VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 56.
SUPREMACY
SOON TO BE
ASSERTED
President Will Ta^e Firn)
Action Regarding
Philippines.
AguiQaldo's Followers to Be
Subdued, "Peaceably, if
Possible; F orei bly,
if Necessary."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— The Herald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: The assertion of the sovereignty of the United States
over the Philippines may be precipitated not only by the political
crisis in the archipelago, but by the necessity of occupying Iloilo on
account of the da ""•■"■ nf epidemic disease resulting from the re
tention of General Miller's army on board the transports. It developed to
day that the President feels he cannot wait much longer upon the Senate.
Unless that body should shortly ratify the treaty there is reason to believe
instructions will be sent to Admiral Dewey and General Otis either to with
draw Miller's expedition or to assert the supremacy of the United States,
peaceably if possible, forcibly if necessary.
There are three factors in the Philippine situation which are forc
ing the Administration to action: First — Aguinaldo's hostile attitude
and the constant growth of his army. Second — The danger of smallpooc
on board the transports which are the prisons of Miller's expedition to
Iloilo; third, the danger of recognition of the Philippine republic by
foreign governments, especially Germany and Spain.
There is no longer any concealment in administration circles of the criti
cal condition of affairs in the archipelago. General Otis' reports are far
from being as encouraging as the administration was at first willing to
have the public believe, and describe the menacing attitude which Aguin
aldo and his followers have assumed.
Worse than this is his expressed fear that an epidemic will break out
among the troops in Miller's command. Already a number of cases
have appeared, the result of cooping men up on ships in such a hot
climate. There are 3400 men on these ships. The report that they have
beon landed is untrue. All that General Miller is able to do is to land- men in
Finn 11 squads, who after a little exercise, hardly enough to stretch their
le^s. are compelled to return to their ships. They cannot go far from
shore because of the danger of conflict with the natives.
The President's instructions require that a clash be avoided at ail
instructions were sent on January 2, and were due to the
President's belief that he should take no action until the treaty of peace is
1. He places the blame for sickness among the troops as well as for
the development of Aguinaldoism directly at the doors of the Senators who
have fought the ratification of the treaty. So long as the United States is
divided on the question of the acquisition of the Philippines, just so long,
he feels, will the Filipinos continue their present tactics, and the result will
be if there should be greater delay that Aguinaldo may even after such rati
fication decline to recognize the sovereignty of the United States and precipi
tate a conflict.
It may, therefore, be stated that the President does not want the treaty
to go over for consideration at an extra session. He wants ratification,
and he wants it now.
PREDICT
WAR WITH AMERICA
MANILA, Jan. 20, via Hongkong, Jan.
24.— The Independence, to-day issued a
supplement containing a dispatch pur
:.g to come from Malolos, the seat
/(■: the rebel government. It comments
upon the appointment of the commis
and saye:
/■■•"The Filipinos naturally suspect this
"! !<•■ a new attempt to humbug. Both
y and Spencer Pratt promised us
;>>jndence if the Filipino republic
stable. The Filipinos are disil
ned. They 1 elieve the commission
■'.is a ruse t<. in time until they hav<
• accumulated formidable forces, when
rica, abusing her strength, will be
gin a war to ratify her sovereignty."
Th- Indepen lencia then alleges that
ail the commissioners are partisans of
. colonial expansion and incidentally as
that the Archbishor also favors
annexation, "with the sole object of
• gaining the sympathies of the winning
side. Immaterial which, in the interests
;; of the religious corporations."
The Filipinos of Caloocan and Gega
A Birdseyfe View of the Port of Iloilo, PaQay Islarjd, Now Held by the losurgeot RlipiQOS, Witt
Part of Guimaras IslaQd ar;d th;e Straits BetweeQ.
The San Francisco Call.
-1 langin, mistaking salutes exchanged
between British and German warships
on January IS, moved 3000 men to the
i front in order of battle, covering the
adjacent country, but they did nut at
| tack the American lines.
Reports from the interior indicate
that Aguinaldo's authority is now gen
erally recognized. Every available male
is being recruited and arms depots are
being established at San Bernardino
Union, Trinidad and other large towns!
The surrounding country is being levied
on for supplies and the Filipino troops
are living on the fat of the land, while
the native villagers are compelled to
subsist on rice.
There is some friction between the
Filipino civil and military authorities,
but they are united on the question of
independence.
It is estimated that there are fully
30,000 Filipinos under arms and it is
said that there are nearly fifty Maxim
guns at Malolos, some of them having
been recently acquired.
The Filipino military authorities are
convinced, they say, that the Americans
will be unable to work effectively out
side of anila in the event of hostili
Continued on Fifth Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
TRAGEDY ON THE
BALDWIN RANCH
Negro Commits Murder
and Suicide.
STRANGLES HIS YOUNG SON
PLUNGES WITH THE BODY
INTO A RESERVOIR.
"Lucky" Baldwin the Foreman of
the Coroner's Jury That
Conducts an Investi
gation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 24.— Details of
a murde- and suicide on the ranch of
E. J. (Lucky) Baldwin at Arcadia
reached Los Angeles to-day. Baldwin
has had in his employ for a short time
Lafayette Ditty as cook. Ditty, who is
a negro and resided with his wife,
Emily, and son, Christian, on the ranch,
had been suffering from grip for several
weeks. The effects of the disease un
balanced his mind and he became a
subject of ravings and hallucinations.
Ditty was particularly violent last Fri
day and was closely watched. On Sun
day he appeared better and was al
lowed to take a walk with his son.
As Ditty did not return on Sunday the
farm employes organized a searching
party. Efforts to rind father and son
proved futile. On Monday a second,
party was formed, which examined the
bank 3of a reservoir near Baldwin's
summer hotel. A child's cap was found
on the bank, surrounded by many foot
prints, indicating that a struggle had
taken place. The reservoir was dragged
at this point last night and the body of
the father recovered.
As the corpse was being hauled up
from what appeared to be an upright
position a sudden jerking was noticed,
indicating that something had become
detached from the corpse. This evi
dently was the body of the child.
The dragging was resumed this morn
ing, and the body of the 12-year-old son
was recovered. It bore" marks of a
struggle and ofintense suffering. Those
who viewed the remains assert that the
father, who, in his delirium, struggled
with the boy and strangled him to
death, jumped into the reservoir, hold
ing the lad at arms' length, as the lad
fought to escape impending death.
The Coroner investigated the death of
Ditty and the child. The fact that
"Lucky" Baldwin acted as foreman of
th 3 Coroner's Jur;. . wl k-h inv.»tigatted
the circumstances surrounding the
death of his cook, caused much com
ment.
CUBAN INSURGENTS DEFY
AMERICAN AUTHORITY
It Is Reported That General Rabi
and His Band Have Taken to
the Hills.
HAVANA, Jan. l!4.— A report reached
General Monocal to-night that General
Rabi. with 1500 insurgents, had taken to
the hills in Santa Clara in defiance of
American authority. Rabi is a full
blooded Guantanamo Indian and a hard
lighter. Menocal hopes the report may
prove untrue.
Should Cuban soldiers take to the woods
and turn bandits, the United States mili
tary administration will know what to
do. They will be followed by a force of
cavalry and persistently pursued. The
same general method will be observed aa
has been followed in dealing with the In
dians on th; plains and mountains of the
West. The subject has been carefully
considered by old border fighters, who
are confident they could care for the ban
dits, notwithstanding the climatic condi
tions.
The Seventh Cavalry Regiment is sta
tioned in the province of Pinar del Rio,
the Second Cavalry Regiment in the
provinces of Santa Clara and Matanzas
and the Eighth Cavalry Regiment in the
province of Puerto Principe. The de
partment governors and the commanders
of the various garrisons have received in\
structions to keep on the alert and take
the first opportunity that the brigandage
may afford to show what the United
States soldiery can do to suppress it.
To Welcome Native Sons.
SALINAS, Jan. 24.— The many commit
tees of arrangements are already making
great preparations for the meeting- of the
Grand Parlor of the Native Sons here in
April. The visitors will get a reception
they will long remember.
DAN BURNS CANNOT
GO TO THE SENATE
Forty-Six Republican Legislators Posi
tively Refuse to Go Into Caucus.
No Dictation Will Be Permitted on the Part of the
Southern Pacific Railroad When It Comes to Nam
ing the Representative of the State.
CAL-. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEX-O, Jan. 24. — Twenty-seven
members of the Legislature who
have been voting for Ulysses S.
Grant for United States Senator
for two weeks and through twenty-nine
ballots to-night decided by unanimous
vote to remain firm and true to Grant
and his cause to the end of the present
■session of the Legislature.
N This means that Dan M. Burns will
never be a United States Senator from
OFFICIAL RECORD OF
DAN BURNS' DEFALCATION
"Hon. E. C. Marshall, Attorney-General-Sir: I have the honor herewith
to transmit to you the result of an investigation of the office of the Secretary of
State during the incumbency of D. M. Burns from January 5, 1880, to January 8,
1883. The examination shows Mr. Burns to be a defaulter to the State in the
SUm Of $31,738 59. _Fpom the Report of the State Controller.
The Grand Jury of Sacramento County returned twelve indictments against Burns for the fraudu
lent application of State funds in his charge. He was arrested and imprisoned. In the course of the
trial, in which Mr. Burns' only defense was an attempt to fasten the crimes laid to his charge on a deputy
who had been selected by him for his proficiency in political and other roguery, Burns admitted that
he had deliberately falsified the books. Here is his admission under oath:
"I took the memorandum cash book and changed these figures or
amounts. I did not change any figures, but where there would be $13.25 I
marked $9.75, and I took this cash book back to him (Deputy Gale) after the
eighth day of December some time— it must have been three or four days
afterward."
This is the kind of man the Southern Pacific proposes to foist upon the people as a Senator, and
it is because he is such .a man that the people of California are crying out to be saved from an impending
disgrace.
California if the supporters of Mr.
Grant's candidacy stand firm and true
to what they have agreed to do. There
is no reason to believe that they will
not, for twenty-four of them were pres
ent at the Grant caucus held this even
ing at the candidate's headquarters.
The roll was called and twenty-four
Senators and Assemblymen voted, as
one of them said afterward, "To stand
by Grant until the last dog was hung."
Three of the absentees sent word that
they would abide by the decision of the
caucus. They were all vouched for. Dr.
Marvin of Humboldt County was ab
sent and he sent no word as to what he
would do. He is privileged to do as he
pleases. ■
The Grant men give as a reason for
their action in deciding to vote for their
candidate until the adjournment of the
Legislature very strong reasons.
They state that they have agreed to
assert their fealty to Grant for the
reason that by doing so they will there
by defeat the desire of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, which cor
poration they look upon as endeavor
ing to force the election of Daniel M.
Burns through the head of its political
bureau. William F. Herrin.
The Grant men meant business to
night, for they acted with remarkable
unanimity, agreeing not to consider a
second choice candidate either now or
at any future time. They decided to be
Grant men, and nothing else, to the
bitter »nd.
Furthermore, they made no effort to
night to keep from the public anything
that was done at the caucus. They
were perfectly willing that a full re
port of what they did should go to the
press, and the report of the caucus
given by The Call is verified by ten
members of the Legislature who at
tended it.
Senator Boyce of Santa Barbara
called the caucus to order. Senator
Cutter of Yuba acted as secretary. The
roll call disclosed the presence of twen
ty-four members, the absentees being
Assemblymen Huber of Los Angeles,
Chynoweth of Orange, Dale of Kern,
all of whom sent word that they would
abide by the decision of the caucus. Dr.
Marvin, the Assemblyman from Hum
boldt, was present neither in fact nor
by promise as to what he would do.
Mr. Grant was present, and so was
Attorney Walter Bacon of Los Angeles.
Neither of these gentlemen, however,
participated in the discussion or de
liberations.
The first question decided was as to
whether or not Mr. Grant should be
voted for to the end of the Senatorial
contest by his present supporters. Upon
this point there was no difference of
opinion. Every man present was agreed
that it was the right thing to do and
the only thing. The fact was. laid be
fore those present that the State was
threatened with a groat danger in the
possibility of the election of Daniel M.
; Burns, whose character, standing: and
reputation were such as to make him
an unfit man upon whom to bestow the
toga.
It was further shown that the South
em Pacific Railroad was actively en
gaged in furthering the Senatorial
prospects of Burns through every
power its political bureau could assert
or in any way bring into play.
The claim was made by one As
semblyman present that the candidacy
of Robert N. Bulla for Senator was
also being sustained and kept up by
the Southern Pacific, through the
agency and at the request of Burns.
The matter was discussed in all of Its
phases and every one present was
I asked to express his views. Some
seventeen talked informally in favor of
adopting the resolution to stand by
Grant to the end. The roll was called
| and there was a unanimous vote in
favor of the resolution, which Included
a clause that at no time should those
participating in the caucus consider a
second choice candidate.
And thus endeth the last remote
prospect of the mine juniper of the
Candelaria to occupy a seat in a body
j in which Henry Clay, Daniel Webster,
Stephen A. Douglas, Allen G. Thurman,
John C. Calhoun. Roscoe Conkling and
others have made history for the world.
King Caucus cannot come to the res
cue of the colonel and the Southern
Pacific. The caucus of Mr. Grant's
supporters has utterly destroyed the
possibility of a general Republican
caucus, for outside of those who are
voting for him are other Republican
members who will never consent to
participate in nor be bound by one.
Eleven of Senator Bulla's supporters
are on record equally as strong as the
Grant men in opposition to any general
caucus on the Senatorial question.
The supporters of the candidacy of
General W. H. L. Barnes to the num
ber of eleven held a caucus this after
noon at 5 o'clock and decided to con
tinue voting for the general, and under
no circumstances to enter any Joint
Republican caucus. This is one addi
tional nail to the coffin which con
tains the remains of Dan Burns'
Senatorial boom.
Taking only the Grant men who were
present at the caucus (twenty-four),
add eleven Bulla supporters and eleven
more supporters of General Barnes, and
there is a total of forty-six out of
eighty-five Republican Senators and
Assemblymen who are absolutely
pledged not to go into a caucus.
One more William F. Herrin has
been outdone by men who are deter
mined that the Southern Pacific Com
pany shall not name the Senator from
California who is to be elected at this
session. Thus does It follow that, to
use the language of the street, Daniel
M. Burns is a "dead one."
HOW THE CAUCUS
AFFECTS CANDIDATES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— U. S. Grant declined
to be interviewed as to how he felt as
to the action of the caucus of his sup
porters, held this evening. He did say.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
however, that the loyalty of his friends
had caused him to feel deeply grate*ful
and he appreciated their fealty to th«
very bottom of his heart. James Brown,
Grant's main adviser, in speak
ing of the matter, said: "Why, It Is Just
what we expected. Grant will be the
Senator before the session closes. It
will never be Dan Burns, and it will
never be Bulla."
"Suppose Burns and Bulla were both
to withdraw, would you then be will
ing to release the Grant supporters
from the caucus dictate requiring them
to unalterably vote for Grant to the
end, and leave them free to vote for
Grant or some other candidate as they
might see fit?"
"We will meet that contingency when
it arises. First, though, we want Mr.
Burns and Mr. Bulla to announce their
withdrawal from the floor of the joint
Assembly. In my opinion if these gen
tlemen will do this Grant would be
Senator."
General Barnes was not surprised
when he learned of the close alliance
the Grant men had formed. He said
that if it was maintained the Legis
lature would be a deadlock and the
State would be represented by one
j Senator in the Senate. He reiterated
! the proffer he had previously made.
1 which was to this effect: If at any
' time the elimination of his individuality
| from the Senatorial fight would settle
it he was willing to withdraw. He
also thought that the decision the
Grant forces had arrived at would have
no good effect on the candidacy of his
friend, Irving M. Scott.
Senator Bulla denied the assertion
made in the Grant caucus that he was
in any way the candidate of the South
ern Pacific or in the Senatorial flerht in
the interest of Colonel Burns or any
man other than Robert N. Bulla. The
Senator was rather surprised at the
course pursued by Grant's supporters.
He said that he would exact no such
pledge from any of his thirteen voters
in the Joint Assembly.
Colonel Burns when told of the ac
tion of the Grant men was unmoved
j and secretive. He refused to comment
upon it further than to say: "Watch
the ballots." Nevertheless, the Burns
; men are dumfounded. They never
! anticipated any such action from
Grant's supporters. They realize that
their cause is now absolutely hopeless
I and content themselves with denounc
ing what they are pleased to term the
"absolute Idiocy of those Grant gruys."
A Check on Pilots.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 24.— Senator Gillette of
Humboldt County has put In a bill which
provides that they shall furnish the pilot
Is going to bother and be quite an annoy
ance to the pitots of San Francisco. It
commission once a month with a report
of all moneys they have received and
from whom and p:iy five per cent of their
i-ecelpts to the secretary of the commis
sion. The account is to give the name of
each vessel piloted, the name of the mas
ter, where the vessel is resisted, depth
of draught, tonnate, whether inward of
outward bound, whether the amount re
ceived for piloting is for full pilotage or
half pilotage. The secretary is to make
a record of all this and it provided that
it shall at all times be open to the public.
Senator Gillette states that his bill is
introduced for the purpose of preventing?
pilots from imposing on masters of ves
sels In their charges for piloting. His bill
Is now In the hands of a committee. If
it passes the secretary of the pilot com*
mission will have some worßS^o do.2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
MUCH HOT TALK
ON PRISON LABOR
Speaker Pro Tern, Anderson Raises a
Storm With His Bill.
An Effort to Prevent Convict Labor From
Coining in Conflict With That of Freemen
Brings About a Heated Debate
in the Assembly.
CALL, HEADQI'ARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 24.— Speaker pro tern. An
derson's bili is r.ot more than a paragraph
long but it raised a column of storm when
It came up in the Assembly this morning.
Its provisions are as follows:
Section I— lt shall be unlawful for the Board
of State Prison Directors or the State Prison
authorities at Fplßom," or any other "State
penal institution in the State of California,
to engage or employ any person confined or
employed in any penal institution in said State
in the quarrying of raw material, or in the
manufacturing of anything whatever that is
an article of commerce in this State, except
"broken stone to be used exclusively upon
county or State roads, other material to be
used exclusively on country or State roads,
jute bags, and articles consumed exclusively
In the- State' institutions: provided, that noth
ing In this act 'shall prevent the working of
the inmates of any State institution upon
county or State roads."
In other words Assemblyman Anderson's
object is to prevent the product of the
convict coming in competition with that
of the freeman. K<>< k crushed ■•♦ the
prison is sold to contractors in the cities
at a price which would ruin the free
owner of a quarry, and the result has
bof-n. according to Mr Anderson, that
many of the private quarries have gone
under. Mr. Anderson's biil provides that
• '■ prison product shall be sold only to
i ounty Boards <>f Supervisor! or for use
on county roads.
It caniH up under the head of unfinished
business, uiu! Assemblyman Knights of
mento came to nfaa f*"»t with an
amendment which provided that the rock
should also be sold to private contractors.
The amendment. !:" passed, would have ut
t( rlv destroyed the Intent of Mr. Ander
son's measure. He rose to derend it. but
was headr-d off by Dibble of San Fran
cisco, who took tne defense on his own
shoulders, and fur the lirst time during
the present session delivered one of those
forcible, timely speeches that have won
for him his own way on the floor on more
than on*. 1 occasion. He struck the keynote
u> his argument when he said. "Convict
labor should never be permitted to come
in competition with that of the freemen,"
an*! upon it be based his speech.
• 'aminetti of Amador, who voted for a
similar bill in 1897, had evidently since
become convinced for he came out against
it to-day with all the wind of his well
stocked lungs. He argued that the low
prh-' of prison crushed rock made im
provements possible that otherwise would
not have been made, and that as a result
of it more freemen were given work than
would lie if private quarries were per
mitted to maintain a monopoly.
He was hotly replied to by Mr. Ander
son, who throw up to him his past record
on the bill and brought statistics into the j
• in a most convincing manner.
mblyman Dunlap of Stockton took
the prison en?! of it and declared that be
contractors had been able to pet
prison crushed rock at a less price the
street makers of Stockton had been able
lo pay out to free laborers over $300,000
that they otherwise would not have got.
Dibble "again took the floor and Conrey
of Los Angeles and Brooke of Sacramento
both moved that both bill and amend
ments be referred to the Committee on
Labor and Capital and State Prisons for
joint consideration.
Just after the noon recess Dibble moved
that "Senate messages" be at once taken
up and Senate Bill 845, which the attenu
ated assistant secretary of the Senate had
brought in in the morning, came under
Immediate consideration. Bill 315 takes
tin- place of bill 199 and embodies the
same Intent, viz.. to let the treasury gate
open to the horde of would-be attaches
waiting lust outside.
Valentine of Los Angeles moved that it
be given its second reading as a matter of
emergency, but the roll call developed
that the tWO-thirSs vote necessary to pass
the motion was not in the Hous<^. A roll
call of the absentees was called for and
later a call of the lions.', and after the
recalcitrant ones had been rounded up
the doors were locked and another roll
call orderi d. , , ,
Relshaw opened a fight by introducing
an amendment inserting the two-thirds
clause. Instead of the three-lifths. but
i omptly voted down.
On the roll call on suspension the min
ority all voted no. but did the graceful
thing by changing to "aye." providing
*>nriugh votes to carry the question, and
the bill was finally passed and sent back
to the Senate.
Adjournment was taken on motion of
Conrey of Los Angeles.
THEY REGARD SCOTT
AS MOST AVAILABLE
Explanation of the Sudden Boom
to His Senatorial
Aspirations.
The announcement that Irving M.
Scott was to enter upon an active can
vass for the United States Senatorship
caused considerable of a stir in political
circles yesterday. It was the general
impression that with Mr. Scott avowed
ly in the tight an entirely new aspect
was given to the whole situation.
What strength he will develop at
Sacramento is, of course, pufely con
jecture, and there are some who are in
clined to the belief that he will merely
complicate matters the more, instead
of presenting an easy way out of the
present dilemma. The gentlemen who
are at the head of Mr. bcott's cam
paign have put him forward more
prominently in the hope that the con
tending factions in the Legislature will
be able to unite on him and bring to
an end tho long deadlock, which, they
believe, is working an injury to the
Republican party and the State.
Some of the best-known business men
in the city arc behind tho movement
and have announced their determina
tion to go to Sacramento in the interest
of Mr. Bcott. S»me of them went up !
last evening and others expect to go '
tn-night. Among those who have taken |
up the cause of Mr. Scott are members
of some Hi the representative commer
cial and industrial bodies of San Fran
cisco, but they are art ing as individuals !
and in no way as the representatives !
of their respective organizations.
Their position was accurately defined !
by F. W. Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association, who, speaking for himself
only, as a promoter of Scott's candi
dacy, said yesterday: "I have gone
Into this matter, not because of any
prejudice against any of the other can
didates, but solely with a view of re
storing harmony. Mr. Scott. I believe, j
If a man on whom all the Republican
legislators can unite and thar is why j
I am willing to do what I can to pro- i
mote his candidacy. I shall go to Sac- '
ramento either this evening or to-mor- J
row night, but I want it understood j
that I do not go as a representative of '
I
the Merchants' Association, but merely
as an individual. Once more I will say
that 1 am entirely free from prejudice
against any of the other candidates
and if I saw any prospect of an amica
ble ending of the present state of af
fairs 1 would not take any part what
ever in the Senatorial struggle."
SCOTT'S WORKING FORCE
NOW IN GOOD SHAPE
''ALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. &— Irving M. Scott's
working force was augmented late to
night by the arrival of F. W. Dohrmann
DEBATE IN THE ASSEMBLY ON THE CONVICT LABOR BILL.
j and A. B. C. Dohrmann. They were
\ warmly welcomed by Senator Davis and
Assf-mblyman Dunlap, who were in Mr.
Scott's room when the reinforcements ar
j rived. The supporters of Scott outlined a
plan of campaign to-night.
In the tirst place, members of the Leg
islature will be invited to meet the
j builder of the Oregon. It was remarked
as significant that Senator Davis and As
semblyman Dunlap. who ha» - e been vot
ing for Scott from the outset, never saw
him until to-night. It can be left to con
jecture as to the number of men that
will vote for Mr. Scott after they see him.
It was said in a general way at Scott's
headquarters to-night that business men
! of San Francisco advised him to plunge
into the thickest of the struggle, say
ing. "Go to Sacramento and get acquaint
ed witli the members of the Legislature
The deadlock can be broken if an accept
able candidate shall be presented. We
will send leading men of the city to sup
port you, and business men of Stockton
Sacramento and other cities of the Stat**
will join in urging the Legislature to ac
cept you as the man for the United States
Senate."
I When the question was asked if Mr
: Scott would stay for the finish Senator
Davis and ex-Mayor Ellert remarked that
THE DEADLOCK WAITS
ON THE INVESTIGATION
CAXiii HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24.— "1 do not
think this deadlock will be broken until the report of the investigat
ing committee is in," said Assemblyman Lardner to-day. "And manybe
not then, but whether or not you may look for developments. It is likely
the report will be submitted to-morrow."
Evidently every one else is of about the same opinion. Just one bal
lot sufficed to-day to demonstrate that no effective politics has been done
these last twenty-four hours. Even the "honoraries" polled their usual
strength, and Senator Simpson proposed the customary adjournment. It
carried without dissent, and 12 o'clock noon to-morrow is the appointed
hour for the next attempt. To-days ballot follows:
BARNES 11
ESTEE 1
BULLA 13
BURNS 22
FEL.TON '. 1
GRANT 24
SCOTT 2
DE VRIES 1
ROSENFELD " l
BARD 2
WHITE .".".!.". ""31
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
Scott was not a man to retreat after he
had entered a contest.
Predictions of increased strength in the
Scott camp will not be made before the
field is surveyed.
Mr. Scott shortly after his arrival paid
his respects tc General Barnes. He will
probably visit Colonel Burns, Senator
Bulla and U. 8. Grant Jr. to-morrow.
DEMOCRATS TIRED OF*
OF THE AUTOCRATS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Senator Fc-eney has in
troduced a bill in the Senate which has
for its purpose the abrogation of the com
mittee of one hundred who have been the
autocrats of the San Francisco Democ
racy.
Senator Feeney's bill provides that no
nominations for any political party can
be made by appointment. They must be
made by conventions.
The clause of Senator Feeney's bill
which strikes the committee of one hun
dred reads as follows:
Any convention, as hereinafter defined, held
for the purpose of making nominations for
public office, and also electors, to the number
hereinafter specified, may nominate candidates
for public office to be filled by election within
the State. A convention. Within the meaning
of this act, is an organized assemblage of.
delegates, elected by ballot at a primary elec
tion, and representing v political party which,
at the last election before the holding of such
convention, polled at least three per cent of the
entire vote, of the State, county, district, or
other political division for which the nomina
tion is made; provided, that in any county,
township, city or district wherein no general
election shall have been held after its organi
zation, a convention of any party polling at
least three per cent of the votes cast In the
precincts composing such county, township,
city or district shall have tlif same power,
and its nominations the same effect a? though
Mich eoUQty, township, city, or district had
been organized before the next preceding gen
eral election.
Senator Feeney was asked what the pur
pose and intent of his bill was and he re
plied:
"We have laws in this State which ex
pressly provide for the holding of pri
mary elections and the selecting of dele
gates- to nominating conventions. Why.
then, should a clique be permitted to ob
tain control of the organization of a party
and arbitrarily designate a committee to
name its nominees for office and destroy
the right of the great body of the party
to in any way participate in the nomina-
tions. It Is to put an end to this prac
tice that my bill was introduced."
Senator Dwyrr, in talking about the bill,
said: "I favor the proposition to put a
stop to the practice at having any com
mittee name nominees for a political
party. It is un-American. We nave K""<1
primary election laws which have been
enacted to Insure clean nominations \>y
political parties, and I think they should
be used."
The bill seem? to meet with considera
ble favor in the Senate.
Scarcity of Committee Booms.
('ALT, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— The scarcity of fnreting
room has already In the present session
seriously hampered committee work and
the sergeant-at-arms of Assembly and
Senate have been hard put to it to find
meeting rooms for the most important
legislative business. The Committee on
Public Works of the Senate thinks the
problem is solved in a resolution to make
use of the abundance space in the at
tir of the Capitol, where there is room
for a half-dozen commodious committee
rooms. A bill will be shortly presented in
the Assembly which will provide the nec
essary appropriation and set the work in
motion so that before the session ends
the new rooms be made use of.
WAITING NOW FOR
THE WHITEWASH
Bribery investigation Ready to Ring
Down the Curtain.
Gommitteemen Will Throw All the Responsibility
on the Assembly and Wash Their Hands
of the Affair.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, Jan. 4.— The official investigation
of the charges made against Speaker of
the Assembly Howard E. Wright is at an
end. All that remains to be done is to ap
ply the coat of whitewash to the faded
reputation of the disgraced statesman.
The committee having charge of the in
vestigation has not yet decided on the
exact formula by which the whitewash
is to be prepared, but this makes little
difference so long as it Is white. Dan
Burns has promised the' discredited
Speaker of the Assembly that he will
save him from the immediate conse
quences of his infamy, ar.d, as every
one knows. Burns cares little for the
methods adopted so long as the desired
end is attained. That he will be abie to
keep his promise In this instance seems
certain if one were to accept the acts of
the committee as a guide to conjecture.
As for the charges that have been
made against other Assemblymen
and those who have sought to unduly in
fluence the acts of legislators there will
be entered the general verdict of "not
proven." All witnesses save those who
had evidence to give that would be injuri
ous to the candidacy of U. S. Grant have
been handled with' the greatest tender
ness, and seemingly no effort has beer,
spared that would bring out facts benefi
cial to Burns. But in spite of all the
truth has been plain to the public, and no
matter what the report of the committee
may be Wright stands convicted by the
people of the State whom he had sworn
to serve and whoso trust he betrayed.
The taking of testimony was practically
concluded by the committee this after
noon. It is possible that one or two addi
tional witnesses will be examined to-mor
row, but the greater part of the day will
be consumed in preparing the report that
is to be made to the Assembly on Thurs
day. This report will shift the responsi
bility of fixing the exact definition of
Wright's disgrace from the committee to
the Assembly. Tt will be asserted that
Wright, as Speaker of the Assembly, is
the creature of the Assembly and that it
is for the Assembly to deal with him. The
committee will report the facts as they
have been brought out before it by the
sworn testimony of numerous witnesses
and upon these facts the Assembly must
act. There is probably not one member
of the Assembly who doubts Wright's
guilt, but there are many who may be
induced to shuf their eyes to their own
convictions for reasons of self-interest.
Charles G. Lamberson of Visalia, who,
it is said, acted as the agent of Assembly
man Cosper in the solicitation of a $6000
bribe from U. S. Grant, it being alleged
that the proposition was made to Milton
J. Green, Grant's political manager, failed
to present himself to the committee to
day, though it is said that he had sent
a telephone message to Mr. Cosper saying
he would be on hand to give his testi
mony. The other witnesses, who have
failed to appear in response to subpenas
are M. H. Do .Young and Milton J. Green.
Both are said to be ill and not in a fit
condition physically to appear on the wit
ness stand. It Is not expected that Mr.
Lamberson would bo foolish enough to
convict himself, if he were guilty, by
testifying that he acted as the agent of
Cosper in the solicitation of a bribe.
As the other party to the alleged trans
action is ill it goes without saying that
the charge against Cosper will fall for
want "f substantiation. Mr. Cosper will
thus be afforded the pleasure of roport
ing hack to the Assembly that the tru'h
of the charges against the chairman of
the investigating committee have not been
proved.
One other witness that has thus far
escaped the ordeal of the witness chair
Is Assemblyman R. C. Dale. The charge
has been made that Mr. Dale was ap
proached with an offer of $8000 if he woulrt
vote for R. N. Bulla as his second f hoice
candidate for United States Senator. An
effort has been made to get Mr. Dale on
the witness stand to testify as to the
truth or falsity of this charge, but it has
thus far proved unavailing-. J. E. Cope
land, a Los Angeles attorney, who, it is
said, was the person who made the of.
fer to Dale, was a witness before the
investigating committee to-day. He de
nied most emphatically that he had ever
made an offer of any kind to Dale or to
any other member of the Legislature. He
admitted that he may have "joshed" with
Mr. Dale on the subject of the Sena
torial .situation, but he was certain that
he had never carried his good natured
raillery to the extent of offering Dale
money to support any particular Sena
torial candidate.
Senator William M. Cutter was called
as B witness at his own request for the
purpose of giving him an opportunity to
deny the truth of any rumors that Grant
had furnished him money with which to
make his canvass. He denounced fiuc'n
rumors as false and malicious. He was
followed by Assemblyman A. H. Raw,
who wished to enter a similar denial.
During the course of the Investigation H
was brought out that Speaker Wright
had asked the question if the person to
whom he was talking had heard of the
money Cutter and Raw had received
from Grant. Both Mr. Cutter and Mr.
Raw asked and were granted permission
to be sworn that they might give to their
denials the full weight of legal evidence.
The story of the two tickets that Wil
liam F. Herrln gave to Assemblyman A.
H. Merrill at the request of D. M. Burns
was retold to-day, this time by Mr. Mer
rill himself. During the course of his
testimony he declared that he wished it
distinctly understood that he could not
be bought for the price of two railroad
tickets, and that any one who thought he
could had better get a position -->n the
San Francisco newspapers with the bal
ance of the fools. As Mr. Merrill failed
to state what price he could be bought
for, the newspaper men present were
satisfied to submit their case without
putting in a defense.
The witness related in detail how a
friend of his wanted to go to New York
with his wife, but had only sufficient
money to buy one ticket. Merrill volun
teered to assist him, and to this end went
to Herrln and asked if he could get two
tickets for the price of one. Herri n re
plied that he could not. Merrill then
went to Burns and that gentleman sent a
note to Herrln. which had the effect of
causing Herrln to produce the two tick
et^ without charge. Mr. Merrill failed to
say why ho had applied to Herrin in the
first (instance instead of to the general
ticket office of the company. His story
differed in some essential details from
that told by Herrin and Burns, but it was
accepted in good faith by the committee,
the members of which refrained from
cross-questioning the witness too closely.
As the committee will in all probabllity
closo its labors to-morrow, it may be
proper to point to the fact that it has suc
ceeded in dodging the necessity of making
any investigation of the charge that the
agents of Burns and the Southern Pacific
Company Bought to bribe Assemblyman
Brooke to vote for Burns for Senator.
After the election a contest was filed
against the seat of Brooke in the As
sembly. Burns' agonts and the railroad
officials who interested themselves in the
transaction offered to cause the contest
to be withdrawn and to give Brooke a
position in the County Clerk's office in
this county if Brooke would pledge him
self to vote for Burns for Senator. The
Call exposed the whole scheme to de
buuch Brooke, with the result that the
conspirators were forced to abandon their
plan. As an investigation of this infa
mous plot would tend to throw discredit
on Burns and his Senatorial candidacy
the reason why the investigating com
mittee has skipped it need not be pointed
out.
San Joss's Strong Box Opened.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 24.— The experts suc
ceed to-day In opening the safe of the
City Treasury. The money was then
counted and found to amount to $71,
--690 36. This agrees with the estimates
made by city officers.
"BETTER NO SENATOR
THAN DAN BURNS"
Reply to the Defiance of the Mexican's
• Henchmen,
All Indications Now Point to a Deadlock Until
the Close of the Legislative
Session.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— The indications to
night are that a United States Senator
will not be elected at this session of the
Legislature. Burns has declared that
he will not yield in favor of any other
candidate. The Grant men are angry
and resolute. When it comes to firm
ness of purpose they can give odds to
the touts. To-night the Grant men re
solved to stand by their candidate un
til the close of the session. This signi
fies that there will be no caucus, and
no caucus means the defeat of Burns.
The "organization" is responsible for
the rule or ruin policy how foreshad
owed. Burns came here with his sup-
porters of the Republican State Central
Committee to elect himself or permit
no other candidate to run. His hench
men defiantly say, "You will take
Burns or get no Senator." .The reply is
coming, "Better no Senator than Burns
in the Senate."
The touts are putting on a bold front
to-night. They boast that Colonel
Our store is open at 7 a. m. every business day and remains open unth
6 p. m. for the purpose of selling goods and transacting business In [connec-
tion with their transfer. We make free delivery to points in this city tn
Oakland. Berkeley, Alamoda and their suburbs. We are prompt and cnr'efni
in the conduct of our affairs with the public and leave nothing undon* that
we know how to do to secure the public confidence and patronage Our%« «
are large and incseasing each year. Our expenses are kept within bounds
We can and do sell goods cheaper, quality considered, than any bou«£ mi
the coast. We study to keep up with the times. Note prices and compare
Child's Sunday Shoes 75c
A ccmpletp lino of Chocolate Ph.ies of
best quality, size.*, fi to S. at ?3cj x ! - to 11,
at 85c; 12 to 8, at $1. You will pay" nearly
double these prices at other stores.
Ladhs' Kid Shoes'" $1.00
These are p pecialf for a few days to close
a large spring purchase. Offer open to
dealers and everybody. Ask for our $1
Kid Shoes.
Wrapper Flannel, 16 yds $1.00
This is the best bargain in dry poods in
town by over 60 per cent. Standard width
and quality, sold at 10c and 15c elsewhere;
all dark; 16 styles.
Dark Calico. 25 yds ! $1.00
No bettor goods at CXc; you save about
one-half even on domestics if you pay
caiih and buy at the right place.
Bound Books, again 15c
CHIP-IN PRICES.
Needles, imported, assorted. 40 papers
for 25c
Motto Handkerchiefs, a great variety.. 6c
Ribbons, just arrived, satin; all colors. 5c
Ladies' Black Hose, closing large 10t... Bo
Yarn best for skirts or strong he*e — 752
Muslin for family use, unbleached,
20 yards fI.W
Child's Shoes, black, 8 to 12, kid top — 75c
Ladies' last year's Rubbers, closing,
24. 3, 3\i 15c
Blankets, per pair, silver gray, not
wool ..•■ 60c
Burns will get a caucus by next Mon
day evening and secure his election as
United States Senator by Wednesday
of next week. The touts of high and
low degree tell the same story. It is
evident that the word has gone out
from the "organization" that Burns'
stuck must be boomed. No doubt the
orders are passed out from the colonel's
headquarters that his followers must
assume that victory is in sight and
make predictions that the achievement
will be recorded on a certain day. The
colonel is not springing a new game. It
is the old deal under a new form.
At one stage of the campaign word
went out that Burns would gain five
.votes on the next day's balloting. The
gain did not appear. Later on it was
denied that the colonel had made any
prediction of gain that week, but that
he had fifteen votes staked out among
other candidates and that at a given
signal they would rally around the
candidate of the "organization." The
signal was given, but they did not rally
around Dan's standard. Every art and
trick known to the adroit in the man
agement of political affairs was em
ployed to increase the voting strength
of the "colonel," but it did not increase.
The talk to-night is a sample of the
same old bluff.
It is acknowledged to-night in the
camps of other candidates that Burns
might win out in the dark should a
sufficient number of Republican mem
bers to elect a Senator agree to go into
secret caucus to settle the contest.
There is no indication at this time that
such an agreement can be obtained. On
the contrary, the determination to re
sist caucus overtures seems to be firmer
than ever.
The members of the Legislature who
are voting for General Barnes met this
afternoon and exchanged views. The
meeting was enthusiastic and pro
longed. It was unanimously resolved to
stand by General Barnes to the finish
and to endeavor to bring accessions to
his cause. The supporters of the gen
eral have not sought to increase his
strength by asking their fellow mem
bers to vote for him, but it was de
cided £t the conference to-day that ac
tive work in his behalf should begjn.
The subject of a caucus was discussed
and it was the unanimous expression
of all the supporters of General Barnes
that they would not, while present con
ditions existed, consent to go into cau
cus on the Senatorship. The Senators
and Assemblymen without hesitation
expressed a determination to stand as
firm as a rock in support of the general.
The conference was the happiest and
most enthusiastic session since the
campaign opened.
Irving M. Scott arrived here shortly
after 8 o'clock this evening. He was
at once escorted to his headquarters in
room 11 of the Golden Ea~le Hotel by
Senator Davis of Amador and ex-
Mayor Ellert of San -'rancisco. Scott's
arrival created some commotion among
the Burns touts, but no alarm was
manifested. Inquiries were made re
garding the financial resources of the
new aspirant and whether he would
open out in generous style. Mr. Scott
said ihat he was in the field as a can
didate for the Senate. While he had
been placed in nomination and had been
voted for on every ballot since the be
ginning of the contest, he had not
deemed it advisable to establish head
quarters in Sacramento until the busi
ness men of San Francisco had urged
him to adopt such a course.
"I am here," said Mr. Scott, "to look
over the field and form my own con
clusions of the struggle. It has been
suggested to me that my active par-"
ticipation in the contest might break
the deadlock and enable the Legis
lature to elect a Senator."
Favor the Stratton Law.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
! MENTO. Jan. 24.— At a joint meeting
i of the Committee on Election of both
r Assembly and Senate yesterday evening
the Stratton primary election law was
passed favorably upon after having
had two minor changes made in it. The
■ changes do not affect the bill naterially
and were made after much discussion.
Strawberries, per tin. ...... . . .*Bc
These are Eastern berries, nicely handled
and brought here at lowest cargo mi-
Try the Eastern flavor again.
Mince Meat, 5 1b5. .... . .50c
Do try this once and have something
good; something you can brag about nu?
own brand, home-made. B< our
Oysters, p:r tin . . . . . . . . . . . 7* c
Baltimore pack, this year's good. just ar-
rived. You'll not find last season's goods in
our store. We keep 'em moving. "
Baked Beans, 31b tin. ...... . . 8c
These are priced at 20c mostly, but So
satisfies us and they go rapidly. Have
you tried them?
Santa Clans Soap, 6 for . . .,: . . .25c
And a picture: a handsome one goes with
the purchase. Several buyers have bragged
up this soap. Best they ever tried.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.. S.F.CLOSING COMMENTS
ENTIRELY UNBIASED
How Works Monkeyed With the Artistic
Buzzsaw.
Loud Mr. Shortridge and His Noisy Attire Have
Not Yet Attracted Sufficient Attention,
So He Will Give Some Verbal
Coloring to the Session.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Probably Assembly,
man Works of San Diego is sorry now
f r having monkeyed with the artistic
buzzsaw. He wants the printing of
ons made an offense and so far
as he is concerned it has become an
offense already. An artist delights in
derating peculiarities. He will
make a large ear stand out like the
Fail of a four-master in a gale. He
■will enlarge bumps or even create them,
but he is safest when let alone. Works
can no more check the cartoonist than
he can control the soughing of the
breezes through the orange groves of
his beloved southland, and the sooner
he understands this the better for his
piece of mind.
The usual ballot took place at noon
t< -day and with nothing but the usual
It, except thai the mem
bers were tired and stayed away. There
i< an understanding that the break has
been deferred and the date of the stam
pede is not fixed. Indeed, there is no
candidate at present who can control
it. The issue is between Burns and the
mysterious unknown which the future
is to develop. It may be Barnes, it may
be Scott, it may be somebody not yet
mentioned. Meantime the daily rig
marole has become a buiden to the
soul, and the utterances of the wise
acres a series of chestnuts. Having
been ordered here to watch the Sena-
I tight I am glad to be ordered
y, as there is nothing just now
worth watching. Of course a climax is
■ g, but the millennium is also cur
rently reported on the way.
As this is written the investigation
committee is in session at the Capitol.
Its work is dFawing to a close, and, as
Baid often in these letters, does not
amount to anything beyond the exposure
of the untrustworthiness of Speaker
Wright and the glorification of Burns.
I have not the slightest admiration for
the game of politics. It is rotten
throughout, its basis deception, its pur
i v;i and its participants respect
able men who in matters pertaining to
their cailing are not to be believed
under oath. Yet there is possibility
of admiring the consummate skill
which makes the black white and the
round square. Everybody to-day is
liing at the Burns capture of the
itlgatlon committee. There was
a smoother operation. The com
mittee had brought the Grant cam-
Into disrepute, it had listened to
an arraignment of methods employed
in behalf of Bulla, and then tho Burns
forces appeared upon the scene to show
how pure they were, how lofty their
aspirations, how spotless their in
■>-. they showed it. I do not
'.hat all listeners accepted the
nee, but it stands on the record,
against it the word of a single witness,
and sustaining it the words of the dig-
I push, headed by Burns himself.
There is no course open to the com
mittee but a general vindication, which
will leave matters just as they were in
the beginning, for anybody knows that
truth has been perverted, repressed and
lia's had substituted for it fiction so
groundless as to excKe the risibles of
v horse. Yet this fiction stands as fart.
It will not be controverted nor im
pugned. The Burns people were wise
-missing their touts and resorting
to diplomacy. For myself Ido not care
what the decision of the committee
may be. It will have been practically
dictated, and it will slaver the whiten
THE PEOPLE TO VOTE
ON CHURCH TAXATION
r.\LL HEADQUARTERS, SA<"RA
MKXTO, Jan. 24.— The proposition as to
whether or not all buildings used exclu
sively as churches and chapels and so
much of tlv real property on which they
required for the
id occupation of such
buildings, shall be free from taxation will
In all probability be submitted to the
people t,:~ this State to vote upon as a con
stitutional amendment.
The Senate Committee on Judiciary de
to report this amendment, intro-
Ltor Wolfe, favorably at a
met ting held this afternoon. There were
but two dissenting votes.
The discussion of this amendment was
fixed as a special order by the committee
for action this afternoon.
Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco
appeared with the Rev. Dr. Bogard as
the representative of the churches.
Th< Archbishop made a most eloquent
appeal to the committee in requesting fa r
vorable action from the committee upon
the amendment. He was frequently ap
plauded by a number of auditors who
were present to hear the argument and
the committee's action.
The Archbishop stated that he consid
tbe churches as important factors
in making men and in educating them to
a proper conception of their duties to
their country and to their State.
lit itated ih«it be was emphatically op
posed to any coalition of church and state
but at the sin • insisted that It
was und« niably true that religion did
much to make ini-n moral and thereby re
lieved the state of what would otherwise
be a heavy burden upon it. •
The Archbishop insisted that California
had the poorest church edifices of any
State in the Union and the reason for it
was that not only the edifices but the
ground on which they stood were taxed
and the church organizations building
them wore always compelled to consider
whether or not they would be able to
carry them on alter they were buili.
The speaker further said that California
churches were now built of the cheapest
kind of material, in building the cathe
dral on Van i..ess avenue the Archbishop
Btated that he had originally Intended to
have it of granite, and that he was com
pelled to build it of brick, as it cost less
and the taxes would thereby be lowered.
The Archbishop cited the fad that in
Eastern cities the church edifices were
the pride of the people, but not so in Cali
fornia. In closing the Archbishop made
a general pica tor the exemption of
churches provided for in the proposed
'constitutional amendment which was ad
mitted to b» very strong.
The Rev. Dr. Bogard then ma
strong address asking favorable action
at the hands of the committee upon the
matter under discussion.
Senator Cutter offered an amendment
limiting the amount of property exempt' d
by the terms of the amendment from tax
tion to $10,000.
Th e amendment was lost by a vote of
ing over everything in sight, including
perhaps even Speaker Wright.
This leads naturally to consideration
of Wright. I cannot but feel sorry for
the man, as for the under dog in the
fight. He is utterly discredited in the j
eyes of the public. He is looked upon j
as a man who sold himself and repudi- |
an-d the sale. Since he did this many j
facts have been brought to light con- i
cerning him and they all seem to be j
to his deeper disgrace. At times he i
puts up a bold front, but for the most i
part he cringes. His voice has lost its
former ring, his attitude its air of con
ftdence. When a member shakes his
hand he accepts the act as a favor.
He is relying upon the committee of !
Investigation, but no committee can :
save him. If he has to be included in i
the whitewash bath, which I predict is !
In preparation, he will loom up through i
the flood of hand-made purity like a !
lighthouse in a fog, but with the light
• xtinguished.
The loudest thing in this city is Sen
ator Short ridge, aided by his vest and
abetted by his necktie. The vest is an J
"live-green creation, dotible-breasted '
and with rows of buttons like the
agates with which in the days of youth
I played fot "'keeps." The tie is white
and pink, gleaming with jewels. At |
first it fooled the fire department — but ;
is now recognized as a false alarm. '
The Senator adorns his rotund form
with a coat collared with imported fur, i
and he consults the weather Indications |
to ascertain whether or not to surmount j
his beauty with a silken tile. If the j
signs are unpropitious he uses the som- J
brero already known to fame.
But it is in the halls of legislation
that the Senator shines with a radiance !
seldom equaled, and never eclipsed. He I
is a word attist. At his right hand is |
a dictionary, at his left a thesaurus. I
He has not yet charmed the ear I
markedly^ but his bosom swells with ;
ambition and on his bulging brow is
the luster of thoughts serene and origi- j
j nal. Shortridge will be heard from :
i yet; there is no help for it. He is
loaded and at any moment the pyro- i
technics may be touched off.
Among the developments of the situ- i
ation has been the salivary ejaculation j
t Major McLaughlin. He tried to douse '
i the optical glim of Goucher. Or, to
be plain almost to the point of vul- !
parity, he spat Into Goucher's eye. It
Is not my pleasure to know Goucher,
but I know the major as a gentleman,
whose treatment of newspaper repre
sentatives is ever courteous. Neverthe
less, this thing of spitting is reprehen
sible. To spit on the pavement is In
terdicted and to spit in the face of a
human being, made in the image of i
God, is infinitely worse. I can think of 1
no excuse in any measure justTfying it, I
; and as a spitter would regard the act :
' as a capital offense, and myself the j
executioner appointed of Heaven and
: ready to hang foe it. Goucher may be j
| a person of gentle nature. However, :
', if he thinks the matter over and con- '■
j eludes to resent it he cannot do better
i than get me on the jury. '
Lobbyists are beginning to get thick.
i Among them are so many preachers [
! that to discuss the morality of the gen- i
! eral scheme of lobbying is out of the :
I question. It must be right or they I
I would not be here. The preachers are
I interested in a plan to exempt from !
taxation all church property. I do not '
Bee any reason why this should be done,
but there may be reasons without num- \
I ber. Certainly there are plenty of ad
vocates on hand to present all there !
are, for six ministers, none of them I
belonging to Sacramento, were ob- 1
m rved to-day with their eyes toward I
the sky but their fingers hooked in but- j
tonholes of six suffering legislators.
10 to 2, Senators Nutt and Cutter alone
voting for its favor.
Senator Dickinson offered an amend
ment providing that no property rented
i for church purposes be exempted and the
: amendment was adopted.
On final action there were only 2 votes I
: against the constitutional amendment of
Senator. Wolfe, as it had been changed i
;by the committee. Senator Nutt of San !
i Diego voted against it and Senator Strat- i
ton in voting explained that he was in ,
hearty sympathy with the purposes of the !
amendment proposed, but he did not ap- ''
, prove of its phraseology. • -
! The Assembly Committee on Judiciary
had under consideration this evening the
: sa , mc L <l men dment to the constitution
which this afternoon engaged the commit- ,
! tee of the Senate. The intent of the bill ;
! the exemption from taxation of church '
: properties, attracted to the Supreme :
| Court chambers at the Capitol, where the :
meeting was held, the same party of cmi
! nent divines that attended on the after-
I noon session and there was much of elo
quence and sound reasoning in favor of i
i the measure.
I , Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco, i
, Rev. Barton Perry, Ph. D. of Oakland and ;
Rev. Dr. B. S. Chapman of Oakland, were
the speakers and that they made excel- '
i lent expositions of their case goes with*
, out saying. Among other of the ministry
| present were Rev. Dr. E. McClish of San
Francisco, Rev. Thomas Fllben of San '■
Francisco and Rev. Dr. W. S. Mathews
1 editor of the Christian Advocate, of Berk
eley. . .
After the case had been fully presented -
i the committee went into executive session i
: and decided to take the matter under ad- I
i visement. ■ ■
The Assembly Judiciary Committee re-,
ported favorably on the bill prohibiting
cartoons. The argument was advanced
that the wife of one of the members was !
made sick by a cartoon of her husband
in one of the newspapers. The commit-
I tee was not unanimous in favor of the
measure.
DISCUSSING BENEFITS
TO STANFORD UNIVERSITY
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— President Jordan and
Professor Nathan Abbott of Stanford
T'niversity appeared before the Senate
Committee on Judiciary this evening in
behalf of Senate constitutional amend
ment 11. which is a proposition to add
a !!■ w section to the constitution of the
l State, confirming the founding of the uni
veralty and the trust and giving addi
tional powers to the trustees. it also
exempts the grounds and buildings lo
cated upon them from taxation.
Professor Jordan delivered quite an ex- ]
tended address, giving reasons why the
1 amendments as proposed should receive
I favorable consideration at the hands of
i the committee. He cited the fact that
there were some acts of the trustees
; which had been performed under the trust
; about which there might be legal techni
calities, and It was desirable that the
trust be confirmed by the constitution of
the State. As to the tax exemption re-
I querted. Professor Jordan thought that
j the people of the State would be willing
I to vote to grant the concession, as it
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
would thereby place Stanford University
upon exactly the same basis as the State
University at Berkeley.
Professor Abbott also made a similar
argument touching more particularly up
on the legal phases of the proposed con
stitutional amendment as well as the jus
tice which it would give to the university,
which, he said, was one of the greatest
gifts the people of any State in the Union
had ever received at the hands of one of
its citizens.
The committee listened to the argument,
but decided that it was better to postpone
final action until tho next meeting.
MORE ATTACHES TO
BE PROVIDED SOON
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— The Senators to-day
had the amended Belshaw act before
them for consideration. It came up under
second, reading, and there was quite a
little discussion as to the feasibility of
increasing the expenses of the upper
house of the Legislature $71 per day on
the matter of engaging additional at
taches.
But as the Senators and Assemblymen
have a small army of hangers-on who
have been waiting for three weeks for
the bill to become a law they voted on
motion of Senator Cutter to declare it a
case of urgency and passed the bill.
First, however. Senator Sims asked that
the vote by which the Senate is privi
leged to increase its corps of employes
that are specifically provided in the bill
be changed from three-fifths to four
fifths.
Senator Shortridge argued that if this
amendment was adopted it would indi
cate a lack of confidence on the part of
the Senators in their own honesty.
Senator Simpson agreed with Senator
Shortridge. Senator Stratton then cut off
debate by moving the previous question,
and upon a viva voce vote the amend
ment was -defeated.
Senator Gillette, the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, stated that the
work of the committee had been greatly
hampered by the lack of clerical assist
ance, whereupon Senator Flint informed
him that there were at present thirteen
committee clerks.
Senator Cutter explained that a »reat
many necessary employes had been work
ink without pay In expectation of the
passage of the act. By a vote of 27 to 4
the bill was passed.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT
BILL COMES TO THE FRONT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 24.— The largely advertised
imprisoYiment for debt bill made its
looked-for appearance in the Assembly
this morning. It was introduced by As
semblyman Miller of San Francisco, and
is known on the record as Assembly bill
432.
It provides that when a judgment has
been rendered, based on a claim for neces
saries of life, the debtor shall render an
account to the court of. his finances and
affairs. After, setting aside a sum of not
less than $12 per week for the support of
the debtor the court shall order that out
of the balance of his income he shall
either pay in full or by installments the
amount of the Judgment. If the debtor
shall default in his payments he shall be,
at the discretion of the court, guilty of
contempt and punishable by imprison
ment for a period not exceeding fourteen
days. He may be released at any time
by either satisfying the judgment and
costs, or by giving bond to the judgment
creditor, or he may be released after
seven days' confinement upon his own
rf> / -r>£rn'"-<-<? np,->i b^ nrnmisf to ti, r n.
after abide by the decree. Should he
L.iieainT taw 10 mate his pa v mem*
within thirty days he may again be cited
and again imprisoned. •
The bill has been amended since it was
first written so that a debtor whose in
come is not more than $2 per working
day is exempt from the provisions of the
act. ■- : . .
Secretary John C. Nobmann of the Gro
cers' Association and James J. Hayes a
director, are here to do the work in the
lobby, and they are to be followed by a
delegation from the Butchers' Associa
tion The bill is in the hands of the
Judiciary Committee. . 
Direct Vote%n Senator.
• 'ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- I
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Senator Braunhnrt is
desirous of ascertaining the sentiment of j
tho people of California upon the matter
of electing United States Senators by a
direct vote of the people of the State.
To-day he presented a joint resolution
in the Senate which commands the Gov- j
crnor to insert in his next general dec- i
tion proclamation a paragraph calling i
upon the electors to signify at that elec- I
tion their wishes upon the question of !
amending the constitution of the United j
States by inserting a clause providing for !
the election of United States Senators by
direct vote of the people.
The officers printing the official ballots
are required to print on the official bal
lot the words:
"For the election of United States Sena
tors by direct vote of the people."
"Against tho flection of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people."
When the choice of the people i.s as
certainable in this matter the Governor
la to prepare a memorial certifying to the!
result of the vote and forward the same
to the President, the members of lus Cab
inet and the members of Congress.
Meetings of Committees.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKNTO. Jan. 24.— At the meeting of the
-Assembly Committee on Public Buildings
ard Grounds this evening a bill Introduced
by Mr. Kelsey of Santa Clara providing
for an appropriation of $2000 for the paint
ing and repairing of the State Normal
School buildings at San Jose was recom
mended for passage.
A bill Introduced by Assemblyman Blood
of Calaveras was also up for considera
tion. The measure provides for a branch
normal school in Calaveras County and
makes an appropriation of 150,000 for that
purpose. The committee suggested that
Mr. Blood confer with the Governor be
fori- further action is taken.
The Assembly Committee on Contested
Elections sat in judgment this morning
upon the case of back vs. Mclver the
contestant and contestee for the coveted
oflice of Assemblyman of the Sixth Dis
trict. After much argument on the part
of the attorneys, the case was submitted
to the committee for decision. That body
postponed final decision until this evening !
whtn it was again postponed until to-mor- i
row morning.
•
Cosper's Minority Effort.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— Assemblyman Cosper,
chairman of the Committee on Contested
Elections, also of the committee on in
vestigation, rendered to the Assembly to
duy a minority report on the contest
brought by Leon Jones against Assembly
man Justus Wardell for the seat in the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District of Sin
Francisco. Mr. Cosper constitutes the
minority."
The decision of (he committee was that
Mr. Wardell should retain his seat and
that he had won it by six votes. The de
cision of Minority Cosper Is that
Mr. Jones won the seat and was entitled
to it by four votes. Mr. Cosper came to
this opinion single-handed and alone, and
Without having attended any more than
the first of the committee meetings. In
order to do so he had to overrule the ex
pert opinion of Registrar Biggy of San
Francisco and a half dozen opinions ren
dered by Judge Hebl^ard of the same
place, but he accomplished the task
gracefully and without apparent effort.
Speaker Wright ordered the report read
and tiled.
A Permanent Camp of Instruction.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 24.— Senator Trout wants
all encampments of the National Guard
held at the State camp of instruction
which is to be established near Santa
Cruz, if his bill to that effect becomes a
law. By the terms of a bill Senator
Troutt has introduced the Governor can
annually order an encampment by divis
ions, brigades or otherwise. All guards
men attending are to have their fare to
and from camp paid by the State and to
receive $1 25 per day for seven days in
addition to $2 per day for every horse
necessary to be used.
To Beorganize the Board of Health.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4.— Senator , Flint has pre
sented a bill to reorganize the State
Board of Health' and giving- to It addi
tional powers to reach adulterated: foods,
drink and drugs and. the false : branding
thereof. The board is given authority to
confiscate them and punish; people 1 for
selling them. ■': ■ • • , ,■
The hoard Is directed by the bill to ex
amine and report what the effect of the
use of intoxicating- liquors as a beverage
is upon the industry., prosperity, happi
ness, health and lives of citizens and as
to what legislation is necessary in the
judgment of the board.
The board is given power to employ a
manager, attorney, chief inspector and
chemist, who are made permanent em
ployes, and the board is authorized to
fix their compensation. An appropriation
of $50,000 is made to carry out the provi
sions of the act.
A State Expert Wanted.
CALL HE " 7 'QUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Senator Thomas Flint
desires to have the office of "expert for
the State of California" created. He has
introduced a bill in the Senate to that
effect.
This State expert is to be a thorough
accountant, familiar with the duties of the
State and county officers. He is to be
appointed by the Governor, and is to give
a $20,000 bond. His salary is to be JMOO
per year and his assistant is to have $2400,
and both are to have traveling expenses.
The State expert Is to examine the
books and accounts of all county and
State officers once every three months,,
and in order to do so he is given power
to appoint not more than twenty deputies,
which shall not all come from one pohtl-
Is to be so districted that the
same expert shall not examine the books
of the same office more than once in four
The expert is to submit his report of
the condition of the offices he examines
to the Grand Jury in each county once a
year and to Superior Judges of the coun
ties once every three months. He shall
also report on State officials to the Gov
ernor once every three months.
The twenty experts to be employed shall
receive $150 per month and their expenses.
Trying to Curb Gas Companies.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAUKA
MENTO Jan. 24.— Senator Hall has intro
duced a bill In the Senate which will have
the effect of preventing gas companies
In cities profiting from meters that do not
properly register the amount of gas used.
This morning he Introduced a bill in the
Senate providing that no gas company
could use any gas meter which had not
been tested by the inspector of gas
The Senator further provides in his bill
that in any city of the first class here
after the Board of Supervisors or City
Council cannot fix a greater price than
$1 per thousand cubic feet, and any em
nlove of a gas company endeavoring to
collect a sum greater than the amount
above named shall be subject to a fine of
Furthermore, any gas corporation must
in the future on request connect the con
sumer with the gas main and furnish ac
curate meters free of charge. If after ten
days the corporation fails to make the
connection when It is requested t is sub
ject to a fine of $100 and $10 liquidated
damages for each day of failure tnere-
Thi's is a bill which every gas company
in the State will fight, but Senator Hal
states that he is ready to meet them all.
Routine Work in the Senate.
' CALL HEADQUARTERS. BACRA
: MENTO, Jan. 24.— When the Senate final
j ly adjourned to-day it did so out of re
! spect to the memory of Ex-Governor R.
•' Pacheco.
The papers in the contested election
! case of Dennery against Ashe were turn
ed over to the Committee on Elections.
The rest of the session was devoted to
I the Introduction of bills.
Senator Taylor's bill providing for the
alteration of boundaries of incorporated
i cities and towns by adding new territory
I was finally passed.
Senator Cutter was permitted to with
draw two bills. One prohibited any
county, or city and county, commencing
an action against the State and also a
bill providing for the punishment of offi
cials for withholding, hindering or delay
ing the payment of moneys due the State
and derived from taxes. The Senator ex
plained that the Assembly was acting on
bills covering the same subject.
State Board of Architecture.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— There seems to- be no
abatement in the habit the members of
the Legislature havefurmed ta^create new
State boards for various and sundry pur
poses.
Senator Luchsinger haR introduced in
the Senate a bill providing for the crea
tion of a State Board of Architecture, to
consist of ten members, to be appointed by
the Governor, five to be from the North
ern United States Judicial District and
five from the Southern; three to be mem
bers of San Francisco Chapter of the
American Institute of Architects and
three from the Southern California Chap
ter.
The members are to serve without com
pensation and the expenses of the board
are to be borne by the fees charged for
examinations held as to the qualifications
of architects. When an architect passes
his examination he shall receive a license
or certificate for which he is to pay $5.
State Employes Must Not Lobby.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Senator Dickinson is
weary o? a practice which has long been
indulged in. Employes and officers of
State institutions have been in the habit
of visiting the Capitol at every session
to lobby through bills increasing salaries
and appropriations and creating new of
fices.
The Senator this morning introduced a
bill in the Senate which directs that
neither officer nor employe of a State in
stitution shall visit Sacramento during the
session save under an order of the Gov
ernor or one of the houses of the Leg*
islature.
Furthermore, thepe Stale employes are
proscribed from directly or indirectly at
tempting to influence legislation in be
half of the institution in which they are
employed.
It any of the officers of the State in
stitutions consider this bill a joke the
Senator will wipe the impression out of
their fhinds, for he has made the punish
ment for its violation removal from of
fice.
To Protect Butter Eaters.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Senator Dickinson's
bill to prevent deception in the manufac
ture and sale of butter was finally passed i
by the Senate this morninp. .
"it provides that no person shall manu- j
facture or sell any butter put up or
packed in any package, barrel, firkin, tub,
square, roll or can, unless the net weight
Shall be distinctly and durably stenciled j
or marked thereon in plain tigures and
letteri not less than one-half inch m .
T«£? cxptc C T OK HIS ANTI-OOvkTOON CjILU.
■
length. No person shall put upon or use
any brand or design on any package, bar
rel, tub, firkin, square, roll or can of but
ter other than the one owned or used by
the person or corporation manufacturing
the same. The State Dairy Bureau, by its
agent and assistant agents, is authorized
to enforce all the provisions of the act.
All fines and penalties for the violation of
it are to be paid to the agent or assistant
agents of the State Dairy Bureau and by
said bureau paid to the State Treasurer.
Kelly Goes on Record.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 24.— Assemblyman Kelly of
Alameda offered a bill In the Assembly
this morning which makes the issuance
of trading stamps, coupons, or any trad
ing device a misdemeanor, punishable by
a fine of not less than $20 nor more than
$500.
Kelly also introduced a bill which, by
providlng that all printing done for the
State shall bear the label of the Interna
tional Typographical Union, prohibits the
State from employing any other than un
ion labor.
To Pension John C. Pelton.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 4. — Senator ickinson de
sires to give to John C. Pelton, the man
who established the first free schpol In
California, a pension, the total amount of
which will be $,".000. The sum is -not, how
ever, to be paid in lump, but in amounts
annually to be hereafter decided by the
Committee on Finance.
John C. Pelton is now impecunious, and
this act is designed to place him beyond
the reach of poverty for the service he
rendered in instituting the first free*
school In California.
Protection for Depositors.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Senator Davis desires
to afford additional protection to savings
bank depositors. He to-day introduced
in the Senate a bill providing that no di
rector or officer shall indorse for or bor
row or in any manner be an obligor for
moneys borrowed or loaned by the cor
poration, nor can he be the legal ad
visor or counselor for the corporation.
In case any officer or director violates
this law his office becomes Immediately
vacant.
Governor Gage Counts the Cash.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 24.— Governor Gage took a
rest to-day from reading bills, and count
ed $1,000,000 of the cash in the State treas
ury. The coin was not "hefted" according
to the fashion followed by Mayor Phelan
of San Francisco, but each $20 gold piece
was touched in the process of counting.
Four days' work will finish the task of
counting the money in the vaults.
THE ORR INQUEST.
The Coroner Replies to Charges Made
Against Him.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
on the body of Frank E. Orr, one of the
victims of the collision of the launch Wil
liam D with the ferry steamer Oakland.
The survivors of the launch swore that
they did not see the ferry-boat, while the
officers of the steamer swore that they
gave the danger signal as soon as they
saw the launch, which was 100 yards
away, but that the launch came straight
on, and when the steamer reversed her
engines she had too much headway to
prevent a collision. The jury' returned a
verdict blaming nobody.
With reference to the complaint of W.
H. Stackpole regarding the disposition of
the body of young Orr, Coroner Hill en
ters a general denial. He acknowledges
that he preferred that the business should
go to some San Francisco undertaker
rather than to an Oakland firm, but says
that he was ready at any time to deliver
the remains to the friends of the deceased
on the receipt of Mr. Montealegre. After
numerous delays this gentleman receipted
for the body, and it was taken across the
bay. The Coroner further asserts that
he was acting within his rights and for
his own protection.
Referring to the disposition of un
claimed dead. Dr. Hill said that there is
no city undertaker, but that he has an
arrangement by which such bodies are
turned over to undertakers of the city by
rotation, thus giving each an equal share of
the patronage. This arrangement, he
saySi will be continued throughout his ad
ministration.
SIGNAL CORPS ORDERED OUT.
General Warfield Instructed to Honor
the Remains of Ex-Governor
Pacheco.
Brigadier General R. H. Warfield yes
terday received telegraphic instructions
from Adjutant General Peeler to tunn out
i an escort of honor to attend the funeral
of the late ex-Governor Romualdo Pa
checo. While the order is issued by Ad
jutant General Peeler, it comes indirectly
from Governor Gage.
This honor is shown the deceased be
i cause he was once Governor of the State.
I General Wariield said last night that he
' would order out the Signal Corps under
i Captain Hughes to attend the funeral.
He was not certain that he might not
' Increase the escort, but could not say last
! night. The funeral is to take place to*
i morrow.
KEPT OPEN HOUoE.
The management of the Toyo Risen
i Kaisha (Oriental Steamship Company)
I kept open house aboard the new steam
) ship Nippon Maru yesterday afternoon
' and evening at the Pacific Mail wharf,
! where the vessel is docked.
A large number of invitations were is
sued, and crowds of people visited the
beautiful new steamer during the day.
The hours for the natives of Japan were
from noon to 3 o'clock in the afternoon,
and a number of Americanized Orientals
availed themselves of the opportunity to
inspect the vessel t'rum their native land.
Americans and Europeans visited the
ship from 3 in the afternoon to 9:30 in the
evening.
Mounted Sword Contest.
Louis Tronchet and Ivan de Malchin are
matched to fight with broadswords at
Woodward's Pavilion Friday night. Prep
arations for the contest, which will be
for the championship of the coast, are all
completed, and as both men are masters
of the art of sword-fighting an excellent
entertainment is expected. Tickets are on
sale at iK)O Market street and the Olym
pic Club.
SENATOR STEWART
GETS A MAJORITY
ON FIRST BALLOT
Congressman Newlands' Name
Not Presented to the Nevada
Legislature.
SENATOR W, M, STEWART OF NEVADA,
CARSOX, Nev., Jan. 24.— William M.
Stewart was re-elected to the United
States Senate on a vote taken to-day in
the two houses of the Legislature. In
the Senate Stewart received 9 votes and
in the Assembly 15. The name of New
lands was not presented at < all.
Stewart won on the first ballot.
The Senate met early and adjourned
until 11:20, when the vote was taken on
United States Senator. Greatly to the
surprise of everybody Newlands was
not placed in nomination. A. Livings
ton of Ormsby County placed Stewart
in nomination, and he was seconded by
Senator Ernst of Nye County. W. W.
Williams was nominated by Senator
Flanigan, and A. C. Cleveland was
placed in nomination by Senator
Comins. Considerable time was taken
up In speeches, but when the vote was
called the result showed: Stewart, 9;
Cleveland, 3; Williams, 2; Flanigan. 1.
The Assembly was called to order at
Xi o'clock. Assemblyman Gillespie was
absent and the sergeant at arms was
sent for him. He was unable to find
him, and after argument a vote was
taken without him. Xewlands was not
mentioned. The result was: Stewart,
15; Williams, S; Cleveland, 3; Mason, 3;
William Woodburn. 1.
Newlands made the following state
ment after the balloting:
"The issue in the legislative contest
of the last campaign was clearly
Stewart and anti-Stewart. The anti-
St< wart forces won. They were com
posed of independents and Stewart
Silver party men. To the Democrats
and Republicans, after the election, it
was suggested that a union of the anti-
Stewart forces could be more easily ef
fected in favor of my candidacy than
that of any other man. I offered my
self as a candidate, but always stated
that 1 would withdraw in favor of any
COMMEMORATE THE
DISCOVERY OF GOLD
PIONEEKS HOLD A RECEPTION
IN HONOR OF THE EVENT.
An Interesting and Enjoyable Pro
gramme Rendered by Invited
Guests.
The annual commemoration of the dis
covery of gold In California by the Society
of California Pioneers was held at their
hall on Fourth street last evening In the
presence of over 700 invited guests?.
The feature of the occasion was an ad
dress by Jui'.go Cotton, on the subject of
the discovery ftf gold and the influence the
event has worked on tIK- entire State. In
it be outlined the growth of the State,
attributing its marvelous progress during
the past tifty years from the time
that the yellow metal was discov
ered. He emphasized particularly the
growth of San Francisco from the insig
nificant mining camp to the greatest met
ropolis in the West.
The address was concluded with a trib
ute to the memory of the pioneers who
worked the first mine iv the State and
occupy one of the greatest positions in
the history of California.
In addition to the address by Judge
Cotton the following interesting and en
ioyable programme was rendered, after
which a dance was given for the invited
guests: Vocal solo. Miss Miriam Trade;
recitation, Mlps Josie Seymour; vocal
solo. Miss Nellie Bowlin; violin selections,
Alfred and Julian Edwin.
Row in a Night School.
Thirteen boys appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday charged with disturbing
the peace at the Silver-street night school.
Sergeant Coogan and posse raided the
school Monday night, as the neighbors
complained of the noise made by the pu
pils, who threw inkstands around and did
everything to terrorize the teacher,
Choynski. The ringleader was William
Boyle, the smallest of the thirteen. The
parents of the boys wore also In court,
and after the Judge scolded the boys for
their unruly conduct he continued the
cases till February 4, to see how they
would behave themselves.
DIED. ;.
SHERIDAN— this "city, ' January 24, 1599,
Joseph, beloved husband ,or Mary Sheridan,
and father of i Sarah, ' Jennie. Daniel. Jose-
phine .and ' Thomas Sheridan, a native of
County Meatb, Ireland.
\
capable bimetallist upon whom the
anti-Stewart forces could more easily
combine. Owing to a divergence of
views as to the method of union, the
time at which it should be effected and
the candidate, the ta?k of uniting the
anti-Stewart forces was most difficult,
and while we were engaged in efforts
to unite these forces Stewart succeeded
in securing sufficient votes to obtain a
majority. My name, therefore, was
■not presented to the Legislature. The
victory gained by the people at the
polls has been reversed in the Legisla
ture and the Southern Pacific is victori
ous. The question for the future is
whether the administration of govern
ment in Nevada shall be controlled by
the people or the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The issue will be pressed with
vigor."
The one theme of conversation about
the Capitol corridor, hotels and streets
to-night is Newiands' utter defeat. The
fact that his name was not presented
before either house gave his friends
wiici were not "on the inside" a political
chill, and they are wondering how he
could have been so badly managed.
Stewart in an interview says that he
is satisfied that his record on silver is
nbove reproach, and that the cause of
the white metal is not killed. He Says
the fight against him was directed by
enemies and traitors, but sound judg
ment prevailed and his work for silver
and Nevada wllL continue. He has
been busy at headquarters receiving
congratulations and opening telegrams.
The investigating committee which
probed the bribery charge against As
semblyman Leidy is awaiting the
transcribing of the testimony before re
porting.
Two Ballots at Olympia.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 24.— Two bal
lots were taken to-day for Senator. The
last ballot resulted as follows: Foster,
25; Wilson, 28; Humes, 20; Ankeny, 8;
Lewis, 25; Houston, 1.
Loss of Sleep
Loss of Sleep
Loss of Sleep
makes Loss of Sleep
MEN Loss of Sleep
WEAK! Loss of Sleep
, Loss of Sleep
W WHEN A MAN TOSSES IN BED ALI4
night and Is unable to sleep until the wee
small hours In the morning, he finds himself get-
tins weaker and weaker dally. He will have pain*
In the back, pains in the shoulder, bleary,
bloodshot eyes and he will be melancholy. He
will start at the least noise; he will be subject
to the whims and fancies of an irritated man.
When in this condition It shows abuse; the
man has abused himself; has overworked or
overharassed the mind " and body. When 19
this condition the man needs a sure and ra-
tional treatment. •He will find . ._'-"-; ; ;
HUDYAN
Is Just what Is needed. He will call to the doo>
tori of the Hudson Medical Institute or write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudyan Cures
Nervous Debility,
* Diseases an d Dis-
.- abilities of Men.
BLOOD POISON The absolute cure for
BLOOD POISON Blood Poi3on In first.
BLOOD POISON secondary or tertiary
BLOOD POISON form ■Is the 30-day cure.
BLOOD POISON L- Consult the Hudson Doo-
BLOOD POISON tors or write for 30-day
BLOOD POISON cure olrculars.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton, Martet and -Ellis l Sis.,
JUilbUOii oIULKIUU, indl&Gl dllu LUIS bio.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Be Advised by Hudson Doctors Free.
. Be Advised by Hudson Doctors Fret,
34
SUISUN MURDER
SUSPECTS LIKELY
TO BE RELEASED
Evidence at the Preliminary Ex
anyrnatioo Not Deemed Suffi
cient to Hold Them.
BUISUN, Jan. 24.— T\e mystery sur .
rounding the assassination of Daniel H.
Wilson at Ms ranch on the Ssuisuh road
on the night of October 9, 18^s. is still
unsolved. The preliminary examination
of William J. Miller, Mrs. Elizabeth -G.
Dickinson, his mother, and Mrs. Aduie
Wilson, his sister, jointly charged with
the murder of the latter's ex-husband,
is ended, so far as the testimony is con
cerned, *and while the three prisoners
are yet confined in the Solano County
Jail they will in all probability be given
their liberty in the morning on motion
of District Attorney Devlin.
The prosecuting officer of the county
intimated that this course would be
pursued when he moved for a continu
ance of the case until 10 a. m. to-mor
row, after the conclusion of the testi
mony at 5 o'clock this evening. Mr.
Devlin said that as over a softre of wit
nesses had been examined he desired
to have time to fully digest the im
portance of the evidence before making
up hie mind to ask the court to com
mit the three prisoners for trial and his
motion was granted.
The result of the day's proceedings
■was a surprise and a disappointment to
the officers who have been instrumental
in placing the accused behind the bars.
While some of the evidence tends
strongly to oonnect Miller with the
murder, it is by no means conclusive.
"With few exception*, the witnesses
who were depended upon to establish
the guilt of Miller and the women
failed completely when placed on the
witness-stand to fulfill expectations.
They qualified their previous state
ments or denial outright ever having
uttered the remarks attributed to them.
Samuel Riley, who rented the rig in
which Miller us alleged to have driven
from Vallejo to the Wilson ranch on
the night of the assassination, posi
tively identified the principal defendant
in the < ase as the man who procured
the horse and buggy at the Callonder
stable on the evening of October 9,
William S. Craig was reasonably sure
Miller was the man who returned the
rig to the stable before daylight on the
following morning, but as the fellow
had his face muffled with the collar of
his coat and his hat pulled down over
his eyes, Craig could not be positive.
Mrs. Mary Hayes, who was a next
door neighbor of Miller in Vallejo, tes
tified to having seen Wilson s alleged
■layer in his yard at about 5:30 o'clock
on i tie morning of October 10, fully
dressed and wearing a. long coat.
Aside fn 'in these three witnesses none
was put upon the stand whose testi
mony would go far toward convincing
a jury of the guilt of any one of the
accused.
As an offset to the testimony of Rib
and Craig. Mrs. Eliza SheeTian of Val
lejo swore that she saw and conversed
with Miller in front of her house at
on the evening of October 9, while
her two daughters, Maggie and Katie.
testified that they spent several hours
at Miller's house that evening and were
entertained by him. These alibi wit
nesses each told the same story to the
minutest detail, employing almost the
same language. The testimony of the
other witnesses, while interesting and
to a certain extent picturesque, failed
to directly connect the prisoners with
the tragedy.
The preliminary examination was
held before Justice of the Peace A. F
Hitchcock, in the Superior Court room
at Fairfield. Long before 10 o'clock, the
hour set for the hearing, the courtroom
was crowded with curious spectators
including many women.
Dr. W. D. Downing of Suisun, who
was summoned to the Wilson house on
thf- night of the shooting, was the first
witness, and told briefly (rf the condi
tion of th>- body when he arrived there,
and c»f the cause of death.
Mrs. Lucy Owens, who was Wilson's
housekeeper, then took the stand, and
there was a general craning of necks to
get a food view of thg woman who saw
the old man fall dead at her feet on his
own doorstep, and who was herself one
of the first to be suspected of the mur
der. Mrs. Owens told a very circum-
Btantial story of the events that trans
pired on the Wilson ranch on the af
ternoon and the evening of the murder.
She repeated the story of the shooting
of the old rancher by the unknown as
aasslon, as he stood on th^ doorstep c-f
his house, and how she stood just in the
doorway and saw him fall dead. She
described the terror of herself and her
niece, Ada Rice, who was stopping with
her, and how, after calling vainly for
help, they climbed through the window
of thfir room and ran to the Hatch
ranch and gave the alarm.
Mrs. Owens denied that she had ever
heard Wilson say he intended to deed
the ranch to Vlrgie O'Briea. She knew
however, the O'Brien woman was to
supersede her as housekeeper on the
Sunday following.
Ada Rice, a stunning blonde, neatly
dressed in a tailor-made suit of some
blue material, was the next witness.
She confessed IS years, but looked sev
eral years older. She claimed San Fran
cisco as hr>r home and gave her occu
pation as that of a nursegirl. Miss Rice
corroborated her aunt in every particu
lar, and in addition testified that while
Mr?. Owens was out at the pump she
heard the elicfc of a gun almost under
her window and saw the shadow of a
man through the glass. She was ter
rified by the occurrence and sat up in
bed waiting for her aunt to return.
Then she heard the fatal shot fired.
Daniel M. Wilson, son of the mur
dered rancher, took Miss Rice's place
on the stand. Young Wilson is 18 years
old and appeared to think he was one
of the chief attractions at a minstrel
performance rather than a witness
against his mother and grandmother,
who were on trial for their lives for
the murder of his father. His tes
timony amounted to little, but his an
tics, while they caused the spectators
to laugh, seemed slightly out uf plate.
He admitted having told his mother
some time before the murder that his
father had promised to deed the home
place to Virgie O'Brien and she re
plied:
"It looks to me as though you had
Just as good a right to the property as
Virgie O'Brien."
He could not say whether or not his
grandmother was present at that in
terview. He had told his father he did
not think it was right to give the prop
erty to the O'Brien woman.
Mrs. Lillle Bailard, daughter of Dan
Wilson, who was living with her mother
on the McEwen ranch when her father
was killed, was expected to give some
damaging testimony against her
mother, but the expectation was not
realized, as»her testimony was of no
particular value to either side.
G. A. Bailard testified that just before
he started on * camping trip with Dan
Wilson, a few weeks before the murder,
Mrs. Wilson said to him:
•Wilson will be fixed pretty d— n
quick. The neighbors will take a
band."
The spectators, pricked up their ears
and the young witness appeared to
hugely enjoy the notoriety he had sud
! denly attained. He was evidently pre
| pared to tell of other conversations, but
Attorney George Lamont pricked the
bubble of his importance by forcing him
to admit that the remark quoted was
made while discussing Wilson's flag
rant immoralities and the, feeling in the
neighborhood caused by his doings.
Sam Riley testified that he was- en
gaged by William Craig to take the lat
ter's place in the Callender stable at
Vallejo on October 9, 1896, while Craig
went to San Francisco.
"At about 5:30 in the afternoon," said
Riley, "a man came in and wanted a
rig. I hitched up a horse in an open
road wagon and he got in and drove
off. I asked him when he asked for the
rig where he wanted to go, and he said,
•To take a little drive. 1 "
"Have you seen that man since?"
asked District Attorney Devlin. ?
"Yes; about two weeks after the
murder. City Marshal Savage of Valle
jo, the present Sheriff, came to me and
asked me if I could recognize the man
who hired the rig that night. I told
him I could. A few days later I saw
Miller at the Vallejo crossing and
pointed him out to Mr. Savage."
"Do you see the man in this room?"
"Yea; that is the man," replied
Riley, indicating Miller.
"Are you positive?"
"As positive as a man can be."
The witness said that Craig returned
at 7:30 and asked him to stay a while
longer, as he (Craig) wanted to at
tend a "blowout" being given that
night by the Neptune Firemen, of
which he was a member. He <}'d so,
and when Craig came back about 11
o'clock he decided to stay all night. He
and Craig slept together, and when Mil
ler came back with the rig at about 5:30
in the morning Craig unhitched the
horse and put him away. Riley did not
see Miller at that time.
William Craig testified to having
hired Riley to take his place in the
stable for a day and gave uncon
trovertible reasons for fixing the date
at Friday, October 9. He said that
when Miller brought the rig back Miller
stepped out of the bugggy directly in
front of him, but as he had the collar
of his coat turned up and his hat pulled
down over his eyes he could only sec. a
small portion of the mans features.
The fellow had a scar or scratch on his
right cheek. He was asked if he
could identify Miller a? the man.
"He looks very much like him." said
Craig, " "but I did not see much of his
face and I could not swear to it."
Miller was asked to put his hat on.
which he did, setting it far back on his
head.
"Pull it down over your eyes." said
Craig. "Further — now, that'|i it. Now
hold you hand over your chin so I can
just see your nose and mouth."
Miller complied and the moment h j
did so the witness exclaimed:
"I am almost positive that is the
man,"
Craig testified that the horse driven
by tho man alleged to have been
Miller mi the night of October 8 was
badly used up from hard driving and
could not be used agate for several
days. He had not seen Miller at tho
stable on the following Sunday, when
the latter claims to have hired a rig
there, although he was there attending:
to his duties all day. He was positive
Miller got no rig there on that day.
Mrs. Mary Hayes of Vallejo said shf
was awakened between 5:30 and 6
o'clock on the morning of October 10,
1*96, by an explosion. She looked out
of her window and saw through the
open kitchen door of Miller's residence,
which was next door, the flames from
a gasoline stove, which had exploded.
A moment later Miller came out into
the yard, carrying the stove. He wore
a long overcoat at the time. On th£
Sunday after the murder she heard
Miller and his wife talking In the yard.
Miller said, addressing his wife:
"I would like to go up to see Addie."
Mrs. Miller replied: "It seems to me
you take an awful lot of interest in her.
Let her get out of the trouble the way
she got into it."
On another occasion she heard Miller
tell his wife the officers were watching
him, and he "hoped they would not put
his mother in jail and feed her on bread
and water until'she told all she knew."
On cross-examination the witness tes
tified that Miller's house and that of
her mother, where he lived, were sep
arated by about twenty-five feet.
Ferdinand J- Bendel, who was report
ed to have said that Miller told him he
was obliged to kill Wilson in order to
save the property, was one of those
who "fell down" when put to the test.
George Hughes testified to a wrangle
between Miller and Mrs. Wilson while
the latter was living on the Wilson
ranch after the murder, in which Mil
ler accused his sister and niece of hav
ing caused Wilson's death, and Lily
replied:
"If the truth was known, you are the
one who shot him."
Hughes' testimony, however, is no
longer given the importance it was at
first credited with.
Mrs. Eliza Sheehan was called by the
defense. She and her two daughters
gave testimony supporting the Miller
alibi.
The defense closed with the Shee
hans, and District Attorney Devlin,
addressing the court, said twenty-five
witnesses had been examined, and that
while some of the evidence that was
exported to be produced had failed to
materialize, some strong testimony
tending to show the guilt of the prison
ers had been given, p- well as testi
mony in their defense. He wanted time
to fully consider the evidence offered
before making a motion to either com
mit the defendants or discharge them,
and he. therefore, moved that the case
be continued until 10 o'clock to
morrow morning. .
NICARAGUA CANAL
BILL CONSIDERED
i
Disposition of the House Committee
Is for Control by the Gov
ernment.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— The Nicaragua
canal bill question was considered by the
House Committee on Commerce to-day.
The Senate bill was received and read,
but no motion was made to agree to it.
The purpose of the committee had here
tofore been pretty fully matured to report
its own bill, with Government ownership
as the essential feature.
No votes were taken, but the disposi
tion of the committee was toward a
measure giving the President authority
to acquire from Nicaragua and Costa Rica
the right to build a Government canal.
Has Seven Wives.
PEORIA, 111.. Jan. 24.— Georgo Beres
ford Foyle of this city was arrested to
day at Davenport, lowa, on a bench war
rant issued at Dps Moines. He is charged
with having seven wives scattered
through the cities of this country and
Canada. His newest wife, who lives here,
left last Friday to meet her husband at
Dcs Moines. Mr. Foyle travels for a
Chicago silk house.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
GOLD FOUND ON
CLOCOHENE RIVER
New Fields Opened in
Alaska.
PROSPECTOR'S GLOWING TALE
GRAVEL BARS FLAKED WITH
YELLOW METAL.
Driven by Water From a Promising
Prospect Hole, but Will
Return to Work His
Find.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Jan. 15.— A man
has been found by S. O. Wheelock of
Juneau who has discovered gold on the
Clocoherve River, a tributary of the
Taku, aiong which for a considerable
length runs the Taku trail to Atlin.
He is P. R. McGuire, formerly a Mon
tana miner. He has been at work this
winter at the Treadwell mine, and last
summer prospected around the Taku
during June and July, the high water
months, when the snow melts most rap
idly. • 4
The latest maps issued by the Land
Department of the Government show
this river to be named Slocoh, but on
most maps and in Alaska the name is
Clocohene. The river is about, fifty
miles long and heads up into a lake of
considerable size and of the same name.
This lake is only about ten miles from
the lower end of Atlin. The Indians
have a summer trail up the Clocohene,
and as it is much shorter than up the
Silver Salmon and down Pike River it
is thought this will be the trail next
summer. The Clocohene comes in al
most opposite the Inklin, which, with
the Nakina. forms the Taku River. The
present trail goes up the Nakina to the
Silver Salmon. Water drove McGuire
out of his prospect hole, but he is go
ing to try it again this winter while
all the fresh water in Alaska is asleep
in its valley cradles. Mr. McGuire
said:
'The trouble about prospecting those
bars in the summer time is the water.
If you sink a hole and leave it, for in
stance, half an hour you will find it full
of water. You can't see where it
comes from, except that it must come
from the ground, and you may be half
a mile away from the stream. Some
prospecting has been done up the Taku,
but nearly everybody has gone to the
right up the Inklin River. Last sum
mer I thought I would go to the left
and so followed up the Clocohene. I
went to work on a bar and got from 100
to 150 colors to the pan. I aid n«t get
to bedrock on account of the water. I
am going up there this winter and try
it in a different way. Two of us ex
pect to start up the Taku in about ten
days and prospect along that way. We
are going up the Clocohene instead of
the Silver Salmon, and will take horso?.
I am, going to rut woodjt build a fite on
the Clocohene, thaw out the ground and
go down to bedrock. If we find pay
dirt at bedrock we can drift, and in the
winter time the water does not bother
us."
Some Germans found a promising
prospect last season up on a creek
which empties into the Inklin. While
there has always been some travel by
the Taku trail to the interior, and chief
ly by Indians, the crowds that are go
ing in that way are expected to find
new placer diggings in that section.
Pioneer prospectors and citizens of Ju
neau have always expected something
to be found up the Taku. One hundred
to ir>o colors to the pan means 2 or 3
cents, and it is generally considered
among miners a very encouraging sur
face prospect.
DEBATE ON ARMY
REORGANIZATION BILL
Final Vote on^the Measure Will Be
Taken Next Tuesday After
noon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The debate
on the army reorganization bill opened
In the House to-day under an agreement
by ■which the general debate is to run
fifteen hours, exclusive of three night
sessions, the final vote to be taken not
later than 3 o'clock next Tuesday. Prac
tically three propositions are before the
House, the House bill providing for a
standing army of 100.000 men: the minor
ity substitute increasing the standing
army to 30. 000 men and lodging with the
President discretionary power to call out
50,000 volunteers for emergency service and
a proposition to continue temporarily the
regular army at its present war strength—
C 2.000 men. Tt is also understood that
Marsh iR.t t.f Illinois will champion the
Miles bill. Among the supporters of the
majority bill there are those who, like
MeClellan (D.) of New York, a son of
General George B. McClellan, favor a
provision for a general staff made up of
officers of the line, so as to make the
army organization responsible to a single
head. The fate of the measure is still
considered doubtful, although Chairman
Hull and his friends profess great confi
dence in its passage. The debate to-day
was not exciting.
TRIAL OF GENERAL
EAGAN BEGINS TO-DAY
Will Probably Plead Not Guilty, and
Then Urge That His Lan
guage Was Justifiable.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— General Mer
ritt and most of the members of the
court-martial which will hear the charges
against general Eagan are In the city.
The court meets at the Ebbitt House to
morrow morning, and it Is not expected
that more than two or three days will be
ii. i essafy to complete its work.
General Eagan will plead not guilty in
a general way. and then he probably will
enter the plea of Justification. This ac
tion is customary in cases of this char
acter, but it rests with the court alone
whether or not the plea will he allowed.
It ifl not likely that it will be denied Gen
oral Eagan.
Judge Advocate Davis said to-day that
he expects to hnve no difficulty in prov
ing that General Eagan made the state
ment in the specifications before Che War
Commission, even If he cannot produce
the original <ype-written statement read
by the accused or obtain one of the copies
of it given out by General Eagan.
"The War Commissioners have ears,"
said he. "and heard the statement read."
Colonel Davis said that he would call
very few witnesses, because there is no
necessity for a large number.
Preparations for Patti's Wedding.
LONDON, Jan. 24.— Elaborate prepara
tions are being made at Craig-y-nos and
at Brecon, South Wales, to celebrate the
marriage to-morrow of Mme. Adelina
Patti to Baron Cederstrom. Mme. Pattl
gave a dinner to a large number of her
neighbors this evening, and later sang and
took part in a pantomime show as Pen
elope.
Honored by Stanford Seniors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 24.-
The senior class held a meeting for the
election of officers for this semester.
Ralph Arnold of Pasadena was elected
president: A. H. Suzzallo, vice-president:
Miss Francis Wolfenbarger, secretary; F.
S. Fisher, treasurer.
ANXIETY AS TO
HAWAII BILL
I
Poor Prospect for Island
Legislation.
CROWDED BY OTHER MATTERS
CHINESE IMMIGRATION CAUSES
APPREHENSION.
Since the Decision of the Supreme
. Court of Hawaii the Subject
Is Left ' All in a
Jumble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON Jan. 24.— The sup
porters in the Senate of the bill for the
government of the Hawaiian Islands as
a territory of the United States are
growing somewhat anxious over the
prospect. In view of the crowded con
dition of the calendar and the apparent
indifference toward Hawaiian legisla
tion, they express the fear that the bill
may not receive attention before ad
journment, and they say if it does not
there will be a most perplexing condi
tion of affairs in the islands, which be
came a part of the Union by the adop
tion of the Newlands resolution in
July last.
The decision of the Supreme Court of
Hawaii in the matter of the landing of
Chinese immigrants in the islands is
the immediate cause of the present ap
prehension. The full text of this de
cision has now been received in Wash
ington and it is found to be very far
reaching in its effect. It deals not only
with the landing of Chinese in Hawaii,
but also incidentally lays down the
doctrine that it is, as a court, without
jurisdiction in construing laws of the
United States dealing with other than
the Chinese immigration question.
Discussing this phase of the Ha
waiian question Senator Cullom, who
has charge of the general bill, said to
day that the decision left the people
of the islands in a most unsatisfactory
predicament.
"They do not know where they
stand," he said, "nor what to depend
on in the enforcement of the law. Im
portant legal questions are likely to
arise at any time, and naturally the
Hawaiians want to know where they
stand."
Continuing:. Senator Cullom said he
would call up the Hawaiian bill as soon
as there seemed any possibility of get
ting consideration, but so long as the
peace treaty maintained Hr present
position it was impossible for him to
say when this would be.
Inquiry develops the fact that there
would be opposition to the Hawaiian
bill in Its present shape, and some
Senators hesitate to act in this matter
until there are further developments
with reference to Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines. There is a feeling
among Senators of this class that any
legislation In the interests of Hawaii
will be taken as a precedent for the
other islands, and that hence the Ha
waiian question should he postponed
until the legislation for all the new ac
quisitions can be considered together.
The Hawaiian advocates contend,
however, that that territory constitutes
a class of its own. and they are urging
action at the present session as a right
which Hawaii can assert now regard
less of any other section. They con
tend that the Chinese decision accen
tuates this right and makes the ques
tion one of such weight that it cannot
be postponed. The point is made that
under the decision of the Hawaiian
court it could not take cognizance of
the questions arising under our consti
tution nor of admiralty cases, and
hence great confusion is probable until
our laws are extended to the islands.
Father Hynes 111.
WOODLAND, Jan. 24.— Father J. J.
Hynes. for many years pastor of the
Catholic church In this city, is In the
Sisters' Hospital In Sacramento and his
friends nrp much alarmed on account of
his condition.
Deputy County Clerk Resigns.
WOODLAND. Jan. 24.— Deputy County
Clerk V. A. Fenner. now in San Fran
cisco, has forwarded his resignation to
County Clerk Duncan, having accepted a
lucrative position In San Francisco.
••-._•' .. •■ ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ■•■■,.■/.•-:•••:•; 'r,:^
ARE YOU A VICTIM OF DRUGS?
! ; Read in This Your Own Story. . ...It Is the Story of
:.', Thousands Who Have Been Rescued From the Drug Habit.
Since childhood we have been taught to consult a doctor JtL^_jJ^
when we felt sick. It is all very proper. A doctor of mcdi- «**^ i«^ . pwj >
cine should be a protection against disease. . . . There are S3&*\ \\f\f*t(\¥\ jH^PIT Wi
times, however, when medicine and all the efforts of the best li^ l/wvlWI l/vvvllll I
doctors fail to remove the ailment. Temporary, ■ benefit re- m !&£■ fl
suits from a certain dose, but the next dose must be heavier, fßlßlltlTKy^ fl OUwV/fCI llul Ws' I
and so on, until drugs produce no more effect. Then it is v^pjts|||gij| P - 1 H I
They Cannot Cure You. 'Tp^ifc 1 "^ r ' mQ
Your disease is of the nerves, and the stomach, through MufuMsßrm S&a ■I I Si Hi S**
which the nerves are stimulated, is almost paralyzed from the MeSH BD J^^HhwlH^^^^^ * '
use of drugs. It is weak, your nerves are* weak, your whole - '•'■ ffiUJSf^ Jjf^^BMJP^E§JBIg^^MB 1 ' • - raf
body is weak; you are almost' a nervous wreck; you get dizzy, MM Pjpf^| wM^ T^^^^^^Sk^Sj 1^- ''•'■ '
faint spells; your back aches; your legs wobble under you; your JSBroPfi i®^s^ '! iLI-Jv^^^ffi^Bw^^^^^ •
sleep is broken; your strength is exhausted; your brain is mac- :jßßSj|Mvij VV^^^f """"""^ ■ i= ~~ "\ "Wrl'' -^-^5^
I Have Help for Such as You. ■Hi ill"~" llwi^fiP
." For thirty years I have made a study of such cases. I have seen the utter failure of drugs, and knowing their . useless-
ness, I decided many years ago to treat with Electricity. I perfected my now famous Electric Belt far the purpose of giv-
ing nerve life to the nerves, food to the tissues and cleanliness to the stomach. By my method I have caused over 10,000
cures during the past five years. I have a little book, "Three Classes of Men," which explains my system. It is free. Call
or write for it. It will be worth many hundreds of dollars to you. -'/.-.'/'' >.; \
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, corn^^^r^isco. not in drug stores.
Mont., ,110 North JMainstieet. . . - - ■■ '..'/,• —^— —  .:: ■ ! ■ — : ■■■■ ■ . -
FUGITIVE YOUNG
STILL AT LARGE
Vain Search for the Al
leged Firebug.
HIS WIFE ILL IN PRISON
REFUSES TO PARTAKE OF FOOD
OR MEDICINE.
Asserts That She Is Being Perse
cuted and That She Cares
Not What Is Done
With Her.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 24.— The flight of
Henry Young, the alleged firebug of
Tiburon, and the arrest of his wife,
Mrs. Augusta Young, on a charge of
arson, form the sole topic of conversa
tion in this city and the place where the
crime was committed. There are few
who do not also criticize in unmeasured
terms the reduction of the missing
man's bail and the suspicious circum
stances attending the affair.
Both in San Francisco and in Ala
meda, where Albert C. Walsshow, the
defendant's brother in law, resides, the
police have descriptions of Young and
are endeavoring to discover his where
abouts. Constable Lewis Hughes went
to the metropolis in quest of him to
day, but nothing in the way of a clew
regarding his hiding place has yet ap
peared. It is believed by the authori
ties that Young intended to stand trial
until the evidence of his wife's alleged
complicity was published in The Call.
Mrs. Young lay in bed in her cell all
day, playing the role of martyr. She
refused a pillow on which to lay her
head, and even while admitting that
she was cold on the previous night
would not state whether or not addi
tional blankets would be welcome. She
told Sheriff Taylor that the last thing
she ever expected of her husband was
to desert her.
"Don't let anybody come to see me,"
she requested; "I am disgraced and
don't care if I am sent to San Quentin.
If they let me out of here it will be
only two days until I do something to
make them place me back again." |
The pretty little prisoner is suffering
from a slight attack of la grippe, but
would accept no medicine to relieve
herself. She ate nothing all day. but
announced her intention to partake of
good meals to-morrow in order to be
strong enough to stand the preliminary
examination next Thursday. Delicate
and apathetic as she is. this little wo
man can "show her teeth" at times.
"I will eat heartily to-morrow," she
declared, with face set and hardened
as she rose on one elbow, "and I will
go before those Tiburnn people and
show them my scorn. They are per
secuting me, but they shall see that
for them I have only a feeling- of unut
terable contempt."
SUPPORT OF PROPOSED
ANTARCTIC EXPLORATION
Berlin Statesmen Think That Ger-
many. Great Britain and the
United States Should
Act Together.
BKRLIX. Jan. 4.— The Minister of the
Interior, Count Pcsadowski-Wehner. in
the course of the debate on the Home Of
fice estimates in the Reichstag to-day,
said that Prince Hohenlohe, the imperial
Chancellor, was prepared to support the
proposed Antarctic exploration. If the
expedition proposed starting in 1901 the
Minister said a decision on the subject
must speedily be taken in regard to grant
ing funds from the imperial treasury, as
it will take two years to construct a ship,
whose cost will be about 1,000,000 marks.
Count Posadowski-Wehner also ex
pressed the belief that Germany, the
United States and Great Britain should
act conjointly in the matter.
Salmon in Monterey Bay.
MONTEREY, Jan. 24.— Tho exception
ally large run of sardines In this bay of
late 'has brought in large numbers of sal
mon whose prey the sardines are. These
fine fish are so plentiful in the bay. and
especially about the Monterey fishing
grounds, that they are being caught from
the different in wharves with hook and
line, and every morning for the past
week fishing boats have come in with big
catches. Large quantities of both salmon
and sardines are being daily shipped to
San. Francisco and other markets. The
report comes here from Moss Landing
that for the first time in twenty years
salmon are running up the Salinas River.
This is regarded by the Monterey fisher
men as a phenomenon:
CATS DIED AFTER
EATING THE BEEF
Meat Supplied the Army Was More
Than Ponce Felines Could
Stand.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— Major Rufus
M. Townshend, commissary of subsist
ence, U. S. V., testified before the War
Investigating Commission . to-day that he
had constantly inspected the kitchens and
supplies and said that both the refriger
ated and canned beef were good. He had
never heard of chemical treatment of the
beef until he heard of it in the news-
papers. »»■».*« ♦>,«
General Beaver announced that the
commission had received from Major Gen
eral Miles several cans of roast beef for
warded to him by Captain Bean of Bat
tery C, from Phoenixville. Pa who is
quoted as having said that m Ponce cats
to whom he had fed this same beef had
died, from eating it. The cans had been
received from the express company in
General Miles's office in the presence of
Major Mills, the recorder of the commis
sion, who certified as to their identity.
One can was opened and its appearance
and taste produced a favorable impression
on the members of the commission, who
inspected and sampled it. The cans were
then sent to a Government chemist for
analysis.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Colonel Chittenden's Reservoir Pro-
ject Finds Favor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.-The de
mand was so great for the report of Col
onel Hiram M. Chlttenden on surveys for
reservoir sites that the first edition has
been entirely exhausted. A second edi
tion of 3000 copes is now being printed.
Those who want a copy should make their
application at once to some member or
Congress. This is the report in which It
was recommended that the Federal Gov
ernment should build storage reservoirs
as part of its policy of internal improve
ment to reinforce the natural flow of
streams, the Federal Government reserv
ing control of the reservoir and making
no charge for the use of the water, but
allowing it to be distributed under the
laws of the State. George H. Maxwell of
San Francisco, who is in Washington as
a representative of the Irrigation Con
gress says an effort will be made to get
from this Congress an appropriation to
build one of the reservoirs surveyed by
Colonel Chittenden. A number of v\ estern
Senators, especially Senator Warren of
Wyoming and the California Senators,
are much interested in the matter and
will use every effort to secure the appro
priation.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows:
California— Edmond Daly. Mnnterey, miners'
pick: Benjamin F. F. Oilman, San Francisco,
apparatus for working frozen auriferous earth;
John D Harvey. San Francisco, linotype or
line-casting machine; Robert Schlegel, San
Francisco, assignor of one-halt to J. Bauman,
paddle wheel.
Oregon— Edora V. Anderson, van pierack;
Uston H. Hopkins. Rosedale, weeder.
Washington— Rudolf Sperbes, Seattle, station
indicator; Andrew Thompson, Tacoma, dredg
ing machine.
I. Wertheimer was to-daf appointed
postmaster at the Geysers. Sonoma Coun
ty. California, vice R. N. Curry, resigned.
Pensions for Caltfornians: Original—
William Reese, Veterans' Horihe, Napa.
$8; Henry Zook, Soldiers' Home, Los An
feles, $10; Err Scoville, Alhambra, $6;
amuel B. Simmons, Compton. $6. In
crease—Joseph Hyde. Stockton. $R to $12;
Eugene. Callahan, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $8 to $12.
Oregon: Original— Levi S. Harper. Jack
sonville. $8. Additional— Daniel J. Slover,
Oregon City. $6 to $10.
Washington: Original— Ozro B. Forbes,
Xew Whatcom, $6. Increase— George W.
Olney, Seattle, $6 to $8. i.
Abalone Fishing at Monterey.
MONTEREY, Jan. 24. — The Japanese
fishing company of this place has begun
a new line, of Industry of late and is mak
ing considerable money out of it. The
fishermen have set up a camp on Carmel
Bay, about six miles from Monterey, and
are employing two small boats" crews in
catching abalones. The Japanese are es
pecially successful at this, as they have
several expert divers, who spend most of
their time in the water diving for the
deep sea abalone. They can the abalonc
meat and sell the shells to curio dealers.
Often small pearls of some value are
found, in the shells, and these are shipped
to Japan, where they find a ready market.
Carmel Bay is full of the finer kind of
abalones and fhe catches are always good
on that ground.
More Dunham Suspects.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 24.— The Sheriffs office
Is beingr deluged with letters and photo
graphs of Dunham suspects. Two arrived
to-day, one from the Sheriff of I>a Junta
Colo., and the other from N. P. Miller at
Clark, S. D. The photographs make it
plain that neither suspect is the man
•wanted. Sheriff Langford is still in a
quandary about the Burlingrton. la., sus
pect. Earl Parr is due from lowa on any
train now. When he has been seen it will
be determined whether it is necessary to
send a man to Burlington or not to iden
tify the man. The officers are not so
strong in their hopes that he is the man
as they were a week ago.
FACTS DISPROVE
INQUEST VERDICT
Mystery Still Cloaks
Bragger's Death,
OFFICIALS ARE NOT ACTIVE
CONTENT TO AGBEE WITH THE
CORONER'S JT7RY.
Old Ferryman Said to Have Died of
Natural Causes, but the Cir
cumstances Indicate
Murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX ANDREAS, Jan. 24.— The death
of Jacob Bragger at Reynolds Ferry on
Sunday night is still shrouded in mys
tery. An inquest was held last even
ing at the scene of the possible crime,
and a verdict of death from natural
causes brought in. At this point the
officials rest. An examination of the
body and premises was made by The
Call correspondent, and there seems to
be more reason in the theory of murder
than in that of natural death. The
blow on top of the head is in such a
position that it would have been almost
impossible to be inflicted by a fall un
less the body were precipitated over a
precipice. Th* body was discovered in
a position that would be perfectly
natural for one to fall into after having
been struck on the head.
That the old man feared violent death
is evident. He had expressed such a
fear to his nieces, Mrs. Carrie Sherman
of Chicago and Miss Minnie Turner of
St. Louis, who had visited him at the
time of the Midwinter Fair. The ladies
had told of this fear while visiting a
neighbor.
The murder theory is strengthened
by the fact that two old-fashioned caD
and ball pistols and a muzzle-loading
shotgun were found within easy reach
of Bragger as he lay upon his bed.
The old man must have had money
on the premises, as he owned a vine
yard and manufactured a large quan
tity of wine each season. This he re
tailed, and as he had carried on this
business for a number of years and
was never known to send money to a
bank, he must have had a large sum in
hidin. . The officials in searching the
house found but $8 35 In coin and about
$10 in gold dust.
No autopsy will he held to ascertain
whether death resulted from natural
causes or concussion of the brain,
which the blow causing the wound on
the top of the head could have pro
duced
CONCERT ENLIVENED
THE CREMATION
Belatives of the Late Mme. Henri
Paquet Adopt a Distinct
Innovation.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xeir Y<->rk
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599. by James Gor
don Benn«ft.
PARIS, Jan. 34.— The cremation of Mme.
Henri Paquet at Fere la Chaise Crema
tory yesterday, has made some stir
on account of an innovation in connection
with it.
In general this ceremony is rather
dreary for mourners who have to wait in
an adjoining 1 room while the body is be
ing incinerated. In order to make the
time pass more cheerfully in this case the
relatives of the deceased lady engaged a
small orchestra, directed by M. Danbe.
formerly with the Opera. Comique. The
little concert given was a perfect success.
M. T'anbe, according to the papers, was
warmly congratulated.
Irrigation Plant Tested.
WOODLAND. Jan. 24.— Gibson & Clan
ton to-day tested an irrigation plant
which they have just completed. It has a
capa-city of 500 gallons a minute and will
irrigate twenty acres a day. At a depth
of 155 feet they found water in abundance.
The plant is for private use.
Killed in a Freight Wreck.
DUBUQUE, lowa, Js^i. 24.— A collision
between two Chicago and Great Western
freight trains at North Hanover. 111., to
day resulted In the death of Engineer
Alexander Thompson. Fireman Michael
Devereaux and Brakeman Vanderburg.
The wreck was caused by a misunder
standing of orders.REBELS OF ECUADOR
ARE BADLY BEATEN
Four Hundred Killed and Three Hundred
Wounded During a Battle With
Government Troops.
O PANAMA, Colombia, Jan. 24. — Latest dispatches from the Her- O
© aid's correspondent at Guayaquil, Ecuador, report that a sanguinary Q
O battle took place yesterday between revolutionists and government O
O forces at San Ancaja. The fighting was desperate all day, the ad- ©
O vantage remaining finally with the government's army. O
O The losses on both sides were heavy. More than 400 men were O
O killed and 300 were wounded. Four hundred insurgents were taken O
O prisoner?. The rest of the defeated rebels fled toward the province O
O of Bolivar, hotly pursued by the victorious troops of President O
O Alfaro. °
O NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— News of a decisive engagement between the O
O forces of the revolutionists and government troops has been expected O
O f<-r some days. A recent special cable dispatch to the Herald from O
O Panama stated that rebels, representing the Clerical party, deter- O
O mined to overthrow the Alfaro administration, had invaded Ecuador Q
O from Colombia, and that an engagement was looked for at Talcan, O
O on the frontier. O
o --•-' o
oooooooooooooooooooooocooooooooooo
SUPREMACY
TO BE
ASSERTED
Continued from First Page.
ties, hence they feel confident in the
future.
Many of the Filipino officers complain
of alleged discourteous treatment upon
the part of Americans at Manila.
AGONCILLO POSES AS
A FILIPINO PROPHET
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— 1n a com
munication to the Secretary of State
■to-day Senor Agoncillo calls attention
to the fact that on January 11 he ad
sed a letter to him upon the ques
tion of recognition, forwarding with it
a memorandum demonstrating that, ac
cording to all American precedents, the
Philippine republic was entitled to
irnition, and in the same letter In
vited the attention of the Secretary to
the present strained conditions at Man
ila, where over-zeal on either side
might create a condition resulting in
grievous loss of life, and urging the
necessity of an early and frank com
munication between the representatives
of the two countries. He further calls
attention to the fact that since his let
ter was written the very circumstances
"he feared have brought the two coun
tries to the edge of war, and says tliat
: the language used by him was so pro-
phetii'. that subsequent facts have am
ply justified its emp' yment. He now
desires to call the attention of the Sec
retary to certain conditions which, in
his opinion, require immediate allevia
tion. There are, he says, at the present
time, 20,000 American troops at Manila
controlling a population of about 300,-
A number of war vessels are sta
• tkmed in the harbor, and many other
American men-of-war and transports
■ire to be found within the archipelago,
although the actual possession of the
.American troops extends over not to
, exceed 143 square miles out of more
'•i- tfea.n 200,000.
•.:". Despite the enormous forces now in
this extremely circumscribed area, "We
. -arf informed through the public prints
:that other vessels of war have been
: .ordered from distant parts of the globe
vt' v reinforce those now among the isl
;■■';• ands in question, while a few days ago
a- transport sailed from New York City
,-. ••;■" carrying about 2000 soldiers, and hay-
Ving Manila as a destination, and as we
are further informed regiments of
'.'■': troops are under orders to proceed by
way of San Francisco to the Philip
pines. The public prints inform us that
an attack is contemplated upon the
. Philippine Islands; the islands to be
taken in detail, the smaller ones first,
tht? larger ones blockaded so that they
.may not assist those first attacked."
He says it is naturally the impression
of his government and people that these
"warlike preparations indicate existing
nr immediate military operations in the
Orient, and they readily conceive that
It must be contemplated that such oper
ations are to be leveled at the existing
government of the Philippines.
"As the representative of the Phil
ippine government," he continues, "I
tate to give acceptance to this idea,
ter I cannot believe that there is any
present or future difficulty between the
American and Philippine governments
. justifying warlike activity."
He points out the fact that but lately
tlie United States and Philippine gov
ernments have been associated in a.
'.-.conflict against a common enemy, the
United States accomplishing its purpose
•by the expulsion of Spain from the
'.•W«B.t Indies, while the desire of the
Philippine republic has been practically
attained by the almost complete ex
pulsion of the Spanish from the Philip
pine Islands; the Philippine govern
ment now holding as prisoners of war
between 9000 and 10,000 Spanish soldiers
and the Spanish possessing only a few
small garrisons in isolated points of
minor importance. He is therefore un-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medioal Institut) Discovers a
Bemarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
■■ • Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
•years against the mental and physical
guff-erlng of lost manhood that the insti-
tute" has decided to distribute free trial
"packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
: any foiin of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
tnemselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
:in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. 193 First National Bank
building, Fort Wayne Ind.. stating that
. you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
" proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
•tnbarrassment or publicity. Readers are
to write without delay. '
able to conceive any reason why the
armies and navies of the United States,
lately employed against a common
enemy, should be turned against
America's recent associate.
The United States, he says, has no
active enemy in the Orient, having
proclaimed an armistice with Spain. It
is true, he continues, that Spain has
undertaken to convey to the United
States its alleged claim against the
Philippines, a claim which Spain -was
not capable of enforcing and whfeh
never found its origin in the consent of
the people of those islands. He in
quires: "Are my government and peo
ple to be left to suppose that it is be
cause of some desire on the part of the |
American Government to enforce I
against its late associate this exploded
claim that the United States Is massing
its forces at the late capital of the
Philippine Islands?"
He points out that the Philippines i
are in a state of order, possessing a I
government satisfactory to their in- !
habitants, and without an enemy
within their borders offering any re
sistance to its operations and at peace
with all the world. He is sure the Sec
retary of State will appreciate, in view
of the circumstances, as detailed, the
quietin^ reassuring effect upon the
minds of his countrymen to result from
a disclaimer upon the part of the
American Government of any inten
tion to attack their liberties and inde
pendence. He continues that, not- |
withstanding the difficutly he labors ;
under in not having been formally re-.
ceived, he finds it his imperative duty '
to call the attention of the Secretary to '
the disturbing facts enumerated to the ;
end that he may receive such assur- !
ances as will satisfy his Government
that it is not the intention of America '
to make war upon th<> new republic of i
Asia, and which will explain to it the !
reason why large armies and navies
phould be dispatched to the Philip
pines Islands, and which will relieve his
countrymen of the fear that now pos
sesses them, that their liberties are in
danger at the hands of a republic i
whose name they have always believed
AN HONORED CAREER
HAS REACHED ITS END
Dr. James F, Sullivan Dies at His Home
in This City*
DR. JAMES F. SULLIVAN, one of the most widely known and highly
respected physicians of this city, is dead. The end to an honorable
career came after a short illness, contracted in the physician's de
votion to duty. Something over a month ago Dr. Sullivan, while ill
himself, received an ur- ?nt call from a patient. The physician re
sponded. He ministered to his patient until danger was over, and then re
turned to his home to a bed of dangerous illness, which he never left
alive. Pneumonia was added to a complication of diseases, and yesterday
morning the physician, surrounded by his wife and children, expired.
Everything possible had been done but without avail. Drs. Henry Gib
bons, Pawlicki, Kerr, Cheney and Stillman were called in, but their ser
vice^ were in vain. The dying physician was past the point of revival,
and early yesterday morning the end came. Dr. Sullivan will be buried
from his late home, 1105 Van Ness avenue, to-morrow morning. Funeral
services will be held at 10 o'clock at St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
high requiem mass will be celebrated. Interment will be at Calvary Ceme
tery.
In an Honored life of over twenty-four years in this city Dr. Sullivan
earned the friendship and the well wishes of thousands of men and women.
He was known pre-eminently as the physician of the poor, as it was said
of him that he gave his marked abilities to the poor and never took a
poor man's money. The dead physician was born on May 18, 1838, at i:ox
bury, Massachusetts. His father was the owner of one of the largest paper
manufactories in Massachusetts, and for a time owned the only establish
ment of its sort in New England.
<s>
<s>
<s>
<s>
<•>
<$>
<s>
<•>
<S>
<v
♦
<§>
<S>
<!>
<?>
4>
<S>
<?>
<s>
Dr. Sullivan graduated with honors from Harvard University. He then
spent three years of a post-graduate course in the colleges and hospitals
of London, Paris and Dublin. It was his purpose to devote five years to Euro
pean study, but the Civil War broke out and he deemed it his duty to re
turn to his native country at once. In 1562 he returned to Boston and
enlisted as surgeon of the Ninth Massachusetts Regiment with the Army
of the Potomac.
Dr. Sullivan passed' with distinguished service through the War of the
Rebellion. He was in twenty-seven battles, and became, in honor of his
heroism, a surgeon major. Surgeon General Dale of the Federal army de
clared that the young physician had served with credit to himself and
honor to his State. At the conclusion of the war Dr. Sullivan went to
Chicago, where he practiced his profession for eleven years. In 1875 he
came to this city with a hope that a change would benefit the health of
his wife.
Since 1875 Dr. Sullivan practiced his profession continuously in this
city. He was esteemed as one of tne most conservative and learned phy-
Bicians in the State. Time and again he was offered posts of honor in local
hospitals and colleges, but invariably declined, as he preferred to give his
undivided attention to his practice. Dr. Sullivan leaves a wife and five
children— three sons and two daughters. One of the sons Is Dr. William
N. Sullivan, who has already won the reputation of being one of the most
promising of the younger physicians of the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
was associated with freedom and to
which they first came for recognition.
He expresses his gratitude to Amer
ica for services rendered and hopes that
friendly relations may continue and
urges the importance of an immediate
answer.
LONDON JUNTA TRIES
TO AVOID HOSTILITIES
LONDON, Jan. 24.— The Filipino
Junta here to-day received a cable mes
sage from Agoncillo, Aguinaldo's rep
resentative at Washington, declaring
that the prospects were improving,
though the work was difficult.
The absence of direct news from Ma
nila and the receipt of secret intelli
gence from Washington is causing the
gravest anxiety among the Filipinos
here. The arrests of Filipinos by Major
General Otis and the news that num
bers of Filipinos have fled is regarded
as a most serious occurrence. It is
pointed out by the Filipinos that this
is exactly what happened in 1896 under
General Blanco, when the Filipinos, on
the following day, attacked the Span
iards and the revolution broke out.
Members of the Filipino junta in this
city say they are so anxious to avert
war that they are cabling Manila to
day urging the Filipinos "not to start
hostilities if there is the remotest pos
sibility of averting trouble."
SPANIARDS SLAUGHTERED
ON ISLAND OF BALABAC
LABUAN. British Borneo, Jan. 24.—
The steamer Labuan, Captain Pfort,
which has arrived here, came from the
island of Balabac, thirty miles south of
Palawan, Philippine Islands, and not
from Palawan, as previously reported.
The murder of Spanish officers which
she reported occurred at Balabac. The
Labuan brought sixty- five women and
children here. They had been robbed of
everything, but otherwise had not been
ill-treated. The Sulus assisted the Bala
bacs in killing the Spanish officers. The
Spaniards left Palawan, where the na
tives were fearful of the Sulus. Stores
had been looted, business was at a
standstill, and the natives were armed
and ready for mischief.
A dispatch frpm Madrid on January 3
said General Rlos, the Spanish com
mander in the Philippines, had cabled
from Manila confirming the report that
all the Spaniards at Balabac had been
massacred with the exception of the
women, whose release was being asked
for.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Mail of London telegraphed from
Madrid the same day that in the rebel
lion at Balabac Naval Lieutenant Bel
lamy was beheaded and that the rebels
also murdered a doctor and several
other Europeans. A gunboat was also
said to have fired on the rebels. Its
commander was unable to effect the re
lease of the women.
SICK AND MAIMED
PRISONERS RELEASED
MADRID, Jan. 24.— A dispatch from
Hongkong to the Reforma of this city
■ays a letter received from the Philip
pine Islands, under date of January 20,
announces that the rupture between
the Filipinos and the Americans is an
accomplished fact, and that the lives of
the Spaniards in the Archipelago are
endangered.
The Minister of War, General Corriea,
has received a cable dispatch from Gen
eral Rios, the Spanish commander in
the Philippines, announcing that all the
sick and maimed civilians and military
prisoners were released by the Filipinos
to-day. The general added that he
hoped the remainder of the prisoners
will be liberated shortly.
SENATORS ARGUE ON
THE TREATY OF PEACE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The Senate
resumed consideration of the peace
treaty in executive session to-day. The
Berry resolution for the consideration
of the treaty in open session was voted
down without a rollcall.
Probably the most significant occur
rence of the session was the banter
upon the question of a final vote upon
the treaty itself. Senators Gorman and
Vest, both of whom oppose ratification,
urged the Importance of getting a vote
at no very distant day. Senator Gor
man, in a brief but earnest address,
said that much had been said by the
friends of ratification as to the neces
sity of disposing of the subject without
any great delay. He agreed with them
on that point, and if they were in ear
nest he felt that a vote might be reach
ed within ten days.
Senator Vest joined to Gorman's ap
peal and urged Davis to name a day
and an hour when the vote could be
taken.
"We want it understood distinctly,"
he said, "that we are not holding the
treaty up at all. Name the day. We
will agree to any date that will suit
you. If you have the vote you can
ratify your treaty; if not, it will be
defeated. The question will be disposed
of and the Senate can proceed with
other business."
"Let us vote now," responded Sena
tor AldricH, who had just entered the
chamber after a visit to his home in
Rhoq> Island. "We ought to be ready
to vote in fifteen minutes."
Senator Davis replied, however, that
the question of fixing A day for the
vote had not been considered by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and
that he would not feel justified in as
suming such a responsibility upon his
own authority until supported by the
action of his committee. He promised
to bring the matter to the attention of
the commltttee at its next session.
The principal speeches of the general
debate were made for the treaty by
Senators Teller and Frye and by Sena
tor Hoar in opposition. Senator Frye's
remarks were a sharp criticism of the
opposing Senators and it was so pointed
that it brought Senator Hoar to his
feet for a somewhat acrimonious reply.
Frye dwelt at some length upon the
conditions under which the treaty had
been formulated, and also referred to
the situation in the Philippines, inti
mating that the opposition to ratifica
tion was the principal source of en
couragement to the Filipinos in their
present attitude toward the United
States. Hoar defended the course of
the opposition. Disagreeable as it was,
he said, to arouse the ill-will of his
brother Senators, that condition was
preferable to plunging the country into
a position that might be of untold con
sequence to the whole nation.
Teller replied to Hoar, saying the op
position were responsible for the con
tinuation of the state of war and point
ing out various probable results in the
way of loss of prestige and power in
case the United States should fail to
take advantage of the opportunity
which It afforded to assert her rightful
place as one of the nations of the world,
of commanding and paramount in
fluence.
IMPARCIAL'S IDtA
OF THE SITUATION
MADRID, Jan. 24.— The Imparcial to
day says: All the intelligence from the
Philippine Islands shows that the
Americans recognize their inability to
overcome the insurgents in the island
of Luzon and the Yisayas. The Fili
pinos understand that the Americans
wish to tyrannize over them and ex
ploit them as the Spaniards never did.
The Americans intended to exercise
their power merely at the important
posts, but they are already convinced
that such a domination would not be
efficacious. They would be constantly
fighting the insurgents and the latter
would soon put an end to the Ameri
cans, as the Filipinos have on their
side not only bullets, but the climp.te
and the enormous expenditure which
the situation will entail on the Ameri
cans. This explains Washington's de
sire to first get the treaty of Paris
voted and then open negotiations with
the rebel chiefs in order to see if Agui
nalda and his colleagues will consent
at least to accept an American pro
tectorate with self.-government.
TWO NOTABLE SPEECHES
ON EXPANSION POLICY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— Two nota
ble speeches were delivered in the
Senate to-day, one by Lodge of Massa
chusetts and the other by Clay of
Georgia. While the twu Senators dif
fered dimetrically as to the policy of
expansion, upon which they dwelt, both
are in favor of the immediate ratifica
tion of the pending peace treaty. They
contend that once the treaty is ratified,
Congress will have full power to deal
with conditions respecting the territory
acquired during the war with Spain
and not before. Lodge particularly
argued for a formal declaration of
peace, which could be had only by the
ratification of the treaty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard. '
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
The Remedy Can Be Given in Tea,
Coffee or Food, Thus Absolutely
and Secretly Curing the Pa-
tient in a Short Time
Without His Knowl-
edge.
This cure for Drunkenness has shed a radi-
ance Into thousands of hitherto desolate fire-
sides. It does its work so silently and surely
that while the devoted wife, sister or daughter
looks on, the drunkard is reclaimed even
against his will and without his knowledge or
co-operation. The discoverer of this grand
remedy, Dr. Haines, will send a sample of the
remedy free to all who will write for it. Enough
of the remedy is mailed free to show how it is
used in tea, coffee ur food end that it will rure
the dreaded habit quietly and permanently. Send
your name and address to Dr. J. W. Haines.
91S Glenn building, Cincinnati, Ohio, enclosing
six cents in stamps to cover postage and he
will mall a free sample of the remedy to you,
securely sealed In a plain wrapper, also full
directions how to use it, books and testimonials
from hundreds who have been rured, and every-
thing needed to aid you in saving those near
and dear to you from a life of degradation and
ultimate poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
I the rest of your life.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | ' ''■ THE EMPORIUM. _,
f¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥H
' . Last Week of the January Clearing Sale.
KS\[o Transaction Complete Until Customer Is Satisfied. • : - ■••■•■
j£h -j. Commencing to-day, an interesting Free Exhibition of the
/m^ /^IIIk celebrated Seven Sutherland Sisters' Hair Grower and
/M Sftl»^^Bo\ £*5\ Scalp leaner - Visit the Toilet Article Department and
jtcWM^M mwijiwvi • see the magnificent growth of hair of the ladies in attendance and
fh wISS?R yWSl'P^\^U\i secure free advice as to how .to treat the hair and scalp to obtain
I!?l^l l^^f^ll }\ Best French Mixed Candy, 25c Ib,
if, ill \mi ■(" JM a#/ day to-day (Wednesday oniy)-aii
M[\^)\W&^&^^Ji varieties— the very best that can be
made— 5 lbs to a customer.
Lively Linen Selling. ■ 90c Carpets for 65c.
Sunday's announcements brought out the crowds to the first It's a good time to buy Carpets - ,
big sale of ;th. year of Household Linen, Good assortments of now — right awav — before the - best Mb .
big sale of the year of Household Linens. Good assortments of patterns g and col( ; rs are taken. &b
these price-reduced lines await you to-day. . . A lucky chance brought about 500 ' J&L
_ . .« -r t» »- . rolls of good Tapestry Brus- ': /fflbll
Bleached Tame Lin- Q sels our way at much less than the feUL JU Mv x
ens— Choice heavy damask, 85 'M- * if*/ '• usual price. There is a fine assort-
inches wide, for specially large ] A J^>S. » ment of patterns, with borders to mj& y'^^^^l "
tables, handsomely patterned, made m. Kv^^T*\ match.' Ordinarily the carpet 'sells WJj, J^^"sM.\
to wear— sale price per*. o _ J^^^fe)- at 90c a yard. Our special January /'til
yard.. q>*-^3 '^^2/ Afi/" Sales price 65c (/Mi ■.*■¥&s?& i
■ ■ -.^^. .- ' /{%:^k^W ' ■ i AxminstorßugB-TheM-^m^Jj£^'it/HS>
Bleached Table Linen hWf/^ . , /A/ est quality, size 9x12 feet, rugs that 'igS^^ifrT^L'
—Irish flax and Irish make, a large \S)lf **** // tMl* ~ : sell regularly for $30 each, many ■*&*j l t\*\ e j*i*>'°i2^
assortment of designs in good __ jcj^^-^ ' Jvw* choice designs from which selection
— sale price per yard.... /->C /joc^fei s^zut * can be made. This week for. B *r- —
\tz"^y^ _ * .sl6*oo
Cream or Half -bleach- --.''.. r y ...................... ...."^ —^ — __ , s^
ed Table Damask— fair quality, 60 inches wide (a Week S Grocery Bargains.
W^M^^?M^^^M^:£ 35c The sale of Soap is the feature of the week. These
• are the items: '"•'-■- .'• ■■•-...•.;-'..
Dinner Nankins— bleached, German Linen— all Rex Diamond C Soap, balance of the 5000-bar lot, at 12 bars
flax, too— selveges perfectly woven, our sl.so grade *. -- ; f or ;.. : 25c
for the Clearing Sale per dozen .:........... $I,ZO Babbitt's "76" Washing Powder, regularly 10c package, for..7c
___ __ LL . ,,,,, Genuine French Castile Soap, large 25c bars, for 20c
Table Gloths— woven patterns, fine bleached double Japan ßice, W lbs for SOC [regularly 7c Ib.). ? ■
satin Damask, very select in patterns. These cloths were part Good Bourbon Whiskey, full quart 83c demijohns 630
of sets, of which the napkins have been sold— to clear them Sauterne, 5 years old, regularly 75c gallon, f0r........ ..55c
quickly the sale prices are : _ . Rock an( Rye, for colds, 95c bottles, for 75c
2x2 yard cloths $2.50 Dinner and Tea Sets.
. 2*2% yard cloths $3.25 . _^^
Toweling -for Roller 3, Dish Cloths, etc., an excellent /^^^//^^^x\ <s&S**^vVv/K J^>J r^\l
Damask Fabric, neat red border, full 18 inches wide, our miCy^l^" JFJ si A^'-\//*^Ji -M ))
12>^c yard value — cut for Clearing Sale t0.............. "C ,^^V*^^£)Mrw \]'sm£!SZ X
Toweling— Linen, full bleached, fine fabric, _, vf^Q?^ J£h *o£^W>£ \^.A"^/,|^fz_J^^)gj;
was 10c a Clearing Sale price ....''.......... /2C v^§SC^.~_ —^? , rS * y <*£iEL£?
Towels— the good frictional Turkish make, cream color, Handsome Carlsbad China Carlsbad '. China : Tea Sets,
size 24x48 inches, as 2 dozen value— while quant ity on f - % Dinner Sets, shape as in pic- same quality and style of de co-
hand lasts, the sale price each.......... 12 2 C ture , dainty floral decoration 9) l^^^f^l \
Cotton ' Towels-Bleached and Unbleached, Damask the 100-piece sets that ■ regu- • tion . The $7 sets of 44 pieces '
and Honey Comb, 150 dozen all told, all with finished sel- , n : . larly are $22.50. Now for the reduced . for . January Clearing
veges, fancy borders— Sale price per dozen. oUC set, complete. $17*20 t0.... $5.85
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
CALIFORNIA'S L^^RGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
A** A* A A A A* A 444 44444444444444444444444444444444444444444444
I do not believe there
Jws«wS|£n^ is a case of dyspep-
sia, indigestion or
SS&ff »*»*'«^Hg i cay stomach trouble
»^ B| that cannot be re-
Ma msmijSv Heved at once and
T9 '"SF'i&f^J permanently cured
V\ raT by my DYSPEPSIA
At all drnsßis'ts,
WsWslfcßffib 25c. a vial. Guide
■ f»I^WHWW^ to Health and mcdi-
I I. 'r'' cal advice free. 1505
* . •: .. . Arch street, Phila.
! DO YOU KNOW
ca _ Where to go for fine stylish cut clothes at
o x moderate prices ?
El JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
T± ■ . MAKES
«>;2 Pants to order fr0m...... ..$ 4.00 to $10.00
£2 All Wool Business Suit... . 10.00 to 35.00
o| Elegant Dressy Suit 16.00 to 40.00
x c Full Dress Suit ' 20.00 to 50.00
go- Stylish Overcoat 16.00 to 40.00
*" — ' *'■ > All goods are trimmed with best linings made
i— 2 by the best workmen and guaranteed to fit or
2 your money returned.
« 111-203 Montgomery St., cor. Bash V. .„ FR ., rT(!rA
[? 1110-1113 Market Street . . . .• J SAS rmcisc<
3 485 F»urt«ent!i Street, OAKLAND, CAL
Doctor •
m/^% ME i Y C o RS
** s^?dli\ Specialists for Men
(f^Jg "^^^^l^fvl Tlienpliyildani li*re been'
v«"i3 ' - ' ' _ rur ' n * "'■kneii and cun-
' V WA ' / ' rac '**' »>'ment» «inre 1881.
JliJxS ■ Ko Par Tiu Cnred -
'^^ V- 'Mwx t?nfortnDate nen - who c * u "
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. „ Al< FI^ E E.
. Thousands cured at home.
All iett«r» confidential. : >'o Charge for Consultation.
731 ™B«£8CO [Elevator Entrance.
PCh!che«tcr'§ Encllsh Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
JC\'.;.' Original and Only Genuine. A
j- ./Tl-*r\ mure, alwajn reliable, uDiisut H\
AvTI VJ^kM Druggist for Chichestcn Knghth D.a-M^.
• bWlkp&lg&.mond Brand In Red and Gold metallic
-OjßMboiM, scaled with blue ribbon. Take VSr
I*l V<Win o other. Rtfutt dangrrout iu&>Ci?u> V '
I" / — jfftiGnt and imitation*. At Prngifuu, or lend**.
I W ".^y In lumps for partictilarg. tectlmonlals and
- 1 V* E9 " Relief Tor Ladle*," in letter, by ret in
J^ /r Mall. 10,000 TfntimoDiiOi. ITmnt Piper.
■ Chemical Co.,Mndl«m>H(iu»r%
l»!a kj all Local Drufglsti. , - PHILA I»A.. l»Ar
"dkmcnulty.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABr.EOLD
1. Specialist cum Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. v Book on I'rlvate Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9.
' to 3 daily ; 6.3o to 8:30 ev'jfs. Sundays. 10 to 12. ConsuU
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
. P.KOSCOK McXUIiTY. M.D.
20' 2 Kearny St., »an Francisco. Cal.
f-m:i.',MW w
Oppression,' bunocdiion, Neurdgia, etc., cureu Dy
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPJC ;.. New York, E-.TOUOERA & CO.
SOLD BY . ALL DRUGGISTS."
*WVWA WW WWWWVWMWVW
! jffJfi^S' INJECTION.
If A PERMANENT CURE %
J > of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea
2 ■ and Gleet; ' fmaranwed in , from ■3.t0 ■ 6 - ;", -
i [ days ; no other treatment required. . ■■
• '•". I , •.:,...•• Sold by all druggists.'
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Z Mexican remedy ; Elves ; health - and
, strength to sexual organs. Depot.; 323. Market.
BAJXBOA7J TRAVEL.
BOfJTHKRN rAtIKIC (OJII'AXT.
(FA*mc Hunt.)
Train* learc iiml nrc due la unite fit
NAN rKAM«:iM<!O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Deo. 18, 1898. . — arrits
' '0:00 a Niks, Ban Jose »nd Way Stations . . . *»:45l
7 :0« Brulcla, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . ' Oz4sp
- ?:4Oa MarTSTllle, OroTiiletnd Redding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:OOa Elmira, VacaTllle and Rnmse; 8:43p
' 7 ::to a Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo, Naps,
. C'alistoga and Santa Rosa . 0:1
- 8:O0a Atlantic Kzpress, Ogdcn and Kast.. 8:43p
■:;iwa Ban .Jose, Llrermore, Stockton, '
lone, . Uacrauiento, Flacerrille,
MarysTllle, Chlco, J11u1f..'.... 4t|.lp
H:3oa •Milton, Oakdale and Jameetown... 4il3p
' 0:OOa Martinez, Tncj. Latbrop, block ton,
- ' Mcroed and Fresno 12:13r
■:OOa Fresno, KakersUelii. "Santa lUrliara,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East A:43p
1O:OOa VsJIeJo. Martinez and War Stations 7:43?
ItfjOOM KQes. LiTcrmore, Stockton, Sacra-
' mento, Mendota, Hanford, VlsaUa,
PcrterrlUel. ......tt. ....... 4:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento HlTer Steamers "*:OOp
4i»Or Martinez, Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Napn, Ollataga, Santa i105a...... ' U:l9a
4:O(>i- Beulcla, VacaTllle, Hacranifliito,
■ ■ Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarvsTille, Orofilir IO:4»a
4:30p Nile*, Ban Jose aud Stockton ....... 7:1
5:OOp San Francisco aud Los Angeles
' Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld, Los
Angelas 9:43 a
S:SOp Stockton, Merced, Frefiio...'. 12:13?
S:3Or Martinez, Tracy, endota, Fresno,
. Mcjaic, Santa l.arbara and I, us
Angeles... 8:134
15: OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
. Louis, Chicago and East 3J):4«"»A
o>Bop Hauta Fe Santo, Atlunllc Kxiiress
for Mojavo and East..... - 0:43p
. S:OOi> Kiiroponn Mall, (>(il«ii aud Kast.... 9:45*
•tOOp Hay wards, Klles and Han J05e. . .... 7:15 a
•U:OOi- Vullaj(> ....:. lailßp
t7«OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:43p
SiOOi- Orugou Kxpr«ss,Baor>inento, Marys-
Tille, IltMl.llnp. . l'nrtlautl, l'nget
Bound Mid Ka«t ................... 8:1»a
clO:O3> Sanjet Limited. .Fresno. Los w V
- Angeles, Xl Paso, Now Orleans
and Kast Mt—
' SAN i,KAM)K<) AMI» imWAKhS I,O(JAL.
_. (Foot of Market Street.)
■. •'" ll cl ton p, Seminary Turk, f .
«:OOa Kltclibßrir, Klmlmrxt, 6:15 a
<OiOOa San l,emii!r<> ? South San (*9:43 a
io.uma ].«»B<lrO, KutnJillo, HI:ISa
<I1:OOa ' Lorenro, Cherry • 1»:45r
3: nor . ani | . ! 1:4.1 ;■
S:OOj» lUjnard.. «3:45p
4 sOOp i Run* through to Nile*. " 4!?f
. ) t From Nlles. . ■■ I
COAST 01 VISION (Narrow (inuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) .
8:13 a Newark,Oent3r»ille,S»nJoso,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 8s3O»
•8: 1 Newark. Ceoterrllle, Saa Jose, New
. Almaden, Felton, Bonlder Creek, ' -
' Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* »JO:.1O*
4:1.1p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatoa... 9:20 a
I :-15r Hunters' Excursion, San Joss and
Way SUtlong ■ 17:90*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroßiStl rUINCISCO— root of Market Strut (Siip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. (1:00 ♦3:00 13:00
•<:O3 : -.. SB:OO>- '6:00 p.m. > . .•- ■ :
Trtm OHlUHD— root«fßra«d»»T.— "fl:oo 8:00 10:00*. M. •
112:00 '1:00 t2:00 ' *3:00 ". ti:00"' J r3:OQr.M.
COAST l»l VISION (»ro»<l Gauge). 7~~
. (Third and Towngeiid St».)
7:OOa Nan .lone hihl Way Str.tl.nn (New *
• : " Alinailen Wednesdays only) Il3O»
\ . •iOOa Han .l..«o. Trrs Vlikw, HHiitn Cruz, ' • ■ ■
Tacllic <irom, l'asu ltobles, Sun
' I. ills «»>lai><>. Quadalupe, Surf anil
I'rliicliißl Way .Station* 4slor
lOi4Oa .Inn and Way Stations »S:OOa
I lia<U San Jose ami Way .Stations ....... B>33*
■St:43rSnu Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palor Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose,
' ' (illruy, Uollistor, SanU - Cruz.
.Salinas, Monterey and Tad lie
(Jro«e ........ «IO:8«A
•UtSOp San Jose ami Way Stations •9:tlO*
•I:l5r Ssn Joseaml Principal W»y Stations 0:43 a
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a ,
' 3t3Ui- San Joso an.! Principal Way Stations 3:!l0p
O::i»r San Jose aud Way 5tati0n5......... 7t»op
t11:43r San .Tote ami Way 5tati0n5......... 7i»or
A for Morning. > 1' for Afternoon.
•Sundays except J Sundays only, ' t Saturdays only
anil Thursdays. •- aTuesday* and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays, b Thursdays and Bandars,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From Nov. 10. 189S, trains will run as follows:
Eouth-bound. ' North-bound.
Paseen- Mixed. * Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday ;. Sunday ger. ,
Dally. Exo'ptd Station!. Exc'ptd Dally.
1:10 am 10: JO am Stockton »:45pm 6:50 pm
16:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 4:03 pm
11:40 am 5:30 pra -'Fresno 9:30 am 2:23 pra
1! :S8 pm 7:45 pm Hanford " " 7:45 am 1:35 pm.
t:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:68 pm B:sopm , t Visalia 6:4o ami 1:15 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
i For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
" (Via Sausallto Kerry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday.
i Sept." 11. 1898: /■■■■■•■".: ;- ■.. ■"'■'-.■■.
Week Days— 9:So a. m.. 1:43. p. m.'
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m , 1:15 p. m. -
Round trip from Mill Valley. Jl. - -
 TKOS. COOK & SON. Acenta. 621 Mark*
street. Ban Franclieo. /• * ,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFOBNU NORTHWESTERN EL CO.
" : ; . I_, ESSES
j SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoß Ferry, Foot •(Market St. '
FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
.WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:«.
1:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trlß
at 11:30 p. m. ' Saturdays— Extra trips at I:**
and 11:30 p. ra.
EUNDAYS-8:00, 9::o. 11:00 a. m.: 1:83. *'M*
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
' B AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
'-. 8:40, 6:10 p. m. - Saturdays— Extra trips at
| 1:63 and 6:33 P. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. ta.: I:4*, I:4*.
1:00 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Pars:
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ean Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 18, '-
Week -Sun-. 1898. • Bun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days. '
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ant
t:3opm 9:3oam - Petaluma, ' 6:10 pm 10:25 am
B:10pm 6:oOpnJ Santa Rosa. 7:25pm C:22pa
» I . Fulton. • • .
fUOam Windsor. 13:15 am
Bealdsburs. . , .
■•"•'- Lytton. ■ ■ c
Geyserville,' -
>:SCpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:15 pm 6:23 p~na
■- * Hopland and
130 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35pm 633 pa
! 1:10 am ■ - " 10:25 mat
8:00 am Guerne v 111 c. 7:35 pm
»:30pm " __ «:22pn»
I:3o am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4o ana
i and
$:10pm 6:00 Glen .Ellen. 6:lopm 6:23pza
7 -.3o am 8:00 am Eebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ami
1:30 pm 6:00 pm ( 7:35 pm 6:22 pn»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdals fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan ' Sprints.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. " Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
i Springs. Blue Lakes." Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
; Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. • Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boon&Tille. Orr'sj
I Hot Springs. Mendodno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, • Willltts, Laytonville. Cum.
mine's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsea's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. ■ .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . - .
On Sundays round trip tickets to ail points
beyond Baa Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket Offices. ' 650 Market eL, Chronicle bid*.
B. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
timited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY. , .
i Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M.tha
\ following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. . .-.■". .. . • ■
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR,
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car. : :.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m FRANCISCO TICIETTiriCE— HI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONB MAIN 1531.*
Oakland Offioo— Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
, . San Jose Office— 7. West Santa Clan Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via S«uMlito Ferry. •
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. •3:30,. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:45.
3:45, 6:15. *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 'SiOO, •10.CO, »ll:30 a. m.; '1:15.
3:00. »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. •6:35, 7:43, »9:30 a. m.:
1 «12:20, 2:20, «3:45, 5:05 p. m. . '
EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. - • ' '
: SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, , •10:00, *4:55 «a. m.;
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked '• ' start from • San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
i 12:35, 2:45. 3:50,. 5:20 p. m. - ' : ..-
-'. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. " ' ■■ • ;•--.-•.•••<'
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 1:20, 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . . .. '. -
: THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 : p.m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and .'■ way
• •-: stations. . . - ;• •. .
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
I Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
56
WEDNESDAY? JANUARY 25, 1899
" JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AddressAllCommu^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-, S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER TVEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year *!?'««
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 8 months 1.80
SUNDAY CALL, one year inn
•WEEKLY CALL, one year..'... ••• a « uo
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ■■ ~Z 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlft*« H<k»«>
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE • Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 62' McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '605 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ona
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— • 'The Wizard of the Nile."
California— "A Contented Woman."
Alcazar — "Men and Women."
Tlvoll— "The Wedding Day."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Tennessee's Pardner."
Chutes and Zoo— Ptanka, the "Lady of Lion*.
Olympla — Comer Mason and Ellis Btreeti, Specialties
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Race Track— Races To-day.
Association Hall— Concert Friday evening, January 27.
Metropolitan Temple— Piano Recital Monday evening, Feb-
ruary 6-
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Wednesday, January, Jo. at 11 a.
m.. at 327 Sixth st.. Horses. Busrgtes, etc.
By G. H. Umhsen & Co.— Monday, January 30, at 12
o"clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
THE CITY HALL PAKK fIND THE
PANHANDLE.
AMONG the improvements proposed in the city
are two which, while they have hitherto been
considered separately, bear such a relation to
one another they might be combined as a compre
hensive scheme for making a more beautiful San
Francisco. These are the suggested plans of purchas
ing the blocks of land interposed between the City
Hall and Market street so as to form a park front
for that edifice, and the extension of the panhandle
of Golden Gate Park to Van Ness avenue.
Either of these improvements carried out separately
would of course add much to the beauty of the city,
but if both were accomplished the value of each would
be increased. The one would provide our principal
thoroughfare with a handsome park, across which
could be seen the stately and picturesque facade of the
City Hall, and the other, at a point not far distant,
would open a grand driveway through a park-like ex
tension to the Golden Gate Park itself. The continuity
and monotony of shops along Market street would
thus be broken in an impressive way and the magni
ficence of the avenue greatly increased.
Of the two projects, that of redeeming the City Hall
Park is the more desirable. At present the most im
portant and most superb of our civic edifices is vir
tually upon a back street, and our great central
avenue of traffic is unadorned by any stately public
building or open square. The beamy conferred upon
Broadway, New York, by Bowling Green, City Hall
square and Union square is remarked by every visitor
to the city. Their expanses of green grass, their
fountains, their trees and their statues give a certain
grace and dignity to what would be otherwise only a
long row of shops.
Market street ought to be as attractive as Broad
way, but it will never be so unless it is in some mea
sure adorned by parks, and no other point along its
entire length is so fitted for park purposes as the
area in front of the City Hall.
At the present time the buildings upon the lots in
front of the hall are comparatively slight and their
purchase would not entail much cost, nor their de
struction much loss. The land itself can certainly be
purchased more cheaply now than will be possible at
any time in the future. This, therefore, is the time
to undertake the improvement. Any plan for
beautifying San Francisco which does not include
the opening of the City Hall park can hardly be ac
ceptable to the intelligence of the citizens.
Gunst testified that Colonel Preston was playing a
nickel-in-the-slot machine at the time of that double
barreled conversation, which is destined to go thun
dering down the ages, but it is safe to suppose that
particular machine will get no more of the colonel's
coin.
It is strange that so much goodness and purity as
shown by the immediate adherents of Burns has not
led them to form a Sunday-school rather than a poli
tical combination for the dissemination of gold bricks.
When the people of this country are told that
Schley was guilty of cowardice they do not say, ''Tell
that to the marines," for they are sure the marines
would never believe it.
Now that the grip is coming West make up your
mind at once not to take it. The year has opened
up in an interesting way, and you had better live to
sec it out.
Jilson and Wright both pleaded guilty and have
thrown themselves upon the mercy of the court, but
they do not manifest a proper penitence.
Burns swears that he has not tried to influence
anybody to vote for him, but still he has not been ob
served chasing any members away.
The witnesses for Burns displayed as well trained
memories as ever soothed and sustained during the
ordeal of examination on the stand.
It is good to hear the talk of retrenchment on the
part of the Supervisors, but don't bet on it. The
broom is new yet.
Assemblyman Works should have left the regula
tion of the cartoon business to some professional
beauty like Mellick.
The people vote for their Congressmen, and scan
dals in connection with Congressional elections are
rare.
Perhaps the country will some time witness the
novel spectacle of Depew delivering a before-dinner
speech
WHAT HflS DAN BURNS DONE?
OUT of two hundred and fifty thousand votes
ten thousand cast dishonestly or under im
proper influences will often— indeed, usually —
determine the result of a State election. Then, while
the mass of the people are sound, the State is cor
luptly governed. Out of a hundred and twenty mem
bers of a Legislature, if twenty are held together by
bribery, in any of its multitudinous forms, they can
frequently determine legislative measures or Sena
torial elections, in respect to which a hundred mem
bers are honestly divided. Then that Legislature
goes down to history with a pestilential reputation.
In the one case two hundred and forty thousand citi
zens, with their families and their material, intellectual
and moral interests, have to suffer. In the other case
a hundred legislators, through their own fatuity, wear
crowns of infamy they do not deserve.
These are compressed illustrations of principal
causes of discontent throughout the Union and es
pecially in this State at the present juncture. We pre
sent them to the members of the Legislature now
struggling to elect a Federal Senator. Can they not
recognize their truth and their bearing upon the im
portant question that is blocking legislation against
the will and to the extreme detriment of the citizens
of California? These gentlemen at Sacramento have
at least average intelligence and education, and they
are American citizens and represent American con
stituencies. Do they not absolutely know, without
precise legal proof, that the influences working for
the success of two of the candidates must be sinister
and corrupt? Can they not read the faces and appre
ciate the characters of the men who arc most conspic
uous in their advocacy of these particular aspirants?
Do they not realize the astuteness, the secrecy, the dia
bolical ingenuity, that must be behind any effort to
elect a Senator through low political combinations
and without regard to qualifications?
Purblindness alone could account for answers to
these questions that would prove unsatisfactory to
the decent citizens of this respectable State. Let our
legislators apply ONE test that is demonstrative and
conclusive. Who is Dan Burns and what has he
ever done that he should be singled out as a proper
man to be a Senator of the United States? Is he a
scholar? No. Has he ever made a speech that in
dicated his knowledge of the history of his country
or capacity to handle any of the great subjects that
are considered in the upper chamber of Congress?
No. Has he ever participated in a debate or shown
his ability to encounter the great minds of the na
tion? No. Has he ever written a paper or done any-^
thing in literature, in statesmanship, in finance, in
commerce, in manufacture, anything of any sort, from
which a million and a half of people or a hundred and
twenty State Senators and Assemblymen can infer
his possession of brains, knowledge, experience,
power, energy, any single quality, that would enable
him for five minutes to stand fnr the State of Cali
fornia and for seventy-five millions of Americans in
the Senate of the United States?
What qualification's, then, does he possess for the
highest office within our gift? None; literally none.
And the only pretension he can make is his participa
tion in fotten municipal politics, in which he has
usually failed. But he, the insoluble mystery of the
hour, has himself put forward one claim, and only
one, to be the successor of Stephen M. White. And
what is that? He says that he became a candidate
and should be elected because he was attacked by The
Call and the Chronicle. This is the sole avowed
ground of his candidacy, determined upon by him
January 2, 1899, and it is the complete measure of
the man. What a farce, if it were not the revelation
of a tragedy, that in a continental republic as the
twentieth century dawns a citizen should be elevated
to the Senate of the United States for no other rea
son than that he was assailed in The Call and in the
Chronicle! But Mose Gunst, the immaculate Police
Commissioner, offers a more solid and more plaus
ible argument. He asserts that Dan Burns should
be elected because he contributed fifteen thousand
dollars toward Republican success in 1898. There
fore, the possession of fifteen thousand dollars, taken
from the bowels of Mexico, no matter how, and its
expenditure in a party campaign, is another con
vincing proof of statesmanship!
And these arc the evidences that the State of Cali
fornia is permitted to furnish of its high standing
before the Union and the world and of its fecundity
in the production of American statesmen! Mose
Gunst for Police Commissioner and Dan Burns for
Federal Senator! These are the standards and these
the types by which American manhood and American
power and influence are to be measured throughout
a continent! We again commend them to the scruti
nizing examination of the voters at Sacramento and
of the voters of the State, and again we repeat that
the State of California, on its own behalf and on be
half of the republic, repudiates the corporate insult
that has marred the opening weeks of the legislative
session and demands the prompt election of a Repub
lican who is both an American statesman and an
American gentleman.
The Legislature can quickly determine, by its vote,
whether, after the evolution of nearly forty-eight
years, Dan Burns is California's best and most avail
able representative citizen.
FOR SOUND FINANCE.
TO the advocates of sound finance there is some
thing of encouragement and good cheer in the
report that the House Committee on Coinage,
Weights and Measures has decided to report a bill
fixing the standard of value upon a gold basis by ex
press declaration of law as it has long been by fact.
According to a summary of the bill given in re
ports from Washington it appears that the measure
provides in substance that the standard of value in
the United States shall be the gold dollar; that all
contracts now existing or to be made in future shall
be computed on that standard; that there shall be es
tablished in the treasury a department of issue and
redemption; that greenbacks now in circulation
shall be retired and gold bills substituted therefor.
For the purpose of carrying out those provisions
the bill declares no silver dollars are to be hereafter
coined except from bullion now in the treasury, the
Secretary of the Treasury, in his discretion, to coin
silver into subsidiary coin as public urgency demands,
such coinage of bullion to be concurrent with the re
tirement of treasury notes the same as if coined into
silver dollars, and the coinage of such subsidiary coin
td be limited to $50,000,000. There is to be a separa
tion of treasury accounts between issue and financial
transactions; a gold reserve of 25 per cent of out
standing notes and treasury notes is to be maintained;
also 5 per cent gold reserve of the aggregate silver
dollars; a common fund for the redemption of all
notes.
In arranging for the withdrawal of greenbacks from
our currency it is provided that the amount retired'
each year shall- equal the increase of national bank
notes issued subsequent to the taking effect of the
act; 20 per cent to be retired annually during the
next five years, and greenbacks to cease to be legal
tender at the end of ten years. Gold and currency
certificates to be canceled as paid, and not reissued;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
no national bank notes under $10, and no silver cer
tificates over $5, are to be issued. The tax on national
banks is to be changed from the circulation to one
tenth of I per cent on the capital, surplus and undi
vided profits.
While the details of the measure adopted by the
committee may not be in every respect satisfactory to
all the advocates of currency reform, the fact that
Congress is now directing its attention to the sub
ject will be gratifying. There has been strong oppo
sition to any kind of currency legislation either .by
this Congress or at an extra session of the incoming
one, and for a time it seemed probable that this an
tagonism might seriously block the way of progress.
It will be remembered that a short time ago Con
gressman Walker of the Banking Committee declared
that in his opinion there was no chance of currency
reform either by the present Congress or the next.
That despondent statement, coming from a strong
supporter of sound finance, so far from discouraging
the advocates of reform, served to arouse them to a
consciousness of the danger ahead. Since that time
their efforts have been more vigorous than ever, and
there is now a probability something will be ac
complished. '
The settlement of the issue ought not to be post
poned under any consideration. Currency reform can
be best carried out while the country and the people
are prosperous. If the friends of the measure wait
until over-speculation or over-production causes
another panic or temporary suspension of industry,
they will then have to perform amid excitement and
distress what can now be achieved without disturbing
business in any way whatever.
NO matter what may be the fate of the expan
sion policy, there is coming — indeed, there is
upon vs — a great access of commercial interest
in the Pacific. This requires a corresponding increase
in the costly activities of the Government on this side
of the continent, and especially an increase in naval
operations and all that pertains thereto, and in Gov
ernment transportation. In this situation some things
are needed to make sure of San Francisco's position.
Since the building of the Mint here this city has had
the benefit of practically centering the gold bullion
trade here. That business has been carried on eco
nomically for the Government and profitably for the
miner. The sub-treasury has been the means of dis
tributing the coin widely throughout the West, and
the fact of the sub-treasury and Mint both being here
is responsible for the presence in the banks and in
circulation of gold coin in actual, hourly use through
out this region, and making it accessible to all the
people. By this means our wage-earners have had the
handling of their wages in gold coin, and that it has
directly and favorably affected their habits oi thrift
and economy is in daily evidence.
When the Klondike and other Alaskan gold
became an important factor in the bullion movement
Congress was induced to establish an assay office at
Seattle, and the effect thereof is being felt unfavorably
in San Francisco. The original purpose of an assay
office was to pig the bullion and certify its fineness,
receiving a fee therefor. That is to say, for a fee the
Government prepared the miners' bullion for the mar
ket and certified its fineness. At the Seattle assay
office, however, the practice has arisen of .not only
preparing the bullion, but buying it on Government
account, shipping it to the Philadelphia mint and
paying for it by exchange on Chicago. The miner is
not profited* for he must discount his exchange, but
the banks profit largely by it.
It is obvious that the proper system, and we think
that required by law, would be to pay for the bullion
by warrants on the nearest sub-treasury and ship it
to the nearest mint, which would bring both warrant
and bullion in San Franci?co. It will be seen that,
pursuing the opposite course, the Government is
competing with itself, to the sole advantage of bank
ers in Seattle and Chicago. The bullion is sent to the
Philadelphia mint, which is so crowded by the coin
age of small change to supply the Eastern demand
that it has no time nor facilities for coining the gold,
which is now piled up there in volume to the amount
of nearly $150,000,000. All of this business is a dis
tinct blow at San Francisco, and it requires attention
lest it be followed by another, in the estab
lishment of a mint on Puget Sound.
There has also recently been sent from Seattle to
Washington a demand for the exclusive placing there
of the ocean transportation service of the Govern
ment. The reasons given are that ship and car come
together, which is forbidden in San Francisco, and
that therefore the business can be handled quicker
and cheaper there than here.
Behind this last showing lurks another proposition
to establish the great navy yard of the coast on Puget
Sound, facing Esquimalt, the Pacific Gibraltar of
Great Britain, the reasons being the lack of water
supply, co?t of coal and other real or fancied disabili
ties at Mare Island. Now, there is no doubt but what
the great navy-yard of the nation is to be on this
coast. There should also be no doubt that it is to
be Mare Island. In the first place, such an estab
lishment, being so intimately connected with our de
fensive power, should be as nearly as possible inac
cessible to an enemy. The equipment of a great
navy-yard is costly, as its facilities are important to
national defense. To expose it to assault and capture
is not only to risk the destruction of millions of prop
erty, but to expose a vital spot in the national body
to a paralyzing blow.
Mare Island is so situated that every dollar spent
on our harbor defense makes it safer from assault. In
preparing those defenses the Government is not only
protecting the property of our citizens from attack by
an enemy, but guarding its own property and another
prime means of defense.
The Mint, sub-treasury and navy-yard were estab
lished here by the far-sighted men like Senator Gvvin
and his colleagues, to whom was first committed the
public care of California. This State cost the Federal
Government nothing for territorial novitiate. It was
at once admitted into the Union, and at once began
contributing to the support of the National Govern
ment. It has paid in Federal taxes nearly $400,000,
--000 since it was admitted, and has received back a
very small percentage of that sum in Federal salaries
and public works.
Our people need something more practical than
ecstatic dreams of a great future predicated upon a
great past. They must understand that there are com
petitors in the field, and that our position cannot be
held by indulging in reveries, however pleasant.
With an amendment providing that every legislator
be equipped with a barb wire trocha for the baffling
of reporters, Boycc's measure would indeed be a
thing of beauty.
Perhaps the Eastern capitalists who affirm that
there arc no openings for investment have never tried
to get into the Senate.
If Eagan receives no penalty more severe than a
mere bounce from the army he ought to consider him
self lucky.
Spitting in the eye of a man is an act which would
naturally suggest a sequel.
SOME THINGS NEEDED.
WILL COLONEL
MAZUMA OF
ILLINOIS COME
Two Bills That May
Interest Him.
TO BAR RECTIFIED SPIRITS
A PURE-FOOD MEASURE THAT
PROMISES TROUBLE.
A "Single-Stamp" Law That Would
Deprive the Spirit Trust of an
Enormous Business — Whole
salers Won't Fight It
There is something doing in Sacramento
these days besides balloting for United
States Senator and expediting the trial of
Speaker Wright and other members with
lax ideas of the propriety of accepting or
considering bribes. It is a measure known
as the single-stamp bill, and applies
wholly to the sale of whiskies in Cali
fornia.
To the layman who goes up and down
the line and around the block, taking his
toddy in good faith, asking no questions,
it really means nothing. To the whole
sale whisky dealers, of whom about 95
per cent are rectifiers of spirits, it rep
resents divers and sundry things of an un
pleasant nature. This proposition will be
better understood when it is realized that
the business of these houses is rectifying
of spirits, and that this bill prohibits the
sale of such goods within the boundaries
of the State. The effect of the adoption
and enforcement of such a measure, pro
viding that only double-stamp whiskies,
or those pure from the States of Ken
tucky, Pennsylvania and other whisky
producing States, can be sold, would be
to revolutionize the business in this State
and largely reduce the number of whole
salers, as only the stronger houses would
be able to profitably handle the straight,
or double-stamp, goods at a satisfactory
profit.
As an illustration of what kind of an
insurgent the introducer of this bill is,
it is only necessary to state that the av
erago annual receipts of spirits in San
Francisco are 21,000 barrels, of fifty gal
lons to the barrel. These goods are 190
proof, and, when incorporated with whis-
Kies, represent about two gallons to one
of spirits. As the imports of spirits
amount to a million gallons a year, the
immensity of the trade can be realized.
On the other hand, the importation of
straight whiskies for the year 18yy aggre
gated over 18,000 cases and 24,000 barrels.
However, a large portion of the latter
went into rectiiuation with spirits.
This scheme is a sort of Uanquo's ghost
to the rectifiers, who denounce it as a
plain cinch bill, and who have become ap
auietic and not disposed to put up sub
stantial reasons why the bill should not
become a law. However, this may be
the occasion on which the unexpected
will happen. This single-stamp bill is
along the lines of pure-food legisla
tion, and will trip gayly along with As
sembly Kill No. 73, to create the "Bureau
of State Inspection of Foods, Drinks and
Drugs in the State of California."
Section 2 of this bill provides that "said
commissioners are charged with the en
forcement throughout the State of CaJ-
Ifornia of all laws against fraud and
adulteration or impurities in foods, drinks
or drugs, and all laws against unlawful
labeling." It shall be the duty of said
commissioners to inspect all articles of
food or drinks or drugs manufactured or
offered for sale or held in possession for
purposes of sale in this State. This com
mission is given power of search, and is
required to prosecute all violations of the
law. In fact, it is given the broadest
scope for action and is to co-operate with
the State Board of Health in its labors
In view of the fact that the Manufact
urers and Producers' Association, the
Merchants' Association and other bodies
are strenuously urging the passage of a
stringent measure of this nature it is
probable that, in the event that the Leg
islature finishes politics in time to get
down to lawmaking, this long-j=ought-for
pure-food legislation will be successfully
accomplished.
On account of the pure food movement
the situation is an awkward one for the
whisky men, for the reason that it would
be necessary to defeat both measures in
order to prevent interference with their
business. It appears, however, that the
most influential local houses are not in
clined to enter the light against the pro
posed legislation. In speaking of the mat
ter yesterday. Joseph I,oewe of the Wil
merdiog-Loewe Company said:
"No, I do not intend to have anything to
dowuh the proposition. It is the same
old story; there are about three big
nouses in San Francisco that are ex
pected to make all the rights for the rest
of the trade and let them enjoy all the
benefits without any trouble or expense.
This single stamp bill is a cinch game,
anyhow, and I propose to let matters take
their course. I am sure of the fact that
I can stand the pressure under the pro
posed change if those dealers can who al
ways expect others to take their inter
ests in hand and care for them. That is
just where I stand."
The same sentiment seemed to prevail
in the office of the Crown Distilleries
Company, an institution that is usually
very active in promoting the interests of
the trade. Mr. Haas stated that his firm
regarded the movement with a large de
gree of apathy, and that they would prob
ably remain onlookers and let matters
take their course. "It does not matter so
much to us in any event," said he.
There is an institution, however, that
would have paralysis of the financial
nervp center if such a measure should
become an operative law. and that is
the Spirits Trust, which has its monster
distilleries in Peoria. 111. There are about
$2,000,000 worth of spirits sold in Califor
nia annually, and the greater portion is
sold by this corporation. Inasmuch as
they have been known to influence na
tional legislation in the interest of their
business it is reasonable to suppose that
if they thought they were liable to lose
this valuable market they would take very
active steps to put stumbling blocks in
the way of these bills. If it becomes
necessary for the trust to do this kind
of business they w.il be represented by a
Colonel Mazuma the like of which has
never been seen in Sacramento.
On the other hand, the allied distillers
of Kentucky and Pennsylvania, who man
ufacture double stamp goods, are wildly
desirous that such a measure be adopted,
as it would at once open up an immense
new market for their goods. Tf the bood
lers in the liegislature could get thrse two
groat interests at loggerheads over these
lulls they would certainly come home with
"money to burn."' whichever way the
fi~ht went. As a cash producer it would
beat the business of making Senator in
a walk.
The movement is of particular mo
ment to the small retail dealers, who
handle only rectified goods, and would
also prevent the sale in tnis State of the
most famous brands bottled in this city.
This is due to the fact that blended whis
kies of different ages, although not mixed
with spirits, could not be sold. Whether
or not the powers behin- the pure food
bills are strong enough to secure the
legislation they seek, to the violent dis
organization of the business of the whole
sale whisky dealers, remains to be seen.
More Poolsellers Arrested.
Warrants were sworn out. in Judge
Treadwell's court yesterday for the arrest
of Abe Schwartz and Joseph H. Smith. 27
L,eidesdorff street; S. Nichols, 33 and 35
Ellis street; S. Osterhouse, 64 Ellis street:
Meyer Cohen, 33 and 35 Ellis street, and
E. Wilson and Sam Reynolds. 9 Ellis
street, on charges of violating: the pool
selling ordinance. They were arrested and
each gave $100 bail.
Suicide of a Chinese Woman.
Toy Blng, a Chinawoman residing with
her husband at 811 Clay street, commijtted
suicide early yesterday morning by tak
ing opium. She had been despondent for
a long time.
"Woman's work in the war by the
leaders, in next Sunday's Call.
CONSOLIDATION
FOR THE SCHOOL
JANITORS ALSO
Fourteen Knights of
the Broom to Go.
RECLASSIFIED LISTS MADE
JUDGE SEAWELL'S DECISION IS
ANXIOUSLY AWAITED.
Unpaid Teachers May Be Compelled
to Bring Suit Against the
Bondsmen of the Old
* Board.
Not only over the heads of fifty or sixty
teachers will the official ax swing, but
the cruel instrument will be used on other
victims as well. Fourteen janitors— ten
male and four female— will be "consoli
dated" out of their positions. These will
not come from any certain schools, but
will be gleaned from all.
In their original way of making places
1 for friends the late Board of Education
i did not stop at material for teachers'
, jobs, but made places freely. Laborers
• and janitors were added to the salary
i rolls at pleasure.
These facts have come to the notice of
. the present board, and fourteen ianltors
> will therefore be stricken from the pay
; rolls.
; On Monday evening tne Elementary
i Committee considered the reports and rec
i ommendations of the principals. The list
1 of teachers employed in December was
. compared with the prepared list, less the
number whose classes were consolidated
1 out. In many cases the reports of 'he
principals were approved, but in others
• there was an apparent hesitancy to rec
-1 ommend the cuitlng off of able teachers.
, On these the committee "acted," and
many times the blue pencil marked out
that class. Seemingly there is no hesita
tion on the part ot the Board of Educa
tion to carry out the provisions of the cel
ebrated "act of January i."
In the consolidation of the evening i
school classes the list Is complete for the
work of to-night, and the spirit of reform
will move rapidly.
A member of the Finance Committee,
who has put in his time studying out the
money problem, makes the following
statments:
'•The funds of the School Department
are in very much of an unsettled state
and will remain so until Judge Seawell
has answered the question as to whether
the one-twelfth act applies to the Board
of Education, as it admittedly does to the
expenditures of the Board of Supervisors.
If the court holds that it does apply the
Board of Education will have control of
six-twelfths of the total appropriation of
the fiscal year of 1898-1899. Then if the
board's action regarding the reclassiflca
tion Is carried out and something like or c
hundred teachers are cut off from the sal
ary rolls there will be money enough to
pay the remaining teachers for six
months, ending June 6.
"After these payments a small balance
will be left for the absolutely needed sup
plies and repairs of the department, but
there will be no money for the new
houses and furniture or for the one hun
dred and one things purchased by the old
board.
"If Judge SeaweJl decides that the one
twelfth act does not apply to the Board
of Education and that body is legally
compelled to pay bills contracted prior
to 1899 there will be a huge deficit in the
school fund, approximating a quarter of '
a million of dollars. Then will come tho |
question of how to run the department I
six months on a sum barely sufficient for
half that period. The board has no pref- I
•erence in regard to creditors and is of
the general opinion that the teachers and
merchants should share alike.
"It is very distasteful to the members
of the board to assume the position that
they cannot recognize any claims con
tracted prior to January 1, 1899, and they
only do so because of the belief that the
one-twelfth act applies to all depart
ments of the city government, an«l as
they had nothing to do with the contract
ing of these bills which, if allowed, will
be legally in excess of the act, they can
see no reason for considering the payment
of the same."
The general opinion in legal circles is j
that Judge Seawell will either decide that j
act does not apply to the. finances of the
School Department or that a teacher's j
salary is provided for by statute, and in '
either case those salaries will be paid. I
Public sentiment leans to this view, and I
to legislate teachers out of their money |
largely because of the criminal extrava
gance of the late board would be an in
justice and a hardship. In case of an ad
verse decision their only course will be j
is to bring suit against the bondsmen of '
the old board, as those ex-officers are sup
posed to be liable for the excessive ex
penditures of the old board.
Even this possible good fortune to the
teachers may be long in coming, if it ever
does. The merchants threaten to bring up
the matter of paid vacations and may
hold that question over the heads of the
educators for the purpose of bringing
about some kind of a compromise.
A number of mandamus suits by con
solidated out teachers will immediately
follow the publication of the fatal list this
evening. '
A FIGHT FOB, THE SCHOOL.
Friends of the City Normal Will Meet
the Board of Education This
Evening.
The Taxpayers' Educational League of
San Francisco, having for Its object a
protest against tne abolition of the City
Normal School, met last evening in the
Phelan building and effected a permanent
organization. W. G. Jobson was chosen
chairman and W. H. Bodfish secretary, i
They, with D. R. McNeil, M. Cooney and j
John W. Mortit, were appointed a com- j
mittee on rules and by-laws. Bert i
Schlesinger, J. W Mofflt and Tax Col
lector E. I. Sheehan were selected as a
committee to invite the Mayor and City
Attorfley to become members of the ex
ecutlve committee. This committee will
attend the meeting of the Board of Edu
cation this evening. Judge Cooney and i
AY. H. Bodflsh will address tho board. j
E. I. Sheehan, Judge Cooney and Wil
liam Henderson were appointed a commit
tee on legislation. They will go to Sac
ramento in the interest of the Normal j
School and legislation for the establish- |
ment of a State institution of that de
scription in this city. -
John \Y. Moffit. financial sorrftary, and
D. R. McNeil, treasurer of the len^rue. will
receive the promised contribution from
the Normal students for the support of
their school for the remainder of tho
term, ending June 30, providing the Board
iof Education will accept their offer The
resolutions adopted by the protesting I
mass meeting of Monday evening will be
presented to the Board of Education this
evening, together with arguments advo- ,
eating the establishment of the City Nor- i
mal School.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Willis Pike of Fresno la at the Lick.
Chris yon Ver of Brussels is at the
Palace.
James McNeil of Santa Cruz is a guest
at the Palace
R. L. Ennis of Rochester, N. V., is at
the California
Mrs. F. E. Ford of St. Paul Is a guest
at the Palace.
Mrs. Phillip Hart of Boston, Mass., Is
at the California.
Charles E. Owen of Stockton is a guest
at the California.
R. E. Habir of Seattle registered a t the
Palace yesterday.
Dr. Boetzkes and wife of New York are
registered at the Lick.
Attorney Frank Wlllard Kimball came
up from San Luis Obispo yesterday on
some legal business in this city. He will
be here for a few days.
A. J. MacXab and daughters of Salmon,
Idaho, are at the Lick.
J. G. Davis, a miner from Juneau,
Alaska, is at the Grand.
M. D. Coffeen and wife of Chicago are
registered at the Grand.
John A. Mclntire, a miner from Sacra
mento, Is a guest at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Carlisle of Chicago
were among the arrivals at the P
yesterday.
Revs. C. Linsley of Sonora, George
Wallace of San Mateo, Albert Ernrnr '
Los Gatos, J. O. Lincoln of San M.-
William H. Stewart of Virginia Cll
G. Mackinnon of Stockton and Edward
Parsons of Menlo Park are at the Occi
dental. They are here as delegates ar.<!
to be In attendance on the Episcopal con
vention.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— W. H. Cameron
of San Francisco is at the Murray Hill.
E. F. Murdock and J. S. Robblns of San
Francisco are at the Imperial. A. M,
Tenny and wife, of San Francisco, are at
the Girard. H. E. Hall and wife, of San
Francisco, are at the Manhattan.
NEW YORK, Jan. 84.— Daniel Me
of San Francisco is at the Windsor. Mi .
K. C. Brown of San Francisco is at the
Netherland. George Larrabee of LO3
Angeles is at the Hoffman. Seymour
Waterhouse and mother of San Francis ,
are at the Imperial. John C. Fisher ar.il
wife of San Diego are at the Marlbor
ough.
In the Divorce Courts.
Marcelle J. Mai re has been granted a
divorce from Edmund Maire on thu
ground of desertion. Mary Bates has sued
Harry Bates for a divorce, alleging deser
tion as a cause of action.
Cal. glace fruit Mo per lb at Townsends."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street Telephone Main 1042 •
Held for Burglary.
Alfred Howe, Georpe Hall and Al Big
ger were yesterday held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan on a
charge ot" burglary in $3000 each. They
broke into Shreve's gunstore on Market
street. William Howe, another of the
gang, will know his fate this morning.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syron" 1
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It 6oothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Collo, reg
ulates the Bowels ard Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising: from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mk
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantaga
of the round-trip tickets. Now only {60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay {2 £0 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery etreet. San Francisco.
Faced hair recovers Us youthful color and
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Bai sam.
Uixskrcohns, the best cure for corns. IScsj.
"Might I hab de pleasure o' breakln' a
wishbone wlf yo dis Thanksgivin 1 ?" In
quired Mr. Erastus Pinkley.
Miss Miami Brown's expression of coy
ness became gradually overclouded with
suspicion, as she inquired:
"Which of us is expected to furnish the
bird?"— Washington Star.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WTOililiitiliiWKfirtnfflffJP'"*"*™^
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
SALE \
GUMP'S
ART STORE
IS NOW ON. I
Discount on every
article. |
113 Geary Street.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
_ ___ _____
juo o o ooooooooooooq
I™ PALACE *•"•?
%GRAND HOTELS Q
D OAIt FItAnCtBCO. J
V Coacecteil by a covered passageway. "
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. Q
D All Under One Management. fl
D KOTS TES PBIGES: Q
w Buropoan Flan. Jl. 00 per day and upward X
if American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward Q
0 Correspondence Solicited. n
$ . JOEIT 0. KIR SPA? KICK. Mutftgu. «
coooooooccaooooooo
Use ?*% Use
Woodbury's fef 6^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, i^y- Facial Cream.
Instant relief for aching, tired feet, excessive
perspiration, offensive odor and irritations;
makes the skin stveet and healthy. Send 10
cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample of
each free. JOHN H. WOOD! 26 W. 23d
St., New York, and 163 State st.. Chicago.
PDTTCUI7C FOR BARR ERS, EAK-
JDIIUOfIijO ct9, bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookoihders, candy-makers, canners
dyers, ' flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-ron'prs. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 36
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 aO day ;
$5 to $8 week: $3 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
X. HESS.
gOTABY POBLIO AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, H><otn 101 S. Clans Bprsskets Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, S2l California at.. beluT PowolU
Ban Francisco.
J #g£!S k DEW[LY,STRON6 &Co. (^?^W
r ■ i)
I VS^33U MARKET ST. Sf.-SSr ;TO PRESERVE
THE FORESTS
AND STREAMS
Progress of the New
Society.
PETITION TO THE GOVERNOR
DESIRE A SPECIAL MESSAGE
TO THE LEGISLATURE.
Meeting of the Executive Committee
at Which Plans for Permanent
Organization Were De
cided Upon.
Thf> executive committee appointed by
Society for the Conserving
and Forests at last Saturday's
ntion held a meeting at 331 Pine
i -' afternoon for the pur
rranging for the permanent or
. ■■: the society.
.!. M. Gleaves presided over the delib
there being present Comnalttee
. H. Lindley, E. P. Adams. Oraigie
Sonntag, D. H. Benjamin,
■".. W. Hllgard, Elliott McAllis
el J. I. Irish and M. Theodore
■; the Fresno Chamber of Cum-
All the members manifested the
■ it In the work projected
by tl ... and many valuable sug
made which will be laid
the main body at some future
A constitution and by-laws were
In which the objects of the so
■h in article l of the con
- follows:
The objects of this society are to
promote the conservation of the wa-
ters of California by intelligent
methods of preserving and adminis
tering our forests and the impound
ing of flood waters: and also to devise
the most economical methods by
which the waters of the State may be
applied to the industrial and agri
cultural uses.
The constitution also provides that:
All organizations, societies or in
dividuals that are friendly to the
cause of conserving the waters and
forests Nof the State of California are
eligible to membership.
A resolution was passed requesting
Governor Gage to send a special message
to the Legislature recommending the
enactment of such legislation as may he
deemed necessary for the conserving of
the waters and forests of the State. The
executive committee will go to Sacra
mento in a body at an early date for the
purpose of laying the resolution before
the Governor and presenting arguments
In Its behalf.
Sf-ven sub-committees of the executive
committee were created, as follows: Fi
nance, organization, forestry, floodwaters
•and reservoirs, distribution of waters,
legislation and printing and publications.
President Gieaves will announce the m<m
•Dershlp of the committees at the next
meeting.
resolutions were offered, all of
elded should come up be
>nvention, which will meet
at thp chamber of Commerce at 3 o'clock
afternoon for the purpose of
me the report of y< meet-
! nc: utive committee "and act
ing thereon.
SUPERVISORS OBJECT
TO PERRAULT'S METHODS
FAVOR PAYMENT OF APPROPRI
ATIONS ALREADY MADE.
They Do Not Think That He Should
Pose as a Reformer on the
Lines Proposed.
Supervisor pprrault. rhairman of the
Finance Committee of the Board of Su-
P PrV! met with the co-op
eration of his fellow members in the mat
• holding over until the end of the
f '^ r:i iln appropriations ataount
(B4,ooo.
Tl; - Committee recommended
• appropriations be held over
the Bacal year and it was
that the board would act favor-
At the meeting on
however, the m;it;<-r w;is re
k to the committee for further
8 • rvisor I.aekm.irm is
. position to the proposed
king of the appropriations. In
.ins of thf^m yesterday he said: "Dr.
t build up a refutation as
rm.T on any such slender founda
is that iipon which he is working in
tter. Tfie people in the parts of
1 have worked for years
thesi matters acted upon ana wIU
not takekindlyto the action contemplated
v.i- the extension of Twen-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LITTLEBABY'S
SCALY BLEEDING SORES
No Rest Day or Night. Sufferings Bs-
yond Description. Dwindled to a
Skeleton. Ail Thought Would Die.
Mother Reads of Wonderful Cure by
CUnCURA. Father Goes 5 Miles to
Get It. Instant and Grateful Relief.
Complete Cure in Nine Weeks, nnd Not
a Sijir. Left to Tell of His Awful
Sufferings. ' ' ."• ■>.-*
My baby had a terrible breaking out all over
his face and head, extending half way down
his back, while his arm became one solid,
scaly, bleeding sore.. A physician Rave me a
prescription which I used, but he kept getting
worse, and suffered beyond description. The
pain became ho Intense that he had to be
put under opiates. We could get no rest, night
or day. He dwindled down to a mere skeleton.
Everybody who saw him said he would surely
die. A3 a last resort a trip to the country was
■ugffested. that th.- change of air might do
him quod. As ion as my mother caw the
child bh- got a copy of an Atlanta paper. in
which there was an account of a wonderful
cure Cuticura Remedies had wrought on a
two-year-old child. My father started to the
nearest drug tore, which was Jive miles, ami
purchased Cutlcura (ointment), Cuticura Soap
and Cuticura Resolvent. We applied as per
directions, putting plenty of the Cuticura on hia
head, face, arm, and back. The child slept for
over two hours that night, improved dally and
In nlno weeks from the time he started oil the
Cuticura Remedies we were able to discon-
tinue their use, and not a sign la left to tell
of his awful sufferings. ° leu
MRS. ROBERTA DAVIS.
Aug. 2?, ISM. South Atlanta, Ga.
Sleep for Fkin-tortured babies and rest for
tired mothers in a warm bath with Cuticura
Soap, and a single application of Cuticura
(ointment), greatest of emollients and skin
cureH. This treatment will give Instant relief
permit rent for parent and sleep for child, and
point to a ppeedy, permanent, and economical
cure of the most torturing, disfiguring, and
humiliating of itching, burning, bleeding,
scaly, pimply, and crusted skin and scalp
humors with loss of hair, when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Potter Drug and
Chem. Corp., Sole Props.. Boston.
(Or-'How to Cure Torturing Eczema" Hailed
Free. -
DPH fill V CITIV prevented - and cured by
KfcL 1 DILI OMiT Cuticura Soap. j
ty-fifth street. The residents who are in
terested in the matter have been working
on it for the past ten years. They claim
jt 16 a necessity and the amount of money-
Involved is comparatively small.
'The other items are the same, being
of comparatively small amounts, with the
exception of the amount set aside for the
new police station. To defer the building
of this will not profit the city in the long
run. It owns the lot already, and the ex
pense of $50,000 for a station will save the
city $9000 a year that it now pays for rent
and stabling facilities. It Is all right to
watch needless expenditures, but Dr. Per
rault is not on the right track in the pres
ent instance. The members of the board
must watch the interests of the people
who elected them. There is a general de
mand for these proposed improvements,
and when the time comes I think the ma
jority of the board members will give
heed to that demand."
CAUGHT WITH HIS BOOTY.
Ed Smith, a Window "Flypaper"
Thief, Locked Up in "the
Tanks."
The window "flypaper" thieves are still
carrying on their operations to the an
noyance and loss of storekeepers
throughout the city. Early yesterday
morning the window In the grocery of
Hermann Hackfeld, corner of Hayes and
Lyon street?, was broken and twelve bot
tles of whisky were stolen.
An hour or two later Policeman Fen
nell saw a man on Stockton street carry
ing a bundle, which aroused the officer' 3
suspicions. He questioned the man and
not getting a satisfactory answer opened
the bundle and discovered six bottles of
whisky. He placed the man under ar
rest and locked him up in "the tanks"
at the City Prison pending further Inves
tigation. The man gave the name of Ed
Smith, but that is not his true name, and
Fennell believes that he is one of the
gang of "flypaper" thieves.
Yesterday morning Hackfeld reported
his loss at police headquarters, and on
being shown the six bottles of whisky
found in Smith's possession he at one»
Identified them as being his property.
Smith has not yet been booked.
HE IS SADDER AND WISER.
A. H. McKay Wants His Advance
Agents Arrested for Obtaining
Money by False Pretenses.
A. H. McKay, 18 Lewis place, swore to
a complaint in Judge Graham's court yes
terday for the arrest of Henri Stewart
and W. H. Wheeler on a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses. Stew
art is in the city, but Wheeler is in the
country.
McKay was induced by Stewart and
Wheeler to supply the money to take the
Twentieth Century Vaudeville company
on the road to play the farce comedy,
"My Neighbors Wife." They claimed
that they had to pay a royalty on the
play and got $10 from him for that pur
pose. Therein lies the charge, as Mc-
Kay alleges, that there was no such
thing as royalty. Stewart and Wheeler
started out as advance agents of the
company on December 3, and in a very
short time McKay had dropped about
$1000 in his theatrical venture before the
company got strantk-d. Now he is a
sadder and wiser man.
MORE TROOPS FOR MANILA.
The Twentieth Regiment Will Arrive
To-Day.
The first section of the Twentieth In
fantry, which is to sail on the Scandia,
will arrive at Oakland this morning. The
entire regiment will not get here until
this evening. It is not expected to have
the mm go into camp, but to march to
morrow on board the Scandia. General
Bhafter examined the Scan^.a yesterday
morning and said that it was in hot* r
shape than he had seen any transport in
ih>> East. The Twenty-second Infantry,
which is to arrive the last of the week
from Fort Cook. Nebr., will sail on the
Ohio and Senator. The Morgan City will
sail with the Scandia.
"Christian Science and Why 1 1
Broke Away From It," by Josephine
Curtis Woodbury, in next Sunday's
Call.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND BACE TRACnI, Tuesday, January 24, 1899. — Thirty
seventh day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
fast.
J.
A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
t\£\A FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse Age. Weight.
V«m.
%m.
%m.
Ptr.
Fin.
M3 Formella. 4 1101 In 12 12 12 12 Spencer 1 S-5
Ml Master Buck, 3 99 1 2 5 4 4*4 44 3 4 2 2 W. H. Martin 2 f>-2
444 Be Happy. 4 110| 5 44 2 4 2 3 2 1 3 1 J. Woods 6-2 16-5
473 Nonchalance, 5 118: 3 6 1 3 4 5 1 6S 4 3 E. Cochran... 8 26
543 None Su<-h, 4 112 4 21 6 4 3 3 42 6 10 Hennessy .... 7 10
A-i New Minn, 6 113 6 9 \\ 6 1 6 25 6 25 6 40 I. l'owell 6 9
451 Engea, 3 961 7 7 7 7 7 7 Ranch 10 60
Time— V4. :13Vi; %. :374; %. 1:02%: %. 1:29. Winner, William Boots & Son's b. m. by imp.
Brutus-Forma. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Formella was never in trouble. Master Buck was cut off nn half a dozen different
occasion?. Engea is not a 'Stayer." New Moon made a miserable showing.
\l
! i
!
1 n
6 hi
4 M
6 1
2 1
4 h
7
12
4 *4
- ; ->
3 ii
6 4
6 1
7
1 2
4 '■•,
2 3
5 1
3 3
6 23
7
1 2
3 V,
2 1
6 8
4 2
6 ■
7
1 2
2 2
3 1
4 3
6 10
6 40
W. H. Martin
J. Woods t
E. Cochran...
Hcnticuv
1 S-5
2 6-2
6-2 lfi-5
8 26
7 10
6 9
10 60
jHennessy
I. Powell
[Ranch I
BECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
• purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.;
1st
6
5
3
1
2
Std.
2 1
3 h
5 2
6 2
1 1
<«
7
Std.
«m. %m.
Um.
2 1
62
4 2
63
1 h
3 h
7-
%m.
21
4 4
ZU.
66
1 2
6 2
7
%m.
%m.
21
3 hi
4 3
6 2
1 li
6 10
7
Str.
Str.
1 2
3 '4
: h
4 3
5 1
6 10
7
Fin.
Fin. Jockeys.
1 2 (Thorpe
2 n Bullman
3 n J. Woods
4 6 [Gray
5 2 E. Cochran...
6 12 E. Jones
7 |W. Karvaez..
430 MiFtleton. 4 109
476 Master Lee, 3 103
KM I'lm. 3 57
464 Rosemald. 4 104
470 Colonial Dame, 4.. .109
Ml F.Ttis. 3 105'
556 Fred Gardner. a....H4!
8-5 1
3 18-5
2 3
8 12
10 20
16 50
20 60
Time-1-16, :07; 5-16. :31%: 9-16, :57; 18-16. 1:23%: mile. 1:42; 1 1-16 miles.- 1:48V4. Winner.
William Boots & Son's ch. h. by imp. Brutus-Mistletoe. Good start. Won all out. Second
ami third driving.
The winner was probably best. I'lm was bumped all through the stretch by Master
I^»e. He should have been second. Colonial Dame stopped badly.
enn THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Hone.
Weight.
Vim.
Km.
Jockeys.
465 Lomond 108 3
530 Reginald Hughes.. .108 2
... Harry Thatcher 113 5
483 Innovator 110 4
... Bathos 113 7
... Champion Rose 110, 1
653 Jennie Rlley 105 8
... Choteau 110 9
... Nomadic 113 6
... Ruby Blazes 110 10
1 l'i
4 4
2 H
3 2
6 2
7 2
0 2
10
8 3
1 2
2 2
3 1
4 4
62
6 2
7 3
82
9 6
10
Thorpe
Bullman
'Jones
;Hennensy
I. Powell
W. NarvBPg..
JohnBon
Frawley
iSheehan
|C. Sloan
5-2
3
5
4
5
12
15
12
•
12
3-2
3
7
S
7
30
30
*)
■ •
10
•Coupled with Lomond.
Time-3-16, :V*\i: 7-16. :42. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. c. by Imp. Mldlothian-
Talluda. Good start. Won flrFt three driving.
Thorpe, on Lomond, beat the barrier. Uoginnld Hughes was hemmed in against the
rail. Harry Thatcher is posses^ed of a WOTld of speed. liathop will improve.
pr C**J FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. W'eight.,
'/•m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
484 Dr. Bernaye, 4.. ....107 4 3 '4 3^4 3 1 2h lh Spencer 3 4
C47 Captive. 8 .....110 5 2 1 2 1 2 £4 , 1 Vi 2 2 Plggott ....... 3 14-5
545 Amelia Fonso, 6.... 100 6 1 H 1 h 1 h 3 1 3 »4 W. H. Martin 8 13
484 Mamie G, 6 108 1 5h 61 6 2 4 »1 4 2 Jones .. 3 7.9
(490) Wing. 3 88 2 8 8 8 6152J. Relff 5 «
(552) Horatio, 5 116 3 4 1 4 2 4 4 5 2 6 10 Bullman 5 7
457 Tenrlca, 4 •••••"7 62 «1 73 73 73 Coburn ....... 100 200
460 Alicia., V^. ....ttl| 8 71 74 62 8 8 Thorpe ■ .....[. « g
Time— H, :25»i; ft. :50; \. 1:16; mile. 1:41. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's ch u'bv Rlr
Dixon- Wiesbaden. Good start. Won first three driving. B< ' lr
Piggott allowed Dr. Bernays through next the rail, losing the race. Mamie G was all
tangled up at the start and had a stormy trip. Bhe was much the best. Horatio stopped
Scratched— Frank Jaubert 102, Judge Wofford 87.
i
I 6
1
I 2
•
3 '4
2 1
m
5 h
8
4 1
62
7 1
3%
2 1
l h
6 1
8
4 2
61
74
3 1
2*4
l h
52
8
4 'i
7 3
62
2 h
- 1 H
3 1
4 >i
6 1
5 2
7 3
8
lh
2 2
3 K
4 2
6 2
6 10
7 3
8
Junes
J. Relff
Bullman
Coburn :.....,
iThorpe
I 4
3 14-5
8 IS
3 7-2
5 6
100 200
6 8
;— /»O FIFTH RACE-SIx furlongs ; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $000.
Hrrw.
Jockeys.
C. Sloan*
Ftillitnnr,
(48$) Abuse. 6 ........117 3 ... 11 12 11 1U iC. Sloan 1-2 1-3
455 Sam MeKeever, 3.. 103 1 ... 31 2n 28 2 6 Bullman..... 4 g»
560 Recreation, 4 109.5 ... I 4 1 4 1 3 1 Thorpe ...;.... g 12
436 Rosormonde..4......1W 2 ... 2 1. 3 2 33 4 3 Plggott ....... 6 in
4S2 IJmewater, 3.. 94 4 ... 4 3 5 5 S • Houck ..) 80 50
Time— U. :24tt: .Hi :48%; *• 1:13. Winner, Fred Foster's b. h. by Imp. Plevna-lmo
Abukru Good start. Won first three driving. * lmp -
Abuse was straight at the end. McKeevet- was in rare fettle. Limewater was wretch-
edly ridden. The clip proved too speedy for Rosortrionde. ' " ••*.",'
i 4
11
3 1
a
2h
4 3
1 2
2 n
4 1
3 2
5
1 1
2 3
4 1
3 3
5
1 1*1
2 6 '
3 1
4 3
5 '
i»uiiman ......
Thnr™
1-2
4
8
6
30
1-3
9-2
12
10
50
Thorpe
Piggott
iHouck
tS£*Ck SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; three-year-old flllles; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Um.
H,m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
tIC Jennie Reid
471 Juva '■
471 Good Hope
,, . Benow Caesar
4f3 noyal Fan !
.. ("harmnnte 1
53S Nora Ives '
S
1
1
3
7
\_*
7
1 1
1 1
5 %
3 1
6 H -
4%
4 tt
1 l'i
2 2
3 ij
5 2
6 3;:
7 ■
2 2
1 4
3 3
4 H
SHJ
6 4
7
1 2
2 m
3 5
4 1
5 3
6 2 .
'■7 ■.
i
5-2
60
.. 2
8-5
10
20
'I
- 8
2
75
7-5
4
,50
20
9
tiran...
n...
a'..::..;
Time— To ><i. :22; to H. :4«H: last %, 1:02; short %. 1:12. Winner, R. Hughes' b t bv
El Rio Rey-FonsettA. Good start. Won first three drlvlnr. '
Juva is possessed of a high turn of speed and nearly made a runaway race of It
Jennie Reid came from away back. Senora Caesar was a touted eood thin*. Nora Ives
won't do. Charmante was In for work.
Scratched— Ban?wor 112.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TV EDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
JUVA NEARLY
WON AT ODDS
OF 100 TO 1
Led Her Field to the
Paddock.
BEATEN OUT BY JENNIE REID
ABUSE EXTENDED TO DEFEAT
SAM McKEEVER.
The Two-Year-Old Lomond Equaled
a Coast Record — Four Choices
Finished in Front — Dr.
Bernays Scored.
A stocky looking chestnut filly named
Juva, hailing from the Montana country
and ridden by a little "bush" jockey,
Mounce, nearly captured a race at Oak
land yesterday .with odds of 100 to 1 posted
against her. This despised one was a
starter in the last event of the day, a
sprint at the Futurity distance, an affair
replete with warm things. Schreiber's
Good Hope finally closed favorite, with
both Jennie Reid and Senora Caesar car-
rying heavy commissions, the latter es
pecially being highly touted. When the
barrier was released Mounce and Juva
were soon out in front. The filly had a
good lead into the stretch and it was only
in the final stages of the running that
Spencer managed to get up with Jennie
Reid and beat the outsider something
over a length. A more experienced rider
could probably have won. Good Hope, the
favorite, was third.
The only other favorite to prove a dis
appointment was Captive, beaten out by
Dr. Bernays. Formella, Mistleton,
Lomond and Abuse all won at fairly good
betting quotations.
By long odds the best performance of
the day was that of Fred Foster's crack
sprinter, Abuse. The horse with the cork
screw legs picked up 117 pounds in the
fifth event at si?»rfurlongs and b«at Sam
McKeever out in a drive, covering the dis
tance in 1:13 flat. The winner closed a
2 to 5 favorite.
Formella defeated a cheap band of plat
er." in the opening seven-furlong run. The
Brutus filly had Spencer in the saddle and
won with comparative ease from Master
Buck. Johnny Woods managed to finish
third with Be Happy.
This win was followed up with another
victory for the Elmwood Farm. Mistle
ton, piloted by Thorpe, and a stanch first
choice, was always in the front rank in
the mile and a sixteenth event that fol
lowed, and at the wire downed Master
Lee a couple of lengths. I'lm, through
weak riding, was a bang-up third, beaten
for the place but a neck.
Lomond, a good looking bay colt by
Imp. Midlothian-Talluda, equaled the
coast record for three and one-half fur
lop.ks in the kindergarten scramble. The
youngster had Thrope at the helm, and
beating his (V j ld away, won out. hard
ridden, from Reginald Hughes. With bet
ter luck the latter might have reversed
things. Harry Thatcher, a son of Imp.
Pirate of Penzance, from Caesar Young's
barn, showed plenty of speed, finishing a
flattering third. The winner, coupled with
Nomadic, closed favorite in the betting.
The mile selling run went to Dr. Ber
nays, ridden by Spencer. The latter stole
the insido position from Piggott astride
Captive, in the run home, and driving
hard earned the verdict by a head.
Track Notes.
Frank Eckert, the widely known book
maker, who has been sojourning in Colo- I
rado for the benefit of his health since i
the Eastern season closed, was an on- I
looker at the track yesterday.
Spencer piloted three and Thorpe two of >
the winning horses. The former's ride
astride Dr. Bernays was a pretty piece of
saddle work.
The weights for the Follansbee handi
cap at seven furlongs, to be run Saturday,
January 28, were issued yesterday, and
are herewith given:
Bendoran 142 Fred C 113
Rubicon 140 Espionage 113
What-er Lou 138 Maud Ferguson 113
Hugh Penny 135 La Penitente 113
N'apamax 135 Valencienne 113
Paul Qriggs 130 Ballverso 112
Mary Black 129 Humidity U0
Ostler Joe 129 Colonial Dame 110
San Venado..... 128 Saintly 110
Bellicnso 125 Balllsta 11')
Ferrier 120 Golden Link 105
Libertine '. 119' Gauntlet 105
Eddie Jones 118 Rio Chlco 100
Recreation 118iHenry C 100 '
Rosormonde llSNuncomar 100 j
Colonel Wheeler 118; Campus 99 1
Osculation HSiThe Pride 99 |
Free Lady HS'Rear Admiral 95 j
Formern HSjßosebeau 95 j
First Tenor llSJßainler 95
Horatio 115' John Farley 90
Ramlro 115!Festoso 10
G. B. Morris 113;Gilberto 90
CHtnthus li.VKliza.betu R 90
Montanus nr>,Ciood Hope 90
Ventoro 113:Keina de Cuba 90
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
658 Billy McCloskeyl22 ( 469 Peixotto II 109 j
651 Two Cheers 119 | ... Thyne US I
656 Lomo 109 1 510 Beaumonde 103
469 Eventide 1071 332 Alvero 109 I
65S Joan 117 1 47U The Plunger. ...ll9
Second Race— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
669 Juva 107 635 Diara 112
481 Gin Sling lu9 BB Ttts Fritter 112
465 Gilt Edge 109 319 Petal 107
is. 2 Napian ....109' 476 Furia 107
477 Campus 112 538 Sir Urian 109 j
KM Ann Page 107! 400 Ocorona 107 :
632 San Augustine.. 112 1
Third Race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
545 Schnltz 110| f.-r. The Last 101
457 Colonel Dan 106: 541 Zorazzo 110
.'44 Rieardo 107 j 545 Aluminum 103 j
610 Santa Lu,cia 1051
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; !
four-year-olds and upward.
647 Frank Jaubert..lO9; ... Dare II 112
SM) Torslda 109 565 Rosemaid 102
546 Hohenzollern ...112
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; handi
cap.
562 David Tpnny....llll 563 Frohman 80 !
560 Cromwell 109! 560 San Venado 104
Sixth Rare— Six furlongs; four-year-olda and
upward; selling.
522 Don't Skip Me. .1031 561 Cyril 102
546 Ed Gartland....lO4! 561 Etta II 107
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Alvero. Joan. Eventide.
Second Race— Campus, The Fretter, Ocorona.
Third Race— Aluminum, Colonel Dan, Ri
cardo.
Fourth Race— Torsida, Hohenzollern, Dare 11. j
Fifth Race— David Tenny, Frohman, San
Venado.
Sixth Race— Etta H, Don't Skip Me, Cyril.
JOCKEY DEAN KILLED.
Fatal Accident in a Race at the New
Orleans Track.
&EW ORLEANS, Jan. 24.— Weather j
clear; track good. In the last race
Mount Washington choked and fell,
throwing Arthur Dean, who had the
mount, and fracturing his skull. The boy ;
died at 5:25 p. m.
First race, seven furlongs, Sir Florian i
won. McCleary second, Mizpah third.
Tim..\ 1:88%.
Second race, one mile, Volandies won.
Nailer second, Ridtilla third. Time, l:43^i.
Third rare, handicap over hurdles, one
and an eighth miles. Partner won, Jim
HoKg second, Laura May third. Time .
2:06.
Fourth rare. selling, six furlongs. Red- \
skin won. Agitator second, Bonadea third.
Time. 1:15%.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs. Red ;
Duchess won, Elsie Barnes second, Annie
Teuton third. Time, l:16»i-
Sixth race, selling, one mile, Joe Shelby
won. Sea Robber second, Colonel Eads :
third. Time. 1:48.
The new Viceroy of India is a strong '
temperance reformer; In fact, until he
■went to the Foreign Office Lord Curzon ,
wan actually on the executive of the i
Church of England Temperance Society.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; ;•;
Nervous Dyspepsia
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to
Know What Appetite and Good
Digestion Mean.
MAKE A TEST OF STUART'S DYS-
PEPSIA TABLETS.
No trouble is more common or more misun-
derstood than nervous dyspepsia. 'People hav-
ing It think their nerves are to blame and are
surprised that they are not cured by nerve
medicines. The real seat of the mischief is
lost sight of. The stomach is the organ to be
looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have any
pain whatever la the stomach, nor perhaps i
any of the usual symptoms of stomach weak- !
ness. Nervous dyspepsia shows Itself not In
the stomach so much as in nearly every or-
gan. In some cases the heart palpitates and is
irregular; in others the kidneys are affected;
in others the bowels are constipated, with
headaches; still others are troubled with loss
PROF. HENRY W. BECKER, A. M.
of flesh and appetite with accumulations of
gas BOur risings and heartburn. • .
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets will cure any stomach weakness or dis-
ease except cancer of the stomach. They cure
sour stomach, gas, : loss of flesh and appetite,
sleeplessness, palpitation, heartburn, constipa-
tion and headache.
Send for valuable little book on stomach dis-
eases by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich. AH druggists sell full-sized packages at
50 cents. Prof. Henry . W. Becker, A. M.. the
well known religious worker and writer of St. |
Louis.
Secretary of ! the Mission ' Board of the Ger- •
man Methoaist Church. Chief Clerk and Ex- :
pert ■ Accountant for the Harbor and Wharf
Commission. Public Secretary for the St. I
Louis School Patrons' Association, and the
District Conference of Stewards of the M. E
Church; also takes an active part In the work !
of the Kpworth League, and to write on relig- '
ious and educational topics for ' several mag-
azines. How he found relief Is best told In his
own words:
/'Some weeks. ago my brother heard me say
something about indigestion, and taking a box
from his pocket said, 'Try - Stuart's Tablets." :
I did, and was promptly relieved. Then I In- !
vestigated the nature of the tablets and be-
came satisfied that they were . made of Just ■
the right things and in Just the right " propor-
tions to aid . in ' the : assimilation . of food. • I i
heartily endorse: them In all respects," and 3 I ', ;
, keep them constantly on hand."
ti uij ■ ■ ■ m m m ■■ ' ji ■ ■ » * ■ ■■
SEMI-ANNUAL REDUCTION SALE.
1101
. . . lIST . . .
NEWGOODS!
Owing to the vastness of our stock and the enormous addi-
tions recently made to it by the receipt of large quantities of
Eastern goods, we find It necessary before we begin stocktak-
ing to clear out a number of lines and reduce in general, as far
as possible, our present stock on hand.
In order that we may accomplish this in a limited space of
time, we have given the stocks a thorough overhauling, and
have made STARTLING AND SWEEPING CUTS IN PRICES, which
must and will insure a speedy clearance.
The below quotations are fair samples.
LACE CURTAINS.
At 6O Cents.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3 yards long and a fair grade of net, on sale at
60^; pair.
At $1.00.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, regular size, with overlock stitch and corded edge
finish, new and pretty patterns, wrrth $1 25, on sale at (1 pair.
At $1.10.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS in both white and ecru, well made and finished
with a corded edge, pretty floral and Point d' Esprit effects, were $1 35, on sale at
|1 10 pair.
At~sl.SO.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS In both white and ecru, in handsome new patterns,
worth $1 85, on sale at $1 50 pair.-
At"sl.7s.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS in bnth white and ecru, fine Brussels net effects,
very dainty designs, worth $2 25, on sale at $1 75 pair.
At 52.00.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS in both white and ecru, the very latest designs,
fine net and well made, value for $2 75. on sale at $2 pair.
LADIES' JACKETS ANIT CAPES.
At $1.45.
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, storm collars, worth $3 50,
sale price $1 45 each.
. At $3.95.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk, worth 17 50,
sale price $3 95 each.
At ~54.90.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with Bilk, worth HO,
sale price $4 90 each.
At $3.95.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk sprg*. handsomely trimmed with braid and
beads, collar and fronts edged with fur, worth $7 50, sale price $3 95 each.
CHILDREN'S REEFERS.
At~sl.9O.
CHILDREN'S REEFERS, made of mixed cheviot, sizes 4 to 13 years, worth $4, sale
price fl 30 each.
LADIES' WRAPPER S.
At SO Cents.
40 dozen LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, handsome patterns, worth $1 23,
sale price SOc each.
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS.
At SO Cents.
25 dozen LADIES' FANCY UNDERSKIRTS, worth U 50. sale price SOc each.
LACE DEPARTMENT.
At :2 \-2, Cents.
300 dozen LADIES' JAPANETTE HANDKERCHIEFS, printed borders, worth sc, on
special sale at 2Hc each.
At 1O Cents.
50 pieces 18-TNCH BLACK SILK VEILING, plain and dotted, worth 20c, on special
sale at 10c yard.
At 2, Cents.
5000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, VA to 3 inch, assorted patterns, worth regular
sc. 6V«c and 7',ic, sold in Btrips only, on special sale at 2fc yard.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 1O Cents.
The balance of our 25c and 35c TECK SCARFS, which are all satin lined and
nicely assorted in colors, together with about ten dozen band bows of same qual-
ity, "we will close out this day at 10c each.
At 35 Cents.
About 25 dozen MEN'S EXTRA LARGE TENNIS FLANNEL NIGHT SHIRTS, made
• from good heavy material and in sizes 16, 17 and 18 only, will be ciosed out this
day at 35c each.
At SO Cents.
4 cases 100 dozen MEN'S UNLAUNDRIED WHITE SHIRTS (our own special manu-
facture): these are made from Utica Nonpareil cloth and guaranteed first-class
in every particular; this day's special price SOc.
At 75 Cents.
One case 82 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA MERINO UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, finished with double stitched seams and warranted nonshrinkable; to-day's
special price 76c each.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN
LADIES' HOSIERV^AND UNDERWEAR.
At 7 Cents.
300 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, extra heavy heel
and sole; worth $1 50 a dozen; will be on sale at 7c.
At 7 Cents.
250 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK, FULL-FINISHED COTTON HOSE, extra heavy
heels and soles; good value for $2 00 a dozen; will be sold at 7c per pair.
At :2O Cents-
-150 dozen LADIES' FANCY HOSE, rral Maco cotton, in a great variety of the new-
est styles; worth 35c and SOc each; will be cleared for 20c the pair.
At 35 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' HEAVY GRAY, FLEECE-LINED JERSEY-RIBBED VESTS, In
all sizes, made to sell at 75c each; will be on sale at 35c.
LADIES' WAISTS AND FLANNELETTE GOWNS.
At 35 Cents.
LADIES' WOOL WAISTS, in plain colors, red, black, navy and brown; extra good
value for 75c; will be offered at 35c.
At SO Cents.
LVDIES' FLANNELETTE SHIRT WAISTS, in dark colors; extra good value for
$125; will be offered at oCc.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' ALL-WOOL WAISTS, in plain or fancy plaids; extra good value for $1 55;
will be offered at 75c.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' FLANNELETTE NIGHT GOWNS, in plain and striped flannel; extra good
value for $1 25; will be offered at 60c.
At "$4.90.
LADIES' STRIPED TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, made in the latest style, lined
throughout; extra good quality tor $6 50; will be offered at $4 90.
RIBBONS i-EXTR A SPECIAL !
At 1O Cents.
500 pieces of FANCY RIBBONS, in Bayadere, stripes, checks and ombre, all silk;
value 25c, 30c, 35c; will be placed on sale at 10c a yard.
[/[/ Murphy Bulldlnar. 1 (/(/ Murphy Building:, /
Mariet ani Jones Strafe. Mariet and Jones Streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^™
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
SECOND WEEK OF
FRANK DANIELS
AND HIS COMPLETE COMIC OPERA COW
First Time Here of Smith A Herbert*
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE.
Jan. 30— Week of Frank Daniels
Coming, JAMES-KIPPER- WARDE
f/flf f /I Matinee Week.
Ulilll/i UIU Matinee Saturday.
HOYT'S
"A CONTENTED WOMAN."
' With Beautiful
BELLE MRGHER.
At the head of a strong cast.
EXTRA-NEXT MONDAVI
GEORGE H. BROADHURSTS
Latest Comedy Triumph.
**WHY CMITH A Great Cast Headed
IT Hi MM 111 by th« Favorite
LEFT HOME" Madyn Arbuck'e.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY,~WEDNESDAY. Jan. 23.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 100, any part or house.
THE SENSATION OF THE DAY
RICE'S RAG-TIME OPERA. "
"CLORINDY,"
30 PEOPLE 30.
dl W I s LSOX AND LEICESTER. Operatic Come-
E^\[- R ,- ARBRAS - Musical Acrobats.
MAX CINCINATI, Comic Juggler
mStS3. A 2S%£& Xylophone Wonders.
George EVANS, Comedian.
™oS N . M 1? CARROLL AND ADIE CRAW-
FORD, in Comedy Skit. "Opening His EyH "
PAPnVTA* the LaBt Week ° f PAI>INTV -
ORPHEUM^EXTRA.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director.
SIXTH CONCERT. SECOND SERIES.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Jan. 26, at 3:13.
i Programme Includes -
Overture, "Midsummer Night's Dream ....
_, ••• Mendelssohn
Symphony. "A Rustic Wedding" ...GoMmark
PRICES— 7Sc. $1 00 and $1 50.
Beats now on sale at the Orpheum.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIHHT AND during
*VJ MIVJII 1 ENTIRE WEEK,
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MEN AND
WOMEN
By Belaeco and De Mllle.
Appropriate Scenery- and Effects. T
Next Week ■ ■ "PEACEFUL VALLEY."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST TIMES
THE MERRY COMIC OPERA.
The Wedding Day
THE BEST SINGING COMPANY IN
AMERICA.
EVERY EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK
. The Greatest of French Comic Operaa,
"I_M. PERICHOLE."
POPULAR PRICES 250 and 50a
N. B.— reserved seat for the Matinee, 25c
Our telephone. Bush 9.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall—
An Aggregation of Eastern Stars.
Headed by the Favorite,
VIOLET DALE
The Clever Acrobatics Dancer and Songstress,
..MENTELL SISTERS..
In Latest Songs and Dances.
MAUD GAGE, Whistler.
THE DRUMMOND SISTERS, Dancers.
MARIE WOOD, Soprano.
THE 3 DE BOLIEN BROTHERS
World Famous Acrobats.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
CONCERTS AND EESOETS.
CBUTES AND ZOO! EVERY AFTERNOON
CHI) It a AND lull! and evening.
PIANKA, the "LADY OF LIONS."
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES IN THB
FREE THEATER.
TO-MORROW (Thursday)— AMATEUß NIQHT.
AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, oc.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1893-99, beginning MONDAY,
Jan 23, to SATURDAY, Feb. 4, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. ■
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound,
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:ls
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. -
l—J T"^
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
. OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORBES.
TOUR WITH COURIER TO
-HAWAII-
i Leaving g AN FRANCISCO. MARCH 8. .
Send for Book containing full particular!.
RAYMOND & WHITCOMB.
61 Crocker Building, San Francisco.
COMING!
C MADAME TERESA /tf*^^
arrenO
THE LIONESS OF THE PIANOFORTE.
Chickerlng Piano Used.
CHAMPIONSHIP
MOUNTED SWORD CONTEST!
LOUIS TRONCHET vs. SVAN DE MALCHIN.
WOODWARDS PAVILION. FRIDAY NIGHT.
; . January 27.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver still hither.
Wheat and Barley higher.
Wheat Freights steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay still flowing In.
Feadstuffi unchanged.
Bear.s and Seeds inactive.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
A>;';ira>nis appeared.
Butter unchanged. Cheese weak.
Another decline in Eggs.
Poultry weaker. Game firmer.
Oranges continue to move oft well.
Fine Apples and Lemons firm.
Some variations in Provisions.
Hides steady and Wool duli.
Hops lower and neglected.
Pried I'ruit motionless.
Meats about the same.
Grain Bags firm.
Decreased exports of Lumber.
Diminished exports of Produce.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Experts of Lumber from this port in IS9S
were {0,413,000 feet, valued at $430,000, against
26,077,000 feet valued at $533,300 la 1597.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of Produce from this port In IS9S
were $06,106,700, against $44,599,000 in IS??, the
leading items being as follows: To Atlantic
ports, J3.216.5i>0; Great Britain, $9,284,000;
China, $3,638,000; Japan, $4,561300; Afiica. $1.-
MS.SOO; Australia, J1.51W..30C; British Columbia,
$1,000,800; Mexico $1,508,000; Central America,
U.725.S Hawaiian [stands, 16,064.700.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says of Raisins
and Dried Fruits: "There was a stronger feel-
Ing noted i.t yesterday's opening, and indica
tions pointed toward a week of increased ac
tivity. There has been a gradual enlargement
of business, and prices have moved upward
by fractions on many lines. Reports of ex
bausttoo ;' supplies and the Impossibility of
buying some lines from first hands tend to
hold the market firm, and prevent any return
to former low prices and dull business.
"Prunes are unchanged, but apparently trust
worthy reports say that t>oo cars will cover all '
coast holdings, and those are principally Santa
CJara goods. If this be true, and buyers are
apparently inclined to accept it as a fact, the
market is in strong position. The small lot
Y>u> ing which has been practically the only
trade recently, indicates that distributors are
not heavily stocked, and it is believed that In
creased demand must cause an Increase in
pn<es. Spot prices are unchanged, but all
BUi>plies are held firmly up to quotations, and
no disposition to shade is shown by dealers.
"Raisins are in the same position noted pre
viously. There is Httle call for any grade of
Joose Muscatels, except on small orders, and all
business is of a retail character. Buyers are*
indifferent, and there are no Indications of a
change in sentiment at present."
WEATHER BUREAU.
1120 th Meridian—Pacific Time).
PAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 24, ISS9. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
Beaso'n and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 17.3.0 18.55
Red Bluff 0.00 33.05 6.62
Sacramento 0.00 7.55 f..2S
San Francisco 0.00 t.ct 5.12
Fresno 0.09 3.72 2.31
San Luis Obispo .. 0.00 fi.S2 2.52
1. s Angeles o.'»i i'. ys 3.77
IMego 0.00 3.41 3.00
Yuma 0.00 1.33 1.07
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 4S; mean, 6S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over Washington and
. and partly cloudy over Northern Cali
fornia and Nevada, while It Is clear In South
ern California and Arizona. Light rain has
fallen generally over Washington and Oregon.
The pressure has fallen quite rapidly over
Southern California and Arizona, and re
mained nearly stationary In ail other dis
trict*.
Conditions are favorable for brisk to high j
r rtli wind and partly cloudy weather in Call- j
fornia Wednesday.
forecast made at San Francisco for thirty |
hours ending midnight, January 25, 1599:
Northern California—Partly cloudy Wcdnes- j
day; brisk to high north wind.
Southern California—Partly cloudy Wednes- i
day; brisk to high north wind.
Nevada—Partly cloudy Wednesday.
I'tah—Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona—Partly cloudy Wednesday; brisk to
high north wind.
San Francisco and vicinity—Partly cloud}'
Wednesday; brisk to high north wind..
Special from Mount Tamalpals—Partly
cloudy; wind north, 38 miles; temperature, SS;
maximum temperature, 58.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— Enormous realizing j
ar.i short sales to-day materially affected the |
quoted prices of stocks. The dealings were In j
excess of a million and a third of shares, and |
at no time did prices of the higher valued rail
road stocks reach yesterday's closing figures.
Heavy sales In the early dealings were caused
partly by the lower range of London quota
tions, and there were numerous declines ex
ceeding a point. A sharp upward movement !
followed, support being extended to Michigan
Central, Union Pacific preferred. General Elec
tric, People's Gas, Manhattan and Missouri
Pacific; New Jersey Central, Tennessee Coal
and Iron and Federal ■ Steel common were also
lifted. The trading element began to sell free
ly as the effect of heavy profit taking was ap
preciated. The market at first became dull as
prices receded, but the selling gradually as
eumed larger volume, and quotations rapidly
crumbled away, eventually weakening prac
tically all stock traded in. In the absence of
unfavorable news the reaction was attributed
to technical conditions. By reaching stop-loss
orders In the more active shares material
slumps occurred in prices, with as much as a
point or more difference In quotations between
transactions. Money continued easy, and the
banks were expected to make another gain In
cash this week. The movement of money from
the interior and from California continues
heavily In favor of New York. The' lowest
price of the day was made In the final hour,
and selling at that time wiped out; the gains
In stocks made earlier in the day.
The extreme breaks In the Vanderbllts ranged'
•up to 4>i in Northwest. In the Flower special
ties the largest break was in New York Air
Brake. C points. ' The drop •in the Grangers
ranged from 2 points Jn Hock Island and to
3 l i In Burlington. Among the coalers the
■lump ranged up to 4 1 ,4 in Reading first pre
ferrred. . In the Pacific the extreme drop was
4 points In Union Pacific preferred. Pennsyl
vania, dipped 3%, American Malt 3, and Gen
eral Electric 3. •
New. York, Ontario and Western was the
most active stock on the list, and dropped 2%
points.
A number of wagers were settled to-day when
Missouri Pacific, . on dividend rumors, crossed
Northern Pacific common In the forenoon trad-
Ing. A feature of the market was the resump
tion of activity in the middle class and low
priced stocks.
The bond market displayed early strength,
but later yielded In sympathy with the reac
tion !n the stock market. Total sales,'
260.000. - ...
U. S. Is and the old 4s, coupon, declined V 4
in the bid price.
Total sale* ( of stocks, to-day were 1.352.954
shares, including 22.230 Atchlson, 101, 820 do pre
ferred, 7780 Canada Southern, 20.330 Chesa
peake and Ohio. 18,.".M Burlington. 15.456 C. C
C. and St. Louis, 1000 do preferred. 4264 Dela
ware and Hudson. 34G0f>nver and Rio Grande
preferred. 7420 Erie prefenred. 7000 Illinois Cen
tral, 17.400 Louisville and Nashville. 16.596 Man
hattan, 5000 Metropolitan. 45.170 Reading pre
ferred. 93.625 MlßPourl Pacific. 4000 New Jer
sey Central, 18,420 New York Central. 21 IK
North American. 24.320 Northern Pacific 7918
do preferred. 114.915 Ontario anil Western 16 200 I
Reading. 1400 Rock Island, IS.SIO Union Pacific
IS.IOO St. Paul, ISM Central Railway 9950
Southern Railway preferred, 62,510 Union Pa
cific preferred. 9320 Wabash preferred 5820
Paper. 42,520 Tobacco. 71,210 Steel., 8265 Steel
preferred. 10.520 People's Gas, 3443 General Elec
tric. 10.470 Brooklyn Transit, 19 000 Pacific
Mail. 17.R61 Sugar, 34,440 Tennessee Coal and
Iron, 0100 leather preferred, 30.1.7S Western
Union. 9070 St. Louis and Southwestern «7 100
Chicago and Great Western.
• CLOSING STOCKS. . ' \
4.tchison -22H|3t Louis & S W.... <Bi4
Do prefd ClV4| Do prefd ijit
Baltimore & Ohio. 70fA St Paul. ..•„. i;G%
Canada Pacific... ■ KVfcj • Do prefd 163
Canada Southern.. 60 IStP &Om ..'...-9614
Cent Pae.-..........'-lC ,i i Do prrjfd . . 170
Ches & Ohio. 27'^ St .P M & M ...... 130
Chi & A1t0n. ......165% 3o Paclflc 3714
"hi B & Q 136% 3o Railway .'..'l2H
Chi & E 111... 64% Do prefd 46}]
Do prefd 115 Texas & Pacific 1714
•'hi G W 17V4 Union Pacific 4614
Chi Ind & L » Do prefd....;..... 78%
Do preJd 30 1J.pj).&.0 12%
Shi & X W.i .......»9 Wabash s^
Do prefd 189 I Do prefd 23*4
C C C & St L 55% 'Wheel & L E.....; 6%
. Do prefd...;...... 9S Do prefd.......... 27
Del& Hudson U4Vi Express Companies— :
Del L & W 160V4 Adams :Ex ...;.... 109
Den & Rio G...... 19% American Ex 140 .
Do prefd 7<H£ United States ... SC
Erie (new)..'....... 15% Wells Fargo ..126
Do Ist prefd. 40>i -Miscellaneous— '
Ft Wayne. ...... ...150' A Cot Oil.-.'.'....... 35*
3t Nor prefd 166% Do prefd.......... 59%
Hocking Val 3 Am Spirits 13' i,
fllinois Cent.. 118% Do prefd.. 33%
L,ako Erie & W.... 17 Am Tobacco ..:.. . .147*4
Do prefd 63 Do.pref*..... J3S
Lake 5h0re.. .......204 Cons Ga5......"....:i91:
Louis & Nash 66Va Com Cable C0...;.. 187>4
Manhattan .li....;..U4% ] Col F & Iron 334
Met .Sa-By ....1»«% Do prefd:....:..,'. 92 r
Mich Cent.......... 11-' I Gen.: E1ectric.;.... '.107%,
Minn & St I/...... 41 ; Haw' Com Co 584
Do Ist prefd 98 ! Brooklyn RT......W
VIo Pacific ........ 47T»|rntl Paper 60%
Mobile & Ohio 36 Do prefd 93%
Mo X 4- T 13% Oaciede Gas 51
Do prefd 36% Lead ..„. 38
N'J Central.. 1024 , Do preTfl 113%
N T Centra 1..... ..134 I Nat Lin Oil tr fcVfc
N V Chi &St L...17 Pacific Mall 46%
Do Ist prefd 7« People's Gas 112%
Do 2d prefd 39 Pullman Pal 156
Nor We5t........... IS* Silver Certificates. Ay,
No Amer Co 7?k Standard R & T... 9%
No Pacific 474 Sugar 129%
Do prefd 794 ! Do prefd 1124
Ontario & W...... 224 T C & 1r0n......... 39%
Or R & Xav 60 (US Leather...;... 74
Or Short Line 44%! Do prefd 73
Pac C Ist prefd.... B*4 V S Rubber.. 464
Do Id prefd...... 644 Do prefd 116
Pittsburg ISO West Union 96-%
Reading 23"i Federal Steel C 0... 52%
Do let prefd 47% Do prefd 834
ROW 45 Or jNav prefd .744
Do prefd 71 Pacific Coast 4"4
Rock Island .11394 Colo Southern 7%
St Louis & S F.... 9% Do Ist prefd 54%
Do prefd 654 Do 2d prefd 21
Do 2d prefd 36%
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 3s 1074 N V Central lsts..H6y,
L T S new 4s reg....129V4 fJJC 55.. 115%
Do coup 1304 N Cai<Dlina 6s 130
US 45.: 112 Do 4s 104
. Do coup 113Vj No Pac Jsts 115
Do 2ds. 99'« Do 35..., v 69%-
C Sss reg 112% Do 45....- 103%
•Do 5s coup 114 NYC& St L 45... 107%
Olstrlct. 3.65s 119«4 Nor & W 6s 129
Ala class A 107 Northwestern con. 1424
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 122
. Do C: 100 0 Kav Ist* 1134
Do Currency..... 109 :> Nay 4s lO2"i
\tchison 45:. ...... .102% O S Line fie tr 132
Do adj 4s 83 O S Line 5s tr 110*1
ran So 2ds lliu Reading 45...'» 88
2 & O 443. 93& It O W Ists S3.
""hi Term 45.. 95 St L& I M con fi8.197%1
C & Ohio 55. .......11914 it L * S F gen 6s. 129%
C H & D 44s -.10154 3t P C0n..... 16S.
D & R Gists 10SV. 5t P C & P 15C5...119 ■
D &.R G 4g 1014 Do 5s ...120
East Term lsts 1044 ?o Ry 5s -...106
Erie Gen 45...: 75 Stand R& T 6s. .. 89
FW & D Ists tr.. S3 Term new set 35.-. 96%
Gen Elec 65....:...112'/i Tex Pac L G Ist*. .110 "
3 H & S A 6s 108 Do Rg 2ds :<• 46%
Do 2ds 107 U P I) & G lsts-.VW
H&T Css 110 Wab Ist 55...'. liv
Do con 6s ....110': Do 2d5. ::...' 90 !
towa C Ists 110 XV Shore 4s 112% v I
La new con 45. ..-..108'- ".'a Centuries'.*.".*. 77.- 564 '
Li & N Unl 45...... 96% Do deferred SVi
Missouri P con 65.114U Wis Cent Ists..-...". .58%
M X & T 2ds 69* V P 4s 1054
: Do 45....... 934 Polo Southern 45... 87%
MIXING STOCKS.' i
-hollar 7 Ontario 5 60
Crown. Point 10 'Jphir 45
Con Cal & Va..... 120 Plymouth :..*..'.:... 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 150
3ould & Curry 23 Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross.. 10 Sierra Nevada...... 65-
Homestake: .... ...150 00. Standard ............ 2 00
Iron Silver S3 1 Union C0n............ 30
Mexican ........... 28: Yellow Jacket 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. V.
■ Money— - • -..,- Gen Elec- prefd 15S .
Call loans 2 @3 Atch prefd:........ 61%
Time loans 2%54 Bonds— ' ' '
Stocks— . " A.tchlson-4s. 101
Atch Top & St Fe. 224 New England 65... 111*4
Amer Sugar 129% >. Wis Central 65.... 59
Do prefd..: 112% Mining Shares— . -.:>
Bay State Gas 3% Allouez Mln C 0.... 6%
Bell Tel 306 . Atlantic .'.....'..... 33%
Boston & Albany. Boston. & Mont .'..254-
Boston & Maine... l7l Butte & Boston.'...' 864
Boston L '..'.... 87 : Calumet. ft He'cla.,72o
"hi Bur & Q 1.16'; 'Centennial ....:.... 32*4
Fltchburg 113 jFranklin ..' 23%
Gen Electric lOi^iQld Dominion...... 3i>' 2
Mexican Central... , 7?i ■ Osceola ... 93
N V & N Eng 100 |Quincy,-:.......'..:..170 I
Old Colony 199% Tamarack . .,...:. .223
Rubber 47 i Wolverine V... '..... 45
Union Pac 46*? | Parroct ..: 35 I
'Vest End 94 |Humboldt 2%
Do prefd 112 Union Land B*4
Westingh Elec 46 Adventure BV4
Wls Central 1& Wlnona 13
Ed Elec Tel 193 --v -.".*-
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.-The Commercial Ad- j
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: !
The markets were brisk hero to-day. In
Americans it was a day of specialties* There
were free realizations here and the market was
disappointed by the New York Central's denial
of . the Vanderbllt consolidation report, but
New York came strong for the coalers, es
pecially Ontario and Western, 10,000 being taken 1
In one line, and the group rallied - sharply. I
Baltimore and Ohio spurted In the street.
London, however, was less confident to-day.
Spanish fours were COYs on Paris buying. Cop
pers were buoyant. Tlntos touched 35' i and
closed at 65%. Anacondas were hard.
I Money was at the slackest. There was more
j competition for bills. In some quarters It is
> thought the bank rate will be reduced, to 3
per cent on Thursday. The big banks hold off.
Tin gained £4 a ton. A syndicate controls
the west market. Thirteen thousand pounds ;
• gold was taken from South America. The mar- ;
: ket bid 77s lOd. ' ";.::■.-
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, SS"4; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 82%:, Grand . Trunk, 7%. Bar silver,
quiet, 27 9-lGd. Money, % per cent.
■ . .'; .-■.::•;■.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.'— FLOUR— Receipts.
SS.3S6 bbls; exports, 21,646; . fairly active
and stronger with wheat; winter straits, $3 60
(S3 6:.; winter extra, $2 70@3; winter' low I
j grades, $2 40Sf2 60; Minneapolis patents, $3 90® i
I 4 20; Minnesota bakers, ?35ji3 30. .
WHEAT— Receipts, 294,400 bush; exports, 132,
--551 bush. Spot Bteady; No. l.red 82@S2%c
f.o.b. afloat to arrive. Options opened strong i
and developed the 'greatest strength and ac
tivity shown this season. Trade was broad and I
credited with good Wall street support, which
frightened shorts into active covering again. j
It was purely a speculative rise, modeled j
after the excitement in stocks, with sentiment
everywhere very bullish still. In the last hour
realizing- appeared and weakness ensued, . the
close being unsettled at lH@l%c net advance.
March, 793*4? SO 9-16 c, closed, SO^c; May, 76%®
77% c, closed, 77"4 c. . . .'.',
HOPS— Steady. ■ . ...
HIDES—
WOOL— Steady. •■.;« ■':..- . .
METALS— Copper and spelter attracted the
! largest share of attention In the market . for
] metals to-day and scored a very appreciable
advance. Copper moved up 37H to 50 points,
while spelter followed with a rise of .25
points. The other departments showed pro
nounced strength as well, . but were not quot-
I ably higher. Tin was strong on heavy de
mand and an Indifferent attitude of sellers.
News from the West and abroad ' was of a
character tending to support the position taken
by local holders. At the close the Metal Ex
change called: Pig iron warrants firm at $S 50
nominal; Lake Copper, strong and • higher .at
$16 62', i bid and $16 asked; tin, strong-, with
$24 50 bid and $25 asked.
LEAD— Firmer, ! with $4 25 bid and $4 27>^
1 asked; spelter, strong and higher, with $5 GO
bid and $5 63 asked. The brokers' quotation
for lead Is $4 05 ana copper $16. • -; ; .
COFFEE— Options closed - steady and un
changed to 5 points higher. Sales 15,000 bags,
Including February, $5 40; March, $5 50; May,
$5 05: June, $5 70; July. $5 80; September, -$3 85;
October, $5 90; November, $5 95. Spot coffee—
Rio, steady, but quiet; No. -7 Invoice, ,' 6%c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 7Hc; mild, steady; Cordova,
7H@i4c. • * " . •;-. : -> .
SUGAR— Raw. 1 steadier. ! but not quotably
higher; fair refining, 3%@3 13-16 c; centrifugal,
96 test, 4"4 c; molasses sugar, 3 9-16 c; refined,
steadier In tone. ' * _
BUTTER— Receipts, ! 9556 - packages; steady;
Western creameries, 14@19c; Elglns, 19c; fac
tory, 12iS14i\ '
EGGS— Receipts, 6406 packages; firm; West
ern, 18c; Southern-,. 17}4@lSc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23— California fruit firm
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 7raße';
prime wire tray, S%c; choice, 9@9V*c; fancy
10c.
PRUNES— B',i@IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Jloorpark, 13® 18c
I'EACHES— Unpeeled, Oi&'llc; peeled, 21©23 c.
CALIFORNIA ORANGES IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— The Journal of Com
morce says: The policy of holding trl-wcekly
instead of dally sales of California oranges
was Inaugurated yesterday and will be given
a week's trial. A majority of trade receivers,
as well as Jobbers, are heartily In favor of
the plan. Buyers showed their appreciation
of this concession on the part of the receivers
by spirited bidding, running the price up In
one or two Instances to JG for extra fancy
stock. The average advance was s@loc per
box on fancy and 15® 20c on choice grades In
all nineteen cars, or 6384 boxes, were sold at
a range of $2 80iij5. Color and quality of the
fruit were an Improvement on that previously
offered, aud for quality sold results were held
by sellers to be the most satisfactory for the
season so far. A number of receivers and job
bers after the sale expressed themselves well
satisfied with the result of the first day's sales
under the new departure and were of the opin
ion that the plan of trl-weekly sales would 'be
made a permament Institution.
Shipments of California oranges to all parts
of the country are being made at the rate of
thirty-five to forty cars of 336 boxes each
which quantity in view of the decreasing sup
plies or Jamaicas and Florldas and limited
stocks of Sicily ana Valencia fruit is held to
be scarcely more than enough to cover Imme
diate needs of consumption In the various
markets. Hence the feeling is firm and the
tendency of the market la upward.
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— Nervousness on the part
of shorts and higher cables from Liverpool
started Wheat strong. May opened
higher at 12^<a'2\c, but the realUatton cf
prottts at the Improvement became so general
that the price touched 72»4c in a few mlnutos.
That was the low point of the day us Wall
street interests commerfced buying on a large
scale and the local talent was only too eager
to follow this lead. The ordinary statistical
information regarding the dally movement of
\\ heat received scant attention and as there
was little Wheat for sale buyers soon got ex
cited and bid prices up to secure it. Shorts
[ rushed to cover and there was considerable
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
buying I for the long account, while under the
excitement May advanced steadily until it
touched > 73*ic. At this figure realizing became
general. fit. Louis and Minneapolis sent sev
eral large selling orders and as the shorts had
partially recovered from their fright May was
allowed to sag to 73c. Toward- the closa the/
buying became general - again and May 'ad
vanced to 73%#73&c, and closed with sellers
at -7314c. .
Under, the' influence of Wheat Corn, started
buoyant. The bull leaders in Corn were more
inclined. to sell out at any little advance then
to buy and any improvement was quickly
checked. • May declined V»c. r
Oats ' participated In the advance in Wheat
early, but met heavy selling from the country.
May dosed *4c lower.
A good shipping demand' for meats and
higher prices for hogs at the yards strengthen.-d
provisions. There was considerable liquidation
by -longs and ■ packers Bold freely, while the
buying was scattered and the early improve
ment was nearly all lost. May pork closed
7%c higher. The range in lard and ribs was
small. „
The leading futures ranged as follows: „•
Articles— Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— - - . '' i
January .... .... — V 0 ,
May :• 72% 73% 72% 73%
July 70 > 71 CS% 70%
Corn No. 2— •.-•;/ ■:■< ,
January 36 36 35U 30%
May 38-; 38% 37% > 37%
July 35% 38* 38. 33 ft
Oat» No. 2— . „, v
May 28*4-. 28% . 27% 27%
July 264 -' 38% . 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel— ■ ' •'-'■ ,„,.'
May 10 424 10 524 10 374 10 42*1,
Lard, per 100 pounds— ■
May..... 924 595 5 874 6 874
July 05 6 074 .6 00 6 00
Short Ribs, . per i 100 pounds— '
May .5 20 5 224 615 5 1,4
July 535 535 5 274 6 274
Cash quotations were as follows: r"'
Flour, moderate demand and firmer; No. 2
spring wheat, 69"t®70c: No. 3 spring wheat, OS
@69c;No. 2 red. 71!y2@73%c; No. 2 corn. 37c; No.
2 oats, 27*i<g27',4c:,No. 2 white, 23%@30'/4c: No..
3 white, 29%&30 c; No. 2 rye, .")7c: No. 2 barley,
42®64c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1.13: Northwest, $1 194;
prime timothy seed, $: 30@2 40; Mess Pork, per
barrel, $10 20@10 25; Lard, per 100 pounds.
$5 67"'@5 70; short rib sides, loose, $4 So©s 10;
dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c; short
clear sides, boxed, $5 10@5 15; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon. $1 27; sugar, cut loaf
and granulated unchanged. : - '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19,000 26,000
Wh°ai. buyhels 65,000 20.000
Corn, bushels 457.000 236.000
Oats, bushels... 251. 0C0 143,000
■ Ryr. bushels 17,000 10,000
Varley. bushels 48,000 17,000
'On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries. 13@18c; dairies,
lllgUtic. Eggs, steady; fresh, 15c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 9%@11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. ; Bushels.
Minneapolis 257,580 48,400
Duluth 153,483 10,507
Milwaukee 1 '. 51.100 .......
Chicago 64,730 19.63$
Toledo i 31,149 16,000
St. Louis 18,000 43.000
-Detroit -: 11.724 1.618
Kansas City 41,000 65,300
Totals 623,766 204,623
Tidewater — . • - :,
Boston 96,749 24,000
New York 294,400 132,561
Philadelphia 61.144 713
Baltimore 10,753 45.418
New Orleans
Galveston . 123,424 ......
Totals 586,470 202,712
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat— ' • , . Mar. May.
Opening .'. 5 10% 5 8&
Closing 5 10% 5 S*i
PARIS FUTURES. ; '
Flour — Jan. -June. ■
Opening 4."» 10 45 50
Closing , 45 25 - . 45 55
Wheat-
Opening • 21 "■ 21 65
Closing 5155 , 21 70
AVAILABLE GRAIN . SUPPLY. . ;
NEW YORK, Jan. Special telegraphic
dispatches to Bradstreefs show the following
changes in visible supplies, •as compared with
the previous account:. S ... '!■ '- ."
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 348, C00 bushels; Liverpool'
corn trade news, afloat. for and In Europe, de
crease, 400,000. Total supply, decrease, -'52,000
bushels. -
Corn — United States- and Canada, east of the
Rockies. Increase, 2.251,000 bushels. . - .
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 287,000 bushels.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land. Seattle and Tacoma show a decrease of
64,000 bushels for the week. • '•' V •*-.<. -.;•■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— CATTLE— There was a
good demand for cattle to-day, with prices rul
ing steady. Fancy cattle, $6??6 35; choice steers,
$5 30@5 95; mediums, Js@s 25; beef, steers, $4 10
@4 15; stockers and feeders, $3 25@4 65; bulls,
$2@2 25; cows and heifers, $3 30@4; Western fed
steers, $4@5 85; Texas steers, $3 75@5 25; calves,
$3 30@6 85.
HOGS— In hogs was active, with prices
on an average about 2V4c higher. Fair to
choice. »3 77'/ 2 90; packers, $3 Co@3 75; mixed.
$3 60@3 80; butchers, $3 60@3 85; lights, *3 55@
3 77V4;>PlBS, $3 25@3 55. .
SHEEP— was a good strong current
from the outset in the sheep market, and many
of the handy weight offers sold a point higher.
i The general demand was firm at strong prices..
Poor to choice sheep brought $2 60® 4 23; year
! lings, $4 10<&4 50; ewes,- $3 40@3 75;- Westerns,
$3 Ro«z4 20. •-.:-■
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs, 30,000; sheep, 11,
--000. ■ ■ ■■■. " : * ' -.-.-•■;-:- »■_■■
.. BOSTON WOOL • MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 24.— The Wool market holds
steady, although only moderate sales for the
week are recorded. Domestic ,Wools are rather
Blow, with firm prices, . but dealers are expect
ing an active trade In the near future.
Territory Wools are moving moderately at
about the former basis of prices. Australian
Wools are firm in tone, but the demand Is slow.
Quotations:
Territory Montana, fine medium and
fine, 14®16c; scoured, 48c; staple, 47@48c.
Utah, Wyoming, etc.— medium and fine,
13@15c; scoured, 43c; staple, 47@48c.
Australian — Scoured Combing, super
fine, 70@72c; good, 65@68c; average, 62@63c.- •
LONDON WOOL SALES. *
LONDON. Jan. There was a full attend
ance of buyers at the wool auction Bales to-day
and prices were stronc. Scoured was scarce
and high, the Continent and . home , represen
tatives buying freely. The eagerness for wools
was unabated to-day, and prices showed a hard
ring tendency. American buyers operated
I . freely in crossbreds, they purchasing to-day 450
bales of good lines at high rates. - ■. ■
FOREIGN MARKETS. •"• -
LONDON, Jan. 24.— Consols, lUVi; silver,
27 9-16 d; French rentes, 102f 10c; wheat cargoes
.off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance; No. .1 standard California,
30s; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 24.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, dull; weather in : England,
foggy.
COTTON— 3>^d.
WHEAT— 2 red Western winter, firm, 6s
Id; No. 1 red Northern spring, firm, 6s. .
American spot, steady; mixed, 3s
10\4d; do old, firm, 3? 10% d. ■
Wheat futures closed steady; March, Es 10% d;
May. 53 B%d.
Corn futures, steady; January, 3s lOHd;
March, 3s 3%d; May, 33 B%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 2-4.— Exchanges, $214,
--026; balances, $28,924. .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET. v
£>-*i^ OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 59@60c; valley, 61@62c; blue stem, 63c
per bushel. < . -. . •■ .-.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. WHEAT— CIub,
60c: blue stem, 63@C4c. ... .
The British bark Walter H. Wilson cleared
for Queenstown with 140,070 bushels of wheat.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86ft
Sterling Cables — 4 87^
New York Exchange, Bight — 17^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59^
Mexican Dollars — 47' / £@4B
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Are firm, but dull on
tHe spot at 27s 6d, usual options. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
10.C39, against 36.565 tons on the same date last
year: disengaged. 30,500 tons, against 18,360
--on the way to this port, 201,500 tons, against
178.200.
WHEAT— Continued improvement East and
abroad ha? hardened the market, which Is
higher, both on and off call. The demand Is
alßo better, and the market is In more satis
factory condition all around.
Spot Wheat— Shipping $1 lU4@l 13%; milling
»1 17M:@1 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May — 20 000
ctlß, $1 19'^; 6000, $1 19V;; 50,060, ; $1 19.
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls. $1 18\;- 12,000
n 18%. ,
Regular Forenoon Session— May — 4000 ' ctls
Jl IS-,: 35.000. $1 IS%.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Holders are very firm and have_,
—^—^— —^— _ _- __ _—
again advanced their asking prices, but buyers
hang back.
/^eed, $1 25@1 30; Brewing, nominal.
/. . CALL BOARD SALES. v :^ ;^
Informal : Session— 9:ls • o'clock — No • sales.
Second - Session— No sales. : • •■■ r ' ;
Regular Forenoon . Session— \ sales. - ,
Afternoon Session— Seller '99.. new— 2ooo ctls,
89c; 2000, 89V4c; 2000. 89% c; 2000. 89% c. - '
OATS— The market continues: dull, ...though
quotations show no weakness.. , - '■■':. '
.Fancy Feed, $1 3a@l 37V4 , per ctl; good tto
choice, $1 30@l 32%; common. $1 274: Surprise,
II 42%@1 50:. Gray,. jr3o@l 35; Milling Jl'32»4@.
1 35 per ctl; Red, J1.E5@1 ,65: Black. $1 60@l 75.
; CORN— market continues freely supplied
and dull at unchanged quotations. V '. . ' ' ■ ■
Small round Yellow, $1 15; Eastern large Tel
low, $1 10; White, $1 10; mixed, $1 07%@l 10 per
ctl: California White. . $1 12%. -
RYE— JX ir,oi is% per ctl and dull. ' ; ': .
BUCKWHEAT— There Is none on the market
at present... .. • . • . ■ v ; r;.-
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. .
FLOUR— Family, extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers 1
extras, $3 90@4. -: .-• '.-. ■■•'■■
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual • discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 73
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal,. $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 CO: Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat
Flour, J4®4 25: Cracked Wheat." $3 75; Farina.
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 Ssrp6 25;. ' in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. •• • • ■■• ■■■ , ■
; ; ; HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. .;■?•»/
The Hay market Is kept weak by the heavy
arrivals. But at the rate with which supplies
are . coming in It is - expected ; by. dealers that
there will soon be a marked falling oft. as
stocks in the country .will be . greatly reduced.
There is no further 'decline, but the market Is
dull. ■ t ... .. ■ • ■•■
P'eedstuffs remain unchanged. ■ •' ,•■'■'
BRAN— I2O 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$22<§24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J26t?27 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50;
Jobbing, J32£r32 50; Cocoanut Cake, ?24®25; Cot
i tonseed Meal, • J2S@3O per ton; ■■• Cornmeai,
rf, M' H ' 0: Cracked Corn, J24@25; Mixed Feed,
im\i OV*3 21". ■* ■ S .-.1',.. .•.V -. . ' /.- ;% • -
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. J16@17 for good
to choice and Jl4«fls:for lower grades; no fancy
coming in; Wheat and Oat, . Jl4<gl6: Oat. $14©
15; - Island Barley, $13@14: Alfalfa, "Jl2<gl3;
Stock, .none; Clover, nominal -,--•. . r • j
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. .Utah. . etc.)-
heat and Wheat, and Oat. $13 Eo@l4 50; Cheat,
«2®1230; Alfalfa, ;• Oat. $13C414; Clover,
$11 oO@12: Timothy. J12@13 50 per ton.
■ feTRAW— per bale. s . - .... -. ;
'.... BEANS : AND ; SEEDS.,' ' ' ;
. Flaxseed nominal as there is none offer
ing at the moment. Other. Seeds are quiet
and unchanged. There is no . movement, in
Beans- and prices are 'as' before. ' ' ' ' ; '■ ; '*
B AN , S ~ Bayos ; $1 s »@l 95; , Small ; Whites, $2
fin 5 L t ar^ Whites, $1753180; Pinks,.' WP-
10; Reds. 53 20@3 25: BUckeye, $3 75: Butter.^
*2@2 50; Llnias. $3 25!§'3 35; Pea. $2 35<§2 50; Red
Kidneys. $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown - Mustard, 54 Do@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard $3 75<f/4; Flax, nominal; Can!
ar , J^.^ , cd '- 2«;@2»ic per lb; Alfalfa. Rape,
-:>*'&2\c; -Hemp.. 2',i@3c; Timothy, , s@si.ic. •
DRIED -*»<«. $1 65@1 70; Green, $2 10
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Forty lbs of Asparagus from Sacramento
brought 50c per lb. Other Vegetables are in
light receipt and steady. Mushrooms are pretty
well cleaned up. . . . .- /
Potatoes and Onions are quiet.
c'- P £ T . A J OEa 1 10@1 15 per ctl for Early Rose;
bii^t'ti a per sack for River Burbanks- Peta
luma Burbanks. 90c@$l; Oregon, Sscftsl 15-
Sweet , Potatoes, $1 75 for Merced and "$1 for
Rivers; New Potatoes. lVi(o2c per- lb ■
ONIONS— per ctl. .\
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 8086; String
Beans, B<§li)c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes $1 50
(&2 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant, 15c per lb;
Garlic, 6tinc per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per lb-
Green Peppers, .'sc per lb;' Dried Peppers, 10®
15c; Marrowfat Squash. $10^12 per ton; Car
rots, 2Jts'3sc per sack; Mushrooms, s@tic. per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at 12@13c for
Turkeys, $5 for Ducks, old Roosters and
Broilers, $2 50 for Geese, $6 50ig7 for Hens. $7'g.
7 50 for young Roosters and $6 for Fryers.
Local Poultry is weaker, receipts being
freer. Game is in light receipt and Ducks are
somewhat higher. • •..»■,
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14<gl6c; live
Turkeys, 12Vs@13'/4c for Cobblers and 12Vs"ii lo> 2 <
for Hrns; Geese, -per pair, $1 DO® 1 :*; Ducks, $5Sj
6; Hens, $5(^6; young Roosters, '$6 50@7; Fryers
$5 50(g6; Broilers, $s<gs 50 for large. $3 50Ca4 50
for small; .Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for" old
and $2©2 25 for Squabs. \ .
GAME— $1 6082; Mallard, $3@4; Can
vasback. $3<SG; Sprig, $2; . Teal. »1 50@:;
Widgeon, $1 25@1 60; Small Duck, $I@l 25;
English Snipe. $2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 25; Gray
Geese. $3; White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 504j!
1 75; Honkers, $3w4; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for small.
«.° BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The lower grades of dairy Butter are ex
cessively dull and weak and dealers are unable
to keep cleaned up on them. Creamery Is also
weak, but no lower. Cheese Is unchanged.
Eggs continue to decline and are dull and
weak.- : ■ "-:":- ■ • ' ,
BUTTER— ■ ■ " '
Creamery— creameries, 24c; seconds.
21 a 23c. ,
Dairy— to fancy, 19@20c; common
grades, 14(glSc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@lSc; ' pickled roll,
17@lSc for dairy ■ and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, nominal. •
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16igi6&c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll^@l2c: old, 10
@llc; Cream Cheddar, 12@12&c; Young Amer
ica, 12@13c; Eastern, 10@12c. it
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 28@30c per dozen; store
Eggs, 25@26c; Eastern, 22©23V>c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges are moving oft well at the quota
tions and fine Lemons are also selling fairly.
Limes are as scarce as ever. Fancy Apples are
firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— - ..:•> ';- ":■■+
Apples, 35@73c for common, $I@l 23 per box
for No. 1 and $1 50@2 for choice. - .
— 50c@$l per box. '
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 @2 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c(g$l 50; Mandarins, $1 25
@1 50; Lemons, 75c<S$l 50. for common- and $2@3
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, J7@S; Cali
fornia Limes, per small box; Grape Fruit,
$lig2 BO; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples. J2@4 50 per dozen. . .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS. "•
The local market continues. quiet all around.
The condition of the. New York market is
shown In another column. .' . . • . '
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7@7' / 4c f0r.40-50s,
4%@5c for 50-60' 3V4@4c for 60-70' s, 3@3',ic for
70-80' s, 2H@2%cfor 80-90-s, 2@2»ic for 90-100' s
and 1>.4«f1%c for 100-no's; Sliver Prunes. ' 2«f
6c; Peaches, 6@7%c for good to choice, 7%(g 8c
for fancy and 100124 c for peeled; Apricots, 10
@12Vic for Royals and 13*.c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7^@7}£c; sun dried, 4@4^c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2Vic; Plums,^4&@6c tor
pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Nectarines, 6@
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6(^80 for quarters
and S©9c for halves.
RAISINS — 3?ic for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6%0 for four-crown, 5%@6',4c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4^c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%(ifj.3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7®Bc per lb; " Walnuts,
7@Sc for hardshell, 9@loc for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Bc for hardshell, . 13«3>14c for softshell,
15@16& for paper-shell; Peanuts, C@7c for East
ern and 4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
@5. ■ : - • ' ■•.■:■
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. en®
"c; light amber extracted, Cc; ; dark, s@sV4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
A number of narrow changes In Hams, Lard
and barreled goods will be observed. The
market is still dull, but' dealers are looking for
an Improvement before long. '■■ '
CURED , MEATS— Bacon, "M;C per lb for
heavy," 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10^c
for | extra ' light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured
Eastern Sugar-cured' Hams, . 10@10V4c; .-Cali
fornia Hams, 9@loc; Mess Beef , $9 50 per : bbl ;
extra Mess Beef, $10; Family. Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $11; extra clear, $16; meea, $15;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb. • • . ■ . ;
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per lb for
compound - and 7®Bc for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8»ic; 10- tins, S%c; 6-lb tins, S%c. :
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6V4@6%c; packages
less than 300 Ibc, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case. 9Hc;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; &-Ib pails. 12 In a
case, SHe; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case. B%c; 50- Ib
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7*£ c; wooden buckets, 20
n>s net, . BVic; fancy tubs 80 lbs net, 7%0; half
barrels, about 110 tbs, 7%c. . ; , - .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are steady at the quotations. Hops are
neglected; buyers will ■ not even look at : offer
ings ' and quotations ~ are therefore nominal.
Wool rules dull. A local circular saye: '"The
Wool market Is unchanged since our last re
port. Scoured are idle , and there seems 'to be
no demand for scoured locally or In the East
ern • market. Until the : demand for " scoured
starts In there can be no legitimate trade j for
Wool, and the few Wools now being sold in the
grease arc being taken by speculators." ■■•;•; .
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs | and brands' sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light,; BV4c; Cowhides,
8-*@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, sound, 15@15>£c;: Culls and Brands,
12c;- dry Kip and Veal, 15e: dry Calf,
17c; Sheepskins,, shearlings, 10(g)30c each; short
Wool, 36@60c each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool
90cig-$l 10 each; Horse Hides.- salt, $1 75@2 for
large and $1 ■ for small: • Colts, 25@50c ; Horse
Hides,, dry, $1 2531 75. for .; large and $1 for
small. •■'- ■ '"• - ' ■■ .-••■-.... . -.. ■ . •
■ TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3%@3Uc per s lb*
No. 2. 2«4o: refined, 4%<gsc;- Grease, 2c. • ■ ■--
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern . Mountain, 13
months, 7r59e; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months, B@9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
(g)l4c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 9@
lie; Eastern . Oregon, 10@12c. ■ -
• Fall Wools— - ' '"> ' * - L -
, Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll .
Northern Mountain ......'.....*......'....:.. 7@ 8 '•
Southern ..:'... ......... ..v... ........ 6® 74
Plains ..".....'..v:.......'. ..' '.;.;......'... r><§) 6 ..
1 HOPS— IB9B crop.: 10®12c per 1b for ordinary,
124«13c ' for good and ' 14@160 for choice ■ to
fancy.. ... . , ■ ' .
:' ' GENERAL MERCHANDISE. ■
: .BAGS— Calcutta Grain ; 'Bags,' 5%c spot and
C4c future; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.. f , . - •
- COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, . $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5.;. Wallsend, .$7 50;
Scotch, $8;- Cumberland, $S 60@9 In bulk and
$10@10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per- ton; Rock Springs
and Castle . Gate, $7 60; - Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $14 in Backs.
i Since the Alameda left there has 1 been but
• one arrival of coal from Australia— Birkdale,
with 2394 tons. '.This Is peculiarly exceptional
to 1 have but one-arrival. from Newcastle, N. S.
W.,-in.one month; -this 'makes a delivery here
of only 21,074 tons In three months, which is a
, very j low average -as compared with the past.
i The very high prevailing ■' rates of freight, on
coal during 1898 have deterred speculators from
Investing, and forced some of our larg- -
est consumers to utilize . other grades. ' This
will be ; overcome this . year, as I prices are . al
ready commencing to shape themselves . for
deliveries later- on, at figures which will en
tice steam fuel consumers pto return to Aus
tralian..- A generous .rainfall in February and
March -will force shipowners to divert, their
property In this direction, carrying coal' prin
cipally at 50 cents-, to ° 75 cents per ton less than
the ruling rates of last season. Early -load-
Ing ships are still receiving fair , freights, as
: tonnage is not . plentiful at' present ' in Aus
; tralian ■ waters, and there is a brisk demand
there for Valparaiso and the ' South Coast.
There are y at present engaged to carry coal
here from Sydney and : Newcastle thirty ves
sels with a carrying | capacity of about 82,000
tons;, ten of ..these have .already sailed, some
of them will not load for six months yet. Ten
.of : these are vessels owned r in * San Francisco,
returning here after having discharged car
goes of lumber at different Australian ports.
The coast collieries are in arrears in their
local deliveries of coal. The demand for. same
has been so brisk, and . the consumption :at
this season of the year Is always materially
increased.' ' ....
CORDAGE— 9c; Sisal, B%c; r Duplex,
7%c basis. , ; - . ■ , ■ I • ■■: .
■■ CANNED FRUITS— $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 50@l SO for white; Peaches, $1 40®
I 75; Pears. -SI 45@1 50;-' Apricots, $1 35@1 50;
Plums. 95c@$l 15. .-.-■•. .... ,
.CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 83c@U 23;
Asparagus, $1 50<f?l 75: Tomatoes. Ss@9od.- " •
COFFEE — Costa Rica, 15@16c I nominal for
prime washed; .13'£@14"£c: nominal , for good
washed; 124^150 ( for good . to , prime 'washed
>peaberry;.ll@lli,4c for good peaberry; 114®13c
for good to ! prime; lO&llc nominal for good
current mixed with black , beans; 9@104c for
fair; ' s>4@S^c for common to ordinary. Salva
; dor— ll(&13c nominal for good to prime washed;
:s@loc for fair washed; l»4ig'll4c for good to
prime washed peaberry; i%c nominal for su
perior unwashed; . B@B4c for good, green un
: washed: -. 9"i<S)loc. for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— S@S%c nominal for good
to 1 superior unwashed; 94@10c nominal-- for
•good to prime unwashed peaberry- Guatemala
and Mexican— l 64© 174 c . for prime to fancy
washed new crop; 144@16c for good to strictly
good washed new crop: ll\ 2 (ciHc for good to
strictly good washed old crop; 9igllc for fair
washed old crop; 7®B%c for medium old crop:
5®6%c for Inferior to ordinary' old crop: 10@
• 114 c for irnod to prime washed • peaberry old
crop; 94<fil0c for good unwashed peaberry old
crop; S@S%c for good. to superior unwashed old
■ PACIFIC CODFISH— • 4c ; cases, se
lected,--'4V&c;. imitation. Eastern, 5%c; boneless,
54c; strip?, s^i(fj'74e; blocks, s"4S>7c; tablets.
7V4ci middles, 6Va@B>ic per lb; desiccated, 874 c
■per dozen; . pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod. half barrels, each, $4 50.
-LEATHER— Leather, : heavy, 25@28c per lb;
Sole Leather, medium, 24@23c; Sole Leather,
light. 23®25c; roush Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light. 23@240: Harness Leather,
heavy, 32@34c; Harness Leather, medium, 30@
32c; Harness Leather, light, 27@29c ; Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot; Kip, finished. 40@43c
per lb; Veal, finished. 50@55c; Calf, finished,
75c@$l; Sides, finished. 16©17 c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits, 8«l')c.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 93c;
barrels. 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 54c; raw, 52c;
cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 36c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more: China
Nut, 4.")!f/.-.3e per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c;. No. 1, barrels, 65c;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale; Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25ft
$135 per gallon; wagon colors, $.'@2 25 per
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, 124 c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 174 c; Astral Oil,
17*ic: Star Oil, 174 c; Extra Star Oil, 214 c;
Elaine Oil, 22'f.c; Eocene Oil, 194 c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15"£c; in- cases. 21c;
Benzine, in bulk, 15c: cases, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; In cases, 26c. . -.',
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
74c; 6s, 14 oz. 6%c; 6s. 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
o%c. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 9%c;
Cs. 14 oz, B%c; 6s, 12 oz, 74c; 6s, 10 oz, 6%c;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls. 2s, 4s, 6s, white,
94c: 12s, 10V>c: colored, lc higher.
1 WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 64c; In iron barrels,
59c; in wooden barrels. 61c per gallon.
LUCOL— Bolled# barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c; cases. 6c mone. . . . •
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $38039 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry . Granulated, • 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, s*4c: Magno
lia A. 5%c: Extra C, s»ic; Golden C, s"£c; half
barrels, %c more than . barrels, and boxes 4c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent. —
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15 50@18; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14@15 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20@2 30; Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
— - for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15
@21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton, Lamb and Veal are firm. Beef ,is
easy and Pork steady at unchanged prices.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 7c; second quality, 6@
6Vic; third quality, 5@5%c.
VEAL— Large. 7@Bc; small, 7@Sc per Tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B@B4c; Ewes, 74®Sc.
LAMB— BM:@9c per lb.
PORK-Live Hogs, 4@4%c for large, 4%®4%0
for medium and 34@4c for small; stock Hogs,
34c; dressed Hogs, 54@7c. :
; RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
- .- -.. ....
For Tuesday, January 21.
Flour qr sks.-.i.' 1,795 Wool, bale ■ ■'- -\
Wheat, ct15....... 59,385 Hops, bales 60
Oats, Or., ctls... 310 Hay, tons. .... 691
Corn, East, ctls. 1,200 Pelts, bd15.. ...... 72
Corn, ctls 2SO Hides, no 553
Rye, ct15::.,.......:, 260 Eggs, doz 7,590
Cheese, ctls 22 Quicksilver, flks. 100
Butter, ct15....... Leather, rolls 66
Beans, sks ; 71: Lumber, feet 10,000
Potatoes, eks 4,304 Wine, gals 74,200
Onions, sks.. 300 Sugar, sks... 1,455
Bran, sks .-. 1,150 Lime, bbls • 91
Middlings, sks.... 212 Powder, car 1
Mustard, sks 139
OREGON.
Hay, tons 70!
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 401 :
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Michael Hartmann to Annie and Stella Hart
mann lot on N line of Post street, 142:6 E of
Scott. E 26 by N 137:6: gift.
Dennis Kennedy to Mary Kennedy (wife), lot
on SW corner of Pierce and Eddy streets, S
27:6 by W 100; gift.
Katie E. and William J. Mathewa to P. H.
Kenny, lot on SW corner of Twenty-first and
Church streets, W 152:8 by S 114; also lot on
SAY corner of France and London streets S 300
by W 100, lots 7 and 8, block 6, Excelsior Home
stead; ?10.
Anne Ferguson to Rose Kattemann, lot on N
line of Twenty-fifth street, 100 E of Alabama,
E 25 by N 104; $10.
Estate of Gesche M. Duveneck (by Frederick
C. Slebe, trustee) to Ernst A. H. Duveneck,
lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 25:10 W of
Eureka, W 25:10 by N 75; also undivided half
of lot on NW corner of Seventeenth and Do
lores streets, N 50 by W 100; $10.
Same to Henry, Duveneck, lot on N line of
Eighteenth street, 77:6 W of Eureka. W 25:10
by N 75; also lot on W line of Alemany street,
230:3^ N of Seventeenth, N 15:4%. W 75, S 13,
E 74:0%: also undivided half of lot on NW cor
ner of Church and Twnnty-fourth streets, N 114
by W 50; $10.
Same to Georee B. Duveneck, lot on W line
of Alemany street. 245:7% N of Seventeenth.
W 75, N 10:3%, B 75:4Vi. S 17:3%; also lot on N
line of Eighteenth street, 51:8 W of Eureka, W
23:10 by N 75; also undivided half of lot on NW
corner of Church and Twenty- fourth streets, N
114 by W 50; $10.
Same to Annie Duveneck, lot on NW corner
of Eighteenth and Eureka streets. W 25:10 by
N 75; also undivided half of lot on NW corner
of Seventeenth and Dolores streets, N 50 by W
100; $10.
Estate of Archibald Cooper (by executor) to
Spiro G. Jancovlch, lot on S line of Washing
ton street. CS:9 E of Battery, E 20 by S 60
--S6OOO.
D. L. and Fannie P. Farnsworth to the
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(religious corporation), lot on S line of Golden
Gate avenue, 82 :G E of Leavenworth street E
27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Estate of Sophia Pretorious (by Frederick
Pretorlous, administrator) to H. Foetmann lot
on SE line of Welch street, 105 SW of Zoe SW
20 by SE SO; $1275.
Waloott N. Grlswold to Theodosia M. Lemon
lot on E line of N street, 200 N of Twenty-first
avenue. N 25, E 78:3. SE 27:7, W 89 :S; $10
Catherine A. Furniss (Arfort) to C. H. Cush
ing Jr., lot on E line of Ford street 275 N of
Randolph. N ICO by E 100, lots 16 to 21, block
15. City Land Association; $50.
California Guarantee Investment Company to
John Pearson, lot on BE line of Prospect street.
500 SW of Coso avenue, SW 50 by SE 70, lots
265 and 267. gift map 3; $10. .-.-
Joseph de Forest to Casper Zwierleln, lot on
W. corner of Piedmont street (St. Mary's) and
Masonic avenue (Epstein). NW 125.= by. SW ' 125.
lots 3 to 7, block 3, Flint Tract Homestead; $10.
•>'•;; : .; Alameda County.
: F. W. Butler to Florence Butler, : lot on E
line of Jefferson street, 60 N i of ' Fifth, N 50
by E 75, being lots 3 and' 4, block 52, Oakland;
$10. : ■• ■■• • ;■.;;.,-■ -■ - • ■•; ■- ■ • ■
. Thomas D. and James A. Nealon to Marga
ret Nealon, lot on N line of Channlng way,
100 E of Ellsworth street, • E 130 by N 130, be
ing portion block 12, : College Homestead prop
erty, Berkeley; gift. • • . ■ V - x
• • Scenic Park . Realty Company (a : corporation)
to Joseph B. and AMce • B. Davy, lots 16 and
15. block 18, 'Daley's Scenic Park Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
. Lizzie and James Mix to Christina A. Mis.
undivided % Interest in • lot 1, . block 24, same,
Berkeley; $750: • '- V , „
; George Fox to Sarah A. Fox. lot on E line of
Broadway. 1218 N from marsh line of State Tide
Land Survey. N 50 by E 140:2, being lot 3, block
8. man of subdivided • half-acre lots in Hays
and Capexton Tract, Alameda: gift. ■
N. W. Miller to '. Charles W. Gallagher, lot
on N line of Ninth street. 25 E of Harrison, E
70 by N 100, block 122. Oakland: $10. -
Annie M. and John M. Cushlng to John H.
Sweeney, lot on S. line of Everett or West
Thirteenth street.' 165 E of Willow, E 25 by
135.. b10ck D, Oakland Point Homestead Tract.
Oakland: $10. . ■ • , ..
Lucy A. Adams to Arden L. ■ Smith, ' lot 6 on
map of subdivision 17, Glen Echo Tract, Oak
land Annex; $10. : i ' T.- ■'■' ■
Henry Z. -Jones. to R. Tungsten, lots 15 and
16. block B. Allendale Tract, . Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. • • .. • ■ ■ ■ • ; ■
'■ — ■ ♦ ■ i -■-■:■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Tha activity In local securities continued.
Oceanic Steamship advanced to $68 87% and
Giant Powder to $60. Mutual Electric dropped
sharply to $12 75.
Mining stocks were not materially changed.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a regular monthly dividend
of 25 cents per share, and an extra dividend of
25 cents to-Uay.
The stockholders of the Union Iron Works
held their annual meeting yesterday. The old
Board of Directors was re-elected. Henry M.
Scott was re-elected president and treasurer,
Irving M. Scott vice president and general
manager, J. 08. Gunn secretary, G. W. Dick
ie manager, and George E. Ames agent.
The San FrancißCo Gas and Electric Com
pany held its annual meeeting yesterday. The
old Board of Directors was re-elected, with
Joseph B. Crocker as president and engineer,
William G. Barrett secretary and treasurer,
and Edward C. Jones assistant engineer. Dur
ing the past year twelve regular monthly divi
dend's of 50 cents per share were paid.
At the annual meeting of the French Savings
and Loan Society on Monday the old directors
were re-elected, consisting of E. J. Le Breton,
J. C. Sala, A. Schneider, P. Fleury and M.' A.
de Laveaga. E. J. Le Breton was re-elected
president, J. C. Sala vice president i".nd How
ard Park secretary.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific Surety
Company the old directors, were r^-elected on
Monday as follows: George C. Perkins, James
Moffltt, 11. 8. Crocker, Wallace Everaon. John
Bermingham, J. L. Moody, A. P. Re.lding, Al
bert Miller, William Cllft. J. L. X. Shepard,
H. L. Davis and Frank P. Deerlng. Wallace
Everson was re-elected president, John Ber
mingham vice president, A. P. Redding secre
tary and Frank P. Deering counsel. During
the past year the company paid the usual 8
per cent in four quarterly pdivldends of 2 per
cent each.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 24.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 15% 16%
4s quar c0up..H2%113i4 Mutual El Co. 13 13*4
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 48& 50
4s quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 83% 84%
3s quar c0up..107%108 Pac LCo 47% 49%
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 63% —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 112 — San Fran — 3%
Cal Elec 55.. ..125*4127% Stockton Gas.. 11% —
C C Wat 55.... 104 106%! Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — iFirem's Fund.212%220
E L& P 65. ...130% — I Bank Stocks—
F &Cl Ry 65.. 114 — | Anglo-Cal ....65% 66%
Geary-st R ss. — 102 j Bank of Ca1.. 257% —
HC & S 5%5. — 105 |Cal SD & T.. 98 —
L A L Co 65.. 100 — First Nationl.224 233
Do gnttl 65..300%in2 Lon P & A... 133 —
Market-st 65...126 — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 65. .116 — Nev Nat 8k..175 —
NCN G R 7s. 107 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..U3%114ii Ger S & L...1640 1650
N»Ky Cal 55. .112 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 65. 104 106 Mutual Say.. 35 43
N P C R R 55. 101 101 Vi S F Say U.. 488 —
N Cal R R ss. 98^105 S & L 50... — 100
Oak Gas 5r....110 112 Security 8 B 300 350
llm Ry 6s 128% — Union T C 0..1400. .1400 1453
P&CI Ry 65.. 104 - — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 109 — California ....110 —
Powell-st 65... 120 122% Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-st ....59% 69%
S F& N P 58.110V4 — I Oak SL& H. — —
SlerraßCal 6s. 104% 1054 Presidio — U
S P of Ar 65..110%111i4 Powder—
B P C6»(1903-fi)ll3'ill4 California .... — 155
BPC 6s (1912)122 — E Dynamite... 90 —
SPCIb eg 55. 103 — Giant Con Co. 59T4 6O'/4
6 P Br 6s 122%123Vi Vigorlt 2% 3
S V Water 65. 119^120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4s. 103% — Al Pac A55n.,106%106%
S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Ld Wk5...170 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 106 — Hana PI C 0... 18% 18%
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. 59% f*?^
Contra Costa.. 60 — Hutch S P Co. 33% 33"4
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Volley. lOO* — Dceanlc S Co. 68% —
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1 —
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning: Session.
Board—
00 Giant Powder Con 59 57%
170 Giant Powder Con 60 00
10 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
180 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 69 87%
520 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 50
200 Market-st Railway 59 75
10 Mutual Electric Light, cash 13 00
195 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
150 Mutual ' Electric Light 12 75
$4000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. ll2 00
$5000 N P C RTI 5 per cent bonds 101 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 67 87%
35 Oceanic S S Co 68 00
20 Oceanic S S Co 68 25
80 Oceanic S S Co 68 50
20 Oceanic S S Co 68 37%
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 83 00
26 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 50
45 S V Water 100 25
30 S V Water, cash 100 25
$11,000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 37%
110,000 S F & N P Ry bonds, cash 110 DO
Street—
130 Oceanic S S Co 67 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 106 75
100 Central Light & Power 16 00
85 Contra Costa Water 60 00
40 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
200 Hutchlnson S P Co, b 5 33 62%
30 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 62%
256 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
SO Market-st Railway 59 60
30 Market-st Railway 59 62%
160 Oceanic S S Co 68 50
56 Oceanic S S Co 68 62%
15 Oceanic S S Co 63 75
30 Oceanic S S Co. b 30 68 87%
15 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 3 83 75
13 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 76
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 25
5S V Water 100 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
B0 Giant Powder Con 59 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association 107 00
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 62%
Street—
200 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
160 Central Light & Power 16 50
20 S F Oas & Electric Co 83 75
45 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 59 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninr Session.
100 Alta 04 2CO Con Imperial.... 02
600 Con Cal & Va...l 30;
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 39 100 Occidental 25
450 Best & Belcher. 3S 300 Ophlr .... 56
150 Con Cal & Va...l 35 2no Sierra Nevada ' 67
1200 Hale & Norcrs. 08 700 Union Con. 3'
200 Mexican 32 300 Utah
100 Occidental 20
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
400 Andes 111200 Gould & Curry 26
250 Belcher 161 000 Justice ' 08
300 Best & Belcher. 39 150 Ophlr . ""53
200 Best & Belcher. 40 200 Sierra Nevada 07
500 Caledonia 19: «oo Sierra Nevada" 68
300 Con Cal & Va.l 32% 500 Union Con " 31
200 Con Cal & Va...l 36 1 300 Union Con '"
400 Gould & Curry-- 271600 Utah
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 11 200 Occidental v>
300 Belcher 17 600 Ophir ' v>
3400 Best & Belcher 40 200 Ophlr ... ' -1
900 Best & Belcher. 38 500 Potosi «
400 Con Cal & Va...l 35 200 Savage ..."" 'Jo
300 Crown Pomt — 11 500 Sierra Nevada' 89
300 Gould & Curry.. 27 200 Sierra Nevada" 7o
400 Hale & Norcrs.. OS utt " <v
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jan. 24—4 p. m
Bid. Ask. I xjjj A .
Alpha Con - 94 Julia - 04
Alta — 0j Justice OS 03
Andes II 12 Kentuck 08 10
Belcher 15 16 Lady Wash — <£
Benton C0n.... 04 10 Mexican "' 31 30
Best & Belcher 38 39 Occidental 2=; or
Bullion - 03 Ophlr ".*." £ j£
Caledonia 19 'JO, Overman tv ne
Chollar 20 21 ! Potosi 14
Challenge Con. 11 12 ! Savage ....'.'.'.'.'. 09 10
Confidence — 67! Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 35 140 Seg Belcher — 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 I Sierra Nevada. 66 6S
Crown Point... 11 12, Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05i Syndicate — in
Eureka C0n.... 80 --Standard 200 —
Exchequer — 03|UnIon Con 31 32
Gould & Curry. 26 27 Utah 11 m
Hale & Norcrs. 08 09| Yellow Jacket. 12 14
ASSESSMENTS PENDINQ.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day ot
Sale.
Utah
Julia
Andes
Chollar
Savage I
Hale & Norcross. |
Sierra Nevada
23
29
47
43
96
' 1
115
64
..Jan. 7 ..Feb.
..Jan. 29 ..Feb.
..Jan. 19 ..Jan.
..Jan. 24 ..Feb.
|..Feb. 3. .Feb.
..Feb. 4 ..Fe-b.
|..Feb. 18|..Mar.
..Feb. 20;.. Mar.
• 06
03
06
10
19
I 15
20
05
Justice I
THH CAXJ/B CALENDAR.
January, 1899.
"7
IT
18
v
It
Mooa'n Phases i
Quarter
yd- January i.
/~s New Mooo.
Vj/ January 11.
'm. First Quarter,
Jr January 18.
©Full Moon,
January M.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographie
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exnense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hana
for comparison and reference, and the. latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is nolstea
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hieh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to baa
Francisco Bay. Published by orflcial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25.
Sun rises 7 :19
Sun sets 5:28
Moon sets 6:24 a. m.
Time
Ft.
| H W
Ft.
r i
3.0 10:13
T. TV
...:.
0:05
0:34
1:01
1:29
1:57
Is W
4.9 4:49
6.0 5:30
5:1
6:
6:1
7:'
10: i
11::
12::
12:1
1::
5-.:
6:i
6::
7:(
7::
8:
5.
5.
4.
4.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldei
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day in the order of occurrence as. to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundlnss on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subti-acted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Due.
Geo. W. Elder . I Portland Jan. 25.
Bristol i Departure Bay Jan. 25
Chllkat jHumboldt Jan. 25
Centennial jComox Jan, 25
A. Blanchard..|Coos Bay Jan. 25
Orizaba Newport Jan. 2«
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 20
Empire Coos Bay :.. Jan. 26
Arcata ICoos Bay _ !Jan. 26
Fulton (Portland |Jan. 25
E. Thompson... (Seattle 'Jan. 26
Weeott iYaquina Bay Jan. 26
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 28
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 27
Mackinaw Tacoma Jan. 27
Pomona jHumboldt |Jan. 27
Santa Rosa [San Diego (Jan. 2S
Crescent Ciey...jCrescent City Jan. 2S
Mlneola [Tacoma Jan. 23
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 23
Ruth Coos Bay ijan. 2S
Czarina Pugret Pound jJan.,29
National Clty..|Grays Harbor ..^'Jan. 29
Wellington (Departure Bay !Jan. 29-
Grace Dollar.. JGrays Harbor Jan. 'J9
Columbia IPortland Jan. 30
C. Nelson IPuget Sound Jan. 30
Coos Bay 'Newport I Jan. SO
Peru iPanama Ulan. 30
Australia [Honolulu 'Jan. 31
North Fork Humboldt iFeb. 1
Corona !San Diego |Feb. 1
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 1
Curacao jCoos Bay Feb. 3
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination..
Sails.
Pier.
orona ....!
:hllkat ....
i. Bl'nch'd!
\'eeott ■
irizaba I
lty Sydney i
t. Arena..!
;. W. Elder;
n Maru
ia |
lppsa . . |
Walla..
i|Chlna& Japan Jan. 25, 1 pmiPMSS
| Point Arena.. Jan. 25, 3 pmiPier a
'Sydney Jan. 23, 10 pmjPier 7
Ivic & Pgt Sd. Jan. 26, 10 amiPier 9
[San Diego Jan. 26, 11 am | Pier 11
jHumboldt Jan. 26, 2 pm|Pier 13
ICoos Bay Ian. 10 amil'ler 13
iYaqulna Bay. Jan. 27, o pmiPier IS
: Newport Jan. 28, 9 am 'Pier 11
iPanama Jan. 28, 12 m PMSS
IPoint Arena.. Jan. 28, 3 pmiPier 2
iPortland Jan. 28, 9 am|Pier 11
Coos Bay Jan. 29, 10 am;Pier It
iHumboldt |Jan. 29, 2 pmPier 9
Alaska Jan. 29, 10 am ) Pier 3
San Diego Jan. 30, 11 ampler H
Vic & Pgt Sd. Jan. 31, 10 amiPier 11
[Newport Feb. 1, 9 am. Pier 11
IPortland 'Feb. 2, 10 am! Pier 21
t ...i
,dt .1
ta Rosa
it ilia ..
i Bay...
imbia ..
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 24. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING IXTELL.IGEXCE.
ARRIVKP.
Tuesday, January 24. '
Stmr Corona, Debney, (JO 1 * hours from San
Diego., etc.
Stmr Progreso, Gilboy, 90 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Albion, Ericcson, IS hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, _26 hours from Eu
reka. ■'-■\ -
Sehr Newark, Beck, 13 . hours from Boweng
Lending.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 13 days from Coo«
Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 24. -
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ■: . : : i-i"-:V-
Ship I F Chapman, Thomson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckela & Bros Co. .
Bark Albert, Griffith, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co. . : «
SAILED. :--. ,-^-;\:
■ j Tuesday. January 24.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow. Sun Pedro. ,
Stmr Newsboy, Ellersen, Usal.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka. KtroKßa)
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. ... . r . ■.'
CHARTERS. \
The John G North loads mdse for Honoipu -
The Achnashie loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 33s 9u ; Ecuador, same voyage. 30s
The Compeer loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Santa .Rosalia; John A Campbell, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Honolulu; Skagit. lumber at
Port Gamble for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 24. 16 p in— Weailur
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 10 miles. .
* DOMESTIC PORTS. "
TACOM A— Arrived Jan 24— Schr Annie Lar
sen, from San Pedro. Jan 20— Br ship City of
Florence, from Port Townsend; ship C F Sar
gent, from Port Townsend.
Cleared Jan 20— Br ship Springbank, for
Queenstown. ''.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Jan 24^-Bark
Una. from Honolulu. '
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan Schr Queen
from Seattle. ■
COOS' BATT— Arrived Jan 23-Stmr Empire,
hence Jan 20. .
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Jan 24 — Schr
Vega, for San Francisco.
• Arrived Jan 24— Bark Coryphene. from San
Pedro.
■■■ CASPAR— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Hueneme,
from Newport (S).
Sailed Jan 24— Schr Maxim, for San Fran
cisco. • .. ■ ■ •
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 21— Schr J Ep
pinKer. hence Jan 21.
CRESCENT CITY-Sailed Jan 24-Stmr Sco
tia, for San Francisco. -
" PORT LUDLOW-Salled Jan 24-Schr Ida
Scnnauer, for San Francisco. -
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Farallon.
from Dyea; stmr Chas Nelson, hence Jan 20;
bark Wilna. from Honolulu
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Al-Ki, for Dyea.
_ EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 24-Stmr Ghilkat, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan Schr John A, hence Jan 1?.
■ ASTORIA— Jan 24— Br stmr Lennox,
from Yokohama and Hongkong. Jan 23— Schr
i Serena Thayer, from San Pedro. ■
Sailed . Jan 23-Danlsh bark Slxtus and Nor.
bark Akershus. for Queenstown.
FOREIGN PORTS. '. : ■ •
C t X^^ CAS 7 LE - NSW-Salled Jan 10-Br ship
Strathdon,-..for San Francisco.
COMOX— Arrived Jan 23— Haw . Btmr Baa
Mateo, from Port Los Angelei. 1A COAL SHIP
ON FIRE AT
THE GAS WORKS
Cavaliere Ciampa's
Narrow Escape.
FIVE TUGS WORKED ON HER
OAKUM, SAILS AND OIL IN THE
LAZARETTE ABLAZE.
[Transports Beady to Sail — Schooners
in Hard Luck — Strike on the
„ Morgan City — For the
Klondike Again.
A fir© broke out in the lazarette of the
Italian ship Cavaliere Clampa early yes
tftrday afternoon and it was with diffi
culty that the tugs Reliance and Alert
succeeded in putting it out. In fact, at
one time the danger looked so great that
the ship's lines were cast off and the tugs
started to tow her to the mud flats to fill
her full of water. As it was, the cabin
floor had to be torn up and a bulkhead
knocked away in order to reach the seat
of the fire.
The Cavaliere Ciampa arrived here from
Swansea on January 17 with 2543 tons of
coal. Monday last she went to the gas
works to discharge and yesterday the
■work of unloading her began. About 2
p. m. a fire was discovered in the after
lazarette. The place was full of sails,
rope, oakum, oil and other inflammable
material, and in a few minutes the cabin
■was full of smoke. Flames quickly fol
lowed, and Captain Maresca lost no time
in giving an alarm. A telephone message
brought the tugs Reliance and Alert to
the scene, but it was found almost im
possible to reach the tire. The smoke
was so dense in the cabin that it was
dangerous to enter, so an attempt was
made- to a hose to play on the fire by
cutting away the after bulkhead, in this
way the Reliance and Alert got live
streams into the lasarette, but still the
fire burned on.
A still alarm was then sent to the Po
trero fire station and one engine re
sponded. It was at this time that the or
ders went forth to cast off the vessel*
mooring lines and take her to the mud
flats. Just a 6 she was about to be moved
away the order was countermanded and
the firemen got into the cabin and tore
up the flooring covering the lazarett.i.
Tne Alert got her hose into this opening
and the fire was soon under control.
While, the Reliance and Alert were hard
at work pumping thousands of gallons of
water into the burning ship the tug Mon
arch came along and she also made fast
and turned a stream of water on the fire.
Later the tugs Sea King and Sea Queen
came along, but by that time the lire
was under control and the danger was
past. The Reliance and Alert remained
by the ship all night, and it will take
them nearly all of to-day to pump the
water out of the vessel again.
It was lucky the fire was confined to
the lazarette, as had it spread to the
coal nothing but scuttling would have
saved the Cavallere Ciampa.
Another fleet of transports is being
made ready to start for Manila. The
Morgan City has been ready for some
time and is now lying at Harrison street
wharf awaiting the passengers who will
F£U! on her. The Scandia at Pacific street
wharf has nearly all oej cargo aboard
ami the soldiers who are to go by her aro
expected to-day. Jt is expected that these
two vessels will sail to-morrow or Friday
at the latest.
• Ohio has been docked at Folsom
street and the Senator will go alongside
wharf as soon as the Mart
to-nlght. Both these vessels
wiil carry a large quantity of supplies
and nearly a. regiment each. They can
ly for sea in a week and will
bly rollow the Scandla and Morgan
City about February l. The Scandia
Bhould reach Manila early in March, and
as the regiment of regulars she carries
is to relieve the California boys the
chances are that the latter will "return
on that troop ship. That would land the
native sons in California early in May
General Shafter paid a Visit to all the
transports yesterday. He Inspected every
hole and corner of ,-ach vessel and made
a personal Inspection of the soldiers' ra
tions and the soldiers' quarters. There
■will be no cause to grumble on these
tmop ships if he i ;in help it.
The crack steamer Humboldt came out
of retirement yesterday and is again go
ing Into the Klondike trade. At the close
of last season she was thoroughly over
riaiilea and made as good as new, after
which she was laid up at Antloch for the
winter. She was brought Sown yesterday
ana docked at her old berth at Washing"
ton-street wharf. She will leave for Se
attle next Sunday, and wfll hereafter run
between Seattle and Skaguay direct. All
the other steamers on the route stop at
Juneau and Dyea, but the
"Alaska flyer" will only have the two
ports of call, and Captain Bonnifleld ex
pects to make the run in sixty-two hours
The schooners Volant and Seven Sisters
a.re having hard luck. The Volant left
here on October 8 and the Seven Sisters
on October 22 for Nehalem River. Th«y
got in over the bar and secured a load
of lumber all right, but while loading was
poing on the river had fallen so low that
they could not get out again. The Asto
rian says:
It is thought the schooners can be taken i
ever the bar without removing any of their I
cargoes, as the winter freshets have cut a new !
channel leading to the ocean of sufficient depth !
to allow them to pass through. The new chan- j
nel runs -close to the sooth Hide of the harbor i
end the old one. on the north side, Is now en- I
1 1 rely clnged up. There is eighteen feet of
timer in u he new channel at high tide, and with '
this depth it is thought little difficulty will be I
round in takinr the schooners to sea When
the Fchooners last attempted to cross out they
stuck on the bar, and the Volume is leaking
at the rate of two inches an ho#p. Her rudder
and a piece of the keel were carried away
by the accident. Her repairs will cost $5000.
• Seven Sisters 18 also injured to the
extent of over $"00
The bark Mohican, which Failed from
Honolulu on the 12th inst. for San Fran
cUoo, went on a reef while making her
way to sea. Thf captain tried to sail out
and when in mid-channel th.< wind Ml
light and the bark drifted on Miowefa
POSTUM CEREAL.
A TEACHER'S DUTY
Extends to Food and Drink.
I noticed 'wo of my little pupils,
brother and «ister, when reaching up
for a hook or any article that l desired
to hand to them, trembled more or \em
from the fingers to thr shoulder.
I finally concluded this was not shy
but was really some physical
trouble, and upon inquiring I discov
ered that they were In the habit of
drinking coffee every morning for
breakfast. 1 warned the children to
off the (offer, for 1 knew it was
th-'- cause of their trouble, and would
ruin them if continued in. I always
urge children to use Postum Food Cof
fee, for I know that to be healthful,
strengthening and a perfectly natural
liquid food. A short time thereafter
the little folk? spoken of were entirely
well of their slight palsy.
It is a distressing state of affairs
wbtre parents permit children to U6e
ordinary coffee.
Many cases have come to my notice
where the taste of Postum was not
llkr-d, but in all such cases the dislike
arises from the failure to properly boil
it. It is a very tasteless liquid when
underboiled, and a very delicious,
strong, rich, satisfying coffee when
boiled long enough to bring out the
flavor and food value. Dr. Helen Coe,
267 \V. Ferry street, Buffalo, N. T.
THE ITALIAN SHIP CAVALJERE CIAMRA OIN
FIRE AT THE GAS W/ORKS.
Reef. A tug towed her off. and after the
pumps were tested and it was seen that
the vessel was making no water the cap
tain decided to come on to San Francisco.
There is trouble with th^ crew of the
transport Morgan City over a cut in
wages. Formerly the sailors were paid
$30 and the (juartermasters $35 a month.
X..W the rate is $25 »n<\ $80 b ir>..nt»i re
spectively. Nor is this all. Formerly
there were employed eight sailors m»J
four quartermasters and a mess boy each
for the sailors and firemen. Now the
crew consists of six sailors at $25. three
o.uart^rmast^rs at $30 and one mess boy
for both sailors and firemen at $15 a
month.
The trouble began last payday. Since
the vessel has been in port the men have
been paid off twice. On Ihe first occa
sion the crew pot the usual wage, but on
the second occasion they were tendered
the lower amount. The men refused to
accept thr lower figure and walked out.
Captain Dillon then went to Lam's sail
or boarding house and secured a crew at
the lower rate. Now tfu-se men are
THEIR CRAWS WERE
FILLED WITH GOLD
Remarkable Enterprise of Some Intelligent
Fowls.
ON Saturday last The Call published the exclusive account of the find
ing of a rich ledge of gold In this city in the neighborhood of Noe, Cas
tro and Hartford streets, in the particular district bounded by Nine
teenth and Twentieth streets.
Jonathan Anderson, a builder, claims to have discovered this vein of
gold two years ago, while engaged In digging a sewer on Hartford street.
It has been generally known in the neighborhood thnt there was a vrin of
gold In that vicinity. Rumor has It that paying tock has been taken from
individual lots in small quantity. This lodge of quartz runs beneath a num
ber of dwellings, which precludes the idea of mining thf gold unless the
houses be first torn down, and the uncertainty of the quality and quantity of
the rock has so far prevented this from being done.
It remained for John Q. A. Patterson, who lives at the southeast corner of
Hartford and Nineteenth streets, to discover a means hy which this precious
ore may be mined. A chicken, a thin white chicken, was the medium
through which Patterson made his discovery. In all the history of California
a ohiekan has never before posed as a miner. Now that these feathered
animals have entered a now field, where they may be even more useful than
in the soup, It is safe to say that their value will be enhanced and that in
the future they will be exclusively raised for another purpose than that of
being eaten. Patterson was recently digging a foundation for a small house
which he erected on the corner he has purchased. He had in the yard a
numßer of fowls, that scratched and dug to their hearts' content in the
ciirth thrown up. It was mostly gravel. Now, if there is anything that a
chicken of educated tastes likes it Is gravel. Well. Patterson's chickens ate
pravel all the day. They made no distinctions; they ate any kind of gravel
that was thrown up from the foundation trenches.
Only a short while ago Patterson killed some of these same chickens
that had eaten the gravel, and to his amazement he found in their craws
a quantity of small gold. One old rooster Is said to have had an ounce of this
gold deposit. This particular chicken was worth at least $20. Of course
this will naturally have the effect of raising the price on chickens that come
from that portion of the city. Hereafter they will be sold by the gram and
ounce. Some of the market men are already trying to corner the market on
all the fowls that have been raised In the neighborhood of the gold vein and
one particularly enterprising poultry vender says he will hereafter guarantee
to his customers a gold-filled craw with every chicken that they may pur
chase.
All the residents of the neighborhood have begun to feed their fowls on
gravel. One man. who has a vacunt lot, expects to plow it up and then turn
loose a lot of starved chickens in it. He expects to reap a golden harvest
from the craws of the fowls. The golden egg story is being knocked out by
the enterprise of these energetic broilers. Hen mining bids fair to become
an accepted Industry, and chicken placers will be regularly .handled by the
local real estate men.
THE BAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899.
grumbling, and it looks as though there
w<'iil < i be another strike before the
transport gets away.
Death of I. N. Choynski.
Isidor N. Choynski. the well-known po
litical writer and editor of Public Opin
j ion. died yesterday at his residence, 1209
t Golden Gate avenue. Besides a widow. Mr.
, Cboynsld leaves five children, four sons
; and a dauKhter. One of his sons. Her-
I bort. was an nffiVer in the California
Heavy Artillery during the late war;
whlie Joseph Chojnski, the pugilist, an
other son. is known throughout the coun
try. Mr. Choynski was a native <>f Ger
many and W years <«f ag». The funeral
': will be held to-morrow morning from his
I late residence, the interment being in
i Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
Hall Came expresses his opinion
of American journalism in next Sun
day's Call.
STUDENTS ON
A HUNT FOR A
NIGHT SCHOOL
Seeking Learning Un
der Difficulties.
DIRECTOR HEAD'S WORK
THE NEIGHBORING SCHOOLS
ALL CROWDED.
Pupils Circulate a Petition to Be
Presented to the Board of
Education This Even
ing.
The unusual spectacle of a band of
students hunting for a school was wit
nessed in the Mission last Monday even-
Ing. It was occasioned by the sudden
closing of the Mission Evening School last
Friday, by order of Director Head of the
Board of Education. The eighty pupils
assembled at the schoolhouse Monday
night and awaited the opening of the
doors. Becoming weary of the long de
lay they went In a body to the residence
of one of their teachers and were told that
their school had gone out of business and
that they could go either to the Horace
Mann School on Valencia and Twenty
fifth streets, or to the Franklin school on
Eighth street, near Bryant, both insti
tutions eight blocks away.
The boys trampled down to the Horace
Mann and found it crowded. They then
marched to the Franklin, where the same
condition of affairs was encountered.
Then they quit.
A. H. Hutchinson, editor of "Our
Youth," published at 1914 Howard street,
wrote to the Superintendent of Schools
relative to the matter and received the
following reply:
SAX FRANi'lsro, Cal., January 16, IW9.
A. li. Hutchinson. 1914 Howard Street, City-
Dear Sir: Your letter at hanu and permit me
to ea.v in rc:>ly that it is the poliry of the
present Board of Education to, as far as ]»<fsi
ble, curtail the expenses of our department. I
find in the Mission Evening Sfhool but .-even
pupils enrolled in the bookkeeping class. To
retain thin teacher and clan* wouiu h.^ m
direct violation of the resolution of the Board
of Education. Classes in Ixiokkeeplnc are
conducted in the Horace Mann Evening Softool,
Lincoln Evening and Business Evening. Those
pupils who were affected by this consolidation
may attend any or these schuols. Trusttng
that you will consider this just. I am, very
respectfully yours, C. W. MAUK,
Deputy Superintendent.
The students have circulated the fol
lowing petition through the Mission
which will be presented to the Board of
Education this evening:
To the Honorable Board of Education— We
the undersigned, residents of the Mission,
whose children attend the Mission Night
School, peiition your honorable body not to
elope the same, lor the following reasons:
1. Both the Horace Mann and the Franklin
Schools arp too far away for most of the
children attending to walk to In time, and
workiiiK boys . and girls cannot afford to pay
car fare.
I Both the Horace Mann and the Franklin
BehOOll are bo crowded that it will be impos
sible for additional scholars to obtain neces
»ary explanations and personal attention from
the teachers, while large classes are generally
disorderly.
3. The transfer at this time, even If the
scholars could attend, would put the children
back so far In their lessons that It would be
discouraging and might prevent some from
further attempting to obtain an education un
der such discouraging conditions.
"Christian Science and Why I ;
Broke Away From It," by Josephine
Curtis Woodbury, in next Sunday's
Call.
-•«
- Scores Politics.
o
♦
o
♦
The Congregational Club held Its regu
lar dinner last evening at the California
Hotel.. The social assembly preceded th<^
dinner by a half hour. At its conclu
sion the guests sat down to an elegantly I
served repast, which was heartily en- !
joyed. R. H. Chamberlain presided as
the toastmaster of the evening. The
speaker was Rabbi Voorsanger. The tenor
of his address was a comparison of the
times when the world in its political
faiths claimed not the purifying effect of
I Christianity, as compared with the de
i moralizing power of politics of to-day.
It is needless to say that the men of
I to-day suffered by the comparison made
Iby the rabbi. He casually referred to
the present situation at Sacramento, and
said that if this nation was a Christian
nation, as it claimed to be, and the state
of affairs existed at Sacramento as they
! have been represented, that then no can
: didate could be elected as long as man
i retained his honesty. v
.
THE PEOPLE OWN
THE TRANSFERS
They Have the Undoubted Right o
Give Them Away.
Judge Mogran does not believe in city
ordinances connected with corporations
making unreasonable burdens upon the
citizens, and from that standpoint he yes
terday dismissed the case of Michael
I Freeman, a boil«r-roaker, charged with
giving away a transfer of the Market
l street Railroad Company.
Last Sunday Freeman took a car to the
park, intending to go to the Cliff House.
When he reached Halght and Stanyan
streets he decided to go to the park and
gave his transfer to a teoy. He was ar-
I rested, and the case was argued before
] the Judge yesterday. Attorney Kelly for
the company read the ordinance, which
j sayß that no person shall "issue, deliver,
give or sell or offer to deliver, giv^ or
sell any transfer, check or ticket." He
contended that the transfer ticket was
given as a privilege to be used only by
the individual to whom it was issued.
Attorney McGregor for the defendnant
argued that the transfer belonged to the
passenger and he had a right to dispose
of it as he saw fit. The Judge took that'
•view of the matter, holding that the
ticket was given in lieu of the nickel. He
said it might b« different with the person
who got the transfer from the passenger,
but that point was not at issue. Ho did
not believe, in ordinances being passed to
impose unreasonable burdens upon the
citizens. He therefore dismissed the case.
POSSIBLE GRAND JURORS.
Names Drawn by the Superior Court
in Bank.
The Superior Court met In bank yester
day for the purpose of drawing names of '■
citizens to serve on the Grand and petty |
juries during the present year. The names I
.of 144 citizens were selected for the Grand
Jury panel, and from this number two
Grand Juries will be selected to serve
I during the year. The names of 2400 trial ■
\ jurors were drawn by the twelvp Judges !
| the number being 1200 less than that
drawn last year.
Following is the list of talesmen for the
Grand Jury:
Judge Seawrtl, Department I— A. C. Freese
John P. Dunn. William M. Hinton H h'
loung. S. H. Daniels, E. J. Le Breton E A."
Denlcke, Lewis R. Mead, John M. Klein 'l
Gutte, Peter J. Dunne, Timothy P. Rlorda'n.
Judge Daingerfleld, Department 2— W. S
t»age, A. Jacobs. Llpman Kaiser. John H
Bremer, W. A. Frederick. John T. Sullivan,
John J Ryan, Alfred J. Vanderwhite. William'
W hite, B. P. Flint, J.>nn Morton, Thomas J. I
v\ alsh.
p-r^i^p «£ or * c -H ; Bahrs, Department 3-
Frank P. Sherman, James B. Smith, George F
Gray, Charles G. Clinch. Edward R. Rock',
I-rederlck Lurmann. Charles F. Thierb'aeh -K.
\\ertheimer. A. Repsold, F. A. Kuhls, S. C.
Bernstein. William H. Leahy.
\x-nu cc I' £ B Y- Hebba rd. Department 4-
William Crocker, George H. Luchslnger. Wil-
U^i I l' L ," le .' T A - c - Robinson, William J.
Rudd.ck, John 1 L. Haskell, E. H. Parrish,
Bernard Schweitzer, John C. Wolf. Herman
Hermanson. M. M. Regensburger. I. H. Thomn
ftnn . r
Judge John Hunt, Department s— Charles
S. i app; Ludwig Altschul. Theodore E. Smith,
Chauneey R. Winslow. John W. Carmany. Wil
liam 41. , NewhaH. ■ William J. Bryan, James
Penman, Alfred W. Manning, Thomas G.
Taylor, P. F. Butler. Michael Flood
v Judge t Frank H. v Dunne, Department 6-
Frederick Staude, John. Bennett, Conrad Horr
id!?. 1 . F ; a L 9 rl^ an - Samuel Sussmaji, George
D. Clark. Jeremiah O'Leary, Moses Stern, Wtl
amv^a& William J. Golcher,- Isaac Walter
Berthold Kahn.
Judge Edward A. Belcher, Department 7—
Charles L. Field. E. P. Danforth, C S Bene
dict, C. G. Young, A. P. Redding, Lippmun
Sachs. William Clulr. W. H. Cilm, John K. C
Hobbs, A. H. Vail. William Pi Smith. James
C. Rpauldlng. i-- . ; ■•,---!
I Judge Frank J. Mura*ky. Department S—
Felix Grons, Robert McKlroy. P.- F. Nolan P
Boland, Paul F. Kingston. John A Stanton'
Thomas M. duff. Carl A.- Henry. R. M. Ho
taling, William F. Ambrose. Homer S. Kin*
Frank H. Kilduff. 8l
Judge J. V. Coffey, Department 9— James
Humphrey. : Michael J. Vaußhan, George Cum
ming. Pierre Dreydemi. David H. Walter
Augustus Tlllman.. Patrick J. Healy, Patrick
Plover, John R. Doyle, Michael Kane, William
Jay Smith, Jo Gordon.
, Judge ■ James M. Troutt, Department 10-^-'
Wendell Easton, '/':. I. Dodge, J. A. Weston
P. D. Code. Charles Reed, E. M. Fritz, Philip
Stern, Louis L.ask, ■ Ernest A. Leigh, F. W.
Dohrmann, Frank J. Symmes, Charles C. Me-
Dougall. r» • .:' ■ •
Judge William P. Lawlor. Department 11—
William Haas, John Mulhern, J. P. Berlnr.
Arthur G. Towne. Matthew Nunan, Meyer
Ehrman, Großvenor P. Ayres, B. Aitolph
Becker. F. Arata, Daniel K>efe, Emll Rohte,
Henry M. Whitely. ■
Judee Carroll Cook, Department 12— J. F.
Houghton. George W. Reaver, J. F. Kennedy,
Irving M. Scott, Jacob Levi Jr.. H. J. Burns,
J. L. McLsughlin, John F. Wulzen, J. P. Mc
■ Murray. Alfred Lilienfeki, Morris Brandt. J.
Edlln.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SINGULAR STATEMENT.
i — —
From Mrs. Rank to Mrs. Pinkham.
The following letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham from Mrs. M. Rank, No. 2,354
East Susquehanna Aye., Philadelphia,
Pa., is a remarkable statement of re-
lief from utter discouragement. She
says:
"I never can find words with which
to thank you for what Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done'
for me.
" Some years ago I had womb trouble
and doctored for a long time, not see-
ing any improvement. s At times I
would feel well enough, and other
times was miserable. So it went on
until last October, I felt something
terrible creeping over me, I knew not
what, but kept getting worse. I can
hardly explain my feelings at that
time. I was so depressed in spirits
that I did , not wish to live, although I
had . everything to live for. Had hys-
teria, was very nervous; could not
sleep and was not safe to be left
alone.
Indeed, I thought I would lose my
mind. No one knows what I endured.
"1 continued this way until the last
of February, when I saw in a paper a
testimonial of a lady whose ease was
similar to mine, and who had been
cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
ble Compound. I determined to try it,
and felt better after the first dose. I
continued taking it, and to-day am a.
well woman; and can say from my
heart, 'Thank God for such a medi-
cine. " • , • "/'■■' ■ - (
. Mrs. Pinkham , invites all suffering-
Women to write to her at Lynn, Mass.,
for advice. All such letters are seen
and answered by women only. ■
JF» 1 ' ** LOST VIGOR,
JCaßft: — AND MANHOOD
GZcjf?*Jk Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
H)9i diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
■ indiscretion. A nerve/tonic and blood-builder.
, •^jw Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tv
It j^v/ 1 stores the fire of youth. t My mail SOo per :
FAJ^ftL box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
vfi^^S?^guarantee to cure or refund the money. ,' • • "
«mitt undies' Co., CHnton ft aacksen its., Ghicaflj.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant ave., San Francisco.
a^smm RUPTURE.
W&vE/^^siP USE NO MORE IRON
•g^KgSbmg&l&r Hoops or Steel Springs.
- m^^Btßß^r~" Rupture retained with ease
m*~^'JKr*X. and comfort, and thousands radl-
■ /ML really CURED by, DR. PIERCES
Wk yJ3* Magnetic Elastic ; Truss. EX Call at
. y^gy office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
i MAGNETIC elastic TRUSS CO..
C2O Market st.,opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
CROWNING DISCOVERY
OF THE CENTURY
A New System of Medicine Discovered by
an Eminent Scientist for the Positive
Cure of Consumption, Lung
Troubles and All Wasting
Diseases.
CONSUMPTION CAN BE CURED.
Do you cough?
Do your lungs pain you?
Is your throat sore ani inflamed?
Do you spit up phlegm?
Does your head ache?
Is your appetite bed?
Are you losing flesh?
Are you pale and thin?
Are your lungs delicate?
Do you lack stamina?
These symptoms are proof that you
have in your body the seeds of th^ most
dangerous malady that has ever devas-
tated the carth — consumption.
Consumption, the bane of i'.k.s? who
have b?en brought up in the ald-fash-
ioned beliefs that this disease was here-
I ditary. that it was fatal, that none
could recover who were un<" firmly
clasped in its relentless grip.
Bur now known to be curable, made
so by the world-vtfrring discoveries of
that mali whose name has bee;i given to
this r.-w system oi" treatment.
Now known to be preventable and
curable by following and practicing his
hygienic teachings.
The new system of medicine will
cure you of consumption and of all dis-
eases which can b- traced back to weak
lungs as a foundation.
It is not a drug system, but a system
of germ annihilation and body building.
Not guesswork, but science.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
At GRAND ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KtT, 327 Sixth St.,
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY. January 2S, at 11 a. m..
We will sell a carload i f horses from Orovllle.
ranging in weight from I**l to 1200 pounds.
Among- them are several good driving and car-
riage horses; also 10 head of horses from the
Oakland Meat Company; also 20 head of all
purpose horses, buggies, harness, etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
: J^^^ . : • Steamer* leave Broadway
j HStHh. wharf, San Francisco:
1 BBaßiWk , For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
1 Hrs3H^ Jan ' -'' 16 ' 21 - 26 - 31: Feb - 5:
1 MaJHI^HH change at Seattle.
. cßSeK^>!*Sßi For Victoria. Vancouver. (B.
I J"SSEfei*s<3as C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
' Taccma. E^'erett. Ar.acorte*
"■"B^ and New ,\Vhateom (Wash).
■ * 10 a. m.. Jan. 11, 16, 21. 28, 31;
' Feb. 6, and every fifth day thereafter: chan«r»
'at Seattle to thtß company's Btearn-rs for
j Alaska and G. N. By. : .t Tacoma to N. P. Ry. :
I at Vancouver to C. P. Ry- _
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan.
14. 19. 24. 29; Feb. 3. and every fifth day there-
* f Fo r Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford. (Pan Luis Oblspo).
i Ga'viota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem-
! Ban Pedro. East San Pedro 'Los Ang« i;.) ami
: Newport. 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 1«. 20. 24, 8; Feb.
1 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford fEan Luis Obispo). Snnta Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles and Itednndo .Los An cle*>. 11 a.
m." .Tan 14. 18. .82. «, 30. Feb. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter. .
For Knsenada. Macdalena Bay. f.an .Tost del
! Cabo. Masatl&n. Altata. L.a Paz. Santa Rosalia
| »nd Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. in.. Jan. 14. Feb. 9.
For further information obtain foMor.
The company reserves the rlsht to ch«n^
without previnux notice, steamers, tailing dates
ar rl hz-tif^i <-.* ■ llr>»*.
TK'KKI OFFICE— New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel).
i GOODALL. PERKINS A- CO.. Oeti Arts..
 10 Market St.. San Francises
THF 0, R. & N, CO,
■ r>JP* ft AT<""*"' FAST C TEAMETtS T» .
PORTLAND
From. Spear-street Wharf nt 11 ft. m.
CADC *t2 First Class Including Berth-.
iHnC '8 Second Clas-! and .Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. 13. 23, Feb. «.,--
Elate of California sails Jan. S. 18. 28. Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts.
Helena -and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
• : E. C. WARD, - General Agent,
■-: . ..-. . ..- • 638 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..  - =
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Htogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fo-
Indla. etc. No cargo received on fcoarrt on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 25
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
A WEEK'S newi for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 Dates, in wraDDer. for mailing. II Der i-ear.
Not a step backward, but a stride out
of the old ruts.
Made possible only by Pasteur's,
Koch's, Virehc.v's. Metchnikoff's latent
discoveries in bacteriology, hygiene and
therapeutics.
In plain English, a system of modern
scientific disease fighting.
The system consists of three remedies
which act simultaneously and supple-
] ment each others curative action.
You are invited to test what this sys-
i tern will do for you. if you are sick,
| by writing for a free trial treatment to
the Slocum Laboratories.
Send your name and full address to
I Dr. T. A. Slocum Laboratories, 98 Pine
, street. New York, and the three free
bottles of medicine will be forwarded
y<nj.
The system is a positive cure for con-
sumption, that most insidious disease,
and for all lung troubles and disorders
complicated by loss of flesh. Couch?,
Catarrh, bronchitis, sore throat, etc.
Thin, pale, shivery, weak people be-
come fat and hearty.
The test is to try it.
Every first-ciass druggist dispenses
the Slocum System of Treatment in
large original packages, with full di-
rections for use. When writing the
. doctor please tell him you road this in
i The Call.
! • OCEAN TRAVEL.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantiqus.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS __
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <f#jß£fe,
lat 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North
i River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMAXDIE Jan ••
! LA GASCOGNE Feb "!
i LA CHAMPAGNE .■..'""Feb 11
I LA.BRETAGNE F>b IS
! LA TOURAINE I Feb '3
First class to Havre. $6S and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, $15. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI *• CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery are.. Pan Francisco.
A3S±.aawm9a*& The & s. mart.
M' i *MJlllflSrllLr'C'.'A -ails via Hono-
■ jffßjfc w lulu and Auckland for
12 vtXrSPm >S*~^*\ Sydn> , > l Wednesday,
•a^^MnshlD'--' Ja «' B - AUSTRALIA
sBa«wcyttfliiiJiuy Falls for Honolulu
i^B^ lOlMfc)ai/jtf*Weinesday. February
£Z> ••• »>Jlil^W»>q g 1559 at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE '
TOWN. South Africa.
1. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Apentf.
■' 114 Montgnmery street.
Freight Office— 32T Market st.. San Francl'Cft. j
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "MonticaUo."
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:13 p. m. (S:2O p. m. except Thur.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays '..... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
Telephone Main 1503.
VITALfS
" 4 %^if t9/**& THE new
in Day. nim^Jlfa. \UW CDCUry
VITAUS 2tthC:! -'- s*» M DCUjcnV
PRObt? KS THE AKin 30th Day. nCltl Zi£ £ 8 I
HKSILT9. !lq<iitlil)'ftiit:r«l7r«in9r»XerTOiisn«»,lmpoteney,
Rightly Eminion*, Kvil DrM'.tit TVastiri; Ditcuci and all e2*cU
; of «clfali!is»or "Xc"s »nd lutliotrrtion. Restores Lo» Tltnlltr
Power »nd Filling Memory. War.l. off In«»nity and Cwnipp.
tion. Cure* when ill other* fail. In«mtoa having VITA LI
no other. ■ r»n be carried in the vest pocket. 11/iTioil <>*.O«»
per packacn »r six for 4>s.Oft wilh ■ gnnnintee to Cure or "
Krfiin<l the Money. Circaln Free. AddreM
'!AI.IUET Ci: UK CO., 884 Dearborn St.. Chlcag*
Sold by Owl Drue Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
fw FAVORITE
ML fOR WEABiWOWEM.
B ' X C 1"« mn-pp;*onnfl»
|H *%£fl remedy for Gonrrrhiea.
£JM^ OCttEi»^l Gleet, rtnar o rrhira,
g£»>Wiß l tos<i»7«.>M Whites, unnatural iis-
«H7 Ctirantced *| charges, or any inflamm*.
H"oa not to nt'iciaro. tioD, irritation or uicer»-
■*JJj:r««nu eon'.igion. tiou of mucous niera-
■f^a^rHFEYA-.S CHEiiifni P,o. brano*. Non-astringent.
MULCmC!NNATI,O DM Sold hj- S>«"nKpi«ts.
Vfl^. v. *». A j, Hor '" nt ln Plain wrapper,
i-TQk " <rfnl 2? "Pr* l "*! prepaid, fo«
*<^BBMF^ O 1 I. 1 - 0 "' or 3 tottlca. «2.75.
• h ■ Oirciuar a».at oa rssr^Sfc
•^^V ®r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ikj^l 025 KEAKXY J*T. Established
§. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
1 62*» KEABXY J«T. EstaWlshed
B in 1854 for the treatment of t'; lrala
a^*^^ s??I r)ise;is«-s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
fisnC3£?^v-?'vk disease wearing on bod mind and
%ssffi&&iAiJ skin Diieases. Thpdi>ciorcures\vhen
.Te^T^fsS others fall Try him. Charges low
Ht'tarrucruaritntcfd. Callcrwrita
3r. 4. I. uißß«.\,n»i 1957, Franciaoa
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REVIVING THE
ANIMOSITIES
OF YEARS AGO
Democrats Engage in
a Bitter War.
FIGHTING FOR PARTY CONTROL
DAVIE WILL NOT HUNT A NOM
INATION.
Etill He May Be a Candidate—Repub
licans Are Confident of the
Success of Their
Ticket.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Jan. 24.
With throe conventions yet to he held
there is no lack of interest in municipal
politics Blnce the Republican conven
tion Democrats have been busily trying
to work out a plan of salvation for them
selves. They have not yet succeeded, but
consider that they have almost attained
their desires. Already it is clear that the
party is divided on the old lines, and no
ticket which ran be named will meet with
the support of both faction?.
There is a revival of the discord that
had its birth in th> Murphy-Uudd tight in
the State convention four years at;o.
Since that time the Budd Democrats
have had everything their own way. and
although they have secured for them
selves many fat Federal and State offices
the other faction declares that the party
and its organization in this county have
gone to the canines.
The Fitzgerald wing fears that if the
Laymance wing maintains control of t!ie
convention a ticket will be put up that
t>i< party cannot accept n.s a whole and
that some of the discredited six members
of the Council will bo renominated.
It is interesting to note that three of
the solid six arc Democrats and three .Re
publicans. The Republicans have al
ready repudiated their half of the obnox
ious sextet, and it is expected that 'he
Democrats will do the same. The Lay
man cc wing declares thai if it controls
the convention it will put up the strong
est straight Democratic ticket seen '.n
this city since the times when C D.
Pearce and John H. Glascock were elect
ed to the Mayoralty. They deny that
they have any intention of nominating
any members of the Council who do not
enjoy the confidence of the peopli . and
are boasting that if allowed to they wi.l
name a winning ticket.
The other faction declares that if this
■ sln< ere that is all they want, but
at the same time they hint that such a
boast is not made in good faith.
The Independents are now preparing
for their convention next Monday. There
appears to be several candidates for near
ly every office, and although John L. i'a
vie is mentioned on the street as their
candidate for Mayor, lie by no means in
dorses the rumor. Ex-Mayor Da vie was
very much Incensed to-day at an editorial
in a morning paper classing him with the
solid six of the Council. He declares that
the records plainly show that he had no
"solid six" in the Council and that not
a single one of hia vetoes was sustained.
"As to being In a conspiracy," he said,
"to secure a nomination from the Inde
pendents and an indorsement from the
Democrats, it is absolutely false. 1 am
not seeking a nomination from any con
vention, nor do I crave one. If I run for
Mayor I shaJl run on Davie's record and
shall not attempt to disguise any of the
ISBU< s. Some people evidently fear my
Btrength in the <•■ immunity, for they never
lose an opportunity to make it appear
that there is a great chance of my being
elected. J am not mixing in politics at
all. but am running a freight ferry sys
tem in opposition to the railroad com
pany and am minding my own business.
•Four years ago 1 was elected. Two
years ago 1 was beaten by about seventy
1 do not Bee any reason to per
myself that I am any less strong
now than I was then. 1 am not cam
paigning, but when a disposition is shown
to he'.ittle me J can always refer to the
fact that It was John L. Davie who
rorced the Southern Pacific Company to
reduce its ferry fares 33 per cent on single
trips arid 20 per cent nn round trips across
the bay. Every passenger has enjoyed
this for over live years. Therefore 1 do
not think I have any reason to apologize
or defend myself."
Even after giving his explanation Da-
Vie did not absolutely deny being a can
didate, but he created the Impression tint
if he be wanted to head the ticket of
any convention it will be necessary to
Beck him. because he certainly will not
seek the nomination.
The Republican City Central Committee
Is outlining a plan of campaign. No meet
ings have yet been held, and it is the in
tention of the committee not to have i
long campaign, but to make things
hustie f,,r three or four weeks prior to
March 13. Great confidence is expressed
that the entire Republican ticket W |ll >„,
elected, especially as it has tue powerful
moral support of the Municipal League
The platforms of the Municipal League
and the Republicans embrace all the
factors of good, progressive and economi
cal government and are really all the
campaign material that should be needed
OAKLAND DEMOCRATS.
Committee of Twenty-One Finally-
Appointed.
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.— The Democratic !
City Central Committee has called a con- I
vention to me P t next Tuesday night In i
Germania Hall. The following are the '
members of the committee of twenty-one '
who will name the J47 delegates-
FlrstWard-M. Hanley, J. C. Bullock,
Henry Schmidt. ' j
Second Ward— William Lenane, M Me- '
Govern. J. ParrelL »
Third Ward— P. O'Kane, L. Kehoe, W
O Rourke.
Fourth Ward— M. M. Hennings, P. A.
Cox, J. T. Fuhey.
Fifth Ward— li. McFadden, F. F Wes- !
ton, James Downey. H. McPlke, Con I
Brosnahan, W. D. English
Sixth Ward - Kd Stanley, Hugh Me-'
Cunne. Chnrles O'Gara.
Seventh Ward— Dr. A. Fine, F. Trower
John Mitchell, M. J. Laymance, Dr. For
tune, C. L. Close.
There were two sets of throe names
handed in by the Fifth and Seventh as
In these wards the two eommitteormn
are uivid^d, one being a Laymance man
and the other a Fitzgerald follower It
was decided that each committeeman
should name one of the three ami tha'
these two should name the third. Of the
147 delegates it looks aa if 83 will consti
tute the Fitzgerald strength in the con
vention, while Laymance may have 84
This ensures a genuine Democratic con
y. ntion.
J. J. McDonald was elected secretary of
the City Central Committee.
A Costly Bicycle.
OAKLAND. Jan. '^.-Aticr hanging fire
in court for the past iwT. years the charge
of ombczzlemeiu against Joseph Betten
courl was to-day dismissed in Judge
Hall's court on the ground thai the evi
dence was not sufficient to convict
4.hout two years ago Beueiieourt was
tried by a iury In Judge Greene's court
for felony embezzlement, the article al
leged to nave been emiiezzUii being a bi
cycle A verdict convicting him of mis
demeanor embezzlement v.-as brought in.
mid afterward set aside. Bettemourt had
spent three months in jail and w;is grant
ed a new trial, which was to nave come
on to-day, hut owing to the jack of evi
dence the case was dismissed on motion
of Deputy District Attorney Melvin. who
urged moreover, that the accused had al-
TL-.iOy' been punished sufficiently.
Woman's work in the war by the
leaders, in next Sunday's Call,
A CHARACTER IN
LOCAL HISTORY
Death of William P. Toler, Who Raised the First
American Flag in California*
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— William P. Toler. the midshipman who first hoisted the
American flag on California soil fifty-two years ago, died at his home on
Albion street this evening. His deatli is attributed to heart failure and
dropsy. He was 73 years of age and leav a a widow and one son.
William P. Toler was born in Venezuela. December 3, 1825. His father
was in the diplomatic service of the United States at Venezuela at that
time, where he married a Spanish lady of that country. Toler was educated
in Virginia, his father's native State. He was appointed a midshipman in the
navy by Henry Clay four years before the naval academy was established. He
came to this coast with Commodore Jones, upon whose staff he was, and im.
mediately upon his arrival at Monterey he landed with a small force on Octo
ber 19, 1542, hauled down the Mexican flag and hoisted the American flag on the
same pole. The soldiers of the Mexican army retired, but Toler and Midship
man Larrentree were ordered to search the office of the Collector or Customs.
In looking about the office Toler stumoled on a small bundle of newspapers that
had been thrown aside and never opened. Upon investigation this proved to
contain late news from the Atlantic side, showing that Commodore Jones had
made a mistake in being premature, and therefore he hauled down the Ameri
can flag again, and on October 28 hoisted the Mexican flag once more, saluted it
and sailed homo.
Four years later Toler was ordered back to Monterey, coming on the staff of
Commodore John D. Sloat, coming ashore with the detachment on July 7, 1846.
At this time the Mexicans had retired and he again hoisted the American flag.
Atter taking possession on behalf of the United States, and after Monterey was
taken, Toler, in command of a "detachment of seamen, erected a log fort.
Mr. Toler resided in Oakland for many years. ills wife was a daughter at
the Peraltas who, at one time, owned nearly all of Oakland. His only sur
viving son, J. Hoyt Toler, is the well-known music teacher.
MAD HORSE RUNS
THROUGH A STORE
LEAVES A TRAIL OF WRECKAGE
ON THE STREET.
Scared by the Local Train the Animal
Was Injured Badly and
Shot.
Oakland Office San Franicsco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 124.
A butcher's wagon was hauled into a
I grocery' store on Broadway by a mad
! dened horse this morning and wagon and
; store were wrecked, while the horse sus
tained such severe injury that it be
j came necessary to shoot him.
The rig was owned by Rice & White
and was hitched at Seventh and Broad
! way. Thr driver had .iust untied the horse
and was mounting the seal when the local
train came along. The horse bolted, the
! driver was thrown out and away went the
rig up Broadway. After a few blocks were
: covered one wheel and a portion of the
■ wagon were left In thff' street. On reach
'■. ing Twenty-second street the horse
! rushed through the half-open door of
I Helmke's grocery store. He dragged the
' smashed wagon after him into the store,
wrecking the fruit stand at the entrance
; and breaking everything in his path. By
! the time the horse came to a standstill in
the rear of the store the wagon was badly
shattered. The horse stopped abruptly
i and was led out. but by a peculiar con
; dition of affairs it was found impossible.
i to get the wagon out the way it was
pulled in. The animal was so badly hurt
that it was considered necessary to shoot
him. Although the rig covered fifteen
| blocks no one was hurt and th« horse
cleared everything in its way.
DEATH OF BABY PORTER.
■ „ -- • — , .• . •■ ■■'•-»•
i Coroner Mehrmann Inquiring as to
Its Cause. ■  ;.:-^
OAKLAND, Jan. Coroner Mehrmann |
! and a jury to-night inquired into the mys- |
i terious case of Elenore Porter, the six |
I weeks old babe who died under peculiar •
! circumstances at Beulah Rescue Home !
last Sunday. The mother of the infant, |
Miss Maud Porter, testified that she was |
! unmarried, a domestic servant by occu- i
I pation until several months ago, residing |
, with her aged father at San Jose. The
! child she claimed was born to her at the
' Alameda County Hospital on December :
17 last. Lately she has been cared for at ■
Beulah. a Salvation Army home. The
child, she said, appeared well at 6 o'clock
Sunday evening, when she left: it to at- j
I tend a religious meeting in the sewing- I
ADVERTISEMENTS. : . " %
, i_ . ' . " '■ . ■ ■■ *
For Constipation
use $$?
- w^ti^^^S ' AND BE SURE
4toX3jr YOU GET THE
<ft^ —GENUINE ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDN-ESJ)Ar, JAJNUARY 25, 1899.
room at Beulah Home. When she went
to the crib again at about 9 the little one
was dead.
In answer to a question by a iuror, the
witness stated that she had covered her
babe's head with a cotton quilt, as she
was in the habit of doing, and an autopsy
held by Dr. W. B. Church led to the con
clusion that death was due to asphyxia
tion. The young mother also testified that
when she found the baby dead there was
another girl, named Gertie, sick in the
same room. Thjs girl, beside others, is
now to be subpenaed, and the inquest was
continued until next Thursday night.
Matron Hannah Dennison and Lieuten
ant Elizabeth McKalg. who testified at
the Inquest to-night, will be recalled at
that time.
Mias Porter stated that she was unable
to pay for her child's burial, nor is her
aged father able to pay. and he requested
that the county authorities attend to this.
Reliance Benefit.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— Instead of the an
nual dramatic performance by the Char
ity Company for the benefit of the Reli
ance Athletic Club, a special programme
lias been arranged for the entertainment
next Friday evening. > The Reliance Club
has always been ready to respond with
its glee club, its athletes and its various
talent to the many charitable organiza
tions of this community, and Oakland so
ciety always considers it a cheerful duty
to make the Reliance annual benefit a big
success.
The well-known Orphous and Hughes
musical clubs have united for the occa
sion and have been rehearsing for some
time. They will be augmented by the Re
liance Orchestra and many well-known
professionals and amateurs. There is a
big demand for tickets for the benefit
Planing Mill Attached.
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.— An attachment
was levied this fifternoon on the planing
mill of Burnham. Stam'r-fftrd & Co lo
cated at the corner of First and Washing
ton streets, for J4IG9 10, sued out by White
Bros., a lumber firm of San Francisct).
The attached firm has been operating
the mil] for many years, and has won
the confidence and respect of the trade
and public. There is a large number of
men employed, and It is nbt unlikely that
the present financial trouble may lead to
their temporary discharge.
. « ♦ ■
Marriage Defeats the Law.
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.—The charge of
criminal assault preferred by _«lary Ma
chado against William Faria of Center
ville will probably be dismissed now, as
the young couple were married at Center-
Vllle to-day.
Farla is 20 years of age. The girl is
hardy 15 years old, ;md recently became a
mother. Mrs. Maohado threatened to
have young Faria sent to San Quentin be
cause he repeatedly refused to macry her
daughter. The marriage therefore has
satisfied the mother and daughter.
ROBERTS IS
A DISGRACE
TO CONGRESS
Oakland Women De
cry Polygamy.
PETITION SENT TO METCALF
ADVOCATES NO COMPROMISE
WITH BIGAMY.
The Convention Declares That Utah
Is No Longer Deserving of
a Place in the
Union.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 24.
A large audience of representative
women gathered at Reed Hall this even
ing to protest against the seating of Con
gressman-elect Brlgham H. Roberts of
Utah. The meeting was organized with
the election of Mrs. Sarah C. Borland as
president and Mrs. Ella Hughes as secre
tary.
Miss Pierce, who* had spent some time
in Utah and knew people and conditions
"there, was the first speaker.
She gave a detailed account of Roberts"
life, showing him as one of the theological
leaders of Mormonism. Attention was
called to his imprisonment in the peniten
tiary for polygamy, also to the fact that
he was not a regularly enfranchised citi
zen, since he could not avail himself of
the amnesty granted by President Cleve
land, never having given up polygamy.
Reference was aJso made to Roberts'
many wives and to> the children born from
plural marriages since Utah had become
a State. The twins so historic in the
Utah campaign were alluded to, as evi
dence that the compact with the nation
had not been kept as far as the Utah
statesman was concerned. The quotation
from the twins caused much merriment—
"Ha, ha, ha; he's my pa. He's going to
Washington, but he won't take ma!
This was a campaign cry in Utah.
The ultimate aim of Aformonism was
fully set forth, as was the old threat of
Brigham Young that "He would yet cram
polygamy down the throats .of the Ameri
can people." Extracts from speeches of
the elders of the Mormon church were
read to show that polygamy was a live
issue in the Mormon church, and that
Utah had not kept up to the promise
made when she was allowed to join the
sisterhood of States.
Miss Plerce'a paper was well received
and she was followed by Mrs. Louise Cock
roft, who read a newspaper article, writ
ten by Eugene Young, grandson of Brig
ham Young. It contained a powerful ap
peal for the down-trodden women of Utah
and showed in strong pictures the am
bition of the Mormon leaders and the ulti
mate ends to be attained by them. It was
not a question of a man, but of a princi
ple. The defense of polygamy had been
carefully worked out, and the return of
Roberts to the House of Representatives
was a challenge from Utah— and a recog
nition by the nation of polygamy, the
cornerstone of the Mormon religion. It
was a ringing address, powerfully read
by Mrs. Cockroft.
Mrs. H. B Plnney gave a short talk,
outlining the methods by whtch the Mor
mons attained their ends. She told a story
of a prominent pyysiclan who lived in a
little town In Utah, who, though a Mor
mon, did not practice polygamy. But as
soon as Utah was a State and there was
no longer need for secrecy, he Introduced
his other wives and their families to the
community. Mrs. Plnney also pointed out
the shrewd, underhand way in which the
Mormon tries to attain his ends, and
thought, in view of the ,facts, the time
had come for the women of the nation
to take a stand in defense of the homes
of the nation.
Mrs. Granville Abbott, president of the
Red Cross Society, was the next speaker.
She referred to the fact that strong, active
protests would deepen into action. There
was no doubt of the shock to the moral
sentiment of the nation by the Insult that
; had been put upon it. It was the day of
I corrupt politics. The politicians were in
! the ascendency and in power; still the in
| dignant protest of the nation would be
listened to by the lawmakers if it were
; loud enough. The election of Roberts was
; an insult to the sacredness of the home.
Mrs. George Babcock gave her observa
tions of Mormon life and Mormon work
during a stay in Salt Lake, and pointed
out how fatal a mistake it was to trust
to Mormon integrity by taking Utah into
the Union.
Mrs. MeCleas spoke of the duty which
women owed the nation in this crisis.
They had not votes, but they had influ
ence. Each woman could work actively
iin her own circle, and the aggregate
| would roll up such a mass of influence
that no body of men would disregard it.
It would horrify the new Congressman
when he came to take his seat.
The sentiment of the meeting was fully
expressed that the election of Brigham
H. Roberts was a direct insult to the
citizens of the nation; that the women of
I the nation felt keenly the lowering of the
home standard which it would mean. A
polygamist could never legislate for the
American women. Two methods were
i suggested— one to prevent Congressman
elect Roberts from taking his seat by
I proving that he was not eligible, not a
; citizen, since he believed in polygamy and
had practiced it against the laws of the
United States. The other method related
to expelling Roberts from the House, the
i only danger In the latter course lying in
the fact that it would require a two-thirds
vote of the House, and there could be no
certainty of that.
Messages were received from Mrs. Rob
ert Watt. Mrs. Alexander Martin and Mrs.
John Yule, expressing their sympathy in
the movement inaugurated.
The members are preparing to circulate
petitions everywhere in Oakland, so that
I the memorial shall be the most extensive
| one ever prepared on this side of the bay.
The heading of each petition reads as
i follows:
To the Hon. Victor H. Metcalf. Member of
Congress from the Third Congressional Dis
trict—Sir: We. the undersigned, voters In the
City of Oakland, State of California, believing
that it if contrary to the laws of the United
States and In defiance of the moral .sense of
citizens to allow Hrigham H. Roberts, Con
gressman-elect from Utah, to take his seat,
do hereby urge you to use your vote and in
fluence to exclude him.
"FOUND NO GAMBLING."
. i
Police Look for Games of Chance, but :
Find "Only Poker and Keno."
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— Chief of Police
Fletcher reports that he has. investigated
the story told by a City Councllm'an that
several gambling games are running in
this city and finds "nothing in It."
He had Sergeant Peterson search the
east side of Broadway last night, and Ser
geant Scanlan the west side, and both j
reported that no games were running, at j
least none prohibited by law.
There were poker and keno games in the
rear of cigar stores and saloons, wnieh. it i
is claimed, are not prohibited by the gen
eral anti-gambling laws.
Moreover, the Chief says that he has
received protests from several reputable
business men against stopping these
games, on the ground that gambling Is
going on In full blast in San Fram Isco |
and Oaklanders would therefore take
thell money across the bay and drop it.
Run Over by a Beer Wagon.
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.— Edward Uep. an
upholsterer residing at t">9l- Twenty-eighth
street, had a very narrow escape from be
ing crippled for life by a beer wagon to
day. Mr. Liep was crossing at Webster
and Thirteenth streets when he whs
fcnor.ked down by two horses attached to
a beer wagon, which ran over him. The
Jolt caused several kegs of beer to topple
down off the wagon and one of these
burst its contents, giving Mr. Liep a thor
ough drenching. The driver quickly drove
off before the injured man could learn his
name. At the Receiving Hospital Llep
was treated for a sprained ankle and nu
merous bruises.
THE COUNCIL ON RECORD
A Significant Water Rate Vote— A
City Chemist.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.-The City Council
went on record to-night on water rates.
Glrard introduced a resolution declaring
that the January bills of the Contra Costa
and Dingee companies were twice the
size of any previous bills and should not
be paid. Girard argued in favor of his
motion and Woodward tried to shift
the matter by moving as a substitute
that the bills be sent back to the
Board of Public Works. The substi
tute failed of passage. Woodward
spoke long against the resolution and
quoted law and took Issue with the City
Attorney and finally Rowe and Girard
demanded a vote. Girard. Rowe, Cuvel
lier. Pringle and Upton voted not to pay
the bills. Henneberry, Watkinson and Earl
votedagainst the resolution and Woodward
asked to be excused. This was objected
to and Woodward, being forced to declare
himself finally, declined to vote. Ilelt
man and Brosnahan were absent.
The City Council to-night created the
office of City Chemist. The appointment
is to be filled by the Board of Health.
The opening of Cemetery Creek was the
subject of a long argument and was final
ly postponed for two weeks. The resolu
tion granting the railroad company per
mission to erect a tower at Seventh ana
Webster streets to operate a derailing
system was passed.
Annexation Suit Submitted.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.-The suit, wherein
the residents in the annexed territory to
Oakland contest the annexation proceed
ings was submitted to the Supreme Court
to-day on briefs, and those interested are
hoping for a decision before election day,
March 13.
Abbott & Fitzgerald, representing the
contestants, have -joined with City Attor
ney Dow In asking the Supreme Court to
advance the case on the calendar, so that
a decision may be had at the earliest op
portunity.
Miss Moss Arraigned.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— Miss Alice Moss,
charged by Manuel Francisco with de
frauding him out of money on promise of
marriage, was arraigned in the Police
Court to-day. She pleaded not guilty and
demanded a jury trial. Her case was set
for to-morrow. The young wotnaji Is
still in jail in default of bail. Colonel T.
F. Garrity has been retained as her at
torney.
Oakland News Items.
Stanley Dawson and Ray Bedford, run
away boys from San Francisco, were
picked up by the local police at 2 o'clock
this morning and lodged in the City Pris
on. Later in the du-y their parents were
notified and called for them.
The funeral of U.e late ex-Governor Ro
mualdo Pacheco will take place from St.
Paul's Church next Thursday afternoon
at 2:30 o'clock, and the services at the
cemetery will be conducted under the au
spices of Oakland Lodge No. 188,- F. and
A. M.; George Smith, master.
Professor Maybeck Returns.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.— Bernard R. May
beck, instructor in drawing in the Uni
versity of California, has returned from
a trip to Europe in connection with the
Phebe Hearst architectural plan. He will
resume his classes in the art department
at once. Professor Maybeck was at Ant
werp, Belgium, when the decisions w*»re
awarded in the international competition
of architects for the new building plans
of the university. He says that the eleven
designs accepted at Antwerp have been
returned to their respective architects as
a basis for the plans to be submitted
later. After the final decision has been
awarded all the plans are to become the
property of the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art," San Francisco.
Want a Western Coach.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.— It is quite likely
that a University of California man may
go to Michigan as athletic coach for one
of the colleges there. Professor Walter
E. Magee, director of physical culture at
Berkeley, has received a letter from Al
bion College, Michigan, asking him to
recommend a man to coach the baseball
and track teams for the spring term. The
letter also asks for a permanent instruc
tor to direct the work of physical cul
ture at the college, the condition befrig
that the instructor be a man with good
athletic record. Professor Magee has
taken the matter under consideration and
may recommend a U. C. student for the
place.
"Christian Science and Why I
Broke Away From It," by Josephine
Curtis Woodbury, in next Sunday's
Call.
The City Will Not Lose.
ALAMEDA; Jan. 24.— The case of the
| creditors of the Alameda .Free Library,
i who are out of pocket by the embezzle
i ment of Librarian Harbourne, against .the
I library trustees, has been set for trial
! for February 28. Charles Weller. at pres
i ent Librarian and attorney for the Li
! brary Board, says the defense ■will; be that
the decision in the case of the San Fran
cisco Gas Company vs. Brickwedel bars
| the plaintiffs from sustaining an action
1 against the city. The decision was to the
effect. that "no Indebtedness or liability
Incurred in any one year shall be ; paid
: out of the revenue or income of any suc
i ceeding year." "■■• " {
. ♦ ■
Hall Came expresses his opinion
of American journalism in next Sun
f day's Call. •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 24.
Schr Gem, Ntlson, 7 days from Coos Hay.
Srhr Ivy, Samuclson. 16 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Falcon, Lindholm, 16 days from Port
Gamble.
Hktn Leslie D, Tilm, 19 days from Port Blake
ley.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 24.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NJBTW YORK— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Assyrl.-.n,
from Glasgow.
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Tauric, for Liverpool;
stmr Lahn, for Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Noord
lanrt, from New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam.
BREMERHAVEN— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr Stutt
gart, for New York.
FAN FRANCISCO CALL.
nt'FINKSS OFFICE- of the San Francisco
Call, coiner of Market and Third street^ open
'until 12 o'clock every night in the year. —
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery ttreet,
corner Clay: open : until 9:30 oVWk. ;. : ■ . ' ;
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
♦21 McAllister street: open- until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln" street: open until 9:30 o'clock. .
.1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock. . - , ' ...
106 Eleventh street: ~i»n until 9 o'clock.
252 C Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
. NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
f tr»ct«: ripen until •H^.n'rl'wfa. ','.:■■".'■ ___j_j_
. MEETIKU NOTICES . , / : ,■•«; .
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and ,J^-
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNES- J*
DAY) EVENING, at -7:30- o'clock. TT3^
First THEODORE FROLICH.' Secretary ■
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139.' F. and A. ■ ,
M.-Chapter Hall. Masonic reniple.
I). 2 and 3 THIS (WEDNESDAY) TCar
, EVENING, " Jan. 23, at 7 o clock /rw ■ *
sharp. By order of the "VW M. ".
v [ . .: H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary. ,
EXCELSIOR Lodge- No. 166. F. and A. . A'";
M.— Special .meeting, THlS (WbDNES- J\^
DAY) . EVENING, Jan. 25, at . :30 faX
o'clock. Secon^lH.^ smith ' Bte JJ^
■ . , THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
'MISSION Lodge No. 169. F/and A ,*-; ■jk'V
Called mcetlnc- THIS ■ (WEDNES-^V_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. JLj\
Third Degree. g p BUNKER. jiecretarT_
MASONIC ' Cemetery Association.— The •r :
annual meeting of lot owners »nthe^J*_
Masonic Cemetery will be held at 11 "-/^/^
Masonic' Temple TUESDAY AFTER- /"V\>
NOON. February .7. . 1599, at ;2 o'clock, for
the election of three > trustees and such
I ' business. as may legally come before it.
./: .... GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
! PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. ■ A amf A
F.— There will be a double Inltl- ~?£*£si>£=
atlon on THURSDAY EVENING. Z %%SB££~
I January 26.' 1899. It 1 fc< necessary' • •'" ' -. '
that all members attend. ' Visiting ; members
are cordially Invited. ■ ■
.-'JOHN STEVENSON, N. G. ,
<, F. D. ASHWORTH.: Recording." Secretary. \ .
l MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
> MORSE Lodge " No.~ 257. l7~<)T^r~~i_B_ili_r
F.— The- Veterans will visit *«!?«!».
; this lodge THIS EVENING. ißSgnggp
5 January 25th. All members "*W»«w*^
, are requested to •be present. . Visitors • cor-
dially invite. GEO. BROWN, N. G.
C. , BRIND, Recording Secretary. ... :
THE Knights of the Red Branch; will ' . , ■
I meet at their hall, corner Mason 'and _\_
' O'Farrell sts., THIS , (WEDNESDAY) _VU
EVENING. Jan. 23, at 8 o'clock, to '•Sir
transact business of special Importance
' '. - -•-■.. . . ■ ..: THE PRESIDENT.
ST. ANDREW'S Society will eele- _«?•>.
I bra te the' 140 th anniversary of the 3Vu (jtifj
birth of ROBERT BURNS by a
, concert and dance at Scottish Hall. **aiPNfc
' 105 Larkln St.," on FRIDAY EVENING, .Tanu-
-1 ary 27. Stereopticon views of Scottish scenery,
! Admission.. 23c . •
: , JAMES WEBSTER, President.
. A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary. • . '
1 THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
; • holders of the Union Trust Company of San
i Francisco win; be -held .at the. office of the i
company in the Union Trust Company's bulld-
I ing. corner Montgomery.' Post and Market
I 'streets,^ San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
' the sixth day of February, ISO 9. at the hour
, . of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing
1 a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year,, the amendment of the by-laws of
' the compan- and the ; transaction .of such
I other business as. may come before the meet-
I Ing. ,>--:'■!. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
, THE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
' .' of the National Ice Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market St..
San Francisco. Cal.. on Wednesday, the Ist
1 day February. 1899. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
■ the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
> transaction of such other - business as may
come before the meeting.
■ _.- . J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
: THE Trestle- Board; Weekly. sc; month- •
1 ly. 10c; sold by all newsdealers. Of-_J\—
» flee, 408 California 'St., San Fran- fLJ\
■ Cisco. Cal. . ' ▼
DIVIDEND NOTICES. _.
l DIVIDEND, notice— Dividend No. 89 (fifty cents
) per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
- pany, 327 Market St.. on and after Wedned-
. day, February 1, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Thursday, January 26, 1899. at 3
1 o'clock. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
; .' SPECIAL. NOTICES. ,
> R6c^"^a^red^rTnrs3T^hltened, $1 up;
: painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery «t.. room* »-10: tel. »M.
, SITUATIONS WANTED FKMALU. -
• LADIES desiring '. first-class help of all na-
| tlonalittes can secure same by calling on or
I I addressing Phcne ■ Grant 120. MISS CUL-
\ LEN, 326 Sutter st. ' ■
1 NEAT German girl desires situation as nurse
or second girl or housework, $10 to $15; ref-
■ erences. ■ MISS , CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a little girl desires situation;
cooking and housework; $10 to $12; references; j
city, or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
[ AT the ! Swedish and German Employment
' Bureau number of first-class .girls awaiting
situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
: SWEDISH, also -.German cook, .best of city
references, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. -
! LADY ' wishes few . more . engagements out;
; shampooing, treating the scalp, manicuring;
\ send postal and specify work desired. 1208
' Market st.. room 59.
AN experienced infant's nurse, one who Is
capable of taking charge of Infant from
birth; monthly nurse; can give best of city
references. 1531 Pine st. ;i-
-| WANTED— Work by a competent girl; general
housework; Email wash: • good plain cook;
\ wages, $15. Address 206 Fifth St. .
I A GERMAN girl wishes 'a situation for gen-
: eral housework and cooking. Call at 2505%
Mission st. No postals.
: YOUNG girl would like "situation for general
housework; wages, $10 to $17 per month. .316
1 Minna st. ' •',,.; ' t
i. . ;
l COMPETENT girl t wants . housework; la good
) plain cook; willing to do small wash; wages,
[ $20; references. 270 Jessie st.
| WORK wanted by the day, washing, cleaning,
by a competent, reliable woman. Apply or.
' address 316 Duncan st.
GERMAN woman wishes . work ■by day or by
hours or week; do all kinds of work. 10%
Auburn St. »•
• YOUNG ■ Swedish girl would like position as
, second girl or light housework. Apply 923%
; Howard st. i . ■. . '. ... - •
• A WOMAN • would like to 'do general house-
work; city or . country. Call 133 Russ. St.,
i near Howard.
; A STYLISH dressmaker;, good fitter and cut-
ter; suits made in 2 days. . Address M., 2526
Mission st. . - • - - ■
• REFINED housekeeper wants position In hotel
[ 1 or gentleman's family, where there are no
i ' small children. 1941 Mission St.. Call branch.
1 A GERMAN girl. Just arrived, wishes a situa-
tion to do general housework. Address 335
Broadway. -- ■— " -— - -'■-■■ -'- ■
' WANTED— Work by the day. house cleaning:
good 'laundress; $1 10 day. Mrs. M., 1433 Mis-
i slon st., near Eleventh. .
1 COMPETENT woman wishes work by 'day,
washing. Ironing or any kind of housework.
40S McAllister st. '■
GIRL would like to exchange service for vocal
instruction. Address 8., branch office Call,
I 615 Larkln st. . .
1 TWO "respectable" girls wish chamberwork in
' ■ hotel or rooming-house. Call or address 161
; Seventh st. •■■-• ■-.■■-•. --.— ..--.. :_
. UPSTAIRS girl, ,Xorth German, wishes situa-
tion; good references. Box 1030, Call office.
• J FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation: best of
' I references- Box 1629, Call office.
, j GOOD German cook wishes situation; city or
. J country; wages. $25 to $30. 8. L., 348 Third.
TWO refined girls want positions in country;
any light work. Address box 1714, Call.
RELIABLE young - woman wishes position to
do -upstairs work. Address 1046 Folsom st.
•- YOUNG girl wishes position to do light house-
, ! work in email family. Apply 172 Russ st.
COMPETENT laundress" and house cleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references.
Box 1620. Call. . - , " J
FIRST-CLASS laundress, or would do general
housework; best of references. Apply at bak-
ery. Point Lobos aye., bet. Sth and 9th ayes. v
SWEDISH girl wants situation to ■do • general
housework. ; Call 11 to 5, 228 Natoma St., near
; Third. , . , .'....,
' SWEDISH : woman wants washing, Ironing or
house cleaning by the day. $1 60. Address 30 '
Aztec St.. off Shotwell.
GIRL wishes situation for upstairs •wltirk:
wages $10. Apply 1135. Florida st. ~
1 A STYLISH dressmaker would like a few more
engagements by the day; $1 23: perfect fit
1 " guaranteed. • 705 Polk- st, candy store. '
■! A WEEK'S. news for 6 cents— .Weekly Call.
i 16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED MAi.E.~~
jA?ANF!6E^CHIN_S_~_mp. Agency; all klndi
. help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese : Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell it: tel. East US.
ENGINEER and machinist,' 30 years old. used
to running find repairing of all kinds of ma-
chinery, also steam and water piping; will go
any.vhtre: references. Please address BERN- i
> STF.N. 280 Natoma st. .
WANTED— By man and wife, with boy 5 years,
a place on ranch or mine; wife good cook and
housekeeper; man work about place: refer-
ences given. Call or address J. R., 416 Minna.
MIDDLE-AGED Anglo-American wants posi-
tion; city or country; can work in kitchen,
garden or stable; handy with all kinds of
tools; references. Address box 1633, Call. '■%
EXPERIENCED cigar and tobacco salesman
! : (wholesale and retail) desires position; best
of references. Address Tobacco, box 1632, Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced stationary
engineer: first-class reference: nonobjection to
leaving city. E. 8.. 18J2 Market St.. room 6.
! STRONG boy residing with his parents wants
work; good on delivery wagon. .959 Howard.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $9 per
week; city or country. Address box 1627. Call.
RELIABLE chorem&n wants position; $10 a
month. Address. 1 day, box 1026, Call.
WANTED— Employment, with opportunity- for
advancement; slnele man. aged 24: Indus-
trious, sober, learns quickly, handy with ,
tools and machinery; limited knowledge of
bookkeeping, mining, civil engineering, sur-
veying. L. E. GRANTON. Oakland P. 0.. Cal.
SWISS man ami wife, man first-class cook. and
pastryman, ' wife chambermaid. speaks
French, German, English and Italian, want
situations In private family; -good references.
Box 687, Call office. - . - . ■
WANTED — Situation, city or country, by
young married German groceryman; under-
stands handling of wine; good barkeeper and
' bookkeeper; good references. Box 1663. Call.
COACHMAN or general man .by -middle-aged
American, single:' thorough - with horses,
carriages, etc.; good gardener: best refer-
ences. 'Address box 1623, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a = situation in an
, American family; wages.no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress 'ATC/843Paclflcs^___________^_^
OFFICE work. wanted by a young man 32 years
of age;, gpod penman and bookkeeper: best of
references. . Address J.. , box 1574, - Call ; office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.^
wiKTrn- Work by trustworthy elderly cab-
Address box 'l6l4. Call.
ktti • a TTOTC~\vanted"by a German gardener; a
"good^pro^pagat^and 'an take care of hors«:
handy with tools. Address Gardener, box
ISM, Call office. .•.•-- ■ - « ' •■■■■■
GARDENER.. German, single, wishes a posi-
tion; best of references from abroad and at
home. Please address 8.. box 1611, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants a situation as
flrst-clas.s cheese and butter maker. Address
•31 Sacramento Ft. ./ •__
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $9 per
week; city or country. Address Barber, box
' 1607, Call. ...-.'■■ .
SOBER young man wants work of any kind;
small wages.. Box 1605. Call of flee. ,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.". near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $4
week: convenient and respectable: free bu«
and baggage tn anil from ferry.
U_Ll' W AKTUU XX JJLVI,_.
C. R. HANSEN £ CO Phone. Grant 185
Head waitress and 4 waltressess for first-
class city hotel, $25 and $20. C. R. HANSBN
& CO.. 104. Geary st. ".
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...Phone, GranTlii
1- waitresses, different country hotels, Jaj,
y $22 50 and $25, many of them fare paid; 3
restaurant waitresses, country fare paid, %Z<i
and found; one more chambermaid, South-
ern California, $20; 2 chambermaids to wp.it.
$20; 4 waitresses, email places, $15; cook, in-
stitution, $30; 2 boarding house, ' $23. C. R ■
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone, Grant
Working " housekeeper ■ for elderly couple in
country, see party here, 10 a. m., fare pall;
housegirl for small family, Los Banos, Sis,'
see party here, fare paid; French nurse girl!
$25, country; and a great many cooks and
houseglrls for city and country places, $13 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A/ WOMAN, with a .child, $10; country; far*
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, hotel. $20, sleep home; waltr«7"
sanitarium, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. San Mateo
County, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Bakersfleld, $20; fare paid; apply
early. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL for light housework and sleep home, $15
MISS • CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $25; a French second girl,
Alameda, $20; housework, San Rafael, 125
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, same country hotel, $20 each,
fare paid; waitress, Bakersfleld, $20, fare paid
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nursery governess and
seamstress, $25; -3 second girls, $15 and $20;
a maid and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. . '
NEAT waitress. $15 per month; chambermaid,
$15; housework. Auburn $20, 2 In family, no
wash; Alameda, $25; San Mateo, $20; 15
housework girls, city and country, $20, $25
and $30; C young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 326 Sutter gt.
THREE waitresses, city hotels and boarding
houses, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter.st. /__
NEAT young girl, assist light housework, $15;
nursegirl. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE. $20; 2 second girls, $25 and $13; 3 res-
taurant waitresses, $6 and $5 per week:
French nurse, $25. . MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st. . ;
PROTESTANT second girl, small American
family, $20, see lady here at 10; cook, 3 in
family, plain wash, $30; 2 nurses, $20 and $25;
French maid, $25; waitress, must cut and
fit, $25; 3 cooks, French and German cooking.
$25 and $30; and a large number of girls for
cooking and housework In city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, wait 1 meal. $20; waitress,
same hotel, $20; chambermaid and waitress,
small hotel a short distance, $20; waitress,
country hotel, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$25 and $6 week; and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ■
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $30; boardlng-housa
cook. $25, San Rafael; housegirl. Berkeley,
$25:. Alameda, $25; nurse, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. ' . ."
SECOND girl, American family, $25; nursa
girl. $20; second girl, $15; nursegirl, $10;
housegirl, 3 in family, $25; two cooks, 535
each; cook, . $30, American family; house-
keeper, $15; German housegirl, family of 4,
$25: 25 housegirls at $25 and $20: 8 young
girls to assist; $10 to $15; middle-aged woman, !
country. $20, fare paid. MRS. NORTON, 313
Butter st. -
YOUNG girl for chambermaid work and wait-
ing for mining boarding house, $20 and found;
fare paid.. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. ' .: ■• ■■ - r r: r •"-•-,.-■
FOUR WAITRESSES, different places. $15 to
$20 and found; 8 women girls for housework,
$15 to $20 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. ■ ■
CAREFUL girl; assist housework; family of .
three; $10; Increase . each month If satisfac-
tory. 1613 Gough st: -
GIRL for downstairs work and plain cooking;
American family of 4; wages, $25. 631 La r-
kln st. • ' :
i YOUNG girl; general housework; wages. $15;
Scandinavian or German preferred. 635 Guer- .
rero st.
WANTED— girl for general house-
work and cooking. Apply after 9 a, m. at
517 Devisadero. .
WANTED— Young, girl between 15 and 16 to
assist in housework; good home. Apply 1761
Ellis st. m
WANTED— Experienced tobacco stripper. WM.
LEWIS _ CO.. 24 California st. ■
WOMAN to care for one child, with light
housework. 46 Harriet St., upstairs.
NURSE and seamstress; one child. Call after
11 o'clock. 2700 California st. ■ '
YOUNG girl for light housework; small fam-
ily; wages $15. ' 21088 Post st. '
WANTED— A woman for very >ight housework.
10 Steuart St.. up stairs. ' ■ "■
WANTED— A good dresser and beauty cul-
turer. 436 Geary st.
LADY for store and office; give age. Box
1628. Call office.
WANTED— GirI to learn hnirdressln<» and man-
icuring. Apply 1520 Polk st. "
A GIRL or middle-aged woman for house-
work. 716 Green st_^ -
WANTED— A girl to do general housework at .
731 Green st.,, near Mason.
WANTED— Experienced ' operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
»nd 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery st. - . - .
1 OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirta;
a few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.. 36% Fremont st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp. Of.. 1243% Park St.. Alameda.
LFARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free: patterns iS«- no Mi->».'''- ■">* P"«-
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C R. HANSEN _ CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
Cook, small restaurant. $12 50; butcher, coun-
try restaurant, $30 and found; bread and cake,
baker city; waiter, country hotel, $30. C R. •
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. - ■- .■
10 LABORERS for section work on a railroad ■
in the woods. $1 50 a day.
8 woodsmen, choppers, : fellers and cross-
cutters. $1 75 a day and up.
5 coal miners, see boss here.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary «t.
j MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
...; Want To-day j
Farmer, and wife, mining district -
Stableman, country'
■ : Man to take charge of a creamery.. $50
Blacksmith and horseshoer $2 60 day
8 header men In a tunnel.. s2 50 day and fare .
45 tie makers $150
2 boys to learn trades $3 week
Choreman for kitchen, private family $15
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 COOKS, different places. $30 to $50; 5 waiters,
different places, $25 and $20 and found. . MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
SAFE MAKER. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st. ,
WANTED— 4 miners. $2 day and board and $40
and board; 2 mlkers. $30 and board; farmer
and wife. $32 50 month; and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Baker and wife. $50; cook, $50; third
cook for restaurant. $35; hotel waiters, city -
and country, $20 to $30: porter and waiter for
■ saloon". $8 week: .and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Buttermaker for depot. in city, $30
' per' month and found; pruner for vineyard,
near city. $26 per month and board; American
milker, steady Job. $25; farmers, cooks and \
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
A GARDENER and milk cows. $20: see gentle-
man here .9:30.;. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
TAILOR on custom coats: working -by the '
week. 28 Morris aye.. near Sixth. .
TWO solicitors -wanted for milk routes. 1529
Howard street.
GOOD pants and. vest maker; country; steady
Job. Apply 226 Kcarny St., at 10 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced laundry man for hand
' laundry. Address box 1C34. Call office.
BARBER wanted.. 321 Eighth st. '•:
BARBER at 638 Broadway. Call 9 o'clock; ■
BOY with some ' experience to wait In' small
• , restaurant. 108 Hayes st . . . .. .HELP W.« M ED— Continued.
• WANTED- Ladles' tailor for country: must be
rapid and thoroughly proficient in all details;
•'•good wages to right man: must be sober.
' Apply at STEIN, SIMON & CO.. Market and
Second sts.
"WANTED— Strong boy who is willing to work;
others need not apply. ALEX HEINE, 134
Main st. *
••.WANTED— Steady man; light, genteel cash
. business: will pay $16 a week; jYiust have
'•; feme cash. MOON & CO., 1008 - Market st.
.'•BOOTBLACK wanted. Inquire at 115 Larkin'
■ ■ street.
:-WANTED— To board any person free for use
■ ! of $100, security given. 1137 Mission St.
TO co lh!s week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
■•■ nearly new. from 60c to $1; new shoes, slight-
• ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st.,
■. bet. First and Second ets. Open Sundays.
•• WANTED-A good coatmaker. Apply to B.
•. HAAS, Phelan building, room 11.
-HEN and women to learn barber trade at San
. Francisco Barber College. OVA Eighth st.
- RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and SO
years, who are citizens of the United States
or those who have legally declared their in-
. tentlon to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 6 lnchee
" ■ and 6 feet In height For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St.,
. San Francisco, Cal.
'WANTED— Montana House. 764'» Mission
.'. St., men to take rooms; 10c. Uo and 2lc per
night; 60c. 30c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: ISO largt
25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to loam barber trade; easy terms; $10
and $12: 1542 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164
MEN'S fin* calf shoes to order. $2 ."fl; men's
soleltl 3r.n: only one price. 923 Howard st.
. YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
" for shirs. HERMANS, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Association Fr»e Employment
' : ■ Office. S. FUCHS, Rec. 323 Grant aye.
TRY Linden House, Sixth and Howard *ts. :
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 15e, 25c night.
I SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
, tr> ; .' SO per wk. Elcho House. 563,5 Market st.
■ ,H" TED— collect wages due laborers and
■ clerks. Knox Collection Apency. 112 Sutt-r st.
.'.'SAILORS and "ordinary seamen wanted et
: ." LANE'S, 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
." SINGLE, furnished, line, large, sunny and airy
.■.room. 25c night, Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
. '"RY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2Hc a night: $1 a week.
•WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 moms. Ssc night: reading-room; free
'bus and bargage to nnd from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
SALESMEN— Traveling salesmen to handle
'. side line; free sample; 2 sales net $5. Ozonet
: Company. Minneapolis, Minn.
' AGENTS, both sexes, to cell Leather Lustre;
. the best 25c article. Shoe Shop, 332 Bush st.
\-J.. PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner with $3000 for first-clanl
; b*«T-bottling establishment. Box 1622. Call.
: ; ROOMS AY ANTED.
•WITH owner only, unfurnished room: prln-
• clpally for storage; very cheap rent. Box
K3l. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
. LADY dfsir' 1 ? room and board: private family;
'•■• near •'tli and Bryant; $3 a week. Box 1636.
Call office.
'. WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CYPRESS LAWN stock wanted; give lowest
;. <;H?h r.rlco. Box 1817, Call office. '
DENTISTS."
VAN VROOM X'ental Parlor— Best work at
loweFt prices. Full set of teeth $3 up; fillings.
Isc up. All work absolutely painless: written,
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents: the largest and handsomest dental par-
• lors west of Chicago; r.pen evening and all
.' day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
. ber: full set of teeth. $6: crowns, $3: fill-
Ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all |
work; no student- employed; extracting free ,
• when plates are ordered; consultation free. 1
- Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and ]
' Ma«on sts. Entrance 8 Mason st. ■
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Pen-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1131.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
•• tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
■ ' ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. Be; 22k. gold
• crowns. $3: gold bridge. $5; plates repaired;
. painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
•TISTS. ?69 Mission ft., cor. Sixth.
PR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Ft., near
. Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
i'COLTON Pental \ssodatlon. SO6 Market at.
,:• PR. CHARLES '.V. PECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. PR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
. PARIS rental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth
U; filling, gold. 50c: pUver. 25c: crowns. $3.
1 FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
TOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
' INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
-.' . <all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
'••• *cal»F, coffee mills, etc.. bought and sold; es-
. titrates Riven. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
GOOD dumpcart for sale cheap. Inquire USA
. Sixth St.. in rear.
FINE 3 ounce coin silver American watch, $5;
coFt $15. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
JUST received— A trained French poodle, one
V Enfclifh setter pup, also a fine talking parrot.
• ' Call 236 Montgomery aye.
NEAT, roomy. 22-foot gasoline launch: speedy;
$."2;>; will take sailboat In trade. Address box
1616. Call office.
FOR gale— l fine baker's sand oven, an good as
new: at a sacrifice. Apply at GRAHAM &
' LOANE'S. 439 Fifth Ft. .
. FOR SALE— Large, pentle family dog: weighs
l"a. pounds; 10 months old. ISO First st.
.TOOLS and machinery, every <lei«crlp., bought
and sold; send postal. EPSTEIN. B« Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
. ■ niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1021 Mission st.,
- above Sixth.
$200— CORNER grocery and bar: stock in value;
a bargain, no agents. Address J. D. C, box
•U5l, Call office.
JEWELRY safe for sale cheap. Call at 1153
' • Twenty-third aye, East Oakland.
FIRE-PROOF safe for sale cheap at 42 Main
. street^ B. F.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys.
etc.. Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. Ell Mission.
BOILERS, engine*, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission.
FAFF.S— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. ■
• FAFEK— Bargains In new and eecond-hand: all
«lr»r: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
• OVK and 2 bowl barber wafhstand*. - cheap.
mjyscKMrPT. «J Golden Gate eve.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
.' Cbl!, Vj rages, Fent to any address In the
Unitid :.tat<*s. postpaid, for l\ per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: illvorcp law; private estates J~
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister St., room St.
ADVICE free: no charce unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 927 . Market et.
..ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection.
free ad vice ; open vgg. a tty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L*. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels blag.. 027 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
HORSES.
<0 HORSES for sale; also wngons, buggies.
cijTts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. C 27 Sixth: auction sales every Wedr.es-
., . ■mv. SULT.TVAN ft POYLK. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
SEWING MACHINES. ' ~
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4*.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rate*. 205 Fourth it.
PH YSICIAXS.
REMOVAL Notice— Pr. C. C. b'Ponneli. oYflcV
and residence, 1021 J .j Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4oo; RARE chance; French liquor store;
corner; rent $30; on Leavenworth st. ; must
sell at once; proprietor, also owner of the I
property, must sell on account of sickness.
WILKE & UNFUQ, 906 Market st.
A-$400; BARBER SHOP; 4 chain; 2 blocks
north of Chronicle building; first-class cus-
tom; a sacrifice. Call WILKE & UNFUG.
I'Otf Market st.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted In old-established
commission business; first-class; paying. Call
WILKE & UNFUG. OC6 Market st.
A— SSOO— PARTNER wanted in first-class pay-
ing business on Kearny.st.; established many
years and no opposition. For particulars call
m Market St.. WILKE & UNFUG. *^;
A— S4OO— PORK and delicacy store; doing a
splendid business; living-rooms; rent $12;
choicest location in the Mission. Call WILKE
A UNFUG. SO6 Market St.
A— SIM>O— SALOON on water front; the very
best location; established and kept by owner
years and first-class paying; other business
engagements cause of sale. Inquire WILKE
& UNFUG. 906 Market fit. '
A-sl2oo— chance; a private dispen-
I sary and gallery of anatomy; the oldest es-
tablished in California; disease of men ex-
clusively; receipts of ISOS, $4131; museum cf
wax figures; reason for selling, a broken-
down, nervous system. Full particulars,
WILKE & UNFUG. MM Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
Grocery and bar.. ■, Fine saloon $350
Restaurant; Mkt.. .5375 Fruit store $160
Branch bakery; 4 r.5175 I Cigar store $225
200 bargains at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$175— DELICATESSEN store; good location;
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
sons for selling. National Agency, .7 Grant.
WANTED— Steady man; established cash busi-
ness; good for $15 to $18 per week; must have
$150 cash. National Exchange, 7 Grant aye.
$1200— CORNER grocery and bar in the Mis-
sion; old established; 4 living rooms; more
than value in sight. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$450— SALOON; north of Market; old-estab-
lished; cash register and safe included; must
be sold at once. , M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1600— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
addition; estab. 8 yra.; doing business from
$900 to $1200 a month. LESS. 765 Market st.
$300 - PARTNER wanted ln~~c.7d-establlshed
business: llcht work. - For particulars see
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st:
$300 — WOOD and coal, hay and- grain business;
bargain on account of sickness. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
COR. restaurant and oyster house: good
night and day trade. McLaughlln, 777 Market.
A— MEAT market; down town; $35 daily:
good place for practical butcher. KREDO &
CO. . ■ - . " __
A— MCO; BARBER shop and cigar stand; good
location: $75 a week. KREDO & CO., 22>i
Geary st.
$700— RESTAURANT, coffee saloon; opposite
ferry depot; nicely furnished; doing good
business; week's trial: thorough investigation
before buying. BTJBTNBERG CO.. 26^ Kearny.
A FURNISHING GOODS store from February
1; this is a first-class opportunity for an es-
tablished business. .For full particulars in-
quire of J. H. GILMORE, 321 Montgomery st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST- ;
MENT CO.. 9 Geary st. *
FURNISHED hotel of 33 rooms in San Rafael;
furniture for sale: rent 550 per month; rare
chance for man and wife. Furl particulars of
SCHOTTLER & CO., 632 Market st.
$350— BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop:
estab. 20 years; doing good business: owner ;
wishes to retire; rent $9. JONES. 565 Market.
A BARGAIN to any one wanting: a cheap store
front: cost $75; will sell for $15. G. W. H. ]
PATTERSON A CO., 709 Market st.
FOR sale— Al general merchandise spot cash
business in Prlneville, Or.; terms cash; no
trade deal; stock about $9000; refer MURPHY,
GRANT & CO.. San Francisco.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 226 Bush st.
$150 AND services will secure half Interest in
business that will, clear over Sino per week;
■ no scheme. Box 1637, Call office.
RARE chance to get a good butcher business;
near city: well established; no opposition.
Inquire 112S Vallejo st.
A — TO buy or. sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., 1008^ Market st.
CORNER butcher shop; good location; will be
sold cheap. Box 1635, Call office. j
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st.
FOR Sale Cheap— Stationery' store; good paying
business; -good reason for selling. 160 Third st.
BAKERY in country town; good outside and
Inside trade: 4 horse*. 2 wagons, fine stock; '
a bargain account of sickness. Apply Call.
FOR SALE— Coffee and lunch house; centrally
situated; money making: cheap if sold at
once. Box 1609, Call office.
$225— FOR sale: nicely fitted up restaurant in
good location; doing good business; cheap
rent; no agents. 218 Ellis st.
$110 — CIGAR stand, candy, delicacies and news
agency: 4 living rms.. 304 4th St.. nr. Folsom.
$100— BARBER shop and baths in country. In-
quire of GEORGE PECK HAM, 119 Fourth st. |
RESTAURANT and coffee parlor for sale. In-
quire at £3S O'Farrell Bt.
PAYING saloon; 2 rooms: rent $15; a bargain.
Inquire at 702 Mission st.
PARTNER wanted to play horse races on sys-
tem; sure winner. Address box 1610. Call.
FOR 2 days only— will buy ft interest In
saloon. 236 Third st.
WANTED— Partner with $3000 capital to invest
In a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
per cent per annum: open to satisfactory in-
vestigation; principals only. Box liSB, Call.
EXTRA location for harness shop or other
business, with 3 living rooms; also barber
- shop and 2 living rooms. Inquire of A. W.
ROBINSON. 22^ Geary St.. room 27.
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused; at Sixth and Washington. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS Bakery to let. Inquire H. MAU.
712 Valencia st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 416 Sacramento it.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
HAROLD FRENCH of this city returns to
Dawson City Jan. 26, arriving Feb. 10: letters
carried direct. $1; business commissions
promptly executed; reports made on . prop-
frty. Addreyg Th» Alexandria. 781 Sutter st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL BARGAIN?! ~ *•,'.-.
35 rooms; worth i 8 rooms (new)..., $300 |
$1500; only $600 116 rs. ; clears 5»00.51250
18-room house — 850 30rms.; (board'g). 1250
16-room house — 800 15 rooms; corner.. 750 '
IK rooms; on Post 910 60 rooms; for ex... 2501
26 rooms; corner. 1600 32 rooms; on Mkt. 2300
65 rooms; corner. 1600 1 28 rooms; on Mkt. 700
9 room* (n«Wi... *■»-. 21 rms.: very good 850
18 rooms (fine)... 850 SO rooms;: Kearnv 2QPO
i" !■■'• hi: : .m.iv.... -mo l 60 rms.; (board'g). 3000
E0 other houfes. from $50 to $10,000. .
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market Ft., opp. nth.
A— KREDO & CO.. .~22^ra~eary~s7.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
240 rooms; transient; clears $300 month. ..s4ooo
35 rooms; Post st.; transient 1400
23 rooms; Fifth i>t.; reduced- from $700..: 5*9
14 rooms; Stockton st. ; rent only $40 500
12 rooms; beat hlock on Poet st 700
11 rooms; rent $20; all full. 225
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— sl6so: CORNER Jones; 2',, rooms; clears $110.
A— slsoo; 40 rooms; transient; Powell St.;
clears $150.
A— s7oo; 29 rooms rfln»>; Market St.: clears $75.
Money loaned. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market et. ••
A— s3ooo; SO* ROOMS: corner; brick building;
cleari! $150; only fln-t-claM hotel In town.
Money loaned. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
BARGAINS 'at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
10 rooms; fin-- ISMIM rooms; Market ..$<WO
16 rooms; snap " . - ....5275 1 37 rooms; Kearny ..$7OO I
IS rooms; elegant ..ss."u 60 rooms; Bush JDOO |
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
GOOD transient lodging house. 35 rooms; price
$800: within 2 blocks of Market St. Box 1279,
Call office. ' .
$200— LODGING . house. 9 rooms; pee landlady.
1053 Market, opp. Hlbernia Bank.
U.ROOII house: sunny corner: all light rooms;
$.".,".0; also 37 rooms; price $750. 739 Folsom.
16-ROOM lodging house for rale , cheap; slck-
T)fiEt»: must nell at once. 142 Sixth at. ,
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
UPPER fiat of 6 rooms; furniture for sale. 447
Minna st. No dealers. * -
C'JIPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
(8 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send .to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Work*. 353-557 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: clennlng So per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet -beating Works. 333 Golden
Gale aye.. East 126. . . ■ ■ .
j ~ STORAGE. ,_
fIERCE-RODOLPH Btora«e and " Moving CoT
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Mala snx
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1893,
PERSONALS.
INFORMATION wanted of A. D. RICHARD-
SON, by occupation a copper miner: when
last heard from was in Elko, Elko County,
Nev.; valuable information awaits him.
DORA E. MOORE. Duncan Mills, Cal.
LEPERER, the leading hairdresser; la mode
coiffures, 2.jc; pompadour hair rolls reduced
from 50c to 35c for the longest and best ;
switches, $1 up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
LEDERER' S Quir.onia is sold two to one over
any other Hair Tonic in the market; 35c bot-
tle. G. LKDERER. 123 Stockton st.
A— Ladles', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
YOUR pictures enlarged. In Italian water col-
ors and system thoroughly taught for $5 at
407 Sutter st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or stronc medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 112S Sutter St. MRS. CLAYTON.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
I Attorney-at-Law. . and Copyright
! No. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. . Patents Solicited.
BF.RWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly, on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny St.
PHYSICIAN would like to hear qf country lo-
cation. Box 1564, Call. ■ ■
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Ft, near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 BO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail: all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter at.
JAPANESE roods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkin st.
BATHS 12' Ac; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKF.. 1416 Sth st.. Alameja.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Ransome St. ■
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's:
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking-, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SAN ■ FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made, $5 to $6; dress made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME.GOLDSTEIN.
I LEARN sewing at The Keister Tailoring and
Dressmaking College, 424 Geary st.
~— ■— —
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and n;i-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole Hope.
Address or call MRS. PR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market at. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything; valuable in-
formation given to users of morphine; 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER. 31£ Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
-1 vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
! free; Fittings $1. 232 Stockton St.
ATTEND Mrs. Eberhardt's parlor test meet-
ings, 2 p. m. : 10c: readings daily. 937 Guer-
rero St., nr. Twenty-second.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma st.. between 6th and 7th.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st. .
MRS. MENA FRAWCES. independent slate
writing medium, llfi Hnleht Bt. *
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. PR. F. CLARK, permanently located
• in San Francisco at 1023 Vi Market St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
1 give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
term*, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023^4 Mkt. i
CLAIRVOYANT. 24 Page st., nr. Franklin;
action guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c: gents,
25c: satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St.. now 928 Mis-
sion, bet. 6th and 6th: 25c and 50c: no sign.
MME. AUGUST. ■' 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME 'M Potter, renowned card reader, has
returned. 865% Market at., parlors 12 and 18.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
■ advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened iin office at SIS O'Fnrrell.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 1129 Howard st.; sketch. 10c:
send date, hour, birthplace, horoscopes. $1 up.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS. «
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
6ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. . -
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Hallett & CumFton: a bargain.... $55
Mansfeldt & Notlnl; good order. . > 135
Henry F. Miller; cabinet grand 170
Curtaz: used six months 235
Chlckerlng: good as new 285
Guaranteed 6 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Chickerlng
Agents, 16-20 O'Farrell et.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos; organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
■ ' the stock In their elegant new rooms.
UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installment*. $5 75 up;
rents. $8 60 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
A FINE Hazelton piano for sale cheap: must
be sold at once. Room 21. Flood building.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Fran Bacon and Hallet ■& Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMKR pianos arc the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 303 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
■ Mauzy. 308 Post st. •
HAINES Bros." and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant, .
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister. .
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CBABB, O'Farr^ll st.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. mnker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
_~ EDUCATIONAL. " "' ' ..
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
' raying, blowpipe anal., chemistry.- geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, jnechanlcal drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing:, languages, English; 24
teacher* day ' and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,' 24 Post at.
ROBERT F. Gallagher's Practical Short-
bAnd and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years" puipll* qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
' Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellin system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. KAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st. ■- - ■
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. :
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
. penmanship, • Emjllsh branches, . etc. : life
scholarship. '*50: low rates per week and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing., mech. survey, assay, archlt:; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory in
Lelpsic; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, = practically
taucht:nhort time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldn.
TYPEWRITERS.
All typewriter* sold and rented, few < partly
used for eale cheap; send for samples and
' prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25: Calltrraph, 115; Yost. $25;
' get sample work. SCOTT. 222 Montgomery St.
STORES TO LET. ~
STORE. 231 Second st. ; light, clean; good place
i for tailor, shoe shop or any light business. !
* HOUSES TO LET. > *
CENTRAL aye., near ' Jackson — Elegant
modern residence, 10 rooms, $45; 1220 Laguna
- St.. near Ellis, a rooms, $35. A. M. SPECK _
CO., 602 Market st. .
DE LONG aye., 109. near Waller— Park pan-
' handle; handsome modern house. 10 rooms and
bath; furnished or unfurnished. - ■' •
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; $25. 1403 ateiner
street. ' . .
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
, WIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
NICE house; 6 rooms, bath, basement; sun all
day; rent low. Pine and Laguna. ■
PERRY 212%— Bay-window house. 4 room*;
rent. $13 60; water free. Apply to O. H.
UMBSBN _ CO.. Incorporated.
TURK 1229— House. 9 rooms and bath; rent
$30. Apply at 1231 Turk St.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PARTLY furnished house of 8 rooms: modern
conveniences. 2533 Mission- st., near 22d.
COTTAGES TO let. L—-~
COTTAGE of 6 rooms for sale; to be removed;
2316 Folsom Bt. Apply 1153 Howard.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 6 rooms: flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1576 15th St.. nr. Dolores.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath and basement:
$15; upper flat. 6 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth
St.. near Howard.
FLATS TO LET. \~~
A— LOVELY 5 and 6 rooms, $11 and $14; flats.
606 Shotwall st, near Twentieth.
A— Nob Hill, opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6
rooms: bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace. 920 Pine.
ALMOST now; five large sunny rooms; bath;
. storeroom. 27 Elgin Park. ' • ■ •
CORNER flat; 6 sunny bay-window rooms;
"bath. 14th and Shotwell; rent reasonable.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
GROVE, 642, between Laguna and Buchanan—
6 sunny rooms; bath; rent $23. :
! GORVE. 1617, near Lyon— Upper flat; 6 sunny
rooms; $16; Golden Gate Park.
HAIOHT. EISA, near Fillmore— New upper
sunny flat of seven rooms and bath; rent $25.
JACKSON, 1223, nr. Jones— Modern flat, 6 rooms
and bath, reduced from $27 60 to $20.
! LOVELY, sunny; 5 rooms, bath; reduced to
I $20; 111 Liberty st. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
! Mi-ALLIS— _R. 635— Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
with bath; rent reduced $25. '.
NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
110% Fell St., near Van Ness aye.
SIXTH, 536 A —Nice flat, 4 rooms;; hall, folding
doors, mantle: large yard; rent reduced to $12.
STEVENSON, 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
. convenient flats. Apply rear or 70S Oak st.
VALENCIA, 449, nr. Sixteenth— Modern flat in
fine order; 6 rms. and bath; two bay windows:
reduced from $30 to $20; finest In the city for
the money.
WILLOW aye., 663, bet. Buchanan and La-
iruna, Eddy and Ellis— small convenient
flat, 4 rooms; rent, $11. '
$B—3 ROOMS, lower flat: yard, cellar, 4 closets.
1008 Natoma St., near Eleventh, rear.
$7— 67 CLEMENTINA— Rear upper flat; 3 sunny
rooms: key premises.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom;
folding bed; furniture all 1 new; $2 per -Week;
$8 per month; suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no
children. Apply at shoestore, 662. Mission st.,
between First and Second sta. ■' ■. - ; ._,
CAPP. 329—2 sunny rooms; upstairs; complete
for housekeeping; bath. '
CLAY. 2419. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard: water; rear: $7. 1 . .
ELLIS, SO6, near Van Ness— Very sunny well
furnished rooms for housekeeping; references.
FIFTH,' 309— New house; a suite of 2, also a
suite of 3 rooms; sunny; complete for house-
keeping; gas; bath.
FIFTH, Clean, sunny, furnished 5-room
flat. $20; also 3. $12; 2, $12; single. $5.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished room; for light house-
keeping; also single; $1 per week up.
I GEARY, 1817— for adults: 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries. -
i HOWARD, 829— 2 housekeeping rooms, $7 and
! $8 per month;, also other rooms. . L
i HOWARD, 1068— Sunny furnished front room*
for housekeeping: reasonable, - . - .
I JESSIE, 855, near Fifth— Complete for house-
keeping; front room and kitchen; no children.
JONES, 607—3 sunny furnished rooms; complete
for -housekeeping; yard; range; gas.
JONES, ITU I!— Four1 !— Four sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping: clean; $15 per mo.; references.
LEXINGTON aye.', 210— Sunny front alcove and
kitchen, complete housekeeping; bath; $12 mo.
MCALLISTER, 340—2 nice furnished housekeep-
Ing rooms for rent. ■ ■' .
MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished front. housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap rent. " »
MISSION, 1217— Front bay-window suite, also
I parlor suite, complete for housekeeping; real".
MISSION.' 1125'i— 3 furnished rooms: complete;
also large front room; housekeeping; cheap.
MISSION, 1320, near Ninth— Nice large sunny
front housekeeping room, $9 month.
MISSION. 2019— Two sunny back rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping. $9.
PERRY, 174— A large Funny front room, with
fireplace and use of kitchen and bath. .
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
' keeping rooms in suites and single; cheap.
POLK. 617%— Pleasant front and back parlor,
kitchen; unfurnished; $12 50. ' . , ■ ■
POLK, 1643, cor. Clay— 2 large nicely furnished
' sunny front rooms; housekeeping; $15.
SECOND, 247— Furnished and unfurnished hkpg.
rooms; also single, new and clean, cheap.
SIXTH, 216%— Nice sunny kitchen and bed-
room; also sunny single rooms, V^ght hkpg.
TURK, 545— Furnished front room for house-
keeping; rent, $10.
TWELFTH. 40, near Market— Nicely furnished
front room and kitchen, $10. .. . .
~~ ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Turk, 534— Elegantly furnished large sunny
suite, suitable for gentlemen's club; private.
AT Stockton. Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month. ■
BALBOA, The— lo49A Market St.— Suites, $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— nice unfur-
. nished rooms, $7; also 2 rooms, $5.
BRUNSWICK— Sixth st, corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 26 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass -house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, 13iS4 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished. -
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or . ua-
furnished single and double rms.: $8. $10 mo.
, DIAMOND. 44— Nice unfurnished front room
with alcove to let.
ELLIS.. 821, bet. Polk and Van Ness— Large
newly furnished sunny room; large closet
and. bath; quiet place; reasonable.
• FIFTH, 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
FIFTH. 438 (Mecnanics' House)— Rooms, single
' or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLROM. 756— Furnished front room; $2 week;/
also single, $3 SO a month. /
FOLSOM, 1530— Cozy furnished back parlor;
. single: German family.
GEARY, 14A— Good clean' rooms and beds, $1
;; per week; Runny front suite; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate, running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 200 put* day; $1 par wk., $3 per mo.
GOLDEN GATE aval, 1404— Nicely furnished
front room; running water; grate; closets;
bath; $5. ...
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GREEN, 638— Bright sunny rooms at reasonable
rates; not an inside room in. house; single,
1 double and light housekeeping; house thor-
oughly renovated. . : - • ■, ■'
i HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
■ rooming house: $1 60. to $6 per week.
| MASON, 502, corner Post— Sunny rooms; $8 ( to
- $10; for gentlemen. .-■'.-■- '• .
MINNA, W7, corner I Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 946— Nice sunny, rooms; cheap; ' also
2 . front rooms. . > .
MISSION, 1240— Nicely . furnished sunny - front
ballroom for gent; hot and cold water; $6. .
I O'FARRELL, 20— sunny furnished room,; ele-
.. vator; electric lights; day. week or month. ■•■;
I PINE, GI4A, • near | Kearny — Nicely | furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate. ■
' EHERMAN '. Apartment House, 28 Eighth ■_.
35 near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, Newly ; furnished tsulte; also
single rooms; telephone, bath; central; $6 up.
•'ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
VALENCIA. 909— Nice sunny room; large closet;
running water; gas; bath; cheap. ; . .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSHT^^^N^wiy^furnlshed sunny suites and
. single rooms, with cr without board; reason-
-. able. - -. . . ■ . -. .
MCALLISTER. 4ie— Third flat: nicely furnished
sunny rms.; with or without board; gentl'm.
FIRST. Swedish private boarding, Wttt .
rocm, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; -. ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table J board. '
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW, with fine sunny rooms, wishes couple
of children to board: healthy location; terms
reasonable. 1218 Vallejo st. ■"..»
- WANTED— A ■ child to board; good home:
mother's care; $10. 210 Lexington aye., near
Nineteenth st. •• •
WANTED— One or two children to board; room
for parents. 439 Minna st.
WIDOW would board small child or Infant. 2653
I San Jose ay. ; take cars cemetery line out 14th.
I EDDY. SIT — Children to board:, best care; 6
I months to 10 years: reasonable.
OFFICES TO LET. '■}.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market •*.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone ; rents 113 59
to $20. ASHTON _ GARDNER, room .10. '
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices: single
or suite. 1206 Market at., cor. Golden Gate.
- MEDICAL. ....■_.'. j
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business: a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases, from what-
ever cause;. all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients., with
every comfort;' satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and L arkln. : , ' ..:■■ *.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Pavles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
. 60 years' practice: safes, and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or" irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1! very strong. $2. ' ■ ", - r .■'■ y ■: ■
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist: relieves monthly irregu-
larities, from whatever cause.. Dr. G. W.
O'Donnell has treated successfully more cases
of irregularities than any . other physician;
never fails to cure; consult him first, save
time and money; treatment can.be used at
home; consultation free. Call or write, 1023%
Market st. ' ,_^
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us. '■
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly; home
for patients separate from office; consult free;
'hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL,
• 1122 Market st., between Mason and Taylor.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
. > cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safo and sure at any time when
others have failed; instant relief for trav-
elers;, home in confinement: best care; con-
sultation free, confidential: every case guaran-
teed. MRS. PR. WYETH. removed from Turk
to 916 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicines or Instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1: cure. $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st. „
i 'AILMENTS— LadIes In trouble see Prs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure: cure in 24
! hours guaranteed: any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance: cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALLmarrl«>d ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS _ CO.. -.06 Clay st.
"$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
. RO MFG. C 0.. .631 X St.. Sacramento. .Cal.
PR. and MRS WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. P.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOP BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, . Cal.
PRIVATE hospital: best references: trained
nurses; home comforts. 2C4 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 481.
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Private home In con-
finement; midwife; 25 yrs. exper. 929 Howard.
PR. and Mra. Wise, HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles; $5 or money back. -
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles eared for dur-
-1 ' confinement. 727 Bellevue av.,Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 186 Second Bt.: te.l. Green 82. j
______ ___________ _
PROPOSALS.
WAR DEPARTMENT^ Quartermaeter Gen
eral'e Office, Washington, D. C. Jan. 20,
1899.— Transportation for Spanish prisoners of
war from the Philippine Islands '• to Spain.
By direction of the Secretary of War sealed
proposals are Invited for the transportation
of the Spanish prisoners of war now In the i
Philippine Islands from Manila or such other
ports In the Philippine Islands as may be
most convenient for . their embarkation to
Cadiz or such other ports of Spain as may
hereafter be designated. Their number is es-
timated as about sixteen thousand (16,000),
officers and enlisted men. Cabin accommoda-
tions are to be supplied for the officers and
! third-class or steerage accommodations hav-
ing suitable galley accommodations conform-
ing to the United States requirements as to
space and ventilation for the enlisted men.
The United States Government will deliver the
prisoners on board the vessels at Manila or
such other ports as may be designated for
their embarkation. Proposals will state the
price per capita for transporting officers and
for transporting enlisted men and for their
subsistence and delivering them on shore at
the Spanish port or ports to be designated,
and will be accompanied by a guarantee that
the prisoners will be comfortably cared for
, and subsisted while on the Journey, the sub-
sistence to be equal to United States "gar-
rison'; rations, as follows: One thousand
(1000) complete rations: Meat— Pork, one-
• tenth (1-10), seventy-five (76) pounds net
weight; bacon, two-tenths (2-10), one hundred
! and fifty (160) pounds net weight; tinned roast i
beef, seven-tenths (7-10), seven hundred (700)
pounds net weight. Flour or hard bread, net
weight one thousand (1000) pounds. Vegetables
—Dry 1 beans, net weight seventy-five (76)
pounds, or rice, net weight fifty (50) pounds;
fresh potatoes, net weight eight hundred (800)
pounds; onlors, net weight two hundred (200)
' pounds. Coffee, roasted, - net I weight eighty
(80) pounds; sugar, net weight one . hundred
and fifty (150) pounds; vinegar, net. weight
eighty (80) pounds; soap, net weight forty
(40) pounds: salt, net weight forty (40) pounds-
pepper, black, net weight two and five-tenths
(2.6) pounds. Proposals will state the num-
ber of vessels which are proposed to be used
• for the service, the name and classification of
each, the tonnage, capacity of each, their
epeed, the berth accommodations upon each
and the. approximate length of time required
by each vessel to make the voyage from
Manila to the coast of Spain. Proposals will
also state the time at which each vessel will
arrive in the harbor of Manila and report to
the chief quartermaster at that place ready
for the embarkation of the prisoners of war
Vessels of any nationality may be tendered
and will be considered for the , service re-
-1 ' quired. Payment for the service will be made
I when evidence is furnished that the ship
ha 3 arrived with her passengers at point '
of destination. The number \ of . officers
and men l counted aboard at: place of
embarkation by the quartermaster is to
determine the number to be paid for. Pro-
" posals should: be addressed to the Depot
Quartermaster, U. S. Army, New York City,
or to , the Depot Quartermaster, San Fran-
cisco, v Cal.. at ; which places they will be
opened ■at twelve (12) o'clock m., standard
time, on the -.first day of February, ■ eighteen
hundred and ninety-nine, "and submitted- to
this office. -. ; The Government reserves the
right to reject any and all proposals submit-
ted. M. I.'LUPINGTON, I Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. Army. .-■■-: "
,_Tel]in<^^ent^oticesT~ ~
WITTRAM PROPELLER COMPANY— Loci^
tlon of principal place of business, San Fran-
■ cisco, California. ft-- i :■> '.>:.. i:>
■ Notice— are delinquent upon the follow-
ing described stock, on account at assessment
No. 5, levied on the 12th day of December, 133$
the several amounts set opposite the names of
the respective shareholders, as follows; ■
■'■-:■■■ 'r.■: • ' ' ' No. ■ No. : ■ *.
Names— Cert. Shares. : Ant
L. W. Storror ;B 10 $ jo
L. W. Storror 12 100 . iOO
L. W. Storror • 10 100 . i qq
L. XV. Ftorror... 1} 60 60
L. W. Storror ......U 100 100
L. W. Storror IB > „ 50 . 60
L. W. 5t0rr0r......... 20 21,218 1-3 212 14
L. W. Storror.. 25.. . r 50 .;■ ■>.- 60
Nancy G Davis 18 10,000 100 00
• And ■In accordance with . law < and an order
of the Board of Directors, made on the 12th day
of December, 1898, so many shares of each
parcel of such stock as may be necessary will
be sold t at '■. public auction, at 1 the • office of
j the company, No. 327 Market street, San Fran-
cisco, California, on FRIDAY, the 3d day of
February, 1899. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. - m.
of said day, to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, 1 together with costs of advertising and
expense, of the eale.  -.  ■
• CHARLES A. ' HUG. Secretary. 1
■■ ,: 827 Market st., San Francisco, Cat.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
.............. MISSION COTTAGES
....... ON BITUMINIZED 1 STREET
$2200— Five and six room cottages
$2250— Four-room cottage.
$2400— Six-room . c0ttage.........
3 $2800— Five-room ; cottage...
$3200— Eight-room ; two-story • •••
" New moaern houses with every convenience
on the sunny side Twentieth st., between
Castro and Noe sts; lots 25x125; small cash
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
ONLY $2500. 1 ■ — "
Southwest corner of, Point Lobos and
Seventh ayes.; this is a bargain seldom
equaled; 57:6x100 Can you beat it? See it.
See It. H. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$16,500— RENTS $1950. a year: lot 50x120 to rear
street; this opportunity open for a short time;
location - north of Market, east of Van Ness
. ave.y always rented; old tenants and prompt
pay.- Address M., box 1618, Call office. -
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7- room and bath
cottage ■ with all the latest Improvements;
only one. block from. the electric cars. JACOB
HEYM AN. , 11 Montgomery st. '-. ,
CHOICE modern cottage; 6 rooms and base-
ment; situated close to Park; lot 50x100; sac-
rifice: $3000.. -Pac; Coast Ex.. 1007% Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The .Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. -
GO up at once to Antelope, Sacramento Co.,
and see the 10-acre tract, we will sell at low
prices on easy term*, and also -lease with
privilege to buy; our representative now at
Antelope and all who meet him now can get
special' inducements. McEWEN BROS., lIS
Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA — 160-acre .. ranch, occupied
>. for 17 years as stock ranch: new owner must
"sacrifice; price $1600; make. 'offer this week.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 4«0-4fi2
Eighth st., Oakland. v
WANTED— SmaII fruit farm on railroad near
city. Address box .1606, Call office.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. 11.. box
1292. Call office. - ■. r ■
FOR — Country home of T. 8. Wenstn-
gtr ; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
AN illustrated book free;. $4 to $34 an acre. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Cal.
SA> i RAFAEL HEAL ESTATE.
$650— LOT 30x100; cottage. 5 rooms.
$1800— Lot 50x120; cottage, 6 rooms: terms
$250 cash, balance monthly; building lots,
'terms' to suit. SCHOTTLER & CO., 632
• Market St. ' • ■ • '
MONEY TO LOAN. ".
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans ; ade on diamonds.
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all' articles of value;
lowest interest: private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy: phone Brown 323; our own
building; established 1851. UNct.E HAR-
- RIS. 15 Grant aye. .■■
AVOID delays; any, amount, $50 to $100,000; first
and second mortgages; 6 per cent; estates in
probate, undivided interests In estates, lega-
cies and mortgages bought; advice and money
furnished; full information free. P. A.
DOLAN, 40 Montgomery St., room 7.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no com-
mission: lowest interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people: ■no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 10031* Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to J. ,
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNgLLI. 180 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6U per cent on real estate, 3d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. Mt-COLGAN. 14 Montgomery. rm. »■
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg., r. 76.
A. M. Speck & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Muslo Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
. mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $60,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d morts-:
bjiv proposition. Drvden. 413 ' Montgomery st;
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— Interested in 2 valuable ad-
vertising inventions (patented); want respon-
sible party to form company to handle them.
Address box 1437, Call office.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 323 Montgomery.
LOST.
LOST— Baker Ft., between Hayes and Fulton;
blue enamel lady's watch. Finder will be re-
warded. r>flo Hayes . st. '
SUNDAY afternoon, near Chutes, collie bitch:
color orange: with white collar. Return to
HARRY CORBETT, 64 Ellis St., and receive
liberal reward.
LOST— Near Market and Fifth sts., on Saturday
evening, the 21st inst., a small pliable cover
cash account book. Finder please Inform
GRAHAM & LOANE, 439 Fifth St.
LOST— A brlndle greyhound bitch. Return to.
J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
and receive reward.
LOST — In the Mission, last .Thursday night,
canvas wagon top; folded. Address 12 Bour-
bon st. . ..'••■
OAKLAND advertisements.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE).
COTTAGE of 4 rooms in East Oakland; lot
28x100; choice fruit trees in. rear; $700; snap.
E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call;
16 pages. In wrapper, for marling. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALS.
FURNIT RE— Oood and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$950— MODERN cottage, ; 4 .rooms: lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion. ,
■ $1700— Modern cottage, 6 rooms; lot 26x125;
good location: near station; easy terms.
$1800— greatest bargain In Alameda: lot 50x150;
house of 6 rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash. ,- ... ■ •;. ■■..-.'..■••■- . - .
r Elegant corner, 44x150; new, modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $25
per month: this Is a snap. . '. .
Houses, to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
$500— 60x125 LOT on San Antonio aye. ~~
$1100—60x268 lot on Beaton ■ St.. near Santa
Clara aye.:;. ■■:■.■■.■■■,■.-"■ ;.. .- ;
$1600— G-room cottage, oa Grand st. : work
all done. ' • -■•.••; :
(2500—50x200 bouse. 8 rooms; windmill and
tank. ..'. •■-.-' ■ ■- . -~ '.- ,-..• i •'«.•.- . • •., -■
. — 50x150 ' elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms. .
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays. • - ■• ■•■;• -■■■' ■..-.■■■■
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. .
1500 Park St.. Alanvda.
x ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms, completely furnished,
or room and board for ladles in delicate
health. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4000 WILL buy a .handsome new home of 11
rooms; everything the best: street work all
done; grand view; close to university.' O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.. Oakland.
$250— 50x136 on 6th St., West Berkeley. 3
blocks from station. I. P. HANSON, 905%
■ Vallejo St.; San Francisco. . '
MARRIAGE. LICENSES.
- Marriage licenses have been Issued ss follows:
C. J. Behlow Jr. and Blanche M. Conn 2.'-22
Hermann Pantoskey and Rebecca Bendlt.. 6o-50
Giovanni Ootelll nncl Catarlna Pezzi: 24-21
G. ■S. ' Burmester and Elizabeth Jamison... 3l-26
John Moriarty and Mary Sheehan. . 48-3S
John C. Moore and Cecelia F. Oher 39-35
" BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS, 
t : Birth, marriage 'arid death- notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at' either of the publication. offices! and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DRISCOLL— In this city. January 23, ISP9, to
• the wife of Clarence Driscoll, a son. ■
HARVBTY— In this d»y; January 15, 1899, to the
wife of Dr. W. A. Harvey, a »on. :
-. ■. " - t . ■ ■ - .-.-■".■*■■■**•
MIEHLING— In this city, January 24. 1599. to
-the wife, of Professor ueorg'e S. Mfehling. a
. son." - . ' . • v '. '
NELPON-In this'city, January 23, 1.593. to the
• wife of John A. Nelson, a son.
_ ______ __
~*~ MARRIED.
ANDERSON-WHALEN-In this city. January
v. 1599, by the Rev. Father Brennan. John
Anderson and Mamie Whalen. both of Be-
. nicia.
CLA B URGH LEVY - In tnls city, January 22,
1839, by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, Samuel P.
Clayburgh and Ruby Levy.
GRAHAM - DDARTB— In this city, January 22,
1*39, at the First Baptist Church, by the Rev.
Dr. Woods. M. A. Graham and Mrs. G. N.
. marly, both of San Francisco.
_____ ~~
DIED.
Brackenwagen. H. Mclnty're, Lena
Byrfie, Annie I. McLane. Bernard '
Choynskl. Isldor N. Mathews, Mary
Flatley, Madeline T. Pacheco, Romualdo
- Gorham, James Perron, George
HJehn, Andrew O. Pihlman, Ida
Hogan, Henry G. Smith, Ludlow J. '
Kellen, Raymond F. Steinmann. Frank
Konrad, Herrman Sullivan. Dr. James
Lahey, James Sweeney, Henry
Lowe. Mary A. Toler. William P.
Lynch, Charlotte A.
BRACKENWAGEN— In this city, January 24,
1899, Henry .Brackenwagen, father of Mrs.
William Struckmann. Mrs. C. Tony and Eddy.
Rose and Otto Brackenwa<?en, a native -ol
. Germany, aged 63 years and 9 days.
| BYRNE— this city.. January 24. 1899, Annie
Irene, beloved daughter of Martin and Katie
Byrne, and sister of Mary, Katie and Lizzie
Byrne, a native of San Francisco, aeed 5
years 4 months and 13 days.
(C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 325 Elsie street, off Cortland ave-
nue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
} CHOYNSKI-In this city. January 24, 1399.
I Isidor >!.', beloved husband of Harriet
Choynski, and father of Herbert, Maurice A.,
Joseph B.", Edwin W. and Mirriam Choynskl,
a native of Germany, aged 64 years. i j
IC-^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence. 1209
Golden Gate avenue. .Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. .
FLATLEY— In this city, January 24. 1899.
Marline T. , dearly beloved daughter of John
and Catherine Flatley, and sister of Gertrude.
John, Harry and Willie Flatley, a native of
San Francisco, aged 11 years 3 months and 5
days. ! :••' *'■ •
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 , o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 574 Geary street, thence
t> St. Mary's Cathedral for services. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GORHAM— this city, January 24. 1599, James
Gorham, a native of Maine, aged 44 year s, ■
HJEHN— In this city, January 24. 1599. An-
drew O. HJehn, and brother of E. Fjellroth,
a native of Sweden, aged 32 years.
HOGAN— In San Rafael, January 23, 1899,
Henry G. Hosan, beloved brother of Mrs.
H. E. Abbott, James Hogan and Josephine
, Belmour, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence of deceased. South Fourth street. San
Rafael. Interment Mount Tamalpais Ceme-
tery. •
KELLEN— In this city, January 24, 1899. Ray-
mond Francis, beloved son of John and Mary
Kellen, a native of San Francisco, aeed 6
months and 21 days.
KONRAD— this city, January 24, 1899, Herr-
man Konrad, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
J. R. Rines, Joseph L. and Jacob C. Kon-
rad, Mrs. George H. Fowler and Louisa H.
and Herrman F. Konrad, a native of Baden.
Germany, aged 68 years 2 months and 13
days. . - - -
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, J. R. Rines, 559 Mis-
sion street, between First and Second. Inter-
ment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LAHEY— In this city, January 22, 1899, James
Lahey, beloved and only son of the late Mar-
garet Johnson, and brother of the late Sarah
Cysic-k and Mrs. Charles Lawrence, a native
of New York City, aged 32 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11) o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOWE— In Oakland, January 24, 1899, Mary
Ann, ■ beloved wife of John Lowe, a native of
Norfolk, England, aged 64 years and 3
months.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Thursday), at 12 o'clock, at the
. chapel at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. San
Mateo. .
LYNCH— January 23, 1899. Charlotte A., wife
of the late Michael Lynch, mother of the late-
Eugene J. Lynch, and sister of Charles C.
Judeon and Mrs. C. S. Benedict, a native of
New York. ■ • :■ ■
IC^'Funeral services will be held this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 323 Valencia street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
McINTRYE— In this city, January 24. 1599,
Lena, dearly beloved daughter of Mary and
John Mclntyre. and sister of Alfred. Maggie,
Gracie, Raymond, Mamlnie, Ella and Eugene
Mclntyre, a native of San Francisco, aged
14 years and 6 days. . '• '
IC^Frlends and , acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1224 Montgomery street, thence
to St. Francis Church, where a requiem high'
mass will be celebrated for the repose of -her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Members of
the Holy Angels' Sodality are requested to
attend. V * ■ • ' ' : • •
McLANE— In this city, January 24,. 1899, at the
family residence, 2029 Stelner street, Bernard
Francis, beloved son of Charles and Cath-
erine McLane, and brother of Charles A..
Frank, James, Kathryn, Rose and Prosper
. McLane, a native of San Francisco, ! aged 21
years.
[£7"Notice of funeral hereafter. ■
MATHEWS— In this city. January 23, 1899,
Mary Mathews, dearly beloved mother of
Margaret and Nellie Mathews, Sister M. Al-
phonse and Sister T. Stanislaus of New York
City, a native of County Louth, Ireland.
(C?* Friend s, are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), from
her late residence, 22 Bond street, thence' to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem' mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please, omit flowers. •
PACHECO— Oakland. January 23. 1899. Ro-
n.ual.ic Pacheco. a native of California, . aged
67 yeai 2 months and 23 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, corner of Fourteenth and
Harrison streets, Oakland. Interment pri-
vate. ' v
N. S. G. Alcatraz Parlor. N. S. G. W.:
. Special meeting called this (Wednesday)
evening at 8 o'clock, at N. S. G. W.
building, to make arrangements .for funeral.
THOMAS J. BARRY, President. >
PERRON— In this city. January 22. 1599. Geor<e
Perron, beloved brother of Phili, Fred. Ca-
mail and Phomle Perron and Mrs.' William
Kitchlson, a native of Canada, aged 30 years.
(Waupaca, Wis., papers please copy.)
- C Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street.
PIHLMAN— In this city. January 22, 1899, Ida,
beloved wife of William Pihlman, and mother
of Ray Pihlman, a native of Finland. aged
27 years. (Seattle, Wash., papers please
copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances and members
of United California Finn Sisterhood are
respectlully invited to attend the funeral this
day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Union
Square Hall, 421 Post street, between Powell
and Mason. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company, corner of Geary and
Stockton 'streets. , . •
SMITH— In this city, January 24, 1599, Ludlow
Jeffress. beloved son of W. W. and Mary E.
Smith, brother of Edward C. and Trevathen
P. Smith, and grandson of Elizabeth H. Coe,
.aged 2 years 10 months and 10 days. ... .
STEINMANN— In this city, January 22, 1899,
Frank Stelnmann, beloved husband of 'Eliza-
beth Stelnmann, and father of Emlle. Robert. ,
. , Green and Mrs. G. Bachmann, a native of
' Baden, Germany, ' aged 54 years 2 months and
■' 12 days. A member of Lincoln Post No. 1,
G. A. R.
Friends and acquaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3009 Van Ness avenue,. between Fran-
cisco and Bay streets. .......
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 24. 1899, at
his residence, 1105 Van Ness avenue. Dr.
James F. Sullivan, a native of Roxbury,
Mass.. aged 60 years and 9 months. -
(ETThe funeral 'will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from St; ■ Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated fur the repose of his soul. . In-'
terment private,. Mount Calvary Cemetery.:
SWEENEY— In the City and County Hospital,
January 23, 1899, • Henry Sweeney, a native ©f
Ireland, aged 65 years.
TOLER— Oakland, January 24. 1899, Wil-
liam Pinkney, beloved husband of Maria A.
Toler, a native of Venezuela, aged 73 years.
IprFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
8:30 o'clock, from the family residence, 546
Albion street, thence to .the Church of the
Immaculate Conception, where a solemn re- .
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9. o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MR. AND MRS. B. GRAVE and family desire
to thank their many friends and acquaint-
ances and the members of Aloyslan Sodality
of St. Francis parish for the sympathy ex-
tended them in their recent bereavement. '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., v
' (Successors to . Flanagan & Gallagher*.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALrES_
' 10 Fifth st., opposite Liucola ociiooc
Telephone South 80. - •_ - ■ / . , : ;
1 McflVOY _■ CO.; "I"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAL&IESIS ' I
1235 Market st, between Bth and »th. I '
' - Telephone. South ■ 247. ' I
■ ' ■ ;■ , - ■ -■■ - ...,~... fc -
1112
EPISCOPAL
CONVENTION
IN SESSION
Proceedings Opened With Sol
emn Services at St. Paul's
Church.
Right Rev. Bishop Nichols Presides and
Reports Show the Diocese to Be
in Splendid Condi
tion.
THE forty-ninth annual convention of
the Episcopal Church of the Pacific
Coast was Inaugurated yesterday
morning at 10:30 o'clock in St. Paul's
Church, on California strict, near Steiner,
with solemn ami impressive services.
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols. D.D..
Bishop of California, officiated in the
reading of the communion service. Right
Rev. William Willcox Pen-in, D.r.1...
LI-.D.. the Lord Rishop of Columbia, read
the Gospel for the day, and Right Rev.
Jnpoph H. Johnson, D.D., Bishop of Los
Angeles, intoned the epistle. The other
bishops present in the chancel were: Right
Rev. Bishop-elect William Hall More-
RIGHT REV. W. W. PERRIN, Lord Bishop of Columbia.
land. D.D., of Sacramento; Right Rev. A.
R. Graves, D.D., of Nevada; Right Rev.
William Morris Barker. P. D., of Olym
pia; Ripht Rev. John Mills Kendrick.
D.D.. of New Mexico and Arizona: Right
Rev. A. B. Leonard of Salt Lake, who
delivered the sermon. Forty-four mem
bers of the Episcopal clergy were present,
;:ii(l tht- whole chancer and the first two
rows of the pewa were occupied by the
divines.
The services began with the procession
al of the clergy In their priestly robes.
REV, D. 0. KELLEY, Secretary Board o! Directors.
They were preceded by the vested choir
of St. Paul's Church, who sang the hymn,
"The Church's One Foundation is Jesus
<hr;st Her Lor.i." After the regular
morning prayer Rev. William Maxwell
Reilly, rector of St. Pauls, made the an-
In his sermon the Bishop of Salt Lake
said:
"We meet on the eve ofthe conversion
of St. Paul in the extreme western city
of the United States. Behind us is fifty
years of church work in California, the
foundation of which was l^id by the Apos
tolic Kip. 1 wish to pay my tribute to
the first Bishop of this State. May he
have eternal rest.
"The closing years of the nineteenth
century witness great things for the
fhurch in California. With the construc
tion of an interoceatiic Canal, with Alaska
and Hawaii, the Pacific Coast will assume
an Importance it has never had before.
There will com* work for us in bringing
men and women to the lovo of God. It is
a call to :i new effort, but we need the
incentive of an ideal. We need an exam
ple like that of Paul of Tarsus. His mis
sion and career extended through twenty
rears. He was a missionary expansion
ist.
"We must expand and grow, as we shall
with the divine blessing. If it is true that
our church is lagging in the race, let us
be roused into new activity. Let us work
for expansion. The church will be strong
In proportion as her strength is developed
in the cities
The service concluded with the commu
nion, followed by the recessional, "Re
lolce, Ye Pure in Heart."
The first business meeting of the con
vention was called to order by Bishop
Nichols early in the afternoon. The fol
lowing clergy and lay delegates with duly
accredited credentials were accepted:
TilKht Rev. William Ford Nichols, P.D.,
chairman; the Rev*. C. G. Adams. B. O.
i Raker. M.D.. John Bakewell, D.D., W. V?.
Bolton, W. M. Boues, W. A. M. Breck. A. L.
lirewer D.D., W. A. Brewer, W. P. Case. Ho
linrt Chetwood, E. B. Church, H. B. Collier,
H, K. Cookr. J. R. de Wolf Cowie, Thomas G.
' Clump, G. Is. Deyo, G. A. Eastern, J. A. Em
: cry, Albert Ennor. \V. H. Fenton Smith. R. C.
Foute, J. G. Gasmann, D. C. Gardner, Wyllys
Hnll, D.D., W A. Hamilton, D.C.U. H. S-
Hanson, William Hart. C. M. Hoge, Henry
Hewitt. James Hulme, G. H. Jenks, M.D.. Ede
B. Jany, D. O. Kelley, Daniel Kendig. W. I.
Kip Jr.. T. J. Lacey. Ph.D., V. Mar?hall Law,
! M.D., Hamilton Lee, F. B. A. Lewis, -M.D.,
Edw. Lewis. J. O. Lincoln, C. S. Linsley,
Edsar J. Lion, William Lucas, D. G. Mc-
Kinnon, A. A. McAltster, D. McClure, Ph.D.,
.1 S. McGowan, L. D. Mansfleld. W. H. More
[ land, H. 13. Monges, Eilw. Morgan. F. J.
, Myn;ird. J. Nicholas. William Nixon.'. J. A.
I O'Meara, Herbert Parrish, E: L. Parsons, A.
iT. Perkins. T. L. Randolph, W. M Rellly
| Robert I:Hrhie, L. C. Sanford. E. B. Spaldlng
L.H.D., William Stowe, George E. Swan XV
: C. Shaw. C. O. TUlotson, A. Todhunter, J. B.
; Wakefleld. D.D., George 'Wallace, J., D. War
! ren. W. D. Williams, D.D.. M. IX Wilson-
Deacons Charles Hitchcock, S. J. D. Lee G S
Mead, J. P. Turner, W. C. Young.
Lay delegates, parishes and missions: Ala-
I meda Christ Church— Dr. A. X. Lewis, F. E
i Mason Flemon Drake, T. M. French, C B
Russell. ..'.
w ßa^g fi h e t l . 'M. s McESuglr w - c - Ambrose - E "
Berkeley. St. Mark's— Colonel Chandler. Wil
liam T. Weleker, A. M. Sutton, George Reed
Fresno. St. James-William G. Uridge. T M
Miller, John McMullin, : Dr. Norman D. Kelley'
William Lucas Jr. -- v "
Hanford, Church of Our Savior— H. W Raw
lins. J. E. Rawllns, H. A. Pepys, B. L,
Barnes, C. Downing. ".. "*
Haywards, Trinity , Mission— Harcourt G
I 5! Xg I\ A - R - Miller. R. Mills. Mrs. O. L,"
Warfel, MiM N. A B. Wright.
Hollister St. Lukes-Charles Hopecroft, F.
J. Titus, John Smith. "
: Lorln. St. Matthew's Mission— R. H. Spencer,
R. R? w'iSon - C -- Turner - Daniel D^rneu!
Los Gatos, St. Luke's-^J. W. Lyndon, Mrs. J.
| \\ . Lyndon Mrs. T. ■H. Davis, Mrs. E. Far
; ley, Mrs. H. <B. Edwards.
Grace-Charles C. Swain. Samuel
Potter. Dr. C. Y. Merrill, F. Williams. Mrs.
i Bailhache. ,- -
Menlo Park. Trinity— E. E. Eyre, E. W.
REV. MARDON D. WILSON, Secretary of the Convention.
Hopkins, \V. J. Adams, R. D. Glrvin, EJgai
Mills.
: Merced. St. Luke's— A. R. Gurr, E. T. Dixon,
, J. A. Norvel.
Mill Valley. Church of Our Savior— Julian
Harries. James W. Mackie.
i Oakland, St. Andrew"»~W. A. M Van Bok
! kelen, I). K. Moulton, Milton Wilder, G. A.
Hall. F. W. W; Hulme. ML D. Church of th«
Advent— F. E. Pope, Dr. H. E .lone?. H. O.
Houth, F. StaHen, C. B. Foot. St. John'n—
Theo. B. Coghill. C. K. Kin?, E. E. Oborn, R.
M. Bbernua. St. Paul's— C. V. Haven, Mark
Requa, Fred Hall, Henry Talyor, Walter
Graves. Trinity— L. J. Le Conte. Jyhn Hamp
ton. Julian Matthleu, T. V. Bakewell, Dr.
Daub.
Pacific Grove. St. Marys by the Sea MlMlon—
G. 8. Hamilton. M- i. S. G. Hamilton, E. H.
I Trice, Mrs. R. Eaten, Hiss M. G. Winslow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1899,
Palo Alto, All Saints— R. H. Fauclough, G. I.
Pierce, Gilbert Wlgle, A. T. Murray, M. Rob
erts.
Randsburg, Trinity— l. M. Movers, G. W. Fox,
Charles H. Wynn, Joseph H. Pearson.
Redwood City, St. Peter's^James Crowe,
Mrs. James Crowe, Mrs. W. H. Adams.
Sallnaa St. Paul's— M. Williams, J. W. Raw
ling, T. Renison, R. S. Porter, J. A. Webßter.
San Francisco, Church of the Advent— G. H.
Mendell, Ira D. Thompson, O. A. Harker, J.
W. Allane, H. L. Slosson Jr.; Grace— L. M.
Rengwalt, W. Mintzer. J. D. Day, W. 11.
Crocker, K. Wright; St. James— Messrs. Mar
shall, Vincent, Hulbs, Newberry, Maughan; St.
John the Evangelist— E. D. Bullnrd. F. Eich
baum, B. McKinnie, F. L. Southack, F. W.
Van Reynegom; St. Luke's— A. N. Drown, H.
C. Davis, A. H. Phelps. J. A. Wright, O. H.
Kellogg; St. Mary the Virgin— J. D. Johnson,
A. M. Blade. T. Banks, J. C. Bailey; St. Paul's—
E. A. Selfridge, J. C. Donald, R. H. Country
man. James H. Wallace J. M. Gassaway; St.
Peter's— H. T. Graves, C. P. Silkman. Alex
Gray, A. Jones; St. Stephen's— F. W. Harvey,
A. F. Price, C. E. Holmes, R. W. Lucy, C.
Ashton; Trinity— W. E. Dean, J. F. Houghton,
J. V. D. Middleton,' R. Bauc<\ W. B. Hooper.
San Jose, Trinity— C. H. Allen, E. C. Flagg,
E. Williams. A. C. Dalley, A. S. Bacon.
San Luis Obispo, St. Stephen's— R. •E. Jack,
H. Vatchell, B. Brooks, R. W. Sanford, T. W.
Crittenden.
San Mateo, Church of St. Matthew— E. D.
Beylard, L. C. McAfee, F. P. Howard, F. L.
Moody, W. H. Howard.
San Rafael, St. Paul's— William Babcock. V.
Neale, C. Pomeroy, J. F. Boyd, J. C. Robin
son.
Santa Clara. Church of Holy Savior— L. F.
Duncan, Dr. K. Smith.
Santa Cruz, Calvary— E. L. Williams, G.
Bowman. E. T. Hilton. D. Dlckenson, T. W.
Stnnsfeld.
Sauhalito, Christ Church— H. T. Crumpton,
Mrs. M. T. Crumpton, Miss I. Tllllnghasf, Mrs.
H. C. Campbell, Mrs. George Tashena.
Sonora. St. James— E. Kndicers. C. Burden.
Miss B. Dorsey, W. Rother, Mrs. A. A. Miller.
Stockton, St. John's— H. Hewlett, A. Wolf,
R. Wllhart, C. Jones, C. Owen.
Tulare, St. John Mission— E. Barber, J.
Allen.
Vlsalia, St. Paul's— C. Norrls, Mrs. C. H.
Norrls and'E. O. Miller.
Walnut Creek. St. Paul's— H. O'Nell. Mrs.
H. O'Neil, Mrs. E. Hutchlnson, Mrs. S. J.
FearKOn, Mrs. A. B. Caldwell.
Watsonvllle, All Saints— J. MrOowan, W.
Burbeck. E. Hall, W. Porter. J. Baeher.
West Berkeley, Good Shepherd— M. Trimble.
W. Chase, Mrs. Chase and Mrs. Ratcllff.
The convention then extended its cour
tesies to the visiting Bishops and clergy
men. Mardon D. Wilson was elected sec
retary by acclamation. The question of
raising the salary of the Bishop of this
diocese was taken up, but no conclusion
was arrived at.
After luncheon at the Occidental Hotel
the convention resumed its labors, and
the chair announced the appointment or
the following committees:
On Canons— Revs. R. C. Foute, D. O. Kelley
and Robert Ritchie, Messrs, A. N. Drown, i.
W. Van Reynegom. Dr. J. M. Gassaway.
On Church Charities-Revs. E. J. Lion and F.
J. Mynard, Messrs. Edgar Mills, H. M. Sher
man, William Rabrock.
Standing Committees— On Incorporation and
Admission of Parishes and Missions— Rev. VV .
U Rellly E. D. Bullard. W. C. Ambrose.
On Credentials— Rev. Mardon D. Wilson (sec
retary), J. C. Donald, C. O. Russell.
On "Flnance-W. B. Hooper. Dr. H. C Davis,
L. M. Rinswalt, C. D. Haven, \\ . A. M. Van
Bokkelen." •.«•»»...
On Auditing— Alanson H. Phelps, F. H. Eich
baum, Francis Avery.
On State of the Church— Revs. H. K. Cooke
and D G. McKinnon, Mr. G. H. Kellogg.
On Unfinished Business— Rev. John A. Emery,
William Burback, E. W. Wright.
The following were placed in nomina
tion and the election was made the regu
lar business for Thursday at 3:30 p. m.:
Board of Directors— Walter E. Dean, A. N.
Drown, Rev. V. O. Kelley. Rt. Rev. W. F.
Nichols, D.D., A. H. Fhelps, William A. M.
Van Bokkelen. John A. Wright.
Standing Committee, clerical members— Key.
H. E. Cooke, Rev. R. C. Foute. Rev. E. J.
Lion Rev. D. O. McKinnon, Rev. Robert
Ritchie, Rev. E. B. Spaldlng. L.H.D.
Lay Members-Mr. A. N. Drown. Mr. C. D.
Haven, Major W. B. Hooper. Colonel George
H. Mendell, Mr. J. J. Valentine, Mr. William
Babcock. _
Board of Missions, clerical members— Rev. J.
R DcWolfe Cowie, Rev. F. J. Mynard, Key.
W. M. Reilly. Rev. G. E. Pwan.
Lay members-Dr. H. C. Davis. C. D. Haven,
G. H. Kellogg, Colonel J. V. D. Middleton.
The Lord Bishop of Columbia was call
ed upon to address the delegates and
said in part: "It is with deep pleasure
that I testify my appreciation of being
allowed to be present among you. I suc
ceeded Bishop Hills as Bishop of Colum
bia in 1892, when I was called to assume
part of his Jurisdiction. It is a coinci
dence that the province of British Co
lubbia has three Bishops, just as this
province has three. Your hospitality and
kindness quite overwhelm me, and I
trust that I will go back to my diocese
refreshed and prepared to do better
work."
The distinguished divine then read a
letter from Dr. Temple, Archbishop of
Canterbury, in which the latter wrote:
"I rejoice at your invitation to be pres
ent at the consecration. It shows that
there is a good understanding with our
brothers in the United States. God has
given the churches in America a great
mission, and the Bishops are pressing on
to a full discharge of the duty with
splendid zeal."
In a similar strain the Archbishop of
Ruperts Land wrote to Bishop Perrin:
"Express for me to the Bishops presid
ing at the consecration the sympathies of
the church of Canada with the growth
and expansion of the American church
and my prayer that the Holy Spirit may
be given in such fullness to the new
Bishop of Sacramento that he may be a
great blessing to his diocese."
Major Hooper's resolutions that the
thanks of the convention be conveyed to
the Archbishops of Canterbury and Ru
perts Land for the kind messages of
grace and good cheer received by the
Lord Bishop of Columbia were adopted
by a rising vote.
Bishop Abiel Leonard addressed the
convention and expressed the hope that
the church of the Pacific coast would
march to that high plane which God has
designed for her.
The report of the treasurer. William A.
M. Van Bokkelen, showed a healthy con
dition of finances. The Bishop's salary
fund showed total receipts of $3497 17, of
which $63 84 represents the balance on
hand to new account. The convention
fund has $1(516 46 to its credit. The mis
sionary fund shows disbursements of
$6189 88 and receipts of $4931 79. leaving a
shortage for eight months of $258 09. The
disabled clergy fund shows $16,570 92 in
the hands of the investment committee"
widows' and orphans' fund, $11,493 07; en-
dowment fund. $15,295 S6; memorial bed
fund in Security Savings Bank, $643 36-
San Mateo endowment fund in Mutual
Savings Bank, $145: Eastman educational
fund, in three banks. $4201 80. Total as
sets on hand, $48,618 31.
Major Noble, aid to Major General
Shafter, was called upon for a few re
marks and said: "I really felt more com
fortable under the fire of the Spaniards
than I do making a speech before this
august body. I have a feeling of thank
fulness in my heart in this return to my
home and church. I will say that beau
tiful memorial services were held over the
graves of those who died in Santiago, un
der the auspices of the Brotherhood of
St. Andrew, of which I am a member."
Bishop Nichols then read his annual
address and explained that the reports
covered a period of only eight months,
since the time of the convention had been
constitutionally changed from Easter to
the present month. He stated that Cali
fornia was the only State in which church
property was taxed, and it was the in
tention to submit a measure to the peo
ple and to the Legislature, asking for
needed relief in the matter. The diocese
was In splendid condition and with the
expansion policy of the Government was
bound to have new opportunities of
spreading the faith of Christ. It is the
mission of the church to keep pace with
the progress of the nation. He referred
feelingly to the death of several Episco
pal divines, and also to the consecration
of Bishop-elect Moreland. He spoke of
the semi-centennial celebration in 1900 and
the general convention to be held in this
city in 1901, at which questions of momen
tous import would be decided.
The convention then adjourned until
this afternoon at St. Paul's Church.
BROTHERHOOD OF
ST. ANDREW
Convention to Be Held in This
City on Thursday and
Friday.
The first convention of the Brotherhood
of St. Andrew will commence in this city
to-day. The dioceses represented will be:
California, Los Angeles, Sacramento,
Utah and Nevada, New Mexico, British
Columbia, Arizona, Oregon. Olympia and
Spokane. In this jurisdiction there are
sixty chapels, numbering above 2000 mem
bers.
The organization Is composed of young
men in the Episcopal church, and was
founded in 1883 in Chicago. There are
over 15,000 members in the United States.
Wherever the Church of England has its
dependencies the Brotherhood of St. An
drew is represented. The present conven
tion has been called mainly for a com
bined effort to bring the great annual
convention to California at some future
time.
The following is the programme for
Thursday and Friday:
Thursday, from 5:30 to 6:30 p. m., at the
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samaritan, a
quiet hour will be held under the direction of
Lord Bishop Perrln, M. A. Oxon., of Columbia.
At S p. m., at the Church of the Advent,
Eleventh street, the convention will be called
to order by Counselor L. C. McAfee. An ad
dress on "Christ's Influence on the Brother
hood" will be delivered by Professor Bailey,
University of California, followed by R. C.
Daniels on "Brotherhood Influence on the
Church."
On Friday at 7 a. m. a corporate communion
will be celebrated by Rev. W. I. Kip Jr. From
6:30 to 7:45 p. m. the sessions will be con
tinued at the Church of St. John the Evangel
ist, near Valencia and Fifteenth. An address
will be delivered by Rev. E. B. Spaldlng, S.
T. D. "The Needs of the Pacific Coast from a
Brotherhood Standpoint" will be the theme of
the address of Right Rev. U. M. Barker, Bishop
of Olympla. The Bishop of Sacramento, Right
Rev. W. H. Moreland, will then speak upon
"What the Brotherhood Can Do in the Diocese
of Sacramento."
After the singing: of the "Gloria In
Excelsis," the benediction will be pro
lounced and the convention adjourned.
KILL'S FIGHT
IS DECLARED
TO BE A DRAW
Plainly Has Better of
McConnell.
REFEREE RULED OTHERWISE
Short-Enter Tried to Mix Things.
Cocker Tweedie Too Much for
Tye and Won in the
Fifteenth.
The National Club managers had oc
casion to smile last evening when they
feasted their eyes on the large gather
ing of sport lovers who witnessed the
three fistic battles in Woodward's Pa
vilion.
Frank McConnell and Al Neill fought
twenty rounds, and the referee, Jim
McDonald, called it a draw, notwith
standing that Neill was entitled to the
decision. However, if McDonald had
given judgment In favor of Neill he
would certainly have received a rally of
hisses from the sports who had wagered
on McConnell, who sold a favorite at
$10 to $6.
Tim Hurst of baseball fame refereed
the fifteen-round bout between "Cock
er" Tweedle, who is a relative of Young
Griffo, and Charley Tye of Oakland.
Hurst proved himself to be the right
man in the right place. In other words,
he Is a first-class referee of fistic con
tests, and his decision favoring Tweedie
was well received.
The bout between "Jockey" Mavnard
and Willie Cole was far from beine
satisfactory. Maynard is a cunning
lad and he certainly fought under pool- j
box rules. He trained with the view of
becoming perfect in "faking" a knock
out, and to the unsophisticated his act
last evening was quite clever.
Immediately following the second
preliminary contest Professor Billy Jor
dan, the man of stentorian voice, in
troduced Frank McConnell and Al Neill.
McConnell looked as if he had trained
down too fine, and judging from his
style of light, he certainly appeared as
If he had gone stale.
Neill, on the other hand, was perfect
physically. He is a much stronger man
than McConnell, and may eventually
work his way to the top of the pugilistic
ladder. The knowing ones, who pre
dict winners, were very much surprised
when they saw how Neill performed be
fore his more experienced opponent.
They were very sanguine that McCon
nell would place Mr. Neill In the land
of dreams inside of ten rounds, but
their surprise can be imagined when
they saw Neill take the aggressive from
the start and by go-od, hard punching
and clever stopping put his opponent
all but out in the sixth round. Had
Neill been more experienced in ring
generalship, he certainly would have
won the contest in the early rounds of
the game.
In the first round McConnell was the
aggressor. He took matters easy, as he
evidently thought it was only a ques
tion of a few rounds when he would
drop his opponent by placing his trusty
right on the chin. During the round
Neill proved that he was no slouch, and
his foot work was far superior to that
of his opponent.
In the second round Neill let out a
link, and he returned blow for blow,
holding his own with Me. In the
third and fourth rounds Neill sur
prised McConnell. Instead of acting
on the defensive he forced matters and
landed several times on McConnell's
face, occasionally sending home a
good, stiff right under McConnell's
guard.
The contest waxed very warm !n the
fifth round and Neill had McConnell on
the retreat. In fact, McConnell was on
the run and the gallery gods shouted at
him to stand his ground and fight. In a
hot rally near the finish of the round
McConnell planted a hard left on Neill's
nose, drawing first blood.
The sixth round was the most excit
ing of any. Neill, evidently under ad
vice from his attendants, went right at
his quarry and there was a hot mix-up
at close range. Both fighters tried their
utmost to score a knock-out blow, but
McConnell was hitting wild while Neill
was planting good straight lefts antf
short-arm rights on McConnell's face
and neck. McConnell, in an attempt to
side-step a wicked right chop, slipped
and as he pulled himself together Neill
caught him a left-hand jolt on the chin
and a right-hander under the ear
which sent McConnell to the floor.
He remained down nine seconds, and
Neill, who was watching the count,
pointed his finger at the referee, say
ing: "Why don't you call him out? He
is down more than ten seconds." In the
meantime McConnell regained his pins
and made a vicious lunge at Neill, who
ducked the blow, and McConnell again
fell on his knees. He remained down
only a few seconds, but the fight was
resumed when he again toed the scratch
and several hard blows were exchanged
at very short range.
Just before the gong sounded the men
to corners, McConnell caught Neill the
hardest smash that he administered
during the fight. It was a risrht-hand
swing in the mouth, which caused Neill
to see stars.
The seventh round was tolerably ex
citing. Neill was anxious to land a
knockout blow and he flung rights and
lefts at his antagonist. One of the
blows landed a bit low and McConnell
appealed to the referee, who said
"Fight on."
The fighters hammered away at close
range; it seemed as If a finishing touch
would momentarily result.
Neill's pace slowed perceptibly after
this round, but nevertheless McConnell
had a wholesome respect for his op
ponent's "dukes" and fought at long
range. Time and again Me tried to
land his right, but his judgment was
not good and the glove landed every
where except on the vulnerable spot.
In fact, McConnell depends altogether
on his right to win the long green. His
left is very poor.
Neill has two good hands, and he out
classed McConnell in straight hitting,
leading and footwork. Neither man
sustained any serious damage.
Jockey Maynard went down to de
feat in the fourth round of his contest
with Willie Cole, the hard-hitting youth
from the Manhattan Athletic Club. In
the first round Cole took the aggressive
and sent several well-aimed lefts to
Maynard's face. Maynard retaliated
with a right counter on Cole's jaw, and
there was a bit of clever sparring in the
center of the ring. The third and
fourth rounds were lively affairs. In
the fourth Maynard rushed Cole. They
clinched and the jockey went to the
floor and was counted out. If Cole
landed a knockout punch on his oppo
nent those occupying seats close to the
ringside failed to notice it. At any rate
Maynard when he struck the inviting
canvas covered his face with both
hands and lay there in a contented
fashion until his seconds dragged him
to his corner. His eyes were closed and
to all appearances he was knocked out,
but when Spider Kelly shoved a vial
of strong ammonia under the nose of
the apparently unconscious youth he
kicked and fought like a madman.
It was "handed" around town before
the fight by the wise ones that Cole was
"easy money" as Maynard intended to
"lay down." His subsequent actions
certainly gave color to the rumor.
The fifteen-round contest between
"Cocker" Tweedie and Charlie Tye was
really the event of the evening:. It
was certainly the fastest fifteen rounds
that the old clock in Woodward's Pa
vilion ever ticked off.
Tweedie, though a warm favorite in
the betting, far exceed expectations.
He proved himself to be one of the
cleverest" and fastest two-hand fighter
that has performed in this city for a
long time. He seemed to have count
less hands all landing on Tye's body at
the same time. The entire fifteen
rounds could be easily described by
saying that Tweedie punched the Oak
land man a thousand times and the
Oakland man came back for that many
more.
The Australian has a most peculiar
method of fighting, and during the fif
teen rounds he introduced many inno
vations into the game that turned the
spectators more topsyturvy than they
did Tye. His circua-like tactics were
both effective and amusing. The Oak
land man took Tweedle's double and
triple-action punches on the body and
face from the moment the gong clanged
in the first round until the welcome
slogan sounded to cease hostilities.
Tye's face looked as if some experi
enced butcher had been practicing on
it with a new meat ax, so badly was he
punished. Tye fought his up-hill bat
tle gamely. He was puzzled and rattled
more perhaps by the Australian's pe
culiar antics than he was by the trip
hammer thumps that the Cocker kept
sending in on his face and body. The
men agreed to hit with one arm free,
which literally means "keep punching
away until the referee separates you."
This agreement gave the Cocker un
limited scope to display his wonderful
dexterity with both hands and feet.
In the first round Tye lashed out with
his left and caught Tweedie a hot
smash on the side of the face. The
Cocker smiled, and as they were com
ing out of a clinch Tweedie started his
both hands going like a donkey engine,
landing right and left on Tye's jaw.
The Oakland man looked worried, but
he came back quickly with a left hook
on the Cocker's head, which shook him
up. Tweedie smiled, and a^ain started
his fists In motion. He simply smoth
ered Tye with punches, and then
danced away with one of those "Oh, I
guess I'm bad" expressions in his eyes.
From the second to the tenth round
Tweedie kept pegging away at his op
ponent's ribs and head, but the Oak
land lad stood up well under the ter
rible shower of blows. He contented
himself with lashing out with his right
once in a while in a vain endeavor to
catch the Cocker on the point and end
the battle. Once in the fifth round Tye
got home solidly with his right and for
a moment it looked as if he had a
chance to terminate the bout in his
favor.
Tvreedie rallied quickly, however, and
went back again at his quarry with
more vim than before. He changed off
from Tye's body to the jaw with light
ning rapidity. A disconsolate glare
shone In Tye's eyes, but he came back
to the fray after each mixup as If he
liked the game. He had a forlorn hope
in his trusty right and took some des
perate chances to lajid It in a vital
spot, but every time he let it go the
Cocker had his right glove nestled
snugly under his jaw, ready to smoth
er It.
The last five rounds of the bout were
faster than the first ten. Tye knew his
only chance, and he kept lying low for
an opportunity to send it in.
Tweedie either did not know that Tye
was gifted with a dangerous right or
he did not care a rap. He stepped
into close quarters with his opponent
and kept whanging away with right
and left, never even stopping; to spar
for wind.
In the final round Tweedie had Tye
all but out. He rushed the Oakland
man to the ropes and beat a tattoo on
his bruised body. Tye clinched to
save himself and Referee Tim Hurst
had to break them away. The gong
found Tweedie walloping Tye in the
ribs with stiff right Jabs. Hurst mo
tioned both fighters to their corners
and decided the bout in Tweedie's fa
vor. The decision was popular in all
sections of the house. When Tye left
the ring he was roundly cheered for his
display of gameness.
The Betting.
Betting on the contests was unusually
brisk yesterday at Harry Corbett's
poolroom on Ellis street. McConnell
was a hot favorite at prevailing odds
of ten to seven. Very little money
changed hands on the Maynard-Cole
bout, it being reported that Maynard
intended to lie down. Tweedie was a
big favorite over Tye. auctions being
offered on the bout at ten to four,
Tweedie favorite.
Aiiakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. *
I
"-..y -."' ADVEBTISEMEIJTS.. _ . ■ .■- -,
NOVELTY
DRESS GOODS,
This week we will offer our en-
tire stock of NOVELTY FRENCH
DRESS PATTERNS at Greatly Re-
duced Prices.
07 En 35 PATTERN SUITS,
Olivlll Reduced from $13. 50.
00 nn 30 PATTERN SUITS,
OvlUUl Reduced from $15.
oin nn 20 pattern suits,
OIUIUUI Reduced from $17.50.
019 Rn 18 PATTERN SUITS, i
OlfclwUl Reduced from $20.
OIK nn 20 PATTERN SUITS,
V I ]U U I : Reduced from $25.
QPFPIAI 50 pieces ALL-WOOL COLORED FRENCH
OrLoIAL. SERGES, 42 inches wide, in a good variety
of colorings,
35c Yard.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
CALIFORNIA BOYS
MUST RETURN HOME
RELATIVES AND FRIENDS DE
MAND THEIR DISMISSAL.
Over Six Hundred Parents Sign a
Petition to Be Forwarded Im
mediately to President
McKinley.
TO the President of the United
States and the Secretary of War:
Whereas, the First Regiment of
California Infantry of United
States Volunteers were the first
troops to leave the United States for
a foreign port during the war with
Spain, having left San Francisco May
25, 1898, and have been continuously in
service away from homo longer than
any other volunteer regiment, except
the Second Oregon Regiment. w*i<ch
went out with the First California
Regiment.
And, whereas, many of the men vol
unteered and are now detained in tho
service at great sacrifice to their per
sonal interests;
.And. whereas, long detention in a
trcj.!cal climate Is undermining the
health and spirits of many of our bet't
>oung men who gave their services
so cheerfully to their country when
hostilities were actually pending:
We, the undersigned relatives
friends and representatives of mem
bers of the First Regiment of Califor
OF INTERES T
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correipoading Witt Any tt tfct UiUmimf, Tima Pi«»»» K«ati» B "Ths Call."
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
W«. SCHOENING;!^ 9 ' upptled -
BELTING.
I P TIFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltln »md
I" r * IICUCD, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
tslon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS. \
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Off:oe and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045. '
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS 'COMPANY.
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RPIFN * CAWC-Makers and Dealers la
DttlLll Of MlllJLandaus, Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
•t.. , San Francisco. ■ > • ''
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
«OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS. Xi--
SANDERS' ft CO., practical coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing, Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First;
all work guaranteed. ■ .
• DRUGGISTS 'WHOLESALE .
BHWBTOJI & GO, ag^f
' FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
MC DAVGC £• rti Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- Dl)lt3 & Ul,. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
11 1 1 ft Ift Hunters Equipments. Fishing
IlilEy X Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
11 11 11 for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
, wwnw 739 Market street.
»a Volunteers, most earnestly request
that said members be allowed to re
turn to their homes and business If
troops are necessary in the Philip-
P [£ eS> *Z£ res PeGtrully: request that
first I sent be > sent ;.to relieve those
Jnf nt!ng our -humble request you
will relieve many anxious hearts in
San Francisco and vicinity. and will
gratify the most ardent wish of al
ment. every enlisted man in said re!-
This resolution, introduced before a.
meeting °, the relatives of the volunteer
soldiers of the First California Regiment
voices the general sentiment not on?v o*
mothers and sisters of the boys now at
S^neS? S&K* 11 — ' "^KI or
In addition to the introduction and
adoption of this petition a number of sirn
-1% T SP tltf^ ns and res olutions were adopt,
ed, directing requests for assistance in
as^a^tffirste 40 ™ and Represen -
A resolution was introduced having for
its purpose the advisability of sending
a committee selected from relatives of
tho volunteers to "Washington to ask for
the return of the regiment. This, how
ever, was not adopted, but in its place a
resolution was passed that every means
in the combined power of those inter
ested in the request made for the imme
diate dismissal be executed.
When the petition was finally presented
for the signature of President Moore it
contained over six hundred names.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
HARDWARE.
pALACE Hardware Co. .lmporters S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 7527
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedlev. Proos..
234 Fremont St. -Castings of Erery De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE pu J£i ND pa per co..
If IH.HIHL I IE ,722 Montgomery Street
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES,.,,
STATIONER AND PRINTER
Te Ss phlc PAß TRIDGEf;^
THE HICKS- JUDD^oTEi^!^
TYPEWRITERS.
S§L All Typewriters Rented.
SjSjfcSrl. Few partly used for sale cheap.
AHaK^l^ AGENTS SMITH' PREMIER.
J||S3f|i^ L. &M. ALEXANDER.
*** * — ' • 110 Montgomery* street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail: send for samples stat-
. ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Cc -
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. "
TI TNI!? Wea'dqiiarters for line Jewelry and
• LVnVlt n!rij>-k. Wedding Kings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO at It.
. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES. '
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards— Mala Street.