VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 84.
AGUINALDO GIVES
ORDERS TO BUTCHER
ALL FOREIGNERS
The Kind of Gentle Savage With Which
General Otis Must Deal at
Manila.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21. —The following dispatch was received this afternoon from
General Otis:
MANILA, Feb. 21. —Adjutant General, Washington: The following was issued by
, an important officer of the insurgent government at Malalos on February 15,
1899, for execution during that evening and night in this city. OTIS.
—You will so dispose that at 8 o'clock at night the individuals of the territorial
militia at your order will be #_^^^^<^_^ <* >_^_<8 >_^_<j >_^_<5>_^_# found united in all the streets
of San Pedro, armed with ♦ t their bolas and revolvers, or
guns and ammunition, if con-
"Second — Phillipine
They should not be molested,
whatever race they be, will be
compassion after the extermi-
"Third — defend-
command will attack the
the prisoners and 'presi-
plished this, they will be arm-
" 'Brothers, we must
Americans and exterminate
revenge for the infamy and
committed upon us. Have no
tack with vigor. All Filipinos
Long live Filipinos' indepen-
"Fifth —The order
attack will be as follows: The
Santa Ana will begin the at-
shots will be the signal fdr the
and to
Quiapo Sampaloc go
their duty. Those of Paco, 9-+-4>+&-+-*-+-4>+*>+4~>^-+-* Ermita and Malate. Santa
Cruz and San Miguel will not start out until 12 o'clock unless they see their companions
need assistance. -
"Sixth—The militia of Tondo will start out at 3 o'clock in the morning. If all do their
duty our revenge will be complete. Brothers, Europe contemplates us. We know how to die
as men. shedding bur blood in defense of the liberty of our country.
"Death to the tyrants!
"War without quarter to the false Americans who have deceived us!
"Either independence or death!"
The portion of General Otis' dispatch indicated by dashes the officials were unable to
decipher to-night. There is no "fourth" paragraph in the insurgent statement as furnished to
the press.
MANILA, Feb. 21.— The transport
Newport has arrived from Iloilo,
having on board the president
and other representative natives
of the island of Negros. These
men visited General Miller at Iloilo and
discussed the situation with him. They
then returned to Siloy, the principal
town in the northern part of Negros,
and hoisted the American flag. After
ward they returned to Iloilo in order
to embark for Manila to confer with
General Otis.
This new development will probably
have an important effect on the general
■situation in the islands. Negros is one
of the richest islands in the archipelago
and the principal producer of sugar.
The people of Negros have never sym
pathized with either the Tagal or Vi
sayan insurgents and obviously are de
sirous of settling down to peaceful oc
cupations. It it= hoped other islands
.will follow this example.
.'The American troops there are occu
pying the suburbs of Jaro and Molo,
business has been resumed generally
with the outside w< rid. some rice is
•coming in from the provinces and there
'has been no fighting since February 12.
The heat is causing some inconvenience
; at Manila, but no casualties have been
reported from that cause.
AGONCILLO SAILS
FROM HALIFAX
HALIFAX, N. P., Feb. 21.— From the
fart that thp name of Agoneillo ap
pears at the foot of the list of cabin
pass^ns^r? r>n the steame- Labrador,
which sailed for Liverpool this morn
ing, it fa confidently asserttd that the
chief agent of the Filipinos has left this
country for Europe. As the Irs., class
passengers for this steamer arrived on
a night express and immedia;ely em
barked no one is known to hay estab
lished the identity of the passenger reg
istered as Agoncillo.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— Agoncilo and
his secretary, Marti, left Montreal on
Sunday, announcing that they were
rooming to this city, whence they would
sail on the steamer St. Paul. Marti
W9M seen on the train which left Mont
real at 7 p. m., and was due in this cty
at 7:20 a. m. to-morrow. He took pahs
not to conceal himself at Saratoga, and
as Albany was the last place where h>
was seen it is believed that he remains!
In that city until the next train f<v
Montreal left, and that he returned f»
the Canadian city on it. Meanwhile
both were expected in this city. It is'
thought that Agoncillo sent Marti in
the direction of this city, while he him
self traveled eastward to Halifax.
GENERAL OTIS CABLES
LIST OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The War
Department has received the follow
ng:
MANILA, Feb. 21.— Adjutant General,
Washington: General Miller reports on
:he l&th inst. the insurgent forces a few
The San Francisco Call.
AGUINALDO THE BUTCHER.
ARMS SHIPPED BY
ORDER OF McKINLEY
Filipino Junta at Hongkong Makes
a Strange Charge Against the
Washington Government.
HONGKONG, Feb. 21.— The following statement has been issued by
the Filipino Junta here:
"Information which has leaked through the Pinkertona sent by Pres
ident MoKinley to investigate the shipment of arms to the Filipinos
shows that the first shipment of arms to Aguinaldo was made by order
of the American Government, through Consul Wildman, hence the ship
ment per the Wing Foi. The American Government subsequently tel
egraphed to cease this, coincident with the change of policy to annexa
tion.
"Mr. Wildman and Rear Admiral Dewey promised to pay. but have
not yet paid, for a subsequent expedition by the Abbey, authorized by
Admiral Dewey, who afterward seized the steamer and she is still held.
Papers respecting this are now in the possession of the Secretary of the
Navy.
"The protestations of Admiral Dewey and other Americans that they
have made no promises are ridiculous. In view of these facts, let the
American people judge how the nation's word of honor was pledged to
the Filipinos and confided in by them and violated by the recent treach
ery of General Otis."
miles from Tloiln, believed to be disin
tegrating. He can maintain his position
with bis present force. Business in the
city is being resumed. He has sent up j
four representative men. officials from |
the capital of the island of Negros. where
the American flag has been raised and i
American protection requested against the
small insurgent force In the island. Af
fair? there and in Cebu are encouraging.
We shall endeavor to maintain and im
prove the present promising conditions. !
Affairs here are quiet. The small insur
gent force east of the city has been ;
driven away with a considerable loss to
the enemy.
Additional casualties— First Washing- ;
ton: Wounded, February 19, Company L. '■
Private Carson Ellis, elbow, accidental.
Killed. February 20. Company X, Pri
vate Alton A. Reinhart; Company M,
Private John F. Adams.
First California: Wounded. February]
20, Company L. Privates Arthur Buhl, j
thumb; John W. Parno. arm; Max R. j
Kruz, arm; Thomas C. Haley, thigh.
Casualties near Iloilo, Panay Island,
February 14— Eighteenth Infantry: Killed,
Company A, Corporal S. Grigsby.
Wounded: Company A. Sergeant Rob
r-rt Jennings, thigh; Company J. Corporal j
James H. Saunders, nipple. All wounds
•above slight.
OTIS.
tyiLDWIN WILL DEFY
THE CITY OFFICIALS
IntkicU to Hoof Just One Story of His
\ Burned Hotel in San
\ Francisco.
LOS\ ANGELES, Feb. 21.— "Lucky"
BaldwA made a flying visit to Los Ange
les thistnorning from his ranch at Santa
Anita. Baldwin came down from San
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
vement.
families only will be respected.
Ut al* otner individuals, of
exterminated without any
nation of the army of occupa
ers of the Philippines in your
guard at Bi"bid and liberate
darios.' and, having accom
cc*< sa >' mg to them:
avenge ourselves on the
them, that we may take our
treachery which they have
compassion upon them; at
en masse will second you.
ence''
which will be followed in the
sharpshooters of Tondo and
tack from without, and these
m^ nt 'a °^ Tondo, Binondo,
out into the street and do
A CALIFORNIA
BOY IS KILLED
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— A spe
cial cable to the Sun from Ma
nila says: James F. Cassidy of
Company K. First California In
fantry, was killed by a Filipino
sharpshooter while scouting this
morning.
Francisco on Sunday, but immediately
went to his ranch, and has not been in
the city until to-day.
"I have decided to roof over just one
story of the burned buildings in San
Francisco," said he. "I do not desire U>
put a roof over more than one story, so
I have not asked permission. The work
will begin next week on the Market street
side. I intend to sell the property wher^
the Baldwin Hotel stood just as soon a.»
a favorable offer is made to me. I have
named my price, and it is now being con
sidered by people who may purchase "
NO SOLDIERS EXECUTED.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— 1n reaching
! the decision to recommend a long term of
i imprisonment in the case of a private in
: an Alabama regiment who had killed a
| man in an affray. Judge Advocate Liber '
, has completed a remarkable record, dis
posing of the last of the capital cases
that have come before his department for
review without In any single cage impos- i
■ ing the death penalty. Thus the war has ;
I passed without the execution of a single '
I soldier on account of military crimes,
i This is believed to be without parallel
;in history. There were crimes commit
ted, but they lacked malice or preraedita- i
i tion, and there were no desertions because I
of cowardice or treachery.
WAS FAURE
THE VICTIM
OF POISON?
Question That Is Now
Agitating the Pa
risians.
DOCTORS DENY IT
Symptoms Could Not Have
Been Produced by Any
Known Toxic Agent.
HERE IS A MYSTERY
One More Cause for Disturbance of
the Mercurial People of the
French Metropolis.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1809, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 21.— Some oF
the Paris papers appear
greatly concerned because
a post mortem examination
of the late M. Faure was not
made and let it be supposed
that the death of the Presi
dent must have been due
more or less to mysterious
causes. The rumor has
even been spread that he
was poisoned.
Such a supposition is sim
ply absurd. There is no
poison capable of producing
the symptoms noticed in the
case of M. Faure by persons
who were with him in his
last hours and by the five
doctors who were called in.
What poison could pro
voke an attack of apoplexy
accompanied by alternate
paralysis ? Professional
men will discuss the ques
tion whether the apoplexy
was caused by cerebral
hemorrhage or by coagula
tion of blood in the blood
vessels, and the supporters
of each of these opinions
will without doubt be able
to bring strong arguments in
suDport of each opinion.
The hypothesis of poison
must be relegated to the
realms of fable, because it
has absolutely no founda
tion in fact.
AUSTRIAN COrtRESPONDENT
MUST LEAVE FRANCE
Special Cable to The fall an<l the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 21.— As already cabled,
the correspondent of the Vienna Neve
Freie Presse, Dr. Berthold Frischauer,
has been served with notice of ex
pulsion.
Figaro says it is not because he has
manifested sentiments hostile to
France, but because the Government
intends by this step to hint to foreign
correspondents that in future they will
have to observe the most discreet at
titude in regard to the Dreyfus affair.
Siecle asks "if If. Dupuy really thinks
to improve France's good name abroad
by such action." It declares that •in
timidation of this sort will simply
arouse the indignation of all foreign
papers. The Spanish Government adopt
ed similar measures at the outbreak of
the late war, but it did not change her
defeats into victories, nor keep her
smash up at Cavite from the ears of
the world. Will Dr. Frischauer's ex
pulsion make Dreyfus guilty or Ester
hazy innocent? Will it prove that the
Government desires to have light on
the matter by trying to extinguish it
on the other side of the frontier?"
These comments are signed by M.
Yves Guyot, political director of Siecle.
They are followed by. an interview
with Dr. Frischauer, in which he says:
"The real reason for my expulsion is
an article In Libre Parole in which my
religion and even my physique were
brought in question. The president of
the council was called upon to expel
me and It Dupuy apparently obeyed.
"I have never insulted France, nor
like some French journals, dragged the
President in the mud."
LOUBET'S MESSAGE
TO PARLIAMENT
PARIS, Feb. 21.— General Davouet,
! Duke of Murstaedt, Grand Chancellor
I of the Legion of Honor, to-day invested
President Loubet with the grand cor
don of the Legion of Honor in the pres
ence of all the Cabinet Ministers.
The Ministers met to-day with M.
Continued on Fifth Pag*.
BURNS' EMPTY BOASTS
BECOME MORE APPARENT
EACH SUCCEEDING DAY
Most Desperate Measures Failed to Force
Bulla Into the Caucus Scheme.
While the Weak Have Succumbed to the Wiles of
the Mexican, He Finds Discouragement at the
Hands of the Men of Principle.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— The Bulla men will
never go to Burns. To-day's events
render the situation clear in this re
spect. Mr. Bulla offered to release his
MAY WEAR THE
ELUSIVE TOGA
THOMAS R. BARD, the Latest Richmond
in the Senatorial Lists.
THOMAS R. BARD of Ventura County, the latest Richmond to enter
the Senatorial Held, was in tho city yesterday en route to Sacramento,
whither he has gone in obedience to the summons of his friends. He
is a gentleman of limitless good nature and he apparently possesses
any amount of that diplomatic reserve force that indicates raro latent
ability. When seen at his apartments at the Occidental Mr. Bard said:
"In the strict sense of the wnrcl I am not a politiriari, although T
have been Interested in politics more or less for some years. Of my own
will I am not a candidate for the United States Senate, but I am willing
to defer to the wishes of my friends, who have assured me that T have a
chance. I am now on my way tn Sacramento to meet them for consulta
tion As yet I can hardly speak of my plans, as I do not know what is de
sired of me. I presume that 1 am called to Sacramento to meet those leg
islators with whom I have not the honor of being personally acquainted.
I shall remain there only a short while. This, at least, is my intention at
"I of course, have been informed that the people of Ventura County
favor me as a candidate for the United States Senate and I am also reli
ably informed that there is a sentiment in my favor throughout the
southern part of the State generally. It is with a view of meeting the
southern Senators and Assemblymen and for the purpose of sounding their
wishes that I presume I have been called to Sacramento. I will not
deny that I am willing to become a candidate for the United States Sen
ate but I want to add that T will only do so when it is made clear to me
that the people desire it. as personally I have no desire to thrust myself
before the public.
"I want to commend the course that has been taken by The Call in the
present tight. It has certainly kept its hands off and has declared for no
one as yet Its evident purpose in desiring a clean candidate first and
above all is to be commended by every one who has the true interests of
California at heart."
Hon Thomas R. Bard was born in Chambersburg, Franklin County,
Pa December 8. 1841, the son of Robert M. Bard, an attorney of wide»
practice and acknowledged ability. He is of Scotch-Irish descent. The ad
vent of his ancestors to this country dates back to 1745. They were
among the earliest of Pennsylvania settlers, and took a prominent part in
the struggles of this country for independence.
When the Civil War broke out Mr. Bard was located at Hagerstown,
Md which was on the border between the North and the South and in con
stant danger from rebel raids, and although he had scarcely attained his
majority he enlisted in the Federal army, taking part in the battle of An
tietam and other sharp engagements. His executive ability came before
the observation of Colonel Thomas A. Scott," then Assistant Secretary of
War who took the young man in his command, where he rendered valu
able assistance to the transportation department. In 1865 Colonel Scott in
duced him to come to California to take charge of his large interests in
Ventura and adjoining counties, comprising in all about 277.000 acres of
land. Mr. Bard managed these large estates until Colonel Scott's death,
when he became his administrator, and closed out the property. He was
obliged to give bonds in the sum of $1,500,000. all within the county of Ven
tura but he had no trouble in securing the amount, farmers going on his
bond for all they were worth. Had he defaulted the whole county would
have been bankrupt.
At the present time Mr. Bard is largely interested in the petroleum in
dustry of Southern California, and is one of the chief executives of the
Union Oil Company. He is also president of the Bank of Hueneme and the
Hueneme Wharf Company. He was one of the incorporators of the first
bank of Ventura, and also organized the Simi and Las Posas Land and
Water companies.
followers, but not one elected to seek
Dan Burns or signified any intention to
go to the corral in the future. The
emptiness of the Burns boast is now
apparent. The day that Simpson so
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
I shamefully betrayed his friend Bull*
and violated the solemn pledges mada
to the Los Angeles convention one ol
the leading touts in the Legislatur«
avowed that all of Bulla's men save
one were at heart Burns men and would
ultimately vote for the Colonel. Now
the fact is plain that Burns has not
one man in the Bulla camp.
The touts resorted to desperate meas
ures to force Mr. Bulla to indorse tha
caucus scheme. It was reported to
Herrin that Bulla would be forced into
line. When the ordinary arguments ol
persuasion failed threats were made.
The intimation was thrown out that
Bulla desired to retain his position as
code commissioner, and his friends
were given to understand that reten
tion of the nlace depended upon his
attitude to the caucus scheme. The
threat of removal from office did not
swerve Mr. Bulla from his nurpose to
fight to the finish in the cause of the
people. He resolved to stand for prin
ciple at the cost of surrendering an of
fice worth J4OOO a year.
Burns has gathered in the weak and
faltering. He is beginning to encount
er the men »•* r-haracter and moral
strength in the Legislature, and is
therefore discouraged at the lack of
progress in his scheme to organize a
secret caucus.
Thomas R. Bard of Ventura arrived
here [o-niprht. He went to quarters at
611 X street, which were reserved for
him by Assemblyman Greenwell. In
response to a message wired to Mr.
Bard at San Francisco by Senator
Rowel!, the favorite son of Ventura
came to the capital. He was welcomed
at the depot by Mr. Greenwell and es
corted to the reserved rooms. Mr. Bard
in speaking of his visit, said to The Call
that he was not a candidate in the com
monly accepted meaning. He came
here at the suggestion of his friends to
look over the flpld and study the sit
uation. After consultation with them
he would decide as to his future course
in the premises. Shortly after 10
o'clock General Barnes called and paid
his respects to his old-time friend from
Ventura. The meeting was extremely
cordial. Mr. Bard has a slight ac
quaintance with U. S. Grant, but is not
acquainted with R. N. Bulla and Colo
nel Burns. As he expressed it. he has
not had the pleasure of meeting either.
Assemblyman Henry W. Brown, who
had been voting for Charles N. Felton
since the beginning of the Senatorial
contest, to-day joined the Barnes
forces and cast his first vote for the
general. A round of applause greeted
the change. If Mr. Brown had given
in advance notice of his intention to
join the cause of General Barnes there
would have been a great demonstration
in the joint convention, but the Assem
blyman's distaste for anything like an
ovation constrained him to keeD his
own counsel and thus avoid a display
of popular approval. Immediately af
ter the adjournment of the joint As
sembly he was surrounded by mem
bers of the Legislature, who extended
their congratulations.
All day long General Barnes has been
receiving the most gratifying assur
ances of coming support. Among the
messages received by wire was the fol
lowing from ex-United States Senator
A. P. Williams:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. Feb. 21, 1599.
General V.\ H. L. Barnes, Golden Eaglo
Hotel. Sacramento, Cal.: Your splendid
services rendered the Republican party
for many years deserve recognition. I
hope and believe that you will be elected
Senator. A. P. WILLIAMS.
There was another change to-day in
the joint convention which was not re
garded as significant by the average
spectator, but to those who are familiar
with the undercurrent of affairs here
and understand what is going on be
hind the scenes the change signifies
something of importance to be devel
oped later on. The incident referred to
is the vote cast for John Rosenfeld by
Assemblyman M. Brooke of Sacra
mento, representing the Twenty-second
Assembly District. Mr. Brooke is a
Democrat or Populist, and at the be
ginning of the session was threatened
by a contest for his seat, the contem
plated contestant being William John
ston. A promise was made to Brooke
by parties representing the Southern
Pacific Company that if he would get
into line for Dan Burns for Senator the
contest would be withdrawn, but if he
did not so line up he would be unseated.
The Call promptly exposed the scheme
to corral a Burns vote in this fashion
and subsequently the contest was with
drawn. About the same time The Call
sounded a note of warning that Demo
cratic votes for Dan Burns were being
staked out under the cover of Rosen
feld. and that when Sam Rainey gave
the signal the men voting for Rosenfeld
would change to Colonel Burns. The
cunning play will bear close watching.
The touts continue to work on the
caucus scheme, but are making no
progress. Efforts now are mainly di
rected to securing indorsements of the
scheme from county committees. The
resolutions are prepared in Dan Burns*2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
SAN MATEO AUGMENTS BARNES' FORCE.
ASSEMBLYMAN HENRY WARD BROWN,
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 21.— Assemblyman
Brown of San Mateo County deserted Charles N. Felton at the joint bal
lot this noon and cast his vote for General W. H. L. Barnes.
Ever since the session opened Mr. Brown has cast his vote per
sistently for Mr. Felton, notwithstanding that every other candidate in
the fight has paid him court of the warmest kind.
His vote has been claimed for weeks by the Barnes people and to
day he has made their claim good.
There was no other change, nor was there any indication of the
break that has been boasted. Except for the change of Brown the bal
lot was absolutely without incident.
It resulted as follows:
B ARK ES 12
ESTEB 1
BULLA n
BURNS 25
GRANT 2o
SCOTT *
BARD - 3
WHITE (D.) 25
ROSENFELD (D.) 3
PHELAN (D.) 3
ALFORD (D.) 1
KINNEY (D.) 1
' corral and sent by.confidential messen-i !
' gers. to the various counties. The great- 1 j
;j 'est Secrecy is maintained to "withhold
the proceedings from the knowledge of : i
the people. The methods adopted are j
•so unfair and -unprincipled that the ac- |
tion of pliable committees ha 8 no weight I
with members of the Legislature.
It was expected early in the evening
'that the Barnes forces would hold a
free conference to-night, but owing to
the lateness of the legislative session
- the supporters of the general did not
' come together.
' Washington's birthday to-morrow
1 ' will -not be observed by a cessation of
'' work in the Legislature. The Senate
'•and Assembly will meet as usual and
•' go ahead with the work on the files.
There are no indications to-night of
changes on the joint ballot for Senator
*• to-morrow. There were rumors this
" -afternoon that several of the Bulla fol
■ Mowers and some of Grant's support
• ers would vote to-morrow for Thomas
■' "R. Bard, but this event is likely to be
' postponed for several days. Mr. Bard
remarked to a friend to-night that he
■•• .did not come here to prolong the con
; • test. ,
: ■•'. The situation is unchanged in this
• .respect. It is acknowledged by the
.' touts themselves that Burns cannot win
-• without a caucus, and it is not a cer
• tainty that a caucus would give him
•'■■■ the Senatorship. Should the Legisla
"• ture adjourn without having elected a
Senator to succeed Stephen M. White
: ' the act would be accepted as notice
=. "'served on the "machine" and the rail
• road that the Republican party was
willing to submit the question of the
• :' Senatorship to the people. v'W;{ ; ;
STILL TINKERING WITH
RULES OF THE SENATE
: CALL -HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— expenses of the
Dennety-Ashe Senatorial contest fared
. badly- before the Committee on Elections,
' Which has been considering the matter.
•The original bill was for $6,233 40, but this
• was panned down first to something 1 near
12700, and' now to $1942 90. The sten-
o graphers have felt the heaviest cut. and
. the attorneys have been reduced from the'
" $300 asked for .to. the $300 ' allowed by the
. rules of the Senate. This includes fees of
• all counsel on -each side, or a total of
; ■$600.: The repdrt was adopted.
... The Committee on Attaches and Mileage
submitted a report recommending the
"payment to C. S. McMullan the salary of
assistant minute clerk from February 4
.' to .February IS. This was allowed after
' '..some opposition from Smith, who said it
.was' a bill to pay an employe who had
, -'hot been regularly employed.
. ■■• 'With a desire to expedite the business
•/cf-the Senate the Committee on Rules
/•submitted a report providing that no Sen
: ator may- speak on the same question
.■more than once, ami then for' not more
• than ten minutes, except with the unani
.■"-mous consent of the Senate, provided,
■■ however, that the author of any bill or
■ amendment under discussion may open
and close the debate, and that he shall
•have twenty minutes ;of time on the
floor. - ( . ■ • .
..• Dickinson expressed a feeling of,weari
ness over these constant changes in the
•rules, and Smith rose to object to the
;. .curtailing of discussion. The report was
• passed.
. Nor was this all on the matter of rules.
Stratton submitted an amendment to the
report of the Committee on Rules relating
to. 'the consideration of the Hies, which
provided for the recognition of the sadly
neglected third reading file. The third
"reading file has been- left unnoticed for
the past ten days, and the report of ; the
Committee on Rules providing for the
consideration of the urgency file -at all
.possible times placed the unfortunate
third reading file still farther away from
action Senator I Stratton's amendment
was a measure of relief for the plethoric
bunch of bills awaiting, third reading, but
it was laid on the table. Under the reso
lution forming an urgency file bills from
the second reading file have been placed
on the urgency file, read the second and
third time, passed and sent 'over to the
Assembly, while. third reading bills still
wait. Senator Stratum will try again ; to-
Benator Leavitt then submitted a reso- I
lution providing for the consideration of
the urgency file until it had been ex
busted, and then to provide for a new '
one. The resolution was referred to the
Committee on Rules.
Sauford's Assembly bill 85 came up for
Second reading, dragging with It the
weight of an adverse report of the Judi
ciary Committee ,to which it had been re
f. [red. It was a hill to abolish blacklists,
ami providing a heavy penalty for the
maintaining of one. Senator Cutler moved
that the bill be denied a second reading,
and his motion was carried.
Assemblyman O'Brien f s Assembly joint
resolution 12 v.-as passed on file. It pro
trlded for a request to the Federal Gov
ernment that it make a Government ex
hibit at the Pacific Exposition, and that
it make some appropriation for the as
-1 distance of the enterprise. As the bill
providing for a State appropriation, in
troduced in the Senate by Senator Wolfe,
lias not yet come up for consideration, the
resolution wil passed on file until the
other bills have been considered.
During the morning session of the Sen
ate, after the city papers had been re
ceived. Senator Simpson rose to a ques
tion of personal privilege to answer an
article which appeared in this morning's
Call. He referred to that paragraph of
the article on the front page w'hlch told
of the letters published in the Record-
Union and purporting to have come from
John S. Cox or Pasadena and Frank Do
minguez. In his question of privilege
Senator Simpson said:
"What I desire to say. Mr. President, is
this: That the Hon. John S. Cox, whose
letter I have seen fit to give to the Rec
ord-Union of Sacramento and other repu
table papers, which I knew would not
garble and distort the statements made
therein, was born in the State of Ohio,
in these United States, under the Ameri
can flag, and no man has ever stood more
firmly by the Republican party than John
S. Cox. an ex-Mayor of the city of Pasa
dena. No person has had more Inherent
right to vote in the general elections of
the county of Los Angeles and the State
o.f California, and no person's voice has
had more weight than that of John S
Cox.
"Now, in reference to Frank Domin
guez. he is a man who, while having been
the friend of Senator Bulla all through
the last campaign, has seen fit to make a
statement to me that his belief was that
Daniel M. Burns was the logical candi
date for United States Senator and ought
to be elected, and has written to me
which letter I cad produce, to show that
I have carried out the instructions and
the real intentions of those to whom I
refer In my remarks upon the question of
privilege. I cannot help but feel that I
have been misquoted and in the heat of
the moment I pronounce the person that
wrote the article In The Call, a miserable,
low-down, dirty calumniating sheet as an
infernal damn Har. I have served the peo
ple of the State of California for eight
years. I never in my life took a dishonest
dollar; I have never In my life done a
thing I believed was dishonest; I have
come here at the sacrifice of my business,
and it does seem strange to me that a
person who has done as much for as lit
tle remuneration should not at least have
accredited to him honest motives. While
I am aware that I am under bans to-day
from those who believe that a man has
no rights except those that are instructed
to him, I cannot help but feel that a man
who le intrusted with discretion should
be once in a while allowed to use that dis
cretion which the people have entrust' d. I
have read many newspaper accounts upon
my «'ourse in this Senatorial election 'and
while it grieves me to think that some
of my people attribute dishonest motives
to me, I cannot help but stand up and
say «»hat I have done that which I be
lieve to be not only for the best interests
of the Republican party of the State of
California, but of the people of the whole
State."
A petition from the residents of the
southern portion of Monterey County set
ting forth the destitute condition of a
great number of the residents there and
asking aid for 4000 of them was presented
to the Senate this afternoon. The peti
tion says there are 2000 families averag
ing four people to a family and half of
these are in need of immediate assist
ance. The petition asks that $20 apiece
or $80,000 be appropriated for their relief
There is .a promise that it will be paid
back.
It was expected that the Senate would
r< si over Washington's birthday, but
there was no such luck. Senator Strat
ton submitted a resolution declaring . L
the purpose of the Senate to hold a ses
sion to-morrow, and the resolution was
adopted. The pages were given a night
■■off, however, to allow them to attend tne
"pages' banquet." for which they have
been preparing for weeks.
Quick Work by Johnsen.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 21,— Grove 1,. Johnson ac
complished the quickest -bit of legislation
of the session in passing Assembly biil
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
940 through itß second reading, commit
tee of the whQle, third reading and final
passage, all within ten minutes. "Assem
bly bill 940 was introduced yesterday by
Johnson and was considered by commit
tee last night. It appropriates $15,000 for
the building of a sewerage system-at Fol
som Prison and is designed to take the
place of Assembly bill 2, vetoed on Sat
urday by the Governor. To-day Johnson
moved a suspension of the constitution,
and the bill was sent through the whole
legislative course without delay.
BILLS PASSED BY THE
SENATE YESTERDAY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— The Senate to-day
adopted Mark's Assembly joint resolution
relative to the setting over and establish
ing granite posts to mark a true bound
ary line between California and Nevada.
During the day the Senate passed Senate
bills 326 and 446. The first of these, in
troduced by Stratton, amends the title to
an act entitled "An act to provide for the
payment of interest on the outstanding
bonds of the State of California, hsld in
trust for the university fund and the
State school fund; to repeal an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, ap
proved March 4, 1881, entitled 'An act to
appropriate money to reimburse the Uni
versity of California, for money hereto
fore appropriated to the •endowment fund
thereof, which moneys have, by mistake
been withheld therefrom and appropriat
ed to' other State purposes,' and making
an appropriation to pay the intercut on
said outstanding bonds from January 1 t ■
July 1, 1893," approved March 3, 1 sf*3 - to
amend section 4 of the same act, and to
appropriate the sum of $16,747 50 now in
the university" fund and unavailable.
Senate bill 446 was introduced by Jones,
and provides for a syßtem of drainage for
agricultural swamp and overflowed lands.
The Senate this evening passed Senate
bill 229, introduced by Prisk. providing for
the disposal of money raised by cities or
towns for public improvement after the
same had been completed and paid for.
Senate bill 252, introduced by Maggard,
was also passed. This measure is an art
to repeal an act entitled "An act author
izing the Controller to appoint an addi
tional clerk in his office, 'in addition to
the number now allowed by law, to be
known as the Revenue Clerk, and making
an appropriation for the payment of hid
salary for the remainder of the forty
sixth fiscal year"; to create the office
SENATOR SIMPSON RISES TO A QUESTION OF PERSONAL PRIVILEGE.
of expert to the Controller, and prescrib
ing his compensation.
NAPA ASYLUM
WANTS TOO MUCH
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— A bill for the appropri
ation of $155,000 for a dam and reservoir
for the Napa Insane Asylum was hit
with an ax by the Senate this afternoon
and it fell but little short of annihila
tion. The Committee on Finance and
Claims had a first chance at it and cut
the figure to $75,000. When the bill came
before the Senate Senator Rowell had
another amendment to offer. He had been
on the last junket to Napa, and as was
remarked afterward by Senator Bulla, it
was one junket that had brought some
results Senator Rowell swanted to cut
the appropriation to $30,000. His idea and
that of the other members of the commit
tee was that it was only necessary to
purchase the materials and tools required
for the work and let the actual labor be
performed by the capable Inmates of the
Institution.
Senator Smith was in favor of either
allowing the asylum a sufficient sum or
so place the matter that the report of
experts could be secured upon the prob
able cost of the work. La Rue, who in
troduced the bill, declared he would
sooner see the bill defeated than have the
appropriation so materially shortened.
On a vote Rowell's amendment was lost.
The bill was then laid over to be further
amended to provide more safeguards for
the appropriation and then the bill will
come up as amended by the committee to
appropriate $75,000.
The End Not in Sight.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— This session of ISO 9is
evidently not going to come to so sudden
an end as has been anticipated. It was
advertised on the floor yesterday that the
general appropriation bill would be in
hand to-dfiy, but it has not come, and
from all one -can hear on the floor it is
not likely to for a couple of days to come.
Wise ones in the House say it will he
the 18th or 20th of the coming month bo
fore the files and other work that is daily
stacking up can be got out of the way.
AN ERROR OF AN
INITIAL CAUSES
MUCH TRIBULATION
Senator Simpson Waxes Wroth
and Uses Bad Language Over
a Mistake of The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— "Damned infernal
liar," is what Simpson said on a ques
tion of privilege in the Senate to-day,
referring to the author of the state
ment published in The Call that John
S. Cox was 1 a "bloomin" Britisher."
« Cox commended Simpson's conduct In
changing his vote from Bulla to Burns.
The Record-Union of Sacramento, in
an effort to brace up poor old Simpson,
published an extract from Cox's letter
to the Senator. A prominent citizen of
Los Angeles County, observing the
newspaper comment, informed The Call
that Cox was not a naturalized citizen
ariti that his home was not in Pasadena,
but in Los Angeles. Now it happens
that Los Angeles County covers con
siderable territory and embraces a large
population. It also happens that the
Cox family is quite numerous and act
ive in that region. of the State and that
the members have quite a liking for
real estate and insurance business.
The particular Cox which the inform
ant of The Call had in mind was John
H. Cox, a real estate dealer in Lob
Angeles, who extends his operations to
Pasadena. It was recollected that he
opposed Hawaiian annexation and gave
as a reason that he was an Englishman.
The Call wired to Los Angeles to as
certain what Mr. Cox had said in a pub
lished interview. The reply came as
follows:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 21, 1599.
In Record, January 20, 1898 (not in the
Express), thus: John H. Cox— l am an i
Englishman and want England to get the
islands. I do not think the United States
can govern its own country and am
against annexation.
Inquiry was made by -wire to ascer
tain the residence of the particular Cox
that commended Simpson, and the fol
lowing message from Pasadena was re
ceived:
PASADENA. Feb. 21. 1899.
Yes, John S. Cox, a real estate agent,
resides here.
Investigation therefore establishes
the fact that John S. Cox lives in Pasa
dena, and It Is presumed that he wrote
the letter commending Senator Simp
son. However, The Call hastens to
apologize to the "bloomin* Britisher"
who bears the name of John H. Cox.
It is clear that John H. Cox, the man
referred to in The Call of yesterday,
did not write the letter of commenda
tion to Senator Simpson and the latter
which he did receive was from John
S. Cox of Pasadena. So much for the
Cox family.
In regard to Dominguez, The Call r<>.
iterates the assertion that he has, since
the opening of the Legislature, written
letters to Senator Bulla wherein loy
alty to the Senator's cause is pledged.
Simpson in his imbecile rage may roar
and use language that ought not to be
tolerated in the Senate, yet the fact re
mains, and is capable of proof, that
Dnminguez a few days ago was a Bulla
man. His letters to that effect can be
produced, if proof be challenged.
COMMITTEE WORK
WAS RATIFIED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— The Committee on Hos
pitals, which has recently been engaged
in burning up mileage money in a junket
through the State, came back with some
unkind things to say of the hospital for
the insane at Ukiah. The report ren
dered to the Assembly recites at length
the. story of the merry row that has been
going on betwee.n the Board of Man
agers and the Superintendent of that in
stitution. It says there is a lack of co
operation in the conduct of the asylum
and that as a result the inmates are neg
lected. Concerning the Home for the
Feeble Mtndedat Eldridge, the committee
was high in its praise and recommended
the passage of enactments looking to the
betterment of the establishment.
The Judiciary Committee reported fa
vorably upon Caminetti's proposed con
stitutional amendment exempting all land
and improvements thereon from taxation
for State purposes. Mr. Caminetti Pays
the exemption he proposes is already oper
ating in the State of Pennsylvania and
that that State has grown wealthier since
the plan was inaugurated.
Radcliff's constitutional amendment No.
4, which is designed to abolish the Rail
road Commission, was reported favorably
by the committee, but amended so that it
■will not become operative until January
1, 1902.
The Committee on Health and Quaran
tine, which spent Sunday visiting the
garbage crematory at San Francisco, put
in an expense bill of $144, and the Com
mittee on State Prisons, which went to
San Quentln, rendered an account of $96.
Both were ordered paid.
Governor Gage' 3 veto messages on- bills
2 and 243 came up under the. head of un
finished business and in each case the
Executive's disapproval was sustained.
Senator Braunhart's "seawall bill" came
up on the Senate special file and was im
mediately attacked by Caminetti, who of
fered an amendment which provided that
as rapidly as the seawall is builded the
belt line railroad shall be laid down. His
amendment was adopted and the bill was
sent back to the printer.
Assembly bill 691, which permits the sale ■
of prison-crushed rock to contractors for
use on city streets, was passed after a
flght made against it by Hoey of San
Francisco. Hoey offered an amendement
providing that all rock should be sold at
a minimum cost of 40 cents per ton on the
prison grounds. His amendment was
voted down and the bill passed. Speaker
Anderson's bill, which was designed to
accomplish a contrary proposition, was
withdrawn from the tile.
Muenter's Assembly bill 206. relating to
the filing of the statements of assets and
liab'lities by banking corporations, was
passed in spite of the hard fight made
by Le Barron of Sonoma.
Atherton's Assembly bill 128, appropriat
ing $75,000 for the erection of a hospital
for insane convicts, was passed, as were
the following:
Kenneally's Assembly bill 617, appropri
ating $75,000 for the boring of a well in the
Capitol grounds; Rickard's Assembly bill
322, relating to elections; Dibble's Assem
bly bill 349, relating to crimes against the
elective frapchlse; Assembly bill 353, en
titled an act to amend and act to appropri
ate money 'for the support of aged per
sons In Indigent circumstances residing
in the home of the Veterans' Home Asso
ciation.
Notwithstanding that to-morrow is
Washington's birthday the wheels of leg
islation will go grinding right along; ses
sions will be held at the usual hours and
the joint ballot will be as usual one of the
features of the day. ...
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
STANDS BY TEACHERS
The Board of Directors of the Mer
chants' Association held a special meet
ing: yesterday afternoon to consider As
sembly bill No. 639, tfne clause of which
will, if passed, seriously affect the tenure
of office of teachers of the San Francisco
School Department. The board decided
to make a vigorous objection to the pass
age of the Mil.
The objectionable clause is as follows:
"Provided that on or before the 20th day
of June of any year the Board of School
Trustees or City Board of Education shall
meet, and by ballot select teachers for
the ensuing year."
The following telegram was sent by the
merchants to the Assembly Committee on
Education, at Sacramento: "Board of Di
rectors of Merchants' Association in
meeting to-day unanimously objects to
provision in sub-division sixth, page 15,
Assembly bill No. 639, affecting present
tenure of office of teachers in San Fran
cisco School Department, arid respectfully
requests that it be eliminated from the
bill. MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION."
"Big Bill" Didn't Make It.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 21.— The question of at
taches kicked up another little row in
the Assembly this afternoon. "Big Bill"
McDonald of Alamedg. offered a resolu
tion to pay a committee clerk he had
hired himself the sum of $100 for services
rendered since January 7. Mr. McDon
ald explained that as chairman of thr-
Clnims Committee he was sadly in. ne^d
of & clerk to get his bills in shape. Mr.
Melick recalled the fact that until Janu
ary 10 no bills were offered and said there
SOUGHT TO BRIBE MORRIS BROOKE
CHARLES N. POST.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 21.— 1n its Issue of Jan
uary 6. 1899, The Call published an expose of the disgraceful attempt that
was then being' made by Dan Burns and the Southern Pacilic Company to
bribe Morris Brooke, Democratic member of the Assembly from Sacramento
County, to vote for Burns for United States Senator.
At that time the name of the man who conducted the negotiations on the
part of Burns and the railroad company was not given .because it was not
known by the representatives of this paper. The Call is now in possession
of the name of the man who made the offer to Brooke. His name is Charles
N. Post.
At that time Post was a public office holder in tho pay of the State, he
being Assistant Attorney General under Attorney General Fitzgerald. He
now holds the same position under Attorney General Ford. While draw
ing pay from the State, Post was interesting himself In promoting Burns'
Senatorial candidacy to such an extent thai he sought by threats, intimi
dation and the offer of a bribe to debauch a young man and cause him to
bolt his party, betray his constituents, deny hid sworn duty and violate the
dictates of his own conscience. His attempt to do so failed of success be
cause The Call exposed the details of the Infamous plot before it could be
consummated.
Not being known as the man who had carried out the orders of Burns
and the railroad company in the attempt to bribe Assemblyman Brooke, Poat
was not robbed of his usefulness as confidential agent of the Mexican. He
has since been one of the most active workers in the Burns corral, and
the fact that he continues in his employment as a Senatorial boomer may
be taken as proof positive that he is looked upon by his master as a valua
ble factor in the' most disgraceful Senatorial campaign that has ever put
a blot on the fair fame of the State. #
Assemblyman Brooke's opponent at the last election was William John
ston. Brooke was elected by a majority of sixty-one votes. Shortly after
the result of the election was announced proceedings to contest Brooke's
election were instituted in the Justice's Court of Sacramento. For a time
the matter rested. The men who planned the contest on behalf of Mr.
Johnston were evidently waiting to receive overtures from the Assembly
man-elect. As this did not happen, an emissary of Burns and the railroad
company visited Mr. Brooke and made this offer:
"If you will agTee to vote for a certain man for United States Senator
whose candidacy has riot yet been announced we will see that the contest by
William Johnston for'your seat will be abandoned."
Mr. BTOoke refused to bind flimseif to any such agreement. Brooke be
lieved that this WouM end the matter, but he was doomed to disappoint
ment; for it was at this stage of the proceedings that Post appeared on the
scene as the accredited agent of Burns and the railroad company. He made
an appointment with the Assemblyman-elect and then offered him a bribe,
which was in substance as follows: "If you will agree to vote for Dan Burns
for United States Senator Johnston's contest will be dismissed and you will
be able to retain your seat in the Assembly. If you dc> not consent to this
proposition, you will be unseated, as Burns controls the Assembly and can
unseat you by holding up his finger. If you vote for Burns and stay with
him to the finish you can have a place in the County Clerk's office after the
adjournment of the Legislature and you can hold this place and receive a
good salary every month for four years."
Post then related to Mr. Brooke that William Hamilton. County Clerk of
Sacramento County, in return for railroad support in his election, had prom
ised to give J. B. Wright, superintendent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at Sacramento, one appointment in the County Clerks office. It was this po
sition that was at Mr. Brooke's disposal if he would consent to vote for
Burns for United States Senator.
This in brief is a history of the disgraceful scheme to bribe a legislator.
The readers of The Call are familiar with the full details as they were pub
lished in these columns at the time the scheme was exposed. As a result of
the exposure the contest for Brooke's seat in the Assembly was summarily
dropped and he was allowed to take the place to which he was elected and
vote according to the dictates of his conscience.
The man who made these proposals to Assemblyman Brooke was Charles
N. Post. He then was and still is an officeholder of the State. He wa3 then
and is still a worker in the camp of Dan Burns.
At the time the Assembly investigating committee was engaged in the
task of investigating the charges made by The Call against Howard E.
Wright and others representatives of this paper sought to have the commit
tee take up the matter of the attempt that was made to bribe Assembly
man Brooke. For some unknown reason the committee ignored the request,
and the men who- were instrumental in tne scheme of bribery arc still unpun
ished. The investigating committee is Btlll in existence. Honest men may
believe that it has a duty to perform that the members of the committee as
honest legislators cannot shirk and continue to retain the respect of the peo
ple of the State.'
was of' a consequence no pressing need
for a clerk on the 7th, three days before.
Others In the House took the question up
anfl "Big Bill's" resolution finally went
over as unfinished business.
SAN PEDRO HARBOR
BILL NOT TO PASS
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— The Committee on
Commerce and Navigation pot back
from San Pedro yesterday, after hav
ing spent $503 in mileage, and rendered
the following report:
The' committee having visited San Pedro
under the authority granted by a resolu
tion of February 15, for the purpose of
examining into matters contained in As
sembly bill 698, relating to the establish
ment of a Board of State Harbor Commis
sioners for the port of Wilmington and
the bay of San Pedro, report as follows:
That there was found to exist a division
of sentiment among the residents and
property owners as to the advisability of
placing the harbor under the control of a
State board: that there appeared before
your committee a delegation of citizens
favoring the bill and a delegation opposed j
to the same, and after a careful investi
gation, all poirtts involved being consid
ered your committee respectfully report
Assembly bill b9B back and recommend
that it do not pass.
Payment of Coyote Bounties.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, • Feb. 21.— The bill for the pay
ment of coyote bounties, introduced ny
Senator Laird, came up on the urgency
•Ale of- the Senate this evening.and after
the -substitute- had been adopted it was
laid- over for third reading..- . • ,w i
The "substitute bill provides for the sub
mission • of coyote bounty claims within
twelve months from the passage of the
act to any court of competent Jurisdic
tion •. there to be prosecuted to a final
judgment under the rules in civil coses ,
It is made the duty of the Attorney Genf
eral to defend' all such suits; and .iff
further provider! that upon his wntt<*
• demand -made at or before the time £
answering th« place of the ; trial must •>*
changed to Sacramento County. It is p*o
provided that all costs of suit Bhall'oe
paid by the plaintiff, and in case .a j*>«
ment is found it ■ shall include only
amount found actually due the ;plajnlff .
without- interest, -nor shall the jud^ent
bear interest after it has been rendered.
An appropriation of $287,615 la primed
for.'the amount being based -on the«'aim3
already in, and. it* i* expressly- sr« forth
that in no case. shall more: than «e,-hair
of any judgment be paid in anVYjo fiscal
year. ,-■:■■• : - > ;'^>- f*~ :i : ■ - *
ADVEBTISEMENTSw
"Honesty is the
Best Policy."
clever was a more pointed
saying put into print and
yet to be honest only be-
cause it is policy is a poor
kind of honesty. Better
change " policy " to "prin-
ciple" and the world will
like you better. In the medi-
cal "world there is one medi-
cine honest for principle's
sake — Hood's Sarsaparilla.
It is the specific of the age for all
I blood troubles. The liver, kidneys and
I bofels are all toned up by Its action as
a oeanser and thus good health ensues.
It never disappoints.
; Bad Blood— "Although past TO years of
»gr lam thoroughly well. Tt was three
bo ties of Hood's Sarsaparilla that made
m< bo after spending over $60 in medical
attendance. My trouble was a raw sore
r>i my ankle." Mrs. LOUISA MASON
court street, Lowell, Mass.
Nausea —"Vomiting spHie, dizziness
and prostration troubled me for years.
Had neuralgia, grew weak and could not
sleep. My age was against me, but Hood's
Sarsaparilla cured me thoroughly. My
weight increased from 125 to 143 pounds. "I
am the mother of nine children. Never
felt so well and strong since I was mar-
ried as I do now." Mrs. MA. WATERS,
3320 P. St., N. \V., Washington, D. C.
Hood's Pill!< cur<> liver IMb; the non-lrrltating
and only cathartic to take with Hood'a Sars»-
parllla.BURNS HAS NO SHOW
IN THE BULLA CAMP
Followers of the Senator Would Not Let Him
Withdraw.
; ME HAVE LIKING FOR THE MEXICAN
Informal Caucus Reveals the Fact That When a Break
Comes the Los Angeles Candidate's Supporters Will l
... . Avoid the Candelarian Corral.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— Senator Bulla has
offered to release those legislators who
have been voting for him for United
States Senator from any obligations,
expressed or implied, that have here
tofore actuated them in choosing him
as their leader. In reply to this his
followers have told him that for the
present at least they prefer to march
under his standard and will therefore
continue to vote for him for the balance
of the present week at least.
Senator Bulla's offer was made this
morning at a caucus of his forces held
at the State Capitol. It was called at
his request and for the purpose of al
lowing him an opportunity to thank the
men who have stayed with him so loy
ally and to tell them of his determina
• tion to release them.
After greetings had been exchanged
Senator Bulla claimed the attention of
those present and stated that it was
his intention to announce on the Boor
of the joint assembly that those Sena
tors and Assemblymen who had been
. honoring him with their votes need feel
■ under no obligations to do so any
longer as he publicly released them
from their allegiance. He intended to
do this, he said, because he was anxious
to break the deadlock and see a United
States Senator elected. He had been
told that his candidacy was in a meas
ure preventing such an event, and while
he did not subscribe to that view of the
case he was too good a Republican to
te after he had been told that he
was standing in the way of the ad
vancement of the best interests of the
ty.
Still another reason for his proposed
□ was. he said, that Dan Burns
and his supporters were claiming that
ye men in the Bulla
camp. If this were so, he said, he
wished to step aside and give such of
his followers who wanted to vote for
Bums an opportunity to do so.
There was e%"idently a good measure j
of sarcasm in what the Senator had i
to say under the head of "Burns sup
porters." as every one knows, and he
perhaps best of all. that if Bulla's tot
~ tvere to be scattered to-morrow i
Burns would not get to exceed one of J
them in spite of the fact that his touts j
have been hard at work for two months j
on the men who have consistently voted
-for Bulla from the first ballot.
After Senator Bulla had fully ex
plained his position to his followers
they, without exception, declared their
unwillingness to ailow him to with
draw his candidacy or to publicly re
lease the legislators who are voting for
him. Senator Taylor pointed out that
such a declaration on the floor of the
Joint Assembly might be misconstrued
and taken as a cheap method of gain
ing notoriety and a reputation for do
litical generosity. He thought, as did !
the others, that those who were voting
for Bulla should discuss among them
eelves their views as to a second choice '
candidate with the object in view of j
going to. him in a body in the event
they should consider at some future
time that Bulla had no chance of elec
tion. For the present all agreed to
continue to vote for Bulla and
he was finally persuaded to forego his
intention of making a public declara
tion.
During the informal discussion that
followed this decision a majority of
those present expressed their choice in
the matter of Senatorial candidates
•who are at present before the Legisla
ture. Assemblyman Miller of Los An
geles was the only one who claimed any
. candidate as his second choice for Sen
ator. He said that he wished to vote
for Grant if he ever left Bulla, but that
he would never desert Bulla unless the
balance of his supporters went at the
■ame time. Others present expressed a
■willingness to vote for this candidate
or that, in order to break the deadlock,
provided the other Bulla men agreed
te for such candidate in a body.
Assemblymen Valentine, Conrey and
iared their desire to vote for
a Southern California man, and said
they would not be adverse to any prop
osition to go t> Thomas R. Bard of
Ventura. Assemblyman Laßaree, who
voted during the first part of the
■session for Van R- Paterson, said that
if he left Bulla he prefer to re
turn to Paterson. Assemblyman Cos
p«r also said that Paterson would be
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical ' Institute Diseovtrs a ■
Remarkable Remedy lor Lost
.' ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
. irree samples of a most remirkable.
remedy are being distributed by tht state
• Sssilral Institute. Fort Wayne. loi. It;
SiS 'so many men who had battHd for ;
' ?iiV* against the mental and phjsical i
JuffSins fot lost manhood that the hsti- I
• ■ tufe nai decided to distribute free rial ;
Ukases to all who write. It is a to m
' ?r-atment and all men who suffer V«tth
"1 v to rm of sexual weakness, resulting
?rom youthful folly, premature loss o?
ffrincth and memory, weak back, varico-
•■ell or emaciation of parts can now cur,
tb rem^dy b ha s -a peculiar* grated
~J~t of warmth and seems to act direct
• £?\he de^fred location giving strength
" Ir-d development just where it is needed
ft curls all the ills and troubles that come'
• : from years of misuse of the natural func-
irom and has been an absolute success
" i tlO afi cases A request to the State Mcd-
• • 15,f Iratitute 133 First National Bank
ifui dire Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
• vru deltre one of their free trial pack-
Sees VU be compiled with. The institute
' f g desTronS of reaching that great class
' iff m*n who are unable to leave home to
' ■ be Treated and tne free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
" urooer remedies are ' employed. The ln-
-1 Btitute makes no restrictions. Any man
•who writes will be sent a free sample.
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
. embarrassment or publicity. Reader* are
*w*«t«d to writ* without delay.
acceptable to the people of his district,
and that he would be willing to vote
for him provided all of Bulla's strength
could be mustered in the interest of Pat
erson. Assemblyman Belr'.aw thought
that some new candidate s lould be put
in the field and if this were done he
thought no better man could be found
than Frank L. Coombs of Napa. As
semblyman Robinson was favorable to
the candidacy of General W. H. L.
Barnes and said he believed that all
should agree to vote for him when the>
left Bulla, if they ever did.
It is remarkable that not one or
Bulla's men expressed a desire to vot«
for Burns, either singly or as one of &
body.
Senator Bulla feels highly compli
mented because of the attitude toward
him assumed by his followers to-da>.
They in turn express continued confi
dence in their leader and will continue
to vote for him during the present week
at least.
A CINCH GAME
ON PLACERVILLE
An Effort Made to Collect an
Old and Unjust Debt on
Railroad Bonds.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 21.— cleanest cut cinch
game that has sought the legalizing en
actment of the present Legislature has
been unearthed in Senate bill 648, and the
people of the city of Placervllle are up in
arms to defend themselves against the
onslaught that is threatened on their
treasury by a clique of grafters that has
for years been seeking to make profit out
of the financial misfortune of historic old
"Hangtown."
Senate bill 648. if it be passed, will open
the door of the city treasury to a cold
steal of $240,000, a bagatelle In some quar
ters, but a large enough amount to set
Placerville so far back In her finances
that the ultimate result of the shock can
not be foreseen.
Placerville'a troubles have started as
have the woes of many of the prosperous
mining towns of the mountains — at the
hands of the beneficent railroad. Back in
the early sixties the people of old El Do
rado wanted a railroad and they wanted
It badly, so much so that they were will
ing to pay a portion of the price. The
railroad wanted El Dorado and It wanted
It just as bad as is the fashion of rail
roads, and it was more than willing that
El Dorado should pay the price.
The people of El Dorado and the cor
poration finally came together, and as the
result of the meeting the Sacramento
Valley Railroad Company, a fractional
part of the Southern Pacific, agreed to
put a line through to Placervllle. It was
an expensive task, however. The high
est bridges and the stlffest grades in the
State characterized the route and the
company suggested that the people at the
other end of the line bond their town for
$35,000 and turn the issue over to the com
pany to be realized on. In return the
company would put a line through to
Piacerville without undue delay.
The bargain was struck and the city
went into debt and in good faith. The
railroad people started their road and
stopped at Folsom, Just forty miles from
making good their promise. After years j
of delay the work was" begun again and |
the road finally attained Shingle Springs;
there it stopped and nothing more was I
done uncil 1239. when the company had j
saved enough by exorbitant freights and j
worse fares to close the fifteen-mile gap
between Shingle and Placerville. Since
that day the mountain town has been
("accommodated" with the most abomina
ble service In the State.
Meanwhile the company sold Placer
vine's bonds for their face. The first
cessation of work followed immediately
upon the sale. When the holders of the
bonds called upon Placerville for pay- \
ment the people there rung up Folsom j
and asked if work on the road was prog- ;
ressing as per agreement, and when they I
found that the compact Had been broken |
as soon as the cash was in hand , they ■
promptly repudiated their indebtedness.
Suit was brought against the town, but '
when the summonses were made out there
was no one found to serve them upon:
every officer of the city had resigned his
job and was rusticating somewhere up
the Tahoe road. At the next election the !
citizens of the town refused to participate !
and ever since that day the government '
of Placerville, though an incorporated !
town, has been administered by the offi
cers of the county.
Suit after suit and judgment upon judg
ment have been filed and with accrued in
terest and judgment the original debt of
$35,000 now amounts to $240,000 and a few .
dollars over.
During the past few years Drury Me- i
lone, the Napa capitalist, acting as agent !
for a syndicate, has been buying the
bonds at from 15 cents to 30 cents on the
; dollar, and he now controls nearly the
whole issue. He has had the backing of
the railroad in all his deals and schemes I
of every variety have been tried in an j
effort to induce the town Into a position ■
where it could be mulcted. Everything
falling the force of legislative enactment \
is now to be tried, and the following bill >
is Intended to accomplish what the
schemes have failed in:
Section L Whenever in any incorporated city
In this State there baa been no election for \
municipal officers for a Dertod of more than .
: two years, and the municipal officers last !
1 elected have failed for more than two years
to discharge the duties of the offices to which '.
they were elected. It shall be the duty of the t
Governor of the State of California within i
thirty day* after th« passage of this act to nil |
such offices by appointment.
Section 2 provides that It shall be the duty
of the municipal officers appointed as provided
In section 1 of this set to make provision as
soon as possible for the holding- of an election
; by the qualified • electors of such Incorporated
cities to fill such municipal offices. Such eUc- i
ton shall be held as if there had not been a
failure to elect for more than two years, as i
provided and declared in the first section of this
Met
Sec. 5. Upon the assumption of office by th« i
■ elected • officers of such incorporated city, as ■
I provided above, the municipal officers so ap
i pointed by the Governor in such incorporated
; -ity, as hereinbefore provided, shall surrender
\th.*ir offices to such elected sacessors; provided,
uhat all official acts of such provisional and
f««" facto municipal officers shall have the same
'validity as if performed by elected officers :
i *id provided further, that any process served
i tson such provisional and ac facto municipal I
I o%cers. so appointed by the Governor under
th\ revisions of this act, shall have the same
\ vdkiity as to service as if served upon officers
\ eleVed to such municipal offices.
• 'Ttat bill simply means that a set of i
officials Is to be forced upon the "city of
| Plaefcville whether it wants them or not
I for to other reason than to enable a
coter% of speculators to realize big money '.
on a Repudiated debt based solely on a
i broketVand dishonored compact. Senator
i Ashe € San Francisco introduced the ,
measuxL but bays that lie did bo by -re- L
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
quest. It is not likely when the intent of
the measure has been disclosed to him
that he will countenance any such scheme
to divest old Hangtown of her hard
earned dollars.
ORATORY EXPENDED
ON THE BLACKSMITH BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— There was more ora
tory in the Senate at its session this even-
Ing, but it was of the jovial not the bit
ter kind, as was the case last night when
young Mr. Works' bill was passed upon.
Senator Shortrldge's maiden effort in leg
islation, the bill to allow a lien upon a
horse by the unpaid blacksmith who had
shod it, came on the urgency file for sec
and and" third reading and for final pas
sage. There was a great deal of merri
ment at the expense of the bill, but hon
ors were about even. There was more
parliamentary law expended on the prog
ress of the bill toward Its final downfall
than Is usually accorded a Senate mea
sure, and when it came to voting on a
motion to deny the bill a third reading
the Senate got on the wrong track and
actually passed it up for final passage
Instead of consigning it to the grave, for
which the motion had Intended it. This
oversight was remedied, however, on rhe
final passage of the bill, for it was de
feated by a vote of 17 to 13, Senator Short
ridge having changed his vote from aye
to no in order to move for a reconsidera
tion.
Senator Dickinson made the first assault
by moving to strike out the section pro
viding for the foreclosure of the liens.
To this Shortridge objected and in doing
so spoke long and earnestly for his meas
ure as one looking to the protection of
honest labor and a help to the poor me
chanic, who. he said, referring fo other
measures regulating the methods of court
.procedure, was as much entitled to pro
tection for his hard earned money as was
the rich lawyer for his fat fee. Dickin
son's amendment was lost.
Then Smith pointed out some clause he
was not satisfied with, and it took Short
ridge another ten minutes to explain why
there was nothing wrong with the sec
tion Smith referred to.
Curtin next. claimed the floor with an
amendment that the provisions of the bill
should not apply to sections of the State
higher than an altitude of 1500 feet above
the sea.
This riled the Santa Clara Senator and
he warned the Senate that some time
some of them would have pet measures
, to pass and he would retaliate by mo
tions for delay and vexation numerous
enough to keep the two stenographers
busy for a month. Curtin' s amendment
was lost and, nothing daunted, he submit
ted another striking out the words "ox"
and "mule" wherever they occurred, for,
said he. he wanted to protect them. This
amendment, too, was lost.
Bulla then submitted an amendment that
found favor with the author of the bill.
MEXICAN DAN: "I'LL DO IT WITH MY LITTLE HATCHET."
but that, too, went the way of the others
and was downed a second time on Leav
ltt's motion to reconsider. Then Curtin
moved that the bill be denied a third
reading and the question was put. "Shall
the bill be denied a third reading?" Twen
ty-seven of the Senators voted "no*? in
an effort to deny the reading and found
they had voted not to deny the reading
and the bill was read again.
The vote on rollcall stood 16 to 14 against
the bill. Shortrtdge demanded a call of
the absentees and then a call of the
House. There was a rollcall on the call of
the House demanded and ordered, bnt it
was stopped, and then Shortridge changed
his vote from aye to no. and when the
vote had been announced he gave notice
of a motion to reconsider. It will prob
ably be dealt with to-morrow.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
MUST PAY ITS TAXES
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 21.— The plan to exempt a
great deal of the property of the Stanford
Unversity from State taxation was ruth
lessly downed in the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate this evening. It was ordered
reported back to the Senate with the rec
mmendation that It do not pass.
The exemption was contained in Assem
bly constitutional amendment 23, submit
ted by Assemblyman Clarke. The amend
ment provided that "All property now c
hereafter to be held In trust for the found-
Ing or the benefit of the Leland Stanford
Junior University, or of any department
thereof, may be exempted by special act
from State taxation, and all personal
property so held, the Palo Alto farm aa
described in the endowment grant to the
trustees of the university, and all other
real property so held and used by the uni
versity for educational purposes exclu
sively, may be similarly exempted from
county and municipal taxation; provided
that residents of California shall be
charged no fees for tuition, unless 3uch
fees be authorized by act of the Legisla
ture." ._
There were not many present at the
meeting, nor was Senator Storehouse, who
was supporting the amendment In the
Senate, at the committee to speak for his
measure. There was a quorum, however,
and the matter was referred back with
the adverse recommendation by a vote of
4 to 3, Senator Sims casting the deciding
vote, because, as he said, he considered it
a very dangerous piece of legislation. It
was pointed out that the power to ex
empt was left discretionary with the Leg
islature both as to time of exemption and
quantity of property to be exempted, and
it was deemed by the committee to be
unwise to allow any such unrestrained
latitude.
The matter will be brought up again
before the committee if Senator More
house wishes to be heard on the amend
ment, but only as a courtesy to him.
The committeemen expressed themselves
as having heard argument enough on the
subject, as it has been under discussion
many times.
The amendment containsTnore than the
mere exemption of the college property
from taxation. It provides for the con
firmation, permission and approval of all
the endowments, gifts, grants and be
quests that have been turned over to the
institution, and granting to the trustees
full corporate power.
The objection to the measure, however,
lies In the clause of exemption, and upon
that Is the unfavorable report based.
OAKLAND WILL GET HER
HARBOR COMMISSION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. a.— Senator Leavltt's bill
creating the harbor of Oakland and estab
lishing a harbor commission to control It
I practically passed the Senate on the
urgency file this evening.
The bill is the result of agitation for a
proper system of government over the
. Oakland harbor, and has been in the pro
; cess of construction ever since the Su
; preme Court decided the celebrated water
front case and defined the rights of the
city and of private individuals and cor
porations in the water front property.
There had been some conflict of opinion
about how far the bill should go in the
description of the limits of the "harbor,"
; and that subject was the theme of an
'< amendment submitted by Leavitt.
In the amendment the limits of the har
bor were changed to include both the
! property the courts had decided belonged
: to the city and State and that belonging
; to Individuals, but it was provided that
' the harbor commissioners should have
] jurisdiction over that portion only which
' belongs to the city and State.
The amendment must be printed in the
; bill and then it will come un for final
passage, but as the main point has been
i decided by the passage of the amendment
! the passage of the bill itself Is assured.
MORE BUGS FOUND
IN THE SCHOOL BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— Senate bill 36. with its
mate. Assembly bill 639. not only contains
; the amendment to section 1617 of the Po
: lltleal Code affecting the tenure in office
: of the teachers in San Francisco, but it
appears there are other "bugs" in it.
Section 1674 is so amended that not only
; will the number of principals be reduced.
. but that teacher's horror, the "inspector,"
j will be re-established in his old position.
j The amended section reads as follows:
"In schools of more than one teacher
'■ the board of school trustees or city Board
of Education must designate one of the
tearhers as principal of the school, who
: shall have general supervision of the en
tire school; provided, that nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
prevent boards of trustees and boards of
education from selecting a principal to i
; supervise the work of two or more schools
In one school district."
San Francisco constitutes but one '
j school district, and there would be noth- j
I ing to prevent, if this amendment car- j
i rles, boards of education £rom districting |
• the city and appointing "inspectors" un- |
der the name of "principals." as under '
1 the "Pooh-bah" Stone board, by which !
', John Swett and many other educators ■
j were thrown out of the School Depart- !
: ment some years ago.
Section 1663 Is so amended as to lengthen !
; the time of pupils In the schools before j
i entering- the high school, from eight to ;
ten years. This will waste two years of ;
1 the pupil's life and Increase the expense
'of the department by employing more '
teachers.
An amendment to section 1622 provides j
that "all of the State school fund and SO ,
per cent of the county school rund ex- !
elusive of the library fund must be used !
exclusively for the payment of salaries j
iof teachers of primary and grammar
schools." The fund would be so exhaust- j
cd. If this becomes a law. that the amount J
needed to conduct the high schools, pur- i
chase supplies for all schools, make re- :
pairs, pay janitors and take the annual
school census would be but fc:14.000 per !
I annum, while at least $360,000 is needed :
for these purposes. This would practical- :
'■ lv mean the closing of the high schools i
:of San Francisco, as the primary and j
grammar schools, under the law, must j
; first be provided for. The committee. ;
| Colonel Charles H. Murphy and W. D. j
Kingsbury, have been working on this '
bill alone thus far. but will now take up !
1 the remaining sixty educational bills and '
carefully scrutinize them for inconsist- !
enciea and legal flaws.
At the meeting of the Assembly Com
mittee on Education this afternoon it was !
decided to remove the objectionable :
clauses of the bill and eliminate section {
, 6, relating to the exact time teachers are
|to be employed. The section, eliminated J
reads: "Provided, that on or before the
20th day of June of any year the Board of
School Trustees or City Board of Edu
cation shall meet and by ballot elect
teachers for the ensuing school year."
By the amendmemt suggested by the
teachers' committee, which came before
the committee this afternoon, it was de
cided to Insert the words "that on the
Saturday on or before the 20th day of
June" the teachers are to be elected.
Assembly Evening Session.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— The Assembly devoted
the evening to considering bills recom
mended for passage by the Committee on
Ways and Means. Seven bills were passed.
They were:
Assembly bill 127. introduced by Ather
ton, appropriating $4000 to purchase land
for Folsom State Prison.
Assembly bill 159. introduced by Arne
rich. appropriating $1957 01 to pay the
claim of the State Board of Horticulture.
Assembly bill 34, introduced by Cargill,
appropriating $260 for the relief of W. C.
Guirey.
Assembly bill 247. introduced by W. H.
Miller, appropriating $7709 50 to pay the
claim of I. H. Polk.
Assembly bill 211. introduced by Crow
der. appropriating $300 to pay the claim of
A. W. Rapelic.
Assembly bill 347. introduced by William
McDonald, appropriating $«17 50 for the
reimbursement of the directors of the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asylum.
Assembly bill 279. introduced by Feliz.
appropriating $8111 50 to pay the cialm of
>fajof Jose Ramon Pico.
Illness and Death.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 21.— Judg-e Carpenter to
night is lying seriously ill at his room In
the Golden Eagle Hotel. He has symp
toms of apoplexy.
Assemblyman Brown of San Mateo left
for his home this evening, having received
a message announcing the death of his
mother-in-law.
Senator Doty Seriously 111.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 21.— Senator Doty was tak
en suddenly 111 this evening. It is said
that he has trouble with his heart, and
that his condition is serious. He has been
taken to his home at Elk Grove, about
fifteen miles from Sacramento.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.
Directors' Nominees as Announced at
the Meeting Last Night.
The committee appointed by the direc
tors of the Mechanics' Institute to select
a Board of Directors for the management
of the institute for the ensuing year
handed in its report at a meeting last I
night. Following are the names of those
selected, out of which the members have
the privilege of voting for seven. The
directors will when chosen elect a presi
dent: Walter It Brunt. Ernst A. Denicke.
Lewis C. Hunter, Sheldon G. Kellogg,
Rodney Kendrick, Dr. F. J. Lane, Henry
C. Langrehr, Dr. J. P. Le Fevre. L. W.
Lovey John MsLaren. Robert W. Neai.
Charles M. Plum, P. H. Reardon, Horace
The election will be held on the 28th of
the present month at the Institute, on
Post street. Only members who have been
such for six months are entitled to vote.
The following have been appointed
judges of election: Alfred Crldge. Henry
L Davis and C. A. Malm. The committee
upon which will fall the honor of install
ing the trustees after their election are:
Irving- M. Scott, Asa R. Wells and A. 3.
Hallldie.
Prise-Fighters Discharged.
The charges of prize-fighting and aid-
Ing and abetting a prize-fight against the
principals and seconds and others who i
participated in the scrap at Teutoniaj
ALGER'S TRIP WILL BE
A VERY LONESOME ONE
If He Goes to Cuba on a Government Trans
port He Must Make the Journey
All by Himself.
82 NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The Herald's Washington correspondent 8S
88 telegraphs: Secretary Algers junket to Cuba and Porto Rico may be 83
88 a fizzle and he may have to abandon it at go by himself. Though 88
88 Secretary Alger may see no impropriety in taking a shipload of 83
58 gentlemen and ladies on a pleasure trip on a Government transport 88
88 at the Government's expense, the sense of propriety of Senators and 88
88 Representatives is not so dull, and many of those invited have al- 88
88 ready declined the Secretary's invitation. I was told to-day that 88
88 Senators Bate, Cockrell and Pasco, and Representatives Sulzer. Hay. 88
88 Cox and Jett had declined, and that they would not go even if Sec- 88
retary Alger should pay all the mess bills out of his own pocket. 88
88 for the reason that they considered the use of a Government yes- 88
88 eel for such purposes wrong.
88 It Is doubted whether there is any fund out of which the ex- 88
88 penses of the trip could belaid except the unexpended balance of 88
88 the national defense fund; and it is contended it would be a grave 8S
88 breach of the confidence imposed in him by Congress if the Presi- 88
88 dent should consent that any Dart of this fund voted to put the na- 88
88 tlon in a condition of defense should be used to carry a lot of guests 88
88 of the Secretary of War on a pleasure trip through the West In- 88
88 dies. 5«
88 When I asked Representative Sulzer to-day whether he intended S
88 to accompany the Secretary of War. he said: "I have declined the *8
88 invitation. I have no further comment to make, except to say that 88
88 when I go to Cuba I will co on my own account and at my own 88
88 expense, and when I get there I will be the guest of the Cuban re- Si»
88 public."
8i8S8S8SSS8SSS8S?S888S?S?3!SS82?S8S888S88!S!S!S!4*?. SSSBSSS3SBB 5S
Hall, when John Farrell was knocked
senseless by John O'Brien, were dismissed
by Judge * Mogan yesterday. Attorney
Sweeney, for the defendants, argued that
the Board of Supervisors had legalized
the fight by issuing a permit, and tne
Judge took the same view.
PIGGOTT AND HIS "PXTLL."
He Is Acquitted by a Jury of the
Charge of Vagrancy.
John Piggott, the notorious pickpocket,
and his "pull" hare scored another point
against the Police Department, as a jury
in Judge Graham's court yesterday after
noon found him not guilty of the charge
of vagrancy preferred against him by Po
liceman Barney Harter. Evidence was
given by Harter. Policemen Colen and
Butler and Detective Egan.
Unfortunately for the police, the testi
mony of Detective Egan and Policeman
Butler did not agree. The jurors who
heard the case were: Fred Bronson. S.
B. Bogart. John Eslandson. J. R- McCrUf
flck. W. W. Delano E. Mau, Henry Sehrn
der. E. Hollingsworth. C. A. Keogh L \V .
Hoffman. W. A. Whitelaw and John
Stark. They took less than five minutes
to arrive at a decision.
There is still another charge or va
grancy against Piggott and his compan
ion. Cal Childs, to be tried, and the two
are under indictment by the Grand Jury
on a charge of grand larceny. The police
think they have a sure case against them
on the grand larceny charge as the
"pull" will not be so potent in the fau
perior Court.
POLYTECHNIC FIELD DAY.
The Members of the High School Will
Be Pitted Against the Alumni.
The rival forces of the Polytechnic Al
umni and the Polytechnic High Schools
will be pitted against one another in a se
ries of field contests at the Olympic Ciub
grounds to-day. The entries are as fol- ;
lows:
Fifty-yard dash— Riccomi. Gay, Keen*. |
P A.; Abadie. Jacobs. P. H. S. 1000-yard
dash-Abadie. Humbleton. P. H. S. ; Mau,
Smith. P. A. 220-yard dash— Gay Bur
gers. Smith, P. A.; Jacobs Templeman,
Howe, P. H. S. 440-yard run-Hut*.
Oburn Templeman, Graves. Packsher,
TieoSlet. P. H. 9.; Riccomi Burgess.
Smith. P. A. Mile run-McMahon, iseU
mun, Eagerl. French, Beschorman. P. H.
S.; Harris. Lamont, Sexton, P. A. l|o
-yard hurdle race— Mourder, P. H. S,
Grant, Duden. P. A. Shotput-Duden P.
A_ Hammer throw— Duden. Goldtree. Na
than P. A.; Bunzer Forbes Packsher. P.
H S. High jump— Graves. Skinner, P. H.
S.; Grant, Mau, P. A Broad Jump-:
Mau. Nathan. P. A.: Abodie Howe, P. H. ,
S. Pole vault-Humbleton. Lucy Howe,
P. H. S-; Keene, Baumberger, Healey,
Grant, P.' A-
DEALER IN MEAT FALLS.
Property of Simon Maier Attached at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— Two at
tachments have been placed on the
wholesale and retail butcher store and
slaughter-house of Simon Maier. The
attachments were in the name of Wal
ter L. Vail, who is acting for the First
National Bank, in the sum of $38,630 88,
and the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank
in the sum of $13,397 T3. These claims
are unsecured and according to Brad
street's report there are thought to be
floating liabilities of from $10,000 to
$12,000.
According to the books of Mr. Maier
( DYSPEPSIA j
HUDYAN CURES. Jr
Dyspepsia fcJ a functional derangement of the stomach, characterized by disorders of the
function of digestion, and. in most cases, the presence of nervous symptoms.
There are two forms— nervous and acid. The former is usually seen in active business
or busy professional men of a nervous temperament, who eat meals rapidly and hurry off
t0 b \cld e dyspepsia, is met with amongst the poorer class of people, whose diet la usually a
COtt "vin O p 3 toms- Perverted appetite, entirely lost or ravenous: a feeling of weight or fullnes*
Jn the stomach: heartburn; return of food from the stomach to the mouth • regurgitation) :
pain or soreness at the pit of the stomach during digestion: drowsiness after meals with
wake'ulnesa at night- defective memory; headache: constipation and flashes of heat: breath
Is offensive and there is a peculiar taste in the mouth: the tongue is usually coated and
shows marks of the teeth, though in some cases the tongue appears clean.
Treatment- At the first appearance of any symptoms of dyspepsia commence the use of
Hudvan Take one Hudyan tablet three times a day befere meals for the first few days,
and then Increase to two three times a day. before meals special attention must be paid to
the diet Eat plain and simple food, consisting chiefly of fruits and well cooked vegetables.
Eat slowly and chew the food well, so that it becomes thoroughly mixed with saliva. Eat
at regular intervals the last meal of the day being a light one. Very hot food and Iced drinks
should be avoided as also should pork, fat meats, grease, pastries and confections, beer and
alcohol Tea and coffee should be moderately used, and they snould be made rather weak.
Take '->ome regular light exercise and keep the mind free from thought of ailment. Persist la
your efforts and take Hudyan regularly. Remember that some cases are more stubborn thatt
others but if the above directions are carefully followed a cure will be effected in every eaA
Hudvan cures nervous weakness, nervous twitching .if the eyes, of the face, of the i P?V
lip of the lower lip. Hudyan cures nervous, shaky hands, nervous, shaky knees. Hudyaft
cures nervous headaches, exhausted nerve force. You can learn the truth of this announce-
ment by trying Hudyan. or you may ask your friend or neighbor if they have tried Hud-
yan He or she who tries Hudyan recommends Hudyan. You can get Hudyan at your drug-
gist's for 30 cents or 6 packages for $2 50. or you may send direct for Hudyan.
It la quite understood that you may consult the Hudyan doctors free— that is. you may
consult the Hudvan doctors at no cost to yourself. You may call or write.
HUDYAN REMEDY CO., Corner EM* and Market Sta.. Sao. Fraadaco, Cal. t
there are assets aggregating about
$190,000. a large part of which are in the
form of book accounts of an indeter
minable real value, though those who
have been over the books declare that
they are of better character than they
had thought probable. According to
this showing the assets are double the
amount of the liabilities.
The failure of Mr. Maior was precipi
tated by the fact that a buyer for him
last week made heavy drafts on him
which he was unable to meet, his paper
going to protest.
MYSTERY OF
A SUICIDE
Unknown Man Found
Dead in a Hotel.
"R. Brown, Fresno."
A MAN who registered as "R. Brown,
Fresno," at the Cosmopolitan Hotel
on the 16th committed 1 suicide in his
room yesterday.
Nothing is known of the man or his
connections, but it is believed that Brown
is not his real name, as the name R. Bar
ton was marked on his linen. He did not
leave a scrap of paper or anything alse
by which he might be identified, and the
proprietor of the hotel knows nothing
about him except that he appeared to be
in bad health and was somewhat despon
dent. He was apparently about 38 years
of ag-e and dressed like a man in moderate
circumstances, but made no friends.
The suicide was deliberate. The man
fastened a rubber tube to the gas jet and
inhaled the deadly fumes until life wai
extinct.
The body was taken to the Morgue,
where it now lies awaiting identification.
34
SLAYER OF HUNTER
HELD WITHOUT BAIL
JAY E. HUNTER.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— William
H. Alford, who shot and killed Jay E.
Hunter on the fourth floor of the Stim
son block. on Saturday afternoon after
a quarrel over a srfall money matter,
was arraigned before Justice Morgan
this morning on a charge of murder,
the complaint being sworn to by Police
Officer McGraw. His examination was
set for Friday morning-, he being held
without bail.
Alford appeared in the dock before
a courtroom full of people, with his
head bandaged. He was nervous and
puffering great pain from the wounds
in his head, which Hunter inflicted with
his three-pound, silver-headed cane,
While he looked pale and careworn, he
was quite cheerful, and made a good
impression on the audience. He is a
much smaller man than Hunter, who
was an athlete. Alford is frail looking,
but has a determined face.
Considerable sympathy has been
aroused in behalf of Mford. Two
deputy constables and detectives have
volunteered to look up evidence in his
SENATORS TALK
ON THE HULL BILL
Will Not Pass at This!
Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Formal
discussion of the Hull-Hawley army re
organization bill was begun in the Sen
ate this afternoon. Hawiey and War
ren, Republicans, supported the meas
ure, and Mitchell and Cockrell, Demo
crats, opposed it, while Proctor (R.) ad
dressed the Senate in favor of some
amendments which he had proposed to
the bill. All the speakers are members
of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Cockrell's speech, though brief, was
particularly notable as he spoke defi
nitely for the opposition to the army
bill. He declared practically in so many
words that the Hull-Hawley bill could
not become a law at this session. He
and those who stood with him were
willing to give the President all the
money and every man he desired, but
they were determined that no great
standing army should be fastened upon
■ the country without full and free dis
cussion. The postofnee appropriation
bill was passed to-day, Butler of North
Carolina and Pettigrew of South Da
kota having concluded their speeches.
• Soon after the Senate convened Pet
tigrew of South Dakota presented reso
lutions from the Legislature of South
Dakota urging the Senators of that
State to support the treaty of peace,
i 'ommentlng upon the resolutions Pet
tigrew said that he denied the right of
the Legislature to instruct him, al
though he was always glad to hear
from that body.
'The present Legislature r,f South
Dakota," said he, "is the third since I
was elected a Senator the last time. In
one a resolution was passed indorsing
the free and unlimited coinage of silver.
Both houses of the next Legislature
passed a similar resolution. The present
Legislature is in favor of the single
gold standard. If I should undertake
to follow the course laid down by the
Legislature I would be on almost every
side of almost every public question."
LAST PAGE OF THE
NAVAL BILL REACHED
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The House
reached the Jast page of the naval bill
to-day and adjourned •with a point of or
der pending against a provision fixing the
price of armor plate at $545 a ton. The
provision in the bill went out on a point
of order on the ground that it was not
limited to the armor to be purchased with
Die appropriation in the bill, whereupon
it was modined to meet this objection
against it, the point of order pending at
adjournment being raised.
Much of the time to-day was occupied
in debating the amendment offered by
IMudd (K.) of Maryland, appropriating
$720,000 to complete the three buildings au
thorized to be erected at the Naval Acad
(■my at Annapolis. The Naval Commit
tee, with the exception of Mr. Cummings,
strenuously opposed proceeding with the
work of rehabilitating the Naval Acad
emy until comprehensive plans had been
decided upon, but the House overruled the
committee and adopted the amendment—
75 to 58.
Two important provisions in the para
graph providing for the constructing of
new ships went out on points of order.
One provided that no more than two bat
tleships, two armored and two protected
cruisers should be built at any one yard
and the other provided that no bid for the
construction of ships should be enter
tained from any firm or company which
had not at the time of bidding an ade
auate plant.
behalf. It is expected the examination
will last at least two days.
The body of Hunter has been em
balmed and will be shipped to Austin,
Tex., to-morrow morning. Hunter was
THESE FEW WORDS ON A CIRCULAR CAUSED THE
MURDER}
FOR SALE CHEAP.
Small Judgment Against Attorney Jay
E. Hunter, In Judge Morrison's Court.
Address » IA/7V\. ALFORD,
13-4- West Fourteenth Street,
Los Angeles, Cal.
WHY NOT DO BUSINESS WITH
AN HONEST AND RESPONSIBLE
FIRM AND SAVE TROUBLE ?
ACCUSES THE
AMERICANS OF
BAD FAITH
BERLIN Feb. 21.— The Cologne Gazette to-day, in an inspired
article sharply criticizes the recently published letter addressed by
Chief Justice Chambers of Samoa to his brother. The paper says:
The facts of the situation are that Mataafa received five-sixths and
Malietoa Tanu one-sixth of the votes cast. The election was conducted in
strict accordance with Samoan customs. Malietoa Tanu was ineligible,
according to Samoan customs, as he is only eighteen years old. Mr. Cham
bers prior to the election, recognized Mataafa's eligibility. All these facts
Mr "'Chambers ignored when he declared Malietoa Tanu elected. His dec
laration that Mataafa was ineligible comes with particularly bad grace,
because it was the American delegates at the conference of IS9B who did not
admit Germany's objection to Mataafa.
The Cologne Gazette then declares it to be wholly untrue that the
German warship Falke supported Mataafa, The Falke, It says, was I
strictly neutral. The Cologne Gazette further says it is untrue that
Dr Rafell the German president of the municipal Council of Apia,
raided regiments to support Mataafa, and calls upon Mr. Chambers to
demonstrate why Germany should leave Samoa, "since Mr. Cham- i
bers 1 own reports show the Germans have predominating interests in
SHANGHAI, Feb. 21.— The German warship Coromoran has left
Kiaochau for Hongkong and Apia, Samoa.
The Coromoran is a third class cruiser. She carries eight 4-inch
quick-fire guns and seven Maxim guns of smaller caliber.
FAILED TO TURN
IN TAX MONEY
Willis E. Peck Indicted at
Santa Cruz.
Special Dispatch to The Catf.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 21.— The Grand
Jury, after having been in session thir
teen days, adjourned this afternoon.
Five indictments were returned. The
first is against Frank D. Elwell, for al
legod bribery in connection with the
| Aptos bridge. The second was against
Robert Canha'm of Boulder Creek, who
was arrested to-night. The other three
were against Willis E. Peck, ex-Tax
Collector of the county, the first, for
neglecting to pay over public money;
the second, for neglecting to pay over
public money, and the third for having
blank receipts for liquor licenses other
than those prescribed by law. Peck is
out of the county.
It is charged that In several cases
where persons had paid their taxes no
record of them was made and the prop
erty was afterward sold at tax sale.
The matter has been thoroughly in
vestigated by the Grand Jury. Peck,
who is supposed to be at White River,
in Tulare County, was telegraphed to
by the Sheriff on Friday, as he was
summoned as a witness to appear be
fore the Grand Jury, but neither the
Sheriff nor Mrs. Peck was able to get
a reply and it Is not positively known
that he Is in that county.
Peck resigned from the office of Tax
Collector about five months before the
expiration of his term. His bondsmen
had asked to be released from his bond
and the Supervisors gave him a certain
number of days in which to file a new
bond, as prescribed by -law. At the end
i of that time, not having filed a bond,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
a native of Austin, Tex.
Hunter was 35 years old at the time
of his death. He was a well-known
club man. Owing to his genial person
ality he was much sought to enliven
social functions.
Hunter leaves an estate worth $15,000
in Los Angeles realty and Randsburg
mines. Hunter requested a few mo
ments before his death that his prop
erty be equally divided between his two
sisters, who reside in Austin, Tex.
William H. Alford, the slayer of Hun
ter, came to Los Angeles from Chicago
W. H. ALFORD.
several years ago. The parents and
relatives of Alford still reside in the
city by the lake. Alford has a wife and
several children and all reside in Los
Angeles. Alford is a pattern-maker.
he resigned from office and the Super
visors appointed F. J. Helms to fill the
office for the unexpired term. Helms
still holds the office. The Sheriff has
gone after Peck.
CALIFORNIA EGGS
SUPPLY CHICAGO
Not Enough to Meet the Demand,
and Prices Still Rule
High.
CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— The timely arrival
of three carloads of eggs from San Fran
cisco to-day prevented a hen fruit famine
in the Chicago market. As it was, the
consignment did not stop the putting up
of prices to the almost prohibitive mark
of 28 cents per dozen on the street, which
means 40 cents a dozen to consumers.
Other consignments are on the way from
San Francisco, some of which are ex
pected to-morrow, and it Is thought prices
will not go higher.
Owing to the recent cold wave which
swopt over the entire country ea«t of the
Rockies, sources of supply usually drawn
on by the Chicago jobbers were cut off.
Hitherto the winter supply came from
[ Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas, but for the
last four weeks the hens have been too
busy keeping warm, and jobbers were
forced to import stocks from California.
This is the first time in the history of the
Butter and Egg Exchange this has been
tried. The eggs stood transportation very
well, and when put on the market were
grabbed off quickly at the top notch
figures quoted above. Some doubt was ex
pressed by dealers to-day that California
dealers would be able to supply Chicago's
needs if the cold weather continued
throughout the Middle West, as this is the
Lenten season, when eggs are so exten
sively used in lieu of meats, and the de
mand for them therefore is greatly In
creased.
Los Angeles Coursing.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.-There will be
an interesting coursing meet at Agricul
tural Park to-morrow, "Washington'a
birthday. The drawing of hounds last
night resulted as follows:
Snug vs. Duty; vs. Beauty
Girl; Lassie Hayes vs. Innocent Daisy;
Fleetfoot vs. Uncle Sam; Happy Maid vs.
Stella B; Sir Jasper vs. B. B. & B. ; Hard
shell vs. Slippers; Los Tunas vs. Dark
Night; Decision vs. Juliet D; Queen
Kelp vs. Fair Rosalind; Merry Maiden vs.
El Diablo; Mollie Bawn vs. Nashville-
Rosewood vs. Daisy Hamburg; Orpheum
Lass vs. Ormonde; Torpedo vb. Fleet
wood; Don Caster vs. Kitty Scott
POPE'S LETTER TO
CARDINAL GIBBONS
Produces a Sensation at
Rome.
HIS HOLINESS TO AMERICA
THE NEEDS OF THE CHURCH IN
THIS COUNTRY.
Catholics "Will Read With Deep In
terest These Words From tha
Fountain Head of
Their Faith.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 22.— The Rome
correspondent of the Times says:
"Generally speaking, the ency
clical is regarded as a qualified
condemnation of the Hecker doc
trines. It would be Erroneous to
suppose that it condemns or di
rectly affects Cardinal Gibbons,
Archbishop Ireland or the group
of enlightened prelates who have
bo largely contributed to the
spread of Roman Catholicism in
the United States. v-'
"It is partly the outcome of a
deep-laid, long-matured intrigue,
and if this is the only result of
twelve months' plotting it is
clear that the latter will
strengthen rather than weaken
the position of the American pre
lates whom the intrigue was in
tended to overthrow.
"Throughout the bitter phases
of the bitter conflict which pre
ceded its publication the Pope
displayed a prudence and per
spicacity astonishing in a man of
his age placed in a position
where unbiased Information is
not readily forthcoming."
ROME, Feb. 21.— The Osservatore
Romano publishes to-night a letter from
the Pope to Cardinal Gibbons saying:
"If the term 'Americanism' signifies a
quality peculiar to Americans and
usages adapted to their customs, then
we have nothing to say against it; but
if it denotes the opinions expressed in
the 'Life of Father Hecker' we are con
vinced that the American Bishops will
be the first to reject them."
The Pope's letter especially reproves
opinions concerning the relaxation cf
discipline and the nou-observance of
doctrinal points as a pretext for at
tracting dissenters to Catholicism, the
direction of souls by inspiration of the
Holy Ghost, independent of priestly
control; the diversion of virtue into ac
tive or passive criticisms of the old re
ligious orders, and concerning unusual
methods of preaching Catholicism to
dissenters.
The letter, which occupies five col
umns in the Osservatore Romano, be
gins by lauding Cardinal Gibbons and
the American Catholics. Alluding to
the many proofs of good will he has
given them in the past, the Pope wishes
them to see in the present document
proof of his affection for America.
While he makes it clear that the let
ter is one of warning and correction
with reference to the "Life of Father
Hecker," his Holiness carefully dis
tinguishes between the doctrinal as
pects of the new theories and questions
of practical discipline and strongly
urges the impossibility of any change
in the former.
Whiie admitting the church has al
wßys recognized and acted upon the
necessity of adapting certain points of
discipline to modern requirements, it
rests with the church, the Pope points
out, and not with individuals, to de
termine how and when such adapta
tions can be made.
"All virtues," says his Holiness,
"must necessarily be active. The con
tempt shown by innovators for what
they are pleased to call the passive
virtues has naturally led to a contempt
of religious life as suited only to the
weak and as an impediment to Chris
tian perfection and to the good of the
community."
This error the Pope energetically con
demns, declaring it "injudicious to the
religious orders and in contradiction to
history."
He reminds the Americans of their
indebtedness to the religious orders,
both active and contemplative.
The letter arouses deep interest In
Rome. The Liberal papers declare that
it constitutes a "solemn manifestation
of the intransigent spirit of Catholi
cism," and predict that it will produce
an immense effect in America.
HAVANA GREETS THE
CUBAN GENERALISSIMO
Gomez Given a Military Welcome
and Tendered an Elaborate
Banquet.
HAVANA. Feb. 21.— General Gomez
arrived last night at Matanzas from
Cardenas. He was met by Major Gen
eral Wilson, Military Governor of the
Department of Matanzas; General San
ger, Military Governor of the city of
Matanzas, and the Cuban general,
Betancourt, who is in command of the
Cuban forces in Matanzas province.
From the railway station he was es
corted by the Eighth Massachusetts
volunteers, the Second United States
Cavalry and several local clubs to the
palace, where he is the guest of the
civil Governor. A reception was given
in his honor soon after his arrival, but
he did not deliver an address. This
evening he was tendered an elaborate
banquet.
Governor General Brooke has di
rected General Ludlow to receive the
Cuban commander-in-chief on his ar
rival here with appropriate military
honors. General Chaffee, the Governor
General's chief of staff, who, with other
military men, will sail for Matanzas at
noon to-morrow on the Hartford, ex
perts to be present at General Wilson's
ball. If he meets General Gomez he
will invite him to come to Havana on
the Hartford. General Brooke is de
termined to show General Gomez all
possible courtesy.
808 BURDETTE TO WED.
TOLEDO, Feb. 21.— The Blade announces
that Robert J. Burdette, the humorist, Is
to marry Mrs. P. C. Baker, a wealthy
widow of Pasadena, Cal., who has been
his lifelong friend. She has one son,
about the same age as Mr. Burdette's son.
The two young men are close friends and
are delighted with the match. The cere
mony will take place at Pasadena about
Easter.
m
Keith's the first milinery opening of the
Reason. We always lead. •
SAMPSON HANGS
A DEAD WEIGHT
UPON DEWEY
Row in the Navy May Cause the
Manila Hero to Lose Deserved
Promotion.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Rear Admiral Dewey may be
prevented from receiving the reward
of promotion to be an admiral to which
the country believes him to be entitled
by the unseemly squabble for pre
cedence that haa grown up between
Rear Admiral Sampson and Rear Ad
miral Schley. Chairman Boutelle of
the House Committee on Naval Affairs
has not taken any steps to have the bill
to revive the grade of admiral and vice
admiral brought up in his committee
and the indications are that he will not
do so.
When I asked him about it to-day he
said he knew nothing whatever about
the Senate bill, and if it was before his
committee he did not know it. He de
clined to discuss the suggestion that
the Senate bill was being held up in the
interest of Rear Admiral Sampson, but
gave me to understand very clearly that
he believed if the grade of admiral
should be revived the grade of vice ad
miral should be revived also.
I talked with several other members
of the committee, and it was apparent
that they concurred with Chairman
Boutelle In this vt*>"- and that the
house committee was determined that
no legislation should be enacted that
would permit the promotion of Rear
Admiral Dewp- 41 -~* did not carry with
it a provision for the promotion of
Rear Admiral Sampson. The whole
matter is in the hands of Chairman
Boutelle, the other members of the
committee say, and it is upon him,
therefore, that the responsibility must
rest if Congress fails to make provision
for a suitable reward of Rear Admiral
Dewey.
Friends of Rear Admiral Schley in
the House declare that if Mr. Boutelle
persists in his determination to make
the provision for the revival of the
grade of Admiral conditional upon the
revival of the grade of Vice Admiral
also the bill will provide for two Vice
Admirals before it is passed, so that
Rear Admiral Schley will go up with
Rear Admiral Sampson.
Rear Admiral Schley's dignified and
manly defense of his conduct in the
Cuban campaign, forced from him by
the efforts of the Navy Department to
BENCH CLAIMS
PROVING RICH
Many Located Along the
Porcupine.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Feb. 16 (via Van
couver, B. C, Feb. 21.). — Bench claims
are the latest from Porcupine. Ever
since the benches of the Klondike were
found so rich not a creek in Alaska,
British Columbia or the Northwest
Territory is prospected where gravel
from the side hills is not sacked, car
ried down to the water and panned.
This has been productive of some very
good surface prospects in the Tahkin,
a creek in the Porcupine district. Some
of these claims are in a basin and all
the indications are good. Discovery on
the Tahkin was staked on January 31,
and the country Is all pretty well lo
cated by this time. A good indication
that something is to be found in the
Porcupine district is the fact that men
continue to go in there and prospect in
the snow under the greatest difficulty
and with the greatest labor. The Tah
kin empties into the Chilkat about nine
miles from salt water. Its location,
whic£ Is really on the trail to Porcu
pine, shows that no creeks in the re
gion are overlooked.
It looks as though not less than 1000
locations will be made in the Porcupine
country before the snow is gone, If the
present rate of travel continues, and
there is no sign that it will not. Re
ally few prospects are made, owing to
the great depth of the snow. If some
body shovels down through the snow,
burns out a hole in the gravel and
finds colors that is sign enough for all
comers. The whole creek is staked
on the snow. Many of the men have
powers of attorneys which they use in
making locations for friends, or for
anybody else, for a consideration. An
advantage of the Porcupine country is
that Haines Mission, Chilkat or Pyra
mid Harbor are close enough to be used
as a base of supplies. The Indians are
ADVERTISEMENTS.
40404- 040 4- ©4040 4- 04040 -f 04040 4- ©4- 0f0 + 0404-0404040404
THE FLAME OF LIFE,
vg^<P!g»fe ■:•■'•. ■; the fire of the eye, the joyful laugh,
• Jfi%gM*&^o** the magnetic charm flow from that
HK2sE&^\v vital P rmci P' e . Electricity. Irregular
JWgv^KP* "^ j\ ' living and debilitating habits wreck
Vp|Mf^^^^^^^ TYtefc-jrf the strongest organism and entail
gßgf <ffiPi?^ 1 V$M lost virillt y and nerve derangement.
1%1 *BIP /^^^ I^^ A strong, healthy body is a basis of
m^K^^^ L jf&B&h success in your pursuits. Such a con-
*^ V^ j v ***» Vs X*"""^^ dition comes from using
*£ Jjjs^l ' "MY DR. SANDEN
«^g, *<lpP ELECTRIC BELT.
P\ \ l^g^^li^LW -' ' The currents go straight to the
: .;v;' ■^! I !"^"^*^ :^^ >."••-■' disease. As they course through
your system they reach the affected parts, eradicate weakness and % every
twinge of pain. ' My Belt rouses the blood to action and re-nerves the
muscles and tissues. My advice is free. My book is free. Send for it
" For four weeks I've used your Belt and feel greatly improved. My, pains are ;
gone. I sleep well and my appetite is good. FRED BROWN ELL.
' -, • : , , . Redding, Cad., Jan. 27, 1899." ; .
dr. m. a, Mclaughlin, i
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. / C
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. / (
NOT..SOLD.;. lIS . . DRUG . . STORES. /. P
smirch his record, was the subject of
general comment among public men
here to-day. It has emphasized in the
most forcible manner what many Sen
ators and Representatives have be
lieved for a long time— that a deter
mined conspiracy has existed among
administration officials to discredit the
brilliant work of Admiral Schley at
Santiago to the advantage of Admiral
Sampson.
There is much indignation among
Senators interested in the controversy
concerning the promotion of the two
officers over the startling disclosure
Bhowing that either the Navy Depart
ment or Admiral Sampson willfully
kept from the correspondence prepared
to throw discredit on the work of Ad
miral Schley the letter of May 20 show
ing that he was obeying the order of
Admiral Sampson in remaining at Cien
fuegos.
There have been many inquiries from
Senators to-day as to the circumstance
attending the suppression of this letter.
At the Navy Department I was in
formed by an official who is acquainted
with the sentiments of the Secretary
and of the board which reported the
facts on which that official based his
communication to the Senate that it
was true it was not included in the
Secretary's letter nor in the appendix
to the report of the chief of the Bureau
of Navigation. In fact it had not been
transmitted to the department by Rear
Admiral Sampson or Rear Admiral
Schley.
"But even if the department had had
the letter," he continued, "it would
probably not have communicated it to
the Senate. That letter is merely an
amplification of the orders given to
Commodore Schley on May 19 directing
him to proceed to Cienfuegos and block
ade that port. As the order of May 19
was revoked by the order given to
Commodore Schley on May 21 directing
him to 'proceed with all dispatch, but
cautiously, to Santiago,' so was the or
der of May 20 which Commodore Schley
quotes, and in fact all orders prior to
the receipt of the order of May 21."
The publication of Admiral Schley's
statement has undoubtedly made him a
great many friends in the Senate. For
the sake of the good name of the navy,
however, I find there is a general dispo
sition to bring the controversy to an
end by confirming both officers to the
grades for which they have been nomi
nated by the President.
beginning to sled stuff for the pros
pectors.
At last accounts the thermometer
showed 20 degrees below zero and over
much of the country there is twenty
feet of snow. It is colder up in the
Chilkat country than in any other re
gion in Southeastern Alaska. To record
claims costs $2 50 at Haines Mission;
at Juneau $1 50. Scores are flocking to
Haines Mission from Skaguay. Juneau
is the last port of importance before
reaching Haines Mission and outfits can
be purchased here as cheap as at Se
attle, with the freight saved. Juneau
stocks are carried here for the purpose
of outfitting miners, and It may be to
the advantage of the public to know
that dealers who have been doing a
mining outfitting business for many
years know better what a gold seeker
needs and how to put it up than re
tailers of less experience. Small steam
ers run from Juneau to Haines Mis
sion. The large ships do not stop there,
as there are no docks.
A Skaguay lawyer found that many
claims on Pine and Spruce and other
creeks in Atlin were illegally located as
to dimensions, and otherwise. He had
them all remeasured and located at
considerable expense, intending to
jump them at the proper time and sell
them to the highest bidders at Skaguay
am! Atlin City. The exclusion act came
along, knocking the scheme in the head,
and the attorney is now looking around
for other worlds to conquer.
A good effect is already apparent
from the exclusion act. It is driving
newcomers and gold seekers who have
been waiting for weeks into American
territory back of Haines Mission, the
Porcupine and elsewhere to prospect
where a man may locate twenty acres
instead of 250 and 150 foot claims.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.—Representa
tive Mclntyre of Maryland to-day Intro
duced a bill authorizing the repeal of the
Geary Chinese exclusion act and provid
ing: that the laws of the United States
now enacted on the subject of foreign
immigration shall be applicable to Chi
nese persons, who shall prove themselves
able to read the constitution of the United
States.
First Lieutenant Cecil Stewart, Fourth
United States Cavalry, will pro
ceed from New York to San Francisco
and report in person to the commanding
general. Department of California, for as
signment to duty with a detachment of
recruits to embark for Manila, and on ar
rival there will join his proper com
mand.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War Private Owen Concannon, Com
pany D, First California Volunteer In
fantry, now at Manila, is transferred to
Company A, Engineers Battalion, U. S.
A Bv Virectfo^o^the Assistant Secretary
«f wnr rorDoral Alfred L. Robinson. Bat
tlr? A Utah Volunteer Light Artillery.
r,nw K "i7nnosed to be at Manila, will be dls
chrrled from the serx-ice or the United
States by the commanding officer of his
station. . « ,
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows: Collar Yreka, window ny
Cnrorni.-A. J. Coll.r. Tr.ks, wMo» ■ W
San Francisco, apparatus (or Meet mh g< >\>l •
£&£ n E B plrtaion"upillto and A. Maatm.
Aneplrs wire screen : Frank v\ . Kringe i,ib
tree- ValentlnePfaff. San Francisco, fenders
clsco, car fender: Charles A . Koth iiru City.
ment: Walter Morley and A. M. TAtlick,
*#2l&s*£sWM A. Tictoer. Marshall. bi
cycle gearing.
Edmund L. Brown was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Fernando, Los Angelea
CounTy vice John M. Jenifer, removed
Pensions for Calif ornians: O pinal-
Engelbert Kupferschmidt. Yountvite. $8.
Joseph Land. Trinidad. $8; George B. Car
penter, San Francisco. $17. Increase-
George M. Sleezer, Kcnnett, $6 to- $8. Re
issue-Marshall F. Price Colton, $8 to
517. Original widows, etc.— Margaret J.
Cooman, Redlands. $12. • Morris, Grants
Oregon: Increase— Albert Morris, Grants
Washington': Increase— Joseph A. Bai
ley, Mica, $6 to $8.
TRADE WITH GUATEMALA.
German Exporters Are Crowding Out
the Americans.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Hon. God
frey Hunter of Kentucky, Minister of
! the United States to Guatemala and
I Honduras, arrived in Washington to
! day. Speaking to-night of the general
i depression in Guatemala, he says it is
1 due to the low price the coffee crop has
\ been bringing during the past two
! years. Dr. Hunter expresses the opin-
I ion that a matter which interferes with,
: our trade with Guatemala and other
' South American countries is the dis
' regard of our manufacturers for the
\ wishes of the people. The Germans se
cure the best of the trade, not because
their manufactures are any better, but
for the simple reason that they sell the
! people what they want and put it up
j for them as they want it shipped. Most
of the imported goods have to be
| shipped into the interior on pack trains.
i and the European manufacturer, ap-
I predating this, prepares his waTes suit
! able for that method of transportation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sure Rupture Cure.
Remarkable and Convincing Evidence of the
Now Famous Rice Method and Its
Certainty to Cure.
An Aurora. Man's Experience and Recov-
ery Will Interest Anyone Afflicted
With Rupture.
More than twelve years ago a machinist In
the tool room of the C. B. & Q. R. R. shops at
Aurora, 111., met with an unfortunate acci-
dent causing a bad rupture. He was given ex-
pert medical treatment and used what was
considered a good truss, but no improvement
was noted. After frequent experiment* with
GEO. O. PLUMMER.
other trusses and treatments he grot hold of m
little pamphlet written by Dr. Rice of Adams,
N. T., and as It was a new idea the method
was tried and improvement began Immediately.
In a few weeks the sufferer, was entirely cured;
This happened twelve years ago and is now
given publicity In order to offset the popular
notion that a surgical operation is the only
way to cure ruiiture. Men and woman who
have been wearing trusses all their lives should,
write to Dr. Rice for particulars of his method.
He makes no charge for advice. The machinist
referred to above is Geo. O. Plummer. 388 La
Salle St., Aurora, 111., and a prominent mem-
ber of the Willard M. E. Church. . :
Mr. Plummer hasn't worn his truss for twelva
years and as his work in the railroad shops is
trying to his muscles his permanent cure of a
bad rupture is certainly sufficient to Interest
other unfortunates who are going through Ufa
In misery. Write to Dr. W. S. Rice, 418 P.
Main St.. Adams, N. T., and he. will send a
complete and detailed description of his method
whereby you can cure your rupture at home
without pain, danger, operation . or detention •
from business. Write at once.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, 1 or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FODGERA * CO.
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
"DR.MCNULTY.
T^hiswelL-knowjs AND reliable old
L Specialisfcwe* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oi Mea only. Boole on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'ra' experience
Patients cuied at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 dally to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12 Consul-
tlonfree.iiidsacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. XOBCOE McXI'LTT, M.».
9tH4 Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
1 ~T~ i : : ' ; —
RTJTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JJIXU Oil JjO ers, bootblacks, bath.
* %Ji'LV houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker*, canaers.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, pap«r-
hangtrs, printers, painters, shoe i factories,
stablemen. tar-»-oofer.H. tanners tailors, etc
!- BUCHANAN BROS.. % , ;
Brts> Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 36
"•^l^^WSliiSf VA^ 7 ,, "'or n °OoSo l rThS2j
JBBO^ODHEb^H Gleet, Spermatorrhoea
MSgW inltoS<t»ji. Whites, unnatural dial
K9 noPSfJS.T 1 ■ largos, or any inflamma-
§2lpr.«E/£?°2E - H? n< '"Nation or ulcer»-
RJ3PMMBU eoawgiou. tion of jn uco v ■ mem-
|S«>yHEEv*NSCHEMIOH.Co. orane*. Non-astringent.
I^%CINCINN»TI,Q IBS] Sold b y Draniiti,
/^^ffl^;U.S.A. .^HT ;! r sent in plain wrapper.
fcV^rTbo^r^rl 0 '
__ . .^—ry ■ Circular Mat ua neash
jjBATENTsf fl
patents! f)
%a^^o MARKET SLS^Su^
Weak Men and Women
Chocld use d ami an a bitters thb
v- treat Mexican remedy; Elves health an*
*trwj£th to ccxual dhui, -Depot. 823 MarkttyNICARAGUA MAY
GET INTO MOST
SERIOUS TROUBLE
The Detroit Will Take Greytown
If Uncle Sam's Cable Mes
sages Cannot Go Through.
'■ • NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— The Herald's
. correspondent sends the
•following: Nicaragua has again of
■ fended the United States and is to be
i railed to account for her impolitic ac
•.-"* Apparently at the instance of the
' '-Nicaragiian Government such strict
'■censorship has been applied to all cable
..And telegraph lines controlled by Presi
dent Zelaya that it has been absolutely
impossible for either the State or Navy
'.•Department to communicate with its
a^zr* 3 n ts.
• Protests made to Senor Corea. the
Nicaraguan Minister here, are of no
avail, and protests to the cable com
panies have produced no result. Th
. administration has finally determined
: . to take the matter in its own hands j
• a-nd has ordered a naval investigation j
preparatory to such action as may seem
■
lhe cruiser Detroit will make the --
vestigation. Her commanding officer,
• Commander J. H. Dayton, was to-day j
.ordered to proceed with his vessel from !
New Orleans to Blueneids, Nicaragua, I
•where hejvill consult with Commander !
F,. . 11.- Simmonds, commanding the j
Marietta, which is at the latter point,
ard deliver to him the instruction the
>.avy Department has been vainly try
icz send by cable
■Jhe Detroit will then proceed to Grey- 1
»oTfn-I where Commander Dayton will !
make an investigation into Nicaragua's |
peculiar action. He will be assisted in !
'his inquiry by Commander Simmonds. j
who will remain at BbxefieMs, the cen- i
ter of the revolution, for the purpose !
of .providing protection for American!
'citizens and American interests there.
| What is especially peculiar in con- i
nection with the refusal of Nicaragua !
to permit the messages tc go to or j
from the American agents within its j
boundaries is that she allows cable i
communication between British war- I
ships and British agents in Nicaragua j
&rr<i British oScers outside of that i
country. In some circles there is a cc- j
lief that the Nicaragua^ Government '
is endeavoring to curry favor with!
Great Britain, just for what reason, |
YOUNG AUTOCRATS
POSE FOR PRIZES
Baby Show at Clover
dale's Fair.
Special Dtapatcil to The Call.
.-. ..CLOVEEDALE. Feb. ZL-For a home
' ; cay., with no railway excursions tc
. -sweLl the throng, there wai a surpris- !
":] fnsly great crowd In the pavilion to- j
" day. Every one came from far and near '
/.•to. see the baby show. Business wai at !
-- a. standstill; the Senatorial fight and !
.' . jyen the fair itself were forgotten in j
.• ~&e intense ■■ and exciting contest for
•■' the- prizes offered for the prettiest boy
;• and the. prettiest girl baby under 2
:':-^Tie affair va3 in charg-e of Mrs. F.
■ and C E. Humbert, the result
.-' 'fc-=-iri:r decided by popular vote. The band j
.•'"■struck up "Rock-a-Bye-Baby" and the |
. vt>t&lg commenced. In the midst of the '
• balloting, when the bewildered crowd!
-;-i;as trying to make a choree from j
I .among the many cheruba arrayed in j
their brightest bibs and tuckers the I
'•.ba.nd played -Ail Coons « babies) Look!
••Alike to lie." "lly Honolulu Lady," I
■ • and. at the end. "See, the Conquering
.- The prize babies are: Clara Bauer
 Xbuzg. daughter of llr. and Mrs. llar
• shall Young 1 oC Cloverdaie. and Ray
■ ir.qnd Roberts, son cf Mrs. Leslie f
Roberts.' Little Raymond's father, a i
•■Tceil-kno-wn citizen of Cloverdaie, died
z few months a^o.
-Special prizes were given to Richard
ami' Julia, the six month-old twins of |
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Brown of Pine!
. . - The band concert was lararely attend
■ ed to-nig-ht. To-morroiv will be the red
• 'ieiter : day of the fair. It is Sonoma !
£■■3.7. and it is expected the town will be {
thronged with excursionists from all
i". 'parts cf the county. Special rates will
;■' r'o given on all the railroads. There
/.will be an excellent musical programme i
-'. afternoon and evening, with cornet !
• f -palas and duets by Professor Laskey [
.'of San Francisco and Miss Mabel Smith !
" .rff Healdsbure. Professor ElrtstoD will <
• give a balloon ascension. The pleasures
;;-lH end with a ball at night.
PEnrSTLVASXA ZI.ECTIOXS.
; iWcnaiL Brmniag' for Office 13 De- j
feated by Her Husband.
• PHILADELPHLN., Feb. Zl.— Coroner T.
.. H- Ashbridg-e fR.) was tc-day elected
Mayor of Philadelphia. to succeed
Charles F. Warrick. by a pi irality of ac
■ •least- Wfl.iMW over Dr. "W. Horace Hoskins
;.CD.) and the Prohibition, People's and
. Bftigfe Tax car.didates. llayor-«?lect Ash-
Brld^e's plurality wlil be abcir 50,000 in I
■ .excefis of than r>M:«v»<i by Ma-rsr War- :
• vrtck in ISOS. wh<=n a total of 214 713 votes •
were cast for him and his Democratic op
■ pcnent. ex-Oiv^rnor Pattison.
'In Lebanon Dr. Sa=;:*[ V,"ei3e. *n anti-
Quay P^pubiican. wa.-? eieoted Sta-e Sen
ator, to' succeed General J. P. S. Gobin. !
Lieutenant Governor cf the State, by an f
•estimated majority of between TAt) and
-3CM over Alfred.
In Cumberland County. E.iward S. \lan
r£n% (D.) was elected to the State Legis- :
lature to succeed his father, who retent
'iv 'died.
"Democratic 3layor3 were chosen in Ear
.•rt^btirg: and Altoona. In a number of
'counties there were interesting contests !
fo'- School Directors, where women we-e
■candidates, and in Snydertown, Northnm
feerland County, one of these candidate
r-.rirSTi? on the Democratic ticket was de
feated by her husband, a Rep a on
• 'i _. . \
I>rove Slieep Aero«« the Plains.
; -.' SALINAS, Feb. &. — Jesse D. Toe- aOA
"'•cM resident of Castroville» died to-dayi
a'ter three days' sickness, of pneumonia: \
t^ce-c drcve a flock of sheep across the
. piaina ta California in the early fifties,
and by this venture made a jrreat deal
- of- money. He engaged fn stock raising
near Jolon for several years, but far the
las* twenty years has resided In Castro- ;
viile; He was about 7?, years oid.
Btits an Aubtim 3Tewsp«per.
ATJBUKN". Feb. 2L— General John tF.
Sfceehan of San Francisco has purchased ;
the Republlcan-Argns of this place from
F. M Millikan. : '-- '£, :
■ » «
"Keith^s" opening: this Thttrs. . Fri. and :
Saturday; the - iblic invited; no one ex- j
~-rt>r? to &•»» an these, days. Keith'a. * i
' however, Is not apparent la the officials
in view of the willingness of the Lon
don Government to abrogate the Clay- :
to'n-Bulwer treaty so as to give the !
United States a free hand in the con
struction of the Nicaraguan canaL ;
Should the abuse continue the au
-------- go so far as to direct the
Detroit to take temporary possession
of the cable station at Greytown in or- •
der to get a message through.
MEAN TO BUILD
THE BIG CANAL
>TE7W YORK. Feb. 2L— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Not that the Canadian ne
gotiations have been. temporarily
! shelved. Secretary of State Hay -.i ex
| pected to push negotiations for the ab
rogation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Though the British Government nearly
two months ago stated its willingness
to abrogate the treaty, these negotia
j tions have lagged. Embassador Choate
i has been told the position of this Gov
ernment concerning" the treaty, and
when he reaches London, this will be
one of the important questions which
he will have to discuss with the Brit
ish Government.
There is a disposition in administra
tion circles to believe that the work of
the Joint High Commission is finished.
It is understood that Sir Wilfrid Lau
rier will ascertain from the Canadian
Parliament whether his refusal to ac
cede to the "exorbitant" demands of
the United States is acceptable.
An omcial ------ the American
commissioners had made every conces
sion possible; that an agreement had
been reached on several points only be
cause of their yielding, but that it was
impossible to accept the British sug
gestion regarding the Alaskan boun- i
dary. This matter may be settled by
se separate treaty, or perhaps by direct |
instructions to the commissioners' '
should they ever meet again, which de- I
pends largely on the attitude of the Ca- j
nadian Parliament with respect to the j
course pursued by Laurier and his col- j
leagues.
DR. CRABB`S LOVE
FOR MISS PERRY
I Pastor's Wife Tells Her
Story.
Special Dtspatch to Tile CalL
= AN* JOSE Feb. 2L— Women crowded
Judgr? Kittredge's court to-day in the
j hope of hearing- some spicy testimony in
| the Crabb divorce suit. Their presence
\ gave a matinee air to the assemblage.
The cross-examination of Mrs. E. B.
! McClure was taken up at the opening
jof ctfurt. Dr. Crabb ha told her he
! had given his wfre a written confession
| that he loved Miss Perry, but had con
j fessed. only in fun.
Mrs. J. C. Zuck of Gilroy was the
next witness. Dr. Crabb told her his
j wife was not in her ri?ht mind. She
j had never heard Mrs. -abb say any
j thins- against her husband. Attorney
I Hasaett asked the witness if Dr. Crabb
i had not told her Mrs. Crabb was of no
| earth rose to him as a wife. Strenu
j ous objection ■■■-.- ques
! tion.
Dr. Crabb said his wife, when In her'
i right mind, was pure and chaste; at
other times she was very obscene and
said things she ousrfat not to.
Mrs. Hattie Crabb, the defendant.
I was then called to the stand. She said
| she was married to Dr. Crabb in UK- j
i nois. Her story showed that from the
first her life had been one of hard work
and in later years made sorrowful by
lack of attention. She and her husband
came to California, in IST4. He ob- !
tamed a place for her in a inilllnery i
store and she at once wen: 10 work.
They lived in various place*?. In IS9I
he came to the University of the Pa- ■
cific and her troubles then began in I
earnest. He paid too much attention to
the Misses Bessie and Anns. Mayne,
teachers at the place, and Mrs. Crabb
objected. Th- witness had received
anonymous notes in regard to her hus
tand's actions from students. She had
never accused her husband of Improper
relations with any one. Mr Crabb
defied that she had ever struck her
husband on the back with a bowl
thrown a knife at him, or otherwise
abused him.
Dr. Crabb's fondness for Miss Carrie
Terry was gone over, and she told prac
tically the same story the fjrmer wit
nesses related. Dr. Crabb. she said,
made frequent visits to San Francisco
to Fee Miss Perry. Mr* Osbome jan- i
itor of the GOroy church, and Dr. j
Crabb had been found holding- each j
others hands and gazing- I.m-ing-ly at
each other. Dr. Crabb confessed 'to the
witness that he loved SCijts Ferry. He
said God had given him something to
love, and it was an especial act of di
vine providence that threw them to
g-ether. He said he might marry her
some time. Her husband also ' gave
her a written confession to this effect.
In it he declared he loved Miss Perry
but that their relations had not been
improper.
A copy of this confession was pro- :
duced. The original, the witness said,
had been destroyed by the doctor. The
question of admitting the copy was not
settled at the hour of adjournment. ;
Mrs. Crabb will resume her story on
Thursday morning-.
LAW AND M'CUNE
WERE SEEN TOGETHER
SALT LAKE. Feb. 21.— legislative <
investigating committee held two sessions \
i to-day. ■'•-"hen the committee met this
* morning the additional charge filed last
T.iffht ~,y Representative Law were read.
. A. sworn statement from A. W. McCune
iras then read. In which, he denied In de
till the statements contained in the sup
pkmental charjrea.
Representative Law was called and his
crefe si-examination resumed by Judge
Dtijn. He testified only in a I general
waA regarding- the charges contained in
the supplemental specifications and no
new la eta were developed.
F. 1. Home of the Wahsatch drag' store
teatlfVl that Law and llcCune were In
hi 3 kre on Saturday last: that after!
they l^t Law returned to the store and
spoke V the conversation with MeCune,
and that Law had said he would accept !
. CaOO. but would not so below that. *" I
.»- - *
THE SAX FRANCESCO CAIX, WEDXESPA" FEBBUABY 22, 1899.
EMBALMED BEEF CAUSED
MUCH OF THE SICKNESS
IN THE CUBAN CAMPAIGN
Charges Made by General Mis Are Borne Out
by the Testimony of tfoy Officers
of the Amy
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21. — The court I
of Inquiry ec.ga.gad in investigating' the
beef charges preferred by General
Mile 3 continued to-day the hearing- of .
testimony bearing? upon the contro
versy. A number of army officers who
participated in the Santiago campaign.
were heard. Practically without ex
ception the o£lcer3 condemned the
canned roast beef furnished as a travel
ration and reviewed complaints about
it which the men very generally made,
declaring it unpalatable and wanting
in nutriment.
On the other hand, the refrigerated
beef suffered but little at the hands of
to-day*3 witnesses, it being generally
conceded that it was good when deliv
ered from the transports and when it
escaped the decomposing effect of the
tropical sun en route to the several
commands it was found to be satisfac
tory. Difficulty in preventing taint be
fore cooking was experienced generally.
There was very little in to-day's testi
mony pointing to the use of chemicals
on this beef-
The contention of General Miles that
the army in Cuba and Porto Rico
should have been supplied with herds
of cattle, or beef on the hoof. instead
of refrigerated beef was supported by
every witness who to-day gave opinion
upon this question.
A feature of to-day's examinations
was the general assertion of witnesses
that they would not have felt it their
duty to the men or the army organiza
tion to have made any special report
upon ■■- beef had it not been for the
special orders calling --.-■
--but rather would have permitted the
unsatisfactory ration to pass without
further notice as an incident to war
fare •nd to the peculiarly trying con
ditions with which the army was con
fronted at the outbreak of the war. A
number of offlcers testified to the belief
that a very small proportion of sickness
in Cuba was due to the beef or un
wholesome rations, but rather to the
climate.
The session began with Colonel William
H. Powell at the Seventh Infantry, who
was stationed at Madison barracks at the
outbreak of the war. on the stand. He
said he started for Tampa April 13 with
a month's rations and did not come into
contact with the food from the Commis
sary Department
♦ * ■* » at Tampa, until
-*. <£ about ready to
Meat Tfcat start for Cuba.
The regiment
% D««t-,w«i went through the
kcs— ncieu Santiago cam
paign "and after
Wet Seaweed. thecity was cap
«■ «*• -.•■■.--:.-. was
♦ 4 ■»» quartered In th<
city he received
requests '- — -:» men for money to buy
food to eat. He investigated the so-called
canned" roast beef and had some of it
served at his own table.
•*I could not eat It.** he continued. "It
was a stringy, unwholesome looking mass,
more like wet seaw»<?d than anything el3<»
I can think of. The men were sick and
debilitated and could not keep It on their
stomachs. W<» had at that tlm<» 2 sick.
Soon after that the fresh beef began to
arrive and the - - - ate readily and began
to pick up in health. Afterward we were
moved out of camp to a point near the
San Juan battlefield. Here much of our
meat spoiled before we coald get it."
Resrardlnx the refrigerated beef Colonel
Powell said there was little to be said
against it. except that some of it spoilt
before it was received. There were no fa
cilities for cooking while tn the city ex
cept a fire in the gutter, and all food had
to be boiled. The regiment was very hard
worked while in the city, eighty-nine be
injr on guard duty daily. Some of these
were so sick that they fell down at their
posts and had to be brought in. The wit
ness thought the men would be better of 1
in the country, and he directed his ener,
gies toward getting them out of tow
rather than to reporting on the cpiaiit.
of rations. He had tried to get bettf*
quarters, but failed, and tried to get.metf
ical assistance to help his own contra!
surgeon, but failed In this also.
Colonel Powell concluded by reviewt|
the decrease in sickness after the issue ;
fresh beef and removal o* the camp i
WftS FHURE
THE VICTIM
Contlrued from F!nt Pajf<».
Loubet present. The . Pr^siderf com
municated to them the raessageto Par
liament. The council ordered that all;
the public offices, schools and bourses
be closed on the day of the late Presi
dent Faure's funeral. The Clamber of
Deputies was crowded whei M. Lou
bet's message was read. It iis greeted
with, salvos of bravos. The House ad
journed until Friday. Th# Senate re- ;
ceived the message with /similar ap- ;
proval and passed the cred*t3 demanded
to defray" ths expenses c£ the funeral
of the late President.
The following Is the test of President
Loubet'3 message to Parliament:
Summoned to the first magistracy of
the country, I need for the accomplish- ;
ment of the jrr- duties devolv-jj^ upon
me the co-operatiaa Q' -the Senate and
Chamber of Deputies. F ask: this of you.
and I am sure It will no: be withheld, i
AJ VE&TT SISTVf TUfH
, ~~
- ; - 1 '■ \ i
If YOU WANT "THE ONLY" <
« GENUINE HUNYADI WATER, ]
Insist Upon Receiving <
HUl^tdl Janos :
SJLTISAIi IPERIETT WAXES, '
> the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs (
of Hnngary, owned by ,
t ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,
► Budapest.
the kills. After r-plytag to t e3^^sl
he said he attributed the sic-!* i£Z
to hygienic causes than to th?'*-. „?{'
command was overworked * _ !r : y
quartered and clothed, and *^V> a ,1°
be a complete wreck. He <f f «,l£~
ability to estimate the in* ?:\. SIC "-"
ness due to food. Explahr T „ e r-"
pression, "want of nutritt v ~i T1< v\ i ,..'r2
said the beef gave no plea? m ea - un «
nor strength to the body 1 =•«*,.„,»„,•>,
Colonel Albert Smith ,><* Fli - teentll
Infantry followed Coloneljfi 1 - .. a:S(V , ot
"The beef was good." &£.*£*?%',
one day when it was spoil* ?E. c'?*°™e '?*°™
that the beef had been ly? 1 the 3ua on
the dock." ' •■-. t-)-]- _«
Lieutenant Colonel Ch* ?u.™Sts£
the First Cavalry, anotl£%P« J^frSt
army officers, who had/ w *£ v £ b , *J?
Shaiter campaign. toO<SSLdwSt
recital of his experience? l canned roast
beef. i
Colonel Davla-Wtat *£££?■ * — '
ration ?oiiur down en tlur"^
Witness-Canned r:ast " h 1 Cuba?
Colonel Davis — Wliat a -_„.,♦ f nr a r a ~,
days bafor; leaving fo*"""^
reMseraceii beef. •> / you ia.7e on the
Colonel Da via — What? J
transpcrt coming hcni^.
.... rw?
.■ ! :
Davl^Wrf^P^ 13 W9CT! maAs
to you as to this be* -mnptanits. Tiers
-Witness-There w 3Lnyt!sin« eiae and tiia
was no chanc* to gSiin».
men took it and ■■ferae It -hen?
Colon.l r^v^T^j^^^-ft WM
i^eTanT l^ I --^ a deal
«? *•— «■*
tin? something W^ - notai= «
Wltaewj-I dW^iJny ei3 e to be had.
%oloneI T Da^? C y "^^ ° a
thi3 subject? _.„ maii* tlonse reports,
fitness— T«^ , wa _g , t ■: n-.a<!-* Bo
M Civ.3- a W er»
Seld t^ taat for a 1ohj? tia«
■ --' com -
Totonel ■ ..said that he did take up
-mand
. • - a At
srs aa*
cuiar letter^^ fl V' before he re
in? for repc^ reived official no
.r » tice from the War
♦** " " a Department that
* t'j , v-Id T a repnrt on this
Viel© itll<l i subject would be
i/ ■ j want ed. What re
ji o «at fri?erated beef
his command re
thereat- ceived in Santia
xce I SO seemed to be
«*• j sJf eood. He remem
♦■*——— ■ b«?red only one is
sue lr w:is tainted. He had no com
plaints ?o l t from the men.
"Did « have any reason to suspect
whtTA ir were at Santiago that the re-
J-is-eW* -- - had fe^^ 1 treated with
efeemfefe! asked Colonel Davi3.
"T^ hs'never heard of such a thins at
*v^ _•" was the reply, "and such an
ex^tarkm dld not occur to me.'*
.PA~Sau eat any of the refrigerated
meat tnreelfT"
"-,-^-)t_that wa3 enough for me."
•v, ■- explained that the beef had a
-Hoiniusty smell, as though it had been
«hu7,J la a close room." and it turned
nj^rjainst the meat, so he took, bacon
Inference. He was In sond health at
thJa* but many of his men were sick.
H,ytng- to Colonel GlUesple. he aw he
. one to believe the other officers
i^ 1 , mess did not use the meat. He said
lh j»fri-erated beef at Santiago had a
l*% appearance on the outside that he
y* nwe - noticed upon the refrigerated
bj formerly furnished at Fort Hiley
SI -^r-^ he was stationed. When, h*
rfc at Santiag-o he was Inclined to nau
% Referring to the canned roast beet
w?ald it seemed to be of scraps and that
: < men would not eat it.
■fte«pondin^ to a request from Colonel
'avis for his opinion as to th* compara-
P%« desirability of beef on the hoof and
ie'rtsrerated beef, he thought the former
roul?'hav'i? been preferable, because cat-
Jo could be driven to the camps, slau^h
ei-ed i«sned and cooked. He said he had
lot'surjre^ted this, because no cattle were
iear and ihe troops were a long- way
rom any place where cattle could be pro
cured Cattle on the hoof eoald have been
i«e<i bet-ween the time of landing and the
lurrender while the men were employed
n the sieire. by being driven close to the
'ront and then delivered on packs. This
le said in reply to a. question of colonel
Davis.
Brijradler General Hawkins was next
-ailed. He told the story of the journey,
lebarkatioa and ftsht, in which he was
wounded. He said complaints against
•armed roa3t and canned corned beef were
lied on the transport. He heart! no com
You may const on ray firm desire to dedi
cate all ray efforts to the defense of the
constitution. You have as • pledge- there
of my unchanged devotion to the republic.
The rejrular transmission of power, ac
complished in a few hours after the sud
den, death of our beloved and resrretted
President, Felix Faure. has afforded in
the eyes of the whole world fresh proof
of the fidelity of France to the republic j
at a time when some misiruided men are
seeking to shake the confidence of the
country in its institutions. The National
Assembly plainly signified on Saturday
Its --ire to bring- about the pacification
of men*3 minds and to re-establish and
make lasting the union of all Republicans.
Passionately devoted to the principles \
of the French revolution and the regime
cf liberty, It will be my constant anxiety
to assist Parliament in this necessary
work of tolerance and concord. During
the course of the temporary difficulties
through which we have passed, France, j
by her sang- frotd and dignity and the
patriotism of her Parliament, has grown
in the esteem of the new world. Why, j
then, may we not hope for a similar un
derstanding in internal affairs? Does not
this underitandin? exist in the country?
Is there the least doubt of necessity for
paying equal respect to the essenual or
gans of society— the chamber which de
: liberates freely on the laws, the magis
tracy which applies them, the Govern
; men? which insures their execution and
the atonal army which safeguards the
r endence and integrity of the mother- !
land-that army which the country loves
■ and which It is right in tob^teoat
the whole nation fulfills lit It the same
duty of self-denial and discipline and
know* It will find therein a faithful suard-
Jg^ r o/h5«I?-wlll know how ;
to set calmly about the task of solvlnjr
the problems which disturb the moral and
material well-being of her citizens and ,
- plaints after landing and knew little nt
; the beef question.
Following General Hawkins, Captain J.
, W. Duncan of the Twenty-first Infantry
was inrtodticed. Canned roast beef, ac
; cording to his recollection, was issued as
j ' a travel ration at
♦•» . » » Tampa for the
{ <* ,* ocean trip, and at
Repugnant | ponent «£ OM
. fresh meat ra-
Ma don. It was re
t placed about th«
j Unpaiatatle. ! 20tn of July by
! ♦ 4, refrigerated beef,
tft a * and was issued
- - !■■•;-■ - as a travel ratios
on the home voyage. It did not. he said,
give general satisfaction, the men gen-
I erally complaining. He saw much of It
opened, and it appeared coarse, insea- j
soned, tasted fiat, wa3 la long strips, and '
the grease, "or whatever It was," was in g
globules. Apparently it was preserved i
well. Coraplaints brought to him. he said,
were that the beef was repugnant and un
palatable. It was first eaten, out of the
can. and subsequently was cooked in a
stew form in tomato cans and camp ket
tles,- and in this latter form was more
satisfactory. He heard no complaints on
the return trip.
Captiin William N. Hughes. Thirteenth ,
Infantry, was with his command during j
its stay at Tampa, and in the Santiago
campaign until July 10, when he was
stricken with yellow fever. Canned roast
beef, he said, was first used after the ;
1 landing, and complaints followed at once. •
He attempted personally, he said, to use
It* but found it unpalatable. It did not
satisfy hunger, and he could not eat it.
Such was the experience generally of the
men. It was stringy and Had no nutritive
value. : -
Captain William Ennis. Fourth Artil
lery, was with the Shafter expedition,
and remained at Santiago until .gust
14. He said the canned roast beef was
used on the transport and more or less
throughout the stay of his command in I
Cuba- None of tin? men complained while '
there, but personally he had taJsen it a3
a stew and was often nauseated. Since
his return he had inquired of the men as
.to Its effect, and complaints were made.
He took no action about it in Cuba, be
cause he heard of no notable complaint 3
and did not consider action, necessary.
Refrigerated, beef, was furnished after the
surrender and was satisfactory- Every
body, he said. liked it. and he never sus
pected any use of chemicals. Since he
had reflected, he was surprised that he
had been able to keep it twenty-four
hours after issue.
"A great many of the men would eat
the canned roast beef and turn about
quickly and vomit," said Captain Ennis. ;
"and. finally they refused to eat it at all."
Thl3 was said in response to i question
as to the causes of Illness among his
troop. Captain Ennis believed much of It
was due to this beef. No other food
caused vomiting immediately after eating, !
he said, but the sickness was only tran- |
sient.
Major Stephen Baker, retired, attached
to the Fourth Infantry during the San- '
tiago campaign, said canned roast beef
was issued after landing and until after
the surrender, and complaints of no very
specific character were ma generally by I
! the men and captains. No definite at- ;
i tempt to remedy the defects In the rations
was made, he said, because all realized
that -ie best possible was being done
under the circumstances and they were
glad to get anything.
Major General Stunner of volunteers.
who was colonel of ta« Sixth Cavalry it
the outbreak of the wax and commanded
a brigade of cavalry through the Santiago
campaign, testl
♦ ♦ »♦ fled that com
♦ ♦ plaints about
Complaints roast beef were
heard In the lines.
From but no action was
rrom taken "because."
„ as he declared.
the •'lea. "there was not
♦ -/— -v any use. That
>.;■ a^. was all we had.
and it would not
do any good." Refrigerated beef m fur
nished, after surrender and was good,
except that much, of It spoiled before
reaching camp, five or six hours being re
quired to brtna- it from, the depot. Gen
eral Sumner said he attributed none of I
th» stcTcnesa to defective food.
Major Jesse M. Lee, Ninth Infantry,'
who joined his regiment at Santiago July
29, said refrizerated beef was furnished,
seemingly daily, and frequently spoiled
before it could be got to camp two miles •
from tie city.' Much dlfilculty in trans
porting It wa3 experienced, and. aside
from putrefaction, there appeared little
ground for complaint. Major Lee was
very strong in the opinion that beef on
the hoof would have been more satisfac- ■
tory In Cuba than refrigerated beef.
continue her peaceful and fruitful work
in the field of thought, science and art. :
as well as in all forms of economic labor,
agriculture, commerce and industry. Let
us be more just toward ourselves and not
allow- it to be forgotten that our France
has always professed the same love for
pro«Tes3. justice and humanity. Her zio
riaus past constitutes a patrimony which
we must preserve and increase. The re
public has ffivea France free constitu
tions, assured her the priceless benefits
of uninterrupted peace, has bound up her
■wounds, reconstituted her army and navy,
founded a great colonial empire, organized
every grade of education, concluded alli
ances and precious friendships and ha?
given a wonderful impulse to all labors of
charity, co-operation and thrift, the urn
being to do away with or lessen unde
served suffering. Let us develop this
work, which is the pride of our country.
I shall be happy, if by toil, which noth- ;
ing- shall deter. I am abla. with the help
of union, to the maintenance of which all
my efforts will be directed, to contribute,
within the limits of the rights I hold un
der the constitution and which I shall not
allow to weaken In my hands, to the real
ization, of oar common hopes and in
strengthening' the republic.
MILLIONAIRE LANE
RODE WITH THE GOLD
STOCKTON. Feb.- 21.— The transporta
tion of $300,000 in gold bullion over a wild
• mountain road within a few days after '
1 the recent murderous attack upon th»» ;
! Jackson stage, was accomplished last
j week, when Millionaire Charles Lane i
' brought down over a quarter of a million
- from the Ctica and delivered it to Wells- |
Far.zo's agent at Valley Springs.
Mr. Lane had immediate charge of the
big chest and drove the small road wagon
carrying the treasure. His wagon was j
preceded by a mounted rider armed to
the teeth. Flanking him on both aides ;
and behind was a shot gun. escort pre- i
pared for any emergency.
The cavalcade moved over the road at
as lively speed as possible, and came I
dashing- up to the. "V- alley Spring station,
at a running «ait. Once the gold was de- |
livered to the agent, the company be- i
came it 3 responsible custodian. Five men i
strained their mascles in putting the
treasure aboard the narrow gauge train.
Mr. Lane trip with, the treasure box \
from the Utica to Valley Springs was not !
a new procedure for him. as he personally
accompanies nearly every shipment. This ;
stretch, of road ts so dangerous that
Wells-FargO' would exact a small fortune
on such, a shipment to repay for the re- ;
sponsibility Incurred. To obviate this ex
penditure and to have the satisfaction of
seeing the big clean-ups go through safe-
Iy Mr Lane or one of Ms associates may
always be seen on the mountain road with
the armed escort. The cavalcade starts
without warning and dashes by pepole ;
on the road as though going to a fire-
Sorrow Ends Her Life.
WOODLAND. Feb. Waiter de Carlo, ! !
who ha.* been in jail many months, pend- j
ing an appeal to the Supreme Court on a !
perjury conviction, went to Suisun. yesrer
day In charge of an officer on a sad mis- ' *
sion. De Carlo's waywardness has great
ly trembled his aged mother and on Sun
day she died near Davlavllle. The funeral I
.oecnrrwl-*tf.Solsua. 1
THE STATESMEN
OF MADRID ARE
AT WHITE HEAT
Count d'Almanos Makes Re
marks Which He Will Not
Withdraw Upon Order.
MADRID, Feb. Zl.—ln the Chamber
of Deputies to-day the opposition con- '
tinued to bait the Government. Senor
Canalejas put a long- string of ques- j.
tions to the Minister of Finance, Senor j
Puigrceiver. who declined to reveal the j
contents of the projected bills. The |
Minister, however, said he hoped in due
time to introduce measures to settle the
arrears of pay of the soldiers returned
from Cuba, and to deal with the pay- I
ment of the Cuban and Philippine j
debts.
To this Senor Canalejas replied: j
"Nothing could be conceived more la- j
mentable than the word 3of the Minis
ter of Finance. It is evident that he
has prepared no bills at all. despite the j
gravity of the situation."
Senor Canalejas then proceeded to i
censure the Government, caustically at- j
tributing its "careless glibness of ex- j
planation" to the fact that It was aware j
that in a few days it would no longer
be in office. He said he thought Senor j
Puigceiver would have done better to J
acknowledge frankly that this was the i
MRS. YOUNG ON
TRIAL FOR ARSON
Excitement Runs High
at San Rafael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 21.— trial of
Mrs. Augusta Young of Tiburon on a
charge of arson, which began in. the
Superior Court to-day, has developed
into a feud of bitter character- It is :
alleged that in three separate instances
determined attempts have been made
to intimidate three leading witnesses
for the prosecution and the feeling runs
so high, that not a male witness was
permitted to take the stand without
first being searched by Sheriff Taylor
to* see If he carried deadly weapons.
None were found and the trial proceed
ed, but it was plain to see that the
nerves of all the principal witnesses
were tense, and that it would have
taken little to precipitate a fracas.
Miss Matilda Lutzone. the principal
witness for the prosecution, was dis
charged from the employ of Mrs. Linn
at Tiburon yesterday, and it is alleg-ed
by the other witnesses for the prose
cution that this was done because she
testified against Mrs. Young- at the pre~
limlnary examination and would not
refuse to appear in the Superior Court-
While William Lewis, another wit
ness? was attending the trial to-day he
was 'telephoned that Thomas Mitchell,
the partner of Young, had tried to
break •in the door of the bam owned
by Lewis to take away a horse whose
ownership seems to be in. doubt.
Five witnesses— William Lewis. C. A.
Hackett, J- O'CounelL P. M. Wright
and W H. Fletcher— to-day as
to the facts surrounding the fire, and
Bert Babcock regarding the attempted
suicide of Mrs. Youna-. Miss Lutzone
rave the same strong testimony as at
the preliminary examination— that she
saw Young and his wife carrying kind
ling wood and coal oil into the build
ing and distributing it in the various
' When the prosecution, conducted by
District Attorney Isaac and Attor
ney D W. Ryan, closed its case Attor
ney Cochrane tried to have Judge An
g-llotti instruct the jury to acquit the
defendant on the ground that arson
had not been proved as defined by the
code" He was permitted to open the
case""for the defense with a statement
of what he intended to prove, and the
case went over until Thursday at 3.30
a. m- —
2TEW ALASKAN LA2TD DISTRICT.
Proclamation by the President De
fines Its Boundaries.
WASHINGTON, Feb. ZL— A new dis- \
trict in Alaska is created by a proclama- ;
tion, signed by President McKinley. short- :
ly ta be promulgated, Its boundaries are; I
ADVEBTTSE3£E2n:S ::
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN. . CONSULTATION FREE.
/
PATIEMTS MAY KEEP THEIH HOHEY TILL THEY ARE CURED.
Any one who has the least doubt about beingr cured may deposit the
price of a cure ta any bank or with any well-known business house or news-
Daper in San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co.
until the patient is convinced that he is permanently cured. If patients prefer
they may make monthly payments. Prices always reasonable.
Failing powers, lass of ntaJ farce, etc-, which hare been brought on by youth-
ful errors or excesses in after life, overwork or worry y and all contracted ailments,
including malignant contagious blood poison*, at any stage, come under this offer.
Home cures a specialty. If you cannot can. write for free book far men.
only, advice and treatise on any disease. All letters confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 -"SUF
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, 3to 5 daHy; Evenings, "■ 8; Sundays, 9 to 11.
reason why no bills had been, prepared.
In the Senate to-day Count d'Alme
nas resumed the attacks begun by him
yesterday upon the generals who were
engaged in the war in Cuba. He com
plained that chests of gold sent out to
pay troops in Cuba had been returned
to Spain intact and unopened, just as
they had b*»en sent out. In terras of
special severity he criticized Captain,
Aunon, the Minister of Marine.
Twice he was called upon by th»
president to withdraw his remark- and
his speech was attended throughout
with great uproar.
Marshal Martinez del Campo defend
ed General Linares, who was in com
mand of the Spanish, troops at Santi
ago at the capitulation, against the
charge of treason brought by Count
d'Alinenas. adding- that the latter
would not dare repeat his charges out
side the court.
Count d'Almenas essayed a. reply, but
he refused to hear him.;
Senor Sagasta. the Premier, wfca
spoke amid increasing tumult, deplored
the attitude of Count d'Almenas. and
defended the Government's conduct.
He concluded by calling- for the clo
sure.
The debate was adjourned.
North of the Porcupine and Yoion rivers.
except as to the latter river only, from its
intersection with the sixty-sixth parallel
and north of that parallel as it extends
to M Bering- Sea. and west of the one
hundred and fifty-fourth meridian. Thi3
leaves a strip ISO miles in width, extending
north from the Yukon tr> the Arctic
Ocean, which still is retained in the dis
trict of which Weare Is the land Bee lo
cation.
The United States Land Office will es
tablish a new town. Peavy. located at tha
head of navigation on the Koyukuk River,
about SOO miles from its junction with tha
Yukon. Twelve steamers are reported to
have navisuted the river as far as Peavy
last season, and the country from this
point to the Arctic Ocean is very rich la.
mineral deposits.
WILL NOT PARTICIPATE
IN PEACE CONFERENCE
NEW YORK. Feb- 21 — A special cable
to- the World from London. say 3: Tha
Daily News Rome correspondent says it
is authoritatively asserted that m view
of the dissension over the advisability of
inviting the Holy See to participate in,
the peace conference the Pope intends to
inform, the Czar that he voluntarily re
nounces bi3 destre to send a delegate. Leo
XIII is animated by a wish to demon
strate that hi 3 only object 13 really to
■-_■-• the success of the great
scheme. There is. however, a party at the
Vatican opposed to such a course.
FINDS NO TRACE
OF ANDREE'S PARTY
NKV/ YORK. Feb. 2L— A special cable
to the Sun from StJ Petersburg says: The
Governor of Yeniseisk, under date of
Krasnoyarsk. February 13. telegraphs
that the report of the discovery of the
bodies of Andres and his two companions
cannot be confirmed.
A mmmg 1 inspector who Is energetic and
intelligent was sent -- investigate. He
mads an exhaustive search along- Upper
Pit River and dispatched skirunnera
into the adjacent country, but was unable
to find any trace of the missing- men.
Fatal Shooting Affray.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— While In a.
drunken frenzy over an imaginary wrong.
Curtis E. Smith, a cook, shot and prob
ably fatally wounded Thomas McClin
tock. a cobbler, this afternoon. The bullet
pierced the intestines. The shooting took
place in a Fifth street saloon, where the
men had been drinking. Smith, being short
of funds, pawned his watch with McClin.
-tock for •". cents and spent the money
for whisky. He left the saloon in an in
toxicated condition, but returned shortly
afterward, and at the point of a revolver
demanded of McClintoctt his watch, which,
the latter immediately handed over.
After obtaining the watch Smith fired at
McClintock.
Hall and La-wler Matched-
MEMPHIS. Term.. Feb. 21.— Jim Hall of
Australia and Charles Lawler. Corbett'3
former sparring- partner, have been
matched for a fifteen- -nd contest to
take place here March 1.
McXenzie Admitted to BaiL
STJISUN, Feb. SL.— Ex-Sheriff Georss 3.
McKenzie, accused of complicity in the
killing- of Alfred Cook r has been admitted
to bail under bonds originally supplied ta
Napa.
Mandolin with bag- and extra. set of
strings for 55.50, worth $10. at llanirals.
163 Market street.
56
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 22, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 281 St«ven«or» Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage: ■
r>AILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year f6.00 I
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00 i
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 month's 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ttsc
SUNDAY CALLOne Year 1.5© i
WEEKLY CALL. One Year !•«<> I
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~ *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Bulldlnfi
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RJft4« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
, a
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Reprcsentatlro.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
p:3O o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock- I
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22*1 Market
ttreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk »treet, op«n
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets. ODen until 9 o'clock- ,
AMU . hMtNTa,
Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross."
California— "Black Pattl Troubadors."
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
RTlvoll— •'Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
Orphean* — Vaudeville.
Grant Opera House— Ellis Opera Company, Mor*V».y even-
Ing, March 13.
I Chutes and Zoo— Pianka. th« "Lady of Ldona."
Olympla — Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Race Track— Races. .
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. February 27. at 12
o'clock. Real* Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
THE VALLEY ROOD WORK-
WHILE the dry weather causes something of
delay in business, and the Legislature dawdles
in a Senatorial deadlock, and progress gener
erally seems blocked, it is gratifying to note that in
some directions, and in some enterprises at least,
work is going forward with vigor ajid energy, and
the conditions of the State are being changed for the
better.
' One of the movements which we can watch with
satisfaction is that of completing the link in the Val
ley road to connect Point Richmond with Stockton.
The work on that part of the line is difficult and toil
some, but nevertheless it is going forward with com
mendable rapidity. Recent reports are to the effect
that the debris of the late slide in the big Franklin
tunnel has been cleared away and the tunnel toward \
Concord is nearly finished. It is expected the tunnel j
near Pinole will be completed in three months, and
that the cut and fill near Rodeo Creek will be finished
about the same time.
With each successive accomplishment in the work j
San Francisco and California are brought nearer and
nearer to the attainment of that competing trans
continental system of railroad which has been so long
desired and which promises to be of such far-reaching j
benefit to the trade and industry of both the city and j
the State.
It now the Southern Pacific Company would ful
fill its oft-repeated promise to cease its efforts to j
dominate the politics of the State and devote its ac- j
t:\ities to the completion of the gap in the Coast j
road, the railroad outlook of the commonwealth
would be sufficiently auspicious to counterbalance to
some extent the depressing prospects elsewhere.
As a matter of fact there should be some means of
..compelling the Southern Pacific Company to fulfill
'.hs pledges to the people from whom it obtained!
rights of way across the gap in the coast line. The
land was granted upon the express understanding
that the work of building the road should begin at I
once and be completed in time to give persons who j
were then living an opportunity to get some of the
benefits expected to result from it. The years have
passed, the company holds on to the rights of way,
but the work of construction goes slowly, and the
coast counties between San Francisco and Los An
geles remain sidetracked while the Southern Pacific
is doing tunnel politics.
In the meantime the construction of the gap in the
Valley road is going briskly forward. The whole
course of this great enterprise is from first to last one
that the people can regard with more than ordinary
satisfaction. The contrast between that business man
agement and the political meddling and muddling of
the Southern Pacific is too striking and impressive
to require any comment to make it understood by the
people. ;
A man only 35 years old has just bought an East
ern publication, paying for it $225,000. He began as a
boy to do newspaper work, and is now pointed to
as a successful journalist. As a matter of fact it was
•when he got out of newspaper work and was made
the private secretary of W. C. Whitney he got his
first taste of success.
•: Some of the Spanish statesmen seem impatient that
so many months should have elapsed without the
shooting of a single one of the generals. So far as
Weyler is concerned this feeling is easy to under
stand, only he is hardly worthy of being shot if there
is- handy a suitable piece of rope.
It is hardly conceivable that Governor Gage would
•fcaii to reappoint Mrs. Hearst as regent of the univer
sity: Her appointment was probably the most popu
• lar ever made, and there is nobody more unselfishly
•devoted to the welfare of the university than this gen
erous lady.
The days of heroism have not passed. Recently in
this city a man accused of assault on his mother-in
law married the obstreperous lady. This plan may
have to a certain degree mixed the family relations,
•.but it brought peace.
;.'■ A mission worker of this city who married a
drunkard to reform him failed in her object. Per
haps she made a mistake in the style of marriage. As
a. moral agency the contract system is not impressive.
Those Crabbs who are so vociferously demanding
a divorce ought to get it on condition of getting out
of sight and hearing.
' It is only fair to the brave officers whose pictures
are published in an evening paper to say that they do
not look like that.
Perhaps Senator Hanna has enough to do in keep
ing the politics of his own State pure and sweet
ThjE INTERESTS OF THE PARTY.
HAD the Southern Pacific Company any patriotic
regard for the welfare of California it would
never have lent its aid to advance Dan Burns
in politics after his record had been once exposed;
| had it any respect for the dignity of the United States
I Senate it would never have proposed him for election
to that body, even if it accepted his services in other
ways; had it any consideration for political decency
it would never have tried to force him upon a party
whose campaign pledges were emphatic assertions
that the railroad is out of politics; were it at all wise
it would not now persist in upholding him, since it
j has been made clear that his candidacy arouses popu
| lar indignation, and that the Republican majority in
the Legislature will never support it.
The candidacy of Burns, shamelessly promoted by a
| corrupt corporation, is offensive to every principle
which honest Republicans hold dear. It is a wrong to
the reputation of the State, an insult to the National
Senate, a mockery of the people, a violation of ex
press pledges, a degradation of genuine Republican
ism and a menace of future disaster.
It is as certain as anything can be the election of
Burns by Republican votes would heavily handicap
the party in California for years to come. It would
be a disgrace to the State perpetrated under circum
stances of a most aggravating nature. It would im
ply that every Republican in the Legislature who
made his canvass last fall on the distinct pledge that
railroad domination was to be eliminated from the
State was lying at the time, or is of so weak a man
| hood that he is willing to accept in office the domina
j tion which he denounced while a candidate.
The record of California Republicanism is so hon
! orable for faithful service well performed the party
can survive any ordinary blunder on the part of its
representatives in office and retain popular confidence
in its honesty and patriotisjn. It will not easily surmount,
however, a deliberate betrayal of the State into the
control of the railroad and the election of the dirtiest
politician in California to the United States Senate
to succeed Stephen M. White.
The issue is one of sufficient importance to arouse
!to activity every loyal Republican in the State. If the
| railroad be permitted by a caucus, or by any other
means, to bring about the election of Dan Burns,
then in the next election, when some great policy of
protection or sound money is at stake, the victory
may go to the party of financial folly simply because
the triumph of Burns will have disgusted the people
with Republicanism.
Better will it be for the Republicans of the Legis
lature to elect no Senator at all than to elect Burns.
A drawn battle is better than submission to dishonor.
Genuine Republicans should stand fast to the great
principles of the party and to the pledge that the
Southern Pacific shall no longer dominate California.
On that ground there may be a drawn battle this
time, but in the end there awaits a sure and trium
phant victory.
THE ISLE OF PINES.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that it has been determined by the administra
tion to annex the Isle of Pines and hold it as
a permanent possession of the United States, no mat
ter what disposition may be made of Cuba. As the
island has always been regarded as an adjunct of
Cuba and was so treated by the Spaniards, this de
cision may involve us in some controversy with the
Cubans in case we recognize their independence and
withdraw our troops from their shores.
The reason assigned for the reported decision is
that the geographical situation of the island with
reference to Nicaragua renders it of strategic impor
tance. It is south of Cuba, and the routes of vessels
passing to and from the Nicaragua canal when com
pleted will be virtually commanded by it. As a point
of vantage in naval operations it is said to be much*)
superior to Porto Rico, and will be the best location
in the West Indies for a fortified post and naval sta
tion.
The argument for its annexation is certainly strong,
and yet it cannot be denied the Cubans have good
grounds for claiming it as part of their territory. It
is virtually as much a part of Cuba as Key West is a
part of Florida. It is connected with the main island
by a chain of keys so nearly complete and separated
by such shallow water that it is said cattle have been
known to pass from- one to the other.
Our right to hold it, even if we evacuate Cuba, is
based upon that clause of the tieaty of peace which
declares Spain cedes to the United States the island
of Porto Rico and other islands now under Spanish
sovereignty in the West Indies. We have, therefore,
a good title to the island, as, indeed, we have to Cuba
itself if we choose to exercise it.
The issue is one over which there is not likely to
be much dispute in this country, whatever the Cuban
patriots may think about it. When we construct the
Nicaragua canal it will be of the highest importance
to us to control the routes to the waterway along
both the Pacific and the Atlantic coast. There will be
nothing of imperial expansion in holding this com
paratively small island, which will afford a safe and
healthful station for our fleets that may be called upon
to guard the passage to the canal. Nor is there any
sound reason why the Cubans should object to its
occupation by us. We would not be there as a
menace, but as a protection to their republic and a
I gu;Md for their commerce as well as our own.
MARRIED A MOTHjER-IN-LflW.
/yi ICHAEL FABRITSKY has all his life been
/ \ unknown to fame. It was only when he as
* * saulted his mother-in-law that he arose from
the lowly plane of his existence, and when he com
promised the matter by taking the lady to wife that
he became enrolled among celebrities'.
Michael had been married and divorced. What
may have been his reasons in either instance do not
appear, and later he was charged with battering his
mother-in-law, surely a reprehensible act, for it is the
part of a gentleman to take to his heels rather than
blacken the eye of mature beauty even in self-defense.
Michael was arrested, as he should have been, but
v.hen his case was called the prosecuting witness
blushingly announced that hostilities were at an end.
Pressed for an explanation, she further stated that
she had married her son-in-law.
Probably there was no better way out of the
trouble. The courts are relieved, the power to punish
placed in the untrammeled hands of the bride, a
curious and interesting condition of relationship set
up, and Michael and his bride entitled to credit for es
tablishing a precedent. We congratulate the happy
pair, and hope they may live happily ever afterward.
There is no occasion for wonder that one of the
bicycle racers is near the point of death. Consider
the fact that several of them seem well, and marvel at
that.
So far as we have been able to observe General
Miles has nothing to take back.
The great rush out of the Klondike seems to be
fully justified-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
THE legfl argument against the acquisition and
retention of the Philippines has been clearly
broup !.* home to the American people. It rests
both on principle and upon irrefragable authority.
That a government, existing only under the consti
tution, could acquire possessions, to which the con
stitution would not extend or exclusive of its sanc
tions, is a proposition that American babes and suck
lings are too intelligent to entertain. That either a
rule for imperial colonization or the right to absorb
Asiatic territory and barbarous and mongrel popula
tions can be found in the constitution, expressly or by
implication, is purely an invented falsehood.
But upon the score of policy alone, as distinguished
from the constitutional argument, the attitude of the
United States toward these revolutionary schemes, un
less a national somersault is achieved, is definite and
unalterable. The argument for the purchase of Flor
ida was put by John Quincy Adams on the ground of
contiguity, and even as to contiguous and desirable
territory, accretion and not colonization was specifi
cally declared to be its purpose. It was Thomas Jef
ferson, isolated passages from whose writings have
been so strung together by expansionists as to be
converted into virtual forgeries, who in his inaugural
of 1801 warned our people against "entangling alii
ances." This great statesman and founder of the
Democratic party, canonized in all parties, while he
realized the necessity of acquiring Louisiana and an
outlet to the Gulf of Mexico, as a measure of defense
and to promote commercial development, nevertheless
believed that to legalize its purchase and to avoid the
creation of a dangerous precedent, an amendment to
the constitution was essential. On April 27, 1809, he
wrote to James Madison on the question of expan
sion by the peaceable acquisition of Cuba: "Nothing
should ever be accepted which tfould require a navy
to defend it." December 2, 1823, James Monroe, who
formalized the Monroe doctrine, .thich had been pro
posed by Jefferson and approve*! by Canning, the
British statesman, in his seventh sanual message em
ployed this language: "With the listing colonies or
dependencies of any European pouar we have not in
terfered and shall not interfere." In 1845 President
Polk in his first annual message reikliated the inten
tion of acquiring territory by conqu^it. December i,
1852, Edward Everett, addressing tli Spanish Minis
ter in relation to Cuba, defined "ge graphical prox
imity" and '"extension in this hemisphere" as limiting
any possible desire of the United State; -for expansion.
Writing to the President July 4, 1870, Mr. Fish, Sec
retary of State, in relation to our natinal sympathy
for revolutions in America against Span, which com
menced in 1810, put it on the ground "the new
states were, like ourselves, revolted c tonics," and
claimed that "this policy is not a polkAof aggres
sion." The same accomplished diploma%, address
ing Sir Edward Thornton, in his officaj capacity,
April 8, 1873, disclaimed any desire to a-^ex Hayti
because "the policy of the Government, as iclared on
many occasions in the past, has tended toviyd avoid
ance of possessions disconnected from the ti&in con
tinent." The ground of Mr. Seward's fi;-> against
French intervention in Mexico, as is well knArn, was
the application of the Monroe doctrine, wich ex
cluded" imperial conquests on this continent, v|ile re
stricting the United States from interferen|[ with
European powers in other parts of the worf On
these lines, and in allusion to our southern ne&bor,
June 21, 1881, Mr. Blame, Secretary of Sta^ ex
pressed the settled policy of the Government: "o| late
years the American movement toward fixhr' of
boundaries and abstention from territorial enlargttlent
has been so marked and so necessarily a part o^the
continental policy of the American republics that any
departure therefrom becomes necessarily a menace to
the interests of all." In February, 1884, Mr. Freliig
huysen, Secretary of State, again declining to entjf
tain Haytian proposals, indorsed the unbroken set i
ments of his predecessors: "A conviction that a fixed
dating back to the origin of our constitution^
government was considered to make it inexpedient ti
attempt territorial aggrandizement, which would re
quire maintenance by a naval force in excess of any
yet provided for our actual uses, has led the Govern
ment to decline territorial acquisitions." In his first
inaugural President Cleveland in speaking of San Do
mingo said: "Maintaining as I do the tenets of a line
of precedents from Washington's day, which pro
scribed entangling alliances with foreign states, I do
not favor a policy of acquisition of new and distant
tenitory or the incorporation of remote interests with
cur own." And September 7, 1885, Mr. Bayard, Sec
retary of State, and afterward Embassador to Great
Britain, asserted that "the policy of the United States,
declared and pursued for more than a century, dis- j
countenances and in practice forbids distant colonial
acquisition."
These brief extracts, to which hundreds of other
quotations from State papers, not excluding those of
Presidents Harrison and McKinley, could be added,
are all the emphatic voice of this Government under
administrations which represented every national
party since the end of the last century. They denounce
and reject acquisitions by conquest and acquisitions
through negotiations or purchase, unless on this
continent, contiguous and essential to the natural
growth of the country. They treat even the islands
of the Caribbea- Sea as beyond the scope of oor
rational ambition, regulated by our constitutional
obligations. They fail to sanction any territorial an
nexation except under and through the constitution
and with the purpose of constructing and admitting
American States. They demonstrate the abandon
ment of constitutional principles and the willful per
version of facts by the expansionists, who advocate
either imperial colonization or territorial enlargement
in Asia. Whatever novelties, based upon their own
views of expediency, they may employ in their effort
to gull the American people, they cannot rely either
on law or history. If projected revolution, based on
deliberate violations of the constitution arid of uniform
practice, does not embrace the elements of treason, to
what milder phraseology can it be wedded? To de
clare the constitution "a back number," to assert that
we "have outgrown it," to anathematize great jurists,
great statesmen and great constitutional writers as
"old grannies," to speak of nailing our flag to the
rotten mast of despotism, to deride the Declaration of
independence and the facts and the sentiments that
embody the results of American development and of
American civilization, to speculate, in the face of our
common schools, upon the ignorance of the Ameri
can people and to seek to lure them to their own de
struction, to blot out their successful and cemented
victory over European despotism may be endured
while Burns and Grant struggle together in the womb
of political debauchery, but while manhood, honor
and American fraternity survive it is to deserve if not
to invite the fate of Haman.
Senator Simpson has publicly denounced the press.
There was a feeling in the air that something was
about to happen, but timid people had hopes that it
would only be an earthquake.
Joaquin Miller has gone into vaudeville. Certainly
so decided an upward step is to be commended. He
was formerly in the Examiner
EXPANSION AND TREASON.
EQUITABLE GAS
COMPANY IS IN
FULL OPERATION
Annual Meetingof the
Directors.
REPORTS OF THE OFFICERS
SURPRISING RESULTS ACCOM
PLISHED DURING THE YEAR.
Company Organized, Plant Erected
and Manufacture of Cheap Light
and Fuel Already in
Progress.
The promise of genuine competition In
gaslight made by the Equitable Gaslight
Company has been fulfilled. The first an
nual meeting of the stockholders was
held yesterday afternoon In the company's
new offices. 516 California street, formerly
occupied by the Spring Valley Water
Company. A large number of stockhold
ers were In attendance, 156,000 shares out
of a total of 170,000 being represented, and
much enthusiasm was displayed over the
flattering prospects of the new company.
Charles L. Ackerman, the president,
welcomed the stockholders to the first
annual meeting of the Equitable Gaslight
Company, and said: "Every promise
made to you has been fulfilled. One year
ago to-day thin company was incorporated
for the purpose of manufacturing gas by
a new and simple process. Our sincerity
of purpose was doubted by many, and we
were bitterly antagonized by our rivals
from the first. But with a small paid in
capital to compete with the old estab
lished company having the confidence of
all, we have gone ahead until to-day we
are actively in the field, supplying cus
tomers with a better and cheaper illum
lnant than they have ever had before."
He spoke of the delays in getting cer
tain material from the East, as well as
the necessity of selecting a suitable site
for a plant, but notwithstanding those
drawbacks, and with their limited capital,
in eight months' time they were ready to
begin the manufacture of gas. The situa
tion of the plant at North Beach was
like the handle of a fan, from which di
verge the great lines of mains to every
part of the city. He continued:
The labor has been given to California in
dustry, with the exception or steel Bhells and
gas holders, which were procured from the
East. The plant has been erected with a
capacity larger thßn contemplated when start
ing, which was then believed would be 3,000,
--i».»> cubic feet in twenty-four hours, but as
a matter of fact the plant has a capacity
fully one-third larger than that.
A demonstration of the manufacture of the
gas was made on December 13, 1898, to the
stockholders of the company, and on that day
gas was made and put into the holders at
the rate of nearly 4000 cubic feet per minute—
a feat never before accomplished, as by the
ordinary method of manufacturing coal or
water gas it would take six times ac long
to make as much gas with a similar sized
plant.
The principal purpose of the company is to
supply gas for fuel, and happily in addition to
that it makes the best Illuminating gas that
ha« ever been seen In San Francisco. The
Idea of having fuel in gaseous form for domes
tic uses and for all purposes of manufacture
has been dominant in the minds of progressive
gas makers for the past twenty-five years,
and although millions of dollars have been
expended In the effort to make a gas hot
enough to be used as fuel and yet economical
enough to compete with coal, the efforts have,
In every Instance, been entire failures.
"We do not measure our business by what has
been done by the other gas companies of San
Francirco. Our purpose is to displace the use
of coal as fuel Rnd make this gas take its
place for all purposes for which it (coal) and
other fuels have heretofore been used. The
scope and extent of this business can hardly
be conceived at the present time.
It was stated that our plant would never
be built within the time contracted for it — but
it is standing on the old Selby smelting site,
a living reality. It was also stated that if
the plant was constructed no gas would ever
be made by this process; but it was made in
the presence of stockholders at the rate of
4000 cubic feet per minute. The charge was
further made that the gas would stratify and
not run 100 feet through the mains. It was
practically demonstrated that it runs 10,000
feet from the works at North Beach to the
intersection of Market and Stockton streets,
and it runs and furnishes light to 95 per cent
of all the storekeepers along the line of Stock
ton street to Market, and the l«-inch mains
now being but into Orant avenue will serve
to supply the customers of the company along
that street and all intersecting streets down to
the city front.
The last argument put forth by the enemies
ff this process is that it will consume twice
the quantity of the gas for the same amount
cf light per hour. Such a charge is hardly
I verth of refutation, and repeated tests have
! I sen made showing the mendacity of this state
( nent. Two miles from the works and in the
I irepence of a number of gas experts and board
! ( f directors a test was made at a prominent
llace with four different Welsbach burners,
the result being as follows:
Common
Cut
3
Common
2
Second—
Common
cut
3
Common
2
per 7-10 v, .'.,:•■■:.'
per hour 9-10 per 7-10
per 4% per hour.... feet
4% feet per hour..— .~"
per
light
pure feet 4%
per 3
(white)
light feet 5
Gas
, . :
| per feet
8-10 feet WW
6 feet
per feet
per feet
y. •■■''■- '"'tt' : ' '■::■■■■'''.'■'' '■■'•' '
per feet . . 3 4-5
per feet 6
filled)
per 3-10
Francisco and
Electric
Dr. J. W. Chisholm, vice president of
the company, addressed the memhCTs, ex
plaining the necessity for a cheaper fuel
for steam and heating purposes than coal,
and comparing the results obtained from
the new process of manufacturing goa
with those of coal.
"The enterprise which this company
represent? h;is such great possibilities—
the field for it is so extensive, the bene>
fits it offers to the people at large, so
apparent and far-reaching and the profit
and prosperity which its energetic prose
cution Insures to all its members so sat
isfactory, hat there may be a slight ex
cuse for the blind*and obstinate increduli
ty of some of Its detractors and slander
ers, as well as for their groundless mis
statements.'
The secretary then read his report,
showing the cost of construction of the
plant and the disbursements made by the
company. The report showed that seven
miles of mains have been laid, and that
there Is now being laid a 18-inch main
along the line of Grant avenue— intending
to supply that street and connections
both to the city front on the east and
Powell street on the west.
The report further showed that five
year contracts had been made with 3379
consumers, and that service pipes and
meters were being put in as fast as pos
sible, and although work has been in
progress but a few days a large number
of services have been put in and numer
ous customers connected and supplied
with gas. , . , -
The following directors were elected for
the ensuing year: C. L. Ackerman, Dr.
J. W. Chisholm. S. H. Tracy. Frank Pau
son, P. C. Siebe, A. C. Swain. Leon Blum.
All the acts of the directors during the
L past year were approved ana a voie 01
FREE LIBRARY
FOR SOLDIERS
Colonel Miley Hopes to
Have One at Manila.
T IEUTENANT COLONEL, J. D. MILKY, tT. B. A., who li Bfcortljr to pail
for Manila, will, when he arrives there. Inaugurate a scheme that will
be of the greatest benefit and pleasure to the soldifrs whn are defend-
J — / ing the Stars and Stripes in a foreign land, and whose pleasures are
few The scheme that Colonel Miley proposes to put in operation is to have
for the soldiers a free circulating library. It is his own idea, and he has
quietly discussed it with his friends. It has met with the approval of every
one with whom he hns talked. Colonel Miley said yestorday that he had
received material assistance from the Red Cross, and that others had also
assisted him. It is known that the Loyal Legion is interested in the scheme
of securing the library for the soldiers.
Colonel Miley has at present Borne funds on hand and also contributions.
He does not know just fit present exactly how he is going to operate the li
brary, but it is his Intention to secure a building for the purpose and run
the library on the Mine linos that they are operated in this country. He
expects to take with him, when he goes, a sufficient basis in the shape of
books with which to begin tho library. The papers and magazines will
also be subscribed to, and Colonel Miley hopes that many pap. rs will be
donated to the library, as it is impossible to have too many of them.
He says that the idea of having a circulating library was first suggest
ed to him by the fact that all of the letters received from the soldiers in
the Philippines complain of the scarcity of reading matter, and thnt rill the
soldiers have to read is what is sent them by friends and the contribu
tions of files of newspapers made by the papers. Colonel Miloy hopes to
arouse Interest in his scheme before he sails, as he would like to take
with 'him as large a supply of reading matter as possible.
thanks tendered them, after which the
meeting adjourned.
The directors met immediately after and
re-elected the present officers.
The new gas company occupies the en
tire building at 516 California street, the
main floor being devoted to the counting
room and for the display of gas stoves
of every description, meten» and other
appliances. The upper floors are used By
the officers and directors, while the base
ment is used for testing meters and as a
general supply and store room. The com
pany is rapidly extending its mains
through the business section and will
soon begin operations in the residence
sections.
NAVAL MILITIAMEN
HOLD A RECEPTION
ENTERTAIN THEIR FRIENDS ON
BOARD THE MARION.
Officers and Sailors From the lowa
Among the Guests — War
ship in Gala Attire.
Last night the United States ship Ma
rion, at her berth, Howard Street Wharf
No. 3, was bright with decorations, ban
ners and electric lights, the occasion for
the gala attire being the reception ten
dered by the men of the three divisions
of the Naval Militia, N. G. C, stationed
on board of her, to the officers of the
militia and other officers of the National
Guard, the officers and men of the lowa
and other friends of the men.
Canvas was spread overhead from stem
to stern, and to protect the visitors from i
the cool night air there was stretched all ',
around, from rail to upper canvas, sails j
which kept out the wind and made the !
vessel as pleasant as any ballroom. With
in there were dozens of potted plants ar
ranged on the decks, where they would j
appear to the best advantage, and the
foliage of green was set off by a liberal i
display of American flags, naval signals,
streamers and code signals, the latter be
ing arranged to read, "Welcome to the
men of the lowa."
At the front of the bridge on the poop j
deck there was displayed within the folds
of the Stars and Stripes, arranged by the
ship's, electrician, the initials, "N. M.,
N. G. C," in electric lights, and the re- !
flection of these fell upon a rapid-fire gun ;
surrounded by stacks of rifles, cutlasses i
and signals grouped with tasteful effect.
The beauty of the decorations . was
heightened by just enough electric lights
to show them off to advantage, and it was
the verdict of all who saw the pretty ar
rangement that the work of the tackles j
was deserving of a great deal of praise. |
About 700 invitations Were sent out and i
from the number of those who were on
board at the reception and promenade !
concert between the hours of 8 and 9 it
appeared that every one was . honored.
When the officers and men of the lowa
came on board they were received with j
a grand demonstration, not only by the
men of the ship, but by the civilians,
which must have convinced them that :
I San Franciscans admire the heroism of j
the men who faced the Spanish fire.
I After the visitors had enjoyed the con
cert music and inspected the ship above
and below there was dancing on the main j
and poop decks, the programme being in
terspersed with the rendition of negro
melodies by the Knickerbocker Male
Quartet and selections by the Golden Gate \
Musical Club. The dance programme in
cluded ten numbers, which kept the mer
ry gathering together until it was time
to give three cheers for the Father of
The °aff air" was exceedingly well man
aged and the men were encouraged by
the presence of the officers of the militia,
Captain Louis H. Turner, the commander,
acting as floor manager. His ■ assistants
were J. F. Murphy. T. Dewar and J. M.
Corcoran. The ship's crew, in neat uni
forms; constituted the reception commit
tee and did all that could be done to make
the guests comfortable. The committee
of arrangements was composed of James
C Kellv J. Frank Murphy, Harry r.
Sandy. James White -^hn Beattle. Har
rant" Thomas Dewar; and rf: W. Rouse
During the evening refreshments were
served and Captain Turner, Lieutenant
Commander Thomas A. Nerney. Lieuten
ant Commander and Chief Engineer G. A
Kinesland W. E. Elliott, lieutenant and
£de g Lieutenant and Surgeon Harris As-
Smith* Lieutenant Dennis. Lieutenants
Smith Lieutenant Dennis, Lieutenants
» GrU , Emanue, , Hartoe and Bon
K e amm a e n r d er E Bu?kl anTspeck held a re-
Ce &e n boy 8 th of elated with
was greater than e th a ff^e given last year.
CIGAR MAKERS REJOICING.
Objectionable Bevenue Buling Has
Practically Been Rescinded.
The cigar makers of this city are re
ioicing over a recent decision or ruling of
N B Scott, Commissioner of Internal
Revenue relative to dealers selling to
bacco in 'small quantities. Some time ago
he directed that dealers should not sell to
the manufacturers in quantities of less
than a bale, box or a package, and con
sidering that the original packages cost
from $200 up this ruling meant that tho
small cigar makers would have to shut up
S *Strenuouß efforts were made by the local
commercial bodies to have the ruling
modified, and the following dispatch from
Washington shows that the desired ob
ject has been accomplished:
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 21, 1899.
Georee A. Newhall. Vice President Chamber
of Commerce, San Francisco: Dealers in leaf
tobacco can repack thetr tobacco and make
bales and cases of thrir own such size and
weiKht as will anticipate the wants of the
trade, but cannot break packages and retail
therefrom in quantities called for, put up anl
delivered at time of sale.
ae ' H. B. SCOTT, Commissioner.
TO INSPECT SAILING VESSELS
Law Affecting All Carrying Passen
gers Goes Into Effect July 1.
Captains Bolles and Bulger, tTnitei
States Inspectors of Steam Vessels, we.'c
officially notified yesterday by the f.e
partment at Washington that on and if
ter July 1 of this year sailing vessel; of
over 700 tons gross and other vessels and
barges of over 100 tons gross, carding
passengers for hire, must have their hulls
inspected and certified by the loc*l in
spectors of steam vessels: that rrfLster3
and chief mates of such vessels mipt also
be examined and licensed by the lJcal in
spectors.
Local inspectors will receive applica
tions to examine and issue licenses to
masters and chief mates on or about May
1. Failure to have the hull of a sailing 1
vessel lnsppcted will subject the owner
to a penalty of $.V>o and masters and
mates to a fine of $10(1. Local inspectors
may under the law grant licenses for sail
ing vessels of over 7M tons on receipt of
satisfactory documentary evidence that
said masi.rs and mates have been act
ually employed afl BUch officers on vessels
of the tonnage namod for tthc full period
of twelve months preceding the applica
tion for license, provided that surh offi
cers shall be found upon examination to
be free from color-blindness.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
J. 8. Kills of Butt*? is a guest at tho
California.
J. P. Cudahy. the Chicago millionaire,
is at the Palace.
Richard White, a prominent Chico citi
zen, is at the Grand.
B. M. Vaughan and wife of Denver are
guests at the California.
C. F. Street of New York is registered
at the Palace with his wife.
G. W. Gove, a hotel and mining man of
Seattle, Is staying at the Lick.
E. M. Mix, a wpll-known merchant of
Stockton, is located at the Russ.
Thomas R. Bard of Hueneme will be at
the Occidental for a short time.
B. Galloway, a cattleman of Walnut
Creek, is registered at the Russ.
S. Bert Cohen, a merchant of Carson
City, Nev., is a guest at the California,
L. Benson, a merchant of Portland, Ore.,
is registered £t the Grand with his fam
ily.
E. A. Strout. an insurance man of Seat
tle, is at the Occidental, accompanied by
his wife.
Conrad I* Hoska, Coroner of Tacoma,
Wash., and M. Michael, a Woodland mer
chant, are at the Grand.
P. S. Lenhart, president of the Yreka
Mill and Mining Company, is making the
Grand his headquarters.
Charles and James Summers and George
Watterson, cattlemen from the Interior
of the State, are at the Russ.
Judge C. U. Sterry of Los Angeles, at
torney for the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe road, is at the Palace.
George H. Warfleld, cashier of the Bank
of Healdsburg. and son of General R. H.
Warfield, is visiting his father at the Cali
fornia.
ML Theodore Kearney, a Fresno vlne
yardist, and George S. Nixon, a banker of
Winnemucca, Nev., are registered at the
Palace.
J. D. Lauman, a business man of Seat
tle, and E. Dinkelspiel, a Bakersfield mer
chant, are two of the arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
E. C. Farnsworth. an attorney of Vlsa
lia, and George E. Stickle, a merchant of
Angels Camp, are among the arrivals at
the Lick.
Albert Hansen. a jewelry manufacturer
of Seattle, and Captain J. A, Mellon, who
operates a line of ferryboats on the Colo
rado River, are at the Lick.
J W. Arrott, a prominent Pittsburg
manufacturer, is at the Occidental with
his son. He is awaiting the arrival of
another son who is coming by way of
Cape Horn, and the three will then make
a tour of the State.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK-
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— James K. Wil
son of San Francisco Is at the Windsor.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TWO LENGTHS— W. M., City. The
length of the United States steamship
lowa is 360 feet and that of the Chitosa
(Japanese) is 402 feet.
PAPERS FROM HOLLAND— A. R. S.,
City. This department is unable to find
any one in this city who keeps a file of
any of the papers published in Holland.
A TEN-CENT PIECE— Mrs. C. G. T.,
Oakland, Cal. A 10-cent piece of 1827- is
not one of those coins that will bring the
possessor a fortune. Dealers do not make
any offer for such and they will sell such
for 25 cents.
GAS COMPANY DEPOSIT— A. S., City.
It has been decided that a gas company
In San Francisco has no right to demand
a deposit from any one desiring to have
gas introduced in the premises to be oc
cupied. The matter has been appealed,
but as yet there has not been a decision
in support or against that decision.
PREFERRED 7 PER CENT—Anambu
lus, Frer.ch Camp, Cal. "Preferred 7 per
| cent" as applied to the stock of a cor
poration means that certain stock known
as "preferred stock" is the first to receive
dividends, the same being paid to holders
of that kind of stock before any is paid,
to the holders of common stock.
• m •
Treat your Eastern friends to Town
send's California glace fruits; 50c lb in fire
etched boxes or Jap baskets. 627 Market.*
/ •- ■ .* • — ■ ♦ «
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Baldwin Again Sued.
James K. Lynch filed suit yesterday
against E. J. Baldwin to recover $38,000 on
a promissory note dated November 30,
:896, with interest at 7 per cent. Lynch
also filed suit against Baldwin and H. A-
Unruh to recover $1000 on a promissory
note dated April 13, 1898.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething: with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the Bums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from . teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sura and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25e a bottle.
. .. ■ m ■ ■ ■
HOTEL DEL, CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.CYCLER GIMM'S
CONDITION IS
MUCH IMPROVED
Will Recover if All
-'*W W W * M
•■•. . Goes Well.
"DOPE" STORY DISCREDITED
. itcFAELAND AND ELKES MEET
\/• . TO-NIGHT.
v Will Be a Fifteen Mile Match, Paced
■/*. by Twenty Tandem Teams.
Other Events Pro
'• . .- ; grammed.
- Louis Gimm, the six-day bicycle rider,
who •■■— said to be so seriously ill Sun
. day night after the race and Monday,
wa? reported to be much improved yes
•terday though there were symptoms of
■■ lypnoid fever developing.
-': , TV> ° managers of the meet state that in
•their opinion Gimm's condition was great
... y exaggerated; that he unfortunately fell
. -Jcto the hands of a doctor who had never j
■had a case before and who was wise !
. enough to see in this one great possibili- j
ties. If he cured a man who was only
tired out from a long ride, little credit i
would result, whereas if he brought to j
life, a man who was almost at death's
door, from alleged "dope," enlarged heart. j
'/valvular expansion of the wishbone and j
other serious complaints, he would at
•once become famed as a physician and ;
taki.' his place among the eminent practl- ',
. tloners of the day. Hence the reason for !
\ the 'great mysteriousness about Gimm's
: room at the hotel, and the order forbid
ding any one to enter.
Nevertheless a Call reporter did man
, -age to see him yesterday, and found him
on the. fair read to recovery from his re- i
cent overexertion. His temperature is
. much lower and his pulse more regular,
and if no complications set in he will soon
be well again.
The other riders in the six-day race are I
up and about town, as fit as could be
- desired. They are all ready and anxious
to start In the big 24-hour race next Sat
•; urday night. None of them thinks any
one gave Gimm "dope." and all scout the
idea that such a trick was perpetrated.
The meet opens again to-night, the fea
ture of the evening's sport being a fifteen- !
•mile, match between Harry Elkea of New
York and Floyd McFarland of California, j
paced by twenty tandem teams. Both
■ men were at the track all day yester- '
day. practicing- pick-ups and speed be
hind the pacing machines, and from the
gait they maintained to-night's race
should be a speedy affair.
There will also be a tandem match race
between Downing and Cotter of Califor
nia and Eaton and Goodman of New
York, both champions in the tandem
class. A half-mile handicap will give the j
amateur riders a chance to show their
speed, and the professionals will be
brought together in a mile handicap. In
this latter event many of the men who
rode in the recent six-day race will com
. pete just to show that they are not yet j
"dead ones."
Teddy Halo, the Irish champion, is go- '
• ing .home to the Emerald Isle in a tew j
■ -days. There will not be another long
distance race in America for another year,
and' as Teddy is only at his best in these
■events, and there is nothing else for him
to' do, he thinks he will go home until
■ next fall and come back for the next one
"then. .
' A Vie race meet will be held at San Jose
on the track of the Garden City Wheel
men o"n Saturday and Sunday. March 3
• and 4, at which all of the Eastern men
■ will compete. They will then go to Fres
no and into Southern California, return- ]
ing- for a brief meet of a couple of days
.- here late in March before leaving for the .
East via Portland, Denver, St. Paul and j
• Minneapolis.
"Dutch" Waller Is anxious to race Tom
Barnaby for 100 miles, paced, and as that
''is Barnaby 'a distance the match may be
■put on. Waller is particularly desirous
■ of showing his Oakland and Alameda '■
friends what he can do and how much he
is improved since he left there years ago.
It is not generally known that Four
hler rode a mile in 1:43 on the Pavilion
■• track with his motor cycle last Satur
-■ day' night, in a pursuit race against a
tandem. Jimmy Michael and Harry Elkes
-caught the time and will bank on its cor
• reetness. As the race itself lasted con
siderably more than a mile, the official
timers did not time the mile itself, but
the actual distance ridden, so they missed ,
this remarkable performance. It only |
goes to show the possibilities of the ma
chine when the Frenchman throws cau
tion to the winds. : ~ ;^.,
■ William A. Brady, one of the promoters
..-of the- big meet, left for the East last
'night. He was the recipient of many mes
sages of condolence yesterday on account
' df the loss of his boy. who died in New
York Monday night. Mr. Powers and Mr.
Kennedy, Brady's associates, will remain
• hero for some little time.
Brady stated shortly before leaving that ;
hi. was so well satisfied with his recep- j
tion here that he would return next ;
vnrir.g and hold another race meet, bring
ing with him whatever new champions ;
are developed in the meantime.
? James Galvin. Michael Garritty and
'George Wilson, who trained Teddy Hale
, for. the six-day bicycle race, applied to j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S FACE
|f MASS OF SORES.
'. They Almost Closed Her Eyes.
Physicians of No Benefit.
Healed by CUTICURA.
'"■When my little sister was four months old
"' her cheeks became red and Inflamed, small
.* pimples broke out over her face and it was
• «rie mass of scabs, which almost closed her
•eye* and reached into the corners or her mouth.
• • For several weeks a physician attended her.
but a* she derived little or no benefit from his
treatment we searched for other means. Ti\ c
'■' Vv -j^ht a cake of Cuticura Soap and a box of
■ . Cuflcura (ointment). Hnr face healed and she
crew healthy again. You can us. this letter
' as" a'-te'stimonial. ROSA BURGER
• - Btarch IS IMS. Solomon, Kan.
' ■'. SiKned by parents,
' ■-. -V • -FRED BURGER, MRS. C. BURGER.
TETTER ON HANDS
'■£-'.- !, CURED BY CUTICURA.
■'•'. ' ' I • had Tetter on my hands for two y«»ars.
My hands were all cracked to pieces, and bled
' -so that I could not decently dress myself, and
they itched terribly. I tried everything; but
■ • ".nothing seemed to do me any good. I tried
I 'the -Cuticura remedies and they are so much
" " better that they no longer bother me at all.
• - ."sALLIE E COPELAND. Woodland. M, C.
• Sept. 17, IS9B.
:•'• • Cuticura Resolvent, greatest of blood puri-
■ flers and humor cures, internally (to cleanse
•• the blood of all Impurities and poisonous ele-
" .-rireri'ts) with warm baths with Cuticura Soari
• - followed by gentle anointings of Cuticura. the
•re&t skin cure externally (to clear the skins
'•.Ind scalp and restore the hair), will instantly
- relieve and speedily cure the most torturing
■•■disfiguring humors of the skin, scalp, and
• Wool.- with loss of hair, when all else falle.
-:• : '
•• BoM throughout the world. Potter Drug and
° .Chem. Corp.. Props.. Boston. •'All About
.- Baby's Skin," free.
'•'"' DIMDI EC blotches, blackheads, red, rough.
rlifirLrO my pkin. red. rough hands with
shapeless nails and painful finger ends, pre-
vented by CuUcura Soap, greatest of skin puri-
' *"\qm and beautifying soaps.
Judge Graham yesterday afternoon for a
warrant for Hale's arrest, claiming he was
about to leave the city without paying
them for their labors. Galvin says he" was
promised $30 and Garritty and Wilson $15
each. The Judge said he would take the
matter under advisement until to-mor
row and meantime they might be able
to get a settlement.
EAGLETS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
A New Subordinate Lodge of the Or-
' i .; i ' der Is Organized.
San Francisco Lodge No. 5 of the Fra
ternal Order of Eagles was instituted last
Sunday night by Grand Vice President
John W. Considine, Grand Organizer J.
C. Mitchell and other visiting members of
Seattle Lodge No. 1. with a membership
of 168. At the next meeting there will be
considered the applications of seventy
eight individuals who desire to become
birds of a feather. ■■■ _
The following named are the officers,
with the prefix "worthy" before the title,
who were installed for the first term:
Past president. Thomas H. Lindsey: pres
ident, Harry Baehr; vice president, Ed
L. Wagner; secretary, Gus Pohlmann;
treasurer, William Clack; conductor,
James S. Cannon; inner guard, G. J.
Crowley; trustees— M. S. Connor, James
T. Cheotham and Charles M. Fisher; pry
sicians—Dr. Ed Bunnell and Dr. J. J.
Keefe.
After the installation and the routine
business the lodgeroom became a nest of
merry eagles, who feasted, sang songs,
recited, smoked and shrieked with delight
when a dispatch, of which the following
is a copy, was read:
The mother lodge. Seattle No. 1. sends greet
ings to her baby, San Francisco Lodge No. 5.
May your wings soon grow strong and be fitted
to po"ar Into the limitless atmosphere of uni
versal freedom, "untrampled" by prejudice or
superstition. By order of the lodge.
GEORGE M. HOLLO WAT.
Acting President.
It is expected that during the month of
March there will be a lodge instituted in
each of the following places: Oakland,
San Jose. Stockton, Sacramento, Los An
geles and Fresno.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln ets. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tuo Daihs. Saltwater direct from ocean.
On the Local Links.
To-day will be a great day for our
local golfers. At San Rafael the ilower
of Marin County society will gather at
the opening of the new quarters of the
golf club, and there will be numerous
competitions and practice games among
the members.
There will also be a scratch tourna
ment, match play, open to ladles and
eentlemen, on the Adams Point links.
Several entries have already been re
ceived and others will enter this morn
ing Each -competitor will pay an en
trance fee of $1. which will go toward the
purchase of a prize.
On the links of the San Francisco Golf
Club there will be an open competition
for men, match play, at eighteen holes.
■ -» »
Dr. D' Evelyn, returned from the East. Office,
Phelan building. •
Stole a Stradivarius.
Richard Siebe, a woodturner, was ar
rested yesterday by Detective Ed Gibson
and Officer G. P. Chase and charged at the
City Prison with grand larceny. He is
s.-cused by Benedict Smith of appropri
ating the iatter's violin, which he valued
at $150.
J. J. Valentine will talk on "Expansion"
to-night at Y. ML C. A. Hall. Public in
vited. *
A Good Catch.
Fi?h and Gfime Warden J. Fallon went
to Mission Bay yesterday and captured
Ah Charley, Ah Hoy and Ah Tye, three
Chinamen, who were unlawfully fishing
with sunken nets. He also secured eight
nets as evidence.
Keith's this Thurs.. Fri. and Sat. See
how to get good effects cheap. Keith's. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Feb. 21, 1899.—Forty-ninth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
JAMES A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
■— /~|Q FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $37,0.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.]
4m.
Km.
Str.
678 Socialist. 4 106. 5
696 Two Cheers, a 94 } 4
636 Bliss Rucker, 4 94! 1
6*4 Henry C, 4 971 2
fill Bessie Lee, 4 194 j 8
279 Malnbar, 4 106 9
684 Beau Monde, 4 94 3
... Heritage, 6 109 7
fill Averine, 4 196 6
579 Paul Kruger. 4 96 12
612 Lomo. 5 '. 109:19
... Los Troncos, 5 109111
497 Byron Cross, 4.. 106113
4 3 4 4
5 4 5 4
1 % 14
« 2 .64
7 4 8 4
3 1 3 1
2 h 2 4
11 4 9 1
10 2 7 4
12 10 6 •
9 1 11
» 4 12
13 13
1 n Macklin
2 1 McNichols ...
3 h Devin
4 10 Gray
6 1 Holmes
6 4 Ellis
7 2 J. Ward
8 W. H. Martin
9 Snider :..
10 Basslnger ....
11 iBullman
12 Beauchamp ..
13 Walsh
5-2 3
6 6
6-2 5-2
10 25
10 20
20. 30
19 12
10 9
8 10
12 »0
6 12
30 40
50 100
Time— 4, :24K: 4. :494: K. 1:154. Winner, J. McManus' b. g. by St. Carlo- Anarchy.
Good start. ' Won first three driving.
Socialist -was best. Bliss Rucker's wind went back on him. Malnbar was a bit short.
Beau Monde only stopped last sixteenth. Averine ran Ilka a "lobster." «
Scratched— Carrie U 107.
*** f\C* SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
... Eddie Jones. 4 109 2
6*0 Meadow Lark, a — 104 I
617 Geo. H. Ketcham, 5.104 3
C;^ Rosemald, 4 99 6
■80 Bonlto, 4 104 4
67« Truxillo. 5 112 11
fiSO Polish. 5 107 9
612 Melkarth, 4 101! 8
678 Baliverso. 4 191 7
633 Distinction, 5 107 5
632 Merry Boy, 5 104 10
2 1
5 4
3 4
6 1
4 2
8 h
10 4
11
7 1
1 4
9 h
1 1
4 4
3 3
6 2
a 2
5 4
93
10
74
2 h
11
1 2
3 1
2 3
5 4
6 l"
8 4
9 1
11
7 1
4 h
10 2
1 2
32
2 1
4 3
5 h
6 4
74
9 1
10 2
8 1
11
1 14 iThorpe I 9-5 4-5
2 1 II. Powell S j 20
3 24 Bullman 7-5 ; 9-5
4 4 "Gray 20 . 60
6 4 W. H. Martin 8 39
6 2 H. Martin 8 20
7 4 IFrawley - 15 ■ 30
8 4 McNlchols ... / 30 100
9 3 (Walsh 100 200
10 4 IRutter 8 25
11 lEllla M M
Time— 4. :13;' K. i*Wk'. 4. 1:02; 4, 1:28. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse' s br. h. by Mo-
rello-Falry Rose". Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner had the class over his field. . Meadow Lark was nicely ridden. Ketcham was
not backed. Bonlto la improving. Truxillo likes the mud. Too far for Distinction.
Scratched— Naranja 107.
"710 THIRD RACE— furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index Rone.
ndex. Horse. Weight. ISt. .
646 Flamora 119 2
703 Ice Drop 198 3
... Big Horn 113' 1
tot Blsquoo 1091 4
646 Pidaila 103 6
613 Rlxford 10S 5
60S Champion Rose V* 7
... Senator Ashe 110' 8
... Solace l 110 9
... Dr. Bebee 113 *
Weight.
Km.
Km.
Hra.
4m.
Km.
Km.
Str.
1 2
22
3 2
4 1
E 2
6 2
7
t
+
Str.
Fin. ( Jockeys, i j
1 2 Bullman ......
2 24 IPenny
3 4 (Turner :.".!
4 1 JHennessv ....
I 2 XV. H. Martin
6 3 Rutter
7 ■" W. Narvaez..
IFrawley
... . Thorpe
Hal Brown....
6
5
5
5
5
10
25
15
2
10
2
7
12
4
6
IS
60
49
5
59
'Ha!
•Left. Pulled up. *»_«*, - , *
Time— :12K: 4, :364. Winner. E. W. Pursers ch. f. by Flambeau-Fannie Lewis.
Good start except Dr. Bebee. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Start a bungling one. Half of the riders pulled up. Flamora had all the best of it.
Ice Drop melted away at the end. Big Horn Is a promising one. -
711.
FOURTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400. [ ■
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight.!
Std.
Km. 4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
6"3 Gotobed. 4 99' 2 2h 2h 2h 2 14 11 1*4 Holmes 14-5 7-10
698 Alicia 6 99 1 12 12 11 14 3 2 2 3 IDevln 6 11
700 Tom Calvert, 4 104.6 6 I 52 32 2 h 34 E.Jones .... . 4 7
■m Code 6 1041 3 32 3h 44 44 4 1) ** W.H.Martin 5 5
• 696 Claudiana, 5 99: 5 44 5 h 6 6 El 52 I. Powell 10 30
227 Personne, 5 108| 4 51 4 2 3 1 5 2 6 6 __ |Thorpe_....._ L J_8 12
Time— 1-16, :06KiE-16. -.314:9-16. :564: 13-16. 1:22; mile. 1:414: 1 l-16m. 1:474. Winner.
J F Fogg's b. h. by Imp. St. Andrew-Termagent. Good start. Hon first three driving.
' Holmes on the winner, had the race in hand from the start. Gaiety nearly lost it.
Alicia made a spanking good run. Tom Calvert Is rounding to. The stable did not like
Personne. Not a strange coincidence. Coda badly ridden.
TIO FIFTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
( 1Z* purse. $400.- - ______ ._■ >__ • ■ ■
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.)
4m.
Km.
'Str.
Fin.,
Jockeys. '
(615) Dunois. 5........ 10a 4
(625) Dr. Sheppard, 5 112 2
(664) O'Connell, a Ill 3
611 mganltta, B.......100] 1
3 10
2 2
1 2
4
3 10
I 1
1 3
4
3 20
2 1
i m
4
3 30
2 h
IK
4
1 n IH. Martin I 8-5 1
2 34 Thorpe 6-5 9-5
3 40 PIggott 3 3
4 I Holmes ... | 300 300
Time— 1-11 064: 3-16, :17K: 7-16, :41K; 11-16, 1:07; 74*. 1:32%. Winner, T. H. Ryan's b.
h by Imp. Florist-Becky B. Good start. Won first three driving. . . .
' O'Connell was in simply to make the pace. Then Dunois outsprlnted the Doctor to the
patient. It was an attractive piece of patchwork.
Scratched— Melvln Burnham 105. - - '
,_|q SIXTH Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
!
Index. .Horse.
Weight.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
477 The Pride.... 10312 ...11 14 13 13 Martin 8-2 2
i «8 Tlburon I*]*" — 3 Vi 2 4 2 3 23 Gray 18 25
(fi&Flsin .. ........ .m 9 ... » "■* sh 3 ns Rutter • 4 12
til Yaruba" 1934 ... 4 3 3 1 6 2 4 2 'Bullman 10 10
Am Charmante "'.:.• 101' 3 ... 72 *4 6 3 5 4 W.H.Martin 30 100
*_ VI Fstro ....... ..101 1 ... . 2 4 4 1 4n «1 IDevln 8-5 7-5
.5 Tir5 .'"..... 107, 8 ... 84 9 8 4 7 IMacklin ...... . 4 12
Wi Racebud ... 102 1 « ... 6 *4 « 2 7 ** * Frawley 15 80
% Purnlah -.. 104J 5 ■■■ Sh 7 4 » 9 Jones 1 " »
— V-rime-To v * "21%: to % ' 46; ,ast % ' 1:014; short K. I:"- Winner. J. ' v V "en'« b. *• by
nindee-Peeswlng. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
VThe Pride was roistered first and was assigned the parlor suite. El Estro was knocked
tnVer knees on back stretch by Tlburon. She could not have won. anyway. "tVas stum-
bllrt all the way. Purniah was ridden "the overland." Tirade had no speed. Charmante
W *fetcn«d^onDalton 103. Th. Miller 108- •
2
9
4
>
1
8
6
5
1 1
34
9
4 3
7 2
• 2 4
8 4
64
5 It
1 4
2 4
8 1
3 1
8 4
4 1
9
6 2
74
1 3
2 3
8 h
6 2
6 3
. 4 n
8 4
7 4
9
13 H. Martin
2 3 Gray
• 3 rts I Rutter
4 2 'Bullman
5 4 W. H. Martin
6 1 jDevln
7 'Macklin ......I
8 IFrawley
9 I Jones I
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
DR. SHEPPARD
OUTFOOTED BY
FLEET DUNOIS
And Another Record
Broken.
THREE FAVORITES IN FRONT
GOTOBED BACKED OFF THE
BOARDS.
Eddie Jones Scored the First Time
Flamora Heavily Backed for
the Two-Year-Old Scramble.
The Pride ill Front.
Still another record -went, a-glimmering
at Oakland track yesterday. On Octo- !
ber 17, 1895, Mamie Scott, a scrawny look- j
Ing selling- plater, covered seven and a j
half furlongs over the old Bay District
track in l:33Vi, since which time it has !
stood as the mark for that distance. In j
the fifth event at the track over the bay
Dunois. the crack piece of racing bric-a- i
brae from Tom Ryan's stable, made Dr. j
Bheppard take some of his own medicine, (
and in so doing- reduced the record to j
1:32};. The betting on the race was i
noisy from the beginning— the fiercest of j
.the afternoon. Dr. Sheppard opened fa- j
vorite at 6 to 5, and from force of the
general public's money his price was j
hoisted to 9 to 5. The skirmishers and
the chosen few Bet theirs down on Du
nois, forcing his price down from 11 to 5
to even money. O'Connell was also a
starter in the race, but, to use a gam
bling phrase, was only the "fall guy."
Having chopped out a fast clip to the
| stretch for the Doctor to follow, he
picked up his lunch-can and strolled !
home. "Skeets" Martin, on Dunois. then
challenged Sheppard, and. despite
Thorpe's vigorous work, led him out a
neck. It was a programme carried out
without hitch or flaw.
This was the only eventful feature of
the sport. Favorites again took three !
purses.
Bliss Rucker closed favorite for the j
opening event, at six furlongs, and after
leading to the stretch finished third. So- I
cialist, well ridden by Macklin, and sec
ond choice in the betting, won driving
from Two Cheers.
The brown Morella colt Eddie Jones j
made his first start this season in the ■
seven-furlong run that followed. Backed ;
down to favoritism, Thorpe had him in !
front almost from the start, and won
easily. Meadow Lark disposed of George ,
H. Ketchum for second place.
The three-furlong dash for maiden
2-year-olds proved a fizzle. Purser's filly
Flamora was backed from sixes down to ;
2 to 1. and she, together with Ice Drop
and Big Horn, was about the only one
that got away from the post. Through
some misunderstanding most of the oth
ers pulled up. Flamora won easily from
Ice Drop.
The books were scorched over the result
of the mile and a sixteenth selling run.
Gotobed, ridden by Holmes, was backed
to a standstill at short odds and, out
classing his field, led Alicia over the line
by half a length. Tom Calvert took the
show from the badly ridden Coda.
The famed Santa Anita stable furnished
the favorite for the concluding sprint. El
Estro, backed up from 6 to 5 to 8 to 5
and begging, was bumped and landed far
beyond the coin. The Pride, from Ryan's
stable, heavily played, won all the way.
Tiburon, an outsider, was second.
Track Notes.
The Thornton stake at four miles will
be decided to-day.
Fred Foster said if Dr. Sheppard was
beaten a record would be lowered.
If used in one, the recall flag should be
used in all 2-year-old events.
The finish in the closing event between j
Elsin and Yaruba for the show was very
close. The former was very heavily
backed, but many thought Yaruba was
there ahead of Blaketey's horse.
To-Day Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds;
selling.
691 Wood Robin 102 691 Con Dalton 11l
477 Festoso 117 702 Gilt Edge 114
618 Sidelong 114 612 Engea 102
691 Strombolita ....112 i 612 Na^ian 104
642 Guatemoc 104; 602 Diara 117
Second Race— furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
682 Judge Stou£fer..ll3 702 Campus 107
6"4 Doremus 102 637 Gauntlet 107
7"2 Una Colorado... 119 704 None Such IIS
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward.
704 New Moon 104 696 McFarlane 105
689 Brown Prince. ..l'll 679 Rapldo 106
(644) Peter II 109 700 Joe Mussle 109
624 Earl Cochran.. 696 Charlie RelfC....lot>
705 Byron Cross 101 638 Ko Ko 106
696 Roadrunner 109
Fourth Race— Four miles: three-year-olds and
upward; the Thornton Stakes; value, $3000.
6SB The Bachelor. ..;ll3 706 Buckwa ....113
616 Reolta 104) 702 Vim 86
554 Vela* 112 701 Mistleton 109
<701) David Tenny 113! 700 Sardonic ... 104
(69S)What-er Lou 11 \_
Fifth Race— and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing.
696 Wheel Fortune..lo4'<eW>Ma*nus 101
603 Hardly 99 704 Amelia F0n50...104
700 Imperious 101 (697)0ur Climate 106
705 Lost Girl 104:
Sixth Race— furlongs; three-year-olds.
- 669 Genua ' 105 (623)Horton 112
648 The Wooer 107 454 OUnthus 112
(647)Gualala 112 592 Sam McKeever.los
. . . Formero 105 : i
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Con Dalton, Napian, Sidelong.
Second Race— Gauntlet, None Such, Una
Colorado.
Third Race— New Moon, Karl Cochran, Peter
the Second.
Fourth Race— David Tenny. Veloz, Reolta,
Fifth Race— Hardly, Wheel of Fortune, Im
perious.
Sixth Race— Sam McKeever, Horton, Olinthus.
• : .
Five Favorites in Front.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 21.— Weather fine
to-day and track heavy. Five favorites
won. Results:
First race, selling, one mile and twenty
yards Elkin won, Annie Teuton second,
Lauretta D third. Time, 1:53.
Second race, seven furlongs. Danny X
won, Jimp second, Bright Night third.
Time, 1:36\. - ,
Third race, selling, seven furlongs.
Prince Harry won. Bishop Reed second.
Pinky Potter third. Time, l:36*i.
Fourth race, selling, one mile and a six
teenth. Aunt Maggie won. School Girl sec
ond. Nannie L third. Time, l:67tt.
Fifth race, selling, one mile, Gaslin won. :
Mouseltoff second, Lady Disdain third. ]
Time, 1:51. , „,
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs, Simon
D won. Locust Blossom second, Halton
third. Time, l:19?i.
STBUVEN-COLOMBET.
A Fashionable Social Event in the
Garden City.
In San Jose, at the home of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Co- j
lombet. Miss Clemintina J. Colombet
and Mr. Frederick C. Struven were
united in marriage on Wednesday,
February 8, at noon. The house inte
rior was redolent of flowers and cool
with the greenery of palms and ferns, j
In the large parlors were graceful |
drapings of smilax and rich carnations j
and banks of violets graced every nook |
and corner. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. Alfred Kummer,
pastor of the First Methodist church.
Miss He'ene Kelley presided at the or
gan and during the services played
"O Promise Me." The bride wore an
elaborate gown of white silk, the high i
corsage, skirt and sleeves trimmed with :
ruchings of white chiffon and orange j
blossoms. She carried a bouquet of |
bride roses and was attended by Miss
Charlotte Colombet and Miss Minnie |
Struven. In the afternoon from 2to .
4 a reception was held and elaborate
refreshments were served in the dining
room. The guests numbered several ,
hundred. Later the newly wedded pair j
left for their honeymoon at Del Monte j
and Santa Cruz. The bride is one of <
the most charmins and popular of San j
Jose's society belles. The groom is well
and favorably known in San Francisco,
being a member of the big carpet firm
of Pattosien & Co.
In the Divorce Courts.
Louise Lawton was granted a divorce
from Augustus Lawton yesterday on the
ground of willful neglect. The custody
of a minor child was granted Mrs. Law
ton Harry P- Wallis was granted a di
vorce from Helen Wallis on the ground
of habitual intemperance. Annie White,
colored, was granted a divorce from Bur
rill White on the ground of willful neg
lect. Minnie E. Carnes was granted a
divorce from John E. Carnes on the
ground of infidelity. _
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Laura E. Adams against George M.
Adams for desertion; Sylvian Jalhert
against Rosalie Jalbert, for intemper
ance- Louise C. Bianchi against Peter
Bianchi, for failure to provide; Grace
Samuel against George W. Samuel, for
infidelity; Elizabeth J. Cothey against
Charles C. Cothey, for failure to provide;
Frank H. Sovereign against Grace Sov
ereign, for desertion, and Mary E. Ellis
from Frank H. Ellis, for cruelty.
Beat a Small Boy.
Officer McMurry of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children is in
vestigating a peculiar case of a man's
brutality to a small boy. The lad. who
is 9 years of age, lives with his mother at
2>4 Ellis street. On Monday evening he.
In company with some other children, was
In front of Smith's furniture store on El
lis street near Mason, when he was set
upon by one of Smith's clerks and severe
ly beaten. Officer McMurry. who was a
block away, heard the child's cries, but
when he reached the place the affair was
over. The man claimed thr> lad was
jumping upon the trunks on the sidewalk.
Officer McMurry says he will get a war
rant for the man's arrest to-day.
Protest Against a Nuisance.
The warm -weather has intensified the
nuisance at the foot of Fillmore street,
where an inclosed basin is maintained by
the Fair estate. Among the protestants
at the Mayor's office yesterday were W.
F. Herrin and Rev. Dr. Adams 01 the
First Congregational Church. Two weeks
ago the managers of the Fair estate
promised to make an opening in the sea
wall to admit the tide freely. Mayor
Phelan has requested Dr. A. P. O'Brien
to investigate the place after this is done
and to report as to whetner it is an ad
equate remedy. The point of complaint
is looked upon as a veritable plague epot.
"Shake Hands and Tell Tour Papa
Good-By" is the latest coon hit. On
sale at Mauvals, 769Marketstreet. •
Married His Mother-in-Law.
Michael Fabritzy, who has the distinc
tion of having? married his mother-in-law
after being divorced from her daughter,
appeared before acting Police Judge
Barry yesterday on a charge of disturb
ing the peace, preferred by Mrs. Nuncio
Nostri. 1217V4 Kearny street, a neighbor.
The prosecuting witness did not appear
and the Judge dismissed the case, re
marking that a man who had the courage
to marry his mother-in-law had enough
punishment. _
Anakesls cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address New York. •
CONVENTION
OF MINING MEN
IS PROMISED
Institute of Mining En
gineers to Come.
IT WILL BRING THOUSANDS
STATE MINERS' ASSOCIATION
DISCUSSES MANY BILLS.
Wants $25,000 for the Paris Exposi
tion — Tangled Story of an Ap
propriation That Has
Never Seen Used.
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the State Miners' Association, held in
tho Union League Club's rooms last night,
the secretary read a telegram from R. M.
Raymond, secretary of the American In
stitute of Mining Engineers, to the effect
that the next session of that body would
in all probability be held in this city.
This will be one of the biggest conven
tions San Francisco has ever housed. Tho
Institute has about 3000 members, and as
a rule at least 1000 delegates attend each
convention. Besides this a number of
firat class mining men always foliow in
tho train of these conventions— men with
money to invest and who know a mining
country when they see it. Secretary
Benjamin of the Miners' Association has
been corresponding with the secretary of
the institute for some time, urging that
the convention be held here. Yesterday he
received the following telegram:
E. H. Benjamin. Secretary: Formal action
to-morrow night or Wednesday. Have con
sulted Council individually and can premise
acceptance, subject to satisfactory arrange
ment of details between yourself and me
R. U. RAYMOND.
As soon as the preliminaries are ar
ranged President Neff will appoint a com- i
mittee to arrange for the details, recep
tion and entertainment of the delegafes.
The convention will be held some time
next fall.
The real purpose of the meeting last !
night was to consider legislation regaru- j
I Ing mining matters. Senator Davis, '
| chairman of the Senate Committee on i
, Mines and Mining, was present, and spoke i
of the general outlook. He said it would I
be useless to ask for any kind of an ap- ;
propriation out of the funds of the pres- ;
! ent year, as the Governor would be more ;
I than likely to veto them should tney :
pass. Six yea-s ago a bill was passed !
appropriating $250,000 out of the general ,
| fund for the purpose of building restrain- i
ing dams. This money has never yet been !
used, and as the general fund is already |
i exhausted, it does not really exist. The :
miners do not wish to lose the money, how- j
ever, and an effort will be made to have
it set aside as a special appropriation out j
of next year's moneys. This will keep !
it safe from the hands of the legislators
until the miners are ready to use it. A I
committee was appointed to confer with
Governor Gage on the matter.
This same committee will also have
| another matter of importance to attend
to. The original bill appropriating monqy |
' for the Paris exposition has been so badly
cut that it now looks as though the min
-1 ors will get but $15,000. They want at
least 125,000, and the committee will en
deavor to have it raised to that amount.
The committee consists of J. M. Gleaves
(chairman), Dan T. Cole, C. G. Yale, Ju
lian Sonntag. James O'Brien, Mark B.
Kerr. K. H. Benjamin, J. P. Halloran and
j Edward Coleman.
Th" bill now before the Legislature
j changing the recorders of claims from
county seats back to the old mining dis
tricts was also discussed, but no recom
mendations were made on it.
Generous Memorial Donations.
Nathan Dusenbery, Lewis Dusenbery,
Rosalie Dusenbery and Mrs. Dora Dia
mond have made donations aggregating
$6000 to the following charitable societies
of San Francisco in honor of the memory
of their brother, Jacob Dusenbery, who
recently died in this city:
Mount Zion Hospital Association $1,000 00
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum 500 00
Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home 1.000 00
First Hebrew Benevolent Society .-1,000 00
Home for Aged Disabled 1,000 00
EUreka Benevolent Association 800 00
Ladles' United Hebrew Benevolent
Society 250 00
Israelitlsche Frauen Vereln 250 00
S. F. Ladles' Protection and Relief
Society 250 00
S. F. Protestant Orphan Asylum 250 00
High Art Calendar.
The Northern Pacific Railway Com
pany has issued for '99 one of the most
attractive calendars of the year.
It appears in a series of six richly
colored lithographs of one of the fair
sex in military or naval dress.
These pictures are six in number and
under the caption "Cupid in Camp" and
"Cupid on Deck," a fair lass Is shown
with love always in the background in
attractive poses.
So radical a departure from the stere
otyped form of advertising will doubt
less fulfill its mission in inviting atten
tion to this popular overland route.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
haveTyou
BEEN cured!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
Some doctors fail because of treating
the wrong disease; others from not know-
Ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKEN. NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality and Vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cure 3
guaranteed:
Kidneys. Brifeht's Disease,
Catarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases.
Lun<»B B'ood and Skin,
Head, ' ol! pture ;,
Heart, Rheumatism.
Bladder, •-', '■"•-• Diseases of Rectum,
Liver, Spleen, ricocele,
Stomach, H-drocele,
And all swellings, tenderness and im-
pediments of the sexual parts; effects of
indiscretions in youth or excesses in
after life, neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; sexual
weakness dizziness, weak back, failing
memory, despondency, etc., promptly and
effectualy cured.
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITEif you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages. ; A
HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
cessful home treatment known to the
medical profession. Thousands who were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul-
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.
Office Hours— to 12 m.: 2 to 5 and 7 to 3
■p. m. ; Sundays fr«"» li) to 2.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Wheeling j
Muscle. I
®
Wheelmen and Athletes ail agree that the food that stays ±
them longest and best is j|
GRAPE=NUTS j
the delicious breakfast food. ®
it is a granulated food, dry and crisp, can be carried loose in |j
the pocket and taken for a "chew" as desired. It is served at |j
table without cooking, and with a little cream or sugar is a
most delicious dish. ♦■
Sold by all grocers. +
■t^g^'Sjififr^ A cold Is dangw-
M§§E&msfva& get the start of you.
■pgf^^^^^Bfr A few doses of my j
*«« «^MBi break up an form
«f >l?cs^F hours and prevent
\. • X«T grippe. diphtheria
\ /~ydk m and pneumonia. It
\_^—^XW should be in every
*TBg^ home and every vest
At all <Inwglst»; 260. « *«»'- , On ' de t tO H«*lth
I IMPORTANT
H > %,-'--, %
■< A suit that fits well is worth two that some
t~" high price tailors make and never fit. To get a
? perfect fitting suit of clothes at moderate prices
r j^ you must go to
£ JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
~! His prices are 26 per cent lower than other
ns tailors charge. His clothes are 25 percent finer, j
73 his workmanship the best, his linings are strong !
£< and perfect fit guaranteed or your money returned
•fll-aiSJlontgoowry St., tor. Bush ) ... m , nsca
Q IUMII2 Market Btr«t ;BUFEASCISCt
2 ** : > Fonrt'ditta Strwt, 01EL1ID. CIL.
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kcarny Street.
Use /••% Use
Woodbury's V^^S Woodbury's
Facial Soap, i^y Facial Cream. |
Skin diseases, scaly eruptions, pimples, black- I
heads and blood disorders cured by JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163
State Bt., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample each of Facial Soap ;
and Cream, free. '■
a 00 00 00000000 o o a
d w PALACE '■*!•%
•GRAND Hargfes§
q BAH mahc/BCO.
jj Connected by a eoverad jusiajreway.
8 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaohed. «
1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaohed.
O All Under On« Management Q !
A - ■ '.- FOTI THE PRICES: Q
X European PI an. • 1.00 per day and ttpward _
P American Plan SB.OO per day and upward M
A Correspondenc* Solicited. -■• ' Q
X JOSS 0. KIBSPA7SICS, luipr. q
eld ao 000000000000 00
lA/. X. HESS,
VOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORMET-AT LAW
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Epreckels Bids-
Telephone Brown S3l.
Residence. 821 California St.. belo-r PowaU.
Ean Francisco.
NEW WE6TERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 SO day;
%a to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: tire (rates In every
room; elevator runs all night j
~~ AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
The Fantastic Comic Opera.
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
The Greatest Success Since
"THE MIKADO."
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— THE MYTHOLOGICAL. WORK,
"M^f\ BELLE HELENE"
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.) •
Offenbach's choicest opera.
Popular Prices 25c and 600
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee. 250.
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
PIANKA, the ''Lady of Lions"; THE BEAU-
TIFUL PASSION PLAY, Reproduced by the
Animatoscnpe; VIOLET DALE; THE MU-
RELLS; JACK SYMONDS, and A HOST OF
NOVELTIES in the Free Theater.
SEE THE LIVING OSSIFIED MAX.
AMATEUR BALLET THURSDAY NIGHT.
AUSTRALIAN IGUANS in the ZOO.
SPECIAL!
THIS AFTERNOON. WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY.
? BALLOON ASCENSION
And PARACHUTE DROP
EMIL MARKEBERG
THE MOST DARIN?! MAN ON EARTH.
=g i
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
GREATEST NOVELTY OF THE AGE !
THE STEEPLECHASE!
At CENTRAL PARK.
THOUSANDS ARE RIDING DAILY
Open from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m.
Admission 10c, Including horses.
Climb the Moving Stairs, Roll the . Monster ;
Barrel.
Listen to the Military Promenade Concerts. ;
AMUSEMENTS.
iStataLAITWEEK
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS.
BLACK PATTI - - ERNEST HOGAN
AND 30 OTHER EBONY ECSTASIES.
Friday Evening— Complimentary Benefit to L. A.
Horgemtern. New Features.
Next Monday— NANCE ONEIL. in "Magda,"
"New East Lynne," etc.
tSftllS3. MSarchifl
Alhambra, March 3, 4, S.
' COLUMBIA_THEATER
BsmHrjtg BeautM Production
M Beautiful Production
WILSON
BARBETT'B
SES.
SIGN Of THE
cmoss
Presented by William Greets London Com*,
pany. Including CHARLES DALTON.
GRAND MATINEE TO-DAY. FEBRUARY 22.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
The Great Operatic Stars,
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE.
In Selections From Popular Operas,
MLLE. CRASKEE, Premiere Danseuse.
BLOOM AND COOPER. Comedy Sketch,
Artists.
CON ROY & MeDONALD, Comedians.
LANG AND KELLER. SCHRODE BROS..
P. C. SHORTIS.
Last Week of the Great Successes. CARTER
DE HAVEN AND BONNIE MA IE and PROF.
MACART AND HIS DOGS AND MONKEYS.
ORPHEUM— EXTRA.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL „.. Musical Director
SECOND SERIES— EIGHTH CONCERT.
LAST CONCERT OF THE SEASON.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. February 23, 3:15.
PROGRAMME INCLUDES:
Overture "Tannhauser" ...Wagner
Symphony No. 6 (Pathetique)....Tschaikowsky
PRICES 75c. $1 and $150
Seats at the Orpheum Theater.
*
TONIGHT!
California First Paced
CYCLE RACE.
FLOYD McFARLANDof California
' VS.
HARRY ELKES of New York.
IS MILES PACED BY FORTY RIDERS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
RACES START AT 8 P. M.
Other Events in Which Eastern and Western
Cracks Will Take Part.
SEATS ON SALE AT PAVILION.
n^ ADMISSION, SO CENTS. I
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT E p wTek.
Belasco and Fyle'B National War Drama,
THE GIRL
I LEFT BEHIND ME
Sat? 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
6— GREAT NEW EASTERN STARS— «
SHERMAN and MORRISEY
Far-Famed Acrobats and Comedians.
THE ONLY LYNWOOD
Europe's Greatest Contortionist.
IDA HOVVELL, Chic Songstress.
MARIE D. WOOD, Soprano. /
CONTRALLI & VAN GOFRE, Acrobats
....QUEftITA VINCENT....
New York' Favorite Songstress and Dancer.
AND TEN GREAT ACTS.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
y<wwvvvvvvwvvvvwwwvw\ftg
I A PERMANENT CURE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
> and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
I ! days ;no other treatment required. - >
5 ' Sold by all druggists. __J5
WeiFCa! Sillier Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
.;• : .Shipments of $93,461 to China.
:v- ' .Silver unchanged.
■': . Wheat and freights quiet.
'. Barley lower.
. ■ 'Oats in fair demand.
•:.' Corn weaker. Rye dull.
1': Bran and Middlings higher.
'.. : Hay " unchanged and dull.
■-".- . -Nothing new In Flour.
.' Some changes In Beans.
:. ■ Seeds as before.
.-." Potatoes and Onions firm.
'Asparagus lower.
'• Butter weaker. Cheese easy.
■.'• Eggs steady and selling wtll.
. ' Dressed Turkeys very low.
•1" Game neglected.
- ,\ Apples firm. Oranges and Lemons quiet.
• -.'Dried Fruits cleaning up.
c • '"Sharp advance In Provisions.
■- ■ Hides steady.
•Wool and Hops dull.
...'.Another rise in Pork.
•.■•'/■Beef and Mutton steady.
•;. ;. No. change In Oils.
; ■'■'. .-■ . TO-DAY A HOLIDAY.
.- -.To-day being a legal holiday business will
'_• he suspended throughout the United States.
':•• EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port by se* hi
January were 473,612 gallons and 486 cases,
against 479,059 gallons and 694 cases In Janu
ary, 1898.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The America Mam took out a treasure list
of $93,481. consisting of $18,191 In Mexican dol
lars. $2670 In gold coin and $72,600 In silver
bullion.
IMPORTS AND EXPORTS.
f During the month of January the value of
the Imports of merchandise into the .United
States was $58,472,315 and the value of the
exports during the month $115,615,954, show
ing an excess of exports of $67,043,639. For the
seven month? ending January the value of the
' -Imports of merchandise was $387,175,925 and
that Of exports $743,472,465. the value of the
excess of exports being $352,296,540. The ex
cess of Imports of gold for the month was j
$3,730,577. and for the seven months $28,645,664. ;
The excess of exports of silver for the month
was $2,767,1*2, and for the seven months $196,- i
845. ■ The excess of the value of exports of ]
merchandise over that of Imports for the
twelve months ending January 31. 1893, and the
five years following, was: $140,834,734, $139,031,
--092, $27,831,153, $347,533,122, $372,114,911, $619,978,
--. r' 339. -
\; ' DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
•" ' The New York Commercial says: "Reports
■from the coast show that no more apricots
•: are procurable there in any position. If a
. ■holder had a few cars they would net him j
'■■a. "s'rriall fortune. Apricots are wanted by do- I
■ ireptic buyers, but no business has resulted '
. because buyers will not meet the views of
holders. , _
: ••-Supplies of peaches are running low. But ,
■ few. If any are left in first hands on the ,
• coast and holders are retaining them very i
firmly, thinking that they are good property
at present prices and under the present ten
dency of the market, Carry-over stocks sell
as readily as new crop peaches, and buyers
are quite as ready to pay a full price for
them. Fancy goods command almost any i
figure, though nominally quotations an» from I
25 '<: - ■
Prunes ar» considered good property, though
there is comparatively little movement Just at
present. Conditions favor Improvement, how- |
ever, and the rapid cleaning, up of supplies on j
the. coast shows the tendency. Prices remain
steady on the spot. There is reported to be j
■ -Borne inquiry from interior points, but no im- i
portant trading has been noted. A consider- i
.;.: abl-e number of email orders are received but ;
■■ riff large sales have been made for some time.
■■■ The oonstant withdrawal of small lots has re
: suited In greatly reducing stocks, and buy- j
■ "erii and Fellers are apart in their views and i
•^■"active business Is practically Impossible.
" .: ' Kai^ln? Bhow no change. Conditions are such
: .-thai at present it Is impossible to tell the :
: 'exact situation of the market. The prospect is j
" that present supplies will be cleaned out before
'the new crop comes in, but it may be neces
•• gary to regrade some of the long boxed stocks
,- to. effect a clearing. It Is not thought that
,'• prices .will change materially until the next
1 '.crop comes In."
•.,". '•"( ■ , WEATHER REPORT.
.'""..'m ' Cl2oth Meridian— Time.)
• :•' • SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 21. 6 p. m.
•■". -Following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
is compared with those of same date last sea- j
;:"ifpn.'-am3 rainfalls in twenty-four hours:
' ' .:. -.\ • . Last This Last
'.' /B'tatlons— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
.-Eureka : 0.00 18.3? 24.13
R?d Bluff 0.00 13.06 9.64
•Sacramento 0.00 7.85 7.05
•tan Francisco 0.00 7.77 6.30
JY---V 0.00 3.74 3.36
•Sail btita Oblspo 0.00 7.20 3.98
• .£©s Angeles 0.00 2.90 4.13
'.BAh'D'lego 0.00 3.71 3:l*
■' Yii-rr.'a ..-. 0.00 1.34 1.23
'. ■■ Pan Francisco data—Maximum temperature,
'.-■'67';'-•minimum temperature, 64; mean tempera
. Vtii.re. .'59 '.degrees.
, WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
; ■'" : \ '.- ■ FORECAST.
•"• .An area of high pressure still remains cen
tral ' eft the coast of Washington and Oregon,
.''from which section the pressure diminishes
toward Arizona and Southern California. Fair
! warmer weather still continues in California.
, T.here are some slight Indications of increasing
• cloudiness and cooler weather In Northern
■■'/California Wednesday night.
••'. -Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
.. ending midnight February 22. 1899:
:.. '•■"For' Northern California—Fair "Wednesday;
'cooler'in northeast portion; fresh north wind.
';■■-. F-r Southern California—Fair Wednesday;
\ ."fr>sh ■ north to wept wind.
.:. = • .T/jr Nevada—Fair Wednesday; cooler In north
'•'. pertio'n.
•' •'}•"• .Utah—Fair Wednesday.
■ : •.For Arizona—Fair Wednesday.
.•- '-Erir San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednes-
■ o .da\": fresh north in brisk west wind.
° .'..Special report from Mount Tamalpais —Clear;
.' wind, •northwest, 6 miles; maximum tempera
: •Wre. 64; current. 60. W. H. HAMMON.
°. •';'•"•' "' Professor In Charge.
■•v."'.;;'.'■ • ~ *
EASTERN MARKETS.
'••.;.:".• NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
'.NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— As a result of to-day's
• trading on the stock exchange the standard
hares' -were generally off fractionally, while
.•.the coalers Improved materially, the advance
• .In • Jersey Central being about four points,
\ while changes In the industrials are mixed.
> . The specialties and -the industrials showed pro
. ".neunced strength In the early dealings and be
came feverish with alternative displays of
""w'eaknefs and strength. The Continental and
••London markets were firm after the early deal
ings. • Commission house buying was heavy
■early, " but excepting the industrials changes
'•were not- notable. Tobacco continued its up
". ward movement until a rumor was dlssem
"lnared that the short interest had received in
' timations that a private settlement of their
• short, commitments could be arranged with
out recourse to the open market. Tobacco, on
• the illation of the reports, dropped over 11
.points from It high figure, ending with the net
loHs oT a fraction. The punishment which ap
; '. : parently had been meted out to the shorts in
'"' Tobacco caused an uneasy feeling among
•. -those- with short commitments in Sugar. In-
:■■• timations that the steamship mail subsidy bill
-.•."•might become a law benefited Pacific Mall VA.
'• Great Northern preferred made an extreme gain
. .'-."of. 3?i-and Third Avenue 6^4.
'■'. s .*TTie demand for railway mortgages was less
, ui>;- % nt to-day, but prices in the main showed
* considerable firmness. Total sales. $3,000,000.
' ■'. ' 'Vnlted States 3s advanced % in the bid price.
.'.•- 'Phe ' recent sensational movement in Ameri
•■•.-caiT. Tobacco stock, which rose from 132% on
'•.Tfrfday last to 179 to-day, was understood in
!■ \Vall street to be a squeeze of the short inter
.f"est,';who had sold the stock heavily since the
'<■ formation of the rival Union Tobacco Com
..r.'Hny. It was reported in Wall street to-day
•'/by a number of nouses who were supposed to
;' be. ; short on the stock that a private settle
."". : merit could be arranged without recourse to
.the market.
. : The • total sales of stocks to-day were 941,100
• •*hareaV including 25,920 Atchlson, 46.620 Atchl
• so*) preferred, 21,320 Central Pacific, 38,320 Bur
■" llngton, • 4600 Denver and Rio Grander 4010 do
. •- preferred; 4760 Great Northern preferred, 16,920
V'- liou.ls'ville and Nashville, 14,350 Manhattan,
98}HJ- Metropolitan, 42,805 Reading preferred, 10,
--.••000 • Missouri Pacific, 10,110 Missouri, Kansas
: : .and Texas preferred, 20.665 New Jersey Cen
■;..%.:tral, 20,620 Northern Pacific, 6600 do preferred,
'.»s;77o. 'Ontario and Western, 9220 Rock Island,
'• 2JOOT. Union Pacific. 34.000 do preferred. 22.600
-.'St.: 'Paul, 19,917 Southern Pacific, 3400 Texas and
• -Tarlfic", ' 60.620 Tobacco, 7250 Steel. 7120 do pre
•"• ferrey; 6220 People's Gas, 8990 Consolidated Gas.
' 18,129- Brooklyn Transit, 16,170 Pacific Mail,
••■■*4S;l2o;. Sugar, 10,. Tennessee Coal and Iron, !
• .l».-920' - Leather preferred, 7100 Rubber, 4220 St.
v.'.Loiiis- and Southeastern preferred.
.;,- 1 --.' -." ' CLOSING STOCKS.
-."" AtphUon ' 24 ! St Louis & S *".... 12%
'■.>': I>o prefd 65% I Do prefd 70
■ -.Baltimore & Ohio. 71 Do 2d prefd il%
•"-.'Canada .Pacific... SOS 4St Paul... ....132%
'■ Ciinada Southern.. 69',i Do prefd 169 Vi
: -Cent "Pac 54 St P& Om 93
.-.-Cnes * Ohio 29& Do prefd .....170
• : Chi & Alton 170 Bo Pacific 38%
. ; '.Oht B& Q ...HTM. So Railway 13
■-"Chi- & E .'lll «B\ii Do prefd 50%
• "•.Do prefd.... 118 Texas & Pacific... 23%
• ■ Ght G W 16% Union Pacific 49%
•'•.Chr Ind & L »H Do prefd 81%
• ,~Eio" prefd «:i TT p D & 0.. ....... 12^4
: --Chi'& N W lSOil Wabash 8*
" ••Do prefd 192 > Do prefd..... 23H
C-C C&St L 60 Wheel &L B 11%
Do prefd 98V4 Do prefd ;.... 33ft
Del $ Hudson 11* Express Companies—
I*l L& W 161 Adams Ex 115
Den St Rio O t3>4 l American Ex 14-
Do prefd 74T* I United States fc>%
Erie (new) 14% Wells Fargo I*6
Do Ist prefd St»^ Miscellaneous-
Ft Wayne ISO A Cot Oil. 86%
Ot Nor prefd 185% Do nrefd »2£
Hocking Val 54 Am Spirits 13%
Illinois Cent 117% Do prefd 36%
Lake Erie & W.... 20 Am Tobacco 1.0
Do prefd 67? i Do prefd 1404
Lake Shore 2004 Cons Gas.. 203
Louis & Na»h 66% Com Cable Co 1&0
Manhattan L 113 Col F & Iron 344
Met St Ry 245 j Do prefd W)
Mich c«t::::::.:.:S8 Gen Electric 114
i Minn & St L tftf Haw Com Co 70
! Do Ist prefd 98% Brooklyn R T 9£«
Mo Pacific 47-4 Intl Paper 604
Mobile & Ohio 334 do prefd 89
Mo X * T.. 14% Laclede Gas 044
Do prefd 40 Lead oG» 4
N J Central 10S4 Do prefd 114
N T Central 1334 Fed Steel 514
N V Chi &St L... 144 Do prefd SS
Do Ist prefd 65 Nat Lin Oil 6*l
Do id prefd 33 'Pacific Mail. 52%
1 Nor Wast 19\i People's Gas 115%
No Amer Co S% Pullman Pal 161
No Pacific 53% Silver Certificates. 6&4
Do prefd 74% Standard R & T... 114
Ontario & W 234, Sugar 140%
Or R & Nay 45 Do prefd 114
Or Short Line 45 :T C & Iron 45
Pac C Ist prefd.... 89 US Leather 74
D 0.24. 24 prefd 66 j Do prefd 72%
Pittsburg 180 'V S Rubber 53»-i
Reading 22% Do prefd ll'Vi
Do Ist prefd 64% West Union 95
RG W 37 Or Nay prefd 72
Do prefd 754 1 Pac Coast 494
Rock Island 121 Colo Southern 74
St Louis & S W... 10 Do Ist prerd 554
Do prefd 30 | Do 2d prefd 224
CLOSING BONDS.
V B 8s 106% iN V Central 15t5. ..1174
V S new 4s reg....1254 \'JC is IIS
Do coupon 1254 iN" Carolina 6s 130
L" S 4s 112% Do 4s 104
Do coupon llSViiNo Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 99 j Do 3s 65%
CS 5s reg 1124 ' i Do 4s 103
Do os coupon 112 NYC4 St L 45. ..107
District 3. 65a IIS Nor &W 6s 130
Ala class A 107 Northwstrn cons. -.143
Do B 107 i Do deb 5s 128
Do C 100 Dr Nay lsts 110
Do Currency 100 Or Nay 4s 1024
Atchlson 4s 10! 0 S Line 6s tr 1284
Do adj 4s 83% D S Line 5s tr 1114
Baa So 2ds 1104 Reading 4s $6%
C & O 44« 964 BOW lsts 94
Chicago T 4s 95>4'Ft L & I M C 55. ..111%
C & Ohio 5s 1184 '.St L & S F G 65. .123*4 i
C H & D 44s 104% St P Con 184%
D & R G lets 108% St P C & P 15t5. ...121
D & R G 4s 101 j Do 6s 1214
East Term lsts.... 104%: So Railway 6s 106 j
Erie Gen 4s 734 Stand R & T 65... SS4 I
F W & D lsts tr.. 844 Tenn new set 35... 97
Gen Elec 6s 1134 Tex Pac L G 1*t5..113
G H & 8 A 6s 109 Do reg 2ds 51
Do 2ds 110 Union Pac Ist? 104%
H4TC 110 UPD & G lsts SS
Do con 6s 110 i^Vabash Ist 5s 115^
lowa C I«t8 110 I Do 2ds 964 I
La new conn 45... .108 W Shore 4s 1124
L & N Unl 4s 95<,« Va Centuries 85
Pac con 6s 114% I Do deferred 7
M X & T 2ds 68% Wls Central lsts... 6?
Do 4s 95 Colo Southern 45... S7y.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 5 75
Crown Point 30 Ophlr 1 30 ;
Con Cal & Va 2 50 Plymouth 10 j
Deadwood 45 ; Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry 60 Do preferred 450
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada 125 j
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 70
Iron Silver 80 Union Con 60
Mexican 80 Yellow Jacket 135
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lAtchison prefrd 654 j
Tall loans 223 Bonds-
Time loans 3<@4 Atchlson 4s 100% I
Stocks— Wls Central Is 69
Men Top & St Fe.. 23%! Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 139%!AlIouez Mm Co ll\i
Do preferred 1144 ! Atlantic 41
Bay State Gas 3U! Boston & Mont 370
Bell Tel 369 Butte & Boston 914
Boston & Albany.. Calumet & Hecla..BßO
Boston & Maine... .172 Centennial 50
Boston & L 87 Franklin 28
Chi Bur*: Q 1471; Old Dominion 454
Fltchburg 114 jOeceola 101
Gen Electric U44iQulncy ISO
Mexican Central... 64 Tamarack 262
Did Colony 101 .Wolverine 49
Rubber 53 Parrott 49%
Union Pacific 49>>i Humboldt 23% j
Weft End 93 Wlnona 10% I
Do preferred 11l Union Land 10 |
Wetting Elec pfrd. 63 ! , i Adventure 164 :
vv'is Central 3 I
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market here had a healthy tone to-day,
but was not active, although the set
tlement was less of an impediment this time
than last. Tha reduction by the Bank of Ber
lin of Its rate of discount from 5 to 44 per
cent helped the cheerfulness. Americans
opened well and were very active for an
hour. They slackened In the afternoon, recov
ered on New York prices and sagged at the
close despite New York buying of the coal
ers. Central Pacific was the weak spot. Tin
tos. 39%; Boston, 2%; Utah, 94. The last
mentioned two were found difficult to carry.
Money was good on settlement for the demand.
The African gold Just received has been taken
for the Continent at 77s 9V«d.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 92%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 82%; Union Pacific preferred. 84%;
Grand Trunk, 8; bar silver, quiet. 274 d; money.
1V4@14 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2L— FLOUR— Receipts, 29,
--822 barrels; exports, 11,077. Very dull but nom
inally steady. Minnesota patents, 13 95@4 25.
WHEAT— Receipts, 27,700 bushels; exports,
54, «6. Spot firm. No. 2 red. 83% c, t. o. b.
afloat to arrive; 85 7 %c spot. Options opened
easy on disappointing cable news. Shorts were
forced •to cover, however, on Dredtctlons of
another cold wave In the Northwest and prices
held firm until weakened again In the after
noon through realizing. Closed weak at %c to
%c net decline. March, 82 5-163 closed 82% c.
HOPS— .
WOOL— Firm.
METALS — Tin and spelter increased their
lead materially to-day, and on larger demand
and light offerings, together with the encour
aging advices from abroad. Lead sagged
slightly under low call and willingness of hold
ers to accept former rates. Copper and iron
were about unchanged. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, strong, at $9 25.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, with
Jl7 75 bid and SIS asked.
— Strong and scarce, at $24 25.
LEAD— Barely steady, with $4 40 bid and
$4 45 asked.
The brokers' price for lead was given to-day
as $4 20, and copper $18.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, with weak
undertone. Sales, 24,500 bags. including March,
$5 40; April, $5 50; May. $5 60@5 60; June, $5 65;
July, $5 70; September, $5 80; October. $5 85.
Spot coffee — Rio. steady. No. 7 Jobbing, 7c;
No. 7 invoice. 64c; mild, quiet; Cordova, B@l4c.
SUGAR— firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3 11-16 c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7900; stea^-. Western
creamery, 15 1 g22c; Elgins. 22c: factory, 12^>14c.
EGGS — Receipts. 6192 packages; steadier.
Western, 25c; Southern, 244 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@B%c;
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9>4@94c; fancy,
9%@10c.
PRUNES— 4@IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, 13@17e.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 25(& 28c. i
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— Unresponsive Liverpool '
cables gave wheat an easy start and May
commenced Vie lower at ■ 72% c. While the
opening price expressed the opinion of the
majority there was. however, an influential
minority that thought the concession in prices
a valuable opportunity to possess themselves
of ' some wheat, and May .quickly recovered
from the opening decline, and in less than an
hour had touched 734 c. The buying that woke
up the shorts and disturbed their confidence
In lower prices came largely from the North
west and waa brought about by a sensational
drop In , the temperature In the British pos
sessions, twenty below zero being reported
from Winnipeg. The holiday to-morrow ap
peared to be feared by the shorts, and al
though there was some disposition to sell at
over 73c for May, It was wanted back again
when any stand was made by the holders.
Near the end the market was subjected to
a little of the hammering process by the
scalpers, and May declined to 72%. The bulls,
however, came In and May recovered to 73i»c
where it closed. •
The threatened reinstatement of winter
weather with Increased consumption as one
of its consequences held corn firm. May closed
unchanged.
The oat market traveled under tti» super
vision of the other grains. May closed Vie
higher.
A halt In the deliveries of hogs on their pre
vious enormous scale strengthened provisions.
An Improvement In the demand for cash meats
was a helping Influence. May pork gained 20c,
lard 5c and ribs 10c. j
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 8—
May 72%. 734 72% 73%-
July 7l£ 71% 71 71%
! Corn No. 2—
May 35% 36 35% 35%
July 36 864 35% 36"4
September 364 37 36% 36%
Oats No. 2— i
I May 274 27% 274 27%
I July 25% ■ 25% 254 85%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 940 9 574 935 955
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 6 324 6 374 525 625
July 5 45 6 50 5 40 6 474
September 5 55 5 60 5 50 5 574
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May..... 724 4774 * 674 4 774
July 4 874 4 924 4 824 490
September 495 6 024 495 5 024
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, slow
but steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 6S@7lc; No. 3 j
j
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
spring wheat, 65@71c; No. 2 red, 72@«34e; No. I
corn. 35U@354c; No. 2 oats, 27c: No. 2 white,
294@304c; No. 3 white. 25%@304c; No. 2 rye,
664 c; No 2 barley, 42@52e; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 16.
prime timothy seed. $2 474: mess _ pork per
barrel. $9 35<g9 40; lard, per 100 pounds^ $5 1.4®
5 20; short ribs sides, (loose), $4 60@4 70, dry
salted shoulders (boxed}. $4 25@4 374; short
clear sides (boxed), $4 Bo@4 95; whisky, distil
ler*' finished goods, per gallon. $1 26.
Articles- *%&**• Shlpn Vt n
Flour, barrels 16,000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 66.000 4.000
Corn, bushels 634,000 268.000
Oats, bushels 694.000 £29.000
Rye, bushels 11.000 '\i666
Barley, bushels 80.000 13 - wo
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 140214 c. dair
ies, 114@18c. Eggs, strong; fresh, 26c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 9%@11c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 161.250 18 240
M^ke*-:::::::::::::::::: 1 :g \%
?Sr.:::::::::::::::::::::S:| 41.000
St. Louis 14.000 «.000
grasatv:::::::::::::::::K JB
Totals 655,68 121.981
-
Tidewater—
N^ork-::::::::::::::::::::!^ 5&
laKo 1^..::::::::::::::::: •••■! m
Baltimore «. 5 ~ *?•£!(
New Orleans •■•••• «-°V^ i
Galveston _ 30.440 _ 89 '* 28 !
Total. '.:...„:.:..- ■ . 280 ' 308
LTVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening <> 8% 6 $
Closing '_•'•» 5 '* 6 '*
PARIS FUTURES.
rnnnr— Feb. May U 9O
assiy :::::::::::::::::::::::::: 3S 2S
Wheat— „. «.  ,k
33g :::::::::::::::::::::::::: S3 SS
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— SDeclal cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreefs Indicate
the following changes In the available supply
of grain last Saturday, as compared with the
preceding Saturday: and Canada east of
■Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease. 156.000 bushels.
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat for ana in
Europe, decrease, 1.400.000 bushels. Total sup
ply, decrease, 1,586.000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains. Increase. 2.129,000 bushels.
United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 1.905,000 bushels.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
show a gain of 180.000 bushels for the week.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 21.— CATTLE— Were slow at
yesterday's decline. Fancy cattle. »5 70@«;
choice steers, $6 25-S'6 65; mediums, $4 65@4 85;
beef steers, 13 70f?4 60: stockers and feed.Ta, :
$3 Wg4 70; cows and heifers, $3 80® 4; Western
fed steers, ?4 10-&5 50; Texas steers, »3 60<g'a;
calves, $4^7. . ,
HOGS— Ruled a shade higher. Fair to choice,
$3 65&3 SO: packing lots. $3 45@S 624; mixed,
$3 45«3 674: butchers', $3 45@3 70; light, $3 4J«»
3 65; "piss. f3®3 50.
SHEEP— Were dull and unchanged. Com
mon to choice sheep, $2 60@4 80; yearlings. $4 16
@4 70: poor to prime lambs, J4@s; chiefly,
$4 85@4 95.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 16,000; sheep,
8000.
QUIET MARKET FOR DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21.— Journal of Com- i
merce pays: The market for dried fruits as a
whole still presents a very quiet appearance. :
Raisins are unsettled In sympathy with ad- j
vices from the coast regarding uncertainty of
the future of the combination. Currants art !
easier. There is more demand for peaches and !
apricots and the market Is firmer, but not
quotably higher.
In California the loose muscatel raisin mar
ket Is dull and the feeling is unsettled In view <
of the uncertainty as to what may be the out- !
come of the mass meeting of growers in March, !
when the fate of the California Raisin Grow- I
ers' Association will be settled one way or |
the other. The general impression seems to
be that the combination will not be renewed.
So far as the resolutions of the combine re
garding the disposition that Is to be made
of cheap stock are concerned, traders in the
East do not feel any more reassured by them
than they felt before the claim was being \
made that there is nothing to prevent wineries I
from reselling these goods below the market
prices, as they have done before.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. Clearances, $254,
--050; balances, $58,328.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Feb. 21.— storm of last week
has greatly interferred with the wool market,
and as a result only small business has been
reported. The market as a whole Is not ma
terially different from last week In regard fj
prices. Staple territory wools are • scarce at
42@43c for scoured fine and medium and fine.
There- Is little doing In fleece wools, with prices
unaltered. Australian wools are In moderate
supply, with steady prices.
Quotations: Territory Montana, fine
medium and fine. 14<gl6c; scoured, 43c; singly,
47fi48c.
Utah, Wyoming, etc.— medium and fine,
13@15c; scoured, 40<g43c; staple, 47@48c.
Australian -Scoured combing superfine, 70®
73c; good, 65@6Sc; average. 62@65c.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 21.— There is nothing
new in the local wheat situation and quotations
are unchanged. Very little business Is being
done at the prices named, and It Is doubt- |
ful about a cent or two above them bringing j
out much wheat. The damage to crops In
the Interior is believed to be much less than
was at first reported, but In a measure It Is
helping the hold-your-wheat element, as also
the continued dry weather in California. Some
transactions for "milling purposes were reported
at 694 c for heavy Walla Walla wheat, but
69c was the highest quotation obtainable from
exporters and few of them would go above
57@58c. Valley Is nominal at 69@60c, and blue
stem, 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 21.— WHEAT— Club,
67c; blue stem, 60@61c.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— COTTON— Quiet; mid
dling. 6 9-16.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 21.— COTTON—
middling, 6.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 21.— Consols, 111 7-16; silver,
274 d; French rentes, 102f 95c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
sellers asking advance 3d; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 21. — Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour In Paris, quiet:
French country markets, quiet; weather In
England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, B%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red Northern spring,
firm. £s 4d; futures closed dull; March, 5s
7%d; May. 5s 7%d.
CORN— American mixed, old, steady, Ss 74d;
do new, quiet, 3s 6Vid; futures steady; March,
3* 6%d; May, 3s 54d. .'-.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy, dull. 7s Bd.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling- Exchange, 60 days — $4 85*4
Stirling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables •.: — , 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars .' — ' 47%®48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal, with
nothing doing on the spot at 25b, : usual op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 4498, against 34.336 tons
on the. same date last year; disengaged, 23,600
tons, against 21,600; on the way to this port,
156,860 tons, against 193,650.
WHEAT— The market continues ■ dull and
featureless, with no change In spot grain.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%@1 16%; milling,
*1 17%©1 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— Mar— l4,ooo
ctls, $1 17#; 20,000, Jl 17%: 10,000, Jl 17%.
Second Session— 2ooo ctls, $1 19%;
2000, $1 19%. May— lß,ooo, $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session — May — ctls,
»1 17; 4000, $1 17%; 2000, Jl 17%. December—
$1 19%: ■ . .
Afternoon Session — December ctis,
| $1 20%. May— 2000, $1 17%. ; •
BARLEY— Spot Feed Is dull and. more freely
offered. Futures are lower, curiously enough,
as a fierce drying north wind has beeen blow
ing, over half of the State. •The.ways of the
Barley market at present are • beyond compre
hension.
Feed, $1 25®1 28%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— o'clock— sales.
Second Session— Seller ■ 1899, new— 2ooo ctis.
fl 02%; 6000, $1 02%; 4000, $1 02%. . . r•'
Rgeular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session Seller 1899, new — ctis,
*1 02%; 20.000. Jl 03; 2000, »1 02%; 6000, $1 02%.
OATS— Dealers continue to quote a moderate
ly active market at unchanged quotations.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37% per ctl; good- to
choice, Jl 27&@1 32}4; common, II 25; Surprise,
$1 «H@l 50: Gray, $1 27^@1 32V4; Milling, 11 S2^i \
<g\ 35 per etl; Red. $1 45m 56; Black. $1 60@l 55.
CORN— round Yellow Is lower. The
other kinds are unchanged and dull.
Small round Yellow, $1 20@l 22&; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 10; White, $1 10; mixed. $1 07&
@1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— Continues dull at $1 2 'Sl 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $4-3*4 IB:
bakers' extras, $3 90@4; Oregon and Washing -
ton. $3©3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 'per 100 pounds : Rye Flour, $2 75
per 10O; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 20; Oat
Groats, $4 40; Hominy, $3 2553 50; Buckwheat .
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, I
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats ,
(barrels). $6 05@6 50; in sacks, Jo 65<g« 05; Pearl |
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
In spite of the light receipts and dry north
wind the Hay market is very dull and prices
show no improvement. '■'"':'.'.'?.
Bran and Middlings have again advanced.
BRAN— SI 9 50@20 per ton. • • VC"
MIDDLINGS— 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31^31 50; Job
bing. $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. J2S(g3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50 ;
ig24 GO; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed. ;
$19 50<§20.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat. $16@17 50 for
good to choice and $13 60019 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming v In; Wheat and Oat, $13 s'i-j
18 50; Oat, $12 BOOM 50; Island Barley, $13@14;
Alfalfa, $11612: Stock. $10; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $12 50313 50; Cheat,
$113:12; Grass Hay, $10: Oat, $12@13; Clover,
$10© 11; Timothy, $10 50@12 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Small white Beans are firm, but colored are
dull and weak. Some variations will be ob- j
served. There is no change in Seeds.
BEANS— Bavos, $1 60®l 80; Small Whites.
$2 1002 20; Large Whites, $1 65®1 75; Pinks,
$1 90&2 05; Reds, $3 2583 50; Blackeye. $3 75® :
3 90: Butters, $2 25<52 60; Llmas. $3 25<g>3 35; Pea,
$2 3552 50; Red Kidneys. $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 6034 75 per Ctl; '
yellow Mustard, $3 75-84: Flax, $2 15®2 25; Ca- j
nary Seed, 2U@2?4e per 1b; Alfalfa, B@SVic; i
Rape, 2»*@2*ic; Hemp. 2'- 'g3o; Timothy. 6®sV4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 65@1 70; Green, $2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions rule firm at the price*.
Early Rose, however, are quieter, as the dry
weather affects the seeding.
Arrivals of Asparagus were much larger,
amounting to 167 boxes, and prices declined.
Other Vegetables were about the same.
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose, $1 25@»
per dozen. . , _
POTATOES— 7ScSSI 05 per ctl for Early Rose, :
90c@$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks, 90c@$l 15 per ctl; Oregon,
Ssc<Ssl JO; Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and
11 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, IH@2%C per IT). ;
ONIONS— 6O®9Oc; Oregon. $1-51 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— 6SBC per Id for
No 2 10@12V>c for No. 1 and 14<&15c for fancy;
Rhubarb. 10<jfl2V4c per rb; Green Peas, 7@Sc; :
String Beans. -*-•. Cabbage, 40@50c; Toma
toes. $202 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, — @—
per rt>; Garlic. 4"g6c per tb; Dried Okra, lao
per rb- Green Peppers, — 0— per Ib; Dried Pep
pers, 12V4c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Dressed Turkeys were almost unsalable, ow
ing to the hot weather, and went at the lowest
prices for some years. Other Poultry was
steady at good prices.
Game was hard to sell, even at the low quo
tations.  ,.
Another car of Eastern Poultry sold at 11©
18c for Turkeys, $5 50 for old Roosters and I
Ducks, $6 50<g7 for Hens, $S for young Roosters ,
and $6 for Fryers.
POULTRY— DreEsed Turkeys, 6<@l2c: live ;
Turkeys. lift 13c for Gobblers and ll@l3c for j
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 60@l 75; Gosling*, $2 25
«2 SO- Ducks, $4 5006 50; Hens, $5®6; young
Roosters, $7-&7 60; old Roosters. $4 50<5j5 50; Fry
ers $5 60<g6; Broilers, $SOG 50 for large. $3 oO®
4 50 for small: Pigeons. $1 2601 CO per dozen for
old and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— $l@l 25; Mallard, $2 50*33: Can
vasback. $2 50@3; Sprig, $125; Teal. II; Wid
geon, 75c@fl; Small Duck, 75c: English Snipe,
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $125; Gray Geese. $150;
White Geese 75c; Brant, 76c§$l 25; Honkers.
$3; ' Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and
$1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs ar* steady at the improved prices, and
stocks are not large. Butter and Cheese are
weak and the former Is slightly off again.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 26c; seconds,
24@25c. "; : V
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21®23c; common
grades. 17@20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16-5170; pickled roll.
14@16c for dairy and 16®17c for creamery
sciuares; creamery tub, 19c.
"Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 13*s@14o per
Ib; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— mild new, ll^HHc; old, 10
@10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12@12>,4c; Young Amer
ica, llWgl2Vae: Eastern, 10fl2c.
EGOS— at 14@16c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Pears are about done for. Apples are firm
and in moderate supply, and a fine lot might
bring $2. Oranges and Lemons are plentiful
and unchanged. Limes are quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 7sc for common, $I@l 50 per box
for No. 1 and $1 75 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 Eo®2 75
per box: Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Mandarins, $1 25
<gl 75; Lemons. 75c-gsl 50 for common and $29
2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 6C@
6 60; California Limes, 50c(g$l per small box:
Grape Fruit, $2; Bananas, $1 25@2 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Except Prunes and Raisins the market is
firm and well cleaned up. There are only about
30 cars of Peaches left in the State, and Plums
are so well cleaned up that they are no longer
worth quoting. Honey is quiet. Nuts £.re
scarce and firm.
DRIED FRUITS— 6%c for 40-50" s, •"'/4
@4%c for 50-60' 3>4@3Hc for 60-70' s, 2\ig>3c lor
70-80's, 2HS2%c for 80-90's, 2@2V*c for *)-100"s
and l%@2c for 100-UCs;' Silver Prunes, 2%®
6c; Peaches. 7Vi@SVfec for good to choice, 9&9>/aC
for fancy and for peeled; Apricots, 10%@
13V4c for Royals and 14% c for MoorpaiKa; Evap
orated Apples, 7@Bc; sun dried, y#s>->e; Hlaolc
Figs, sacks, 2<S2%c; Plums, nominal, I®lV4o lor
unpitted; Nectarines, out; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS*— 3%c for two-crown, 4^e for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 4Vs<g6c for Seed
less Sultanas, 34c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2?i®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, "(g'Sc
for hardshell, y@loc for softshell; Almonds,
7(SSc for hardshell, 13@14c for tshell. 15@16c
for paper-shell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4%©5 c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50(g5.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6"4@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@o'i|C
per lb.
BEESWAX— 26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
A general advance in the whole list will be
observed, owing to . the marked | rise ■in Beef
and Pork. The demand Is also Improving, ■ and
the market <■ in better shape than for some
months. \ -.*' ■
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B@Btfc per Ib for
heavy, BV4@9c for light medium, 10%@llc for
light, 12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mesa Beef, $12@12 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $13 50; Family Beef, $14 60®
15: extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per Ib.
LA Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per Ib for
compound and 7@7^c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 7}4@Sc; 10-lb tins, BV4c: 5-lb tins, B^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%<B6!bc: packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 In a case, 9«^c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy. tubs, 80 lbs net, 7Jic; half
I barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Wool and Hops are still dull and nominal. A
local circular says of Hides: "The market to
day Is less excited and more conservative than
during the past month, but there is continued
good trading and we anticipate a steady de
mand for Hides at the present prices. Sole
■ Leather is in demand, but only average sales of
! Harness Leather are being made."
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
■ about lo under the quotations. Heavy salted
tsteers, 10c: medium, 9c; light, B<g>BVsc; Cow-.
hides, SVittSc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10030 c each; short
| Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 7'"><??9Oc; long Wool.
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides. salt, $1 76@>2 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and $1 for email.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V4@3")*c per Ib;
No. 2. 2%@3c; refined. 4%@5c; Grease, 2@2^c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
! months, 7@9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
> months, B©9c; Foothill and Northern, free, 10@
1 12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
i Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 10@
j 12c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
j Fall Wools— , .
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 011
Northern " Mountain 6V-i<t 9
Southern '. '.:.." 6 <g> 74
Plains ............. 5 @ 6
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@llc per It) for ordinary,
12@12V4c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, sH@s%c. for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quen-
Bags, $4 95.'
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$8; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60-
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 In bulk and $9 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, fit;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Costta
Gate, V! 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
omi .AGE— Manila, 9c; Sisal, 8&C; Duplex.
7%c basis.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 50®l 80 for white; Peaches, $1 40®
1 75; Pears. $1 45®1 50; Apricots, $1 35@1 50:
Plums. 96cSz$l 15.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas. 85c@$l 25;
Asparagus. $1 s'""gl 75; Tomatoes, SofiSOc.
rnFFEE — Costa Rica — 15<gl6c nominal for
prime washed; 134"5144 c nominal for good
washed; 1245?15c for good to prime washed
peaberry; U@il4c for good peaberry; 114®13c
for good to prime; 10@llc nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; 9^104c for
fair; u4flß4c for common to ordinary. Salva
dor— 10(5 13c nominal for good to prime washed;
S-SSVjc for fair washed; 104<311 I -2C for good to
prime washed peaberry; 84@8%c nominal for
superior unwashed; S@S4c for good green un
washed; 94'g'lOc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— B@B%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 94t?10c nominal for
gocd to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l6@l74c for prime to fancy
washed new crop; 12@144c for good to strictly
good washed new crop; old crop— lo^^l4o for
good to strictly good washed; 9§loHc for fair
washed; 7@B%c for medium; 6<g6T4c for inferior
to ordinary; 10#114c for good to prime washed
pea berry; 94® 10c for good unwashed peaberry;
Sfjfc^c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 44c; case*, se;
extra do. 6c; boneless. 6«64c: strips. 7<374c;
middles, 7«9c; bricks, 64374 c; pickled. In bar
rels. $9; half do. $5. _
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 25'ff28c per tt>:
Sole Leather, medium, 24<f?25c: Sole Leather,
light, 23@25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24"*2f>c;
rough Leather, light. 23-a24c; Harness Leather,
heavy 32'534c; Harness Leather, medium. 30®
32c; Harness Leather, light, 27^29c; Collar
Leather, Hgl6c per foot; Kip, finished 40®400
per tt>: Veal, finished. 60#55c; Calf, finished.
75c051; Sides, finished, 16*3170 per foot; Belt
Knife Splits. 14'?16c; Rough Splits. B<3loc.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1. 95c;
barrels. 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled. 54c: raw, 52c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, S6c: No. 1. 46c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut. 45'J?i55c per gallon; Pure Naatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c: ca«es. 7f»c: No. 1. barrels, 550;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white,
40c: bleached white. 45e; Whale Oil n, at '"; al
white. 40c: bleached white, 46c; Pacific Rubber-
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, II 2ng>
135 per gallon; wagon colors, $2<^2 25 per
GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk. 124 c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases. 17^c: Astral Oil.
174 c: Star Oil. 174 c; Extra Star Oil. 214 c:
Elaine Oil. 224 c; Eocene Oil. 194 c: Deodorized
Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 154 c; In cases 21c:
Benzine in bulk. 15c; cases. 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline, In bulk. 21c; in cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oe,
74c; 6s, 14 or. 6%e; 6s, 12 o». 6c; 6s, 10 ob.
BHc. Granite (mining) Candles-6s. 16 ob. 9V 4 c;
6s, 14 oz. fv 4 c; oa. 12 oz. 74c; 6s 10 oz. 6^a.
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls. 2s. 4s, 6s, white,
94c; 12s, 10V»c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per Id.
TURPENTINE— In canes, 64c: in Iron barrels,
590: In wooden barrels, 61c per gallon
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c * c&s£S. 5c mor^.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
"SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered^ 6%c; Candy
Granulated, s!{c: Dry Granulated. f>\r ton
fectroners' A. &c; California A. 54c. Magno
lia A s^c: Extra C, B^c; Golden C. 5V,c: half
barrels. Ho more than barrels, and boxes 4c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $15«18; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and $14@15 for No 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20^2 30: Pickets. $14: Shingles.
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Snakes ;
f or gpHt and $10 60 for sawn; Rustle, $lo
®21.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hog-a continue to advance and an extra good
lot would probably bring 6c. There is no fur
ther rise in Beef and Mutton, but the market
Is firm all around.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 7<gß4c per tt>- „ _
VEAL— Large and small, B@Sc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9@94c; Ewes, 84ft9c.
LAMB-9@loc per 1b for yearlings and 15c for
PP PORK— Live Hogs. R\4@s4o for large, 6%«8%«
--for medium and s<iJs%c for small; stock Hogs,
f-c; dressed Hogs, 64<8>84c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCB.
For Tuesday. February tL
Flour, qr sks 24.516| Sugar, sks 2W
Wheat, ctls 27.945 Hay. tons 153
Barley, ctls 740; Straw. tons 14
Corn, ctls. East. 6001 Wool, bales 123
Butter, ctls 298jEggs, dos 15.510
Cheese, ctls 56' Lime, bbls 487
Tallow, ctls I.7oO!Pelts, bdls I<s
Potatoes, sks 1.3061 Wine, gals 90,600
Onions, sks 430 Leather, r0115.... 196
Bran sks Bio Hides, no 471
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.436: Oats, ct1*... ...... 4*>
THE STOCK MARKET.
L<val securities were distinguished by small
Contra Costa Water was firmer. AJaska
Packers' was weaker and Market-street Rail
way declined from $65 to $62 76. Mutual Elec
tric sold up to $15 124.
Unfavorable rumors about the working of
the big pump on the Comstock Bent mining
ftocks down, as will be Been by th« list of
bales. There was a good deal of selling. The
following telegram waa received from ixeneral
Manager Rosa:
"Pump was shut down for two hours last
night, due to a failure to regulate the pret>
ture water on the surface. The water rose
seventeen feet in the shaft, but was again
lowered and Is now fifty- three fee.t below the
1750 and going down. Are preparing the sec
end elevator for lowering into the pump com
partment."
The boards will not be In s«*slon to-day.
The Homestake Mining Company will pay
t)M usual monthly dividend of 25 cents per
share, or $31,260, on the 25th, together with an
extra dividend of the same amount.
The Overman Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 6 cent* per shar* delinquent
March 27.
The Golden Star Mining Company of San
Benito County has levied an assessment of 2
cents per share, delinquent March 1.
The Welsbach Commercial Company has de
clared a dividend of 1 prr cent on preferred
stock, payable March 10.
The annual meeting of the Tellow Jacket
Mining Company has been called for March
6 at the home office in Gold Hill, New
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. February 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L. & P... 15 154
4s quar coup.. 113 — Equit G L Co. 10 104
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 164 154
4s quar new... — 130 Oakland Gas.. — 49
3s quar c0up.. 1074108 Pac Gas Imp.. 83% —
Miscellaneous— I Pac LCo — 49
Cal-pt Cab 5«..114 — SF G & E.... 83% —
Cal Elec 65.. ..123^1174 San Fran 3% 34
C C Wat 55....107V«109 Stockton G«a.. — 14
I)up-at ex c... — — Insurance—
EL & P 65... 1304 — Firem's Fund. 29o —
F&CI Ry 6s. — 120% Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R 6s. — 102 jAnglo-Cal .... 664 68
HC & S 545. — :05 Bank of Cal.. — —
LAL Co 65.. — — |Cal SD & T.. 98 984
Do gntd 6s..lolViloa I First Nati0n1. 21714226
Market-st 68...1274 — Lon P & A... 133 —
Do Ist M ss. — — Mer Exchange — 16
NCN G R T5.107 — Nev Nat 8k.175 —
N Ry Cal 6«..113% — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 18 113% Ger 8 & L....1640 1680
N P C R R 65. 1044 — iHum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 5a.101% — Mutual Say.. — 414
N Cal R R 65. 100 — 6 F Say U.. 4974 —
I Oak Gas 55... 110 — S& L 50.... — 1024
Om CRy 65... — — Security S B 800 350
P & Cl Ry 68. .106 10T4 i Union T Co.. 1375 1475
p & O6s U~ — ! Street Railroads—
Powell-st 6a. ..1224126 California ....111 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Geary 45 —
SF& N P 65. 1104 — |Market-st 62 62H
I 6 F& S JVss.ll2*4ll!Mi.Oak 8L& H. — —
BlerraßCal 6s. 10441034 ! Presidio 10% —
S P of Ar 65..112»4112«iij Powder—
5 P C 6s n9o:,)n3 7 41HV California ....1654160
; 8 P C 6s (1906) — IJ64JE Dynamite... 874 —
I S P C 6a (1912)1224 — 1 Giant Con Co. 60** —
SPCIs eg 55.106 — Vigorit 2% 2%
S P Br 6s 125 126 Miscellaneous—
B V Water 65.. — 180 Al Pac Assn.. 107% 109
? V Water 45.. 103% — Ger Ld Wk5 . . . 260 —
B V W45(.1dm).1014 — Hana PI C 0... 174 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 107 HC & S Co.. 71^ 72
Water Stocks— Hutch 8 P Co. 33v» 34
Contra Costa.. 634 64% , Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
i Marin Co 50 — ! Oceanic 8 Co. 754 —
j Spring Valley. lol4 — |PacAFA.... 1 1%
Gas & Electric— iPae C Bor Co. loo —
Capital Gas...— — [Par Paint Co.. 74 —
Cent Gaslight. 105 — I
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Association 108 75
40 Alaska Packers' Association 108 50
150 Contra Costa Water 64 25
150 Contra Costa Water 64 50
i 200 Contra Costa Water, s 80 84 25
25 Equitable Gas 10 00
10 Giant Powder Con 60 50
6 Giant Powder Con 60 374
30 Har.a Plantation Co 17 26
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 124
15 Hana Plantation Co. b 2 17 25
25 Hana Plantation Co, cash 17 26
120 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 23
i 50 Market-st Railway 63 75
50 Market-st Railway, b 6 63 30
10 Market-Bt Railway 63 25
! $5000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. ll3 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 75
$3000 SPof A bonds 112 50
20 S V Water 10125
Street—
$4000 Contra Coeta Water bonds 108 00
100 Ca.l Safe Depoalt 98 50
Afternoon Session-
Board—
25 Contra Co«ta Water 84 124
25 Contra Costa Water, cash 64 00
6 Contra Costa Water 64 00
60 Equitable Gas. cash 10 00
75 Hana Plantation Co, cash 17 25
35 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
66 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 25
fO Hutehinaon 8 P Co 34 00
to Hutchinson 8 P Co 33 874
$sf>oo Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. ll7 25
10 Market-st Railway 63 00
IS Marlcet-et Railway.... 62 .5
60 Mutual Electric Light » 75
50 Mutual Electric Light 14 "*
120 Mutual Electric Light 15 oo
275 Mutual Electric Light 15 IZH
75 Pacific Gas Imp 83 «>
7 S V Water, b 5 Wl 7o
76 V Water j. • «£ i»
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 8* W
Street— ,_ 
10 Hana Plantation C 0...... »' »
35 Alaska Packers' Association. 108 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 83 io
800 Hutchinaon S P Co ••• «* w
INVESTMENT BOARD. *
Morning Session.
Board— t „ ..
50 Hutchinson 8 P Co ••• « 70
25 Hana Plantation Co *' «?
25 S V Water l »} £
200 Equitable Gaslight ' £> »
10 Market-st Railway « **
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 71 w
BO Mutual Electric Light.... 1* ™
Afternoon Session.
Board—  -,
25 Mutual Electric Light }* «**
75 Equitable Gaslight ,2 i»u.
60 Equitable Gaslight £> "*
40 Market-st Railway 2? b > U
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .1 »£>*
80 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar Tl <5
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran- .
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. . i
850 Andes 23:1200 Hale & Norcrs. 37
200 Andes 22 200 Hale & Norcrs. 38
. 300 Belcher 30 1 300 Justice 28
800 Best & Belcher 86 450 Mexican 78
200 Best & Belcher 63 i 1250 Ophir 120
200 Bullion 091 100 Overman IS
500 Bullion ......... OS 100 Potoei **
200 Caledonia 43 700 Savage 33
200 Caledonia 45 200 Savage a
-800 Challenge 33 600 Seg Belcher.... 07
700 Chollar ". 43; 200 Sierra Nev I£>
1150 Con Cal & V...2 25 1400 Sierra Nev 120
100 Confidence S9| ISO Union Con 81
200 Crown Point... 32 500 Union Con 60
60 Crown Point... 31 200 Utah £
300 Crown Point... S3 ■ 100 Utah ••■■•••"•■ :'
1400 Gould & Curry. 46 100 Yellow Jacket.. 38
500 Gould & Curry. 451 200 Yellow Jacket.. 35
Afternoon Session.
400 Alta. 15! 200 Mexican 74
400 Andes 24 300 Occidental 36
200 Belcher SO f 600 Ophir J«
100 Belcher 29 100 Ophir 12°
600 Best & Belcher 63 200 Overman 18
100 Best & Belcher 64 700 Potosi 3*
200 Bullion 09 1500 Savage 32
100 Caledonia 44 100 Savage 33
100 Caledonia 45, 200 Scorpion . "6
400 Chollar 43 • 1200 Seg Belcher.... 06
1200 Con Cal & V...2 Tt 100 Sierra Nev 1 2 ; >
130 Con Cal & V...1 3-1 300 Sierra Nev 130
100 Crown Point... 31 300 Union Con 64
800 Gould & Curry. 47 1 500 Utah 29
600 Hale & Norcrs. 391 100 Utah ........... £
100 Julia 04 35 Yellow Jacket.. 30
200 Justice 261
' Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning' Session.
200 Andes 23 "50 Ophir 1 25
300 Andes :::::::::: 22 <00 Oph r in*
300 Belcher 30 800 Ophir 120
1700 Best & Belcher 73 500 Overman 17
1200 Best & Belcher 70 500 Overman 16
600 Best & Belcher 69 i 200 Potosi 34
400 Best & Btlcher 68 400 Potosi 33
500 Bullion 09 500 Savage <o
600 Bullion OS i 400 Savage 33
600 Chollar 44 i 400 Savage 31
200 Con Cal & V...2 40! 600 Savage 32
250 Con Cal & V.2 42% 1000 Eeg Belcher.... OS
600 Con Cal & V...2 35 1000 Seg Belcher.... 0.
600 Con Oal & V...2 SO 200 Sierra Nev...l 27-hi
400 Con Cal & V.2 271*: 1500 Sierra Nev 1 30
900 Con Cal & V...2 25 1900 Sierra Nev.....l 2*
300 Con Cal & V.2- 224 1100 Sierra Nev...l 22^
1800 Crown Point... 3D 2200 Sierra Nev 120
600 Crown Point... 31 300 Sierra Nev...l 27^
200 Gould & Curry. 60 100 Standard 3 10
150 Gould & Curry. 4» 200 Standard 3 15
1200 Gould & Curry. 46 1400 Union Con... . 66
400 Gould & Curry. 47 500 Union Con J»
700 Hale & Norcrs. 37 1100 Union Con 63
600 Hale & Norcrs. 351 410 Union Con 62
250 Mexican 80 300 Union Con 61
200 Mexican 76 200 Union Con 64
400 Mexican 77 400 Utah ........... 27 ;
200 Mexican 74 400 Yellow Jacket.. 35
600 Ophir 1 324 300 Yellow Jacket.. 34
600 Ophir 1 30
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes :.. 22 400 Occidental 38
400 Belcher 28 300 Occidental o7
300 Best & Belcher C 5 500 Occidental ..... *
400 Best & Belcher 62 300 Ophir 1 22%
600 Best & Belcher 60 100 Ophir 1 20 j
900 Bullion 081 400 Ophir 1 15 j
600 Chollar 42 j 1000 Overman 16 |
400 Con Cal & V...2 25, 500 Potosi 3
450 Con Cal & V...2 20 600 Potosi 33
600 Con Cal & V...2 15 1100 Savage o2
500 Con Cal & V.2 12H| SOD Seg Belcher.... 06
800 Crown Point... 30 200 Sierra Nev...l 27£
400 Crown Point... 29; 300 Sierra Nev 12»
200 Crown Point... 28 400 Sierra.. Nev 120
500 Hale & Norcrß. 39 600 Sierra Nev...l li'J
300 Hale & Norcrs. 38 350 Union Con 64
600 Hale & Norcrs. 37 500 Union Con bS
1000 Justice 21 600 Union Con 62
500 Justice 24 300 Union Con 60
700 Justice 23 300 Union Con 58
800 Mexican 76 600 Union Con 59
300 Mexican 72 1800 Utah 2*
400 Mexican 71; 500 Utah ■••••■ ■
600 Mexican 70 500 Yellow Jacket.. 3.)
250 Mexican 69 600 Yellow Jacket.. 36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. February 21—4 p. m.
Bid-Ask, i Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 10 11 Julia 03 04
A] a 14 15 [Justice 25 20
Andes".: ... 22 23Kentuck ...... 10 Hi
bSB3S« ■:::::::: 26 27 Lady Wash.... - 05
Benton C0n.... 10 — ! Mexican .0 71 •
Best & Belcher 60 61 Occidental 3o — \
Bullion 07 08 Ophir 1101 15
Caledonia ...... 44 45 Overman 15 16
Chollar.. 42 44; Poto i 32 33
Challenge Con. 29 3'> Savage 30 31
Confldenca — M Scorpion Oo —
Con Cal & V...3 10 215 Seg. Belcher.... - 0o
Con Imperial... 02 03 Sierra Nev 1201 2o
Crown Point... 27 29 Sljver HUI 04 8C
Con New York. — 06 S>-ndlcate — 09
Eureka C0n.... — 40 Standard 300 —
Exchequer 03 04 Union Con 69 61
Gould & Curry. 45 46 Utah -•••••••■-• 25 26
Hale & Norcrs. 38 39 1 Yellow Jacket.. 34 33
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Julia '•'..;
Savage .-•
Hale & Norcross. |
Sierra Nevada.... ■
Justice I
Alta
29 I.. Jan. 12 ..Mar. 8 OS
94 [..Feb. 31. .Feb. 27 10
1 ..Feb. 4 ..Feb. 28 15
115 ..Feb. IS ..Mar. IS 20
64 ..Feb. 20 ..Mar. 181 05
61 [..Mar. 9!. . Apr. 41 05
26 Mar. 12[..Apr. 51 05
60 I.. Mar. 14!.. Apr. 11. 10
.. j Mar. 21 ..Apr. .. '05
Challenge 1
Belcher
Overman .....
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and How
. "Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
\ Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortly of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hisrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
"WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22.
Sun rises..... «60
Bun sets » :o8
Moon sets 4:58 a. m.
[Time]
Ft.
i Ft. |
!^l
0.1
9:
10 :(
10:<
11:
3
4:
4
5
10:54 5.0
11:31 6.1
11:44 5.3
4:1
6:
6.
U
11:44
I
......
. xsr\
I 5:-
-1-
1-5.1
, WI
6:001 O.S
0::
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldei
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
sjid the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey chartß, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, I. 8. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 21, 1*99.
The time ball will not be dropped February
22 on account of It being a holiday.
W. S. HTTQHEB,
Lieutenant, I*. S. X.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Due.
Empire
Geo. W. Elder.
Mackinaw
8ri5t01......... I
Wyefield [
Point Arena...
Coos 8ay.......
Samoa
Areata
Chllkat I
State of Cal...
E. .Thompson..
M1ne01a.........
Signal
Weeott ..
Corona
North Fork....
Umatilla
Pomona
Coquille River.
Czarina.;
Cleveland j
Wellington I
Orizaba I
Gae1ic.......... I
Australia.....:)
Crescent City.
Santa Rosa....
Columbia......
C. Nelson ,
Coos Bay 1
Portland
Tacoma ....; J
I Departure 8ay......;... f
. Nanalmo ..' J
Point Arena '.
, Newport ...:.:... I
Humboldt .
, Coos Bay
I Humboldt ......
Portland
Seattle
. Tacoma
Astoria |
. Coos 8ay................. I
. San Diego -.
, Humboldt |
. Victoria & Puget Sound
Humboldt j
Tillamook • .
Tacoma ■....
Puget Sound '.. '..
, 'Departure • Bay '.: I
| Newport !
China and, Japan
(Honolulu
[Crescent City.....
, San Dieg0................
Portland ....:
[Puget 80und....,!.
Feb. 25
[Feb. 25
Feb. 2*
Feb. H
Feb. *
[Feb. 26
Feb. 26
Feb '26
[Feb 27
[Fe>. 27
Fed. 28
[Fib. 28
Nar. 1
23
22
23
23
23
23
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination, I
Sails.
Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 24
Aloha ..Point Arena.. Feb. 22. 3pm Pier 2
0 , Humboldt.... Feb. 23. 2 pm Per 9
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Feb. 22, 11 am Pier U
« - fy^ney Ports. Feb, 23. 10 am Pier '?
Moana : Sydney Feb. 23. 10 am Pier IS
A. Blanch'dUoos 8ay. .....Feb. 23. « pm P er IS
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt 3d. Feb to. 10 am Pi 9
Areata ..... Coos Bay Feb. £10amP er IS
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Feb. 25. 3 pm Per IS
ChllkaT .... Humboldt Feb. 25. 2pmPer 13
Coos Bay... Newport...... Feb. 26. 9 am F er 11
Weeott .... Yaqulna Bay. Feb. 27. 10 am Fer 13
State of Cal Portland Feb. 2,. 10 am P er 24
Corona San Diego Feb. 27, 11 am Pier A
City of Para Panama Feb- 28. 12 m PMSS
Orizaba .... Newport Mar. 1. 9 am Fter ll
City Peking China & Japn Mar. 1. 1 jm ™SB!
Umatilla ..Vic & Pgt Sd. Mar. 2, 10 am Fie, 3
SHIPPING I3iTEIXIGE*CE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. February H-
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. 61% hours from
V S^ a pomona. Parsons, 17 hours from Eu
"Br' stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, 90 hours from
C Stmr" Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61% hour, from
S s"m I r l G S e°or^ C Loomls. Bridgett. 36 hours from
V |"mr a Sequola. Thwing. 14 hours from Frt
B Br"'G«i«-i AM MVi days from Tacoma. via
Ca s^hr F Ann e re y i!ar S enr S Whlt c . 7 days from Ta-
C °Sc 1 hr Archie and Fontie. Jensen. 10 noun from
Stewarts Point.
CLEARED
Tuesday. February 21.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. „ _
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria: O R A N , C
Jap stmr 'America Maru Cose
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; Toyo Kise.;
KaiSha - SAILED.
Tuesday, February 21.
Jap stmr America Maru, Cope. Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall, San Pedro. N
Stmr North Fork. Bash Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Andecnen.
Stmr Luella, Miller, Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Br ship Scottish Hills. Blackmore, Port
Townsend.
CHARTERS.
The Mary Dodge loads mdse for Hana.
The C A Thayer loads lumber at Grays Har
bor for Suva. Fiji; Lyman D Foster, lumber
at Port Blakeley for Shanghai, 55«: Orion,
lumber at Chemainus for Calcutta. 80s; Snow
& Burgess, lumber at Port Blakeley for Dela
-1 goa Bay. 62s 6d; Troop, wheat at Portland for
Europe, 33s 3d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 21, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SANTA CRUZ— Arrived Feb 20— Br schr En
terprise, from sealing cruise, hence Jan 3.
Sailed Feb 20— Schr W S PhelDS, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 21— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Samoa, hence Feb 19.
COOB BAY— Bar bound Feb 21— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Feb 20— Schr
Chas R Wilson, hence Feb 8; schr Jennie The
lin. hence Feb 5.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr West
j port, from Eureka.
j Sailed Feb 21— Schr Meteor, for Port Town-
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 21— Ship LrUdle, for
i San Francisco.
: TACOMA— Arrived Feb 21— Stmni Ciarina and
Cleveland, hence Feb 16.
Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Al-Kl, for Dyea; stmr
Mineola, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb 21— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
Sailed Feb 21— Aus stmr Slam, for Nanalmo.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Noyj, for
San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Feb 21— Stmr Whltea-
I boro, for San Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed Feb 21— Ship Win
H Macy, for San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^^ Steamers leave Broadway
ia^ wharf. San Francisco:
1 HB&ObK For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
i flg>?WqNsfr Feb. 5. 10. 15. ! '. 25: Mar. 2:
E&lfinSl change at Peattle.
lIMi^I ml For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IffaflnsirfflPMi C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^**«2£Sfc«|M Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25:
AT.f ? »Lnd every fifth day thereafter; change
GavYota: Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
fan Pedro. East San Pedro .Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a m . Feb. 1, 5. 9 13. 17 21. 28.
Mar 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford fSan Luie Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Lo* Angeles and^Redondo '^An^eles). ll^a.
even' fourth day thereafter. _
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Ma/atlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Feb. 11, Mar. 9, ■
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar M hnnr« of Pntilnsr.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Srear-stre«t Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE •*> 2 First c las» lnclndine Berths
IMIIL £8 Second Clas-» and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12. 22: March 4, 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7, 17. fT.
March 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOOALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
PSSVHHIP Thursday, Feb. 23. at
IfeHlllL^lls via Honolulu and
IT fc" w Auckland for Sydney
■ Thursday, Feb. 23. at
(JiXlA' A 10 p. m.
fSBflOlShD^ S - s - AUSTRALIA
2?mcrahll_ ails for Honolulu
@JHO3R(P Wednesday. March S.
~ at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
'-:•.;■.• 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisoo.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantiqus.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS .^^.
(FRANCE), Sailing every Saturday <*sggß|
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North TwWrma>
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE February 9
LA NORMANDIE ....March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE March 11
LA BRETAGNE .March 18
LA TOURAINE ••••■•- March M
First-class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre J45 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 8 Bowling Green, New York.
j F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
6 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
TOY? KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., lor
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb. «1
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. '■■'■'■;■
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEVT YOBS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
From New York : Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul February 221 St. Paul March 15
Bt. Louis March I 1 St. Louis March £3
RED STAR LINE,
New York and ' Antwerp.
From ; New York Every Wednesday, It noon.
Kensington Feb'y 16 South March I
>'oordland Feb'y 22] Westernland.. March 15
rriesland March I 'Kensington March 2)
EMPIRE LINE,
■ Seattle, St. Michael. Dawgon City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
'■ ■' ■ ■ : 'i - sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
tO Montgomery St.. • -ny of its agencies
BAY AND RIVER ST.eiAMERa.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
' ' ' Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43 a.
m., 3.15. 8:30 p. m. (ex.' Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. in.
Landing and office, MUslon-sC Dock, Pier No,
I. •■ Telephone, Main 1508.
- FARE uMiMwuiMjuuimyumiiiir* 1TROUBLE OVER
LOADING THE
CITY OF YORK
Captains Quarrel Over
.A ■ Precedence.
v ■
?A : NEW SCHOONER RECORD
THREE TUGS TO BE LAUNCHED
.' :•:•:.•. NEXT SATURDAY.
■•" Schooner Lvnan D. Foster Estab
•■-{"y-.iishes a New Record Grand
• ".<■:• •.'• Duchess Olga Nearly
/."■;'■:■'■ '■'■ . Lost a Charter.
.-.■■Th.e- largest merchant steamer afloat is
./oVijed In England, and the largest sail
''■t?.s vessel In Germany. The Oceanic re
£fins? ■ "launched in Belfast leads all In
•h-er: crass and the Potosi launched from
: .:-Ge.riaar. shipyards in 1535 takes the pride
:;of. ; .place among wind-jammers. The
, built in France; the May Flint
"ift'd.: -Roanoke. built in the United States,
.'isd. 'the Somali, built In England, run
•'.;hgr ..close. The May Flint. Roanoke and
'■So^lali have all visited this port, and the
; .-prance and Potosi may be seen here dur
•Vng'.-the year. :
■ •::Th« Potosi is a stetl five-masted bark
ls-i -io^T tons gross and 3554 ton 3 net bur
;;<Jenl-/'. She is 355 feet 3 inches long, 49 feet
:•„<;'■ inches -broad and 2S feet 5 inches deep.
. : Sfie : is owned by F. Latisz of Hamburg,
. and 'is at the present time on her way
.'from Hamburg for Iquique. She is one
uof-'th-s fastest i: net the fastest sailing
vessel afloat, and on several occasions has
beaten' steamer time between Chile and
'Ger.many. She is a very handsome Teasel,
'.as -.'.will be seen from the accompanying
■■•r tit; and spreads an enormous quantity
! of 'Canvas..
: ■ ■-.Th.c.re were lively times around the
:sriiish- ship City or York yesterday. She
Ha six' section 3 of the seawall, and steam
' "schooners are loading her with lumber for
:'£xeemantle, Australia. Monday night the
Cj-Ascent City, Captain Stoekneth, arrived
, from -•Crescent City with a load for the
City ■ York and anchored near the sea-
Vail-' -Early yesterday morning Captain
; JStocJkn'eth ■ prepared to get his vessel
■-' alongside the snip and begin discharg
ing'- While the vessel was moving along
.•u-id4r a slow bell the Sequoia, Captain
'."lih'iv'ir.g, came in from Fort Bragg. Tne
' S«tiuoia --aljso had a load of lumber for the
. x'itv -ot-. York, and Captain Thwing lost
•teo-'jiime in -ing alongside. He nosed
the! -Crescent City out of the way. and be
f-ir 'Captain e Stockrieth could protest the
Sequoia was made fast. Then the war of
. wi>r£s began, and both skippers were soon
•-lighting mad. '
• "..Captain Stoekneth was not to be beaten,
••fiowßver and while telling Captain
i.TiwMng what he thought about him he
:' v-:\.± -"run the nose of his vessel against
: the ship and two of his men clambered
'■'■aboard. On a given signal the men from
vthe Crescent City cut the Sequoia's lines
and Ciptain Sto'cktieth, getting his ves
sel's* nose between the Sequoia and the
-'City of York, pushed the former into the
Stream -and made fast. He then warned
• : 'C&Dtain .wing that if he interfered with
hir"- again he would run the Sequoia
■ down and sink her. The warning was
■ heeded and the Sequoia docked at the sea
** wall
= Captain Thwir.g was anxious to get rid
'. of his load, so he went to Captain Jones
rof the City of York and asked b;rn to
• brea«t "his ship out so that h<? caa>i get
• the "sequoia between her and the " sea
; wkll ar.d thus discharge over one side,
■ w£i!e the Crescent City discharged over
the other. Captain Jones refused, so Cap
tain- Thwing will have to wait until the
• -Crescent City is discharged.
The schooner Lyman D. Foster has es
■ tablished a r.ew record between China
s and the coast. She made the run from
"Shanghai to Port Townsend in twenty
•'four days, a splendid performance. The
■ F^=ter is one of the smartest schooners
•owned en the coast and has made uniform
g'ocd voyages since she was launched.
• -' Thr^e tugs will be launched from the
"Union Iron Works next Saturday. The
! Fearless, for the J. D. Spreckels Towboat
Campanv," and the "Wallula, for the Ore
•go'.i Railway and Navigation Company,
are sister vessels, and the Union, for the
"Union Iron .Work3, is about the same size
"as ih« Rockaway. All three tugs will be
• launched between U a. m. and noon and
will be christened by children of the
workmen employed in the iron works.
■•" ■■-The'" Japanese cruiser Chitose wia be
•■•turned- over to the representative of the
■ Japanese Government next Monday. The
ve««-el has been tested in every possible
. .wa;y and has proved satisfactory In every
" rb Tr,.-°" "French bark Grand Duchess Olga.
saved- her charter by about half an hour
St^ is a brand new vessel and when she
■ '•■ailed from Noumea, the capital of the
'•French penal settlement in New Caie
■■'aaT/Ia;- she was expected to make a fast
' tuiixo Portland, but failed to do so and
'nhly showed up in the Columbia River a
■ «e'w hours before her charter expired. The
itak Emma Hayard had hold of her, but
''was not making much progress, so the
Harvest Queen was sent cut and the two
: -got her in just in time. The loss of the
charter would have meant a loss of $3000
to the Grand Duchess Olga.
' • The battleship lowa will be open to the
• jMJbflc this afternoon, but no very great
i nwb of. visitors is expected. Henry Pe
•V-terson 1 will run the launches Amy and
'■■VriTiam D from the Folsom street float
'-a? usual, but it is doubtful if any other
; tpga will run, as all of them lost money
'list Sunday.
THE JT7BY DISAGREED.
: .Carl Yon Tiedeman Must Again Be
>••••: . - Tried for Perjury.
."-.-'The Jury in the case of Carl "W. yon
: /Ti7sdenian' disagreed last night after de-
Vljberating six hours. Yon Tiedeman was
I'Gn tplal before Judge Dunne and a Jury on
: ; ; .-. ' POSTUM: CEREAL.
it's Not
|he Bicycle
• .■TJiat is entitled to the credit for carry-
v"tng;!:the. rider to the tape first.
,■■'„- /-.rt's his strength, muscle and good
;; -health..
'. vV.Proper food and drink make these.
...'.■ ■ Improper food and drink do the
-' :." reverse.
'-iCdffee Is the bane of all athletics.
" ■••i-It affects the heart and wind.
; : .•Al.l trainers agree on this and forbid
; iis "hise.
« .--.' Postum Cereal Food Coffee makes a
.-Etea.dy heart; builds muscle and
.' strength.
■ . '".- ' Trainers also agree on this and
' .."-recommend its use.
■ .'■.-Postum is composed of the parts of
.• tfee -cereals that go directly to rebuild
V.'lhe'.lost gray matter in the nerve cells.
. ■■Ask your doctor.
■■ : • if. you would be perfectly healthy,
:: p/bandon ..coffee and other stimulants
! " .ancd.-use nature's remedy — pure foods.
.. ; : f lnWist that the cook boil Postum; 13
'• ::minutes. ■
l : *'.-'■ Ts.e -seal Is printed in red on the
-.'• genuine package, /^'o
'"*" ■•■lf # the grocer endeavors to palm off
: .on you an imitation, we will deem it a
■■:fa'vor'if you will send us his name.
: POSTUM CEREAL CO., Limited.
.-. .' Battle Creek, Mich-
. :•• .. .„>.. •-.-■■■
LARGEST SAILING VESSEL AFLOAT.
-THE German five-masted bark Potoßi, now on her way from Hamburg for Iquique, is the largest vessel
• of her class ever built. She is 3354 tons net burden and carries over 6000 tons of nitrate. After the
Potosi comes the French ship La France, the American ships May Flint and Roanoke aad the British ship
Somali.
a charge of perjury, and the hearing
•hat was concluded yesterday was the
b he has gone through on the charge.
He was originally arrested for recording
a forged deed, but was acquitted or. his
.ony that a woman gave nlm the
deed He identified a photograph as the
woman, but the photo subsequentiy
proved to be that of Sarah Owen Spencer.
"iceman was then arrested for p«r
jurv but on three occasions the jury dis
agreed. The fourth trial, which ended
yesterday, resulted as had the others.
Keith'e. See window Washington's
birthday, Phelan building. *
WILL NOT SUBMIT TO
THE GAS COMPANY
One Patron Who Shows His Resent
ment for Its Exactions by
Means of a Suit.
Apparently the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Light Company has run up
against another of those little circum
stances which tend to rob life of joy. It
has once more- been trying its bulldozing
tactics in relation to meters, has been
sued and now wishes to compromise.
It seems that E. Osterdorf. a grocery
man of 2701 Howard street, rented prem
ises from an owner who lived on the floor
above. The meter was never changed to
the name of Osterdorf, but the bills were
regularly paid. On a recent occasion the
collector called when Osterdorf was out.
and so that gentleman went to the office
to settle the bill. There he was informed
that he would have to put np a deposit
for the meter, and this he promptly de- I
clined to do. The representative of the
company then told him that unless he
paid the meter would be taken out. He
still refused, and the threat was made
good. .Osterdorf found that evening that
his store had to be lighted by means of
lamps.
Displeased at this treatment, which he
considered both unjust and unlawful. Os
terdorf consulted an attorney, who there
upon brought suit, setting the amount of
damages at JluOO. The company then
seemed to relent, for after a brief interval
the meter was replaced, and a little later
dsterdorf received a message from his
lawyer that the company was ready to
compromise the case for $250. Before giv
ing a decision he will consult his lawyer
more fully.
Just where the corporation calculates
on securing a profit from this style of
usage has frequently been discussed, but
never explained.
HONORED THE MEMORY
OF WASHINGTON
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK HOW)
CEREMONIES.
Speeches and Song at Metropolitan
Temple Appreciated by a Pa
triotic Audience.
Metropolitan Temple was crowded last
evening, the occasion being a grand cele
bration given under the auspices of the
Knights of St. Patrick. In honor of Wash
ington's birthday. The hail was tasteful
ly decorated with bunting and American
and Irish flags and the picture of the first
President was in evidence. John J. Bar
rett, president of the organization, spoke
on the objects of his society and paid a
tribute to Ireland and her struggle for
liberty. He dwelt at length on Washing
ton and his achievements and was warm
ly applauded.
Hon. Franklin K. Lane, City and Coun
ty Attorney, followed In an interesting
description of Washington as a man. He
enlivened his remarks ylth anecdotes and
an account of the boyhood of the Father
of His Country.
The following excellent numbers were
then rendered:
Overture, "America," Grennan Orches
tra- vocal solo, selected. Mr. W. W. Fin
nic; vocal solo. "The Vales of Arklow."
Mrs. J. XV. Madden; vocal solo. "The Pos
tilion " Mr. Robert Lloyd; trombone solo,
selected. Mr. M. Hobbs; musical selec
tions, "Bohemian* Girl." orchestra; vocal
■ solo, "Douglass Gordon," Mr. Rhys
Thomas; vocal solo, selected. Miss Eivfa
Crox (by kind permission of Mrs. Erne
stine Kreling of the Tlvoli); finale, or
chestra. . 
Following are the officers of the
Knights of St. Patrick: President John
J. Barrett; first vice president. J. J. Ml
dea; second vice president, W. F. Hum
phrey; recording secretary, T. J. Stanton;
financial secretary, P. J. McCormlck; cor
responding secretary. John M-uihern;
treasurer, T. P. Riordan; marshal. D. J.
Dunne; sergeant at arms. Daniel Leahy.
Board of directors— Frank T. Shea; Jere
math Deasy. William Cronan, J. R. To
bin and T. J. Welsh.
The twenty-fourth annual banquet of
the Kniehts of St. Patrick will be held in
Maple Hall, Palace Hotel, on Thursday,
March 16, at 6:43 p. m.
. ■♦ • ; /
Photographs of paintings and
groups that are "being finished to
commemorate the glorious deeds of
the war, in next Sunday's CalL
To Entertain Newspaper Artists.
The Students' Art Club will tender a re- ;
ceptlon to the local newspaper artists to
morrow evening at the Best studio, in the
Eama Spreckels building. At the recep
tion the local artists will be expected to
draw cartoons that will meet the appro
val of "Kid" Works. "Too Much" John
son ■ Morehouse and other political
corpses. As a restorative in case the j
artists are attacked with exhaustion in j
the performance of their arduous and dis
agreeable task refreshments, solid and ■
otherwise, will be served from time to '
time during the evening. I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
INSURANCE MEN
ELECT OFFICERS
AND ADJOURN
Edward Niles Chosen
President.
A BANQUET AT DELMONICO'S
FIRE UNDERWRITERS WIND UP •
WITH A FEAST.
A Number of Interesting and In- ;
structive Papers Read by Mem
bers of the Association at
the Day Sessions.
After two days of Instructive and en- j
joyable intercourse, winding up with a !
banquet In the evening at Delmonlco's, j
the Fire Underwriters' Association of the !
Pacific concluded its twenty-third an
nual session yesterday and adjourned ;
sine die. The attendance was even larger
yesterday than on the opening day and
the programme included the reading of ■
some very interesting papers.
C. G. Heifner, State Insurance Commis- i
sioner of "Washington, contributed a pa
per on "The Advantages of a State In- !
EDWARD NILES, President of the Fire Underwriters'
Association of the Pacific.
ADVEBTISZJfLENTS. ; —■__'; '. -
{ -f o♦ o -fo-t-o-fo-f o'-f o-t-o-t-o-t-o-»-o+o-f -f o +o«f o-f o^fof o-fo^o^o^o-f-o^o
' . - ; - '■ ■ ■'■ : ■'-.'■•■■'
An Instrument of Torture
"111 r "m* 1 1 mum ii« 7J*^>i^ Is & Truss made on the plan ! as
[ >gg ■ m^ l^^S^ s n 'i^il£^^^-- ,7V shown, with a heavy st««l or Iron
• f JdSSl' ii^ r liMi » band, as you know If you have
- / _«<*^ l^Qa&^ BK ■ been !n the habit of wearing one.
, 1 OP*^ ■ : -^^* ' : ' VP^^ Throw it away! Why will you
■ V _, „. ■*£&&s%¥ continue wearing such an instru-
/o*r-~, |CT ment of torture, when we can fur.
li O!w ml iBK&F nieh you a moat efficient truss—
'/;.■: "^^r^-^-r-TP^HE^ WT' ELASTlC— without any Iron
' rT hoops or steel springs about it,
• and cm« that may b« worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and
DAY? As for CURES, DR. PIERCES Celebrated MAGNETIC ELAS-
• TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC
TRUSS, the only genuine and 1 successful one ever invented- Electricity
• is the only thing that will CURE rupture, and when Dr. Pierces Truss
cures a rupture it stays cured. Send 2c in stamp* for our "Book No. 1,"
or call at office. Address:
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY
020 Kar&et Street (Opposite Paiao« Howl), San Prancisoo.
surance Commissioner, Both to the Com
panies and to the Insured," which was
warmly, applauded, and other subjects
treated were as follows:
W. H. Gibbons, "The Petroleum Hazard" ;
A C. Thornton. "Sketches on the Road"; Cal
vert Meade, "Association Wine Problem":
Franz Jacoby. "Insurance Dictionary" ; J. I*.
Fuller, "Value of the Board to the Local
Agent."
The reading of certain choice selections
from the ■'California Knapeack," the of
ficial organ of the association, provoked
considerable mirth, and then the members
i ('.own to the election of officers for
the ensuing year, with the following re
sult:
President. Edward Miles; vice president.
Frank J. Devlin; secretary-treasurer. Calvert
Meade (re-elected). _
Executive Committee— T. Fog-arty,
chairman; Alfred R. Grim. Leslie A. right.
A resolution of thanks to the retiring
president. Louis Weinman, for his effi
cient work during his term of office was
unanimously adopted. ■:<■;'•
Edward Niles. who succeeds Mr. Wein
man as president. Is special agent of the
British and Mercantile Insurance Com
pany in this city and Is one of the most
popular insurance men on the coast. He
has been an active member of the asso
ciation for the past nine years, and has
been successively secretary, member of
the executive committee and vice presi
dent. He came to California twenty
seven years ago, and has been in the in
surance business for sixteen years. He
was at one time manager of the Compact
Association for the northwest and assist
ant manager of the Pacific Insurance
Union.
The re-election of Calvert Meade as
secretary of the association was a de
served recognition of his ability and
worth. *
The new library committee appointed by
President Niles is composed of Herbert
Folger (chairman), Whitney Palache and
H. McD. Spencer.
At 5 p. m. the association adjourned,
with the injunction for all members to be
present at the banquet.
The banquet at Delmonico's in the
evening was a complete success. Among
the speakers were: President Louis
Weinmann. President Edward Niles, John
T. Fogarty, Professor Hask&Jl of the State
University, Mr. Burnett, T. C. Coogan,
R. C. Medcraft and Lee McKenzle. .-./..-
Elsie Williams Refused Bail.
Another application was made yester-
-day to Judge Cook for the release on
bail of Elsie Williams, under conviction
on a charge of extorting money from Cap
tain Nevills. Judge Cook denied the ap
plication, but an appeal, as in the case
of Myron Azhderian, will be taken to the
Supreme Court. Azhderian was d<
bail by Judge Cook, but on appeal the
Supreme Court released the accused on a
bond of $17,000. Affidavits will be present
ed to the Supreme Court to the effect that
Mrs. "Williams is in poor health and on
that showing it is thought that the higher
court will release the prisoner.
B'NE B'RITH ELECTS OFFICERS
Fathers McKinnon and Boherty Are
Thanked for Services at
Manila.
A great portion of the session of the
1 Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
: B'ne B'rith was taken up yesterday in
| the discussion of optional endowment,
■■ with the result that the lodge, as a com
', mittee of the whole, was not in favor of
i the proposition.
The following were elected grand offi
cers for the ensuing year:
S!g Sichel of Portland Lodge, president;
Lucius L. Solomon of Occidental Lodge,
1 first vice president; George Samuels of
Oakland Lodge, second vice president;
Benjamin Harris of Carson Lodge, treas
urer (re-elected) ; Israel J. Aschheim of
. Golden Gate Lodge, secretary (re-elected) ;
Simon Hochstadter of Miriam Lodge. Max
Marcuse of Oakland Lodge and Julius
Platshek of Ophir Lodge, trustees (re
elected); Samuel Flyshaker of Modin
Lodge, sergeant-at-arms: A. N. Levy of
. Montefiore Lodge, messenger; Dr. a. S.
Kahn of Unity Lodge, chief medical ex
; aminer; J. Greenbaum, H. Schwartz. Ed
Tausky, Sol Bloom and Marcus Rosen
thai were chosen to constitute the court
: of district No. 4.
The Grand Lodge adopted a resolution
; to tho effect that It having been, by let
! ters received from Manila, established
: that kindly and generous services were
rendered to those coreligionists of the
; members of the Grand Lodge who are
serving in the army in the Philippines by
Rev. Father McKinnon and Rev. Father
Doherty. it expressed its most grateful
appreciation of such services by tender
; ing its sincere thanks to the reverend gen
; tlemen.
In the evening some routine business
■ was disposed of and to-night there will be
a banquet at the Palace.
SLAVE OWNER ARRAIG3JTD.
X. Y. Toda's Case Is Continued Until '
Friday.
The case of K. Y. Toda, charged with ;
enticing Nai Koko Chiyo. a Japanese girl ;
under IS years of age. into a house of ill ';
fame by representing that he was the :
owner of a store and desired to employ I
her, was called in Judge Conlan's court ;
yesterday. Toda was instructed and ar- |
ralgned. Prosecuting Attorney Low asked
tor a continuance, as Attorney T. D. Rior- j
dan. who had been engaged to specially '
prosecute the case, was unable to be pres
ent. Attorney Dona yon, for the defer.<!
ant, opposed any continuance, but b
cut short by the Judge, who continued
the case until Friday morning.
■ ♦ ■
Read what President I>w-ight of :
Yale has to say on the object of edu
cation, in next Sunday's Call.
Tariff Reciprocity With Mexico.
Collector Jackson yesterday received
a copy of the proclamation of President
McKinley, dater February 9. ordering the
suspension of all discriminating duties on
tonnage or imposts on Mexican \
and products. This is a reciprocity meas
ure in return for similar action on the
part of the Mexican Government with re
spect to American resseta and products.
An Orchestral Concert.
An orchestral concert wiQ be given at
the Emanuel Baptist Church next Friday
evening. A select orchestra of thirty
pieces under the direction of Charles J.
Wiggins will render sweet music through
out the evening. Many weil known vo
ralist will sing.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant, Simple, but Sals and Ef-
fectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of stomach has long been con-
sidered the next thing to incurable. The :
! usual symptoms are a full or bloating j
i sensation after eating, accompanied some-
times with sour or watery risings, a for-
mation of gases, causing pressure on the
[ heart and lungs and difficult breathing;
headaches, fickle appetite, nervousness
I and a general played out. languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste In the mouth,
; coated tongue and if the Interior of the
stomach could be 'seen it would show a
slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure of this common and obstinate '■
trouble is found in a treatment which ,
; causes the food to be readily, thoroughly j
' digested before it has time to ferment i
and irritate the delicate mucous surfaces j
of the stomach. To secure a prompt and j
healthy digestion is the one' necessary I
thing to do and when normal digestion is
secured the catarrhal condition will have
disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and test treatment Is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase, Asep-
tic Pepsin, a little Nux. Golden Seal and
fruit acids. These tablets can now be found
at all drugstores under the name of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, and not being a
patent medicine can be used with perfect :
safety and assurance that healthy appe- '
tite and thorough digestion will follow j
their regular use after meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher of 2710 Dearborn St..
Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh is a local
condition resulting from a neglected cold ;
in the head, whereby the lining membrane
of the nose becomes inflamed and the
poisonous discharge therefrom pass-
ing backward into the throat reaches
the stomach, thus • producing ca-
tarrh of the stomach. Medical au-
thorities prescribed for me for three
years for catarrh of the stomach without '
cure, but to-day I am the happiest of men !
after using only one box of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. I cannot find appropriate ;
words to express my good feeling. I have j
found flesh, appetite and sound rest from
their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest
I preparation as well as the simplest and j
most convenient remedy for any form of j
Indigestion, catarrh of the stomach, bil-
iousness, sour stomach, heartburn and
bloating after meals.
Send for little book, mailed free, on \
stomach troubles, by addressing Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich. The tablets can be
found at all drugstores.
nmuna |||-?fll If)
fßjl jaflf^ "°> - ;T » Iff I Hll
£|£sl<*% wimi-io
THE NEW
erir ICth Day. «• /1L , it rnCnUnii
VITA US ABOTX Sal. Da . DCIICIaV
PBOpFcis'tn: iBOTI 30thCa 7 . HUH CU! II
KSSrLTS. It qaiekly a surely rots arts serreruseas > Impotent?,
S:*ht!jr Emissions, Zr.l Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
•f self-abase or excess and Indiscretion. Restores Le«t Yltaliry,
P»w*t and Failmf Memory. Wards oS Insanity and Cinjunip-
lion. Cures when ail others fall. In«:>t in hiring VITA 1.1 >*.
no ether. Can be carried in the Test pocket. By mail ai.OO
per package or six for *i.OO with a {nannies to Core or
Utfmni the Mosey. Clrenlar r-t. Address
CAirMET CUBE CO., 334 Dear»ora St., Caiea««
Bold by Owl Drue Co.. B. T. mad O&kl&nd.
Pennyroyal fills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B _4Sm*'v Orifjlaal mad Oaly Geamiao. A .
w A .* 'iJ*^, IMC, aJvays nllahu. labics ask ff\
m._%\ Ba^Ha Dn;|ln tbr CXicHtKrr < *i«iui Dia-gSV*
fV*%feTOPp&"W"* Or-xnd la Krfl UJ <i*U Beta.. ;c\\JP
V -»^^»33^eles. i-%led ■^'.•Ji sluo rt6boa. Take \^
1M Hdso other. Rr.f^tt. iongtnm nittifw V
I I*l *~ M tian* and imltaHonM. At Dm«i»ts. or era* 4a>
I W JJf la staaips (sr pa.— .:cm.a.-«. ustiiiumialt aaa
IX? 0 **B«U«r fur Lidice). » *• utier, ay rttm
(•V iT MalL lO,0«0 T«s«ia»oojaU. Warn* Fxptr.
v «»-rCal»a««*CTCa«Mi<*«l Co-.MjaU»oa» aqaara.
■Ma *y aS Local DrugiitM. FHTT. ♦_ i>A- i**
PIERCES
i\ns FAVORITE
RESCRIPTS
11 FOR weak women. j
~~ HEALTHY MATEMITY.
Two Grateful Women Tell of the Help They Have Received From
Mrs. Ptnkham. : K>:
I The climax of life force in woman is capable motherhood.
The first requisite for a good mother is good health.
Health of body means health of the generative organs.
Read what Mrs. G. A. NOSSAMAKTB,
i / $ s^Vs||'; Bluff ton, Ohio, says about Lydia E. Pink-
/II .<^S£fe 111 ham's Vegetable Compound, and how well
i* 1 1 4^S£m\ \ \' x^ prepared her for maternity:
>ft / CilSip* 1 1 " EAR Mrs. Pi>~kham: — I must say a word
* \\fd 3 fin praise of your Vegetable Compound. I
\ ' J^^^^^L^jr " I! 1 used three bottles of it when I was preg-
g \ s *7*»x'''^i3"^6^^^=^!L. tL— >,- nant, and labor was not nearly as long
jj^l v^pSi^j. *" i i as it was with my other babies; and
I ri^^Sa *^S lyjfcr^ J ------ m Y baby is so healthy to what the
*§fr^TJJp — j~j~ 1 1 others were. I think every woman
karr ■ V _^^^—^^Jl. " ' should use your Compound when preg- 1
felij j \ ~f^i^~~!> Q-gg<ftn~ZZZZZ nant, it will save them so much suffer- j
jLLLa \LLf<nL^^ '/^^"IIIII ing and misery. I cannot say enough
y^y^vTl^'-^j^'C^S //x& " " in praise of it. If ever I need medicine
r**g>' x^*f >^ x *^7 vH^IIi: again, I shall use your Compound."
Ay KsZ__4»7/ M \ ) / I j The most successful tonic known to
Vl< \ Zy/ ll*^ medicine for women approaching ma-
V J V^/ ' l\ ternity is Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-e-
-11,^11 \\ "*• /\ table Compound. It is a safeguard
"* \ i \| / \ for every woman who uses it, and '
I 111 v \ V / \ tte * ullest benefit comes from its
I /mN .V I \ use with Mrs. Pinkham's advice
/ I// I Vw_/ / \ freel o ffered to all woman - Her
' if / \ address is Lynn, Mass. (,
xJ^ryi*^/ yf J Here is a convincing statement,
*saJbs^M yS f >*S-- bearing directly on this subject,
~^i \ S^mffW from Mrs E - Bishop, of 1543 Pacific
"Deab Mrs. Pikkham:— l am a
great believer in your Compound. I was almost despairing of ever again being
well, as I was a great sufferer, and had been for years. I suffered from womb
trouble, and had terrible blind fits. After writing to you I tried your Com-
pound. The result was astonishing. I have used it and advocated it ever since.
In childbirth it is a perfect boon. I have often said that I should like to have its
merits thrown on the sky with a search-light* so that all women would read, and
be convinced that there is a remedy for their sufferings. "
4 Million Women have been Benefited ty Mrs. PiaHttam's Advice andMetfldie
MPPX/ITA *ttwru VITALITY
IMCPI VMM LOST VIGOR,
jgßtf^, — AND MANHOOD
&ix^^L Cures ImpdescT Night Frriaiani a&d wasriag
fi disejsa, ail effects of $el£-ihuse. or eiceo aad
'fc*"'^jj indiscrcrioa. A ncrre^ccic and blood-buiaier.
• xl *^W f Bringi the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
ffe Rv / Acres the fire cf youth. By mail 500 per
'aSc^k. fcoxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
iSljq^gP^l guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Berviia Bi«dto! Co., GHa::a « lactooa sis., gfckat*.
WALLER BROS.. IS Grant ave.,San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
'?2.")KE.4B.VTST. EstabllatMd
In 11*54 for the treatment of Prlrata
T'tse.ases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyaad mlndand
Skin Diseases. n>e doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Carngnaraotrrd. CailorwriKL
X>r. J. 1 - lilßßO^i. Box 1937. 5 an Fraadaoa
BA3X3OAD TBAVBLb
CiLIPOINirKOBTHVESTEIIIT. Cf.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry. Foot of Market fit.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAJTACU
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, l:Ct U:00 a. m>; \l:U>
1:20. 6:10, 4:10 p. m. Taur»<lair»— Extra trlf
at 11:10 p. m. Saturday*— trip* at 1:54
and 11:20 p. m.
BUNDATB— B:». »:SO, U:O3 a. m.l 1:M. !:»•.
; 8:40 6:20 p. no.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
j »TBEK DATS— «:IO; 7:50. >:». 11:10 a. m. : U:4a\
1:10. 5:10 d. m. Saturdays— trip* at
I:£3 and 6:36 p. SB.
PUNDATS— 9:IO. I:4*, U:« a. m.| Vj4o, »:O,
l:C0 «:J3 p. m. _
Between Ban Francisco aad Schaetma Far*
aarae schedule as above.
' Leave - Ai 1 1 f •
Ear. Francisco. In Efftct San Franolsoa
» . . ■■ October 1«, ■
Week I Sun- IMS. Sun- I W«k
Dayji. | Days. Destination, days, j day*.
"l:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 13:40 am [8 an)
8:30 pm' 9:30 am Petaluma 6^13 pa 10:38 Ul
! 8:10 pm 8:00 pm Eaota Rosa, | 7:85 pc 1:23 yea
Fulton.
f^ltffl VTlsdwr. tt^Saa
HeaJisburj, -
Lytton,
ervtll«,
1:10 pm trOOatn | Cloverdale. 7r« pm 8:» pa
' i Hopland and
TiJO am Ukiah. 7:33 pm 8:« tan
'l:80 am il»'*» *•
8:00 am Osraayrllla. 7:15 pm(
8:80 pm[ { 8^» pn
7:30 am l:< 0 aza Sonotna 10:40 ass 8:« aa
and
8:10 pm 5.-O8 pmj Qlen Bllen. j «:19 pni ••« pea
7:30 ami 8:00 any Sefca*top«V. :40 am. 10:25 am
1:90 pta| 8:08 pa^ 7:83 pm a:» ga>
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mar* If***
epnn»s; at Lyttcn for Lytton Bprinss: at O*jr»
•or\-Ule for Bka«s Bprtnr»r at CUrrerdale fa*
the Q«ys«rs; at Hoplaad tor Duncan Sprtnffa,
Highland Springs, Kelssyrllle. C*rlsb*4
Epri&ffa. Soda Bay. Lakaport and Bartlctt
BprlB«»; at Cklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Scr*.r.«. Upper Lake, Porno, Pott«- Taller.
John Pay'i, Riverside, Lteriey*s. Bndtnali'i.
oarh««Jr'.n Halsht3, Kcil-rllla. Boor«t111«, Orr*»
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Braff&
•W*«tp.irt. usal. Wlllltti. Laytetnvtlle, Cunr-
Bilsg's. Beils Springs, Harris. Otaea'a. Dya».
Bcptla and Eureka-
Saturday to Monday round trl» tlekata at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip ticket* to all petsta
beyond San Rafael at hall rates.
Ticket Offices ma Market St., Coroalcla bid*
H. C- WHITING, :,.,?: R. X RYAN,
' jjeseral Manaesr. 0«s. Paaa AgeoJu
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New*
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
»nd Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally i
. Overland Express.
SII FSAICiSCO TICKET OFFICE — CI Midi Si \
TELEPHCNB MAIN ISO.
Oakland Oftm— lllB Bro&dvtr.
SavsrwaeiriQ 0539— 201 i Stntt.
£43 J«m <)£«•— 7 Watt Sftsto Clan Si
A Superb Train |
JjSmiljL EVERY DAY 111 THE YEAR
fiUtatlßßWhkUaßßKtU VIJL THP
Qragl'Uiiion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUrCHANGE.
BtTBTET BMOKTN'G AND ÜBRART CABS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPKR3L
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS <A LA CAKTE).
ONLY S%s DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily it • pi a,
I
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
■ No. 1 Montgomery street, Sas FrancUco.
yt 4 tT.-ROAti TBAYKE. >
iftCTHsas PACUTIC conrAST.
(rAocrro sxaruf.)
Traiiaw le«T« mrndt are 4*« te> »rr4»« *4 ,
•▲X ritlli'Mi*.
(Main Lit. Foot of Marti gtrael)
UiTi — raoa Pea. IS, 133 a. — Aim
*«—* Vilaa 8m Joee sod Way Station*... •»<4S A
7i««a. Bealda, fiois&a sod Sacr»aea«o.... - Ji«»
?:••<. MarjsTilia, Ore«iU*aad Bedding »la
Woo«oaiid M S»«Sf
:•• A Bmlrv TmmOi aad Kdmsey^..... Ss-tOj-
7iS»«. Eartiao, aan Bamoa. ViDe*>, Sim,
Calisioe* aod *m«a Km* *'!« r
8:««4 A Ripreaß. Of den aad SaM.. »<«»
)il»iBu Jeae, liTenaore, Stookoom,
lane. Sacramento, FUoerrffle,
BCatysrUla. Chleo, Bed »•* «il»r
»t*eu 'Mlium, O*kdsl« aod Jasaastovm... 4ilSr
at*«A. ttsrtlns*. Txa«y. Laiaro*, Stockton. ._ ..
il«rccd «ad Ifraano 13:13*
•itOi Fissuo, BakmAeld. 'SaaU B««bara,
L« Angslw, Dataiat IB n»
HewOtJeaajandßas* •««*
I*t««A. TaDelo. MarUoea and War BMiOM 7-.49W
ISiOOx JTOm. Lr^arinore. Sfcocktin. Sacra-
mento. llandota. Haaford. Vbalta,
Po««cTia« *f?*-. 4:l»»
•It«*r Sacraaeata Btvw BUaiaen •*:O«»
«t»«r Ka/tiaea, San lUoton. Vil'.eja,
Sap*. Callataaa. Swußou »ilBa
«t»«r Beaida. Taea»file, aacrt»-™to.
Woodland. XnigbU Laadiiig. .
aia»Ta»fiie, OroTUle 'S 5 * 3 *
«iSOpHU«s,aaa Jose and Stockton ....... 7:13*
Mtriu Franciaoo and L«« Angele*
Lfalted. Freana. 3ikrrs*-ld. Loa
Aa|«ai M3k
■:t*r Skocktoa. Kemt. Fresno. 12:15*
S:S«r Uu%inea. Tr»«7. jioodota, Preano,
3(ajaTe. Baota uarbara and Los
AuaeW* ■«*»*
{8:OOP Pacific Coast latmlted. 31 Paso,
Tort Worth. lolttie Rock. St. „
toula, Chleaco and Eut {d:43«
lillr linntn. Fa Ruu«: as.j.u.if; Kipresa
for Mojar. »...! Kwil •c»
«i««p BurcMaii Mall. <•«.:«•• *c<l K*»t.... 81434.
•*•«, Harvard* Ntlaa and San J0ae..... Tti-"» v
•«iO«r V»llojo ISil3j>
n>««F Ys2ltt% Fork Cart* and Way sta-
tions . ............*-..--• JSr€3»
•<««r Orecaa Ki»Tefle,»aonmeuto, M»rjt-
»Uie. Roll] ln Portland. I'iifet ■-V'
So.mdaß.l East ««I»A
iIMSrSoMI limited. Tresia Los
' iA!T lilHUttO Alii HArWABIM I^)CIL.
(foot cf Market Street.)
~" 1 ■•Iroae. »«ml»»ry Park, ?
«iO«* Wtcl?Var»> Klaihant, •:«.?«,
(9:O«a Saa I.ea»4r», S«utH S*a i« 9i4.ru
io.o«* Leutlr*, SutadUJ*, 10:43*.
ait—*. • Lereaso, Cherry • ■•»*■* -
••••? aad «'««p
»i«^ Harw.nls. *, l4 »' ■
*'••» i Sans thnn^ii to Kflss. 7>43 *
. ; lFroaK<le» I
COAST BlVlftlU." Marrow 6*o*e). "
I (foot of Market gtrset.) ____^
•tlSi. Newark. Oentart!ae.SMJose i yeitoo. ~"~
Boulder Creek, 9an4a »nd Waj
Station* Bj»«b>
■SilSr HevackrCeaternUe. Sac Jose, Ntw
Ahnadea Fel«o«, Bonidet Creek.
a«o<a Cm» and Principal Waj
Statfeea »l»is«a
4il3p Newark. Saa Jem aad L«s Gaics... 9:2« a.
f11:43r Halters' Bxennion. San Jose and
| Way'BUtloaa r?««*l
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma 111 ruias»— Tml »f lir:it Strut D—
•7:15 9:0« :i:00«.M. 1 1 53 *2:03 t3:3t
■1:89 tt:S9 .*i:SSr.M.
! OllUH—Fiet «f Iraulvxj.— '4:oo 8K» 10r«0».«.
tU:CO «1:CO tJ:M **■ tt:OO "5:00
CO AS I IHTIS3.OI (Brosd€a«ye). "*
■ - (Third "and Tow naernl it*.) i
' I\—A ten Joee ami W»f Statlctia t.2few '
AUoadsn WednewUrsonly)....... 1»»m»
►••* San Jam. Tree loot. bauta Cms.
FaeMc Uro'e, Paao Rnblee. 8*»
I.«ts OUsr*, Guadaiupe. Surf aad
Principal W»y^t»tfous i'lf*
B«t4«* San Jo« and War SUtfows * t ??*'
lliMa Saa Jom aad Wi? Statiou* «t«Aa
**>49p San .VUteo. Redwood. Mesla Park.
Pt!o Alto, Santa Clara, San ie«a.
Oflroy. HatHcter. Santa Crux.
Sailnaa. Monterey ami . Paciflo -- • m
Grew - "If* 8 ! 4
•SiS«rS«nJo««aa4 Way Stations *•'•»•*
•4 tl »p Sao Jo— an«J Principal Way SU»k»s »"-4;*.
•SiOOrSaaJoasaadPrtacrpalWaySUtloas «••*'*
S:3«p San Jom aad PrfoeWWaj Stations 3 ! 2£*
«i3«r 9an Joea and SUtimia i'fi*
fll;4»r San Jesn and Way Stations ..... Ti»»r
A for Morninc. P tor Aftenwwn. . •
I •Bm»d«y»«oer«e-J. i Sundays only. tSamrdaysonly.
•TMoodaya sadTbandays. «Tu«daji and s*tardaya,
l**«url»T» and Wtdnesdays. oThnndan and Soudan.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
; FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY:
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— »7:2O. *9:». 11:00 a. m.; 1:45.
8:46. 5:15. •«:«>. «:30 p. m. ;
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11: JO p. na.
. SUNDAYS— *S:CQ. '10:00. «11:3» a. m. 1:15.-
J:0O. «4:36. «:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin _ _
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:23. »5:33. 7:13. «9:30 a. m.:
! •12:20. 1:20. *3:*3. 5:08 p. m. __• . •.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. t- .-
SUNDAYS— •»:«>. '!»:«>. *ll:o5 a. m.;
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40. •€«> p. m. _
Trains marked • starts from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:45. 7.55. 9:40 a. CO.;
12.36. 2:45. 3.30. 5:20 p. m. ,„ ,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:oo 'p. m. .._..„,„'
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.: 12:«. 1:20. 3:20,
8:00 6-20 p. m. -Jr
rTi " • V THROUGH TRAINS. " "r-
T:10 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
; 1:45 p. on. Saturdays— DiAcao Mills and way
i stations. -■■■-.-:■ . ■ - -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY.. COMPANY.
From Jan. IS, 1339. trains will run as follows*
'■ South-bound, j ■ \ North-bound, t
I . . ■ . »
Passes- Mixed. Mixed. .Passen-
ger. ; Sunday Stations. Sunday i ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd { Dally. i
1 7:28 am 10:10 am Stockton ! 3:45 pin 8:00 pm,'
: 9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced I 12:40 pm; 4.13 pea
10:40 am 535 prs. Fresno ! 1:30 am 2:42 pnx
1 11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanfcrd 7:45 am 1:45 pint
\ 2:K pm 12:30 am Baltersfleld j 2:00 am ; 11:00 an*
11:39 am t:l6 pm,' Vlsalia *40 ami 1:22 prat
12:15 pml t.ii pm Tular« ' s::# am! 1:06 pn>
• Stopping at Intermediate points as required. '
For particulars of staxe and other connection^
Inquire at Traiflc Manager* a Office. 321 Marftei
%trt*U_Ssui Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. I
(Via SauaaUto "erry.)
Leare San Francisco, coaameaelns Sasday.
1 Beet. 11. 1898:
Week Days— a. m.. 1:48 p. m.
Sundays— B*o, 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. liii p. m.
Round trip frost Mill -"alley, SI.
THOB COOK A SON. Agsnu, 831 Uaxkaf
Kreet. Saa Fraactacr '
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REFUSES TO BE
A WITNESS AT
BRANDES' TRIAL
Emma Oliver Fails to
Come to Court.
A BENCH WARRANT TO ISSUE
JSBANDES WROTE TO HER FROM
THE COUNTY JALL.
2)r. S. H. Buteau Undergoes a
Most Rigid Cross-Examina
tion Lasting Six Long,
Weary Hours.
Oakland ■ Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 21.
After numerous determined efforts to
eerve a subpenae on Miss Emma Oliver j
as a witness m the Brandes murder trial j
Detective Herbort finally succeeded last j
night, but the young woman failed to put j
In an appearance at Judge Hall's court j
to-day. If she *till persists in ignoring j
the summons of the court when she is
called to the stand, a bencn warrant will
Issue and she is very liable to be pun
ished for contempt of court.
Miss Oliver, whose true name Is Mary
Olivejia, is a domestic in the family of
Attorney James Crittenden on San Pablo
ftvenue. She is the young woman with
whom William A. Brandes, the accused
murderer of his daughter, kept company
clandestinely. When Brandes was arrest
ed he wrote a letter to her from the
County Jail informing her that he
' (Brandes) expected to go East shortly to
secure money for his brother, who he
■wrote, wus in grave trouble. This act of
deception, together with the letter, will
• be shown up before the jury through IVnss
Oliver and thus the prosecution hopes
further to show the base character of
.the accused. .
The effects of the trial are weighing
lieavilv upon Brandos. He sat in court to
. day motionless, with his eyes staring |
steadily to the tloor and his face resting ;
upon his right hand. When his alleged |
second wife, Etta Brandes, who is also |
charged with murder, appeared in court j
.this morning u> have her case go over for |
another week. Brandes paid little or no j
attention to her. In fact, as she Ifaned
over to whisker to him he seemed bored.
Dr S. H. Buteau, who was on the
«tand as an expert for the people all of
■ last Friday, was again rigidly oross-ex
emined for six long, weary hours to-day,
and the defense will call him again next
Thursday. He was the only witness ex
amined to-day, and the closest scrutiny,
the most eager efforts of Attorneys Saw
yer and Bennett and their most minute
comparison of his testimony with that
given at the preliminary hearing failed to
disclose a single flaw upon which the Oe
fense could base the slightest hopes of a j
IBut1 But e cau lC described at length how a |
■wound on Lillian's head, three inches long i
and extending over the convex surface,
• could be made, leaving a scar perfectly
untform its entire length. He said that
lonian's skull must have been flexible,
and that a limb of a tree, a piece of rub- j
fcer hose or a blackjack could produce j
* U Dr a ßuteau" stated there was some j
blood profused through the diploe the i
substance between the upper table of the
and lower table; that there were
adhesions to the upper part of the dura
mater as well as on the lower side; and ■
also adhesions between th,e dura mater i
end arachnoid; and the brain was con
gested and inflamed at the abnormal ad-
Tn O e nS juror3 frequently asked questions ;
to enlighten themselves, and showed i a re
markable interest in the examintation of
the expert.
THINKS MME. MONTAGUE
IS "INSANE OR WORSE"
—
JUDGE HARVEY BROWN ON OAK
■ • LAND'S SENSATION.
He Says the Letters Published Do
Not Bear Out His Understand
" v - ing of the Yaies Di
vorce Suit.
-' . Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 21.
The story of the divorcing of Mme. Mon- |
' rfague Tates and her husband against their '
wishes and the strongly worded letters
■■from their Montreal home published in j
to-day's Call was the sensation of the j
hour in this city. The lady's assertion
that she is the victim of an outrage and
that the secret of the conslpracy is known j
to only three people, two of whom reside ;
In Oakland, caused much interest among \
the members of the bench and bar.
• Mmc, Montague is the cleverest woman
that has been in this city for many years.
Just how clever she is is now dawning j
Vpon 'those left behind. The madame's j
correspondence to her friends in Oakland j
and San Francisco is of the most contra- j
dictory nature, and is more mystifying
than some of the mystic doctrine taught
toy the lady.
This evening Judge Harvey Brown gave
the following explanation of the romantic
' affair:
• "I am ordinarily averse to appearing
• v in the newspapers," . said Judge Brown. i
• "but under the circumstances I feel it a ;
duty to state my exact connection with
the divorce case between Mme. Montague" ,
and her husband.
"Some three and a half years ago she j
applied to me to commence such, a suit. ]
I declined on the ground that both were j
acquaintances and friends, and I was un- !
willing to have anything to do with the '
case. Subsequently some one introduced ]
her to Mr. George de Golia, and 1 was In- \
formed that he had commenced the suit,
as the papers had been served upon the
•defendant.
"Some months after that, in a conver
sation with the madame, I asked her
•what she was doing with her divorce suit.
She said 'Nothing. Said I, 'Why do you i
•commence such a suit as that and not I
have it tried?' She replied that she was I
afraid to; afraid that he would kill her:
that en the day the papers were served
-on him he rushed into her room, ■ caught
her by the throat, choked her and had
murder in his eye. \
•"Things passed along without any fur
ther comment until some thirteen or four
teen months since, when the captain, her
husband, came to Oakland and stayed, I
' should judge, about three weeks. She
complained that he was threatening in his
manner and made her life a burden, and
one evening she came to myself and
• another gentleman wringing her hands
and crying, and asked us to advance
money to pay the expenses of her hus
band to England, or else she feared that
' he would murder her; that he had threat
ened her life and his own; that he had
talked about shooting in her presence and
In the presence of Mrs. trice, her com
panion, and that only the day before he
had come into her room," locked the door,
and from his conduct she thought that
her time had come. .... .
"Mrs Price was brought into the con
sultation, and she too was very much
frightened, and feared that unless he was
lent away the madame would lose her
ft fa • '■■■■'■' ' " '_
"After full consultation it was agreed
that we would furnish the money, to pay
his expenses to England and keep him
there about a month, and that for • her
protection in case of his return the di-
Re »uit should be prosecuted and a
decree obtained in her favor, In order
that she might apply to the authorities in
case he should return and disturb her.
"We did furnish the money to take the
trip to England. Some little time after
his departure we commenced talking
about bringing thi! divorc^^suit to trial,
but one or two important witnesses were
out of the State and we determined to
await their return.
"About last October it was concluded,
in consequence of Mme. Montague's
health to give her a vacation, and that
it was best for her to take a trrp to the
Eastern States. About the middle of that
month she told me that her husband was
on his way out here via the Canadian
Pacific Railroad. Shortly after that she
reported that he was in British Columbia
staying with some relatives; that ehe de
sired to leave here before he could reach
Oakland, as she did not wish to see him.
"Shortly after that she told me that,
according to her calculations, he would
be here between the 20th and 25th of No
vember and that he would come with his
brother, who was In command of a col
lier. She was anxious to start East be
fore that time, and she did leave here on
the evening of the 20th of November last.
"A few days before starting I suggested
that she was g;olng to be absent a number
of months and as the witnesses had not
yet returned that her deposition had bet
ter be taken before leaving and that
when the witnesses arrived they could
be examined and a decree obtained dur
ing her absence. She did not make the
slightest objection. On the contrary, she
hunted up papers and letters were looked
for which were introduced in evidence,
and she went before the commissioner
and gave her testimony voluntarily and
gladly to all human appearances.
"Very unexpectedly Mr. de Golia called
me to the witness stand and a few ques
tions were propounded to me. Everything
that was done In the way of having her
testimony taken was in accordance with
the agreement made at the time wo
agreed to furnished the money to her
husband with which to go to England.
"I was never more (surprised in my life
than when I read in The Call that power
ful influences had been brought to bear
upon her to give her testimony. And still
MME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE - YATES, Wh>o
Asserts That She Was Divorced in h\er
Absence and Against Her Will.
more suprised at the tenor of the letter,
supposed to have been written by her and
published in this morning's Call.
"As I stated last evening to a reporter,
who called on me and showed me what
purported to be a copy of a letter from
Mme. Montague to some person not
named, I cannot believe that Mme. Mon
tague is the author of that letter. If so,
she must be insane or worse."
LEFT A VALUABLE ESTATE
Will of W. G. Hunt of Yolo Filed for
Probate in Alameda County.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— The will of the
late W. G. Hunt of Woodland, Yolo
County, who died in this city on the 3d
inst., was filed for probate to-day, and the
widow, Jennie G. Hunt, and a son, Alvis
G. Hunt, named as executors, petitioned
for letters.
The estate is valued at about $100,000,
including property at Eighth and Brush
street this city, $5000; 100 acres of orchard
in Yolo County, $15,000; 100 acres of farm
ing land, Yolo County, 110,000, leased at
$2200 per annum; improved land in Wood
land, rented out at $1500 per annum, $12,
--0- other land, $1000; 222 shares of capital
stock of Bank of Woodland, $22,000; 80
shares of capital stock of Farmers' and
Merchants' Bank, $8000 ; promissory notes,
$15,000.
The will is dated at Sacramento. May
7, ISB7. witnessed by Grove L. Johnson and
Albert M. Johnson, and by its provisions
the executors are directed to dispose of
and reduce to cash all personal property,
one-half the receipts to go to the widd"w
and the other half to the three children,
Alvis G. Hunt, Alice E. Stevens and Ro
wena D. De Pue. The real estate is di
rected to be managed by the executors as
may seem best and the profits each year
are" to go to the widow for her sole use
during life and at her death to be divided
among the children, and after their death
to their issue, but not until after the
death of testator's children is the realty
to be sold. _
LADIES INJURED.
Their Buggy, Struck by a Car, Is \
Turned Over on the Macadam.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— Mrs. A. J. Saul
man, the aged wife of the well-known !
Frultvale contractor and builder, and '
Mrs. Annie Thornton, also of Frultvale, j
were struck by an Alameda electric car j
at Eleventh and Harrison streets early
this evening, and both were seriously in
jured.
The two ladies were driving in a phae- j
ton north on Jackson street. The lines I
were slack and the rumblings of the ap- I
proaching car frightened their horse, I
which tried to cross the track in front of
the car. The buggy was overturned and
the occupants thrown violently to the
macadam. Mrs. Thornton was taken to
Fabiola Hospital, where Dr. A. S. Lar- |
key reduced a badly fractured right shoul
der. and Mrs. Saulman was immediately |
removed to her home on Fruitvale aye- i
nue, where Dr. Shannon reduced a frac- ,
tured hip.
TJ. C. Versus Alumni.
BERKELEY, Feb. 21.— The University
of California baseball team will play a
match game to-morrow afternoon with
the university alumni. The game will be
gin at 2:30 o'clock upon the college dia
mond. The sides will be as follows:
California. Positions. Alumni.
Kaarsburg Pitcher. McLaine
Smith ...:.. ..Catcher Allen
Mem... ........First base ......Goslinsky
Hunter..... ....Second base...... 1 . Bliss
McLaren Third base McKee
Fuller .........Shortstop ......Lewis
Cheseborough. . ... .Left field. .Heller
B wan Center field.. Hoag
Hamlln... ..Right : field. Nealcn
—■ ♦ ■
"Keith's." Come one, com« all. .. •
THE , SAX FRA3TCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
REGRET THAT
THEY CANNOT
SPEND COIN
Candidates Object to
the Limit.
TOO LITTLE FOR PICTURES
REPUBLICANS TO BE ACTIVE
FOB, TWO WEEKS.
John L. Davie to Make His First
Speech on Thursday Evening.
Doing Much on Small
Outlay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Feb. 21.
The greatest obstacle against which
candidates have to contend is the purity
of election law. There is a disposition
among the army of candidates for city
offices to spend money, but they can hard
ly begin to be generous before they have
reached their legal limit. All kinds of
subterfuges are proposed by which the
law may be beaten, but the developments
in the case of Howard Wright have
proved that it is not always safe to at
tempt to evade the law, and there is con
sternation on the streets.
The candidates who declare they suffer
most from the limit placed on their ex
penditures are the candidates for the
Council. They are limited to a total ex
penditure of $48. This will barely pay for
putting cards in the newspapers and for
a contribution to the campaign fund. It
certainly will not pay for the thousands
of illustrations that are defiling every
tree, sign post, fence and vacant building
in town. Notwithstanding the limit, some
candidates have proved their ability to
fet their printing done for quarter rates.
or on no other basis could $48 be made
to pay for the vast amount of pictorial
campaigning that is being done.
There is a disposition to willfully exceed
the limit and take the chances of break
ing the law. It is declared that if the sec
tion limiting expenditures were carried to
the Supreme Court it would be declared
unconstitutional. There are laws already
covering every ppsslble form of bribery
and corrupt use of money in campaigns,
and it is argued that if a man wishes to
Bpend legitimately a thousand dollars on
advertising his campaign he cannot be
restrained from doing so. This matter
has never been tested, but it is not impos
sible that some ambitious candidate may
run the risk.
The Republican City Central Committee
will meet Thursday evening, at which
time all campaign meetings will be ar
ranged. The Seventh Ward Republican
Club will meet Friday evening to arrange
for a lively campaign in that district.
On Thuisday night the Democrats will
open their campaign in the center of the
city, with John L. Davie as the chief
speaker. .
INSANITY HIS ONLY HOPE.
Trial Commenced of J. W. Lynn, Who
Fired Five Bullets Into
His Wife.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— A plea of insanity
is the only hope whereby John W. Lynn
hopes to escape conviction of the charge
of shooting his wife five times last Feb
ruary. The trial was begun this morn
ing- in Judge Ogden's court and up to the
time of adjournment the following named
jurors were accepted and sworn: Wil
liam Bliss. Owen Lafferty, G. W. Drake,
Joseph Lyson, G. VV. Pratt, John Har
rington and S. F. Brown Jr.
Considerable difficulty was experienced
in securing the above seven jurors, for
in many instances jurora expressed preju
dice toward the plea of insanity, some
going so far as saying that any man who
deliberately fires five shots into his wife
| without some very good motive must be
: crazy.
Lynn sat calmly beside his counsel
J. P. McElrath and Hugh Aldrieh. Not
I an expression of hope or despair appeared
on his face and the proceedings affected
him not at all.
It will b* remembered that during
Lynn's preliminary examination he went
violently insane and was committed to
! Ukiah, from where he was discharged
as cured about three months ago. At the
trial Drs. King. Elster and Twitchell of
! the Ukiah Asylum, Dr. Sponogle of Ag
news. Dr. Gardner of Napa and Dr. M.
Gardner, chief surgeon of the Southern
Pacific Company will be called as ex
| perts.
Banquet to the Eighth California.
OAKLAND, Ffb. 21.— Company A, Vet
eran Reserve, tendered a bajiquet and re
ception to-night to Company F. Eighth
California Volunteers, which was recent
ly mustered out of service. Lorlng Hall
was packed with friends of the soldiers.
DENIES THAT
SHE THREW
FIERY ACID
Mrs. Montgomery Is
Now Talkative.
IT WAS ALL AN ACCIDENT
TEELS DEEP SYMPATHY TOR
MISS KUCHS.
Would Not Have Spoken, but Is
Anxious to Be Set Right for
the Sake of Her
Children.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 21.
Mrs. Jennie Montgomery' has at last
given her version of the alleged acld
throwingr on her husband's face while he
slept, and it differs very materially from
the story told by Montgomery. She says
she is compelled to explain for the Bake
of the children.
"I used neither pistol, horsewhip nor
acid as a means of revenge," said Mrs.
Montgomery- "For the sake of our two
children I would not harm a hair of his
head. This poor life of mine is all I
wished to destroy, thinking at the time
it was superfluous. If acid got on his
eyelid or face it was purely accidental. It
was painful, I am 6ure, as I found it so
in my own case.
"As for sleep, there was no sleeping
done in our house from 1 o'clock until
after 6, either by children or other occu
pants of the house.
"A drunkard or tippler I am not, nor
ever was. I was born and raised in Oak
land and have many friends who have
known me from my birth and would not
let me rest under this stigma. I cannot
think my husband even said this. I think
he was surely misrepresented in the mat
ter, or if he spoke of drink at all he was
not thinking of me.
"As for the parents of Mlsa Kucha, I
feel the deepest sympathy for them, es
pecially for the mother. I myself have
suffered much and know how to feel for
them.
"And as for the girl herself, at this i
time, I feel nothing but sorrow. Her mem- |
ory, though, I fear is poor. But, per- |
haps, this, too, is a newspaper misrepre- j
sentation. I think she must have said: 'I |
have not seen Mr. Montgomery for several !
days' (not weeks), for at the time of our
last meeting she at least displayed the
merit of truthfulness.
"As for being in hiding, I have been ab
sent but a few hours from my home from
the time of my husband's departure."
Montgomery is progressing very favor
ably and may yet regain his eyesight.
Mrs. Montgomery's explanation does not
state how the acid got on her husband's
eyes, which was found on them by the
physicians at the hospital.
STUDENTS TO HONOR
LIEUTENANT CALKINS
U. C. Cadet Corps Will Give a Parade
and Review for the Olympiads
Navigating Officer.
BERKELEY, Feb. 21.— The students Of
the University of California will do honor
to a Manila hero next Monday morning.
Lieutenant C. G. Calkins, who was navi
gating officer on Admiral Dewey's flag
ship, the Olympia, during the engagement
in Manila harbor, has accepted an Invita
tion from Professor Frank Soule, com
mandant University Cadet Corps, to be
present at the next drill of the college
troops, and the occasion will be made a
dress parade and review in his honor.
In issuing ttte orders for the day the
commandant has appointed Captain Will
iam T. Mooney as acting colonel, and
Captains William H. Houston and Carl
M. Warner as acting majors of the First
and Second Battalions respectively. The
companies will assemble on the parade
ground at 11:15 o'clock and proceed at
once in battalion formation to the lower
campus. There the two battalions will be
marshaled In regimental formation, sup
plemented by the Bicycle Corps and the
Signal Detachment. After going through
the ceremonies of dress parade the regi
ment will prepare for review, marching
by lrom column of masses.
Lieutenant Calkins, Professor Soule and
several invited guests will occupy the re>
viewing stand. No formal invitations are
to be issued for the affair, but a large at
tendance of spectators is anticipated.
■ m ■
NEW COMMITTEE IN CHABOE.
Machinery of the Harmonic Hall
Party Changes Hands.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 21.— The candidates of
the Harmonic Hall party appointed their
executive committee last evening. Th«
action was taken In accordance with a
resolution introduced at Che convention
by R. B. Tappan.
Thompson and Muller were named as
members of the new committee, but they
are In the minority. The make-up of the
new committee is as follows:
Captain H. A. Thompson, Frank
Browning, Theodore Eisfeldt, J. C. Bates
Jr., Al Huff, Edward Houston, Max
Gundlach, Henry Muller, Joe Magnln, T.
C. Stoddard, W. E. Scully, Henry Tank,
W. B. Hinchman, L. S. Sllverberg and
F. A. Marriott. . . .
Mr. Stoddard said to-day that he would
not serve, as he could not conscientiously
support some of the party's candidates.
The committee will meet Friday night.
W. B. Hinchman will be named as sec
retary. The selection of a chairman to
succeed Thompson has not yet been de
cided upon. , '
The Municipal League has decided to
make an aggressive campaign, and will
hold public meetings every Monday night
until election.
Love Leads to a Fight.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 21.— Arthur Gale and
Marvin Crowe, two well-known young
men about town, engaged in an im
promptu prizefight by the light of an elec
tric lamp last night on a vacant lot. cor
ner of Walnut street and Alameda. Thft
contestants had a dispute over the affec
tions of a young lady and decided to set
tle the difficulty according to Marquis of
Queensberry rules, It being decided that
the loser should relinquish all claim to
the cause of the trouble. About fifty
young men witnessed the mill. Gale was
clearly the cleverest boxer, but after a
few spirited rounds sprained an ankle and
had to give up the fight. No arrests have
been made.
Death Results From a Fall.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— P. F. Riley of 617
Ninth street died at the East Bay Sani
tarium to-night from internal injuries
sustained by falling on the sidewalk last
Thursday. Although his arm was broken
in addition to his other injuries, he had
no medical attention until last Sunday,
when he wae removed to the hospital. De
ceased was CO years of age, an old resi
dent and has relatives in the East.
Elks Banquet Ward* and James.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— Oakland Lodge of
Elks gave- a banquet to-night in honor of
their brothers, Frederick Warde and
Louis James. The banquet was largely
attended and was held after the cele
brated actors had played "Othello" to one
of the largest houses ever seen in Oak
land.
Smith Makes a Confession.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— J. Smith, whose
true name is Fred Jonee, confessed to-day
that his story of being: held up In the City
Prlaoa by, an alleged detectivo was false.
He says he was $5 short In his collection*
and told his fairy tale to cover the Bhort
age.
■ ♦ ■
A California girl tells how she
tried to break the Bank at Monte
Carlo, in next Sunday's Call.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Ed
ward G. Black, lot on N Una of Eddy street,
125 W of Devisadero. W 30 by N 137:6; J2IOO.
Lawrenoe Fianiean to Annie FlanlKan. lot
on W line of Harrison street, 200 N of Twenty
first, N 25 by W 122:6; gift-
John and Ella Anderson (by Jonathan An
derson, attorney) to Henry M. Jensen, lot on
N line of Jersey street, 225 W of Noe. W 26 by
N 114; JlO.
Rosell Harvey to Pet«r Harvey, lot on SW
corner of Twenty-fifth and Castro streets. W
SO by S H; gift.
James and Ellen F. Kelly to Glusepp* Camll
lonl, lot en W line of Vincent street. 77:4 N
of Green, N 20 by W 58:9; JlO.
Catherine Haley to P. W. Cahlll (trustee* for
Daniel, Margaret, Thomas. Michael and John
Haley), lot on W line of Langton (Dora) street,
130 N of Bryant, N 25 by \V 80; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Charlotte E.
Bertsch (wife of W. H.), lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue, 172 N of California «treet.
N 26 by W 120; $10.
George and Marie E. Tourney to Thomas I».
Henderson, lot on SE corner of California
•treet and Seventh avenue. S 100 by E 120; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Barbara Oaleoto
(wife of Bavarino), lot 269. Heyman Tract; $10.
Samuel Davis to Charles A. A. Gebnardt. lot
on N line of Silver avenue, 350 W of Congdon
street, W B0 by N 110, lot 20, block 9, College
Homestead; J!10. ■«.
Amianthus A. and Hannah S. Geer to Jessi*
M. Geer. lots 2, 20, 21 and 29, block 668, Bay
Park Homestead Association; srlft.
Mattle F. and Jamos T. Jones to James E.
Jones, lot on W corner of Nlntn avenue and E
street. SW 100. W 75. NE 100. thence at right
angles 75 to beginning. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; warranty
deed; $1.
Alameda County.
Huldnh H. Sawyer to Philena Perkins, lot
on E corner of East Eleventh street and
Eighth avenue, NE 150 by SE 100, being lots 1
to 4, block 34, Clinton. East Oakland; also (.28
acres, being lot 8. in plat D, Piedmont Park,
Oakland Township; also property in Santa itar
bara; $10.
Michael M. McLaughlin to Edward McLaugh
lin. lot 6, block 42. in Tract 406, Oakland; gift.
Same to Martha J. O'Brien (wife of Michael)
lot 6, block 42. lands of Oakland Point Railroad
Ferry Landing, Oakland; gift.
Ives and Julia A. Scoville to Frank Scoville,
lot on N line of Atlantic Btreet, 230:74 W of
Pine, W 25 by N 10O:7»4.. being lot 28, block 39,
lands of Oakland Point Ferry Landing, oak
land: gift.
John Bernard to Frank T. Dryden, lot on S
line of B street, S3 W of Hannah, W 25 by S
100, being lot O, block 794, map of B-street sub
division of Watts Tract, Oakland: $40.
San Francisco Savings Union to Millard F.
Hudson, lot on E line of Leke Shore avenue.
11l N of Athol avenue. N 40 by E 151.85, being
the S half of lot 4, block A, Peralta Heights;
East Oakland; $SOO.
John J. and A. K. North to Karolino Muller,
lots 12 to 16. block F, New Town of Lynn,
East Oakland; $415.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Horace R. Huie, lot 243 in plat 2, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $25.
Samuel and Bmma F. Heywood to Alvinia
Glaper, lot on W line of Sixth street, 41 S of
Delaware. W 48 by S 100, block 75, Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley: $10.
Samson and Fannie Ringolsky to Isaac Cohen,
lots 1 to 9. 35 to 41. block A; lots 5 to 10. block
C, Everett Trart, Brooklyn Township: 110.
Lucien and Mary Simon to Bernard Schmaltz,
lot on E line of Plmond avenue, 725 N of Hop
kins street, N 50 by E 140. being lot 32. block
B. Dimond Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1550.
Builders' Contracts.
William Ehrenpfort (owner) to R. J. Pavert
J (contractor), architect Charles M. Rousseau:
! alterations and additions to make a 2-Btory
j brick building (store and hall) on SE line of
; MiwHon street, 237:2*4 SW of Third, SW 38 by
100. 54197.
Fritz E. Maring (owner) with A. F. Hell-
I muth (contractor and architect): brick and car
! penter work, glazing, tinning, plastering:, paint
ing and plumbing for a 1-story frame cottage,
with basement, on lot 32, block 3. subdivision
No. 1, Caetro-street Addition; $15715.
M. A. Ounst & Co. (owners) with S. Lev!
(contractor), architect E. A. Hermann: car
penter and cabinet work of every description,
except mason and marble work and gas fix
tures, to a 4-story and basement brick and
frame structure at the intersection of Elliß and
Market streets, W 106:3, S 76:7%. NE 130:10;
$3229.
Thomas W. Fisher (owner) with George Wel«
mann f contractor), architect none; all work, ex
cept grading and brickwork, for two 2-story
frame structures (6 flats) on S"W corner of Fif
teenth and Noe streets. S Go by W 110; $SOSO.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
GRAND HOTEL.
E X Smart, Dutch Flat R C Grlffln, San Jose
J Weil. Sacto W Kemp, Redding
A L Oates, Folsom J G Shaefer. Los Any
1 S Spauldlng, Malfld G E Mosher, Rochestr
W A Pitcher, Los An C L Hoska. Tacoma
H C Ely, N V W W Mtddlecoff, Stock
2 Rhine, Clayton W G Butermann, Ind
A Fibush. Oakland W M Earle. Palo Alto
0 H Blell. NY W J McNulty. Fresno
C Berclch, Cal 0 J Morse, Mojave
T C Perrln, 3an Joie I Donewoody. N V
W F Hurd, Denver ! ?has Belknap, M Ibl
E W Lehman. Denver IC J Selwyn
C X Woodruff. N V Miss W D Coffern, chg
A H Kabbie, wf, Kank R Allored. France
3 Benson & wf, Portld R B Folner. Phlla
R Kenhart. wf, Yreka B F Brltton. wf. Jer O
R White. Chicago C Gray. Orovllla
2 L Guthell. Seattle T D Andrews, Los An
3 D Isaacs, Phlladel 3 Robinson, Sacto
A F Beldler, wf, Chgo E F Blakmore, Seattle
W H Hodpkin. Fresno Geo E Trooly & wf.
D Flint. Sacto Vancouver. B C
Mr Murray & wf. Scotd Miss Geo S Angus. Vie
M Michael, Woodland I Miss H Workman, Vie
i G D Dorwln, Cal H A Rhodes & wf. Tac
J C Ruddock, Uklah Ben Dunstan, Orovllle
H Brown. Napa O C Palmleaf, Seattle
Miss Brown, Napa IW B Thurman, Mederu
Miss H R P Turney, !R T Wheeler, Nevada
' Sevastopol
PALACE HOTEL.
G E Goodman & w, j J J Hartenbowera, la
Napa |J Smith, Clinton
J P Adalr. Chicago JJ L Jepson, N V
J W Keogh. Ind JG Van Zandt. Chicago
W S Logue, NY IJ Fairchlld, L Ang
' J X Armsby & w. Che i E L BUI. N V
Miss Dakln. Chicago ! W H Thornton, N V
S Weise, Cal I.T T Fife, Vancouver
F Calmer, Cal J C Cheney. lowa
J S Schuifsdorph. Cal Mrs J C Cheney, la
W O Craig, Phlla Mm a F Guethen, la
L C Lawton. Chicago G S Nlxen, Nevada
Dr W G Hlnkle & w, M F Tyler. Conn
Cal Mrs M F Tyler, Conn
L Wackman, Cal E C Voorhles. Cal
J C Dunphy, Cal Dr J Stepp. U S N
J R Welles, Tucson rr E G Parker, 7S N
L M Merrill, Mont G R Pearson Z'*, Kan
II W Meyers. Salem IF Maytham, Cal
W E Davidson, Can IT J Hart. N V
W J Harris. Rowland j C N Sterry. L Ang
C F Street & w. N T V J P Coilahy. Chgo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
f M Root, San Jose |T Negbaur, Seattle
M Morris & w. Crocket E Negbaur, Seattle
T Prltchard. Fresno J G Ludt & w. Seattle
T B Watson, Merced i J Rodman, New York
" McDonald. Los Ang :E Austin & w, Fresno
3 A Sayre, Stockton N Bagler, San Jose
A Grant. Australia IC West, Portland
H H Horton & w.WashiN Wagner. Uklah
S Arnold & w, Seattle
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, February 21.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. 85 hours from
Tacoma.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Advance,
FOREIGN PORTS.
HlOGO— Sailed Feb 18— Br ship Ruddlan
Castle, for Tacoma.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Feb 18— Br ship Puritan,
for Enqulmalt.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived, Br ship Polta!
loch, from Hamburg.
Sailed Jan 18— Br shlD Star of France, for
Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Nomadic,
for Liverpool; stmr Lahn, for Bremen; stmr
Norge, for Copenhagen.
Arrived Feb 21 — Stmr Pomeranian, from
Glasgow.
ANTWERP— Arrived F«b 21— Stmr Western
land, from New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Feb 21— Stmr Dresden, for
Baltimore.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Edam,
from New York.
BOSTON— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Cephalonia,
from Liverpool.
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclaoo
Call, corner of Market and Third street*. op«n
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery «tr««t.
corner Clay; open until »:*> o'clock.
tS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street: open until 9:10 o'clock.
19<1 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
5261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; op*a
until 9 o'clock.
lOfl Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
M 26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
gtrffta: open until 9 o'clock. __
MEETING NOTICE*. ;
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. A:
M., Chapter Hall, Masonic Temple—
D. Ist THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- TLjK
ING. February 22, at 7:30 o'clock. By /^r >
order- of the .W. M. . H. FORTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. • \
I M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _i(\_'
DAY) EVENING, February 22, at 7:30 J\J\
o'clock. Third degree. , ■"■■■■'. ~. .*
, THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 168, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. Third de- TK.M
arree. c. D. BUNKER, Secretary. iW\
ME ESTIK ~ NOTlCES— Continued.
PACIFIC Lodge No. IBS, I. O. <*__&»-
O. F.— There will be initiation =$s_aEScr
THURSDAY EVENING. Febru- =?^BSSg?
ary 23, 1899. Visiting brothers In- ' "'•
vited. JOHN STEVENSON. N. O.
DR. F. D. ASH WORTH, Roc. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Wlttram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office,
327 Market St., San Francisco. California, on
WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March.
1599. at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
euch other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG, Sec.
Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cali-
f ornia- '
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the WESTERN
BEET SUGAR COMPANY will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., San
Francisco, California, on WEDNESDAY, the
Ist day of March. 1899. at the hour of U
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
• ness as mo V come before the meeting. _
Transfer books will close on Baturdajr. Feb-
ruary 15, 1899, at 12 o'clock m.
• ROBT. OXNARD. Secretary-
DIVIDEND NOTIC—S.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 90 (fifty
oents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st.. on and after WED-
NESDAY, March 1, 1899.
Transfer books will close on Thursday.
February 28, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
" . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from ft; , w J ll ' ene< l'iQ l L U . i :
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected f or _s£ ; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room w 9-10; tel. 65W.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
N^AT~young"Gerinan girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; best ref-
erences: city or country; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish cook, best, of city refer-
ence desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 318 Sutter st. .
BY a reliable woman with good references, a
position as maternal nurse, child's nurse or
housekeeper In family; a good cook and
seamstress; city or country. Address C. P.,
622 Stockton St. ■ ..-
WANTED— By a man and wife with a boy 5
years old. a place In the country; wife a first-
class cook: man to do garden work, take care
horses and milk cows; good references. Ad-
dress box 307, Call office. ■
NEAT American elderly woman desires posi-
tion as housekeeper; good cook; washing,
housecleanlng, taking care of children; has
good references; salary small. 341 Minna st.
ELDERLY Mexican woman wants situation
for housework: city or country: good plain
cook: moderate wages; good home. 1065 Mar-
ket, opp. Jones, room 21. No postals.
FIRST-CLASS American cook, with good ref-
erences, wishing a situation to go to the
country; wages $30. Address 748 Howard St.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
A YOUNG girl wants a position. In a private
family to do light housework; home more an
object than wages. Address F. G., 1017 Bat-
tery st.
COMPETENT woman as first-class cook and
will do some washing and will go a short
distance In country; good references. 208
Fifth Ft
WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper
by a young Scotch woman; is a good cook;
city. or country. Address box 308, Call office.
j A YOUNG woman wants work by day wash-
ing or house cleaning; Is a good laundress.
I Call 18% Sumner st.
WANTED— A position to do upstairs work In
private house; wages $20. Address or call
I 919 Sanchez st.
STRONG German woman wishes to do house
cleaning; $1 day and car* fare. Inqurre 1133
Folsom st.
YOUNG woman wishes housecleanlng. and
washing by the day; $1; good reference. Ad-
dress box 299. Call. - •
: SITUATION wanted to cook on ranch or as
working housekeeper by refined lady with a
child of 10 years. Box 676. Call.
AN experienced German nurse, confinement
' and other sickness, desires engagements; best
refs.; terms reas. Nurse, 115 Eighth st.
A GERMAN woman wishes a situation In
small family to do general housework. Ap-
ply 227 Hayes st.
GOOD chambermaid wishes position. Call 817
Page gt. : . ,-■--, .- . ■■ • ■ ■
POSITION as working housekeeper or seam-
stress. 368 Eleventh St. ; :- f ."
FRENCH girl wants position to do chamber
work and sewing. Address 1030 Howard st.
REFINED lady would look after children for
her passage East. ' Box 309, Call.
YOUNG woman wants any kind of worlc by
i the day. Apply 727% Natoma, bet. Bth and Mb.
REFINED young lady wishes the care of an
Invalid lady or traveling companion. Address
26 Turk st. ' '
STRONG woman wishes to go out washing,
cleaning or Ironing by. the day. Address cor.
First and Natoma, room 2.
COMPETENT woman wishes a few engage-
ments giving massage treatments to ladles
only at their own homes. Add. box 295, Call.
RUSSIAN Finn girl wishes a situation to do
general housework In a private family. Ad-
dress 17 Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants place In res-
taurant. 415 Jones st.
SITUATIONS WASTED- MA__.
A— WEBTERN Labor Bureau. 541 Clay St., tel..
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
. help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Of flea;
l>est help. 414% O'Farrell st. tel.. East 43«.
COOK wishes situation; city or country: eco-
nomical and conscientious; married; now em-
ployed; 12 years' experience; references. Ad-
■ dress box 306, Call office. >
COMPETENT man, with horse and covered
wagon, desires employment; willing to take
an agency; work reasonable. Address H. X-,
Frultvale postofflce, Alameda County, Cal
BY boy 17 years old, a position as helper in
plumbing business; small wages; best of ref-
erences from last place. Address box 302, Call.
CARPENTER wants something to do In the
line of carpentering; repairing old work a
specialty. Box 303, Call office.
YOUNG married' man wishes a position of
trust; experienced photographer: best city
references; temperate. Address box 305. Call.
FIRST-CLASS English coachman, lately from
East, best of references, wants employment.
Box 142. Call office.
COLORED man wants a situation as head cook;
sober and steady man; good all-around pastry
and meats. Address H. A., 1008 Clay st., rm. 6.
MAN 30, sober. Industrious and reliable, well
educated, good references, wants work of
some kind; will some kind person give me
v employment and save me from becoming a
tramp? Box 383. Call office."
ENGINEER and all around mechanic: young
and active; will go anywhere; first-class ref-
erence*. Box 381, Call office. ■
FIRST-CLASS cheese maker wishes a position
Box 369, Call office. •
WANTED— Position In wholesale house or of-
fice by young man; married; small salary
Address C. P. W., 948 Harrison st.
SINGLE German," understands the ear» of
horses, garden work, and Is handy with
tools, would like to make himself generally
. useful. Address box 376. Call office.
MAN of 29 wants position; city or country:
..sober and steady: understands horses and
■ farming; reference. . Box 374, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cooper wishes a . situation in
wine business or brewery; city ■or country
Box 296, Call.
GARDENER, ■ practical experience, will take
charge of gentleman's private garden; under-
stands laying out of new grounds, renovation
of old grounds, also greenhouse fruit and
vegetable culture for profit and pleasure Box
823, Call office, Oakland. ,
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German,
who understands the grocery business and
. bar. or as porter In wholesale house; best of '
references given. Box 1768. Call office.
WILLING boy 17 years of age, residing with
parents. Germans, wishes work of any kind;
■ references. ; Address iH. SPECKTER, 652 : 4
- Natoma st.
STONECUTTER wants work; used to granite
sandstone and marble; will go where Ad-
dress D. WEST. 1126 Folsom st., San Fran.
YOUNG man : wants position las driver on any
kind of wagon. Call 816 Montgomery st., or
telephone Davis 182. _
FIRST-CLASS electrician, open to engagement;
, plant work a specialty. Address box 256, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 t> $<
week;, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and haggatre to wnrl from ferry. . / '"
HELP \\A.\TKO fr'l_StA_,E. :
C. R. HANSEN & C0.:. .......Ph0ne Gntnt 185
V 6 waitresses, different ■ country hotels,' $20; 2
waitresses, country hotel. $20, see party here
10 a. m. ; waitress, city, $20; chambermaid, -to
wait, $20; 2 waitresses, boarding house. $15,
C. R. HANSEN A CO.p.loi _•*£_»£. ,-,-vV * ;_
HELP WAif TED— Continue*. .
NURSERY governess; one who can -teach
either French or German preferred, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MISS EVELYN BEARDSLEE-Please call to-
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary >t.
4 GERMAN and Swedish cooks. $30: 6 cooks.
$25; 30 girls for cooking and general house-
work $20 and $25; houseglrl. no cooking,
$17 50; cook for men. Alameda County f 2O:
cook, Modesto. $25, see lady here; and a
number of girls for country places. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A COLORED cook; $20. MISS CULLEN. 825
Butter st.
A SHAKER and mangier, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■
COOK. $40; waitress. $15 per month; .German
second girl. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NURSE girl. $10; easy place. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ■
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper. $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
2 COOKS. Jewish families, $30 and $33; cham-
bermaid, $15: ranch cook, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ■
NEAT young girl, light housework. $15; cham-
bermaid and laundress, $25; 12 housework
girls, -city and country. $20 and $25; 8 young
girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. ■
WORKING housekeeper. $20; 6 hotel and board-
ing house waitresses, $20 and $15 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO restaurant waitresses. $5 and $6 per we«k
each: 3 second girls. $15. $20. $25;|2 nurses, $.:)
and $25: housework, San Rafael, $25: Oak
land. $20; Berkeley. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, across the bay, $20, sac lady
here at 1 p. m. to-day: second girl, city.
$20: waitress and seamstress, $25: nurse. $20:
6 cooks in American - and German families,
$25 and $30; girl for general housework In
the mines. $30: Holllster. $20: Berkeley, $20;
and a lance number of girls to fill situations.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT laundress. Institution, $30;
ranch cook, $20: 4 waitresses, hotels and res-
taurants, $20, $5 and $6 week: and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel. $20;
woman with a child, to cook on ranch. $15;
woman with a child' as housekeeper, light
place. $8 to $10; ranch cooks, $15. MURK Aif
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED — Cloak and suit saleslady; must be
capable of taking charge of the department;
state where last employed; salary $40 per
month. Box 300. Call office.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICH-
ELS, 531 Mission St.
A STRONG girl to assist wltn housework and
children. Call after 10 a. m., 2963 Twenty-
first st.
WANTED— apprentice and young lady to
tend to customers. 363 Geary st. Ladies'
tailor.
WANTED — buttonhole machine
operator. MEYERSTEIN CO., 23 Stevenson
st., fourth floor. ■ j
COMPETENT cook, with references. 1002 Van
Ness aye.
TRIMMERS wanted. NEW YORK MILLI-
NER 1208 Market st.
TWO waitresses at 249 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted at 1020 Van
Ness aye.
WANTED— Young girl to wait In restaurant.
Apply 324 Larkin st.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats and
buttonholes; good wages. 123 Russ st.
YOUNG girl for housework in small family;
no washing. Call In morning. 1611 Vallejo.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1048
Golden Gate avenue.
APPRENTICES wanted on custom coats; pay
while learning. 410 Kearny St.. room 33.
LADY teacher out of employment can secure
position at $60 monthly. Box 301, Call office.
SMALL girl to help with child; good home;
small wages. 519 Jones st.
GOOD finishers wanted on custom coats; good
I wages. 409 Clementina st.
GIRL for housework; American family; small
washing; wages $25. 631 Larkln st.
GIRL to assist In light housework. 812
Ellis st.
YOUNG lady, not over 20, to sell cosmetics in
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m., 40 Geary st.
WANTED— Young girl for . general housework ;
German preferred; references. Call bet. 10 and
1, 1519 Vallejo st. , .
WANTED— A neat young girl who understands
some German cooking. Call In the morning,
2605 Stelner st., bet. Pacific aye. and Broad' y.
APPRENTICES for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER' S. 123 Stockton st. "
YOUNG girl, about 16 years, to assist In house-
work. 916 Fulton st.
GIRL between 15 and 16 to assist In house-
work and mind baby. Apply 515 Gough st.
DRIVING glove makers wanted at B. BLUM-
ENTHAL & CO.'S. 18 Battery st.
LADIES' skirt operators wanted. KRAKER.
226 Bush st. __
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
• work. 731 Green St.. near Mason.
GIRL to do cooking and housework: family of
two. Call to-day from 11 to 5. 1406 Post st.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subset Iptlons and ads taken. . .
HELP WANTED- — MAX. E.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....Phone Grant 185
Head waiter, country restaurant, $65; head
and second cook, country hotel, $85; meat
cook, country hotel, $50; second cook, who
can bake, $35; German hotel cook, $40; waiter,
springs. $20; bell boy, $25, with references.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED waiter, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. - * . '
POLISHER and starcher, country, $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 RANCH carpenters, $1 a day and board;
milker. $20; farmer, $15; man and wife, pri-
vate place, $35; woodchoppers, $1 40 a cord.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS hotel bread baker, $60. C. R.
. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CORRESPONDENT and office manager; must
be familiar with export trade and commis-
sion business; for a wholesale house; $150 to
start. Apply In person to C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & ...Washington' Birthday
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
; Want - to-day
10 laborers for a manufacturing company, $28
and found ; 36 more woodchoppers, $3 .to $1
cord; 86 redwood tiemakers, Be. 9c and 120
each; 3 " carpenters, country job, $2 50 day;
4 choremen, city and country, $10 and $20 and
found; stableman, $35; butter maker, $30 and
found; furnace man for a quicksilver mine;
English and Scotch gardeners, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
7 COOKS 1 porter 4 waiters
$30, $40 for cooks; $20 for porter; $25 for wait-
ters. MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
BUTCHER, country. No. 1 place; choreman,
private family. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. . ' '■
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith, $3 day; Italian
coachman and gardener, $25; tie makers, lie;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. . , . ■
WANTED — Restaurant steward, ; first-class
butler, $40; French waiter and valet. $30 to
$35 and found;, porter for Nevada; waiter for
Nevada; and ■» others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— for first-class milk route:
must be young man single and furnish good
: references; salary. $35" per month and found.
Apply to W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st. > :
WANTED— for for first-class lunch
house In city, $35 per month. W. D. EWER
& CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Pastry cook. $40; cook, oyster house.
$12 a week; cook. $30; waiter, hotel, $25; but-
ler, $40; assistant butler, $30: hall; boy. first-
class hotel, $15; gardener, $20;. young man as
porter, country hotel. $15; etc. \ ANDRE'S.
316 Stockton st.
TO go to-day— 4 more railroad laborers, $20 and
board; 2 milkers, near city, $20; milker, few
cows and chores, $20; Italian milker, $20;
farmer and wife, $25. R. T. WARD & CO.,
608 and 610 Clay st. .
A CATHOLIC gardener: $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PREMIUM goods salesman for choice terri-
tory where he ; will have full protection and
every : facility to make money; commission
contract and expenses advanced. Box 675,
Chicago. . / ■.
COMPETENT man or woman for full charge
of coffee house. 536 Valencia. "-
RARE chance for watchmaker without ' tools.
PALMER. 46 Third st. •
WANTED— Boy who s has worked In printing
office: give reference and age. Box 304, Call.
WANTED— good painters for outside work.
-CART AN & SONS. Clay and Mason sts.
BARBER; steady an<^ competent. 315 Kear-
ney st. .•> -'•• -•--.■- •
GOOD barber: steady. 131H Third st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady. 802 Mont-
gomery aye. : :-:'.:,/*
HOBSON House, 417 Kearay»yßoonia from 16a
/>_ 60o; |1 per !_••!*• - r^- — ~ -> - ■HELP W Continued.
ACTIVE, reliable boys, 12 to 16 years old, to
• "distribute advertising matter; no men. 124 A
". ..-Eleventh St.
WANTED— Boy, 18 to 20 years old; wages, $3
• a week. Apply between 8 and 9 o'clock at
THE FRIEDLANDEU HAT CO.. 323 Pine st.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
'."nearly new, from 50c to $150; new shoes,
1 -siightly damaged, one-half price. 56. Mission
rs=t.-, bet. First and Second stF. ; open Sundays.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. 150 large
.. . rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
{d'.MjSN to go on whaling cruise; no experl-
ence required. -HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero sts.
GET' your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c
■■ to 50c. 562 Ml on St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
■BOY to learn printing: must give first sixty
days gratis; good opening. Box 372. Call.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
.■;'•• .'ro.'t..H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; teL Jessie 1164.
.WANTED— Young men for Ladrone Island en-
., terpf-isej capital required. Address CHAS. L.
MePHERSON, 702 N St.. Sacramento.
«TANTJ_Dj-Black-mith'_ helper. 4320 Mission
.* road.
SEATTLE HOUSE. 1064 Third— Furnished
• rooms 25c to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec, 325 Grant ay.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
- $3 at 1542 Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
■ WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
«t.. men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and too per
• -night;. 60c. 90c and Jl per week.
6INGLE sunny furnished room, $2 60 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 60; men's
fdelng. 35c: only one price. ■ 523 Howard ft.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night;. 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. S63H Market «t.
EAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis et.. near Jackson.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Butter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
rocm, 2Sc night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market Ft. below Sixth,
for a room: ?5c a night: n a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room: fre«
*bu» and bae_age to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre: best
2'c article on enrth. BROWN. 33? Ru«h st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Three carpeted, unfurnished rooms,
. en suite, and one small room suitable for
kitoheh. 1219 Golden Gate aye.
■ .WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
•CASH paid for boilers, engines, dynamos, shaft-
lng. pulleys, brass. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
■diseases; all- those who are sick or discour-
aged should call en the doctor and state their
- case before going elsewhere; they will find In
. her a true friend; a home for patients, with
.' every comfort; convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
' absolutely confidential: {satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours, 10 to 12,
2 to 4 and 7 to 8: phone East 995.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever .cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
• at any time when others have failed; travel-
• ■ ers. helped instantly and can return home the
, - .'tune day; positively no instruments used;
self cure. $.": regulator, $1; home in confine-
ment; skillful medical attention: all can save
. time and expense by .consulting the doctor,
v -, free, before going elsewhere: hours. 10 to 5 and
•■ " to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH, removed from
■ Turk to 916 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
• F.O years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
, jtjiciugft else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
. lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confl-
'.dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
; pills. $1: very strong. 82.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
' from what cause and bow long standing;
.-every.- woman to.own physician: car. be sent
safe- and surf, no medicines .or rumen is
us»d: consultation tree;- traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran- I
tppd; cure. $.">: by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
T'R. POPPER and DBA., 818 K<-arny st.
.A •• TREATMENT that restores instantly all
rases of monthly irregularities from whatever
• cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. Jo: travelers- helped in-
.stantly: home for patients separate from of-
fice: consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial: hours. 9 a m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of I*-~" ularl-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
■ rure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
.free. Call or write. 1023^ Market st.
AILMENTS— LadIes In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sirre: cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no instru-
ment^: maternity home; best medical at-
• tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 0 Van
Neas to 13«2A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ALt married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon- to them.' Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st • $1 50 .Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
gura Mfg. Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
PR arid MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
• aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
'■"rale troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 -.0;
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
' i>AT>IES' troubles Instantly relieved or money
back; $5 up. Dr. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market.
PELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av-.Los Angeles.
MRS -ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
3ri confinement. 156 Second ft.: tel. Green n_.
..; : \ ' " DENTISTS.
A FULL "set mt teeth. $5: see new flexlbl*
-.plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 yean:
■ teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; fillings. Me; crowns $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1131.
BR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
• t\i\ secret method; crowns. $2: bridges. »4.
■ -rubber or flex!' > plates. $3; received 8 first
•pri-ies; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
■ TEETH without plates a specialty ; full act of '
teeth. IS: crowns. 13: fillings. We;
•warranted for ten years. Modern . Dental
Parlors. 8 Mason St., corner of Market. -
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
•• work: lowest prices: ten operaj tors.op« D
. • evenings and Sundays. Blxth and Market.
BR / LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
; Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painle*jl "traction
guamtd. N. Y. Deptlsts. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
6-ET of- teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth !
•14.:, filling." gold. Mo: silver. *■": rrownw. W-
ATTORNEYS at law.
_4Jf\ K» free: «w»» law a specialty; T>rU*g;
no- fee without success: collections. O. W.
■ HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
aViVICE free; divorce law: no fee without sue-
cegs ATTY ROSS. 1236 Market, room 127.
ADVICE free: divorce laws, private estates. J.
•B. EVANS. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
V.\' DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
I. • a. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
~ rr— - xn . ... " TPfJKKS.
• ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for' sale cheap; send for samples and
prfres. ALEXANDER jifc_ 00-.110 - .otitKomery.
A "HAMMOND, $225: Callgraph. $15; Yost. *»5;
get sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINKS.
X 3 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; ■
* ? m" et flne supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45. j
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth st. _
T"* STORAGE.
pTKRC^RUDOLPIFstorage and Moving Co.
■ Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main j<l3.
PIERCE •& TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing- advances, etc. 735 Market; tel.. Black 311.
, - "■■ MINIM.
DRYWASHERS for dry placer mining: $M for
. 6-ton machine; any st, made. GEORGE M. j
fcALSBUHY. 621 X St.. Sunset district. |
BUSINESS CHANCES.
CIGAR store; wholesale and retail; doing
a business of $90 par day; selling on account
*«f 7 _hfl_nea_. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
$2000— CORNER saloon, established 30 years;
present owner retiring from business, old age
tha cause; receipts $25 to $35 daily. Mc-
LAUOHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
PARTNERSHIP In candy store; Ma ket at.;
$500; restaurant clearing $50 week, $600. EL-
STON & THOMPSON, room 1, 239 Post St. -
FOR physician or pharmacist, drug store and
practice, doing $20,000 year; $2500. ELSTON &
THOMPSON, room 1, 238 Post st. ■
MILLINERY store, well situated, doing well,
$150; branch bakery • and notions^ 3 living
rooms, $175; saloons, $250, $400, $900. $1000, $1400.
$1500; liquor and wine house, $7500; liquor
store, $5500. The German-American. 112 Kearny.
$300— Partner wanted In old-established restau-
rant; guaranteeing $75 each per month; call !
quick. . N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1073% Market st.
SPLENDID opportunity; will sell at a great
sacrifice my flour mill; the only one in or
near rich county seat, railroad termlnuß, and
in one of the largest and best counties in
California; complete monopoly; new engine;
every appliance of beßt mills in the State;
can clear $50 per day: owner 70 years old;
desires to retire or will take suitable part-
ner or accept loan of % actual cost. Inter-
est 10 per cent.. Address X,. care of R. J.
• MONTGOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
$6500— BUSINESS corner on Leavenworth St.;
stores and flats; under good rent. A. J.
RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
$250— A LADY going East wishes to sell her
interest in first-class dining room;. partner a
reliable business man. ■ Box 298. Call office.
COPPER mine locations for sale; Shasta Coun-
ty. L. L. M. SALSBURY. 902 Brdy. Oakland.
INQUIRE 1129 Mission St.; paying business sale
j at sacrifice on account of sickness.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 96a Mission St.. nr. Bth.
A "SALOON for sale at 16 Clay Bt. on account
of partner leaving. -
$4500— FOR cash only; - for sale, one of the
best hotels in the city of Oakland; 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the time; reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
aeents for business. Address C. A. S. H..
Call office.. Oakland.
$SOO— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition; best cash trade. Apply 28 First
st. ; no agents.
17 000 SHARES non-assessable, fully paid min-
ing stock; par value $1 per share; no fake
mines; now working: will sell shares for
$1 per 1000 shares; splendid for trading pur-
poses. MURRAY, 541 Clay st.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office, 45 Sutter st., opposite. Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets. •
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 600 Haight St.; no agents.
I WELL-PAYING restaurant in good lo-
cality; trial given; suitable for man and wife.
Inquire 637 Kearny St., room 3.
FOR sale— Complete outfit for baking French
bolly buns and waffles, with cart. B. X.,
644 A Natoma st.
' $125— BRANCH bakery and notions; 8 living
rooms; low rent; bargain. Address G.. 3035
Sixteenth St.
] FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery store
i In Mission district;. cash; about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN & BENDEL, 813-327 Battery-
; GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or separate: must be sold; cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and -Valley sts.
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 226 Bush St. • '
$1000— PARTNER: half Interest in Jewelry store
on Market st. Elston & Thompson.' 239 Post.
$250— SMALL restaurant for sale; retiring from
j business owing to sickness. 239 Eighth st.
SMALL printing office; 1 press and 150 fonts
I of type; cheap. Address box 370, Call office.
•s6o— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor: 3 nice
living rooms; rent $12. 1024 Larkin st.
FOR sale— Good-paying route; this paper. Par-
ticulars, call or address 219 Liberty st.
FOR sale, cheap, 2-chalr barber shop; 3 bath
rooms; country. Apply Call office.
! SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush St.
SMALL beer saloon for sale; living rooms up-
stairs. 652 Sacramento St.. San Francisco.
SALOON for sale. Inquire at Anchor Brew-
ery. 9 to 9:30: a. m.. 8 to 5 p. m.
RESTAURANT: present owner running 10
years. Apply Call office; no agents.-- ..-.
$700— BAKERY and delicatessen *, living
rooms; make a fine business. Apply Call.
SHOE store for sale; all new goods. Address
P. O. box 446, Ukiah. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from 080.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 416 Sacramento St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 por year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
AnFEW^oTT6E?3K^R^¥A^GAiNsT~ " ~ "__
46 rooms; corner: clears $250 1,500
10 rooms; near City HaH: very good 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100. 500
12 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house 500
28 rooms; best cor. In city; owner sick. 2.200
18 rooms; rent $50 (transient); half cash.. 1,050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.;
ESTABLISHED In this city In 1877.
15-ROOM house: clears $100 per month; owner
sick; price $350. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
22-ROOM house: rent only $«0; clears $150 per
month; price $850. DECKER. 1020 Market st
So-ROOM house; rent $50; clears $150; worth
$1200; price $450. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
50-ROOM cor, house to exchange for Oakland or
Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A-KREDO & CO— _ 22V4 Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
46 rooms; corner Market: best transient. sl,soo
SO rooms; Kearny; offices: a snap ..:. 2,200
15 rooms; Third; clears $60 month 550
17 rooms; boarding: new; cheap rent 1.150
12 rooms; Post; elegant residence 700
10 rooms; McAllister; clears $35 550
And others; call and get list. KREDO.
LODGING house of 40 rooms; best paying house
in city; present owner 10 years: cheap rent;
large accommodations for hotel If desired:
must be disposed of at once on account of
other business. Address box 310. Call office.
OWNERS of down-town, 20 years' established
hotel of 120 rooms want to make a quick sale;
an exceptional chance. A. M. SPECK & CO..
. 667 Market St.. . "
$300— SNAP; 22 rooms, all rented; Third St.;
rent $30 month. BASILE. 873*4 Market st.
S->OO— LODGING-HOUSE. 16 rooms; bargain; de-
parture. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
1200— FOR sale; rooming house of. 8. rooms with
5 steady roomers: no agents. 654 Mission.
$150— 9-roome: all filled; In good running order,
central. Box . 379, Call office. . . r. •
TURK. 127— 17-room lodging-house for sale;
parties going East; cheap.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
JTrOOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with So.
f range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day*. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
__ j ___-—^ j^^^?
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. •
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
i a WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
- 18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
!" ' A BARGAIN
$6600— CENTRAL aye., 2 modern Improved flats;
■lot 60 feet front; near Panhandle and park.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission St.; tel. Br. 331.
OFFER on 40 walnut restaurant tables with
marble tops. 836 Valencia st. .-
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe; small turn-
-1 rig lathe; 1 £qr. shears. Epstein. 648 Mission.
a— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCH WERDT. 821 Mission.
BARS I back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. / ..:
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment <only), $15; will
* fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupi, 933 Mkt.
AM Iron Wks.. 515 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump. 7^xlo; 24-ln. planer & matcher.
1 BOILERS engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
I second-hand:- WHITE'S. - 616-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. . ' : ;'... — .".'. ... '.- . .
SAFES— In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. ■ 109-111 _ Market. S. F.
iIIJJ. SAJS DHAi^isCO CALL., WJSDJTiSWDAY, fEBKUAKY 22, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
$13— HOUSE of « rooms; $12. one of 4 rooms.
2 and 6 Lawrence place, off Fremont Bt., bet.
Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay.
HOUBE to let— 2 flats, 20 rooms, with 2 baths;
north of Howard St., on sunny side; No. 1136:
rent $42 50.
HOUSE with 8, IS or 24 rooms for rent. Apply
at 1153 Howard st. "
HOUBES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$700— REAR house, 4 rooms and cellar. 724V4
Howard et., near Third.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BRANNAN, 723— Unfurnished cottage: 4 rooms,
large hall; sunny." Apply coal yard. 710 Bran-
nan st. ; rent $7. ■
LOVELY; 5 rooms, bath, yard, etc.; only $12.
At SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
8-ROOM cottage; 4068 Twenty-sixth St.. near
Noe; large lot; $8.
TWENTY-FIRST, near Church— Cottage. I
large rooms, in good condition; bath, yard,
shed: grand view; sun surrounding; $10; water
free; key next door; after 1 p. m.
$10 50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; cellar; yard. 468
Linden aye., near Hayes and Lag-una sts.
FLATS TO LET.
IN every particular a first-class, sunny, stylish
flat of 8 roomß and bath, with storage room in
basement; centrally located in a choice resi-
dence section; has an elegant marine view;
rent very reasonable; inspect. 1417 Clay St.,
bet. Leavenworta and Hyde.
A— 2o FLATS, 3to 4 rooms $7 to $9
A— 72 fiats. sto 7 rooms $11 to $30
10 to 30 days free. AT SPECK & CO.'S, 667
Market at. ' ■
ANTONIO, 4E. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— s rms. : modern conveniences; new house.
BRODERICK, 1016, near Turk— New modern 6
and 7 room flats.
FLATS renovated, 3 and 4 rooms- S3. $3 and
$10. 521 to 527 Linden aye., bet. Laguna and
Buchanan.
FELL, 611— Flat of 4 rooms; bath; hot and cold,
water; gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at 513 Fell Bt.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth^
FLATB to let for the New Year by BAI_D-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery Bt.
FULTON. US— Fine middle flat, 7 rooms; hath;
near City Hall; $28.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 929— A new upper, eunny.
modern flat, opposite Jefferson Square; 5
rooms and bath^
GROVE, 642— Flat, 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
ern Improvements; $23.
HOWARD, 829— Nice sunny rooms; rent cheap;
housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1153, near Eighth— l or 2 or 3 flats,
8 rooms each: separate or all together.
HOWARD. 2006 A. near Sixteenth— 2 beautiful
furnished rooms for housekeeping; $S.
LEAVENWORTH, 811—4 sunny rooms and
bath: very light and dry; $14: no children.
LILY aye.. 204—4 rooms and bath; rent $14.
Owner, 111 Van Ness aye.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath: $15^
NINETEENTH, 3540— Elegant corner sunny up-
per flat, modern improvements, basement and
yard; reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 411, near Hayes— Front bay-window
and grate; large single rooms; neat, sunny;
light housekeeping if desired; %i^
SIXTH 136— Front parlor; also large front rm. ;
light housekeeping rms.. $1 week.
SUNNY top flat; 4 rooms and bath; latest Im-
provements. Key 71S Grove st.
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Nicely furnished
front room and kitchen; $10.
TWELFTH, 145, cor. of Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping^
VERY pleasant sunny flat: low rent. 831 Guer-
rero St., near Twenty-first.
$12— SHIPLEY. 2998. near Sixth— Flat, bath,
folding doors, mantel, yard.
|18_501 HARRISON; 5 rooms, bath: large
porch; two weeks' rent to responsible tenant.
$25A— FREE rent and $20 besides; 8-room flat;
?ir,n cash. 126 Eighth Ft.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
Bunny yard. 11l Fell et.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 front connecting rooms
for housekeeping, with laundry and bath. $10.
EDDY, 743—3 or 4 ro"ms; furnished or un-
furnished; upper or lower floors
EDDY, 917— Large sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; every convenience; garden; no chil-
dren: splendid location; private residence.
FIRST. 28—8 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo. ; also 2 unfurnished, $6 mo.
FOLSOM, 646—2 large unfurnished rooma, with
yard; suitable for housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 77fiMi— 2 large furnished connecting
rooms to let for housekeeping, $8.
FOLSOM, 863 — Large sunny bedroom and con-
necting kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FOURTH, 225— Sunny front room for two; also
housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050— One or two large
gunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light housekeeping or for gentleman; gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE, 131—1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping If desired.
HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished Bultei kitch-
en; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HYDE, 809— Nicely furnished lower floor; 3 or
4 rooms: complete with range; other rooms.
JESSIE, 439. bet. sth & 6th— 2 large sunny con-
necting rms.; complete hskpg.; sink, bath; $11.
MISSION, 1125% — Furnished housekeeping rms.;
cook stoves; single or en suite; $7 to $9.
NINTH, 20— Front bay-window suite, $12; also 3
connecting, $10; stove; water; gas.
NINTH, 21— Sunny BUlte for light housekeep-
ing; running water; stove.
SEVENTH. S2SV4— Three nice rooms; rent cheap
to small famUy^
SIXTH, 216'zi— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: light housekeeping & alng.; rent reas.
SIXTH, 393— Front rooms furnished for house-
keeping; no children.
SOUTH PARK, 67—2 furnished rooms; sunny;
modern conveniences; In private family.
STEVENSON. 403. cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap; home comforts.
TWENTIETH, 3622, near Valencia— 3 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; sink, bath.
VAN NESS aye., 1021—2 minny rooms; gas,
range, bath: furnished; low rent.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 60; night. 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, 242— Bunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st.. corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT, 1364 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
FOR _ select couple; Market St.; suite con-
necting; bath: board optional. Hotel Las
Pal mas. 1820 Market st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 208— Sunny bed room,
suitable for two; gentlemen preferred.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room: running water; grate;
private family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 1404- 2 large sunny, furnished
front rooms; rent $5 each.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GUERRERO. 629 — A nice sunny front room.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to 16 per Week.
LAGUNA. JSIO— Furnished and unfurnished
large sunny rooms: private family.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front, nicely fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; $8.
LARKIN, 820MtC— A large, light, furnished
room, large closet; flre place; suitable for 2;
rent cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, 216— Large front sunny par-
lor; gas, bath^
MINNA, 111H— Furnished housekeeping room,
$1 26; bay-window housekeeping, $1 50 week.
MINNA, 687, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 821— Sunny kitchen and bedroom;
large rooms, $2; single, $1.
NATOMA, 112— Nice sunny furnished and un-
furnished rooms; $4 per month and upward.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms: els-
vat or; eltctrio lights; day. week or month.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL. 224— Sunny furnished front rooms,
en suite or single, moderate; transient.
O'FARRELL, 271— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
O'VARRELL. 280 (The Elwood)— Nice sunny
rms.; hot & cold water; gas, bath; gentlemen.
O'FARRELL, 419 (flat 4)— Furnished roortl; use
of kitchen; $10. •_
PERRY, 188—2 sunny furnished bedrooms'; sin-
gle, and one double^
POUt. 17— Front bay-window room or single,
$1 to $3 per week.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny front furnished room;
cozy and comfortable; $4 50.
SEVENTH, 249— Two sunny and newly fur-
nished roome; rent very reasonable; private
family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 717 and 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
TAYLOR. 112— Changed hands; everything new;
suits or single; $2 50 per week up; modern.
TAYLOR, 708— Pleasant sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen. ■
THIRTEENTH, 175— Three large sunny bay-
window rooms; large yard; rent, $8.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
NICE punny room, with excellent board, in a
refined family for a married couple or gentle-
men. Address box 377. Call office.
i O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
! POST. 744— Nice sunny rooms, first-class board,
$36 up; parlor and piano.
VALENCIA, 128, near Market— New elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board. In
ptlvate family.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY would like a child to board; terms rea-
sonable. 1802 Howard St., corner Fourteenth.
EDDY, 327— Children to care for: rooms for
parents also^ .
W r ANTED— A child to board in a private fam-
ily where there are no other children. 45
Castro st.
GOOD home for child, with mother's care, $10
a month. 210 Lexington ave^
ONE or 2 children to board; German family;
nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
TO board child or Infant. 2865 San Jose aye.;
the San Mateo electric cars out Thirtieth st.
pas« door.
STORE'; TO LET.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church: suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply 8688
Folsom st.
STORE (new). Twenty-second and Castro sts.;
suitable for grocery and bar.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new,
upright, rosewood; Chickering, used three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
years- easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
BOW. 16 O'Farrell st.
THE best bargain In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
A FINE Hallett & Davis upright will be sold
this week for half Its value. R. 10. Flood big.
A GOOD Fischer upright, perfect order. $105.
Room 10, Flood building.
2 VERY fine trombones; will sell very cheap.
Apply, bet. 8 and 11 a. m.. 1148 Market st.
FINE Steinway. Chickering, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtas Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments. $6 75 up;
rentß $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). ISS Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BA RG A l N— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post Bt.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. rr.nkpr. repairer. 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
KNGINEERING~SchooI. civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
ctructlon, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; J4
teachers, day and evening; catalogue fre«.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; llf«
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms: low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st.
START right and the end Is In sight. Prof.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, eultar. 1008 Mission.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arehlt. ; day A- eve. ;
eet. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 983 Market.
ELOCUTION, English branches: trial lesson
free at pupil's home or 1187 Dolores.; teacher.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.; Prof. De Fillw>e's
Academy of Languages, S2O Post: ablest profs.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mm«.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 672 Parrot t bldg.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch offlcs of The Call.
Subscription!) and ads taken.
~LOST.
LOST— Brindle Great Dane dog; name Tiger;
also black Newfoundland bitch, name May.
Return to 1190 Valencia Pt. ; reward.
PANSY scarfpln. with small diamond. Reward
at room 1307, Claus Spreckels building.
LOST — Small blue and tan dog; answers to
the name of Brutus; return to E. HA-
QUETTE, 1647 Post St., and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of CHARLES WM. COLBY, No. 91-264.
The finder will please return to bank.
PROPOSALS^
SAN~FRANCISCO, Cal., February 22, 1899 —
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 12 o'clock noon,
Friday, March 24, 1899. and then opened, for
"Doing all the printing, and furnishing all
material therefor, that may be required at
Headquarter? Department of California, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900."
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production or manufacture, conditions of
quality and price (Including In the price of
foreign productions or manufacture the duty
thereon) being equal. The U. S. reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
in whole or in part. Information furnished
on application to undersigned. Envelopes
containing proposals should c>e marked "Pro-
posals for Printing." and addressed to J. M.
Marshall. Deputy Quartermaster General. U.
S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
MoCALL~ Sliding Hinge-Window Company.—
Location of principal place of business, San
Francisco, California.
Notice is hereby given, that at a meeting
of the directors, held on the 14th day of Feb-
ruary 1599, an assessment of five cents per
share was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable Immediately in
United States gold coin, to the secretary
thereof, at the office of said corporation. No.
215 Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco, Cal.
And stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 18tn day of March. :
1899, will be delinquent and advertised for j
sale at public auction, and unless payment
is made before, will be sold on TUESDAY,
the 4th day of April, 1899, to pay the d-lin-
quent assessment, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of sale. By order
of the Board of Directors.
ELVIN C. McCALL, Secretary.
Office. No. 215 Golden Gate avenue, San
Franrlsoo, California.
PHkSICIANS^
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office |
and residence, 1021\£ Market, bet. Bth and 7th. j
PERSONALS.
PACIFIC ave.— Fi~~ large residence, near Oc-
tavla. A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
I HAVE been troubled with toothache for a
number of years on both sides of face: by
using Prof. CHAS. LOG'S remedy was cured
entirely. MRS. ALICE J. HAINES, 712
Commercial; also E. WELLS and W. HAM-
ILTON. Prof. LOG has removed to 619 Jack-
son st.
GO to the best hairdresser in the city, LED-
ERER; best styles. 25c only; hair rolls, 3oc;
good switches, $1; fine, $2 50; L^derer s
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA Hair Tonic softens
the hair and makes It glossy; price, 35c per
bottle: try It. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WRINKLES scientifically removed and busts
.- developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
, wonderful invention, at the HARMONIC
7 LIFE INSTITUTE, 236 Powell St.; tests free.
TOOTHACHE worm removed by approved
Chinese methods. C. LOG, 619 Jackson st.
ELECTRIC treatment and massage at 119 A
Bartlett St. A. LANDWEBER.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell 18 lbs. granulated sugar, Jl; 8 lbs. coffee,
$1; 25 lbs. rolled oats. $1; 25 lbs. prunes, pears
or peaches, $1: 10 cans table. fruit, $1; 12 cans
corn, $1; gallon can maple syrup, $1; 13 cans
tomatoes, $1; flour, Ssc sack; butter, 25c roll;
eggs, 15c dozen; cheese, 12% c per lb. LIN-
COLN BROS., Cash Grocers, 226 Sixth St.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty,
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send fcr Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms; j
25c to $1 50 per night; II 50 to $6 per week; ;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines: treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
CONTRACTOR for well-digging, tunnel run-
ning for water. Box 253. Call office.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 862 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
FOLDING beds 18 50; bedrm. sets IS: bed loung-
es 14 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
Ladles' gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st. j
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St.. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12% c: 3e porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth St.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKER -
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up: dresses made
over; perfect fit. 8 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mllli-
nery: patterns cut. McDowell Sen.. 103 Post.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings 11. 232 Stockton st.
WASHINGTON'S, birthday materializing se-
ance to-day, ■ 2 p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mob.. 8; 25c;. sittings. 11. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. ■ BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, : has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
] MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
-writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1023% Market St., bet.
Sixth' and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
• and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family ■• troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, -remove Influence, bad habits;. will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death divorces, absent' friends, etc.
N. • B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
- mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023*4 Mkt.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-'
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles. 50c; gents, $1: sit., |1 50. 126 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; >sc. ' :,
. MME. HANSON, palmist and card.- reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 153& sth, r. 21.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
' reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
GYPSY life reader: tells nothing but truths:
all questions answered: 25c, 50c. 928 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gentle-
men, 25c. 77 Ninth et.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, ' cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladle-*. 914 O'Farrell st.
• PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE, 777 Market St.; future
events. f^c; advice, all questions; satisfaction.
~ ~ PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
- nialne. 3388 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1S71: reading by mail 11.
________ HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush St.: 15
yearg' experience; references given.
■ MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security: payable
■ back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it nnd carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
KOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Misson »t.. abore
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, Id
! and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. I.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob->
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
ftore. S4<S Market st.: tel. Main 1644.
LOA."- - to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 10034 Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 8. ..
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary; small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval* low rates: no commission; $28 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason «t.. opp. .Ol.vmpla Music Hall.
C-. furniture, pianos, without removal no com-
mleslon: private. LICK. 119 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
. estate* a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$60 to 000; lowest rat?; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. ' r-den, 413 Montgomery «t.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
FINANCIAL.
• MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc Harper & Kretger. 812 Examiner Bg.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. . SYL-
. VAIN SALOMON, hr.-.k«r. *?* MnntgnmprT.
r ~: MONEY WANTED.
\VorLD~llke to "borrow 1800 from private party
on stock of merchandise. Box 384. Call.
WANTED— SSOO mortgage on Ventura County
' land. Box 2SO, Call office. '- ■ ■
"carpet cleaning.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
V moves. lays carpets.- C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
18 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 200. . .
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-257 Tehama St.: tel. 8. 40.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
'453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 828; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ■'
PROPERTY TO EXCHAXGE^
CHEAPEST and best in America-rThe Weekly
Call, 16 ■ pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for II per year.
PROPERTY \VA,Vr_JL>.
IMPROVED and unimproved property wanted
In Fruitvale. Alameda, t Oakland, j Berkeley
and San Francisco:, owners only. -Box 297.
"Call. _;_
WANTED, by a practical farmer, ranch to rent
: on shares or cash. Address J. J., box 371, Call.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ,
5^ 0 -
Now 667 Market t..-.5.«.... 1 ..««7-Madcet st.
Elegant Accommodations. Good investments.
$10,000.
8 elegant flats of 4 rooms and bath: corner;
rents $115; four blocks from City Hall.
$4500.
6 flats; % block from Sixth and Mission sts. ;
rents $4S; a snap; only Vi cash.
$S9OO.
Grand corner; 3 elegant flats; lot 30x110 feet;
now rented for $90; fine view; cheap at $11,000.
$2200.
Minna St.: cottage: near Seventh.
A. M. SPECK & CO., (now) 667 Market st.
LOOK at this: must be sold; part cash, or will
trade for improved city property lot 80x213;
2-story house, 9 rooms: bath: all modern im-
provements; 2-story barn: tank, tankhouse
and windmill; fine sewer system.: street work
all done; cement sidewalks and through
grounds; beautifully laid out garden; palms;
fruit; oramje and lemon trees; 3 blocks to
station: Berkeley. Box 1507. Call office.
ENTIRELY new design -
Of colonial residence.
Lyon and Oak streets, facing Golden Gate
Park; 11 rooms and bath, and finished base-
ment; grand mantels and decorations; hard-
wood finish and best of plumbing; sun in
every room; price and terms very reasonable:
open for inspection. . DAN EINSTEIN, owner
and builder, 19 Montgomery st. •
OWING to the pressure of business and the
necessity of a larger office, JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON will remove • about March 1,
1599, to No. 19 Montgomery st. |__r
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements:
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$6500— FINE residence: Ashbury St.: lot 25x
186:3: to Tremont aye. A. J. RICH & CO..
112 Montgomery st.
BROADWAY st. residence, near Laguna: mar-
ine view. A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Mont-
gomery st. ■
NEW elegant modern cottages, 5 rooms, bath,
attic: Guerrero st., near Army; street bitum-
inlzed. Apply FEIGE, 1024 Capp st. ;
$700 WILL ouy a choice building lot one block
from electric cars, near Folsom st. grade
and sewer complete.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
; : Subscriptions and ada taken. -
i ~— ' i^-— — — ~— — — — — «■—— — —
COtATRV REAL ESTATB.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COT ATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
■ Real Estate Broker,
. • 1058 Broadway, Oakland.
— New Colonial cottage of 5 rooms, all
complete; ~ a little beauty; neat- Telegraph
aye.; price reduced; terms, $175 cash and
$16 80 per month; lot 40x100 feet; sunny side
of the street.
$1500— Eastlake cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
high basement; close to San Pablo avenue;
street work is all done; wMI be sold on easy
monthly payments.
Cottage of 5 rooms, with lot 50x168
feet in Golden Gate: sunny side; half block
from school and near the train.
$2250— Cottage of 6 rooms, hall and hl;*h
basement, with lot 50x125 feet; centrally lo-
cated, and within walking distance of Mar-
ket street station. A chance to get a bargain.
This place positively must be sold.
: HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway, near Eleventh street.
$560 AND upwards— A poor man's chance to se-
cure a home, conveniently located between
Grove street and San Pablo avenue, within
ten or flfleeen minutes' walk of local train;
' convenient to school and postofflce; healthi-
est location in Oakland; terms to suit. Ad-
dress R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470 Thlrteea^i
street, Oakland. .
$150 CASH, $6 monthly till paid for; neat cot-
tage of 3 rooms, barn, outhouses, 2 lots, nice-
ly fenced, good well of water, flowers; price
$575 all told;- street 'macadamixedr soil and
' climate excellent; drainage ■ perfect: fine level
land: streets all graded; Borne macadamized;
close to 3 electric car lines and a fine 3-
story public school: 50 families now located
■in nice homes; no fogs nor cold winds: Allen-
; - dale Tract, East Oakland; a few lots un-
sold, $75 ward; $5 cash. $5 monthly. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., corner
; Broadway. Oakland;, carriage free. H. Z.
; ? JONES, owner. • .■ ■ ■-■■■•
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE. j
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Ransam L. Beebe and Lula A. Randa11.. ,..26-20
Walter Lamoureaux and Lillie E. Cronen.. 22-18
Walter S. Hyde and Georgle Stewart — ...26-19
Martin I. W. Smith and Adelaide M. A11en. 27-20
Slgfrled Steuer and H. Grace Campbe11.... 33-25
Robert Knighton and Made de Lashmutte. 37-24
David K. Minor and Helen V. Wilson 25-23
Thomas E. Downey and Ellen S. 8r0wn.. 30-22
Bertie W. Short and Louise A. Engler 21-18
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage . and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BORN.
ARMER— this city, February 21. 1899, to the
wife of Andrew M. Armer, a daughter. >
SCHAEFER— In East Oakland, February 20,
3599, to the wife of John Schaefer, a son.
~ MARRIED. "
COHEN— GOODMAN— In this city, February 2,
1899. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Reuben F.
Cohen and Ray Goodman.
FRIEDLANDER— In this city, Febru-
ary 19. 1899, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Max
Levy and Henrietta Frledlander.
___
died7~
Ambrose, Wm. F. Jr. Haycroft, James C.
Baker, Oliver H. Hendy, Samuel
Bianconl, Antonio Hitchins, William M.
Bovyer, Albert J. Horkons, Patrick -
> Bowen, Delia Hyman, Isaac
Britt. Ellen Kellogg. Mary D.
Brown, Henrietta R. Lavelle, Robert E.
Bunnell. Mrs. Naomi Lenahan, Annie
Colburn, Orrille M. Llewelyn, John D.
Conlon, Mm. C. McGrath. John
Crooks. John E. McKnlght, Emma
Emery, Catharine Mills. James W.
Faull, Helen F. Paul, Horatio 8. . .
Fink, Elizabeth Roberts, Rudolph
Girard, Julian ■ Sklvlngton. Gertrude
Grimwood, Edwin D. Sweeny, Michael .
1 tawkes. Ann Thomson, Thomas
AMBROSE— In • this city, February 20, 1899,
William F. Jr., infant son of William F. and
Carrie Ambrose, a native of "San Francisco,
' aged 4 months. i ■
BAKER— In this city, February 21, 1899, Oliver
H. Baker, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 62
years 2 months and 23 dayß. '
BIANCONI— In the City and County Hospital,
February 21. ■ 1899, Antonio Bianconi, a na-
tive cf Italy, aged 34 years.
BOVVER— In this city, February 20, 1899, Albert
James, beloved son of John A. and Margaret
S. Bovyer, and brother of Nelson, Percy,
Emily, May, Clayton and Wallace Bovyer, a
native of Prince Edwards Island, Canada,
aged 22 years. (Eastern papers please copy.)
r The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, ; from . 1218 Turk
sJTeet.
BOVVEN— In this city, February 21, 1899, Delia,
, beloved wife of the late A. J. Bowen. and
mother of Mary E. Bowen, a native of Ire-
land, aged 70 years 4 months and 16 days. *
E^At her late residence, 215 Chestnut
street.
BRITT— In Fruitvale, entered Into rest, Ellen,
beloved wife of John R. Brltt, aged 70 years
6 months and 2 dayß. , ; -
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BROWN— this city, February 20, 1899, Hen-
rietta R., beloved wife of William C. Brown,
mother of John F. Brown, daughter of Mrs.
J. Prideaux. and sister of John H. and Frank
W. Prideaux, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
33 years 8 months and 13 days. , .
IpTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, .from: the family
residence, 511 Natoma street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
BUNNELL— In this city, February 20. 1899,
* Mrs. Naomi Bunnell, • beloved mother of Mrs.
William ■ Andersen, sister of L. B. Irish of
Brooklyn, L. 1., and grandmother of Fred
H. Draper, a native of Shelburne, Chittenden
County, Vt., aged 83 years 10 months and 6
days.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 552 Indiana street, near Twenty-sec-
ond. Interment private in Masonic Cemetery.
l Please omit flowers. • '
COLBURN— In this city, February 20, 1899,
Orrllle M., beloved wife of the late Charles
E. Colburn. a native of Maine, aged 75 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late rest- i
' dence, 3771 Twentieth street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from Twentieth and Guer-
v rero streets to Cypress. Lawn Cemetery for
interment. : V. : .-<
CONLON— In this city. February 21, 1899, at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. E. W.
Cameron, 921 Jessie street. Mrs. Catherine
Conlon, beloved wife of the late Frank Con-
lon, and beloved mother of John J., Frank
J. and Kate Conlon, Mrs. E. W. Cameron
and Mrs. J. Capelli, a native of Ireland, aged
-60 years. (Washington, D. C, papers please
copy.) , > - - . -i ■
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral, to-morrow
(Thursday), from her late residence, 921 Jes-
sie street, thence to St. Joseph's Church.
Tenth and Howard streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CROOKS— Haywards. February 20. 1899.
John Edwin, beloved husband of Sadie F.
Crooks, father of Miss- Ethel and J. C. Crooks
and Mrs. Arthur M. Brown, and brother of
W. L. Crooks of Benicla, Cal., a native of
Cleveland, Ohio, aged 55 years 11 months and
24 days.
Es"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Presby-
terian Church in Haywards. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland. Friends de-
string to so to the cemetery after services
can take the electric cars at Haywards and
change to Mountain View cars at Thir-
teenth and Washington streets. Oakland.
EMERY— this city. February 21, 1899, Cath-
arine Emery, mother of Leonidas P., Charles
. D. and John E. McGown and Mrs. John G.
Noonan. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 724 Broderick street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church. Flllmore street, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FAULL— In Sausalito, February 21, 1899, Helen
Fiske-Fuull, daughter of Mrs. H. M. Fiske,
sister of Mrs. S. E. Peart of Woodland and
W H. Fiske of Portland, and mother of
Mary, John. Sophia and Henry Faull and
Mrs. W. O. Wayman. aged 49 years. C
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from- the residence
of Mrs. H. M. Fiske, 2100 Bush street. Inter-
ment private. • ■:•:-. ■■■•■
FINK— In this city.' February 20. 1899. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Conrad Fink, and
mother of Louisa and Elizabeth Fink, a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years 7 months and
24 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1632 O'Farrell street, between Webster
and Fillmore, thence to Odd Fellows. Ceme-
tery, where the remains will be cremated.
Please omit flowers.
GIRARD— In the City and County Hospital,
February 21, 1599, Julian Girard, a native of
France, aged 40 years.
GRIM\VOOD— In this city, February 21, 1899.
Edwin Dewey Grimwood, a native of San
■ Francisco, aged 8 months and 3 days.
HAWKES— In Oakland. February 21, 1899. Ann.
. widow of the late Robert Hawkes, and mother
of Robert H., Bert S. and Annie B. Hawkes
- and Mrs. James Gatley. a native of Ireland,
aged 53 years 10 months and 28 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from St. John's
- Episcopal Church, corner Eighth and Grov»
streets, Oakland. Interment private. ;
HAYCROFT— this city. FebruAry 20, 1899.
James Charles, beloved son of Geortrina and
the late James Haycroft, Esq., and brother
of Georglna M. and Louise C. Haycroft, a
native of Donerails, County Cork, - Ireland,
> aged 25 years 6 months and 2S days.
inTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the Church
' of the Advent. Eleventh street, near Market.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by the
electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
HENDY— At the Montezuma Mine, near Plnos
Altos, Mexico, January 13, 1899, Samuel
Hendy, beloved husband of Frances Hendy,
and brother of the late Joshua Hendy, a na-
tive of England. .::'."".
HITCHINS— In this city, February 21, 189f.
William M., beloved husband of Mrs. Alice
Hltehins, a native of New York.
KORKONS— the City and County Hospital,
■ Febti'ary 21, 1899, Patrick Horkons, a native
of Ireland, aged 50 years. ,
HYMAN— this city. February 20, 1899. Isaac
Hyman, beloved father of Elsie Hyman, and
brother of Mrs. J. Feldberg of Helena, Mont.,
and the late Moses Hyman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 54 years 10 months and 16 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mr. W. L. Mack. 2214 Jackson
street, thence by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock.
KELLOGG— Oakland. February 21, 189*.
Mary D. Kellogg, a native of New York,
aged 76 years and 24 days. ' -"■' - •
LAVELLE— in this city, February 19, 1899.
Robert E., beloved son of Mary A. and the
late Michael Lavelle, and brother of Mrs.
H. A. Kuchmeister and Nellie F. and the
late Frank E. and Kitty R. Lavelle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 9
months.
It^Frlendfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3347 Twenty-second street, thence to
St. James Church, Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
' Calvary Cemetery.
LENAHAN— this city, February 20, 1899,
Annie, beloved daughter of Joseph and Delia
Lenahan, a native of San Francisco, aged
: 4 months and 7 days; also Joseph, beloved son
■ of Joseph and Delia Lenahan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years 3 months and 20 dayi.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend their funerals this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. High street, off Corbett
road, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
sixth streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' '■ ■. ;
LLEWELYN— In Clayton, John D., beloved
husband of Mary Llewelyn, and father of
" Mrs. A. G. Sinclair. Mrs. A. G. Ferguson,
Mrs. L. H. Cary. Mrs. M. H. Turner and
Reese Llewelyn, a native of Wales, aged «7
years 11 months and 5 days.
McGRATH— this city, February 19, 18$*,
John McGrath, beloved brother of : Michael
and Thomas McGrath. Mrs. Peter ' Cluness.
Mrs. Miller and Mrs. Consldlne. a native of
Kllrush, County Clare, Ireland, aged 33 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
. Interment- Holy Cross Cemetery-
McKNIGHT— In this city. February 20. 1899,
Emma, dearly beloved wife of Hugh J. Me
Knight, and beloved mother of Edward H.
(R. Willis) Imelda McKnlght, a native of
New York City, aged 38 years.
Funeral private, this day (Wednesday),
at 1:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 73
Clementina street, thence, to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. •»_>.■.'"
MILLS— In this city, February 20. 1899, James
W., beloved son of James and the late Cath-
erine Mills, and brother of Thomas and the
late Catherine Mills, Mrs. S. Corsclllla and
Mrs. M. Thornhlll. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 23 days. ,
(E^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's
Church, California and Dupont streets, for
services. Interment Holy ' Cross Cemetery.
PAUL— Oakland, February 19, 1899, ■ Horatio
6. Paul, beloved father of Mrs. Eva Dodge.
Mrs. Blanche Desmond, Mrs. Ruby Hutchln-
son and Albert, Freddie and Willie Paul, and
brother of Mrs. Percy Beamish. Mrs. Mary
Stevens and Joseph Paul, a native of Eng-
- land, aged. 66 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall.
Fourth street, near Market. interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, February 20. 1899,
Rudolph, dearly beloved husband of the late
Carolina B. Roberts, and father of Julius and
Max Roberts and Mrs. H. Berkel, a native of
Germany, aged 50 years.-
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Theodore Dierks, 957 Mission street,
and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to New
Salem Cemetery for interment.
SKIVINGTON— In this city, February 21. 1899,
Gertrude, beloved daughter of John and Anna
Sklvington, sister of Emma and Edward
Skivlngton, and granddaughter of Gertrude
and John H. Fisher, a native of California,
' aged 19 years and 9 months.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at i o'clock, from the residence
- of her grandparents; 310 San Jose avenue, near
Twenty-fifth street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SWEENY —In this city, February 20, ,1899,
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret
Sweeny, father of George E. Sweeny, Mrs.
" R Rlpley and the late J. Paul Sweeny, and
brother of Nicholas and the late John
Sweeny, a native of County Armagh, Ireland,
aped 73 years. ■
KTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, . "r 13 i Folsom street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. . Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
THOMSON— In the City and County Hospital,
February 21, 1899^ Thomas Thomson, a na-
tive of Holland, aged 57 years.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL No. 35, Y. M. I.— Th»
annual requiem mass for our deceased brother
members will be celebrated on Wednesday
a morning next, 22d inst.. at St. Mary's Church
(Paulist), at 10 o'clock. Relatives and
friends of all departed brothers of the Y.
M. I. are respectfully invited to attend. Ser-
mon by Rev. H. H. Wyman. C. 8. P.
: . C. B. FENN President.
C. L. EBNER. Secretary. ■
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. - . - .
1. McAVOY (feCO., - I
FUNEKaL DIRECTORS Ac EMBALaCEK* I
1235 Market at. .between Bth and »U. I
Ttlephon«. South 147. |
1112
MISS BURTON
CONSOLED BY
HER FRIENDS
Her Sacrifice Brings
Sympathy.
THE ASSAILANT NOT FOUND
JOSEPH ALEXAKIS ALSO SAW
THE TRAGEDY.
The Story That Piarry Owens Told to
the Police — Looking for a
Rounder of the
Tenderloin.
There ■were very few developments yes
terday in the investigation of the murder
of Charles M. Hawley. Interest centered
more upon the unfortunate woman, Alma
E. Burton, who, from her sense of duty
to a principle, sacrificed herself in an ef
fort to save a drunkard from a lower
depth of degradation and death. Friends
gathered at Miss Burton's home yester
tiay to console her and to assure her that
they condoned the terrible step sho had
taken. Every effort was made to soften
the sting of her shame and she was left far
more encouraged than she had been since
. the tragedy which revealed so much that
was bitter to her. In a few days she will
resume her work at the Peniel Mission
.on Montgomery avenue and Kearny
Street.
The detectives are now convinced that
Hawley owed his death, not to the jeal
ous rage of a rival or to the wrath of an
Injured relative, but to the chance blow
of a tenderloin rounder, who resented
Hawley's drunken familiarity. Two new
•witnesses who are able to add elements to
the story of Hawley's death were dis
covered yesterday. Both complete the se
irios of facts which prove that the assail
ant who put out Hawley's life had no pre
meditated malice in his blow.
On Sunday night two hours before he
received his death blow Hawley was seen
In company with a mail at Kearny and
(Sacramento streets. It was thought that
this man might be able to throw some
light on the murder, or might have been
a party to it. An investigation shows
that he was neither implicated nor knew
anything of the crime. The man is Har
ry Owens, who is connected with the
Peniel Mission, which Miss Burton con
ducted and which Hawley attended.
Owens met Hawley on Kearny street,
near Jackson, shortly before 7 o'clock.
The two men. known to each other j
through their associations at the mission,
continued their walk together down Kear
ny street toward Market.
At the corner of Sacramento they
parted, Owens to go back to the Mission
and Hawley to proceed toward Market,
with the remark that he intended to go
to hi? room and retire. He delayed on
the way, taking enough liquor to intoxi
cate him. Before he reached Grant ave
nue, aear Geary, where he was assaulted,
it was almost 9 o'clock.
Another man also saw the encounter
between Hawley and the stranger. The
Etory of this new witness, in its essential
details, is corroborated by that of Paul
Mamogni and the three boys. The new
witness is Joseph Alexakis. an itinerant
peddler of fruits, who frequently places
his stand on (Jrajit avenue, near Geary.
On Sunday night Alexakis was at this i
place and 'noticed Hawley staggering up
Grant avenue from Geary. Within a few
feet the peddler saw Hawley jostle a
stranger and again stagger until he fell
headlong to the pavement. This account
of the murder agrees substantially with
the story of the other witnesses.
It shows beyond doubt that there was
ho premeditated malice in the blow of the
Stranger, and even if he were caught it
fs doubtful if he would be held for an
offejise more serious than manslaughter.
An autopsy performed on the body of the
dead man showed that his physical condi
tion, before death had been such that he
could not have lived very long before the
natural end would have come. The im
oie-diau- cause of death was a fracture of
the frontal bone of the skull, received in
the fall to the sidewalk. The detectives
will continue their search for the un
known assailant, but there is little hope
of finding him, aa he Is probably some
hardened denizen of the Tenderloin, who
knows the virtue of silence.
KNOCKED DOWN BY
HER BROTHER-IN-LAW
CHARLES H. RODGERS CONVICT
ED OF BATTERY.
At the Request of the Capitalist's At
torney Judge Mogan Postponed
Sentence Till To-Morrow.
Chas. ■H. Rodgers, a capitalist living at
Tenth and Folsom streetß, was convicted
by Judge Mogan yesterday afternoon on
l charge of battery preferred against him
by his sister-in-law, Mrs. Fay J. Barnes.
Mrs. Barnes was living with her sister
at the Rodgers residence, and on February
8. while Rodgers had some money in his
.hand, she playfully struck his hand and
the money rolled on the floor. Rodgers
P;ot mad and knocked her down. She was
n consequence of the assault confined to
her bed for over a week.
John J. Mahoney, a druggist at Folsom
and Tenth streets, testified to Mrs.
Barnes calling at his stor?. and that he
found that her jaw was swollen and there
was a lump on her temple.. Dr. J. Henry
Barbat also testified to attending Mrs.
• Barnes, but he only found £. mark on her
tlerhple. He admitted thai, Rodgers had
spokf n to him about the rise, and Rodg
ers had promised to pay S\s bill for at
tending Mrs. Barnes. *
The defendant and his tfife both testi
fied that Mrs. Barn<>s received her inju
ries by falling against a c»air. and Rodg
ers denied striking: her. tHe insinuated
that Mrs. Barnes was not a good sister
lo-law to have. Prosecuting Attorney
JoaeTiimsen testified that oe had lived in
the same house with Rodgers for two
years and knew that his personal reputa
tion- was good. He knew nothing about
.his genprai reputation. "
■ Attorney L*)ng. for the dereridant. asked
that sentence be suspended' until to-mor
row as he intended to appeal to the Supe
rior' Court. The Judge consented.
WILLIAM Q. INWOOD DEAD.
Old Employe of. the Postoffice Dies
■ - After a Long IJ.iness.
Letter-carrier Y-'illlam Inwood died
last Saturday after an&lness of a year,
and the funeral was b-<d from his family
residence, 2921 Ovt^fa street, last Mon
day afternoon. JP^
Mr Inwood '..k; been in the letter car
rying depar'vneni of the Postoffice since
1&6 and Wde rn'iny friends by his strict
attention. ''to duty and by his uniform
courted About a year ago he was taken
111 4-s2" v could wo>k only at Intervals. He
iVvJlves a. widow /tnd family.
Mme. Alma E. Keith Invites you all to
the finest opening she ever made this
Thurs" Frl. and ?at. Phelan building. 808
Market st^ ': , m ,
Golden Links Charity Entertainment.
Golden Gate Hj2l on Sutter street -was
mrkod last night* the occasion being the
Entertainment *Ivii by the Golden Links
for charity's Balk. The programme,
Which included a minstrel performance
Toll vaudeville specialties, was rendered
•in a manner that -railed forth rounds of
applause. c » ■
Photographs ,of paintings and
groups that are being finished to
commemorate ".lie glorious deeds of
the war, in next Sunday's Call.
i3tf*!SS *
A BURGLAR SEEKS
DEATH IN PRISON
Charles Silders Tries*
to Hang Himself l
In a Cell.
A DELIBERATE attempt was made<|>
yesterday morning by Charles Sil-*
ders. alias Loeer. to strangle him-A
self in his cell in the City Prison, (
and he declares that he will make sure?
that the next attempt is successful. T
Silders was held to answer before the*.
Superior Court by Judge Mogan Monday^
♦
on two charges of burglary, for break-
Ing windows In the stores, 310% California
street and 522^ Pine street and stealing
several articles. When held he remarked
that he was a "socialist and believed that
he was justified in stealing if he was hun
gry and had no money to buy fond. At
the time he was arrested by Detectives
Ryan and ODea he told them that if the
case went against him he would kill him
self, as he had only once to die anyhow,
and he preferred that to spending several
years In the penitentiary.
Silders occupied cell 27 in the prison
along with a number of other prisoners.
About 11 o'clock yesterday morning he lay
down on a bench in a dark corner of the
STANFORD PARLOR'S BALL
A SURPASSING SUCCESS
A GEM OF DECOKATIVE ART ONE
OF THE FEATURES.
< Two Hundred Couples Take Part in
the Grand March— Those Who
Accepted the Invitations
Sent Out.
Never in the history of Native Sons'
Hall were ther^ mnrp beautiful decora
tions aijd a more brilliant assemblage
than last night, on the occasion of the
thirteenth anniversary hall given by
Stanford Parlor No. 76 of the Native Sons
]of the Golden West. It was a full-dress
function in the full sense of that term,
the many ladies who took part in the
dance being attired in elegant costumes,
while all the gentlemen were in full even
ing dress.
The decorations, the work of A. F.
Sehleicher, a member of the parlor, were
superb. The idea evolved was "Under the
Sea," the materials being Nile green, tin
sel, fishes, crabs and nondescript sea mon
sters, grasses, ferns and silver tinsel, all
arranged in a combination most artistic,
the effect of which was heightened by
colored electric lights and various hues
of calcium reflections. The central piece
was a gem of art. as was also the stage
setting, representing a sea grotto.
In the grand march, which was led by
D. A. Curtln, the president of the parlor,
Merrily Flew the Hours at
Stanford Parlor's Artistic Ball.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1899.
cell after taking off his coat and vest. Un
observed he unbuckled the belt round his
waist and making a noose of the buckle
end slipped It over his head. After tight
ening it round his throat he tied the other
end round the bench as tightly as possible
and covered his head with his coat.
Andrew Costello, a prisoner In the cell,
made the remark a few minutes later that
Silders was making queer noises and just
then Si!(i< rs rolled off the bench. A rush
was made to him and it was seen thut he
was purple in the face and unconscious.
Sergeant Wolf and Policeman Dougherty
were notified and they soon had the belt
removed and Silders was hurried to the
Receiving Hospital in the patrol wagon.
He was placed on the operating table, and
Dr. Rinne applied an electric battery to
his hands, and the shocks soon brought
him round. When he recovered conscious
ness he dramatically placed his hand on
his heart and said: "I'll do a better job
next time." He was taken back to the
prison and placed in a cell, where he will
constantly be under the supervision of the
"trusties."
Silders was formerly a sailor on the
revenue cutter Rush. About two months
ago he had a light with another sailor in
Oakland and knives were drawn. Silders
was cut on the left arm and his opponent
was cut in several places. Silders was ar
rested, but the case w.as dismissed.
and Mrs. Curtin, there were about two
hundred couples, who, after the many
windings around the hall, took part in the
first number on the programme, a waltz.
This was followed by fifteen other modern
dances, and it was midnight before the
most enjoyable party given by Stanford
Parlor terminated. The several commit
tees were:
Reception committee — Henry S. Martin
(chairman), Harrison Houseworth, Jo
seph M. dreenlierg, Gratton D. Phillips.
E. W. Williams, John W. Lewis, Dr. W.
H. Sieberst, Fred B. Surrhyne, C. E.
Grunsky. W. 1,. Whelan, W. S. Rucker,
Charles L. Patton, R. R. Martin. Hon. J.
E. Barry.
Floor manager, D. A. Curtin; floor com
mittee—S. Shaen, Dr. A. N. Copsey, Dr.
Washington Dodge. Dr. A. H. Giannlni,
P. J. Wenlger, Lester B. Smith, Dr. E. R.
Bryant. D. J. O'Callaghan, Norman F.
Hall, Ixwis Q. Haven, E. L. Head.
Those who responded to the Invitations
were: G. A. McLaughlin, Miss Edna
LJnnel, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Williams,
Miss Helen Snook, Mr. and Mrs. O. HL
Tapper, Miss Jessie Ball, J. F. Linehan,
Mrs. Ward. H. Doxey, Miss Hollis. Mr.
and Mrs. P. J. Martenstein, H. Morton,
Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Walsh, A. J. Piper,
George H. Stein, Miss [da Lorachan, R.
Emerson, Miss K. ('hrlstenson. E. T. Dow,
F. J. Byington, C. J. Bauer, Mr. and Mrs.
H. D. Sieberst. Miss Ella Ross, Lester B.
Smith, J. Christenson Jr.. Miss Jose
phine Christenson, George W. Barr, Mr.
and Mrs. W. 11. Dick, Mr. L. and Mrs. C.
L. Parent Jr., Dr. Martin Smith, A.
E. Head. Miss A. Ring. Mr. and Mrs.
J. D. Nippert. Dr. A. H. Glannlni, Mr. and
Mrs. J. P. Bequette, Russell R. Martin,
Miss Elsie Brown, Miss Belle Lampe,
Charles F. Ratte, Joseph G. Cox, Miss N.
Cox, Miss Louise Cox, K. Matheson. Mr.
and Mrs. C. D. Graham, Mr. and Mrs.
Walu-r ('ox, T. C. Maher. Miss Emma
Make, Miss M. Downes, Mr. Ervin. Miss
Parker. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Lewis.
Miss Ada Belle Langton, Mr. and
Mrs. A. A. Cavagnaro, Miss Mlnne Fauta,
Miss Macken. Miss Laws, Lewis Kalmuk,
Miss Julia Kalmuk, Miss Alice Kalmuk,
Miss Lucy Barbick, Miss Alice Bennett,
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Hammer, Mr. and
Mrs. G. D. Clark, Miss E. Lutz, Lester B.
Smith, Miss Grace M. Cole, Frank B.
Sherman. Miss Eaton, T. A. Young, Miss
Castille J. Bisagno, George Erlln. Miss R.
Rothchlld, Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Carrera.
Miss M. E. Coper, Mr. and Mrs. E. H.
Dollard, W. McWhinney, Miss L. Jung,
Miss Paterson, A. Reid, H. Houseworth.
Miss D. D. Rush, Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Kortick, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Schlelcher, W. J. O'Brien, Miss Mc-
Donald. Mr. and Mrs. Ruas, Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. Hobson, Mr. and Mrs. S. Shaen,
E. J. Anelo, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Lermen.
Miss G. Lermen. Mr. and Mrs. A. H. MUI
-bey, Miss Lewis, Mr. Anderson, Mlps
Wells, Mr. and Mrs. J. Porcher, Mrs.
Langton, Miss Langton, Dr. H. ».
Noble, Miss N. Tower, A. C. Dodge Mr.
and Mrs. W. yon der Lieth. Mr. and Mrs.
P. L. Dunn, Miss M. Greenham, F. 1.
Finch. F. H. Dunne. P. V. Long, G. A.
Rigg, Miss L. Simpson. Mr. and Mrs. L.
K. Hagenkamp, D. O'Callaghan. Mr. and
Mrs. P. F. McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs. F. P.
Jones. Miss G. Jones, Mr. and Mrs Tray
nor. Miss Brady, Mr. J. Cassidy, Miss K.
Riley, Miss L. Riley, B. Lodge. Miss M.
Strehl, W. B. Gross, Miss Wettig, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Hansell, Miss Radcllffe, Mr.
and Mrs. P. J. Weniger. Miss C. Tobln,
Miss Frank. Dr. A. N. Copsey, Miss V.
Swain. Mr. and Mrs. F. G. Hammer, Miss
L. Bridgeford. Mr. and Mrs. P. Ham
mond. Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Boden, W. L.
Whelan, Miss M. Elliott, >lrs. E. S.
Howe. Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Schemp. Mr.
and Mrs. Stealey, Mr. and Mrs. C. Rosen
berg, Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Hood. J.
Greenberg. Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Stewart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Likens. Miss B. Scott,
T. S. Molloy, Mr. and Mrs. H. Fltttner,
M. W. Gould. Miss S. Gould. W. F. Hum
phrey, S. Costello, Miss Borden, J. M.
Rogers, Miss F. Harries, Mr. and Mrs.
J. J. Young, Judge and Mrs. C. T. Con
lan. Mr. and Mrs. Treat. Miss E. Ters
cherun, Mr. J. H. Cunningham, T. Mc-
Cauley, Mr. and Mrs. H. Stanyan, Dr. G.
S. Stanford, Miss F. Mersing, Mr.
and Mrs. L. R. Aikcn. Miss Tully.
A. D. Sangster. W. W. Finney, Miss
Fahrenkrug, Miss L. D. Sullivan, Mrs. C.
Olcese, Charles A. Boldemann, L. N.
Boukofsky, A. E. Roberts, Mrs. A. Rob
erts, E. R. Bryant, Mr. and Mr?. W..A.
Deane, C. Hoey. C. F. O'Callaghan. Mr.
and Mrs. J. A. Snook, S. G. Lewald. Miss
N. G. Martland. Mrs. W. K. Martlond,
Antone Pilcovieh, S. J. Theisen, Mr. and
Mrs. V. R. Bury, F. R. Bert Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. J. Hlllman, Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Bo
der, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Mahoney, Mr. and
Mrs. H. J. Cordes, C. B. Delney, Dr. D. D.
Lustig, H. Donegan, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Quinn, J. M. Campodonieo, J. M. Nye,
Jr., Miss House. T. H. Kortick, Mrs. T.
H. Kortick, Mrs. Purcell, Charles A.
Stubenrauch, Mr. and Mrs. Bert. Mr. and
Mrs. R. Vance, Clarence Morris. Miss
Anita Spillman, Miss S. Hogan, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Wegner. Mr. and Mrs. John J.
McCarthy, L. G. Schord Jr.. Miss M. Mac
fadden, D. E. Murden. Miss Fohr, Mr. and
Mrs. A. C. Traurvetter. H. P. Howard,
Mrs. H. W. Frazer, Mrs. J. A. Stein
bach, L. E. Raisin. Miss G. Collins, J. D.
Mahoney. W. H. Kideon, Mr. and Mrs.
E. O. Riser. W. D. Hynes. Miss K. Kav
anagh, Miss A. Kavanagh, J. T.
Erlin, E. L. Culm, C. H. Stokes.
Miss G. Sullivan. Miss F. Sulli
van, A. F. Schlelcher, T. Nnonan,
Mrs. Nnonan, M. ('. Rateman, L. Claus
sen. Miss E. A. Conradt, A. Falinda, Miss
E. Manning, 1,. J. Cradtbon, Miss Laek
erz, Mr. and Mrs. E. 1.. Head, S. Crim
mins, Mr. and Mr?. F. Tlcrrlgan. Mr. and
Mrs. George Alberti. T. Fitzgerald, Em
mett Hayden, Miss Maude Lardber, N. F.
Neall, Miss Hattie Kirkpatriok, Mrs. M.
Kirkpatrick, L. A. Steiger. Miss Blanche
McPherson, Miss Grace McPherson, Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Boyd, George Sohwarz,
Miss Emma Felsel, Mrs. Ethel Harris, E.
Field, Miss B. Julien, Thomas Dowling,
Miss Madge Dowling, Miss A. ('. Dowllng,
Thomas G. Spillalne, Mr. and Mrs. E. I>.
Mendell, Phillip Heuer, Miss Daisy Emer
son E. A. Leich. Mrs. K. A. Leigh. Fred
W. Lees, Mrs. Fred W. Lets. Mr. and
Mr?. Charles If. Hell. Mr. and Mrs. L. A.
Kelly, A. W. Pollard. Miss Clara Kevah,
Miss" Alice Kevah. E. C. Stock, P. de Los.
Mrs. B Mulvllle. Milton Eber, Miss Maud
Mulvllle.
SONORA'S NEW ROAD.
Citizens There Will Welcome Com
pletion of the Sierra Railway.
The completion of work on the Sierra
Railway from Oakdale to Sonora on Sat
urday will be signalized by a grand cele
bration of the event by the citizens of
Sonora in the evening. • The road was
originally built to Jamestown, from which !
place the Columbia and Oakdale stage line j
ran to Sonora. It will be eventually ex
tended to Summerville and Tuttletown,
and the people of that section will have j
rail connection with the center of what ]
is known as the Southern mine.
Naturally the people of Tuolumne
County are greatly interested In the pro
ject, opening as it does a rich mineral,
timber and mineral territory. Sydney D.
Freshman, assistant general manager of
the road, returned from Sonora last night j
and says that the residents are making !
elaborate arrangements for the festivities
on Saturday night. The miners and others j
will give a grand ball and a pyrotechni
cal display in honor of the occasion.
_^ - »
Y. M. C. A. Colonial Reception.
A colonial reception was hold last even
ing by the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation in the auditorium on Mason street.
The hall was packed with guests and the
programme, rendered at the concert which
preceded the reception was highly enjoy
able. Frank S. Oliver acted as master of
ceremonies and delivered an eloquent ad
dress of welcome.
. ♦ ■
A beautiful walnut Decker & Son
piano with cover and stool for $350 at
Mauvais, 769 Market street. •
GET OUT YOUR
LITTLE HATCHET
AND CELEBRATE
Washington's Birth
day to Be Observed.
NUMEROUS HOLIDAY EVENTS
PARADE OF POLICE AND THE
SIGNAL CORPS.
Exercises In the Afternoon and Even
ing and Amusements of Various
Descriptions Are Sched
uled.
Get your little hatchet ready, for George
Washington will be here to-day— in spirit
if not in the flesh— and will reign more ab
solutely in the hearts of his countrymen
than when on earth in person. For who
will deny that San Francisco is Intensely
patriotic?
Nowhere in the United States is more
care taken to instill patriotism in the
'hearts of the young than here, and the
loyalty of the children has awakened in
their parents a more demonstrative love
of country.
The public schools will be closed in
honor of the anniversary of the birthday
of the "Father of his Country," so yester
day the pupils in every school in the city
held commemorative exercises, beauti
fully patriotic and well calculated to im
bue them with increased veneration for
the man and the flag.
Washington's birthday will be observed
in San Francisco by a general suspension
of business, by appropriate exercises at
several halla during the day and evening,
by the annual parade of the Police De
partment and by sports and games at
various resorts.
The first event will be the annual parade
of the police force in the forenoon, in
which nearly every man in the depart
in.-nt will participate. Companies A, B.
C and D will form at New Montgomery
and Market streets at 10:30 a. m., and un
der the guidance of Chief Lees will march
J down Montgomery to California, to
i Kearny, to Market and out to Van Ness
avenue, where the Commissioners will re
view the column. A band and the cele
: brated drum corps will enliven the march.
At 2 p. m. the presentation of the Scan-
I ikII medals and the Merchants' Associa
! lion medal to the moat meritorious flre
[ men in the department will take place in
' Metropolitan Hall. James Cominekey,
i No. 6 truck; Fred Sayers. assistant fore
i man of 1 engine, and Assistant Engineer
' P. H. Shaughnessy will be the recipients,
the latter being awarded both the Scan
nell and Merchants' Association medals.
The exercises will be open to the public.
The Second Brigade, N. G. C, Signal
Corps, will have a mounted march
thr< ugh the park to the beach, returning
by way of Ingleside. The men will carry
(■he ration each and will establish sig
nal stations at various points.
In the afternoon the League of the
Cross Cadets and St. Ignatius College
teams will play a game of football at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets. There will
also be another football game between
Ftrong teams at Golden Gate, near Berke
ley.
Both the Ingleside and Union Park
Coursing associations have arranged ex
ceptionally strong cards for Washing
ton's birthday and those who delight to
watch the hounds and hares will find
plenty of amusement.
In addition extra attractions are of
fered at the Chutes and Central Park,
while the delightful weather will draw the
usual holiday crowds to Golden Gate
Park.
T)i.' Ynune Men's Institute, through its
board of managers, has arranged to cele
brate the day with exercises of a patri
otic nature at Metropolitan Hall in the
evening. The programme will Include an
address by Hon. W. W. Foote and the
musical numbers will be of a very high
order.
Those who enjoy bicycle races will he
afforded an opportunity to witness some
exciting contests between the cracks at
Mechanics' Pavilion in the evening.
The Sons of Revolutionary Sires will
celebrate with a banquet, speeches, etc.,
this evening at the Merchants' Club,
whilo the Junior Order of American Me
chanics will hold patriotic exercises at
Odd Fellows 1 Hall.
It will thus* be seen that Washington s
birthday will be duly observed in San
Francisco. _____^_______
CALIFORNIA PARLOR
SONS AT A BANQUET
A PLEASANT REUNION OF THE
MEMBERS AND FRIENDS.
Those of the Pioneer Subordinate of
the State Meet for the First
Time at the Festal
Board.
California Parlor No. 1. Native Sons of
the Golden West, the pioneer parlor of
this rapidly increasing and popular Cali
fornia social and beneficial order, gave its
first annual banquet last evening at the
Poodle Dog.
This parlor has upon its roll the follow
ing past presidents, the first named being
the senior, having entered on the per
formance of his duties when the parlor
was instituted, July 11. 1875, with twenty
one members. The present membership
Is 447, with assets in the sum of $14,932:
John A. Steinbach, Jasper Fishbourne, J.
B McDougald, John H. Grady, D. W.
Whepley, A. C. Lutgens, F. G. Wisker. G.
P. Johnson. B. G. Worswick. Frank J.
Hlggins, Henry Lunstedt. Charles Ma
ginnis, John R. Matches. Charles W.
Decker, E. L. Meyer, John H. Jones,
Henry Meyer. Ed Hartman, J. B. Sheri
dan, E. J. Grady. John Jackson, P. F.
Dunne, W. W. Shannon, A. A. Watson,
C. H. Lindley. James J. Jamison, G. H.
Umbsen. Charles A. Boldemann, L. J.
Lalande, J. R- Sloan, O. F. Westphal, A.
Klump, B. F. Clarke, L. Dennery, Frank
W. Marston, James P. Dockery, Thomas
E Kcough. H. P. Umbsen, Edmund J.
oiiillinan, Henry Stern, William H. Stan
iels F H. Stahle, 1... T. Cranz, W. D.
Shea O L. Blackman, James O'Dwyer,
Eugene Gauthier Jr., Howard Herrington.
John F. Bernard and E. C. Laws, junior
past president.
The officers- of the parlor for the cur
rent term are: E. C. Laws, past presi
dent; John OGara, president; Romberg
Jansen, first vice president; Louis La
caze, second vice president; W. D. Hobro
Jr third vice president; J. J. Jamison,
secretary; B. F. Hanlon, financial secre
tary H. F. Pernau, treasurer; J. F. Lie
han, marshal; F. P. Sherman, E. H. Fol
som and R. H. Morse, trustees; Drs. B.
F Clarke, J. W. Helnmann, H. Herring
ton, D. D. Lustig, F. H. Stahle and
Thomas Conrad, surgeons; W. E. Row
lands, inside sentinel; and A. F. Holm
berg, outside sentinel. ~*. '
The dinner was served on the sixth
floor in the large hall, the principal dec
oration being the bear flag. The members
of the parlor and invited guests took seats
at a horseshoe table, at the head of which
sat toastmaster Henry Lundstedt, Mayor
Phelan, President O'Gara, E. D. McCabe,
James P. Dockery and many prominent
members of the order. The table was
dressed most artistically and the service
of an elaborate menu was all that could
be desired. During the repast a string
band furnished excellent music and the
Knickerbocker quartet rendered two vocal
selections.  , ,
After the menu had been disposed of
Toastmaster Henry Lundstedt, the grand
secretary, in a happy manner offered the
following toasts, which were responded
to In the order named: _____ _ ._,
"California Parlor," President John;
ADVERTISEMENT
NEW RIBBONS
Fresh From the Loom.
We have just received our Spring
Stock of New Ribbons for 1899, and this
week will show the largest variety of
Novelty and Staple Ribbons ever ex-
hibited by us.
NOVELTY RIBBONS
In Dresdens. Ombre Stripes, Plaids, Bayadere Roman
Stripes, Checks, ' Brocades and Crepon Stripes, all
adapted for Neckwear and Belts. Also an unrivaled
assortment of the latest Novelties In NARROW RIBBONS,
both Shirred and Plain, for trimming purposes.
BLACK RIBBONS.
Our stock of Extra Quality BLACK RIBBONS Is
now complete, in the following makes: Satin andGros
Grain, Double-faced Satin, Taffetas, Moires, Cashmeres.
Peau de Sole and Failles.
VELVET RIBBONS.
Black and Colored VELVET RIBBONS, In all the
best brands, from i inch to 5 Inches In width, at ex-
ceedingly low prices.
SPECIAL!
An elegant line of our Celebrated TAFFETA
RIBBON, all the new colors, 3± Inches wide—
15c Yard.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
O'Gara; "The Order," Mayor James D.
Phelanj. "California," E. Myron Wolf;
"San Francisco.' 1 P. A. Bergerot; "The
Pioneers," Charles A. Reynolds; "The
Native Daughters." E. D. McCahe; "The
Press," G. A. Gohen; "The Babies," B.
F. Clarke, M. D.
Letters of regret were received from
Thomas Flint Jr.. past grand president;
"William H. Conley, grand president;
Frank L. Coombs, grand orator: Frank
Mattison, grand first vice president;
Frank Subochi. expressing inability to be
present, and from Frank B. Ryan, ex-
Becretary. now at Juneau, hoping that all
the members of the parlor would be above
ground when he "returns to the only
country on the face of the earth."
Among those present were: John
O'Gara, J. D. Phelan. Henry Lunstedt, E.
Myron Wolf, P. A. Bergerot, Charter A.
Reynolds. E. D. McCabe. G. A. Gohen
B. "F. Clark, M. D.: W. D. Shea V>. W.
Shannon, G. C. Montgomery, J. M. Blan
chard. E. C. Laws, R. Jansen, L. Lacaze,
B. F. Hanlon. J. 3. Jamison, Henry F.
Pe.rnau. Lewis F. Byington, J. K. Hawk
ins, J. B. Stovall. E V. Fleury. X \.
Navlet W. D. Hobro Jr., Al Davis, E. R.
Webster. Ben Davis. J. P. Dockery, TV.
E. Walsh. J. F. Linehan E^ Gauthier Eu
gene Gauthier Jr., J. A. Robinson, J. I*
Hobro, H. Brunner. J. Bassillo H. Harry
Harris. C. W. Decker, W . M. Munroe, J.
H Grady. J. J. Newbarth, T. Conrad H.
Huf schmidt. A. Klump A Cortes M Ja
cobs. F. P. Sherman. W. A. Halstedt F.
W Marston. E. H. Folsom. R. H. Schleu
ter Nat Hewson. C. H. Smith. MA.
Ephraim. M. L. Friedman. William Kelly.
Cfiris Whelan. Guy Borland. J. H. Grady
Jr C R Heverin, D. Z. Troy. AN. E. In
eram'j A. Robinson Jr.. H. Herrington.
f. L. Herget. A. Dalton Jr^. F I. Decruet,
Harry Lachman, W. T. Rowlands A L.
FHedlander O. L. Blackman, Dan Carter,
R L Sherwood, Dr. Burgess, Dr. Thomp-
Bon 'j P- Satort. F. R. Conway, J. U.
Waters G. H. Fairchlld. R. W. Martland.
p ChrlstenPen. H. H. Vizard. William
Wobber, J. Laheney, Charles Green^ Dr.
v E Newton. Ed M. Graney. R. 11.
Morse A. F. Holmberg, Ed Lunstedt, F.
Han'sen N. A. Llnd, William H. Staniels.
F R. Drinkhouse. J. T. Greany. M. C. Al
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND I PRICK LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In O»rwfpo»aing Witt Any * **• *!<»«"«■« **"»• **•••• ««Moa "Th» C»&r
_• , - I, , -, ;_i ii ■- -
BELTINO. ;
L O nFfiFNi Manufacturer of Belting nnd
T. UCUcn, Lnco Leather, 105.107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid . to Repairs and Ship
- Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
542 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. '
O'DDICW X- -Makers and Dealers la
DniLN tt JLandam, Hacks. Victorias.
Csxts and Buggies. Ooiden Gate ay«. and Polk
St.. San Francisco.' . ' , '
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
COO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS. ~~~~
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths,'
rn/r's of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First:
all work guaranteed. ■■-:■•
, DRUOQISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO, g^.l'gyimi
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIC RAVCC £ m Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3. DUIW ft Ul,, Clay. Tel. Main UH.
len. E. W. Joy. A. W. North, F. A
Decker. E. C. Stock.
STOLE A HORSE AND BUGGY
A Bold Thief Makes Off With John
Quadt's Rig.
John Quadt, the well known merchant
at 1614 Market street, mourns the loss of
a valuable horse and buggy, and has
sought consolation from the police, who
are aiding him to recover his stolen prop
erty. '.!;>'■ -"' -
The rig was standing in front of his es
tablishment at 7 o'clock last evening, and
a nervy thief, seeing its inviting attitude,
sprang on to the seat and drove off. The
horse and buggy were not missed until a
half hour later. Mr. Quadt rushed over
to police headquarters and reported his
loss. He describes the horse as being a
sorrel animal with a black spot on its
back, and the buggy as having a closed
black top. Mr. Quadt is positive that it
was stolen, as the horse has frequently
been left untied and has never strolled
away. /
■ ♦ ■
A California girl tells how she
tried to break the Bank at Monte
Carlo, in next Sunday's Call.
Mission Cars to Glen Park.
Ground was broken on Bosworth street
yesterday under the supervision of Chief
Constructor H. H. Lynch of the Market
Street Railroad Company for the new
branch line which will, when complete,
extend from the Mission road at College
Hill to Glen Park. Although the distance
is short, it will be expensive, as the rail
road company will be compelled to run a
tunnel under the tracks of the coast
branch of the Southern Pacific. The new
line is expected to be running by the Ist
of April.
Alarm clocks reduce-d to 60 cents. JAXTE3
A. BOREN'Sen, 135 Sixth Bt., nr. Howard.
HiWfwxvii —.-»-■■»'—^^—--.-^—^^. .... jiS
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & HedleT. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
acription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP and paper CO..
IIILLHmCI IL 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTINO.
EC HIIi - H F Q PRINTER. •
• \J' lltllll ILJ, 511 Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TcW 7 on» 0 PARTRIDGE %S?Z.
THE MICKS JUDDCq, SSSSZ-ulfiS*.
TYPEWRITERS.
ggß£; All Typewriters Rented.
--r"v3| *"* w partly used for sale cheapw
"JliWl » AQKXTS SMITH PREMIER.
L & M - ALEXANDER.
■^**-sf^* 110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HAS LETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Pi>rw>r<*tnc Acents and Public Weighers, Oc. -
•nki *tiT«<» Kr*e and Grain Warehouses. Qea-
sjsjj MMBj, tlO California st. Tel. Main 1914.
"™~ WATCHES, ETC.
Tl II vnv Headquarters tor fine Jewelry and
• LtnUli ,ill is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d St.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
'. Mined by the .
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at It*
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
. Is the Best Coal In the Market. *>
Plflca and TanU-469 Mala BU«tC