VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 148.
NATIVES IN SAMOA
FIGHTING FIERCELY
Twenty Reported Killed, but There Are
No Europeans Among Those Who
Lost Their Lives.
A UCKLAND,N. Z.. April 26. -Advices just received
<* here from Apia, Samoa, dated April 18, report
that severe fighting has taken place between large
bodies of peaceful natives and the rebels, The
casualties, it was thought, would not exceed twen
ty, and no Europeans were among the injured.
STARR'S FATE
REMAINS TO
BE SOLVED
No Trace of the Oak Knoll
Ranch Superintendent
Found
al Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, April 26.— Hillary S.
erintendent of the Oak Knoll
man supposed to have been ;
Monday night, has not been
baa anything been learned
which liispels in any degree the mys
mnding his pudden disappear- |
SI • riff Hammil. Deputy Manna- j
Marsha] Lacey and a num- I
ra have been rearching every
you within a mile of s the
Ith the aid of blood
is. trying in vain to get a. trace of i
..issing man, and It is now m-o- j
; to dredge Wilsons Lake, a body
■ ry far from the ranch.
bether the body might have
it hiding place.
All manner of theories are enter
: to account for his disaD
nce, but the one receiving jren
eral credence is still that of foul play.
There Beems to have been nothing
whatever that would cause him to
either take hi 3 own life or run away
from h"ni»>, and both these ideas are j
by his wife, his brother,
Charles Starr, S. R. Smith, manager,
and S. D. Rosenbaum, owner of the
< >ak Knoll ranch, all of whom are
most positve in their statements that
he was in the best of health, and that
his family and other relations were
pleasant and happy. They also agree
in the statement that he had no ene
. and that he was on the best of
terms with his brother and all the em-
Ihe ranch. Mrs. Starr, who is
the mother of two small children, is
heartbroken with grief at the eudden
disappearance of her husband, and is
confident that it was through no
voluntary act of his that he is now
says she has known her
and rind his brother, Charles, since
the former was 14 years of age: that
they went to school together at the lit
tle town of Hoehne, Colo., twelve miles
from Trinidad. Since coming to Cali
fornia they lived for about four years
Ht Riverside", where her husband
worked in a packing houst- for S. R.
Smith, the same man under whom he
is now working at the Oak Knoll
ranch.
Mr. Smith speaks very highly of
Starr, and he is confident also that his
ance is not due to any vol
untary act of his own. There was $600
In the bank to Starr's credit as super
intendent of the ranch, and of this
amount he drew but $200 on last Fri
aiid had already used almost the
entire amount in paying off the hands
and other necessary expenses. Stan
was to meet Messrs. Smith and Rosen
baum at Los Angeles on Tuesday to
talk over matters pertaining to the
ment of the ranch, and it was
on Monday evening that he disap
peared. There is only one point that
might be thought to indicate that Starr
Is yet alive.
August Franke, the German shoe
maker living mar the ranch, says he
kiiw i in Monday evening between 8 and
9 o'clock a man answering the general
iption of Starr running across th<>
ar the ranch and that when he
halloed at him be only -ran the faster.
tprinta made in the pli
ground at that i)oint were measured
found to correspond very closely
to those of Starr, who won- a T'-i
The lake will b« dragged to-morrow
bly the mystery may then be
some extent.
Mrs. Starr says her husband was in
the habit of going to the pumphouse
every night about 10 o'clock to see that
the gasoline < agine was properly at
tended to bo that it would run the
pump all night, and quite often he
would be gone till midnight when the
pump or engine would happen to be out
of order.
( "harles Starr says his brother re
ported seeing somebody hanging about
the hedge a few nights ago and that
h>- armed himself with the revolver
(which was afterward found in the
grass at the pumphouse) in order to be
■ (or anything that might come.
That it was a worthless weapon was
plainly shown by the fact that when
found three cartridges were snapped,
but had not exploded.
The San Francisco Call.
WARDNER IS
TURNED INTO
ARMED CAMP
Strikers Fire the First Shot
and Further Trouble
Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WARDNER, Idaho, April 26.— The
first shot has been fired and this Dlace
has suddenly been turned into an
armed camp. The strikers were in ses- j
sion all night long at their hall. At 5:30
o'clock a compact body of men, headed
by President Boyles, started uo the
canyon. They halted a short distance !
from the Bunker Hill and Sullivan
mine.
Soon after. In little bunches, came !
the non-union miners to go to work. ,
They were stopped by the strikers, and j
Boyles urged them not to go to work, j
One or two of the non-union men tried I
to push through the crowd of strikers. :
but were forced back, with the remark !
that the union did not intend them to j
go to work. Then T. S. Murray, a j
leader of the strikers, drew a bie re- j
volver, which he leveled at a bunch of ■
Bunker Hill employes.
"I tell you what the proposition is."
he shouted; "you walk down that hill
; again inside of four minutes, or else go >
1 down some other way."
He drew his watch and as he counted
j the seconds the working miners fal- ;
tered and started down the hill. A half I
dozen of them went into Black's board- j
ing house, on the main street of the '
town. They were pursued into the i
house by strikers.
"What will we do with them?" j
: shouted somebody.
"Run them down the canyon." wasthe
reply. With that they started the non
union men toward the foot of the town,
i Dr. France, Coroner and physician of
! the hospital, remonstrated.
"We will run you out bf town, too."
i some one shouted, and one of the
Strikers struck him in the face. The
j doctor stepped aside and was not fur
ther molested.
The strikers then dispersed and the
non-union men were invited into a
; friendly saloon and then later returned
to the boarding house.
Later, in a fight between a number of
strikers and the men from the Bunker
Hill, one of the union men fired the in
itial shot of the strike. It was directed
jat a door behind which some of the
working miners were believed to be in
hiding. To-night no attempt was made
to interfere with the working force, and
about eighty men went on duty when
the shifts changed.
Sheriff Young arrived from Wallace
to-day.
To-night armed men are on euard
both at the Bunker Hill mine and the
mill. They halt all comers and demand
the countersign. The strikers have
tapped the telephone betwen the mill
and mine, and are intercepting all mes
sages. _____________
STEAMSHIP CRASHES
INTO A BRIGANTINE
The Blakeley Almost Cut in Halves
Amidships by the Homer
at Seattle.
SEATTLE, April 26. -In broad daylight
early to-day the steamer Homer crash) <1
into the brigantine Blakeley, which was I
moored fas* to her dock, and almost cut!
the vessel In halves amidships. This Is I
th( second collision within two months
the Homer has had in daylight while
coming into her dock. In fact, the
steamer was on her way from the *s hip- I
where the injuries she sustained i
when she collided with the Al-Ki had
i ust been repaired when slit ran into the
Blakeley.
Captain Higßins of the Homrr claims
the accident this morning was due to tin
fact that the ropes to the bells In the
engine-room broke and ht- was unable to
control tho steamer. The inspectors at
this point blamed the Homer for the Al-
Xi collision, but on appeal to the Super
vising Inspectors at San Francisco this
decision was reversed, and the Al-Ki then
brought a suit for damages against the
Homer, which Is pending. Captain Hlg-
Klns takes all the blame for the collision
to-day.
The Homer Is again on the ways, and
the Ulak»-ley, by shifting the cargo and
lifting the breach in her side above
water, 1? still at thn dock.
Soundings on Brazilian Coast.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York |
Herald. Copyrighted, IMS, by James Gor
don Bennett. /
RIO JANEIRO, April 26.— The papert
here are commenting on the soundings
and other investigations which the United
States .gunboat Wilmington is. making on ■
the Brazilian coast.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
IMMENSE
LEDGES OF
COPPER ORE
Montana Mines Rivaled by a
Discovery Recently Made
in Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April 26.— The largest cop
per ledges ever found in the Northwest
have been uncovergd in the Carbon
District, north of Mount Rainier and
sixty miles east of Tacoma. They be
lo-ng chiefly to Cheater Thorne, presi
dent of the National Bank of Com
merce of this city, who has kept men
at work on them for several years. His
superintendent, Thomas Wflkins, said
tv-day in describing the new discovery:
"An immense body of ore exactly
similar in character and geological sit
uation to that fonnd in Montana has
bet n located in Carbon. The ore we
have been taking out of the Clipper
mine has been running $75. The tunnel
has struck a vein, which has just been
assayed and shows a value of $186 60
to the ton. At the current price of
copper it will be worth about $193 80
per ton. There is an immense solid
mountain of ore in that district, from
which radiate scores of large, rich
veins. We have found over fifty paral
lel veins of this ore running from east
to west all through the Leola proper
tits. The ore runs in one sample 293
ounces of silver and ninety pounds of
copper to the ton; in another it is 127.5
ounces of silver and 125 pounds of cop
per. It is chalco-pyrite. containing a
great deal of native silver. The Butte
mines are of the same material, but not
any richer. Heretofore they have been
regarded as the richest in the world.
We can mine ore at about one-half the
expense. The Butte mines ship all their
coal from Missouri, while we have coal
and wood right at the mines.
"The new discoveries are about six
miles from Fairfax Railroad and we
will ship the ore to- the Tacoma smelter.
The cost of production will be about
$30 per ton, leaving a bonus of about
$150 per ton. The ore from which the
richest specimens were obtained came
from a five-foot vein in the Clipper
mine. A fourteen-foot vein has been
found in the Apex and six-foot veins
in the Carbon, Pyrite, Rockford and
i 'Umax. All these properties are owned
by Mr. Thorne and associates. They
will put many men at work on the
properties as soon as the snow is off
and the ore will be shipped out imme
diately.
•'This same rich ore has been found
on my own property, the London. It
extends to several other claims owned
by different men, forming a great ore
basin. It will startle the world when
its development gets fully started."
Mining men agree that Thorne and his
associates will be made immensely rich
by these discoveries. His associates
include Judge C. E. Richardson, his at
torney, and John Heitman, the original
locator of the Clipper mine.
D. O. Mills of New York and Alvlnza
Hayward of San Francisco arrived here
last night on a trip of Inspection of
Northwestern properties, in which they
are interested. Mr. Mills visited the
Tacoma Bmelter, which is being en
larged to four times its former size
with capital supplied by him and his
associates in control of the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan mine in Idaho and the
Treadwell mine in Alaska. Both of
these are making extensive shipments
of ores and concentrates to the Tacoma
smelter, which is being enlarged with
the primary object of handling their
output. Hereafter 200 tons of ore wili
be smelted daily instead of fifty tons
as formerly.
To-day Messrs. Mills and Hayward
joined President P. B. Cornwall of the
I '.<•!] ingham Bay and British Columbia
Railroad at Whatcom. They will ac
company him to the scene of the recent
coal discoveries on Cornwall Creek, in
the Mount Baker region.
President Cornwall's carriage yester
day was shipped to Sumas, the present
terminus of the line, where it will be
used to-morrow to convey the party to
Cornwall Creek, a distance of twenty
three miles. The tunnel, now In 600
feet, has uncovered an eighteen-foot
vein and the prospect is so favorable
that Superintendent Donovan has ad
vised the extension of the road to the
new mines. Their visit will determine
whether this shall be done. Mr. Mills
will next go to Alaska to look over the
Treadwell mine and decide on proposed
improvements there. After returning
he will be accompanied East by White
[ law Reid, now in California.
MATT QUAY
TO GET SEAT
IN SENATE
Friends Claim a Poll Shows
That He Has Plenty of
Supporters.
SIXTY- SEVEN VOTES
It Is Asserted That a Deal Has Been
. Made Whereby Pennsylvania
Will Support McKinley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 26.— A Plttsburg
(Pa.) special to the Herald says. Close
friends of M. S. Quay claimed to-day
they have information that the Senator
has completed n preliminary poll of the
United States Senate and secured the
absolute pledges of s|xty-seven votes in
favor of seating him on the commission
issued by Governor Stone. There will
be only eighty-six Senators in the up
per branch of the Fifty-sixth Congress,
owing to the deadlocks in Delaware.
California, Pennpvlvania and Utah, so
that forty-four votes would be suffi
cient to insure the. seating of Quay.
Quay's lieutenants say he will not'
have less than sixty-seven, and some of
them say they believe that there will
be no concerted opposition whatever,
owing to the fact that three national
chairmen of the Republican, Demo
cratic and Populist parties are in fa
vor of giving him a seat.
These three c Hanna of Ohio. Jones
of Arkansas and Butler of North Caro
lina. It Is also intimated now that after
Quay's managers decided to maintain
the deadloe'.. to the end of the Legisla
ture a careful poll of the Senate was
made which at the time assured a fa
vorable termination of the contest for
the seat, and that the McKinley ad
ministration fell in line with this pro
gramme with the understanding: that
the Pennsylvania delegation to the next
I national convention will support the
i Canton man for renomlnation.
Quay men say the Democratic affec
i tion for tl.e Senator dates from the
i time that he engineered the retirement
! of the force bill.
General W. W. Dudley, of "Blocks of
Five 1 fame, who was counsel before
the Senate Committee on Judiciary for
Henry W. Corbett of Oregon, who
' claimed a seat in the oenate on the
; appointment by. .he Governor of that
i Btate, practically confirms the story t
that Quay will bo s^a'.-'d.
"Quay will be recognized," he said.
he case of Corhett is no precedent.
That case w as nev^j determined on its
merits. Had It gone to a vote in the
: Senate Mr. Corbett would have been
I seated."
GERMANY IS TEMPORARILY
APPEASED.
DEWEY AND
TON DIEDERICHS
GOOD FRIENDS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YO ~.K, April 26.— A Manila ca
ble to the World says: Admiral Dewey
was seen to-day by the World corre
spondent on the Captain <^oghlan inci
dent. The admiral is still unacquainted
with the details of the famous speech,
but he declared that his relations with
Captain Coghlan are most cordial. He
received a cablegram from the captain
of the Raleigh when that warship
reached Algiers, congratulating the
admiral on his promotion.
Admiral Dewey is certain that Coch
lan could not have said anything cal
culated to place the admiral In a false
position. He showed the World cor
respondent a letter from Admiral yon
Diederichs of .lie German navy, con
gratulating him on his "deserved pro
motion." and also his letter In re
ply, which closed with the words. "All
our differences were of newspaper
manufacture." '
The admiral says he is on the most
friendly terms with Prince Henry of
Prussia, who succeeded Yon Diedericb.3
as commander-in-chief of the German
fle^t in Chinese waters.
Before sending this telegram I
showed the original to Admiral Dewey.
and he made It official by Indorsin-r It
with this line:
"O X— George 1 ewey."
The particulars of the Coghlan epi
sode are awaited with impatience.
COMMON SENSE WILL
RULE 'N THECONTROVERSY
LONDON, April 26.— The Earl of Sel
bourne, Under Secretary of State for the
Colonies, addressing a Conservative mass
meeting this evening at St. Albans. Here
ford said he thought that if any justifi
cation of Lord Salisbury's policy was re
quired it was afforded by the present re
lations between the United States and
Great Britain.
"At a trying time, said his Lordship,
"the Government preserved their self
control and waited for coolness, justice
and common sense to reassert themselves.
Now the dark, miserable cloud which so
long hunp over the Anglo-Saxon people
has drifted off. It is only a few days
since British and American officers and
men fell on the same field of conquest.
They were not engaged in fratricidal
strife, but were fighting shoulder to
shoulder; and small though the incident
was, it will be of importance in the his
tory of the world."
All must regret, continued Lord Sel
bournw. the lamentable cause of the inci
dent but the only three nations con
rernrd were what he might term the
"three cousin nations of the world." He
remarked that he had no doubt America
and Germany In this matter would prove
as amenable as Great Britain to the dic
tates of common sense.
CLOSING SCENES IN
MRS. GEORGE'S TRIAL
Saxton's Slayer Sheds Tears
While Her Counsel Talks for
the Defense.
MRS. SEMPLE C GEORGE.
CANTON, Ohio. April 26.— The closing argument in the trial of Mrs.
George was in progress when court adjourned this evening. Prose
cuting Attorney Pomerene began his argument shortly after 2 o'clock,
and will probably occupy the greater part, if not all, of to-morrow
» forenoon in completing it. It isn»w thought that the jury will be
charged Immediately after the noon recess on Thursday.
The day -was without snecial incident, so far as the accused was con
cerned. Mrs. George sat all day with downcast eyes, and was occasionally
moved to tears as the story of her life was narrated.
The courtroom was thronged from early morning: to the hour of ad
journment and many who could not gain admission stood in the courthouse
corridors all day to get what they could hear and see at long range.
KAUTZ SAYS
GERMANS DO
NOT LIKE HIM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, April 26.— A letter
written by Rear Admiral Kautz to his
cousin, Mrs. Charles Lindley of Cin
cinnati, has been made public by the
recipient. It is dated March 23 and is
In the easy vein of a relative's private
correspondence. In the letter he says:
"You will probably read a lot of stuff
about me in various newspapers, but 1
can assure you that I am all right and
have done nothing that I or my friends
may be ashamed of, unless It is the mak
ing of a King, which I am obliged to do
to-day. But he is a very inoffensive sort
of young: fellow, a native 19 years old.
He wears a French admiral's cocked hat,
but no shoes or stockings or trousers, i
Still, considering the torrid weather, he
looks very well in this •climate. But I
hardly think he would look as well on
Fourth street, Cincinnati. I am not King
here, but just plain "boss of the ranch.'
The German Consul had that position up
to my arrival, but since'then he has been
a very silent partner. 1 am very much
afraid' he does not like me; in fact, I am
not at all popular here with the Germans. !
But I am all right with the English, and j
hope to pull through with them. I have
no doubt of being sustained by the Gov
ernment In all 1 have done. I hope to
get away from here in a month from this j
time, but will not be in San Francisco
before the middle of May. With love to
the Kentucky colonel and yourself, your
cous l n> ALBERT KAUTZ.
"P. S.— l am in error about the shoes
and trousers of his royal Highness. At
the last moment his advisers prevailed
on him to put on both, just for this oc
casion only. "
WASHINGTON, April 26.— The publica
tion of Admiral Kautz's letter referring
to his position at Samoa caused absolute
consternation at the Navy Department
and State Department at first reading.
but there was soon exhibited a disposi
tion to minimize the affair, because it was
clearly apparent that the letter was noth- ;
ing more than a strictly private communl- ;
cation passing between members of the |
same family. Nevertheless, coming as it j
does close upon Captain Coghlan's indis
cretion and following the publication of !
Judge Chambers' letter to his brother |
criticizing the Germans in Samoa, the
opinion was held that Admiral Kautz'a
letter could not have other than harmful
effect upon the relations between the
United States and Germany.
In official German -quarters the letter
was not treated very seriously, and there
was no Indication that the German au
thorttlee would take cognizance of it. The
spirit of fun in the letter appealed to
some of the diplomatic officers, who i
laughed heartily over Kautz's description
of the young King's make-up, and this
amusing feature largely offset any irri
tation which might have been felt over
the crlticisma contained in the letter.
The Impression prevailed, however, that
the Navy Department probably would deal
with the indiscretion In such a way as it
deserved. J
THE COGHLAN
INCIDENT IS
DULY CLOSED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— The case
of Captain Coghlan may be considered
as finally closed. The German Embas
sador, Dr. yon Holleben, called at the
White House this afternoon and had a
conference on the subject with the
President of such a satisfactory nature
that the matter was regarded as
settled. The President explained the
course the Navy Department had taken
in administering a reprimand to Cap
tain Coghlan. It was also pointed out
that the officer's explanations of the in
cident stated that his utterances had
been much exaggerated. On the part
of the Embassador there was every dis
position to deal as lightly with the
matter as possible and not to permit it
to become a source of friction.
During the day the Navy Department
administered to Captain Coghlan the
reprimand which had been determined
upon yesterday as stated in these dis
patches. This was in the form of a
letter from Secretary Long to the cap
tain. It is stated at the department
that the letter will not be made public
before the officer has received it and
probably not then.
The department made public a bripf
statement of the contents of Captain
Coghlan's letter in answer to Secretary
Long's request for an acknowledgment
of responsibility of the utterances as
cribed to him. The statement is as
follows:
"Captain Coghlan has replied to the
department stating that the newspa
pers have not reported him with sub
stantial accuracy. Also, that he in
tended no disrespect or contempt to the
German flag and is extremely sorry
that any such interpretation was put
on his remarks. Reprimand will be
sent and such action taken in respect
thereto as is proper."
POPE LEO'S STRENGTH
SAID TO BE WANING
NEW YORK, April 26.— A Rome cable to
the Journal says: The Pope is feeling the
effects of his recent exertions, particu
larly in attending the services in St.
Peter's, and takes a glass? of cordial every
two hours. Without the stimulant his
Holiness would collapse.
His audiences are limited to fifteen min
utes, and after each of them the Pope re
tires to rest.
Vatican authorities think now that the
likeliest successor to Leo is Cardinal Gir
olamo Maria Gotti of Genoa, a Carmelite
monk. He is distinguished for learning
and piety..
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
AMERICANS
CLOSING IN
ON CALUMPIT
Heavy Fighting With Agui
naldo's Troops Along
the Rio Grande.
THEY USE_SHRAPNEL
Carrier Pigeons Bring News of Suc
cessful Operations of Columns
of Lawton and Summers
Special Cable tome <_»n ana the New Torts
Herald. Copyrighted, IS—, by James Gor
don Bennett. _____
X . MANILA, April X
♦ 27, — The Kansas ♦
X Regiment, led by X
X Colonel Funston, X
♦ attempted to sup- +
X prise the insur- X
+ gents across the •+
X Rio Grande last X
♦ night. The attack ♦
-♦-was discovered *♦
X' and abandoned. X
MANILA, April 26. There
was hard righting to-day
on each side of the rail
road line, the rebel forces for the
first time using two shrapnel
guns, from which they poured a
heavy but ineffective fire on the
American forces from the north
bank of the Rio Grande River.
General Hale, with the Fifty
first lowa and. the Kansas regi
ment, held the positions 1 on
the east of Calumpit which were
gained yesterday. Wheaton's
brigade, on the west of the
railroad, advanced west of Ca
lumpit toward the Rio Grande,
on the north side of which were
strong intrenchments of the in
surgent forces guarding the rail
road bridge spanning the stream.
There was heavy fighting on
each side. One man in the Kan
sas Regiment was killed and
the Montana Regiment lost one
killed and eight wounded.
Through the kindness of Senor
Villemer I have just received by
carrier pigeon an account of the
advance of Major General Law
ton, whose line of communica
tion had been cut off. The same
bird also brought a message from
General Lawton to General Otis.
The story brought by carrier
pigeon says that two columns —
the first under General Lawton
and the second under Colonel
Summers- met at Norzagaray,
in the hills fifteen miles east of
Calumpit. General Lawton had
marched twenty-eight miles un
der almost insurmountable diffi
culties. This advance is one of
the most notable feats of the en
tire campaign against the insur
gents.
The road over which the ex
pedition advanced is a mere trail
across rough hills. The entire
force had to turn in and help the
'wagon train, as the use of water
buffaloes proved an inefficient
method of transportation, ten of
the animals dying of exhaustion.
The enemy offered little resist
ance. -, ;
Colonel Summers, with his
force, had reached Norzagaray
Sunday morning, taking the
town after a little fighting. The
enemy retreated to the hills. On
Tuesday the American forces
took and burned the village of
Angat, the total loss being five
wounded.
The insurgents continue to fire
on Norzagaray from the hills, but
do not>seem inclined to make a
determined stand, pursuing in
stead guerrilla tactics. ,
AGUINALDO'S ARMY
MAKING A LAST STAND
MANILA, April 26, 6:10 p. m.-
Aguinaldo's army to-day is defending
Calumpit energetically, which Is said
to indicate that the rebels are finally2
making that place their last stand,
which the Americans expected them to
make at Malolos.
For the first time the Filipinos are
employing artillery. They brought two
guns Into action in the trenches to-day
before Calumpit. Fighting was re
sumed at 6 o'clock this morning. Dur
ing the night engineers repaired the
Bag-Bag bridge, thus enabling our
troops to cross the river.
General Wheaton's brigade advanced
in extended order, with the Kansas
regiment to the west of the railroad
and the Montana regiment to the east.
On the opposite banks were fortified
trenches, in which a.few American sol
diers would have been able to defy
thousands, so strongly were they con
structed. The Americana found the
trenches on the south bank of the river
deserted, which furnished them with
cover from which they could pick off
Filipinos whenever one of them showed
his head. When the rebels began firing
two puffs of smoke, simultaneuosly
from the trenches on each side of the
railroad rack, showed they were using
cannon, which as a genuine surprise
to the Americans. Several shells burst
close to General Wheaton's staff, but it
seemed .the Filipinos failed to master
the machinery of modern shells, as they
were unable to get the right range.
young's Utah Battery was ordered
into position in the center of the Kan
sas Regiment to silence the rebel guns.
and at 11 o'clock the rapid guns
had been hurried across the river and
came into line. At noon the rebels
were. still pouring a heavy fire in the
direction of the Americans, who re
turned i; spiritedly.
Two Americans were killed and seven
were wounded.
At about this time General Hale's
Brigade was advancing east of the line,
apparently to cross the river and at
tack the rebel trenches in the flank, as
did the Americans yesterday.
General Mac Arthur has secured an
order issued by .Aguinaldo to the other
commanders instructing them to In
struct their mi to economize their fire,
pave the empty shells and not to fire
at the enemy « hen the latter is under
cover. Tho Filipinos are also instruct
, d never to lire at. a longer range than
150 meters, and when they have a river
or other obstructions in front to hold
their fire until within eighty meters.
This order was issued after the cent
encounters between the Filipinos and
the Americans.
General Lawton Is meeting with the
greatest obstacles in the character of
the country. His troops have <-nly had
a few skirmishes thus far, resulting in
five of his men being wounded. But j
he has been forced to put his men at
work building roads and the transport
service giving much trouble, bullocks
dying of the heat and exhaustion and
Chinamen having to be employed in
pulling some of the cars. Therefore the
general has been unable to cover the
ground he hoped to cover.
The natives flee before the expedition,
but they swarm back to their huts as
soon as the American troops have
passed.
A few" Filipino sharpshooters a/c j
harassing the American flanks. The j
commissary department is preparing to
send more rations under a strong es
cort to the fnmt.
The United States transport Zeal- j
andia. from San Francisco March 23,
having on board several companies of
the Ninth Infantry and a large quan
tity of supplies, arrived here to-day,
after an uneventful voyage. Her troops
are camped on the water front.
The United States transport Sheridan
sails for home to-morrow. She will
take among her passengers General I
Charles King and Mrs. Colonel Stotsen
burg, who is conveying her husband's I
hody to the United States. The Sheri- .
dan also has on board several officers'
families, who find Manila an undesir
able residence.
GREATER GROWS LIST OF
KILLED AND WOUNDED
WASHINGTON. April 26.— Under to
haa forwarded
to th. Adjutant General the following
additional casualties:
KILLED.
Hos April 24— Private Hol
lan-1 I. Laidh r.
First Dakota— Wagoner Morti
mer I tnpany H, Corporal Vlck
ar E. Johnson, Private Charles Stulz;
X, James A. Lyes; April 25 — Company B.
S M. i<n-. ri ; h. E*rivate
 Privates Guv Jones; X,
. .■/.•:. L, < !arley de Ji
First Nel raska— Company I, Private
Harry McCart.
i tii.' ArtiHery— Company B, Private
Max Madison.
Hospital corps — Private Paul Gom
pertz.
WOUNDED.
First Idaho. April 24— Company C. Pri
v,.-. George B. Manning, foot, slight.
Fourteenth Infantrv — Company A, First
Sergeant G ill, hand slight; E,
Privates Bertie A. Lowe, arm, slight; Al
len M. Bhelledy, cheek, slight.
Thirty-nth Minnesota— Company F, Pri
vate Ir;t Towle, arm, jevere.
First South Dakota. April 22— Company
H, Private Frc-d Handle, chest, severe;
April 24— Company B, Sergeant Charles
Butler, ankle, slight; J. Private Paul
Weiss, forehead, slight; L, I. Dean, neck,
c; Alex 8. SJoblene, hand, severe;
April 25— Company B. Sergeant Arthur S.
Emenson, hip, slight; I. Oliver C. Lapp,
leg, severe; L* Quartermaster Sergeant
Anton Jurich. elbow, slight; E. Corporal
1.. Myers, shoulder, slight; F. Wil
liam Reaman, l<-g, slight; R, Private
Frank li. Goebel, knee, slight; James
Bhoulder, Blight; I>. J. \Y. Murphy
fare, severe.; X, Thomas Coleman, head!
slight: <;, Charles Wagner, head, slight;
1. Robert A. Putnam. kno<\ slight; X
Dan Van Rousse. knee, slight; George E
Skinner, knee. Blight; E, James H Da
vis foot, slight; Roberi \V. Hawkins,
Flrsi Nebraska, April 24— Company C,-
I Lieutenant \V. <;. Lungan eye
severe; Artificer John Roller, arm,'mod
A CALIFORNIA BOY
AMONG THE KILLED
THE cable advices from General
Otis yesterday announced the
death of Private Paul J. Gom
pertz, Hospital Corps, First
California Regiment. Gom
pertz's name was among the
list of those killed. As yet no par
ticulars have been received as to how
he met his death. His father, M.
Gompertz, lives with his family at 527
Hayes street, where he conducts a
stationery store. The first announce
ment he had of his son's death was
when he read his boy's name in the
daily papers as being among those
killed. Mr. Gompertz was completely
prostrated by the grief that was so
suddenly thrust upon him. He and his
family feel deeply the sacrifice they
have made for their country, but they
find consolation in the fact that one
of their members met a soldier's death.
Young Gompertz was well known in
San Francisco and had a host of
friends, with whom he was exceed
ingly popular. He was in his twenty
third year. He Came to this city from
New York, where he was born, when
a small boy. When the war broke out
he was employed in the City Hall as
a clerk in the office of Justice of the
Peace Groezinger, but resigned . his
position to enlist with the First Cali
fornia. He sailed with his regiment,
and at the fall of Manila did his duty
in caring for the sick and wounded.
Last October Gompertz was Invalided
home on the Rio Janeiro. As soon as
he regained his health he Insisted on
returning to his post of ■ duty at the
front, and he sailed a second time for
Manila. on Nevember 8. on the trans
port Newport. He has been with his
regiment ever since, and during the
recent hard fighting he was many
wounded from the field.
EDNA BEHRENS ELECTED
REDDING `S MAY QUEEN
REDDING. April 26.— After a contest that developed rivalries between
three different towns and was signalized by unusual enthusiasm. Miss
Edna Behrens, the bright 16-year-old daughter of Sheriff C. H. Beh
rens, w;:s elected Queen of the May. A total of 43.108 votes were cast,
of which Miss Behrens received 12.614. Her nearest local rival was
Miss Edith Ashfleld, who polled 10.149 votes. Miss Bessie Anderson, the
choice of Iron Mountain, came next with 10.043. Keswiok combined on Miss
Margarets Davis, who received 5034. Miss Behrens has graciously made Miss
Anderson and Miss A-Vi^'d her aids.
A series of gala days will precede and follow the celebration of Dewey day.
On Sunday preceding the Mount Shasta Gun Club will hold a shooting tourna
ment open to the marksmen of the northern counties. Many cash prizes will be
hung up for the various events. Succeeding Dewey day three days will be
devoted to a racemeet in which there are nine programme events, with purses
ximating $1000.
The Mayday festival Is being given under the auspices of the Foresters.
Wildwood Park has been especially prepared for the event, with music-stand.
dancing platform, gayly decorated booths and the many attractions usual to such
celebrations. The grove at night will be made light as day with arc lights and
: lanterns.
crate; F. Private Charles A. Cadwill,
thigh, severe; U M. t>. Lee:*, abdomen,
Wageck, neck, s<
April 25— Major Frank G. Eager, foot, se
vere; • '• Charles Brewster, foot,
moderate; E, Privates David Gillespie,
shoulder, slight: I. Lucius W. Pangborn,
knee, seven . 1.. Wlllard Carter, forearm,
slight; Francis Mason, aeck, severe;
Harvey Majors, sbmil i- i
Fifty-first lowa. April 24— Major William
nuggar, arm. slight: Company C, Cor-
Louis Wyland, Lhigh, moderate; M.
Private John Besom, leg, moderate;
April 25— 8, Privates John Kennan. back,
slight; D, Nathan E. Hodg - levere;
Elmer Narvee, shoulder, severe; Patrick
H. Dwyer, leg, plight.
I'tah Artillery— Company D, Corporal
Marnlles Jensen, Bevere; Private Bumu
l.r. abdomen, severe; John B. Raman,
knee, slight.
Hoe] 3— Private Charles H. Sla
■.■f'TC
Twentieth Kansas— Company X, Ser
geant Arthur C. Snow, forearm, severe;
Private A. W. Hubbard, foot, slight.
First Montana— Company H. Physician
William Patton, neck, sught; Private Jo
seph K. Wette, forehead. s<
Sixth Artillery— Company D, Private
Nels A. Ternquest, hand, slight.
— o
EFFORTS TO IMPEACH
SEVERAL WITNESSES
WILLOWS, April 26.— Tn the Murdock
note case this morning Expert Ames was
called to the stand and asked by Attor
ney Lusk:
"If the will in the Davis case was a
forgery, what kind of a forgery was it?"
To this he replied that it was a skillful
one.
\V. H. Burnight was the next witness
for the defense, and an attempt made to
get in the statements of Samuel Mufdock
as to his feeling toward Mary Helen Mur
dock The court ruled such testimony as
Incompetent. The foundation was laid for
Burnighfs impeachment by the plaintiff
by moans of statements made by the
witness prior to his going on the stand.
Through A. Merrill, one of the corps of
detectives for the Jefense, an atl
was made to impeach M. A. Skiff, one of
plaintiff's' witnesses, but Merrill s mem
orandum book, which wai cor
roborated Skiff. Several d were
read looking to the impeachment of Wit
ne^« S S?t witness of the day was Hana
Mu?dock a half-brother of William Miir
dock and the family history was gone
into. .^
To Cure a Cold in One Day
t- v I ixntivp Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
times under fire While assisting the
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
VOLUNTEERS MAY
BE CALLED FOR
Larger Force Needed in
the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 26.
It is evident that the administration
is seriously considering the advisability
ailing out the 35,000 volunteers au
thorized by the reorganization bill. The
President is still desirous, as he has
been all along:, to avoid this, but each
day's developments in the East
strengthens the belief that a larger
military force is required. There was
considerable running back and forth at
the White House to-day. General Miles
called on the President for the first
time in weeks, and it was for the pur
pose "f discussing the military situa
tion in the East and the question of
calling out volunteers. . Secretary Al
ger made two trips to the White House.
The President is becoming convinced
that more men must bring the cam
paign in the Philippines to a prompt
close. And his friends advise him that
the political effect of a prolongation of
the struggle there would be much
worse than calling out the volunteers,
to which some objection has been mad^.
A statement in regard to the disposi
tion of regulars has been prepared at
the War Department for the special
benefit of the President and Secretary
of War in considering the question of
reinforcing the army in the Philip
pines. There are now in Cuba 14,868
soldiers, embraced in four regiments of
cavalry, one regiment of artillery and
six of infantry. There are about 3000
t roop s in Porto Rico. The number of
troops in the Philippines and under or
ders to proceed there is 24,000 regulars.
Of the entire 56,000 regulars about 23,000
are still on duty in the United States.
It is not believed that the troops now
serving in Cuba or Porto Rico are
available for any other duty. It is not
likely that the force in either country
can be reduced without impairing th.
efficiency of the military administra
tion of those countries. Therefore these
troops, numbering about 18,000 men,
are not considered in the plans for
strengthening the military force in the
Philippines. The 23,000 soldiers now in
this country are divided into detach
ments assigned to the duty of guard
ing public property at abandoned posts,
looking after recruits and assisting in
the shipment of supplies.
PROTESTS AGAINST BBIGGS.
NEW YORK, April 26.— Bishop. Potter j
recently informed Rev. Dr. F. M. Clen- i
l denln, rector of St. Peter's Church, West
| Chester, that he would hold an ordination '
j in his church on Sunday morning. May i
' 14. It was the Bishop's intention then
j to advance to the priesthood two deacons,
Rev. Charles A. Briggs, a professor in i
the Union Theological Seminary, and Rev. i
I Charles H. Snedeker. Dr. Briggs, whose
i teachings at* the Union Seminary and
! whose published works had- occasioned '
I great controversy in the Presbyterian ;
j church, left that body some time ago and '■
j received confirmation in the Episcopal
church. His reception Into that com-
I munion was far from cordial. Later
Dr. Briggs was recommended by the
! Bishop's examining chaplains and by the
] standing committee of the diocese of New
i York for admission to holy orders, and
was made a deacon in the Episcopal
church. The same' authorities concurred
;in his proposed advancement to "the
i priesthood.
Dr. Clendenin. who is ranked as a
stanch and moderate high churchman,
now asks Bishop Potter to alter his plans
and to withdraw tbe proposed ordination
from St. Peter's, Westchester. He ana-
I lyzes Dr. Briggs' last book, condemns his
views severely and flatly protests against
'. Dr. Briggs being ordained at all to the
priesthood.
VASE AND ORNAMENT DAY.
Some articles cut 60 per cant.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
! ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
I GR^VT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
' Stores Everywhere. j
FLYING FOX BEATS
SLOAN'S MOUNT
Wins the Two Thousand
Guineas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 26.— Sir Waldie Grif
fith's bay filly, Styria, ridden by Tod
Sloan, won the Wilbraham plate at
Newmarket to-day in a field of four
horses. The betting was 4 to 1 on
Styria. A. M. Covington's brown colt,
St. Paulus, came in second and Sir J.
Blundell Maple's Complaisance third.
The race is of 200 sovereigns, by sub
scription of 5 sovereigns each and 5
sovereigns more for starters; two-year
olds; distance five furlongs.
The Two Thousand Guineas at New
market to-day was won by the Duke
of Westminster's bay coit. Flying PoJc
Lord William Beresford's Caiman, rid
den by Tod Sloan, was second, and
Leopold de Rothschild's Tydent was
third. Eight horses started. The bet
ting was 6 to 5 on Flying Fox, 5 to 1
against Caiman and 30 to 7 against
Tydent. Caiman led to (he bushes,
when Flying Fox passed him and won
in a canter by two lengths.
A sidling plate was won by Douglas
Baird's chestnut colt, Egmont, with
Sloan up. Ten horses ran. The betting
waa 4 to 5 against Egmont.
J. S. Curtis' Method was one of the
horses which took part in the race for
the Two Thousand Guineas.
C. L. Dwyer bought in Egmont for
536 sovereigns.
A three-year-old welter handicap was
won by E. Banner's chestnut filly Light
Comedy, by Rose Window-Gaiety. C.
S. Newton's Lord Earnest was second
and Sir Tatton Sykes' My Boy was
third. Jolly Tar. owned by Lord Wil
liam Beresford and ridden by Sloan,
was unplaced. Thirteen horses ran;
distance, the Rowley mile. The betting
was 7 to 2 agajnst Jolly Tar.
ST. LOUIS MEETS
ITS FIRST DEFEAT
Chicago Team Beats the League
Leaders Despite Bagged
Fielding.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.! Clubs— W. L. Pet
St. Louis 7 1 S7.'>! Cincinnati ..5 4 .555
Boston 7 3 '.700- Baltimore ...  5 .500
Philadelphia. 7 4 . 636 ; New York... 3 6 .333
Brooklyn 6 4 .600 1 Pittsburg ... 2 5 .256
Chicago 7 6 .583! Washington.. 2 8 .200
Louisville ... 5 4 .655 j Cleveland ... 1 6 .143
ST. LOUIS, Apr!! 26.— 8y bunching hits in
the last inning Chicago captured the third game
of the series with St. Louis, notwithstanding
the poor fielding by the former club. This was
the first game lost by St. Louis this season.
Attendance, 6000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St Louis 6 8 2
Chicago 7 is 3
Batteries Wilson and Criger; Callahan anil
Donahue. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
PHILADELPHIA; April 26.— Boston won to
day's same In the first inning. Wheeler gave
two bases on balls and was batted for three
singles and a double, netting the Champions
five runs. Willis was a puzzle to the Philadel
phia*, their seven hits being scattered. Attend
ance, 3500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 9 12 2
-Philadelphia 3 7 3
.Batteries— Willis and Clark; Wheeler and
Douglas. Umpires — and McDonald.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 2fi.— To-day's game
was nip and tuck untl^he ninth inning, when
the Pirates made a strong finish. . Four hits
and two errors gave the visitors four runs.
Attendance, 300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 3 8 5
Plttsburg 7 12 .' 2
Batteries— Magree and Klttredge; Leaver and
Schriver. Umpires O'Day and Brennan.
NEW YORK, April. 26.— With two out in the
ninth inning to-day at Washington Park,
Baltimore rallied and made the score close.
Kennedy's three-bagger in the second inning
sent Brooklyn to the front and they remained
there to the finish. The hits were about evenly
divided, but Nops was unsteadler than Ken
nedy. Attendance, 3600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 5 9 2
Baltimore 3 8 2
Batteries— Kennedy and Farrell; Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
CINCINNATI, April 26.— Exiles showed
lack of practice and were easy for the Reds.
Mcßride's hitting was a feature. Attendance,
1350. Score: ';■'''
Clubs— R. ' H. E.
Cincinnati 10 16 0
Cleveland 5 11 4
Batteries— Breitenstein, Damman and Peitz;
BudhofC and ; Sugden. Umpires— Burns and
Smith.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— The game today
was called at the beginning of the third Inning
on account of rain. The score then stood 2 to 0
In favor of New York. McFarland, the now
pitcher for the local team, was In the box.
GERMAN PUBLISHERS
PROMOTE GOOD FEELING
Missouri Newspaper Men Set Forth
the Friendship of the Fatherland
for America.
ST. LOUIS, April 2fi.— The German
newspaper publishers of Missouri held a
meeting here to-day for the purpose of
defining their position regarding the new
policy of "imperialism and militarism."
Dr. Emil Pretorius, editor of the West
licher Post and the Nestor of the German
press of America, presided, and after a
lengthy discussion the following resolu
tions were unanimously adopted:
I— Systematic and uninterrupted efforts have
been made during the i>ast twelve months to
destroy, by misrepresentations and unfounded
sensations the good feeling and the old histori
cal friendship between the United States and
Germany. These malicious intentions have cre
ated among the German-American population
the greatest indignation. We therefore regard
it our duty as loyal citizens to denounce these
continued falsehoods and misrepresentations,
which endanger the old friendship of the two
countries.
2— The friendship between the United States
and Germany is as okl as the history of the
great American republic and has lasted un
interrupted. As the Government of Frederick
the Great was the. first Kuropean power which
acknowledged the young republic of the United
;-'tiit<!S, Germany was the first to Acknowl
edge the supremacy of the United States
In the Philippines. This fact alone
proves plainly that Germany has no unfriendly
intentions and no desire to oppose us In the
orient
. 3— ln the glorious history of the United States
from the time of George Washington to the
days of the civil war the German-American
population has shown strong and patriotic loy
alty to the union. In the darkest days of the
republic the German-Americans stood firm and
true by the union, hs> they will do in future.
We German-Americans and the Germans in the
old country have been cruelly misrepresented.
We proved our loyalty during the past war
and will continue to prove It, whatever the
future may bring. But we protest most era
phattcallv against all falsehoods and intrigues
which are intended to interrupt in the interest
of England tlie friendship between the United
States and Germany.
4— True to the constitutions and traditions of
the republic we take a firm stand against im
perialism and militarism, knowing that the
German-American citizens stand almost unani
mously against this new course which would
endanger the welfare and the future of the
republic.
"Doc" Flynn Knocked Out.
STOCKTON. April 26.— Rufe Turner of
this city knocked out "Doc" Flynn of the
Olympic Club of San Francisco in the
third round of what was to have been a
ten-round fight before the Stockton Ath
letic Association this evening. A well di
rected swing on the chin ended Flynn's
chances of a decision. "Jack" Mahon and
"Kid" Johnson fought an eight-round
draw as a preliminary. Mahon was handi
caßDed by a lame knee.
SUPERSTITIOUS
REDS SLAY ONE
OF THEIR TRIBE
Kill and Cremate a Brave to
Drive Out an Evil
Spirit.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 26.— Letters I
received here from J. A. Beauchamn. j
manager of Larue & Pickard's fur
store at Lesser Slave Lake, tell of a j
strange crime, for which two Indians
are now awaiting trial, and of peculiar \
incidents which led up to it. Twenty- j
five Cree Indians are camped fifty miles I
west of the Lesser Slave Lake, near j
Smoky River. On March 25 a half-breed
named Anachou Louison became im
bued with the idea that he was pos
sessed nf a devlL The chief symptom |
was a chunk <>f ice in the stomach. |
Finally, after many strange wander- !
ings about the wilderness, he formed ;
the belief that his appetite couid be j
satisfied on human flesh only. While i
engaged in conversation with the chief ;
of the encampment, soon after his re- !
turn from the t vest, a little band of
children gathered around. Pointing to i
them he said he regarded them lust the j
same as the moose — to be killed and
eaten. Then suddenly turning to other j
Indians near by he said:
"If you don't kill me to-night I will |
kill you."
The other Indians became terribly j
afraid of the devil-possessed man. and j
two of them, catching him unawares, j
sprang on him from behind. They held j
him secure while a third Indian took a j
hatchet and smashed in his skull. These
three then dragged the murdered man ;
to a hut, bound him to the floor with
stakes and cut off his heau. Beine still
afraid that he might come at them, for
they had a great fear of the person
j,, ssessed of an evil spirit, they fast
ened the door and fled. After a lapse j
of two days they returned and buried |
MOORE IN JAIL
AT NEVADA CITY
Back at the Scene of His
Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA Cltl\ April 28.—Trem
bling from weakness, shivering from
cold, his features wan and pinched, his
hat rim slouched down over his rest
less, piercing eyes, and his body
swathed in ;i red buggy robe to keep
out the nipping mountain air, the
manacled midnight assassin, who with
out warning shot to death Policeman
Kilroy twenty-six days ago, presented
an uncanny and grewsome ppectacle as
he was lifted out of a carriage at the
Nevada County Coiartliocse shortly be
fore 5 o'clock this morning. Supported
on one side by Sheriff Getchell and on
the other by Sheriff Veale of Contra
Costa, with Captain Nihell bringing up
the rear, Murderer Moore began the
ascent of the stairs to the jail floor of
the temple of justice. It seemed a
veritable death march and the gray,
shadowy dawn light accentuated its
wierdness. The prisoner was half led
and half carried, for his knees at times
collapsed like thofee of a craven death
convict advancing to take his place un
der the yawning noose that dangles for
his kind.
Once in the barred ante-room of the
jail the prisoner sank into a chair the
moment- that the blanket was unrolled
from around him and the handcuffs
were unlocked. He took the situation
with the stolidity of an Apache, except
for the furtive glances he cast around
and an almost imperceptible twitching
of the mouth. Then the heavy double
doors to murderers' alley swung back
and the new arrival went in, moving
painfully and as if he left all hope be
hind. He was assigned to one of the
steel tanks and no sooner had he en
tered it than he flung himself on the
cot and in five minutes was sound
asleep. He was awakened at 9 o'clock
for breakfast, which he ate voraciously.
This afternoon Moore was taken by
District Attorney Powers' order before
Justice Coghlan, who set the prelimi
nary examination for 10 o'clock Friday
morning. As he passed to and from
the court room through the busiest
streets of the city, with Sheriffs Get
chell and Veale, the only officers in
Charge, a thousand people quickly con
gregated along the route or followed
the trio. But there was no breach of
the peace, no disposition shown to
create any disturbance.
At every station on the railroad from
Martinez to Colfax the train was be
sieged by hundreds of people seeking
a sight of the bad man of Little Deer
Creek. In the drive from Colfax the
party saw only two men, and that was
after their arrival at this city. When
the vehicle was passing the corner of
Broad and Pine streets where the mur
der was committed, Moore straightened
up in his seat, gave a quick glance to
ward the spot where Kilroy was killed,
and with a perceptible shudder sank
back again.
At the depot in Sacramento a hand
some bouquet was handed to Moore by
a man. A card accompanied it, bearing
the following: '
"I've modest violets and rosei bloom
ing. Love and good wishes."
On the other side of the card was the
name "Jennie Campbell, 1617 N." The
name was printed in type and the rest
was written. Moore says Jennie Camp
bell is an old friend of his.
Moore preserves an imperturbable si
lence, not having spoken a word since
his arrival here, except to say "yes" or
"no" to the officers. At Colfax this
morning he told a newspaper man that
Kilroy struck him on the head with a
club, and then he shot. He also said
that Tred Eilerman and Larry Mullen,
as well as "Bob" Gates, saw the blow
and the killing. Eilerman and Mullen
deny this pointblank.
Sheriff Getchell to-day issued orders
that no flowers be taken to Moore's
cell, and that even the reporters sha'l
not see him till he regains his strength.
To-day the point was raised that
Sheriff Veale is not entitled to the $1300
prize money offered for Moore, but that
it should go to Farmer James Ken
nerly of McAvoy, Contra Costa County.
who* put the Sheriff on the trail. This
contention is based on an alleged ruling
of the Supreme Court in the Weber
niurdor case of San Josp. Chief Lees
caught the murderer, hut the man who
posted the Chief put in a claim for the
money, and finally got it. on the grround
that the officer was amply compensated
by his salary.
"99" Cleveland bicycles. $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavltt & Bill, 309 Larkin.* ,
the body. They then went to the camD
to kill another Indian, probably to ap
pease the great spirit.
In the meantime one of the Indians
had carried word fifty miles to the
mounted police post at Lesser Slave
Lake, and Corporal Charles Phillins
and Constable Warren started for the
scene of the tragedy. Those at the
post regarded the two mounted police
men as heroes, for all were of the opin
ion that the two brave riders of the
plains would fall a sacrifice to the fury
of the Indans, who had grown blood
thirsty. Traveling night and day tin
police got to the camp early in the
morning:, before it was awake. They
demanded the surrender of the murder
ers, and enforced their demand with re
volvers.
The Indians refused to speak, but one
of the women pointed out the two
murderers, or executioners. and
a third who had assisted them
in the deed. Then, while Con
stable Warren held them at the point
of his revolver, Corporal Phillips hand
cuffed two Indians, named Napecdcis
and Paillew, and took away a third,
named Chac-Ca-Chac, as a witness.
Napecocis is the one who cut off Loul
son's head. The report that cannibal
ism was actually practiced turned out
to be untrue.
The police returned to the post with
their prisoners, and with an inter
preter set out for Edmonton on April
5. They had four horse:: and a big sled,
the prisoners being chained to it.
Grf-at praise is given to Corporal
Phillips and Constable Warren for their
bravery in responding to the summons
without an hour's delay, and for mak
ing a demand for prisoners in a camo
where every one of the redskins was
armed.
ROYAL WELCOME
TO THE RALEIGH
Arrival of the Cruiser at
Philadelphia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, , April 25.— The
cruiser Raleigh, which is to take part
in the ceremonies incident to the un
veiling of the Grant monument in Fair
mount Park on Thursday, reached her
anchorage off Race street wharf to
day. Mayor Ashbridge, the Council
committee on the unveiling, and a
number of distinguished citizens, met
the warship below the city and. es
corted her to the anchorage. A large
fleet of steamers followed in her wake,
blowing whistles constantly, to which
noise was added the welcome from fac
tory bells and whistles on both sides of
the Delaware River. '
When the procession reached the
League Island Navy-yard the Raleigh
fired a salute of fifteen guns for Ad
miral Casey, commandant of the yard,
to which the navy-yard responded. A
brief stop was made, during which the
Raleigh's commander went ashore and
paid his respects to Admiral Casey and
Captain Clarke, the captain of the
yard. '.
The President and party will arrive
to-morrow morning. Following the un
veiling the President will attend a ban
quet at the Union League and later in
the evening will attend a public meet-
Ing at the Academy of Music. He will
make no speeches.
The military display to-morrow will
consist of the National Guard of Penn
sylvania, crew of the Raleigh, marines
and sailors from League Island, several
New Jersey regiments and a number of
private military organizations. On
Friday there will be a demonstration
on the river, when President McKinley,
in honor of the Raleigh and her crew,
will pay a visit to Captain Coghlan.
Mrs. Grant arrived here shortly after
7 o'clock. She was accompanied by
Miss Rosemayer Sartoris, who is her
granddaughter, and who will unveil the
statue, and Miss Coffey. They were
met at the station of the Pennsylvania
Railway by a ladies' committee, of
which Mrs. Charles Harrison, wife of
the provost of Pennsylvania, is chair
man.
Soon after Mayor Ashbridge and the
Council committee boarded the Raleigh
to-day, while the gallant little vessel
was on her way up the river, the Mayor
and committee went into Captain
Coghlan's cabin, where the captain, the
officers and the crew were formally
welcomed to Philadelphia by the
Mayor. In responding Captain Cogh
lan said:
"Mr. Mayor and members of the com
mittee: We appreciate the spirit in
which you greet us, and thank you for
it. I do not personally need to be told
of the kindness of the people of this
city, for I lived here several years, and
remember their kindness. The invita
tion to take part in the unveiling of the
Grant statue is gratifying, and as to
the celebration of Dewey day, we will
regard that as a privilege, for we feel
that we are almost a part of Dewey. As
to the invitation to dine to-night with
the committee, we accent that — not be
cause we want the dinner, but because
we want to be with you."
Captain Coghlan and all his officers
came ashore shortly after 6 o'clock.
The commander of the Raleigh was
driven to the Stratford Hotel, where
he greeted his wife, and he shortly
afterward went to the Hotel Walton,
where they were tendered a dinner by
the • Council committee. The entire
party later on attended a theater.
GREAT UNEASINESS
IN THE TRANSVAAL
While Kruger's Defenses Are Being
Prepared England's Army Is
Steadily Augmented.
NEW YORK. April 2G.— The Journal
prims the following from Capetown:
There is renewed uneasiness over the situ
ation in the Transvaal. President Kru
ger's general in chief. General Joubert. is
inspecting the frontiers and selecting
places suitable for entrenchments.
Mure rigid inspection of the military
has also been ordered. Kroger, as he
intimated a month ago. evidently is ex
pecttag hostilities with England. Dutch
men are uneasy over the results or the
petition to Joseph Chamberlain, Eng
land's Colonial Minister, signed by 21,'KXi
English residents in the Transvaal, and
Betting forth their grievances. Chamber
lain's action, it is believed, will mark a
crisis in English-Dutch, relations.
The British army here is being steadily
augmented. I
DREYFUS CASE
CAUSES FIGHTS
Rival Meetings Followed
by Encounters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. April 28.— The advocates and
opponents of Dreyfus revision h-Md
rival meetings in Paris this evening
and fights occurred afterward in the
streets. Several persons were injured.
The Figaro's publication of the evi
dence of Captain Cuignet before the
Court of Cassation has thrown th*»
anti-revision party into consternation.
The Eclaire and all the anti-Dreyfus
j papers are boiling with indignation.
! Several of them suppress altogether the
! testimony of this officer, whose princi
! pal statement was that the guilt or
I Dreyfus could be only inferential^
i shown from the secret dossier. The
Eclaire denounces Captain Cuignet
in unmeasured terms.
It is rumored that a daughter of one
of the members of the Cabinet, desiring
to put an end to the scandal, gave the
Figaro, gratis, the reports of the evi
dence before the Court of Cassation
The Figaro begins to-day the evi
dence offered before the united cham
bers of the court.
M Palelogue, one of the permanent
officials of the Foreign Office, in the
course of a long explanation regarding
the cipher telegrams, expressed the
• conviction that the document contained
in the secret dossier purporting to be
a telegram from a foreign agent to his
government indicating the relations of
Dreyfus with Germany and which cap
tain Cuignet had cited as proving guilt,
was a forgery.
LANDED ON THE GREAT
ANTARCTIC CONTINENT
Letter From Captain Borchgrevink,
in Command of the Polar
Expedition.
CHRISTIANIA, April 26.— A letter has
been received here from Captain Borch
grevink, in command of the expedition
makinig an exploration of the Antarctic
continent, dated from Cape Adair, Vic
torialand, February 28, in which he says:
•M ha%-e now landed on the great Ant
arctic continent with my staff, instru
ments and seventy-five <inps. The great
est discipline prevailed throughout.
i£"sj READ
/|P| THE
|[?J TBE
fv V-^/^v
MrvV 5
\\ y °*Hi WBAT
r rl\ D 0
I' V| THEY ;
£ I MEAN? -
|v ft
i ]
It is only during recent years that advanced
scientists have begun to realize the wonderful
and all-important influence of the nervous sys-
tem over all the organs and parts that serve
to make up the human body. It is safe to
say that two-thirds the population suffer from
nervous disorder to a greater or less extent.
The housewife, whose mind is preoccupied all
the day long- with tier various household duties,
is just as likely to suffer from nervous dis-
order as is the woman who has no more to do
than think of her ills. .
The laboring man, the merchant, the profes-
sional man is not exempt from nervous disease,
any more than is the man who is at leisure.
The symptoms that warn you of impending
Nervous Prostration are Headache (Fig. 1) —
Twitching of the muscles of the face (Fig. 2) — •
Palpitation or Irregular Fluttering of Heart
(Fig. 3)— lmpaired Digestion (Fig. Pain and
Weakness In Back (Fig . Weakness in
Limbs (Fig. 6). Other symptoms are tremblings,
vertigo or dizzy spells, sleeplessness, costive-
ness, despondency, melancholia, irritable tem-
per and that tired and worn-out feeling. You
are unable to apply yourself to work. Your
mind is not clear. You have evil forebodings.
All these are indications of a general letting-
down of your nervous system.
Do not permit yourself to go on to complete
breaking down. Hudyan will cure you. Hud-
yan will ward off nervous prostration. Hudyan
will cure nervous prostration if your disease
has progressed that far.
In women, irregular menstruation, painful
menstruation, mucous discharges, are very
often the result of a weakness of the uterine
and ovarian nerves. Hudyan will cure you.
Men who suffer from nervous weakness will
find in Hudyan a remedy that strengthens and
invigorates the entire organism.
A weakness of the nerve centers of the brain
is the chief cause of headaches and dizziness.
Hudyan will cure.
A weakness of the nerves of the stomach will
produce indigestion, dyspepsia, etc. Hudyan
will cure.
A weakness of the nerves of the lungs will
create weak lungs, oftentimes leading the pa-
tient to believe that consumption exists. Hud-
yan will cure.
Weakness of the nerves of the bowels will
cause constipation. Hudyan will cure.
Hudyan is nature's own remedy for all nerve
weakness. It strengthens and quiets the nerves,
it invigorates the entire system. Any nervous
disorder will readily yield to Hudyan.
Hudyan will cure all Stomach— Liver— Kidney
— Nervous — and Blood Diseases. Come to our
offices and see the evidence of Hudyan's cures.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists, 50c a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50.
If' your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO., corner
Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
You Have the Privilege of Consulting.
the Hudyan Doctors About Your Case
Free of Charge. Call op Write.
SFINE TAILORING
TL FINE TAILORING
mMk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
figgpfik WORKMANSHIP, at
fflfflyi 25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
W JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to &{f) ,_ &0Z
I BB Order, from 4)1 Z " $00
I II Pants from . . $4 to $| 0
V «CW— Jm. 20 and 203 Montgomery St.,
\ ~^»» 1 1 10 and 1 112 Market St., S.F.
485 i4th Street. Oakland, Cal.
jgfets^|l^*^ Doctor
spspp^^ss^^^flw f\/i py P R J5
p|f dHilr^iP\ Specialists for Men
v*W yV ygsST^ curing weakness and eon-
VlsWiF'' j^<+*~Jsiii They have the l&rsut and
Jl§n^ : !fflMwW ■ Ko Psy TIU Cnred *
C o^«K^^Ji§f^iiK^ r " fortun * te men Who c " n '
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _. AX J i E^.'
Thousands cnred at hornet
All iett«r» confidential. So Charge for Consultation. .
73! SAVKBaScO lElev.t.rEntxaac*
JOIhAMBANCISCO iWORK IS BEGUN
ON THE HARBOR
AT SAN PEDRO
Vast Throng Gathers to Cele
brate the People's
Victory.
LOS ANGELES. April 26.— As the mariners of old wedded the
Adriatic to Venice with the ceremony of a golden ring, so was
Southern California to-day cemented in commercial union with
the Pacific when President McKinley. in the White House at 11
o cock this morning, touched the electric button that caused the
first barge load of rock to be dumped in the actual construction of
■.m Pedro Harbor breakwater.
Fully 20,000 persons attended the first
«!,-,ys celebration of the Free Harbor Ju
hllee ai San Pedro. Amid the booming of
m:i anil the shouts of the assembled
!n si the 700 tons of rock slid Into the
.l.i.id waters of the harbor from a barge
the point designated by the Govern
ment engineers In charge of Captain .1. J.
M.yler. To-night at San Pedro the fes
tivities w.re continued with a water car
nival, including a pyrotechnleal display
<^°iat has had no equal in Southern Call
irnia. The people feasted at a barbecue,
;.t which were consumed the cooked meat
>f forty-three steers, three tons of baked
lieans, 500 pounds of coffee and 22.000 buns.
This was the biggest barbecue ever given
iJ) the history of the State.
The literary part of the program] was
not (he Last interesting feature of the
day. This celebration has been the means
nf assembling a number of noted Califor
nians. including Senator Stephen M.
"\Vhit<\ Senator George C. Perkins, Mayor
James I>. Phelan. Attorney General Tirey
J.. Ford, Judge J. G. Maguin . Governor
Henry T. Gage. Captain J. J. Meyler,
Colonel G. H. Mendell, Senator Boyce
;ii!.l representatives from every section
*>f Southern California. At various stages
of the day's exercises these gentlemen
spoke upon the absorbing topic of the
celebration. In reviewing the battle for
the harbor and detailing the victory of
ib>- people over the combined interests
of corporate power the highest honors
vere awarded to Senator White for his
zeal, ability and skill in outwitting the
attempt tn thwart the will of the masses.
The name of Thomas F. Gibbon, vice
president of the Los Angeles Terminal
Kailway, was frequently mentioned as the
leading local spirit in this contest, and
tv him just credit was given.
Governor Henry T. Gage, whose name
was added to the list of speakers at the
last moment, was the first to be intro
duced to the throng. He greeted his fel
low citizens in set phrases and congratu
lated them up..n the success of their ef
lorts for a free harbor at San Pedro,
BDOke of the joy he felt In being permitted
\^-<> participate in the jubilee and declared
ihe harbor would pen to Southern Cali
fornia the commerce of the Pacific, includ
ing the Philippines, where he hoped the
American flag would ever float. In the
course nf his remarks the Governor said:
Senator White, who ha* retired, as he says
jrom public life, has been, in my Judgment,
i. It hough I differ with him politically, an ideal
Senator. He has never, when working in be
lialf of the people, required as a stimulus to
Ms grand action any newspaper edict, nor has
he ever required ihe balm to his conscience of
a legislative resolution. Always has he been
guid*d by nne rule, and that was. in my judg
ment, 1 say, whenever an act met the approval
vi his conscience he let results take care of
themselves. And;- no man is better loved in
California to-day than the gentleman whom I
Just greeted lu'ie as he has retired from public
life.
This statement has put the friends of
Senator Perkins in a serious mood, and
tney are to-night questioning the propri
ety of the Governor's language at a gath
ering such as he addressed. This was the
lirst time Perkins and Gage have met
since the Senator criticized Gage for his
numerous pocket vetoes. The statement
Is made by the admirers of Perkins that
Gage has taken the first opportunity to
rebuke the Senator from the north.
Ex-Senator Stephen -M. White said in
part:
Day by day we can see improvements in our
State, and we are constantly aspiring to an
' end that will make this, the Golden State of the
West, the greatest one in the union.
Man desire is to improve. We have looked
forward to the commencement of work on this
liarbnr for years, and now we have the realiza
tion cif our expectations.
As in the case of the harbor, so is it always
that the man who aspires to truth and Justke
. vill win. while he who aspires against truth
L md justice Is sure to lose.
%- In this case, which has led up to the com
mencement of the work on this harbor, how
ever, there has been little in individualities.
It Is the aggregate work of the people of the
State which has counted. The work of the
people did more than that of any representative
or more than the work of all your representa
tives combined. I do not take to myself the
credit which my friend, the Governor, has
piven me, but in all my connection with the
Tight for this harbor I have dona the best I
could.
The Senator then entered into a brief
history of the fight which has led up to
the commencement of work on the liar
hor. He told of the untiring efforts of
Peveral citizens of Southern California in
their work toward the harbor, and
added:
It is sufficient to say, as we meet here to-day
to celebrate the inning of work on this
harbor, that it is our duty to thank God that
we. have won.
Let us all put our shoulders to the wheel
and work for the betterment of our town, our
county and our race. Let us stand loyal to the
Interests which have been placed in our. charge,
■whether such a stand brings us sorrow or hap
piness.
Throughout his remarks, the ex-Sena
tor frequently referred In complimentary
t>rms to those who assisted in the battle
fur the people. He was particularly warm
in his praises of Senator Perkins, who, he
t-ald, had been an ardent friend of the
Han Pedro harbor.
Senator Perkins in his address said that
the booming of cannon Indicated that the
J 'resident of the United States had given
his official sanction to the work under
taken at San Pedro harbor and the words
of our honored Governor voiced the senti
ments of the people. Said. he:
U"e have had the support and co-operation of
every member of the California delegation in
• "ongrepu except one, and all those from the
• 'cast States, because they believed it was an
enterprise in the interest of the people and of
commerce. That breakwater will be built, and
if our representatives do their duty that inner
I rbor will be dredged out. When the Xl'-ii-
A :uan canal is completed, as It will be, you
ofill get competition In transportation.' The
mi I road projected from Utah to Los Angeles
will be built, and before ten years have passed
you will have two more transcontinental lines.
I «m opposed to annexation of foreign countriea
Lwhen they bring to us a heterogeneous popula
tion that has no sympathy with our institu
tions. . . .
Judge Maguire followed, saying:
The, splendid success achieved by the people
cf Southern California in their battle for a free
harbor at Pan Pedro can be looked upon as an
example of wonderful persistence. The Cali-
Tornians of the north take pleasure In attesting
their gratification over the result, as the pros
perity of the State is linked with the progress
ami development of every section of the com
monwealth.
Judge Maguire paid a high tribute to
the efforts of Senator White and then re
called the struggles in Congress.
"In calling up the warhorses who strove
£ A Man 3
E: Ate Nothing
j£: Or lunch for 10 days but •*£
Grape-Nuts and cream ' -5
it was a test to see if they
•*_ really furnished the — •
EZ nourisment claimed.... '.".'.'.' 3
5^ He gained 4 pounds =3
j^: in 10 days. z£ |
JL^r That was the answer.
'y- Found at Grocers. US
7jMtiUJUJUJUfJiUUJUJIUIiR.
for the rights of the people do not." said
he, "forget that you owe much to the
tireless energy of Cooper of Wisconsin
who was as faithful as any Californian."
Mayon Phelan, who was hi excellent
voice, said ho fell as deep interest in the
development of a free harbor on the south
coast aa did the people of I.os Angeles
and he rejoiced that they had gained a
victory over the corporate power repre
sented in the domination of a great rail
road system.
"But," continued Mayor Phelan, "do not
be lulled into a sense of security. Have
men to govern San Pedro who will protect
your wharf rights, so that these rights
will not be absorbed by those who ure
more anxious to benefit by such privi
leges. We in San Francisco transferred
our lights to itoe State, and I can say
tn you that our next municipal campaign
will tie fought out on the issue whether
or not we shall control the situation and
be free to maintain our affairs without
the intervention of others."
Attorney General Ford, who spoke 4n
behalf of Northern California, said no
rivalry existed between San Francisco
and San Pedro and the commercial In
ts in building a greater empire on
tin' Pacific < 'oast were actuated by gen
erous Impulses.
HOWARD HEARING IS
- SUDDENLY ENDEH
SAN JOBE, April 2<i.— The examination
into the connection of E. B. Howard, tin
fruit shipper, with the failure of the
Union Savings Bank, commenced before
Referee in Bankruptcy w. a. Coulterthis
moming. It came up on the petition of
J. M. ("ox to hn\e (240,000 of indebtedness
claimed by the batik against Howard set
aside on the ground that the bank had
wiped out the indebtedness in an agree
ment with Howard. Attorney Morehouae
appeared for <"ox, and he was just begin
ning to Kt-t some interesting matter from
Howard when Jackson Hatch, attorney
lor the Union Savings Hani:, appeared
and questioned Coulter's authority to go
I into an examination of the facts. He filed
an answer alleging that the referee had
no right to set a day for the hearing and
take testimony, and he asked that the
n be sei aside. The referee denied
this motion, but agreed to certify to his
B< tion and send the question to Judge
De Haven for a decision. This terminated
the hearing for a time.
A couple of years ago Howard became
financially embarrassed and notified the
bank that he intended to go into insol
vency. He owed the institution over $-■♦■>.
md his failure meant the bank's fail
ure. The hank agreed to relinquish this
indebtedness provided be would continue
in business. It gave him an agreement to
this effect, except that $.!".""•' due on
Bales in the East should be turne.i
to the bank. Since that time about $70.00)
indebtedness with the bank was incurred
by Howard.
RAIN SAVES CROPS
IN MONTEREY COUNTY
KING CITY. April 2fi.— The rain of the
past few days has been of almost inesti
mable value t.. the people <~>f this section.
Rain fell in all parts of the valley, and
never was the precipitation more oppor
tune. Crops in many places had begun to
fail badly and the grass-covered hills
were turning brown. The rain has put new
life into grain and will greatly Improve
the yield. Many farmers had given up
hope of getting anywhere near a good
crop, but this rain assures them of at
least a. fair yield. It is safe to, estimate
that the last rain was worth hundreds of
thousands of dollars to Salinas Valley
farmers. Beets planted on irrigated lands
>:re Hi gplendid condition, and there is no
fear of a failure of the sugar beet crop
in this section.
VKNTI/RA. April 2..—Th e rainfall was
.45 of an im-h during the last twenty-four
hours throughout Ventura County, it was
nearly an inch at Nordhoff. The down
pour is of great value to the, barley crop.
Beets :m •■ Hi fine shape, and fruit is mak
ing a magnificent showing.
SAN DIEGO. April 2ri. — Twenty-five
hundred tha of an inch of rain fell here
this morning in twenty minutes.
SAX JOSE. April 20.— The rain for the
past twenty-four hours was .08 of an inch
and for the storm .25 of an inch. One of
the biggest hay crops in the history of
this valley is assured. Some hay is being
cut. The storm has passed.
COMPLETING PLANS FOR
MONETARY REFORM
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., April 26.— The
committee on monetary legislation ap
pointed by a caucus of the Republican
members of the National House of Rep
resentatives, which committee convened
here on April 17, Is rapidly completing its
plans for monetary legislation. The
members have shown great interest in
their work, and their labors frequently
extend far into tho night. The morning
sessions cover a period of three hours.
The afternoons are devoted to subcom
mittee work and the evenings to informal
conferences. Mr. Hawiey of Texas is the
only absent member, and is not expected
to be present.
They hope to complete the bill this
\\>-ek. for presentation to the next Con
gress. All the members of the commit
tee siiow the greatest reluctance in dis
cussing their conclusions, but It is as
serted that the bill will be more com
prehensive in character than has been
expected.
MILES MAY TAKE THE
PHILIPPINE COMMAND
NEW YORK, April 26.— A Washing
ton dispatch says: Secretary of War
Alger and Major General Miles -were at
the White House together to-day, an
incident so unusual that it caused much
gossip, it was said that General Miles
wants t>> be sent to the Philippines to
take charge of the campaign, and that
It was at his request he was to g<>.
This story has no official authorization.
but it was given publicity, with soni>»
show of backing. It was also said the
President, realizing how much is at
stake in the Philippine campaign, is de
termined to end it successfully, and for
that reason favored General Miles tak
ing charge.
Prelates Going to Rome.
«Mprial Cable to The Call and the New York
"Herald Copyrighted. 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett. ■■;':;_. .
BUENOS AYRES, April 26.— The Arch
bishop of Lima and the Bishops of Are
qulpa and Puno, Peru, embarked to-day
on the British steamer Nile to goto
Rome to assist at the plenary council of
the hierarchy of the Latin republics of
America, called by the Pope to meet on
May 28. ■ .. ' '
Dr. Parker Amuses Wales.
NEW YORK. April 20.— A cable to the
Journal from London says: Dr. Parker's
denunciation of card playing and horse
racing by members of the royal family
was brought to the attention of the Prince
of Wales at Newmarket to-day. The
Prince read Parker's utterance, "
the Sultan." and with great amusement
said, "Friend, let Dr. Parker live his life;
1 will live mine."
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
NATIVE SONS FETED AT
HISTORIC MONTEREY
SALINAS, April of the Golden West,
of. "all play" for the ,Grand Parlor
of Native Sons of the Golden West,
vj its chief, event being the trip to
Monterey, Del Monte and Pacific
Grove. The only work of the day
was an evening session of the Grand Par
lor, which was shortly given over to the
California Argonauts for their annual
"warm time." as they call an initiation. .
This "warm time" was really the event
of the day from a hilarious standpoint,
for although the initiation, presided over
by Camp No. 4 of California Argonauts,
was, not foolish and rough and really pos
sessed ritualistic merit, it was more in
the nature- of a big lark than anything
else.
No play day could have opened with
brighter prospects, and no more perfect
day for the events of the i.xonterey pro
gramme could have been found. The
journey over to Monterey, through green
fields of grain and grass and between
hills, the sides of which were completely
covered by gorgeous carpets of yellow
and blue blossoms with their background
of green foliage, the final debarkation In
the sweet salt air of Monterey Bay, the
blue of the waters of the bay and the
deep boom of its surf, the diverse and
beautiful scenery of the famous cypress
drive, the well-kept gardens of Hotel del
Monte, and finally the return to Salinas
when twilight was merging into moon
light—all combined to make a panorama
of beauty of the outside world that those
among the Native Sons who have an ar
tistic strain in their make-up will never
forget.
Of course this trip was notable in other
respects as well as that of its beauty,
and was one of unusual significance and
importance to the order. Since so much
of the secret ritual of the organization
relates to the town and county of Monte
rey, its people, places and events of early
days— the order having been built upon
the foundation laid by the early history
of the commonwealth of California, and
that before it became a commonwealth, a
great part of which was made in and
about old Monterey— the place was con
sidered with more than usual interest.
Many of the delegates, to-day visited
Monterey for the first time, and all eyes
and ears were wide open and every brain
was thirsty for the information the cor
dial entertainers were delighted to give.
Especial interest was shown in the old
custom-house, over which Commodore
Sloat raised the first American flag ever
flung to the California breezes; Colton
Hah, in which sat the convention that
drafted and signed the constitution of the
State of California, and Fort Halleck," on
the Government reservation, where fig
ured in bygone days Ord, Eialleck, Stev
enson, Fremont and other soldier heroes
of the nation.
The splendid domains of the Pacific
Improvement Company, Hotel del Monte
and the seventeen-mile drive, came in for
their share of attention, but with a lesser
degree of interest than that occasioned
by the historic old Spanish capital.
The story of General Shermans little
sweetheart and th. rose tree that Ger
trude Atherton's "La Tulita" has made
so celebrated was retold many times dur
ing the day.
The natives, 500 of them,, left here at 9
o'clock this morning by special train, ac
companied by the Fifth Regiment Band
of San Jose. The journey to the old cap
ital was chiefly notable for . the large
amount of electioneering that was ac
complished by the various candidates for
grand offices, or their managers. The
Byington-Hawkins contest occasioned
much animated talk, and all' the. two
score candidates for grand trusteeships
were discussed with the utmost freedom,
regardless of their presence.
It is now nearly certain that Frank (or
"Pop," as he is called, because he is the
oldest member of the order) Sabichi will
ixdless of their presence.
is now nearly certain that Frank (or
p," as lie is called, because he is the
st member of the order) Sabichi will
have the test of the light with D. W.
Edelman of Los Angeles. McLaughlin of
Quincy Parlor, San Francisco, has re
tired in favor of C. D. Dunbar of Santa
Rosa, whom he will nominate when the
time conies. A new candidate for a grand
trusteeship has arisen in the person of
Saul Magner of Bay City Parlor, San
Francisco. His chances seem to.be
slightly dubious now, but may brighten
later. Some other recently announced can
didates for grand trusteeships are Edward
McCabe of Watsonville and Rod W.
Church and Barnett of Alameda. Judge
Dooling of Hollister is one of the few who
are considered almost certain winners.
Arriving at Monterey, the Natives were
met by a reception committee headed by
Mayor R. F. Johnson the Natives were
by a reception committee headed by
or R. F. Johnson and consisting of
Harry R. Greene, A. Gunzendorfer, A.
Westfall, F. M. Hilby, J. Lachman, Ed
ward Ingram and Charles R. Few.
Headed by the Monterey City band, the
delegates and their entertainers were es
corted through the streets of the old
town to Bagley's Opera-house. The
streets were bright with Native Sons'
colors and red, white and blue bunting,
':>right with Native Sons'
and red. white and blue bunting.
while many busines houses, as well as
private residences', were handsomely dec
orated with a profusion of lovely flowers.
Flags flew from every pole, and pennants,
among which the Bear flag showed promi
nently. fluttered everywhere. In its march
the body traversed two Presidential
streets Washington and Tyler), one Em
bassadorial (Franklin) and one guberna
torial (Alvarado), and as each street's
name was discovered the man for whom
it was named was heartily cheered.
Reaching the , opera-house, Harry
R. Greene, chairman of the committee
on arrangements, , and the man to whom
Greene, chairman of the committee
irrangements, and the man to whom
to-day's success was largely due, mount
ed the balcony in front of the building,
accompanied by Mayor Johnson. The
Fifth Regiment band played an inspiring
introductory and then Mr. Greene intro
duced the Mayor with a few appropriate
words. Mayor Johnson, who is himself
a Native Son, formally welcomed the
Grand Parlor to Monterey and tendered
the freedom of the city to its members
and their friends. Mayor Johnson said:
Ladies and Gentlemen, Visiting .Native Sons
and I laughters: In the name of the city of
Monterey I extend to you the freedom of our
city and a most hearty welcome. We trust that
during your short stay you will enjoy your
selves. If there Is anything you see you want
don't ask for it; take It, for all Montereyans
feel you have good and sufficient claims to
our town. It was within a stone's throw of
this hall where the old pioneers convened the
first Legislature and framed the. first consti
tution, that to-day stands unchallenged and
recognize,] as one of the ablest papers In the
union. So go ahead and have a time as though
you owned the place. Between the hours if 11
a. m. and 2 r>. m. luncheon will be served Jn
this hall, and I hope you will all come and do
it justice/. ■ •'
The speech was greeted with three rous
ing cheers from the natives for their en
tertainers and for old Monterey, and after
pome very entertaining responses from
several of the natives the party entered
waiting vehicles to be driven through Pa
cific Grove and around the Cypress drive.
Every coach, drag, carriage and trap —
indeed, every available thing on wheels,
except a "wheel," from Monterey; Del
Monte and Pacific Grove— was called into
requisition to : accommodate the city's
guests, for there were, besides nearly 500
natives, almost half as many, ladies and
friends. A quick trip was made over sev
enteen miles of good road, no time being
allowed for loitering on the beaches to
piPk up pebbles or sea moss, for there
were many things to do and very limited
time allowed in which to do them.
On their return to Monterey, the party
repaired immediately to the opera-house
for luncheon. There it was received by
the following ladies with charming hos
pitality: Mesdames L. B. Josselyn. H. A.
Grene. F. M. Hilby, C. Tibbetts, W. Kil
patrick, M. Harris, . M. W. Wolter, C. R.
Few, J. A. Wolter, J. Harris, W. C.
Brown, J. L. D. Roberts, J. F. Moore, O.
F. Greely, W. W. James;- the Misses
Clark. Matilda and Amelia Bergschicker,
Crelbagby, Rose Harris, Hattie Bellamy,
Lottie Michaelis, Mamie Wolter. M. Pat
terson, Abbie and Mollle Whiteomb.
The luncheon menu was extremely
unique, being in every respect typical of
Monterey, both past and present. It con
sisted of abalone chowder, baked mussels
in shells, abalone esada, enchiladas, bapas
conchlli, tamales, mussel salad, empana
das and other dishes of Spanish cookery,'
completed by genuine Mexican dulces and
chocolate.
Out of compliment to the "natives the
tables were decorated almost entirely with
the California poppy (eschscholtzia) and
other Monterey wild flowers and ferns,
and certainly no more beautiful adorn
ment could have been found. When the
natives saw this they cheered , for the
loyal Monterey ladies. Various toasts
and speeches caused the time to pass rap
idly and the delegates were late getting
away from the table. •
, Going- to Colton Hall. California's first
capitol building, the delegates viewed the
dipapidated old building and inspected Its
rooms, and while assembled in the room
la which sat the body that drafted the
NATIVES OF SACRAMENTO WILL
HOLD FORTH ON DEWEY DAY
MISS EDNA JOHNSON, President of Califia
Parlor No. 22, Native Daughters of the
Golden West.
SACRAMENTO, April 2H.—Sacra
mento is all expectation over the
Dewey jubilee fete and floral car
nival, which will take place here
next Monday. The press of the
city and citizens in general are do
ing everything possible to promote
the sue, -ess of the event. The business
houses all will close, as well as all State,
county and city offices. The day is to be
given up entirely to the Native Sons and
Daughters.
Last evening closed the balloting for
May Queen, and the selection of Miss
Lottie Petrie to act in that capacity is a
popular one. She is the daughter of
William Petrie, a prominent business man
of this city. She was born and reared hi
Sacramento and is a member of Califla
Parlor No. 22, N. D. G. W. Miss Petrie
was busy to-day receiving the congratu
lations of her mam- friends and admirers.
Miss Petrie is an atractive demi-blonde
and of stately, carriage and good figure.
constitution of the State, of California I
they were told something of the history
of the place— how Alcalde Walter Colton
bought the foundation from a company
of Mormons who had designed it for a ]
Mormon temple; how he completed the ;
building and presented it to the city of j
Monterey for a municipal ball, and how. '
after it had fallen into disuse and decay,
Monterey citizens made strenuous efforts
to raise funds for its preservation, even
getting bills through both houses of the j
State Legislature at two different ses
sions, only to have them vetoed by Gov
ernors Markham and Gage.
H. A. Greene, who is especially enthusi
astic over the preservation of this most i
interesting monument to California pio
neers, told the story, and told it so well
that when he was through an impromptu
indignation meeting was held and the
natives resolved to bring the matter up
in the present Grand Parlor session and
see what could be done to relieve the
State of the disgrace of allowing Colton
Hall to bee,, me a rulil.
Twenty years ago Jules Tavernier, Jo
seph Strong, Yon Perbandt. Biers tad t,
Charles Rollo Peters and other artists*
who have since become famous made
Monterey their headquarters for sketch-
Ing and painting, and the Bohemian sa
loon, kept at that time by Sanchez Broth
ers, was their favorite resort. Here, in !
company with Robert Louis Stevenson,
Charles Warren Stoddanl. Daniel O'Con
nell and Bret Harte, they held their social
reunions. At odd times the artists dec
orated the walls, bar panels, doors, etc..
with paintings of rare beauty. Many of
them remain, and having been carefully
preserved are viewed and admired by vis
itors from all parts of the world.
This resort the Natives found especially
interesting, for many, of the men who
frequented it in limes past were com- I
rades and brother Natives of those who |
invaded it to-day.
After trudging up the hill to Fort Hal
lock and about town to other points of !
note, everybody went to the Del Monte I
Baths and enjoyed a refreshing plunge In I
the tanks or the surf. They then boarded
the train for the return to Salinas and
left Monterey as they had entered it,
cheering like mad for the birthplace of
California Statehood, its people and their
royal entertainment of to-day, and for
the Native Sons of the Golden West.-
Although a great amount of the Native
Sons' work has been done thus far dur
ing the week, a far greater amount must
yet be accomplished before the Grand
Parlor can adjourn. It is true the pro
gramme work has been virtually mapped
out until 1901 by the appointment of Santa
Cruz as the admission day celebration and
Oroville as the next place for the Grand
Parlor to meet, but the election of grand
officers has yet to occur. That will be
done to-morrow. There is. it is asserted
by those who profess to know, virtually
no contest for any of the offices except
those of grand orator and grand trus
tee.
It has been the custom ta give the en
tertaining parlor a trustee, but Zabala of
9be has blue eyes and a most amiable
manner.
Her costume was chosen this afternoon
and is to be a "perfect dream" of
Duchesse white satin, trimmed with
jewels, cut en train.
The Native Daughters are taking a
very prominent part in the arrangements
for the celebration. The following mem
bers of Califla Parlor are on the general
committee: Mrs. Emma Gett, Miss Edna
Johnson, Mlss Mary Woods, Miss Ella
McCleary. Mrs. Eva Nickell, Miss Hertie
Groth, Miss Mollie Johnson, Miss Jennie
Fay, Miss Belle Johnson, Miss lnie Gillis
ana Miss Ida Curtis.
Of these Mrs. Gett is assistant director
general. Miss Mollie Johnson Is secre
tary of the joint committee, ably assisted
by Miss lnie Gillis. Miss Edna Johnson
is president of Califia Parlor, and tilled
the position of chairman of the voting
contest committee. Miss Gillis is chair
man of the Maypole dance. Miss Groth
has charge of the special attractions.
Califla Parlor is a particularly favored
organization in Sacramento, and the fact
the local organization, on whom the'se
lection would fall, has waived l this privi
lege, an act which ft supposed to
strengthen the candidacy "of judge Pool
ing. To-morrow all grand officers will be
elected.
The parade which was to have taken
place on Tuesday will occurMn the morn
ing at 10 o'clock. Sheriff Farley of Mon
terey County has been chosen marshal of
the parade. His aids will be S. N.
Ma the w, F. ML Vierra, A. J. Zabala. F.
J. Griffin. J. O. Boronda and E. Alzina.
Ten thousand people are expected to be
in this city. Excursions will be run from
Monterey," Del Monte, Pacific Grove. Hol
lister. WatSOnviUe and Santa Cruz. All
fraternal and civic societies of this city,
aa well as several from other places, will
be present. There will be between twenty
and thirty floats in the parade. Eleven
hundred school children will be in line.
the girls all dressed in white, while
the boys will wear black uniforms.
Schools in the outlying districts will
parade, in the afternoon there will be a]
baseball game between the league teams
Of Santa Cruz and Watsonyille. The
Grand Parlor will hold sessions in the
morning and afternoon and at night all
delegates will be tendered a banquet by
Santa Lucia Parlor of Native Sons and
Aleli Parlor of Native Daughters at
Armory Hall.
The Argonauts, the Curly Bears and
the Crematories, all three in one and
about 100 in all. held sway in this
to-night after 10 o'clock. The meeting
proper was supposed lo be under the ,
auspices Of California Camp No. 4 of
Argonauts, but as a matter of fact all
three factions of the famous initiatory
degree teams from the Curly Bears helped
wonderfully to make life enjoyable, and
yet at times miserable for the numerous; |
Native Sons who were eligible to partake
of and undergo the hidden mysteries of
ritualistic work. The meeting itself took
place in Native Sons' Hall, and naturally
was strictly exclusive except to Argo
nauts. . .
\ large banner was stretched across
Main street this afternoon announcing
that the yearly meeting of the celebrated
order would occur to-night, during which
time there would be lively times for the
degree teams and after which the annual
banquet would occupy the balance of the
night.
E. H. Folsom. manager of the Argo
nauts' degree team, had his men at work
early in the evening so as to have every
feature go off like clockwork.
W. D. Hobro Jr., the casarcasimotor of
the Argonauts, arrived on this evening's
train in order to properly attend to the
ceremonies which commenced after the
Grand Parlor session had closed.
The initiatory team is composed of the
following brothers: I. A. Bernard, O. L.
Blackmail, James P. Dockery. Al Davis, ]
E. H. Folsom, Eugene Gauthier Jr., I
Emile Gauthier, A. F. Holmberg, B. F.
Hanlon. J. J. Jamison. Romberg Jamsen,
E. C. Laws, James O'Dwyer, Frank B.
Ryan, W. D. Shea, J. B. Stovall.
that so many of its prominent members
are interested in the Dewey day festival
has in a great measure brought about the
unqualified success of the celebration that
is now assured. The committees assigned
to the Native Daughters are important
ones, and they are working unceasingly
from morning until night in preparations
incident to stich an undertaking.
The joint committee met this evening,
at which time final arrangements were
made. To-morrow one of the most at
tractive programmes ever arranged in
this section of the State will be an
nounced. Now that interest is so great
many additional attractions are being
added to the original plans of the commit
tee.
Of the Native Sons of the general com
mittee it can be said they are all promi
nent in the order. J. T. Skelton Jr. past
president of Sunset Parlor, is chairman-
C. I). Crowell of Sacramento Parlor vice
chairman; County Auditor Rich T Cohn
is director general, and as such is in
charge of all matters pertaining to the
concessions at the park.
The Grand Parlor convened at 8:30
0 Clock to-night. Past Grand President
John T. Greany announced the receipt or
a telegram from the director of the Mint
at Washington announcing that the San
Francisco Mint would make medals if
material and dies were supplied for all
returning California volunteers '
DR. VANCE DENOUNCES
AWFUL MOB VIOLENCE
Declares That the Lynching Horror
at Newnan Was a Disgrace
to the South.
ATLANTA, Ga.\ April 25.-At the ninth
International (fourteenth national) Sun
day School Congress to-night there was
a reference to. the Newnan affair. Dr.
Vance of Nashville, who spoke for* the
South in response to welcoming ad
dresses, said:
As I stand here to-night, a Southerner, speak
ing for my section and addressing an audience
trom all sections, there is one foul blot upun
the fair name of the South, at the bare mention
pi which the heart turns sick and the cheek
is crimsoned with shame. I want to lift my
voice to-night in loud and long indignant pro
test ugainst the awful horror of mob violence
which the other day reached the climax of Its
madness and Infamy in a deed as black and
brutal and barbarous as -can be found in all
the annals of human crime.
I have a right to speak on this subject and I
propose to be heard. The time has come for
every lover of the South to set the might of an
angered and resolute manhood against the
Shame ana peril of the lynch t'emon These
people whose fiendish glee taunts their victim
as his flesh crackles in the flames do not repre
sent the South— they slander the South I have
not a fit apology for the sickening actions For
one I dare to believe the people of mv section
are able to cope with them, however treacher
ous and defiant, through the courts of justice
and I plead for the masterful sway of a.
righteous and exalted public "Sentiment that
shall class lynch law in the category with the
crime.
MAY NOT FAVOR PEACE.
Statement of Japanese Delegates to
the Peace Conference.
VANOOrVER. a C. April 26. -Colonel
Uyehara, Captain Sakamo and N. Ariga,
delegates on behalf of Japan to the peace
conference at The Ha^ue, were inter
viewed here to-day.
"It is by no means a foregone conclu
sion that we will advocate universal
peace," said N. Ariga. "It seems that we
are living in martial times. Great issues
are at stake, particularly in the Orient,
and the Japanese Emperor would not at
this critical stage wish to give voice to
any sentiment through which he might
afterward embarrass himself. "
STALE EGGS FOR
ERRING PASTOR
Dunkards Drive Out an
Offender.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POMONA, April 26.— Another chapter
in the scandal in the Dunkard colony
at Lordsburg developed last night.
Three weeks ago Celia Overholtzer, the
handsome, blue-eyed daughter of S. A.
Overholtzer, arose in a crowded meet
ing at the Dunkard church at Lords
burg and openly confessed her intimacy
of several years' standing with Rev. E.
A. Miller, pastor of the church and
head of the Dunkard College at Lords
bur.;;. Rev. Mr. Miller denied the ac
cusations and called for an immediate
trial. When the vote upon his case
was taken he was found guilty by 97
per cent of the ballots cast. He was
thereupon expelled and the next day
he and his family removed to Los An
geles. The Dunkards resolved never
more to mention Miller's name nor to
refer to his and Celia Overholtzer's
shame.
Last night a regular meeting for
prayer and praise took place in the
Dunkard church. The meeting had just
begun when Rev. Mr. Miller and Abra
ham Zug, who is a sympathizer of the
fallen preacher, walked in. When the
prayers were finished Rev. Mr. Miller
rose and the congregation thought he
was going to confess his sin and ask
forgiveness. Instead he asked for a
new trial, claiming he had been
wronged. He said Miss Overholtzer had
prevaricated to make her brother his
(Miller's) successor in the college presi
dency.
Immediately there was an uproar.
The solemn-faced Dunkard brothers
arose by dozens and denounced their
ex-pastor. Some pounded th<> seats In
front of them and excitedly demanded
that Miller get out. Even the usually
demure sisters shook their fists and
screamed at Miller. No one could be
heard in the din of voices.
Several brothers seized Miller and
hurried him into ' a side room, while
several white-haired Dunkards tried to
call the congregation to order. Then
pome one moved that Miller be put out
of the holy edifice altogether, and the
assemblage shouted in approval. A
half dozen brothers laid hold of Miller.
He resisted with all his might, and
while he vainly fought his ejectors and
struggled to be free he was forcibly put
out of the building.
On the outside of the church a band
of Dunkard youths lay in wait for Mil
ler, and he had no sooner been hauled
down to the front door than a storm
of old eggs and rotten vegetables came
full and fair upon him. He turned and
ran. The boys, with hands full of eees
and other missiles, followed, yelling and
pt King him at every step.
It was moonlight and the attackers
had a clear mark. The pastor ran to.
a horse and buggy near the church.
and when he climbed Into his vehicle
his long black coat was a mass of eec
stains. In a second the horse was
whipped up, and amid the yells and
catcalls of the boys he drove down the
road and out into the country. where
he spout last night at the home of
Abraham Zug.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Bids for Masonry Work on Postoffic©
Building to Be Opened.
WASHINGTON. April 26.— The Super
vising Architect of the Treasury to-day
announced that the bids for masonry
work on the San Francisco Postoffico
building which were rejected on Saturday
will be reopened on May 27. The Treas
ury Department will not accept the bid
for the site on Oakland boulevard until
bids en all other public buildings on the
Pacific Coast are sent in. An agent will
then be sent to investigate all sites of
fered on the Pacific Coast.
A Postofflce was to-day established at
Glamis. San Diego County, Cal., and Ed
win Hayes was appointed Postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Edward W. Cole,
San Miguel, $6. Renewal— John G. Roul
son, National City. San Diego. $6. In
crease — Magnus J. M. Schow. San Fran
cisco, $6 to $12. Mexican War widow-
Ella Watson Mizner. Yountvilll, $8.
Oregon: Increase — Philetus \\>ek3.
Rock wood. $6 to $10. Reissue— Joseph
Evan Pugh. Gaston, $8.
Washington: Increase — De Wilton R.
French, South Bend, $fi to $8. Increase-
Richard Armstrong, Thornton, $8 to $12.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"AT SLOANE'S."
CLEARANCE SALE
—
Carpets, Drapery Fabrics, Furni-
ture Coverings, Lace Curtains,
Portieres, Etc., at Greatly Re-
. duced Prices.
- • • •
IMPORTANT TO HOUSEKEEPERS,
Special for Thursday Only
BLANKETS, SHEETS
and COMFORTERS AT
Absolute Mill Cost.
FOR EXAMPLES
We Offer High-Grade 1 Blankets-
Size 56 inches by 76 inches.. .s3.oo per pair
64 " by 78 " ... 3.75 " "
70 "/ by 80 " ... 4.50 " "
. 74 •' by 84 " ... 5.25 " "
TERMS FOR THURSDAY SPECIALS
STRICTLY CASH.
"'• -- ■ ■ . '
W.&J.SLOANE&CO,,
Carpets— Upholstery— Furniture,
641, 643, 645, 647 Market St.,
San Francisco.
SWEET «»■ /*«v
RESTFUL wwdbur/'s mM
SLEEP Facial Soap "l^j^
Follows a bath with WOODBURT'S Facial
Soap, and the /ace. neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. Fo^^i.
everywhere.
34
SUCCESSOR OF
S. U. STEMMAN
IS APPOINTED
Hanchette Gets Sacra
mento Depot Plum.
GOSSIP OVER THE CHANGE
EX-MAYOR IS NOT RATED AS A
SMOOTH WORKER.
An Awkward Blunder in the Sen
atorial Campaign Cost Him
His Profitable
Job.
Ber. I*. Pte':imnn, who has enjoyed for
ver j I profitable
mento
■:t :i;;il bar, will iio
1 on the Ist of July next by
•■p. This announcement
Sacra mento and
create * •' ' mment throughout the
■ rs of the Bouth
if this
BEN U. STEINMAN
city no reason is assigned for the change 1
beyond the statement made by Manager ,
Fillmore thai Mr." Steinman had given :
notice of an intention to resign. It was
also stated by Mr. Fillmore that Mr. Han
chette would be appointed to succeed Mr.
Steinman.
Resignation is. indeed, one of the rarest
of Christian virtues, and it is hardly to
be credited that Mr. Steinman decided
to practice It without a suggestion from
the railroad powers that his resignation
would be acceptable. Steinman is a good
caterer, In Sacramento lie possesses cer
tain popularity. So popular, indeed, was
he that at one time he was elected Mayor
of the town. So far ;;s known, no com
plaints have been lodged against him for
the manner In which he conducted the
restaurant and bar. The traveling pub
lic did not kick against the steaks. The
whisky sold at- the bar was never re
viled. The -Hnen of the hotel was not
criticized by the" health authorities of
Sacramento, and yet something happened
which suggested to the Southern Pacific
management that a change was desira
ble.
It Is the opinion of the politicians— the
old stagers who have studied the ways
and devices of the Southern Pacific Com
any—thai Steinman was not smooth in
Soing politics. The talk goes that he
made, a bad break when he proposed to
eliminate General Barnes from the Sena
torial contest in order to uphold the fail-
Ing fortunes of D. M. Burns. The abrupt
manner in which the hotel manager ap
proached the genera] was not commend
ed. Tflere was no tact or polish in the
proceeding. He '■displayed none of the
qualities of a smooth worker. . : .
Perhaps C. P. Huntingdon was willing
to overlook or condone Borne of the awk
ward features of the transaption, but he
is not the kind of a man to forgive an em
ploye for proposing to settle a matter by
drawing a check for the payment of
money. It is asserted on the best of j
authority that Steinman proposed to im
mediately draw a check on his own bank
to reimburse General Barnes for ex- :
penses and loss of business growing out
of the Senatorial contest. ■ There is no
proof that Steinman endeavored to obtain
the result desired by smooth talk and
flowery promises of future favor. The.
company which Mr. Steinman was sup- I
posed to represent In the transaction at 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■Wl\\\\\\\wfii\\\fS?^ rSL v*i
From
J. J. MEDER & ZOON,
SCHIEDAM, HOLLAND.
« CHARLES MEIN'ECKE ft CO.,
Agents Pacific Coast, 314 Sacramento Street,
. Ban Francisco. Cal. •
;■■•<. ■ ' • ' •■'■■. •
{ Sacramento would rather deal with a
! thousand smooth promises than take one
i chance of being called upon to explain a
' negotiation wherein a check to pay money
COtlld I>■ illl !"c ■> 1 U i L ■ il.
Again, as the story goes, Bteinman lost
| his presence of mind and referred to Her
i rin in a manner which implied that Her
rin was advised of the purpose of the
i \ -Mayor's mission. According to the
a of tlie corporation that break was
raw and unpardoi>iMe. The letters which
that charming lettervwriter, C. P. Hunt
■ to the late Colonel t'olton
, ti a few lucaks— little bit? of in
discretion—but it must be kept in mind
that he was yqung when he wrote so
i frankly. Steinman cannot plead youth or
Inexperience. He simply blundered and
proposed In an offhand manner to spend
with tlif recklessness of a drunken
Bailor to get Barnes out of the tight and
to li rd of the disbursement.
dofcbi Mr. Huntlngton is chagrined.
■ Ho was assuring intimate friends in New
Y.rk that I». M. Burns would be chosen
tor, and while he was giving this
Merrin and Steinman at this
. line were showing clumsy
hands at every turn of the Senatorial con
test As an outcome of all the blunder
ing Steinman must give up the hotel. Tt
may be some consolation to his friends
that'?!?' retires rich in worldly goods, if
he is not respected as a smooth worker.
Herein still holds his job In t"he law de
partment and is daily summoning wit
nesses to convince Mr. Huntington that
iderful fight was made by the com
lect Dan Hums to the Senate.
Mr. Hanchette, who is nominated to
succeed Steinman. belongs to the well
known Hanchette family of San Jose. He
is a brother-in-law of George Crocker and
Colonel J. B. Wright.
WANTED, TWELVE DELEGATES.
California to x»e Represented at tae
Trans-Mississippi Congress.
A few weeks ago the executive officers
of the Trans-Mississippi Commercial Con
gress that is to convene in May sent to
the locaJ Chamber of Commerce a re
quest that the body assist in the distribu
tion of invitations. A special invitation
was to be sent to the Governor to be in
attendance in person and to appoint
twelve delegates to represent the State at
large. To the last the Governor's execu
tive secretary, W. H. Davis, yesterday
sent the following to Secretary Scott of
the Chamber: •
I am directed by Governor Cla^e. in response
to the invitation to appoint delegates to ■ . pre
sent this State at the Trans-Mississippi Com
mercial Congress, to -.■>. that he would be
pleased to receive from the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce a list of twelve names
which your body would be pleased to recom
racml to him for appointment as delegates. I
wish to direct your attention to the fact that
these commission!", if issued, will be purely
honorary, and that the law nowhere provides
for the payment of the expenses of the dele
gates, but that the same must be borne by the
delegates themselves, with no expense what
ever entailed upon the State.
Mr. Scott states that the Chamber will
not be able to provide for the expenses-,
and it is the wish of the officers of that
body that any well known merchants go-
Ing to the congress should represent the
State and Chamber.
■ ♦ ■
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkln.'
SUPERVISORS INSPECT
ROCK-CRUSHING PLANT
VISIT GRAY BROS.' QUARRY AT
TWIN PEAKS.
Vain Protest Against the Payment of
Money for the Repaying of
Market Street.
A majority of the members of the Board
of Supervisors spent yesterday afternoon
on a tour of inspection through the Mis
sion district, the initial objective being
an inspection of Gray Bros.' quarry arid
;<.ok-rru.shing plant on Army street.
Several protests have been received from
Bom< "f the residents near the quarry to
the effect that the blasting done there
endangers life .and property in the neigh
borhood and also that the dust from the
rock-crushing plant is so excessive as to i
In a nuisance and a serious menace to '
health.
it developed that many of the people
living near the quarry have made no com
plaint and do not wish to make any as
re desirous that the rock should be
removed, because the vaiue of their prop
erty would thus be enhanced. Gray Bros.
declared their intention to erect a high
chimney over the rock-crusher to carry
the dust off and thus abate in a measure
the alleged nuisance.
rrlor to the tour of Inspection the Li
cense' Committee of the board held a
meeting and transacted routine business.
The meeting of the Persona] Property
Assessments Committee was not held yes
terday as contemplated.
Auditor Wells has received a protest i
from E. P. Gray against the payment to I
the city Street Improvement Company of
the second installment of $19,750 due on i
the contract for repavlng «iarket street i
from Sixth to Van Ness avenue, the di -
mand for which has been approved by the
board.
Auditor Weils will ignore the protest
and pay the demand, on the advice of his
attorney.
If your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. Murphy. 630 Market. •
To Address the Children.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union is arranging for :l grand rally to be
held in this city on May 14, when Miss
Anna Gordon, who is the superintendent
of the children's work of the union, will
deliver an address to the children of this
city on temperance work. The local mem
bers of the union who have the matter in
charge and who are endeavoring- to raise
funds for the celebration are: Mrs. K. 1,
Mr< rac-ken, Mrs. S. B. McCoy, Mrs. L \V
Kerrigan and Mrs. William Helblnr. This
committee hopes to secure the Mechanics'
Pavilion for the imrpo.se of holding the
rally in, and they are confident that Miss
Gordon will be accorded a hearty wel
come.
• ♦ .
Advancee made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Is'oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
CATULUS DONE
WITH RACING
FOR ALL TIME
Promising Youngster
Broke His Leg.
THREW REIFF AND RAN AWAY
THREE FAVORITES IN FRONT AT
OAKLAND TRACK.
Pat Murphy Comes to the Front
Again — Imperious Enjoyed a Gal
lop—Casdale Turned a Flip
flap—Sly Won.
There was fierce betting on a sure
enough "dead one' 'at Oakland track yes
terday. Among the many plunges in
dulged in during the afternoon by the
crowd was one on Duke Wishard's Catu
lus, one of the starters in the two-year
old scramble. So good a thing was it sup
posed, that from 7 to 5 the odds fell to 9
to 10. Flamora and Kitty Kelly were al
most forgotten in the rush to. get aboard.
During the perambulations of the field
while at the post Catulus broke through
the barrier, and, unseating little Reiff,
started off on a mad run that finally re
sulted in his death. The saddle slipped
back, and the dangling stirrups only
served to craze the colt. After making
a circuit and a half of the course he
jumped the outside fence near the club
house, but came to grief at another fence
near the Burns & Waterhouse stable,
breaking one of his forelegs in a fright
ful manner. A bullet ended his misery,
and when the result was made known to
the Judges the bell was rung to start the
field without him. It was a hardship on
hundreds of bettors, but the racing rules I
permitted of no recourse. After being
played to 3 to 5, Kitty Kelly tired at the
paddock and dropped back. Flamora win- j
ning by a head from Armistice, a 30 to i
1 shot.
The track was very muddy, resulting in
three of the favorites meeting with de
feat.
Pidalia. a daughter of imp. Idalium and
Piquante. captured the three and a half
furlong spin for two-year-olds, starting
second choice. Moana, owned by Barney
Schreiber and also a daughter of Idalium,
closed a slight favorite, but Jones put I
up a miserable ride and was beaten out |
three lengths.
The roan horse Pat Murphy received
most of the patronage bestowed by tlit*
"push " in the sprint that followed, and
Bullman landed him winner over De
fender by a length. The latter horse was
a 20 to 1 chance in the ring, and with
equal riders in the saddle could have won.
Major Cook finished in the show.
Dr. Rowell finds nothing but presents on
the Christmas tree for his horses these
days. In the mile and a sixteenth run
Imperious fell into a ridiculously soft
spot, winning in three big splashes at
odds of 1 to 4. Robert Bonner followed
him in, ten Lengths in advance of Whule
back i>,r the place. Half a mile away
tan:.- Alvin E.
Only the day previous Casdale started
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, April 26, 1899.— Eightieth
day of the winter meeting of the California jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track very heavy.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
lf\*i.A FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-old fillies;
IV/O-T* purse, $300. ■ . ■' ■
I
I Betting.
Op. ''!.
Index. Horse.
Weight. |St. -
Vim.
Vim.'
"«m.
Str.
1007 Pidalla 105 3
EST Moana 105 1
860 Pythla 115 4
993 Halifax 115 2
1016 Honor Bright 115 7
1012 Rose of Hllo 105 6
848 < ".and, US 5
.4 2
3 14
2 1
1 3
6 4
7
.'. 4
3 2
4 6
2 1
1 3
5 10
6
1 3 [Coburn , 5-2 11-5
2 2 1-7. Jones S-5 2
3 14 H. Shields.... 8 7
4 6 Ruiz 7 12
5 4 [Bullman 6 9
6 (Jenkins I 3 7
7 [Romero ....... | 50 30
Time-3-16, :19"i; 7-16, :46U. Winner, Murphy & Ryan's blk. f. by Imp. ldallum-Plquaute.
Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. .-. •'
Pidalla finished strong. Moana badly ridden. Pythia is improving. Rose of Hllo threw
her rider and ran away a quarter before the Mart.
|AOff SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
I ' j : . I Betting,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. *Am. \m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op. CI.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
'im.
4m.
"■im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
873 Pat Murphy, a 106 2
836 Defender. 5 106 1
986 Major Cook, a 106 5
939 Durward, 4 106 6
I .- Bueno, a 106 9
1011 The Last, 4 101 7
1009 Benroe, 4 109 10
M] Don Gara, 6 112 12
1011 Colonial Dame, 4..-.1 "
1011 Roulette Wheel. 4... 101 4
998 Brown Prince, 4 .....103 11
• ... Shellac, 4 101 8
1010 Little T G, 4 101 ',1
657 Uncle True, 4 107 13
...
...
2 3
1 2
3 1
10 Vi
9 h
4 Vi
• 11
8 Vi
12 1
_ 4
6 h
1 Vi
13
14
2 2
1 4
3 4
6 1
9 1
4 4
10
7 4
8 ',
5 1
11
12
13
14
1 1
2 h
I 1
4 4
5 4
6 4
- 4
8 Vi
9 1
10
11
11
13
14
Bullman i
Basslnger .... |
Devln j
Frawley ,
Ruiz j
Gray
Romero
Glover
E. Jones
Jenkins
W. Stewart... I
Stewart j
3 12-5
10 20
8 20
17 LOO
6 15
5 30
15 15
3 13-5
4 7
4 10
6 7
50 15
30 100
20- 60
Sperry
|Hahn j
Time— To V4.-*S2"4; to 4, :4SVi; last "i, 1:0.'; short %, 1:16. Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s
m. g. by imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie R. Good start. Won first three driving.
Don Gara could have walked in. Play him next time. His showing to-day fooled no-
body. Defender Is shaping up again. Cook ran well in different colors. ■' ■ ■ -.ytfy
Scratched— Paul Kruger 106. -■-;:-:. :
_"iOO THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Weight.
Vim.
»im.
Str.
Betting.'
Op. CI.
Index. ' Horse.
(1012) Flamora 115 3 ... 32 2h 24 lh Bullman
1000 Armistice 108 5 ... 5 4 3 410 2 3 Thorpe
952 Kitty Kelly 115 2 ... Ih 11 12 3 2 1 ' Jenkins
,1029 Tom ShaVkey 93 1 ... 214 3 3 3 4 4 5 [Gray
1012 The Scot 100 4 ... 4 h 5 5 6 Kellas
1016 Surfeit 100 ! • " Ruiz
1000 Catulus.. 96 t ••■ ' ••• ■ IX. Relff
•Left. tExcused.
Time— Vi, : J ** Vi ; %, '37%; %. 1:06%. Winner, E. W. Purser's eh. f. by Flambea.
Lewis. Good start except Surfeit. Won first three driving.
Flamora displayed great gameness. Armistice is a big husky fellow and fast. Xi
stopped last hundred yards. Catulus threw his rider, ran away and breaking a
destroyed. '. ' - '-. - .'*.'■'■ - x - *
3
5
'2
I 1
i
it
■■:::
3 2
5
1 h
2 14
4 h
2 h
4 3
1 1
3 3
5
2 4
4 10
1 2
3 4
5
1 h
2 3
3 24
4 5
5
jßullman
!>»• ■
Thorpe |
Jenkins
[Gray !
lrr_n
Kellas 1
Ruiz
J. Relff
2 11-5
12 30
2 3-5
25 20
100 200
60 75
7-5 6-5
t-Fannle
ty Kelly
leg was
IAQ7 FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three"-year-olds and up-
-1"U"0 C • ward; purse, $400.
" I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std. "4m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(1027) Imperious, 4 .106 1 13 13 134 14 16 14 lE. Jones ! 2-5 1-4
1027 Robert Bonner. 5.102 « 21 34 24 26 23 210 Jenkins 4 6
996 Whaleback. 3 86 7 64 58 43 31 315 310 J. Relff 6 12
1020 Alvin E, 5 102 44 62 510 520 520 43 Basslnger .... 100 150
1031 Faversham. 3 86 1 232 2h 34 48 44 520 Coburn 20 50
253 Eureka, a 107 6 64 4h 64 63 62 61 Hahn 100 200
999 Stone L, 3 83 5 7 7.7 7' 7 7 Perslco 100 150
1018 Roadrunner, a 105 * — .:. ... Gray 10 20
•Left.
Tlme-1-16, :07; 5-16. :32*i: 9-16, :59; 13-16, 1:26; mile. 1:474: 1 1-16rrt. 1:84*4. Winner. Dr.
IT. E. Rowell's b. g. by Morello-Helen Scratch. Good start except Roadrunner. Won un-
der a pull. Second and third driving.
A gallop for the winner. Others outclassed.
V ; ; ; , — — —
lAOO FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Vim.
"im.
Str.
Fin.
I : Jockeys.
Bullman
1031 Casdale 1
(999) Yaruba 1
97,8 Ach I
849 Nora Ives 1'
092 Guatemoc l'
994 Limewater li
999 Gold Baron 1'
1008 Royal Fan .1'
I:
3
2
4
I
8,
_
jj
6 10
1 i...
2 4
3 1
5 4
7 4
4 h
8
33
28
1 4
4 4
52
73
6 10
8
• ••
1 3
2 4
3 4
4 3
5 h
. 66
7 6
8
[Glover
Plggott
W. Narvaez..
Jenkins
W-
-3 8-5
10 8
2 16-5
15 15
15 20
2 6-2
30 60
15 30
Holmes
Ruiz
I Hal Brown. . .
' Time— Vi, :26; 4. :52*i: %, 1:20. Winner, W. M. Murry's br. c. by Faverdale-Castalia,
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. --.•:■• -y--
Casdale cooled out wonderfully well after his rare of the preceding day. Bullman saved
an acre of ground at stretch turn. Ach should have won. Plggott went the overland
Limewater had no speed.
Scratched— The Fretter 122, Elizabeth R 111, Judge Wofford 107.
IfjOft SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Km.
Vim.
y«m.
Str.
Fin.
1022 Sly. 6 107 2 ... 3 2 12 13 13 Bullman 2 13-5
1017 Heigh Ho. 4 101 1 ■ ... • lh 3 3 2 2 2 h J. Reiff..., ... 2 8-5
1017 Horatio, 6 109 5 ... 4Vi 6 2 32 3 8 Loulller. X ■ 20
(804) Toclbio. 4 106 4 ... 810 4 4 4 8 4 6 Ruiz 10 9
H01.*., Bliss Booker, 4.....107 7 ... 5 2 2 2 6 1 5 h W. Narvaez.. 50 20
994 Etta H. 5..... 110 3 ... 2 4 64 53 6 , Jenkins . 2*5-2
999 Homestake, 5 - 104 6 ... 7 2 720 720 720 W See " '60 100
765 Torsion. 6 111! ... 8 8 ■ .8 8 [Glover W^W 30 60
Time-To Vi. :22: to 4. :47; last % 1:05; short %, 1:15. Winner, Lassen Stable's b m
by Raclne-Aurella 11. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Sly is a wonder. If a poor man owned her he could be digging potatoes for a living
now. Heigh Ho ran his race. Horatio ran well. Jenkins, on Etta 11, made a grand botch
of It.
„™ at . cl ß ,& ardo 106 ' Gov. Sheehan 109, Dick Behan 109, Widow Jones 107, Jim Brownell
106, Montallade 106. ■ ., ' .
2
1
5
4
7
3
6
■_*
82
1 h
4 4
8 10
52
2 4
7 2
_8
1 2
3 3
6 2
. 4 M
2 2
6 -1
7 20
8 . ■
1 3
2 2
3 2
4 8
6 1
5 3
7 20
___*
13 Bullman
2 h J. Reiff.......
3 8 ILoulller
4 6 Ruiz
6 h IW. Narvaez..
6 4 Jenkins .......
7 20 |W. See..
8 IGlover
2 13-5
2 8-5
X • 20
10 9
50 20
2 ' 5-2
'60 100
30 60
in a. race, but his stable did not like him.
Yesterday when the. fifth ■'■ event r was
called the colt' came out bedecked in
feathers and war paint, with a retinue of
stable followers' proclaiming him a "lead
pipe." Backed from threes to 8 to 5 fa
voritism, the three-year-old won romp
ing from Yaruba. with Ach a fair third.
Slippery, stealthy, slimy Sly, the no
madic daughter of Racine, captured the
concluding number, a dash over the Fu
turity course. She backed up in the bet
ting, and then won all the way, beating
the favorite. Heigh Ho, just a quarter of
a dozen lengths.
Track Notes.
Imperious was bid up to $1000 by Louis
Ezell, owner of Robert Bonner, which
finished second in the race. The gelding
was entered to be sold for $300, and was
retained by his owner, Dr. Rowell.
Under Western Turf Congress rules, all
bets would undoubtedly, have been de
clared off, after Catulus had run away.
The California Jockey Club, however, is
racing under a revised set. of rules for
mulated by the New York Jockey Club,
which make no provisions for accidents
that may happen at the post. The horses
are in the hands of the starter, accord
ing to their wording, and there all argu
ment ceases. While they do not permit
of bets being declared off in case of a
casualty at the post, a horse deemed un
fit to start by the officials in the stand
can be ordered scratched, and the other
starters in the race" ordered back to the
paddock.
Bullman has again struck winning form.
Four of the first horses were piloted by
the Montana boy.
To-Day Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds.
986 Sidelong 119 1 977 Sylvan La 55. ...107
999 Noma ....: 107 1 986 Purnlah 100
699 Hannah Reid. ..107 978 Judge Woffqrd.ll4
103S Gold Baron 109 1088 Guatemoc .' 109
999 San Augustine. ll4 992 Florence Fink.. lo7
992 Pallucus 112 999 Pompino 109
977 Fortls 109 (1031) Maud Fergusonll7
408 Baby King 109 999 Saintly 119
Second Race— Four furlongs; two- year-olds;
purse. :"." : -. r~
1016 Nettie Clark.... 10S 856 Klckumbob ....108
... Abeolo 108 993 Mies Vera 108
Eolo-Abtole F. (10O4)'Esto C 110
(1029)Galene 110 1 ' ... Miss Madeline. 10$
... S. DannenbaumlOS Rio Bravo-Cinderella.
980 Belle of P. A... 951 1007 Wlnyah 115
1016 Juletto .1081 1004 'Bogus Bill 11l
•Entry.
Third Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and. upward.
• 951 Midas 1141 1039 Torsion 11l
1022 N'ovia 10« 1031 Lothian .-. 106 !
926 Oahu 106 < 948 Montallade 121
992 Peach Blossom. lo4 j 1031 Genua 104
, 902 Madrone 11l 1032 Tempo 11l
(9.72) Miss Marion.... 104
Fourth Race— The McLaughlln Selling Stakes;
$1250; one and a sixteenth miles; four-year-olds
and upward.
979 »Ad Spreekels.llll (911)Rey del Tierra.ll4
971 'Hugh Penny.. 99 (1023)Rosinante 97
(1025)Sat8uma 104 (1022)J0e Ullman 96
1033 Eddie J0ne5.... 107 1
Fifth Raco— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds.
(861) Con Dalton 104 971 Espionage 98
1031 Jennie Reid.... 98 996 Humidity 108
1033 Wing 98 881 Jerry Hunt 105
Sixth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; handicap.
1032 Ringmaster .... S7I (996) Malay 96
(1032) New Moon 98 1 1032 Marplot 94
1025 Lost Girl 1051
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Ferguson, Hannah Reid,
Xoma.
Second Race— Galene. Belle of Palo Alto, Sam
Dannenbaum. -
Third Race— Miss Marion. Madrone, Torsion.
Fourth Race— Satsuma, Corrigan stable.
Fifth Race— Espionage, Jerry Hunt, Con Dal-, !
ton.
Sixth Race— Malay, New Moon. Marplot.
The best self-playing music box is the ,
"Olympia," sold at Mauvais', 769 Market.* ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- :
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- i
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue !
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. • Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient llvei
In ■an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to tha
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably Increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York.- writes: . •"I
entirely approve of all you are doing: and pre-
d^t great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES. '
I Im- Not Im-I
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total. .
Ist Stage.. »4 29 S • M
Id Stag*.. 36 11 22 » 3$
3d Stage.. 30 I 12 U 30
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germiclal Inhalation treatment for I
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced t
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Tha
Sanatorium Is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The — over 100 In
number— are cheerful. Bunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, nlns
miles from Ixis Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawri tennis court, croquet grounds - j
.re free for use of patients. Fuller particu- !
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views or the Sanatorium and surroundings ana
our methods of treatment, will be mailed fret
on application. .
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
4 What You
Need
whether convalescing or
simply run down from
overwork, or other cause,
is the right kind of tonic
to build up and make
is the right kind. A malt extract that
for strength producing elements has
no equal. Nourishes the blood and
tones up the system. Non-intoxicant.
All druggists.
Awarded Highest Honors at Trans-Mississippi
and Internationa! Exposition, 1898.
Prepared by
VAC BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. V. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
CLEVELAND 1
BICYCLES
$40 and
*50
v LEAVITT & BILL,
I 309 Larkin St. jl
Wheels sold on installments. Q
. * Old wheels taken in exchange. f4
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
HSS^S^^wP^^Dealers in Firearms,
mfflP'^ l ''^ Fishing Tackle, and
figS* 1 Sporting Goods of Every Den-
criptinn. Hijjneiit Cask Price*
fold for Haw Furs.
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue.
afnglß»£-~««mfl| Drying preparations simp-
H^fcSffil ' y CATARRH.
W^' c °^Mr\t They dry up the secre-
frWEVEß wlß'k/M tlon '' which decompose, ;
Ejtj & Ma causing a far more serious
to*" JwJ&k form ° catarrh than tha
M. tfgjl ordinary. Don't neglect
;jp^ggl3§ I E1 8 Cream Balm
K^r^,Y><^r>'' < ym win" cure it. •
Cream balm Is placed into, nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
I — does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
: at druggists or by mall: trial size, 10c. by mail
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St.. New York
DR.MCNULTY7
riirilS WELI^KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Special lsteinr* Private. Nervous, ami Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men (mil/. Book on Private Discuses and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'r.i' experience.
Pntlentscuredat Home. Terns remimnable Hours!}
to3diilly:6.3otoB:ao ev'gs. Sim, lays. lOtolZ Consul-
j tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. ROSCOE McXUIiTY. BI.I>.
1 -46:1 Kcnruy (St., S»u I'rauciaco. Cal.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
! New Hotel, . elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity. . : m
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. ?S; Via Callstoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S. P R. R. to Caltstoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIO.
Highland Springs, Lake County, Cal., or see
L D CRAIG. 318 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL,
620 Post st., San Francisco.
THE TAVERN OF
CASTLE CRAG,
Shasta County, Cal.,
WILL OPEN FOR THE SEASON
JUNE 13 - - - - 1809,
RATES FOR ROOMS AND BOARD:
PER DAY •-* 2.50 to 8 4.00
PER WEEK $14.00 to 822.75
PER M0NTH......... 850.00 to 890.00
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
ROOM 59, Union Trust Buildinfe, S. F.
GO TO
HOTEL DEL CORGNADO
For Tour Summer Outing.
Best Golf Grounds in the State.
Unequaled Fishing, Sailing, Cycling, ■
Hunting. Bathing, etc.
REDUCED SUMMER RATES.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery it . 8. F.
VICHY SPRINGS?
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MEN'DO-
clno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous How of
natural warm water direct* from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
fh-st-class. J. A. HEDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
SEIGLER SPRINGS, •
LAKE COUNTY,
Thip delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and coid
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
HOTEL GAPITOLA, By the Sea,
CAPITOLA, Cal. CHANGE OF MANAGE-
MENT—MR. FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel, San Francisco, Cal., and
the Hotel Metropole, Catalina Island, will as-
sume the management of Hotel Capitola this
season. The hotel will be conducted strictly
first-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect Prices reasonable. For terms and infor-
mation address FRANK M. SMITH, Hotel
Capitola, Capitola, Cal.
LAKE COUNTY.
NEW 19- PASSENGER J.OSEMITE STAGES,
all outside seats, direct to the most pictur-
esque portion of California. Best equipped stage
line in the State. Leaves Callstoga daily (Sun-
days excepted) at 11:80 a. m.. direct to Harbin.
Belgler, Adams. Howard Anderson, Astorgs
and Glenbrook; half an hour for lunch at Calls-
toga; also to Mid'lletown. Lower 1. k>\ Kelsey-
villa and Lakeport. W.~. SPIERS, Prop.
% p r. TOCALOMA. M IN
BERTRAND First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; fishing : beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRANL), or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 58 Third St., San Francisco.-
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage daily
from Calistoga direct-to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring. . I
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL ' '
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, vlth one of the best
i tables in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $3 50. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah: thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Lake
County, Cal.-
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland. Cal.
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten daily trains
each way. Open to guests during June and
July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL. - '
Climate, scenery, entertainment: none better
In Lake Co.; gas indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
. CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS^
On . N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for sum-
mer: board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. G. MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor. <■,-,!. .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick, Sisklyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS., Proprietors.
JOHANNISBERG.
. FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder 3100 .feet. Large lake, boating, swim
ming. hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakville. Napa County, Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk," butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale, Cal.
Free carriage. • '■■:::■
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from B. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$11 per week, $2 per day. Address -Aqua Call-
ente Springs, Aguu Caliente, Sonoma Co., Cai.
PASO ROBLES springs.
San Luis Obispo County.
HOTEL AND GROUNDS THOROUGHLY
renovated and Improved.
JOtto E. Never,
Proprietor-
J til II J Ij 1 &*»*< 111 rtHt "\. -
Finest and most comfortable health and
pleasure resort on the Pacific Coast.
Hot Mud and Sulphur Baths. Iron and Soda
Springs.
Largest Sulphur Swimming Tank in the
State.
Sure cure for Rheumatism and Gout, Dis-
eases of the Skin, Bladder and Kidneys.
Resident Physician— Advice Free.
Paid Orchestra. NO STAGING.
Correspondence solicited.
City office, 636 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
SKAGGS'HDTSPRINGS
Sonoma. County; only 4*4 hours from San,
Francisco and but I miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages;, round trip from San Francisco only
$5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 8:39
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
r Patronage constantly increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MUI.OREW, Proprietor.
All the time is
• Swimming time,
/Etna Springs. -4
! Two trains dally— 7:3o a. m.. 4p. m. Round
: trip. $7. includes private carriage to Springs. W.
L. MITCHELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal.
OPENS /WAY Ist.
ROWARDENNAN,
i Santa Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River,
3>i hours from S. F. ; 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electricity: ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
I links; elegant hall and dining room: club, bil-
! liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished
anil • elesantly furnished;' telephone. OPENS
MAT 1: round trip, $3. Address W. E. VEA-
7AK. Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. \
The Best In the U/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round ! Sulphur, Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia. Paraly-
sis Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
Callstoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
' Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also in new cottages, just
completed.
MRS. f\. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
THE HOYA RETREAT K*g|i^ mU " A
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
in California: magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all th»
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87.
Gilroy. .
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS. -
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sure
cure for dyspepsia, Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation " hot mineral baths. These
springs are located In Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond. ,
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as a
summer resort: best . drives in the State;
special rates to families; charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond. Cal.
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real aaB
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and .capital-
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
inventions or ideas. (
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for investment on Mortgage or .
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
0000000000000000 0 0>
o*s-" PALACE *» o
%GRAND
*1 SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered passageway. ** .
O 1400 Room?— 900 w: h Bath Attached **
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICKS: j.^;V O
O European Plan.Bl.oO per dry and upward O
-k American Plan. sll.oo per day .and upward _
O Correspondence Solicited. ,_y*
0 JOHN 0. KIRXPATaiCK. Manager. O
o 0 0000000000000000
1111102. HALL'S REIN VIGORATOR
*&Als£ti Five hundred reward for any
r*** "TTg . case we cannot cure. This secret
I—- B remedy stops all losses in 24
&3j tftKlffi hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
IJ'll-l kVilT] teney, Varteocele, Gonorrhoea,
»SI Ha? Gleet Fits, Strictures. Lost
piWP gfgre Manhood and all wasting effect*
"-- -• " ■ — - ' ■ of self-abuse or ■ excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure. Address . HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE. 866 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for
sal* at 1071% Market St.. S. F. All private dis-
eases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
< ^sflZ^> l Pig ** Is * non-polsononß
<t <^a3gnß* mi »wKs« remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jff?^r «DBE(>XKJ Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
Sffw '" ' '" '' cI»t«/V| Whites, unnatural Jis-
Mffßm (icirmcMd V charges, or any infiamma-
ff"»M not to atrletaro. tion, irritation or ulcera-
r~~i Prereau contagion. tion of uncoils mem-
THeEvUKSChemiciiEo. branes - Non-wtringent.
CINCINNATI^. BSI Sold by Wrnsarisi^
Wmflk. r •• i Ttm oT sent in. plain wrapper,
MV "' JW? by express . prepaid, fol
f s^rys*K i vw < or 3 bottlus," J3.74.
V^tSESf^ ■ Circuit sent oa ntfza^ i
WioHy Can, $1.00 pnTiiarLOVERS OF THE GREENWOOD.
Delegates to the Grand Court of Foresters of America, Which Meets in May
DriUNG •r; kin May there
will mi; n Sani Clara
'• ■ ■• •' ;:■.• various
of America
of the Grand
«'.iurt of California. These American
!'ts will represent almost ever
tion 'if the State and also the Territory of
Arizona, as. there are there
attached to the Jurisdiction of
3tate. ,
This order was established as a
ADV EBTISEM^NTS.
A daring bal ... <- #}*£3%p££s£Bk
times tumbles v^y. '..■;',,•' '/* >^ i %sSßs
times tumbles \'/'-'^^tdia[ $S&£&
nearl y two hun Wj^^j^^^
through the air yffys*t{ Ir^S^S
hanging on to I//?// * Q~^fti
a parachute un- /if ' ~* V^i^ggg
til it opens. l\\-^ — ' — "*\ f%
"O! well," he \V^^^O|J t "'
says, "It usual- ' — N , ■**""" .&+
] y opens in \\ *""""«*»
time." Some- vS\
times it doesn't open and
he is doomed. This
seems foolhardy but no il
more so than the sick tfjStAg
man who says, "O, I )£rtjr
guees I'll get well all /f^J
• Disease is no guessing $£&&>
matter. If it isn't stop- M l fe-y*W
ped it keeps on getting /A *Nife r >-«S* B^3
worse. Many a man be- *
gins with dyspepsia or
"liver complaint," and or
gradually loses strength .
and vitality until before he knows it his
lungs are attacked and he finds himself in
consumption. The parachute doesn't open.
The only real safety for a man whose
strength is failing from any cause what
ever is to renew the sources of vitality at
their fountain-head. The best agency for
this purpose is the wonderful "Golden
Medical Discovery" originated by Dr. R
V Pierce, chief consulting physician of the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute of
Buffalo, N. Y. This " Discovery " goes di-
rectly to the aid of the enfeebled digestive
forces and enables them to make healthy
nourishing blood, thereby building up
■olid muscular strength and active nerve I
force and energy.
The absolutely marvelous things it does for
nick people is shown by the experience of Mr
Frank A. Start*, of FayeUevilfe. Fayette Co..
Texas who writes: *' It affords me pleasure t<
testify' to the remarkable* curative power of Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. I mi
severely afflicted with trouble in my lungs-
snittin* up blood, and was so weak I was unat.l-
to continue my work. • I tried several remedies
which (rave me no relief. aud I had commenced
to think there was no hope for me. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery was recommended to
me so I tried it and began to improve at once,
rod was soon able to resume work. I consider
it a wonderful medicine." •
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser sent for 21 one-cent stamps to cover
mailing only. Cloth binding 31 stamps
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
distinctly American organization upon
ding from tire English branch of
which it was a part, at a session of th<
High Couri of Minneapolis, August 13.
I v a vote <>( SS3 to 5, because the
■ order declined to strike out the
word "white-" from that portion of the
constitution relating to the eligibility of
members. It then adopted the name <>f
"Ancient Order of American Order ofFor
but subsequently th£ name was
changed to thatVJby which it is now
known, the Foresters of America. It has
twenty-one courts, nearly 1500 sub
ordinate courts and a membership in ex
cess of ISO
The Grand Court of California was In
stituted by Major Fred C. H§nsley of this
city, who is known as the father of the
California branch of the ordfr Califor
nia has a membership of 12,883, and of this
number nearly 8000 and thirty-three courts
are located in San Francisco. Since the
session of the pr< vious grand court
twelve new courts have been instituted
and benefits to the amount of $9,0.780 paid
to members, who are entitled to medical
attendance, medicine, donations in cast
of need and funeral benefits. There is
in the funds of the courts an aggregate
of $152,260, which is in excess of %Horn above
what there was the previous year. The
order is. at this tinie. in better condition,
numerically and financially, than it has
ever been before.
At the approaching session, which is to
commence on Tuesday next, there
will be :l preat deal of legisla
tion proposed. Another effort will be
marie to nave biennial sessions instead of
yearly ones, on the ground of economy;^
there will be a proposition to recognize
an official organ and to vote it ;i subsidy
for the purpose of carrying it on; a move
in the direction of securing headquarters
for the order in San Francisco; the sub
ject of appointing special organizers to
work for the extension of the order will
be taken tip; there will be some discus
sion on the proposition of creating a spe
cial extension fund, and that may affect
the per capita tax; there will also be pre-
Fented a proposition to extend the Junior
branch or the order and the question of
securing medical men to attend to the
courts will be brought up. as it appears
that in some sections of the State there
is difficulty in securing the services of
physicians at such rates as the courts are
willing to allow. " .
The supreme representatives will be in
structed to use their influence to bring
about a modification of the ritual iiw in
use as it has not met with the general
approval of the membership of this State.
They will also be asked to induce the
Supreme Court to add to the secret work
a clause creating pass words and grips
that may be used by the members of the
order and members of the Companions
of the Forest of America in ea?e of dis
tress or need frtr assistance on the same
lines as between Masons and the Eastern
Star. Ancient Order of Workmen and the
Degree of Honor. Knights of the Muc
cabees and Ladies of the Maccabees and
other orders.
The selection of officers for the next
term has for some time past been occupy
ing the attention of delegates. It is gen- i
erally conceded that Superior Judge J. \
\\ . Hughes of Sacramento, at present
grand sub chief ranger, will be promoted
to the position of grand chief ranger now
held by J. Samuels of this city. The most
yrominent candidate for second position in j
THE SAN •FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
the order, that of errand sub chief, is
Hugo K. Asher "f this city, at present
grand senior woodward. FYank Conklin,
the grand treasurer, will undoubtedly be
re-elected. Jno. .). Cordy. the very effi
cient grand secretary, is a candidate for
re-election and is thus far without oppo
sition, v circumstance no doubt due to the
fact that (hiring his term he has given
satisfaction to all. Julius I'almiin or this
city is prominently heralded as the next
grand recording secretary to succeed Dr.
\V. A. Wcldon of San Pedro. John Hoe
nan of this city has a promising chance
to be elevated from junior to grand
senior woodward. The office of grand
junior woodward will be given to pom^
one from the southern part of the State,
the selection to be determined only at the
grand court Bession. The indications are
that Charles Hogg of San Jose will be
promoted from grand junior to grand sen
ior beadle, while Frank Lewis of Pleas
anton stands * very good show of being
elected grand junior beadle. For the office
of grand trustee the -most nfominent can
didates are Emll l.a'mpe of Court Hubur
, tvs, San Prandsoo; Dr. G. F. Pache of
Court Sequoia, Angels Camp, and J. C.
'■■ Ix-ferrari of Court Silver <Tate, San Diego.
Thirteen supreme delegates are to be
■ fleeted. Fof these offices there are nu
merous candidates, among them being:
Antone Orfilla of Arizona. C. P. Rendon
f<f Stockton. R. Rasmuspen, S. A. White,
C. A. Boldemann, William M. Klinger, F.
D. Severance, J. S. W. Saunders. Jacob
Samuels. T. B. Goodwin, Sol Shaben. E.
I. Wolfe and I. Kallmin of San Francis-
CO.JSmmett Hayden of San Rafael, George
Staffer Jr. and F. M. Jennings of Santa
Cruz. J. C. Ing Jr. of Sacramento. J. H.
Melville of Los Angeles. H. A. Gabriel of
Santa Clara, Patrick Gray of San Fran
cisco, E. E. Skinner of Eureßa. C. E.
Peckham of Watsonville and J. 11. Krim
mlnger of I. or Angeles.
"The people of S'tnta Clara have made
extensive arrangements to welcome the
Foresters and the executive committee,
of which I. J. Koehie is chairman, 11. A.
Gabriel secretary and George Wanderer
treasurer, has completed all arrangements
to give the visitors a hearty welcome.
There will be a parade, banquet and ball.
so that when the members of the Grand
Court are not at work they will find
enough to engage their attention. The
.delegates to the Grand Court are;
Alameda— Court 19. William Horst Jr.
Angels Camp— Court 128, George F. Pache,
i M. D.
C'astrovilie— Court 149, W. F. MoGulgan.
Colma- Court 83, James Rodders.
Colua»— Court si, R. J. Power.
Danville— <"ourt 118. J. L. Coates.
Dtaon— Court I*9, B. F. Newby.
Elk Grove— l.'nurt 101. R. V. Hawkins.
Eureka— Court SO, T. H. Cone, E. E. Skin
ner.
Forbestown — Court 05. Joseph Dunstan.
Fresno— Court 72, R. M. Thompson.
Grass Valley— Court 8, It R. Dunstan W.
J. Howe.
Haywards— Court 78, H. "W. Klee, John W.
McCoy.
Healdsburg— Court 142, Ous Lund. W. F.
ol.f-ary.
lone— Court 131, Tv W. Perkins.
I Jackson— Court 148, H. Golixh.
! Jamestown— Court 144. J. S. Daly.
Kern City— Court 69, C. A. Rogers.
Livermore — Court 77 D. R. Rees.
Lodi— Court 135, G. H. Reasoner.
Lompoe— Court 109. W. L. Talbot.
Los Angeles— Court 30, J. H. Melville, Joseph
Scholtens; Court 39. John Hamilton, William
Nasli: Court 49. J. F. GreenniiKh, J. H. Krlm
minpor; Court 6S, John Camera ; Court 97, J
Vlole; Court 102, A. G. Rivera; Court 111,
Gustave Zalser; Court 139, L. Carbone.
Marysvllle— Court 34, J. W. Ashley, C. H.
Potter.
Merced— Court 155, George Con way.
Mlddletown, Lake County— Court 103, G. A.
McKinley.
Mission San Jose— Court 112, T. J. Power.
Monterey— Court 47. A. Vidal.
Mountain View— Court 88, J. 6. Mockbee.
Napa— Court 48, George D. Secord.
Nevada City— Court 9, William M. Avery, R.
Ronchi, John Rowett. '"^HHT^HB
Niles— Court 110, M. B. Bneden.
Oakland— Court 46, George IC. Kearns.
Oak Park. Sacramento County— Court 100,
Wallace Anderson.
Ocean View, San Francisco — Court 71. James
W. Wood.
Orovllle— Court 86, Samuel Marks.
Petaluma— Court 63, H. Lezinsky.
Placervllle— Court 117, John Anderson, John
H. Skinner.
Port Costa— Court 75, Samuel J. Hutton.
Pleasanton— Court 108, Lee Wells.
Red Bluff— Court 84, H. P. Andrews.
Redwood City— Court 158, E. V Stephens.
Riverside— 'Court 94, Ira O. Drummond.
SaoramentO'-Court 6, Philip Hlrsch, J.« C.
Ing Jr.. Abe Wilson; Court 12. A. Holmes,
John Morris, C. A. Root; Court 119, G. Johan
sen.
San Bernardino— Court 96, 11. C. Warner.
San Diego— Court 28, ('. W. Aust, T. M.
Jennings; Court 138, J. C. de Ferrari, R. A.
Douglass, John A. Neill.
San Francisco— Court No. 1, John A. McLeod,
Frank. A. Miller; No. 2, James Healing. J.
Label; No. '3. Peter Hansen, R. Rasmussen;
No. 4, J. Nylands;No. 5, Julius Caiman, H.
L. Simon, T. Tobias. H. M. WallenFteln; No.
7. Ben Levy, F. V. Severance; No. 11,. J.
Kallman', I. O. Kasser: No. 13. E. P. Flgel.
J. C. Howe; No. 14, T. B. Goodwin, J. B.
Grossman; No. 15, G. W. Frlck: Kmll Lampe,
F. L. Mattow;. No. 16, H. J. Schober, Thomas
Sewellj No. is, John Foppiano, Joseph Spar
row, S. A. White; No. 20, A. B. Alexander.
E. H. Levy, Sol Pelser, T. C. Scharff; No. 21,
George Healing. Henry Mcßorley; No. 22, E.
I. Wolfe; No. 23, Abe Coleman, William O.
Ford; No. 27, H.-M. Saunders; No. 29, W. P.
Callopy, Marcus Lafee; No. 31, A. C. Bolde
mann, J. J. Donovan; No. 33. J. L. Wlldy: No.
36. E. F. Meyer, Thomas Moran; No. 37, H.
Goldman, S. Shaben: No, 40. M. J. Magulre;
No. 41. Charles E. Meyer; No. 42. Walter G.
Fonda; No. 43, Joseph Armstrong, John Lynch;
No. 45, J. F. Ahearn, E. J. Coffaney, F. Gar-,
nle; No. 53, Bert K^hM, William Klinger; No.
56, J. E. O'Brien; No.. 59, I. Levy; No. 67,
Paul F. B. Stelner; No. 79. H. Haab; No. 104,
P. J. Gray. R. J. O'Reilly; No. 132, J. F.
Monte. George Perfetto; No, 136, J. W. Glea
dell, J. Murray.
San — Court 54, Charles W. King, Her
man Vlrlch; Court 91, Theodore Helison; Court
127. G. Derosa 1.
San Leandro Court 74, Charles Kestler.
Salinas— Court 70, George W. Denlck.
San Luis Obl»po— C<*urt 35, Warren M. John.
San Pedro— Court 107, C. A. Grosjean.
San Rafael— Court 62, E. J. Hayden.
Santa Ana — Court 133. Charles F. Durfe.
Santa Barbara— Court 60, Charles J. Hack-
Ing; Court 147, Peter Stnrni.
Santa Clara— Court 60, H. A. Gabriel, George
Wanderer; Court 137, F. Ferrari.
Santa Cruz— 61, C, W. Morton, George,
Staffer.
Santa Rosa— Court 24, H. F. Blackford
Saratoga— Court 146, C. F: Booslnger.
Sausallto^Court 150, .George Ryan.
Slssons— Court 141. T. J, Downey.
Soledad— 153, James Bertelsen.
Sonora— 129, Charles Hewes, E. Ro
mans.
• Stockton — Court 56, Jam™ P. Carroll, C P
Rendon: Court 120. P. A. Peters. P. Kohler.
Tiburon— 73, Henry Unna.
Tracy— Court 105, F." O. Housken.
> Vallejo — Court 52, Samuel .1. Rlorden.
Watsonvllle— Court 44, Charles E. Peckham,
Henry A. .Petersen.
Winters— Court ; 87, Frank M. Wyatt.
Woodland— Court 10, Henry ■ Saunders.
In the Divorce Court.
Laura L«. Flantgan has been granted a
divorce from John H. Flanigan on the
ground of failure to provide. Mrs. Flani-
Ean was granted the custody of a minor
child, together with alimony In the sum
of $25 a month. Decrees of divorce on
the ground of extreme cruelty have been
granted Blanche G. Robinson from Wil
liam T. Robinson and Marie C. Mlkkel
sen from Jena Mfkkelsen. Llllie Nolan
has sued David Nolan for a divorce on
the ground of cruelty.
ADVERSE TO TEACHERS.
Judge Seawell's Decision in the Case
of Mjss Rose M. Stack.
The status nt teachers who were re
moved from their positions by the Board
of Education during the month of Janu
ary last which resulted from the consoli
dation and discontinuance of their classes
was practically determined by a decision
rendered by Judge Seawell yesterday, the
opinion be adverse to the teachers.
The opinion was rendered as an accom
paniment to an order overruling the de
murrer of Miss Rose M. Stack to the an
swer of the Board of Education to her
suit brought to compel the board to re-
Jnstate her in her position as teacher
rtf a class in the Buena Vista Primary
School. The demurrer was interposed on
the ground that the answer of the board
did not constitute a valid defense to the
action. Judge Soawell held otherwise,
however, the court ruling that the teach
er may be legaljy removed from her po
sition if her class has been legally abol
ished, as it is contended was done in the.
case of the complainant. If the class was
abolished in rood faith, the court further
holds, then tnere is no reason why the
dismissal of the teacher was not legal.
Now that the demurrer has be^n over
ruled the case- will go to trial, and if it
is found that the board did act in good
faith in abolishing Miss Stack's class then
she will b? unable to retrain her position,
and the same ruling will apply to all who
were dismissed under the same circum
stances.
. ♦ ■
$45 pays for a fine large "Olympia Music
Box" at Mauvais', 768 Market street. •
Robbed a German Officer.
Belle Wiseman, a half-breed, was yes
terday held to answer before the Superior
Court on ■ two charges of grand larceny
in $2000 bonds. On Saturday last she was
accused of stealing J4lO from Alexander
yon der Lith in her room at Third and
Mission streets. Yon der Lith while tes
tifying stated that he was an officer of
the German army attached to the Land
wehr. known here us the reserve forces.
He got a quarterly remittance of $400 from
his relatives in Germany.
. ♦ . 1 —
If your property la mort(?ajred and you need
mere money see H. Murphy. 630 Market. •
Poolselling Cases.
The cases of H. L. Jones and others,
charged with violating the new ordinance
against poolselling at the racetrack, were
again called in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday. The attorney, for the defendants
demanded an immediate hearing, but the
Judge curtly continued the cases till Sat
urday to be set.
Advance? made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonau. 1017-1023 Mission.
_^_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■-«-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-*-■-■-■-■-
- _^ "Yellow Journalism"
A y^v JtlL >I^^ is no all there is which
-^^^^A^^^^^» is "Yellow"; there is
merit in valueTl the "Yellow" store-
I MERIT IN SERVICE,? bLUrC
|*_THis is oijr^unil; keeper, and he can be
" ' described at short no-
WEI N STOCK, tic*-. ;
1 LUBIN ! He is ever selling
| & C?. j g° ods "belcw cost,"
L^^^rere*-™-^*- *~-~™.-~!-™-i3. at "terrible sacrifices"
ARK STREEff rL^^ r and "tremendous re-
He is liberal with P.
M's or "Prize Money" to employes in order to
"push" undesirable stock on his customers. He
gives private discounts to dressmakers and others in
order to underhandedly influence trade which would
not otherwise come to him, and which does not
properly belong to him on the score of honest, com-
petition.
He is, in fact, a conspirator aiming for the re-
sults of honest trade by dishonest means. This, and
more besides, describes the "Yellow" storekeeper.
Do You Know Any Such?
Twenty-five years ago we started at Sacra-
. mento by the adoption of a system just the very
opposite of this, and succeeded in building up one
' of the most important retail business houses on the
coast.
A year ago we started a branch store here on
Market and- Taylor streets, and on the very same
methods as in operation at our Sacramento store.
We believe that there is as much need of our
system in San Francisco at this time as there was at
Sacramento years ago. And the public seem to
think so, too.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co.
OPEN UTE LANDS
FOR SETTLEMENT
PRESIDENT'S PROCLAMATION IN
EFFECT MAY 4.
The Immense .ve?ervation of a Now
Almost Extinct Tribe of Indians
Will Be Subject to Entry.
Announcement if now being made by
the United States Government that un
der the provisions of President McKin-
Ley'a proclamation dated April 4. XSW. the
Southern I'te Indian reservation, embrac
ing KOO.OOO acres of arable lands, will be
subject to entry by bona flde settlers at
noon of May 4. IX9O. and until such time
as all said lands may be taken up. The
entry of the lands is subject to the des
ert, homestead and townsite laws of the
United States governing the disposal of
mineral, stone and timber lands.
These lands are situated along the
southern border af the State of Colorado.
south and east of Durango, where the
United States Land Office is located.
They are in a rich and fertile section of
valley and mesa, there being no high
mountains on the reservation. The sec
tion is (fell watered, with a most inviting
climate, and the lands opened for settle
ment are unsurpassed for agricultural,
horticultural and grazing purposes.
Prospective settlers will be permitted to
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Broßers. Importers. Wholesale Traders. Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agencs.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
BELTINQ.
LP IIFfiFN Manufacturer or Belting
I. UCUCn, LflCO LeatWsr. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
VV. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Snip
Work.
Office end Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main SMS.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
342 to 350 Oeary Street Adoto Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
Hirr HO If II Corner Fourth and
CAFE HoYlL=2«fts-
bHlL nUIHL
U l l l L. lIUIIIU^ Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1*64.
•.; COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H.BLYTH. M*r.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St Telephone, Main 6641.
DENTT s.
np C f npryPD-* 0 Market, ran. Cto 10.
VR- V TT VLvIYCn colion gas for painless
extraction of teeth a specialty.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE. ■:
REDIN6TON & CO. lTs n^rJTJ^
go into the reservation to look over and
select lands, but no actual location can
be made until the day and hour of open
ing. May 4.
"MAMMY" PLEASANT OUT.
She No Longer Rules in the "House
of Mystery."
"Mammy" Pleasant is no longer an in
mate in the "House of Mystery," the
mansion of the late millionaire, Thomas
bell, at Bush and Octavia streets. The
old colored woman, who was commonly
reputed to have ruled the millionaire's
widow with a rod of iron, was practi
cally ejected from the place last Satur
day and is now at the home of Mrs. Ellen
Ferry. 2107' 2 Webster street
The cause leading to the rupture of the
close relations between Mrs. Bell and
"Mammy" Pleasant is as much of a mys
tery as anything ever connected with the
house. Mrs. Bell is not to be seen and
the aged colored woman refuses to say
anything. ,
Counter Claim Dismissed,
The trial of the action of John D. .
Spreckels & Bros. Company against R.
A. Graham proceeded yesterday before
Judge Bahrs. When the . court opened
Judge Bahrs ordered that his opinion
heretofore published dismissing the coun
ter claim of the defendant and denying a
trial of the action be formally entered,
and the equitable action proceeded before
the court sitting as a chancellor. Gra
ham took the stand and occupied it for
some hours.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS FOYFS S^'PP'DK Butcher.. IMC m
HARDWARE.
pALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
| » ers In hardware,. 603 Market; tel. Main 7&2.
, IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedlev. Prons..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
Kcriptioo Made to Order. Tel. Black ISO 3.
LIQUORS. ~
OUDOLD WHISKEY, gillon $1.50 ; east .$6 00
0. P. S. PONY, . do $2.50; owe $10.00
L. CAHBN ft 80», 418 Stcramento St., 8. T.
"NO BETTFR QV FARTH" Imperial Met-
.ay DLI ICK ,»11 CAR 111 alllc Comanch9
| Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO.. 13 Front St.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper CO..
i If ILLMffILI lE. 722 Montgomery Str««r.
PRINTING
EC HUGHES,.,, PRIVTKR.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^r.ph,cp ARTRIDGE f<Call;
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., g^
WAREHOUSEMEN. j
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
tc-'.v . « Agents and Public WelKberm. a. .
! nil Storage. Free and Grain Warehounei. O«o-
-eral office. HO California lit. Tel. Mala 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ~~~
TI IINnV - > "•■»«iuarter» ior dne Jewelry and
• LLnllli • -It. Wedding Riiuts. 4 .14 at.
WHITii ASH STEAM COAL.
. . Mined by the " - .
BLACK DIAMOND COAX. MINING CO. a* Its
GREEN RIVER COULIERIESI '
la th* Best Coal In the Market.
Otic* and larda— «M Main BtiMk
56
THURSDAY '..APRIL 27, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main UCS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IT, CENTS PER WEEK.
'.
Terms \,y Mfiil. Including ro*tnF*:
t>AILY CAI^Li (Including Sunday all) one year *(».<»<>
DAILY CALJJ (including Sunday Call), 6 months — 3.00
DAILY CALL' ilncluding Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
j)AILT CALL I Single Month «.">o
PUXDAY CALL One Year 1.150 ,
tVEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MIW YORK OFFICE ftoom ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent. i
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building j
C. GEORGE KROG.MZSS, Advertising Repre«entativo. j
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay. '
cpen until 9:30 o"clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until.
C:SO o'clock- 621 McAllister street:, open until 9:30 :
o'clock- 6i5 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.. 2291 Market
tired., corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
fission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
ttreet, open until 9/ o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NVV. corner /-second ana
Kentucky streets, ooen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
.
Columbia— "The Wrong Mr. Wright."
•I Time."
■
nine.
Chutes Z,io and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Kills streets, Specialties.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures. ;
Alhambra Theater— lntercollegiate Concert, Saturday Night,
April 29.
Xl Campo — The popular bay resort. Amusements every
i
Campers' Excursion — To Santa Cruz Mountains, Sunday,
April 30.
Hutro Baths— Grand oponlne Sunday, April 30.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. W. nutterfleld— This day,- at 11 o'clock, Furniture, at
1403 Franklin nt.
APPKOOCHING COLLAPSE.
r I 'HE spectacle which, at the age of eighty or
thereabouts, as the typical representative rail
■ the typic; tative i >;' i
* road monopoly, .Mr. C. r. Huntington presents
1 > ■ 11 1 IT ■ TT
to the American people demands public scrutiny. He
is not merely a disturbing influence in this
State, but a national menace. Born in Connecticut,
rau-ed in the atmosphere of Americanism, transferred
to Cahtorma among the early pioneers, and with a
business experience extending over sixty years, his
. , , i , • , - ," , ,
hie would naturally have culminated in thorough de
. . .■ . -'cax^wm p«J>firtTtw ■■ ■■ - , ■■■• -"- '--
votion to the institutions of Ins country and to the
wehare ot hi> fellow citizens. But, although possessed
of large intelligence and of magnificent opportunities,
he ha assumed the right, by every influence subver
sive of representative government, to dominate the
interests and the communities with which he has been
■■ ■'• :- v .
associated.
- ■■■■'. '.-■'
ror thirty years, without concession or relaxation,
he has set and held his railroad enterprises in harsh
resistance to public opinion. He has acknowledged
no right that conflicted with his imperious will, He
has persistently sought to fasten Asiatic cheap labor
upon the country, and he is now openly endeavoring
to neutralize the exclusion laws by throwing his in
fluence in favor of Asiatic -expansion. He has main
tained a firm opposition to all the small communities
in the State that could be injured by railroad strategy
and by railroad tyranny. He has strenuously ob- !
structed public justice and aimed to dominate the
legislative and executive departments of the State
and of the Federal governments. He has applied
such continuous pressure to finance, commerce, trade,
manufacture, horticulture, all the industrial and
wealth-producing factors that required transportation
facilities, as to obstruct and retard natural progress
in every direction. His assumed dictatorship has in
cluded every phase of individual, social and political
life. . . I
But all past assertions of his authority have now
been eclipsed. As the nineteenth century and his own
career approach their inevitable collapse, he appears
to have fallen into that dogmatic excess which
marked the closing years of Louis XI. A most
strenuous effort was made last year to place the re
lations of the people and the railroad upon an
amic; ble and enduring basis. Pledges of withdrawal
from political manipulation were authoritatively
made by Mr. Huntington, through his factotum,
William F. Herrin. When, however, after the cam
paign, based upon principle and openly and honestly
conducted, so far as the Republican press, the ma
joiity of Republican candidates and the mass of Re
publican voters were concerned, the ticket headed by
Mr. Gage was elected, the arrogance of Mr. .Hun
tington became so intense and so conspicuous that it
soon degenerated into weakness. The mask was en
tire':- dropped. All disguises were thrown aside. It
;vr\s openly announced in effect that Mr. Huntington
ovntd the State. He proposed and maintained the
candidacy of Dan Burns. He undertook to destroy
the freedom of the press. He reduced the Railroad
Commission to possession. He occupied so much of
our water fornt as he desired upon his own terms.
ile exercised the functions of sovereignty over the
Governor even to the extent of demanding the viola
ti n of law by the appointment of the candidate re
jected by the Legislature to the vacant Federal Sen-
s-hip.
In all these acts 'he will of Mr. Huntington was
exerted through the direct management of Mr. Her
riii. It is axiomatic that a delegated authority fixes
responsibility on the principal. But in the instance
before us the entire series of treacheries and of dic
tatorial assumptions has been personally ratified by
Mr. Huntington, who has used social opportunities
for that purpose and in measured and clear terms has
paraded his intention to permit no restriction upon
his determination to enforce his rule upon the State
and the nation.
It has been said that "those whom the gods wish'
to destroy they first make mad." Apparently this
stage has been reached by Mr. Huntington, whose
liberty must necessarily be circumscribed in order
that the public safety may be protected.
William F. Herrin is trying to find a local merchant
who will say nice things about C. P. Huntington.
How would Railroad Commissioner Laumeister do?
He went to J. C. Stubbs to learn what the Southern
Pacific considers a fair grain freight tariff for Cali
fornia farmers.
German official circles are gradually inclining to
the opinion that Captain Coghlan's remarks in refer
ence to Emperor William were made in "wine
humor." It is gratifying that somebody can see the
|ok«. - '■•*- >*•
THE RfICE CONFLICT.
Till 7 , negroes of this country are by no means
all south of Mason and Dixon*s line. Of the
thirteen millions of that race in the United
States a large percentage arc found in the Northern
States, it is believed that* an examination of the
sties of crime will show that their contribution
to the criminal population is below their due propor
tion. They are accorded civil equality before the law,
their rights of person and property arc equally pro
tected and the) follow the callings to which their fit
ness direct- them vi , and .ire not denied the
respect which g ustry and good order. The
publi< ■ igher institutions of learning
arc- open to them, and they are not slow in taking
advantage of ever) opportunity to secure an educa
tion. It is difficult to recall an instance in the
North in which a negro has given the capital provo- !
cation for lynching, which is the fruitful source of
race troubles and the cause of much white savagery
in the South. The conclusion from these facts is ir
resistible that the negro in the North is affected by
his environment, and Ins character is built up by his
■ cts and his opportunity for education and en
lightenment. Here lit- makes no claim of social
equality, and is as < tclusjve in abiding with his own
race as are the whit<
All this gives great <<<vcc to the declaration of that
negro scholar, the ablest man oi his race in the
world. Professor V. . ■ n T. Booker, who says
emedy for the horrid lawle ness in the South
i- the education of the negro. With education he
', es that hi> race will grow better in character
and stronger in moral purpose, and that the negro
South will approach in conduct and manhood
the negro iii the North.
This is reasonable, and this black scholar should
be supported in his view by the South especially.
Millions of negroes are there. They constitute lar
the laboring population, and when efforts have been
made looking to their v. ' igration the whites
have shown a spirit of bitter opposition and resent
ment ' ippears with a workable plan to
get rid of the black I >n, and the proposition
. .ike them orderly by lynching a thou
■ th until they b ls not yet
: . it would appear that Mr. Booker's
idea that has been pre
sented. It may not take sudden root in the South.
because it depends upon acceptance by the whites, and
its success requires their co operation. As the negro
rises to the plane of moral restraint and self-respect
lie must feel that his common, civil rights are re
. the whites. We are sending missionaries
to the blacks in Africa, and surely it is quite re,-.
to send school-teachers to the blacks in our own
try. But neitl icher will do
any permanent good in solving this sore and sad
the negro are re
spected by the whites. To educate a black man and
expeel ! mil to the treatment of a bond
man is only to
Th< South have much to learn also.
In tin Stai uth Carolina a respectable, well
beha 1 . ippointed
post! ■ • year. The white- resented this by set
to his house, burning several of his children
to death and shooting him and other members of his
famih > 1 ped fi the I s. The mon
sters who did tin's were arrested and put on trinl
thre< of fhem confessed the crime
and told the bloody story in this language:
"At n p. m. about a dozen of us met at the store
and outlined our work. We weir .•: by
and - :k of dry ■'. md two gallons of
coal oil, and then went quietly to the po ! 'here
Baker and his famih -'> ■: t. Two of us left the crowd
in the woods ten _■ • ■ • ise, with every
man armed wil I When we
ip to the bu : - a Lee put down the shay
■! the oil and dashed a bu
the house. One match was struck by Lee,
but it went out; then ai - applied, and in a
sheet of flame covered v the building. We ran
off. We heard the cries of the women and children
in the house. Presently the whites began firing, and
more screams came from the house. When the ;
women were finally driven out they were shot and
the mob pursued them far into the woods. After the
fire was out we all gathered at the Baptist church
and promised to keep the affair quiet so far as it con
cerned ourselves, and went home."
In this affair women were burned to death, and one
infant was butchered in its mother's arms and she
was killed. The crime was not denied, but the jury '
refused to convict the monsters who committed it. ;
Their attorney, Mr. Legare, said their defense was '
"that President McKinley laid the foundation of the
crime by appointing a negro to office."
It is easy to see that if this spirit animate a consid
erable number of Southern whites it must be exor
cised in order to bring in sight any solution of trfe
problem except by massacre. The unspeakable '
savagejy that attended the lynching of Hose in ;
Georgia is so appalling that it is beyond characteriza- !
tion. But, after all, it had the provocation of an un- '■
speakable crime committed by the victim. But what
can be said for the midnight assassins of the Baker j
family in South Carolina, where the victims were in
nocent of crime and were noted for their intelligence '
and good order?
It will be seen at once that the negro will reason i
that he has no legal protection for his life, no matter
how excellent his conduct, and as long as the South
ern whites justify that conclusion we may well de
spair of any progress toward the bettering of condi
tions, which are not only deeply disgraceful to the
whole country and retard the material progress of the
S#ith, but which lead to a general race war, the most
pitiless and distressing the world has ever seen.
THE FRUIT SAVING RfllN.
ONCE more the rain of the season has fallen so
opportunely and so bountifully over the
larger portion of the State that it seems al
most to have come in direct response to the prayers
of fruit-growers. It has put an end to the last lin
gering fears of orchardists and gives something like
a positive assurance of good crops.
Profuse as were the heavy rains of March, they
were not quite sufficient for all the needs of orchards
and vineyards suffering from the prolonged drought
of the previous season. Recent reports from several
parts of the State were to the effect that fruit was
dropping badly, and there seems to have been a gen
eral agreement amo^ig fruit men that the trees had
been so weakened by the long dry season they were
not able to ripen all the fruit that had set. The late
rains will of course have a tendency to overcome any
such weakness and will doubtless materially increase
the fruit output of the year.
With the coming of abundant rains many persons
who have been considering the advisability of pro
viding irrigation will be tempted to give no further
thought to the subject. As drought no longer threat
ens the State, they no longer see the need of guard
ing against it. It is natural that it should be so.
Nevertheless, the wisdom of the old maxim, "In
Jime pi gcacc prepare for war," applies to the affairs
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, THtTRSDAT, APRIL 27, 1899.
of individuals as well as to those of nations. Wher
ever it is possible to provide irrigation at economical
rates it will be well for orchardists to do so, although
there is no immediate necessity for it. Good seasons
are the "accepted times" .for such work, as in most
cases it will be too late to provide effective irrigation
if the work is delayed until a drought come-.
In the meantime the people of California have good
reason to be well satisfied with the present outlook.
Prolonged dry seasons are rare in the larger part of
the State, and it will probably be many years before
our farmers and orchardists have to contend with
another such drought as that through which they
have jusi passed. Reports from the East are to the
effect that most of the fruit crops there are short, and
the consumers of the country are looking to Califor
nia for the supply of the year. They will not look in
vain. Our crops are going to be fairly abundant in
almost every variety, and we will have trainloads to
sell.
TriE SAN PEDRO CELEBRATION.
LOS ANGELES has with good cause made the
beginning of work on San Pedro harbor a pub
* lie holiday and an occasion for general rejoic
ing. The event marks not only the undertaking of a
work of great importance, but the accomplishment of
.a. victory over a powerful corporation which has long
been antagonistic to the welfare of California and
which strenuously opposed the San Pedro enterprise.
In reviewing the course of the long struggle re
quired to bring about the improvement at San. Pedro,
Senator White said in an interview with The Call:
"Perhaps there has never been any work projected
in the United States so embarrassed by unnecessary
difficulties. Many of those who opposed the present
location did so in the best of faith, but the public will
never believe, nor would it be justified in believing,
that had not the powerful interests headed by Mr.
Huntingdon been behind Santa Monica there would
have been any serious opposition after the making of
the Mendell report. Individual Senators or Repre
sentatives might have expressed dissent, but the
project would have gone through."
There will be no dissent among intelligent Califor
nians from that statement. Had it not bean for the
antagonism of the -Southern Pacific Company the im
provement of the harbor would have begun- years
ago, and Los Angeles might now be celebrating the
completion instead of the beginning of the work. The
popular rejoicing, therefore, is due as much to what
has been accomplished in throwing off the yoke of the
monopoly as to the high expectations of what is to be
attained through the work itself.
While to the people of Los Angeles and their reso
lute leaders at home and in Congress full credit is
due for the victory they have achieved, it is to be re
membered that they were not left to fight the battle
alone. Throughout the State the independent press
took up the cause of San Pedro and fought with as
much earnestness as if it were one that concerned
each alone.
The Call in particular has good reasons to be grat
ified with the San Pedro victory. It entered early
into the strife on the side of the people and was the
foremost champion in San Francisco of that cause-
Credit is also due to the Examiner, which as soon
as it had been relieved of the $1000 a month contract
with the railroad joined The Call in the contest and
helped to expose the schemes of the monopoly and
reveal its antagonism to the true interests of the State.
To Los Angeles and her people, however, the full
ness of the victory is mainly due, and theirs is of
right the glory of the triumph. The Call and other
papers in different parts of the State could, and did,
help, but Los Angeles has had to take the forefront of
the fight and bear the burden of its cost. Her people
are fully justified, therefore, in making the beginning
of the work a civic holiday, and in giving honor to
those among them who were most steadfast in the
struggle, and most efficient in accomplishing the vic
tory.
Tf-jE "CORKSCREW" RESOLUTION.
THE resolution considered by the Board of Su
pervisors on Monday which grants the Market
Street Railway Company permission to use
electricity upon its proposed "corkscrew" line from
Sixth and Brannan streets to Washington and Jack
son, on its face appears to be innocent enough. But
the Supervisors should take nothing for granted in
connection with this matter. The Market Street
Railway Company is proverbially tricky, and at the
present time it has great interests on Geary street.
The franchise for the present cable railway on that
thoroughfare expires shortly, and the corporation
has made two attempts already to secure its renewal
for a long period of time. Both of these attempts
have been defeated by the property-owners and
residents of the street, who desire the construction of
a modern electric line instead of the maintenance of
the present hobo cable system.
If the resolution granting permission to use elec
tricity upon its proposed ''corkscrew" line does not
confer upon the Market Street Railway Company
some privilege on Geary street by which it will be
enabled to hereafter unhorse the people living upon
that thoroughfare there will be no very strong objec
tion to its passage. But every intelligent person
knows that it is dangerous to confer privileges of this
sort upon street railway companies. At first they ap
pear trivial and commonplace, but later on they cut
tremendous figures in litigation designed to fasten
perpetual privileges upon public streets.
The proposed "corkscrew" road runs on Geary
street, from Taylor to Grant avenue — seemingly a
short and unimportant distance. But it is not a ques
tion of distance in this case, but a question of the
legal effect of such a privilege upon a street which in
a few months will revert again to the people.
There is apparently no disposition among the Su
pervisors to rush hastily into this business. The
resolution referred to has been sent back to the
Street Committee, where it has been under consid
eration for some time. Therefore we do not sound
these words of caution because there fs any imme
diate danger of hasty action, but in order to put the
Supervisors upon their guard. The Geary street
franchise should not be complicated in any manner.
When it expires, which it will shortly, it should be
offered for sale and disposed of to the highest bidder.
A corporation has now held the street for a great
many years and made an enormous profit out of it.
It is about time that the people should receive some
benefit from the valuable privilege of operating: a
street car line along and upon it.
The fact that Railroad Commissioner Laumeister
is a miller may not have influenced him in casting
his voice and vote in favor of the Southern Pacific
\n the passage of the Blackstock resolution ordering
the dismissal of the grain rate case. It may have in
duced him to believe, however, that he could throw
flour dust in the eyes of the public without much cost.
One of the Berlin newspapers ventures an opinion
that America has all she can attend to in thrashing
Aguinaldo. Admiral yon Diederichs didn't think so
when Admiral Dewey ordered him out of tho range
AN HEIRESS
IS ARRESTED
FOR VAGRANCY
Strange Story of Mil
dred Webster.
ELCPED WITH A SOLDIER
DESERTED AND LEFT ALONE -j&
THIS CITY.
Her Adopted Father, Daniel Webster
of Vallejo, Says She Will Get
Part of a Valuable
Estate.
A girl a few months past X years of
age was arrested lasi Friday by Police- |
man Hightower on a charge of vagrancy,
and yesterday it developed that she was
Joint heiress to an estate valued at over
hall a million dollars.
Her name'is Mildred Webster, and she
roomed al 21 Turk street. When she was
arrested she was almost Immediately re
leased on bonds, but when the case was
called in Acting Police Judge Barry's
court on Saturday she failed to appear
and a bench warrant was issued for her
arrest. She was taken into custody on
Tuesday night and appeared before Act-
Ing Police Judge Groezinger yesterday
morning.
Daniel Webster, an engineer at Mare
Island and a Grand Army man. was in
court, and told the Judge a strange story.
He said the girl was his adopted daugh
ter. She was adopted by him anfl his late
wife when she was three days old. He j
was then an engineer on a Mississippi
boat. The girl was bom at Burkes Point,
Butler County. Missouri, and was 16 years
of age last August. Her father, whose
was Whittaker, owned nearly the
half of Butler County, and she and her
sister, who was now living at Cairo, 111., i
were the sole heirs to the estate, which
was valued at half a million dollars.
Webster declined to say under what cir
cumstances he adopted the girl, but when
the proper time* came he could make affi
davit that she was the heiress. He had
warned her, however, that unless she
faithfully promised to behave herself in;
future he would not make the necessary
affidavit.
The girl ran away from her home in
Vallejo last October with Fred Melville,;
a soldier, with whom she was infatuated. '•■
They came to this city, and two weeks
ago Melville left for Manila. Webster's
Wife died two weeks after the girl ran I
away, and it was only on Tuesday that
he learned that she was here and had
lieen .arrested, so he hurried to the city.
The Judge, after listening to his story,
continued the case till Saturday and re
leased the girl <*n her own recognizance.
Mildred corroborated her adopted
father's statements. She said Bhe always
looked upon Webster and his wife as her
parents until about five years ago. when
after being vaccinated she had an attack
of variolold. While sick in bed she heard
Mrs. Webster tell the doctor who was at- .
tending her that she was not her own !
daughter and that when she came of age
she would be a great heiress. She intend
ed to go to Cairo, 111., to her sister and ;
be a good girl.
ARGUiND THE
CORRIDORS
J. M. Beck, an insurance man of Chi
cago, is at the Grand.
Douglas S. Cone, a Red Bluff banker,
is registered at the Palace.
J. H. Glide, a Sacramento merchant, Is
a late arrival at the Grand.
R. C. Harbison of the San Bernardino
Sun is a guest at the Grand.
W. H. Holablrd, a capitalist of Los An
geles, Is ;i guest at the Palaco.
James M. Hellman, a prominent resi
dent of Los Angeles, Is at the California.
E. Dinitelspiel, •» Bakersfield merchant,
is registered at the Occidental with hia
wife.
Rev. J. F. Flint, a clergyman of Chi
cago, Is at the Grand, accompanied by
his family.
Mrs. M. E. Stone, wife of the manager
of the Associated Press at Chicago, is at
the Occidental.
V. ' M. Clement of Salt Lake, who has
extensive mining Interests In Randsburg,
is located at the California.
John Tuohy, a large grain-grower of
Tulare, and E. C. Humphrey, a merchant
of San Diego, are among the arrivals at
the Lick.
J. S. McFarlajid, a retired capitalist,
and C E. Gill, proprietor of a publishing
house, arrived at the Occidental yester
day from Chicago.
Professor James 13. Keeler and wife of
the Lick Observatory came up from
Mount Hamilton yesterday afternoon on
a brief visit, and registered at the Palace.
F. R. Sargent of Peoria, 111., a repre
sentative of the Railroad Firemen's As
sneintkm, and Frank Barrett of Palo Alto, j
who has large oil interests in the south
ern part of the State, are registered at
the Lick. .
Rev. C. K. Cumming. a missionary of
Nagoya, Japan, returned from his East
ern trip with his wife and child yesterday
and engaged apartments at the Occiden
tal. They will leave for the Orient on the
next steamer.
B. E. Hand, assistant general freight
agent of the Michigan Central Railroad, |
arrived in Los Angeles yesterday from j
Chicago. Pacific Coast Freight Agent
John A. Gill of the New York Central !
lines left for the south last evening to i
meet him.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 26.— A.. G. Freeman
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Hoffman. Miss MacCurley and W. S.
Dixon oi .San Francisco are at the Im
perial.
CAIIFORNIANo IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 26.— G. H. Ran
dall of San Francisco is at the St. James.
William A. Entwlstle of San Francisco
is at the Raleigh.
The Eacetrack Raid.
Another weary day has passed in the
trial of the suit instituted by the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club against I. W. Lees, Its
only result being to more thoroughly es
tablish the already established fact that
the Ingleside track was raided for the
purpose of suppressing unlawful acts
which were being committed when the
raids were made. Officers George C.
Douglass, Smith Carr, James Aixen,
Charles P. Bush and Daniel A. Sylvester
were on the stand during the day and tes
tified regarding the gambling which was
going on when the raids were made. At
torney Ach, who represents the jockey
club, made strenuous efforts to shake the
testimony of the witnesses, but without
success. The case goes on again this
morning.
More Counterfeit Stamps Seized.
Special Revenue Agent Thomas seised
yesterday lfi.ooo cigars In boxes bearing
the counterfeit revenue stamps issued by
a Pennsylvania firm, making the total
seized in this district up to date 136 Oou
Mr. Thomas estimates that the firm has
Issued In the United States 38,800,000 cigars
under the fraudulent stamps, large quan
tltieß of the cigars having been offered as
low as $7 75 per thousand, a price far bo
low cost if the stamps had been genuine
and paid for. The stamps issued by the
Internal Revenue Department for cigars
are sold at ?:! «" per thousand cigars.
LUCAS APPEARS IN COURT.
Further Hearing on the Extortion I
Charge. Against Him.
Detective Lucas appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday for examination on the
charge against him for attempting to ex
ton money from J. F. Turner of this city.
Severn 1 days ape the prosecution cl
Its case before the lower court, it con
sisting solely of the Identification of the
letters written by Lucas to Turner for the
alleged purpose of extorting money.
yesterday the defense endeavored to
prove that the letters did not contain a
threat and were simply written for the
purpose of obtaining a gettlemeni
account which Turner contend
noi owe. a contention which Turner says
he will prove when the ease g< ts more ad
vanced. Attorney George D. Collins cited
various authorities on his contention that
even though Turner did owe the money
alleged by Lucas to be due him it wi
excuse for the alleged blackmailing let
ters he addressed to Turner with the in- I
tent of extorting money under the threat
of some unknown exposure. The law on
this point is plain, but as Judge Mogan
wished to be thoroughly conversant with
the facts which caused Lucas' arrest he I
allowed Lucas to be examined on the mat
ter of debt. Lucas, on taking the stand.
presented a receipt from Turner for $65
by way of introduction to the debt ac
count, and Turner then presented a sim- ;
liar receipt, it beiim contended by the
cution that the one heltl by Lucas
is none other than a copy of fne original,
which was taken up by Turner, procured
in some mysterious manner not yet dis
covered. Lucas gave some further tes
timony, after which the case went over
till next Thursday to give Lucas an op
portunity to find an account book which
he claims will throw some light on the
debt account.
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT
FOR MECHANICS' FAIR
GOVERNMENT WILL ALLOW IT
TO BE DETAINED HERE.
Tesla's Famous Vacuum Light and
Tripler's Mysterious Liquid Air
Will Also Be on Exhibition.
At the meeting of the trustees of th«
Mechanics 1 Institute, held Tuesday, the !
first definite outline of the coming fair
to he held here in September was dis
cussed. Folders containing the formal an- \
nouncoment of the fair, which were issued
yesterday, were read at the meeting. The
fair will open on September 2 and close on
October 7. One of the chief features <<t
the fair is to be the native exhibit from
the Philippines. This exhibit will include
the native products and Industries, and it
is to be loaned to the Mechanics' Insti- I
tute for exhibition by the Department of |
Agriculture, permission having been ob
tained from Secretary Wilson by Presl* j
dent Denicke.
Tho trustees voted a letter of thanks
to Secretary Wilson, and also one to Gen
eral Shafter and Senator Perkins, who
were instrumental in securing trans]
tlon for the exhibit from the Philip- j
pines to this country on the Government !
transports. The trustees are also confi- '
dent of having an excellent and instruc
tive exhibit from Hawaii, and to this end
President Denicke requested that every
member of the board should do all In his
power t'> try and secure such an exhibit.
Secretary Cummings stated tha! Libra
rian Teggart had departed for A 1
whore he had gone to attend the conven
tion of the American Library A
He will be absent about sik weeks, ami
will spend much of his time in the north
studying library buildings. lie will also
see Tesla, the famous electricia
purpose of securing his new vacuum light
as one of the exhibits for the fair. He will
visit New York In order to try and ar
range with Professor Tripler for an ex
hibit of his latest invention of liquid air.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A PUMP— A. S., Goleta, Cal. An ordin
ary lifting pump placed 300 feet below the
surface will show an appreciable increase
in force over one placed on the surface,
but the .difference at that distance would
be but slight. _______
PACKAGES TO MANILA— E. W., Pine
Grove, Amador County, Cal. Packages
that were intended to be sent to soldiers
and sailors at Manila through the quar
ter master's department, U. S. A., and
which did not reach that department be- !
fore the departure of the St. Paul, which
was known as "the Christmas ship," were
kept until the sailing of the next trans
port, which was the- Bcandia, and the
date of her sailing was the L'4th of Jan
uary last. I.he particular packages asked
about were received here December 14,
and were shipped on the Scandia.
PROPERTY IN" SCOTLAND— II. W.,
Vallejo, Cal. If a native of Scotland
came to the United States, and by the !
death of an elder brother and parents
became heir to an estate in Scotland, nev
er made an effort to secure that property
aid died leaving children, those children ;
in order to ascertain if they have eny !
rights ' in the premises would have to j
write to the American Consul at the- point i
nearest the place where t!he par-.ies al- i
Hided to died, and secure a copy of (ha ;
Will, If there was one. The will would
slow if their father was entitled to any
thing under the will. If he was, then
they would have to engage the services
of an attorney, who would advise them
what proceedings would have to be taken.
MINISTERS AND CONSULS— R., City.
C. B. Hart is United States Minister at
Bogota, Colombia: W. L. Merry at San
Jose, is Minister for Costa Rica, Nicara
gua and Salvador; W. G. Hunter, at the |
City of Guatemala, is Minister for Guate- ;
mala and Honduras. The American Con- I
suls in the countries asked about are: In :
Salvador— Acajutla, F. W. Melville; Ceiba, •
L. Bier; El Triunfo, J. H. Ellis.. in Hon
duras—Amapala, "W. Hayden; Bellzia, W.
I. Avery; Bonacca, W. Bayly: Nacome, J. i
E. Fuller; Puerto Cortez, W. E. Alger- I
Ruatan, \V. C. Wildt: San jacinto, C. E
Dickinson; Truxillo, 11. P. Boyce: Utilla,
B. Johnston. In Colombia— Baranquila
W. J. Shaw; Bogota, J. C. McNally; Bu
carumanga, G. Volkman; Cartagena R
Madigral; Colon, W. \V. Cobbs; Cucuta
P. Tlllinghast Jr.; Honda, H. Hollman-
Medellin,' T. Herran; Panama, H. A.
Gridger; Rio Hache, T. V. Henrlquez-
Santa Marta, G. M. Daniels. In Nicara
gua— Bluefields, M. J. Clancy; Corinto 11
Palazio; Managua, C. Donaldson; Mata
galpa. J. B. Connelly; San Juan del
None, W. B. Sorlsby; San Juan del Sur
C. Holmann. In Guatemala— Champerico
J . & £ Kauf *nian; City of Guatemala,
A. M. Beaupre; Livingston, T. C. Dennis
Ocos, S. Walford; Quezaltenango, G. a'
Merrill; San Jose de Guatemala, A Lo
rentz.
For information as to the place in which
a young man could best succeed direct
your inquiry to any of the officials named
giving age, condition financially, capabil
ity and such other information as would
call for an intelligent reply. "Which is
the best place in which a young man can
locate? is too Indefinite.
RANGE FINDER-J. E. M., City. The
range finder that is In use by the United j
States navy was invented by Lieutenant !
Bradley A. Flske, U. S. N. It is described
In the following words:
It Is not at all complicated. Involving only
elementary knowledge of mathematics and elec- j
tricity. It is based on the familiar mathe
matical proposition that if two angles and
one side are known, the other two sides of the
triangle can easily be found. The Flske range
finder, however, eliminates all calculations,
and finds the range automatically. A base line
fixed once for all on the ship is the known side
of the Imaginary triangle. The distance of lha
object is represented by either of. the other
two sides. The target, therefore, at one angle,
of the Imaginary triangle, and at the other
angles at the extremities of the fixed base
line, are placed two spy glasses, which can be
directed upon it. As these spy glasses are
turned Into the proper position they move over
and touch wires which are bent In the form of
arcs. The difference in length of the wires
passed over corresponds mathematically to the
distance of the object. As this length of wire
Increases or diminishes. it will offer more or
less resistance to an electrical current sent
through It. A very simple electrical contriv
ance, amounting practically to a balance, al
lows this resistance to be measured and read,
not In units of resistance but in yards. The
two spy glasses being pointed at the target,
the observer at each- spy glass has nothing to
do but to keep it thus pointed. Elsewhere in
the ship another observer may stand at a tele
phone, listening to a buzzing sound produced
by an electrical device known as a circuit
breaker, and simultaneously moving with one
hand a pointer over a graduated scale. The
instant the buzring in the telephone stops he
reads the range denoted by the pointer from
the scale and conveys the information by a
pimple form of telegraph to the tana, at the
gm^— — ■•.
CHARITY BAZAAR
WILL OPEN IN A
BLAZE OF GLORY
Native Sons' Hall Is
Decorated.
FETE TO COMMENCE TODAY
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY
OFFICIALS ARE READY.
They Anticipate a Large Attendance
at the inauguration of the Fair
in Aid of Their Deserv
ing Organization.
The monster chai H
patronage of tb<
ciety ■ ■ • to the |
Nativi ■ Hal), 4:4 M
street, never looked gayer than it does
now with its artisi nd v. ealth
of varl-colored lies of
the society have bent every energy for
weeks preparing against the opening: day
and believe now they have everything in
r. adii • ■ Ie and a finan
cial success. They I ' ty co
tion of thi c,-' ; ;, LJnlon, composed
of many Irish societies, of the League of
the Cross and kindred organizations.
The work of the Aid Society covers a
eld of endi avor, and no one in dis
tress is turned empty-handed from its
doors. It Is to replenish its treasury that
the present ■ M and the
more mon« y n ■ good can
be accomplish) '1 among the deserving
poor. On the ground that those who give
quickly give doubly, it is hoped the open
ing 'lays will witness a great throng pass
through the entrance of Native Sons'
Hall.
The bazaar will be opened informally
at high noon to-day, but the formal exer
cises will not be held until evening. It
was first arranged that his Honor Mayor
Phelan should deliver an but he
left for San Diego at shonfc notice yes
terday and in consequence a change in
the programme was necessary. Tho
Mayor's place will be taken by some
other speaker. The remainder
of the entertainment will be made up of
a musi -'mine. The contributions
of the best known
professional and amateur performers in
the i
To-morrow night will be given over to
the sodalH - irday will be Celtic
Union night, when an unusually large at
:. Monday, May 1,
day, will be appropriately cele
brated Ive .Sons and the Native
the ladies of the
ling their
Young Men's Institute and V lung La-
Qies' Cnsl itute da y.
clent Ordei ol tltbei .adies'
A ixiliary will have charge. Thui
May 4, will be St. Vincenl di
day; Friday, tl
and Satun
zaar will over to :'.
and exempi firemen.
An innovation will be tried at th<
zaar. No
so that all may enter at will,
and a I rtalnmeni i
■irge, unl'
the assaults of the charming young .
in charge of the booths.
SKETCH CLUB OPENING.
Architectural Drawings Find a Place
in the Spring Exhibition.
The Sketch Club has Introduced a pleas
ing innovation in its sprii tlon by
■ing considi .cc to architec
tural drawing's, exhibited by invitation,
by prominent local archit<
The exhibition, which is being held at
the club rooms, 723 Sutter street, opened
yesterday and will be continued during
the week. There is much crvditable work
by the club members on exhibition.
Among those r- i are Albertina
Randall Wheelan, who shows an ambi
tious water color sketch, "Little God
Pan"; "Our Ark" and "After Glow,"
dainty water colors by Lillian Vasaria;
"Head," showing much dainty treatment,
by Blanche Letcher, and some exquisite
miniatures by Carrie Callahan. Mary In-
Kalsbe Bradford shows some very origl
wallpaper designs, and the Misse3
Ripley liave some of their celebrated Il
luminated leather on exhibition.
The architects represented are: Bliss &
Faville, Coxhead & Coxhead, Albert Farr,
John V. Knoth, Julius E. Kraft, Edgar A.
Mathews, Willis Polk, Reid Bros., Ed
ward R. Swain, Albert* Sutton, Tharp &
Holmes, Frank S. Van Trees, Thomas
Kiiuwles and Henry Schulze.
This will probably be the last exhibi
tion to be held in the present quarters of
the club, as the members are preparing
to secure a better lighted studio.
To Try Soldiers.
A general court-martial has been ap
pointed to meet at the Presidio to-morrow
to try whatever culprits are under arrest.
I The court is . made up of the following
rs: Lieutenant Colonel Henry Wag
ner, Fourth Cavalry; Captain James E.
Brett. Twenty-fourth Infantry; Captain
Henry W. Hovey, Twenty-fourth Infan
i try; First Lieutenant William R. Das
hiell, commissary. Twenty-fourth Infan
try: First Lieutenant James A. Moss,
Twenty-fourth Infantry; Second Lieuten
ant Stanley Howland, Twenty-fourth In
fantry; First Lieutenant Thomas H. Sla
| yens, quartermaster Fourth Cavalry,
Judge advocate.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's.*
_ ■ ♦ ■ . — -
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 -Mont
j gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In the matrimonial game the man who
■weds an heiress expects to be check
mated.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMTaIJ),
Santa Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3% days to Chicago. 4H
days to New York. Handsomest train and moat
complete service. Full particulars at 623 Mar
ket street.
- ■ ■• ;.'; 3V • — : : » ♦ ■
• Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitten has over 50
Imitators and substitutes— most of them dan
gerous. Get the genuine with signature.
—•-« '
One touch of a poor relation is apt to
make the rich man think the whole world
kin. ■ ■ _^
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powder* are the greatest
mf nacers to health of the present day.WILSON NO
STRANGLER BUT
A BOLD THIEF
Positively Identified
by Victims.
ROBS UNPROTECTED WOMEN
SUSPICION THAT HE IS WANTED
EAST FOR MURDEH.
Sufficient Evidence Obtained Against
Him to Warrant the Police In
Charging Him With •
Robbery.
Chief Lees is satisfied that Harry Wil
son, the colored man who was arrested
several nights ago by Detectives Gibson,
Wren and McMahon, la not the much
wanted strangler. He, however, la con
vinced that he is a desperate thief, who
would not hesitate to commit murder if
his victim manifested a disposition to re-
Fist him.
The police have ascertained that on the
night of December 1, L 893, Wilson visited a
lodging-house kept by a Mrs. Woodward
at SfoVj Market street and rented a room.
While Mrs. Woodward was engaged
in writing a receipt for him Wilson
knocked her down and repeatedly
kicked her. He then robbed her
of a purse containing |10. Several
months later the victim of the as
sault went to Sacramento, where she died.
Anotner crime which ihe police attribute
to the colored man was on the night of
December 24, 1895. Going to the room of
Larrio Warren, in a lodging-house at 131
O'Karrell street, Wilson, after announc
ing that he was a cat'.le dealer from Mon
ttana; Inquired for a woman named Mrs.
\\ atson. While the unsuspecting woman
was conversing with him ho snatched her
purse containing UO and a diamond ring
and made his escape. The woman is now
living in Salinas.
Last April Wilson visited the house of ;
O.'ra Graham on Stockton street and
robbed her of $25. The previous day he
called on a woman named Mrs. Shipley
who lives at 121 Poweil street and got
away with her purse, containing $25.
Laura Revetti, better known among the
habitues of the tenderloin as •'Little
Laura." is also a victim of the desperate
thief. Some time ago he went to her
room at 214 Ellis street; and. catching. her
by the throat, tried to take her purse
lmm her. She screamed for help and
her brutal assailant, evidently becoming
nlarmed, ran from the house and made
his escape. Inez Leonard, the keeper of
a disreputable house on Ellis street, was
also robbed of $000 by Wilson. Under the
pretense that he wanted to see her onMm
1-irtant business he gained an entrance to
'the house. While he was Introducing him
self as a rich cattle man from Arizona
he knocked her down. He then hurriedly
searched the bureau in the room and in
one of the drawers found a package of
greenbacks, which he took. The woman's
screams for help attracted the attention
of a colored servant, who rushed to her
assistance. In the hallway leading to her
mistress" room the servant encountered
Wilson. She attempted to stop him, when
he struck her in the face, knocking her
down. As she lay prostrate on the floor
the: brutal negro kicked her in the
stomach.
The police have the names of two other
women who were also assaulted and
robbed by the desperate thief. They re
fuse to divulge the names of the women, |
but expect to have them present when the I
examination takes place in the Police i
Court.
There is a ■.vine suspicion among the
detectives who have been tracing Wilson's
movements that he is wanted in some
other State for a more serious crime than
robbery- They have sent his description to
the various Sheriffs throughout the country
with a view of having htm positively iden
tified. Wilson admits that he has gone
under the name of Martinez, but further
than thai he refuses to answer any ques
tions put to him by the detectives. To
day he will be formally booked on at
Uiist three charges of robbery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN
The Private Formula of a Noted i
Physician Made Known -Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind
to Strength and Vigor.
i.. W. knapp, M. D.
A moFt successful- remedy has been found for
/exual weakness such as lmpotency, shrunken
orprana. nervous debility, lost manhood, night
emissions, premature discharge and all other
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
caee of the difficulty, never falls to restore
the -cans to full natural strength and vigor.
The doctor who made this wonderful dlsoov-
lery ante to let every man know about It. He
■wl'll thf-ref.ire send the receipt giving the vari-
ous Ingredients to be used so that all men,
at a trifling expense, fan cur« themselves. He
f»nds the receipt free, and all the reader need
do i« to "end His name ant! address to L.. W.
Kr.app. M. D.. 1373 Hull building. Detroit,
Mich . requesting the free receipt as reported
In thin paper. It. Is a generous offer, and all
men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity^ '
4-0-fO*o4-O+O*o-fO-*-O*o-fO*O*o>
♦ , ,_,. t
VICHY I
8222& ■ ■ ■ •- £
♦ W Natural Mineral Water |
?fcfij*\ known for centuries and ♦
Mjgmßk Imported o
o /SOflL ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ jfr&jEs^L For Disordered Stomach *
♦ j^i^^Sg and Indigestion
O jr^f^'^^lts Talnc has been testl- 0
fissSa£™£ fled t0 b y thousands. +
7 I VICHY So-colled Vichy in Sy- T
L.rTJjt£-T* phons I
♦ |lj«&3j IS NOT VICHY. ♦
4 K^^k Get the Genuine. ®
° fevttJ 3 » i '' 5 -'»tJ Tour physician O
♦ V>U^SIR« *'"' reoomrn»r<J tt. 4
♦ K£^""~s2 A. VIGNISR, Ot«t.ribntl <i>*>i>nt ?
•♦ O-»-O-^ O-^O-*-O^O -♦■ O-»-O-»-O -+O+-.0-+-O-+
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO SOT DESPAIR ! I»o not
fer Longer! The jor* md ambition* of
life can be restored to yon. The very
worst case* of Nervous Debility are
absolutely cored by PKKFKCTO
TABLETS. Gife prompt relief to in-
Komnla, falling memory Mid the wiitt
drain of vit»l powers, Incurred by
lndlßcretlons orexcefßMorear'y year*.
Impart vigor mil potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Give /***. bloom to the ,
Cheeks •ndustre to the eyes Of PJlfje bores at
OneHo »>,,* renews rital «nerfry.NlUß boiea at
• J.tOacomplet«*uariintee<lcure«mf or money re
funded. Can be carried In re«t > *""^ pocket. Sold
where, or mulled in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vie* by THE FKRFECTO CO., Caxtoa Bklg., CaUag*, Ui.
, •old b? Owl Drag Co., I. T. and Oakland. j
PATRIOTIC MUSIC WILL BE
HEARD ON "DEWEY DAY"
Prominent Members of the Native Sons of Ver
mont Who Are Working to Make Their
Celebration a Memorable One.
THIS city will take on a martial appearance on Monday next. Flags will he flying from every housetop, red, white
and blue bunting will decorate many buildings and cannon will thunder salutes In honor of Admiral Dewpy's
memorable victory In Manila Ray. "Dewey day" will be celebrated throughout the State In a highly patriotic
manner. Every citizen who has an ounce of patriotism In him will lay aside his toil and with his family partici
pate in the f< Btival.
Mayor Phelan Is alive to the occasion and has already completed plans to have military bards furnish music In the
three princi] t the city. Bandmaster Casassa lias been directed to have the bands render patriotic music at
South Park. Union Square and Columbia Park during the afternoon and evening of the great day. The expense for the
music will necessarily fall on the city's executive.
President Edward A. Belcher of the Pacific Association of the Native Sons of Vermont yesterday received the fol
lowing telegram from John 1). Ixuig, Secretary of the Navy:
"Your requ< n regard to Balute acted upon favorably, and commandants Mare Island and Yerba Buena
have been informed."
The foregoing telegram was In answer to a letter sent by Judg-e Belcher to the Secretary of the Navy on the day
Governor Gage Issued his proclamation declaring May 1 a legal holiday, asking that salutes be tired In honor of Admiral
Dewey.
On the same da} ground will bo broken a< the Norwich University, Northfleld, Vt.. for the erection of "Dewey
Hall." It waa at that university that Dewey received his education, and the action of the residents of that State in
ring Its famous son has been commended by the President and every patriotic organization In the country.
President Belcher has made a strong appeal to the members of the Native Sons to attend the grand celebration the
society will hold on "Dewey day" at Sunset Park In the Santa Cruz Mountains. He appeals to them to pull down their
petty cares and hoist their patriotism aloft on that occasion. He wants them to turn out en masse and bring their
friends on that day. "It is desired," he says, "to make this celebration of. the first anniversary of Admiral Dewey'a
victory (so momentous in consequences to us) eminently successful, and the active 00-operatlon of all who love 'Old
Glory' is warmly solicited."
The members have hearkened to his appeal and are already making active preparations to celebrate their holi
day among the trees and I ■ ( the Santa Cruz Mountains.
The committee of arrangements, which consists of A. O. Perkins (chairman), M. T. Ellinwood, V. F. Northrop, A.
E. Lucas and Becretary S. <;. Cheever, has worked hard, and there is every prospect that Its efforts will be crowned with
success. The auxiliary committee, which is composed of the following residents of Alameda County, has also rendered
great help, it is composed >>f Mrs. L. J. Hardy Jr. (chairman), B. F. Geddings, L. W. McLaugblln and Mrs. S. \V\
Dtmiiiß.
The following programme will be n ndered on the picnic grounds: Overture, national airs (Catlin). Golden Gate
I'ark Hand; invocation. Rev. George C. Adams, D I>.: brief remarks by the president of the day, Hon. Edward A. Belcher;
"Star-spangled Banner" (solo and chorus), Miss 1.. C. Snider; oration. Hon. M. M. Bstee; patriotic song, Rhys Thomas;
march, "When Dewey Comes Home" (Lee Johnson), Golden (iate Park band; "America," audience; benediction.
FINANCIER
JAMES SKIER
HAS ARRIVED
A Potent Ally of C. P.
Huntington.
TO NURSE RAILROAD HARMONY
I
HE WILL ARRANGE TO FLOAT
A BIG ISSUE OF BONDS.
The Central and Southern Pacific
Consolidation Scheme Was En
gineered by This Wizard
of Wall Street.
James Speyer of New York City, presi
dent of the New York and London hank
ing house of Speyer & Co., arrived in this
city late last night in a special train from
Monterey and secured apartments at the
Palace. Mr. Speyer ib a visitor of no
small Importance and has the reputation
of being- the leading financier of the day.
He la a close financial ally of C. P. Hunt
ington and his visit is made in connection
with the $125,000,000 bond issue of the Cen
tral and Southern Pacific consolidation,
which his firm is about to float among its
wealthy clients.
When Interviewed upon his arrival he
pleaded fatigue from the journey, but
said:
"Ninety-one per cent of the bondholders
and 90 per cent of the stockholders of the
Central Pacific have consented to the re
organization scheme by which the road
will be absorbed by the Southern Pacific.
My visit here Is to look after the situa
tion and I will pay particular attention to
the two roads and their sources of reve
nue I will attend the meeting of the Cen
tral Pacific directors to-morrow, when tne
final details of the consolidation will be
arranged. It Is my especial desire to pro
mote harmony among the various Inter
ests of the roads, as 1 am responsible to
my clients for a big load of Southern and
Central Pacific bonds and I do not wish
to increase the burden of my responsi
b "The reorganization proposition contem
plates the fssuance of $100,000,000 In 4 per
cent bonds and $25 000,000 In 3^ per cents.
The Central Pacific stockholders are to
surrender their stock to the Southern
Pacific and will receive share for share
of the new issue in exchange to the ex
tent of $68 000,000. In addition the Central
Pacific Issues to the 3outhern Pacific $20,
--000.000 In cumulative preferred stock. It
can. be well understood that this is a gi
gantic undertaking and will require con
siderable financial accumen to accomplish
successfully."
Mr. Speyer will be the honored guest at
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, THTJESDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
' the banquet to be jfiv-'n this evenine at
th>- Palace Hotel by the local heads of the
Southern Pacific to C. P. Huntlngum and
General Hubbard, fir^t vice president of
the company. >
J. D. Phelan at the Zinkand.
Mayor I'helan entertained a party at dinner
at the Zlnkand the other evening. ♦
i^i
, There are forty-elgnt different mate
rials used in constructing a piano, from
no fewer than sixteen different countries,
employing forty-live different hands.
■ m ■
Harvester King, Blnaers and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. *
. ♦ .
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Cured His Weakness.
Cured His Pains and Made Him Feel Thirty
Years Younger.
«*^m«^ There ls onlu one cure for the pains and
iiiiliyiSita weakness which result from a loss of vitality
klm and that curß ls D r °D prl^ aDDlipd Electrlcitu,
msf^^™**^ Consider the thousands who are being cured bu
Mm wk Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ; see how theu shout
lli *B^li out ouci thelr deeD Gratitude for being lifted once
W 'W^'fmtW more to the level of men; hear their heartfelt
x* A ¥ thanks to the doctor for his Invention, Theu Dro-
S !!C / c^ a^ m c act that this errand Belt is the onlu
IK -^5r / certain cure for such troubles.
-fVV^lteß^ MEDICINE FAILED MY BELT CURED.
/ A ■ UKTAH, Cal., April 16, 1899.
/ -> A V^^^V W&!7y9&5& d;r - M - a - McJ,A.UOHT.TN: Dear Blr— l have used your electric appll-
' , / V >(v^S Hlvi™/ >%- anr* »lac« IHSt October, und can say It has done wonders for me. 1 was
tm / \^\£^^t\ XNXt/ySS a broken down man, completely of no account for business or pleasure; was
C^^ '• vs3fi» 1> » (// dizzy, nervous, lame In leys, back, and In fact all over. My memory was poor
V m i^aix «. % '// and I was generally debilitated. I rot relief within three days after putting
V. ■■•; % ) ~s\ *Ik your Belt on; my strength Improved and the lameness left me, I have gained
Ik *V C^s\ . every day since, and lam now completely cured. I feel as I did u..rty years
[*" ■ »l ago. Your Belt knooka medicine into Christendom. I owe my health to It.
1 Toots truly, • J. D. HOPKINS.
Are You a Weak Man? Have You a Pain or an Ache?
If bo, let me show you this wonderful life-giver. Let me explain to you how it Is superior to every other
known method of treating disease. Let me give you the benefit of my 20 years' experience and study In cases
like yours. My advice is free. I will make a thorough examination and tell you honestly whether or not you
can be oured. If I say you .can, and you will give your case into my hands, -I will cure you. I give you the
evidence of 10,000 people to prove this. IP YOU CANNOT CALL, SEND FOR MY BOOK, "Three Classes of
Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay In young and middle-aged men. It
shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore thin power and gives the proof. It Is free upon applica-
tion. A call preferred. • Call or address
DP SANI.FN FIFfTPIf fft 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco,
UK. 3ANIJEK LUXiniL LI/., or 2O^ South Broadway, Log ' AngeleB .
lIP M 1 Mrl infiHl IN Minan-pr Office Hours— B A. M. to Bi3o P. M. Sundays 10 to 1.
u a. in. a. flicLAuunLin, manager. never solo in drug stores.
Ocean ./ater Tub Baths.
101 Seventh at., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
— . ■ m ■
A strange tree, styled the "moosanga."
grows in the Congo. When the tree is
cut at the height of about five feet a
large quantity of water is observed to
flow from the section.
■ ♦ ■ .
No home Is complete without an "Olym
pla Music Box." See them at Mauvals',
*69 Market street. •
.-•■; ■ ♦ ■
une-thlrd of the people who go mad
are said to recover their senses.
. ♦ .
H. Murphy. 630 Market street, lends money
on second mortgages and estates. •
TWO VESSELS
GET AWAY WITH
NON-UNION MEN
Transports Ready to ;
Sail for Manila.
REGULARS NOW ON BOARD
SOLDIER KNOCKED DOWN BY A
VIGILANT SENTRY.
Three Men Arrested on Howard-
Street Wharf for Cruelty to
Animals — Two Men Are
Badly Injured.
The captain of the schooner Webfoot
and the barkentine Newsboy had trouble
with their crews yesterday. The union
men did nut Intend to let these boats get
away without disturbance. The Web
foot was all ready to start, the tug Lib
erty had her Unes on her and just as Bhe
was straightening out two union men who
had shipped on her refused point blank
jto go. Remonstrance was useless, and so
j Captain Atwood ran up the. police Hag.
Two officers went ;i board to investigate,
when the men adhered to their resolu
tion and demanded to be put ashore. The
union boat carried them away. Captain
Atwood had then to come ashore to get
men to till their places.
The barkentine Newsboy, lying at Un
ion street, had also trouble with her crew.
The union men determined that Bhe
should not get away without making
their power felt. In order to avoid the
chance of any fights, Sergeant Thomas i
Maboney was detailed to go down to Un
ion street wharf and keep a sharp look- ]
out and prevent disturbance.
The City of Papeete had to be moved
from Lombard street yesterday to Steuart
street. There was a big swell coming in
from the north, which made the vessel
i chafe badly against the "»les, neceasitat
j ing her removal. •
! The transports Senator and Ohio were
loading supplies for the soldiers and fresh
meat at Kolsom street wharf yesterday.
I It Is expected that they will leave for
Manila to-day. The first and third bat-'
taliona of the Thirteenth Infantry ar
rived from tiie East earty in the morn
ing anu were marched down to the trans
ports. The second battalion, staff and
band arrived last night.. The Thirteenth
Infantry is under the command of Col
on.-1 Alfred T. Smith and Lieutenant Col
on.l Coe. It was one of the regiments
that made the galiant charge up San
Juan Hill. The Thirteenth Infantry and
recruits from the Presidio will till the two
steamers.
Folsom street wharf was packed with
soldiers. Their anus were stacked in the
middle of the wharf and a strong guard
was placed at the entrance to prevent the
soldiers from getting out and making the
acquaintance of the Bast Btreet saloons.
Despite every precaution, numbers of the
soldiers managed to mak.- their .-scape,
and every hour a corporal's guard had
to be Bent out to round them up. One of
the men made a determined e.ffnrt to pass
the guard at the gate. He pushed the
sentry's rifle to one side and started to
run, but the sentry clubbed his gun and
knocked the runaway senseless. He was
carried aboard the Senator and put in
irons.
Thomas Kelley, living at 1200 Stanyan
Btreet and employed in placing the wires
of the Pacific Patrol telegraph system
I underground at Main and Howard streets,
drove a pick through his left foot and
received a compound fracture. He was
taken to tin Harbor Hospital and was
treated by Dr. Hlmmelsbach.
Martin Hansen, employed on the steam-
I er Leelanaw, crushed his right foot and
; was treated by Dr. yon der Leith at the
i Harbor Hospital yesterday.
There was a disgusting display of cruelty
to animals on Howard street wharf yes
terday. The ship St. Nicholas, Hying the
Hume house flag, was ready to sail for |
Alaska, and a number of bullocks were
to be put aboard. The usual crowd was
down to see the cannery hands away and
the cowboys* determined to give an exhlbl-
I tion of their skill. )ne of them would
lasso a Bteer while another would get be
! hind and force the animal Into a run.
I When it was opposite the ship the. cow
boy who had lassoed the animal would
throw his horse on his haunches and the
Bteer would come down on its side half
strangled.
The nrst Steer that was to be put
aboard was the- one that caused the ar
rest of Robert Miner of. the stevedoring
firm of Eisehen & Miner and Frank Rojas
utnl William Harney, iwo cowboys from
Butchertown. There was no box in
which to hoist the animal aboard, so a
rone was made fast around Its horns, the
other end was made fast to the winch,
the engine was started, and in a few
■econds the struggling brute was hang-
Ing in midair by its horns. There was
no guy rope attached to the steer, so it
hung by its horns for four minutes and
a half before it was got aboard. State
Senator ISraunhart saw the beginning of
the torture and he lost no time in hunt-
Ing up Officers Lake and Shaw. They ar
rived while the steer was in midair and
at once began making arrests. They se
cured three prisoners, but two cowboys,
who were on horseback, put spurs to their
horsea and got away. The prisoners were
charged with cruelty to animals at the
Harbor police station, where they were
released on $50 cash oail.
MIDWEEK NOTES OF
THE PLAYER WORLD
The combination of "El Capitan" and 23
and 50 cent prices is booming the pros
perity of the Southwell company at the
Grand. The production is lavish in the
extreme, and in point of -ensemble and
stage picture superior to the one given
at the Baldwin by De Wolf Hopper. "El
Capitan" will run two weeks and expand
the fortunes of the company.
Roland Reed and his company are pre
senting an interesting farce comedy at
the Columbia Vailed "The Wrong Mr.
Wright." written by Broadhurst, and full
of smart American dialogue.
At the Tivoli "The Geisha," one of the
cleverest musical comedies since "The
Mikado," is enjoying a timely revival.
Ernest Hastings has scored a deckled
hit in the title role of "Captain Swift at
the Alcazar.
The Rays continue In popularity at the
California, playing their wild tarce-com
edy, "A Hot Old Time."
Lillian Burkhart, at the Orpheum. in
"A Passing Fancy" is still the strongest
legitimate attraction in town, me rest
of the programme is usual vaudeville.
Rosenthal, the pianist, gave another ex
cellent recital in the Grand Opera-house
yesterday afternoon to another small but
enthusiastic audience.
Pianist Saver plays to-night in Odd
Fellows' Hall a new and well-selected
programme.
In Sore Distress,
Officer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children yes
terday investigated a sad case of poverty
of a deserving worklngman, Hjnry Lan
niKan of 342 Madrid street. The officer
found' the man's two Little children beg
ging on Sixteenth and Valencia streets
and upon looking into the matter found
that the father, who is a painter, has
been out of work for a long time and his
family, consisting of mx children besides
himself and wife, has been reduced to
dire distress. Pride has kept them from
muking thfir condition known and even
when questioned much reticence waa
manifested. Temporary relief was pro
vided.
'■ An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syrui of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Sykup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
I medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
j taste and acceptable to the system. It
: is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling- colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
i stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
I liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
I taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
: remedy are obtained from senna and
! other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup \
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
! remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
l/)tnSVTLLE. KY. NEW YOHK, V. Y.
For sale by all DrwHsts.— Price 50c. p«r bottle
AMUSEMENTS.
THE RIO BROTHERS
Marvelous Ring Acrobats.
JOHN AND HARRY DILLON,
Comedians and Parodists.
GEORGE W. DAY.
Monologlpt.
THE- JACKLEY WONDERS,
Lofty Pyramid Artists.
ED M. FAVOK AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
CLARICE VANCE, THE ANDERSONS.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY In
"A Passing Fancy."
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Next Week-HAWTHORNE SISTERS. 4
NELSON SISTERS, THE VALDRES.
DEWEY MATINEE MONDAY. MAY 1.
TIVOLIOPERA-HOUSa
Mn. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgrr.
"Happy Japan, Garden of Glitter."
EVERY EVENING AT I.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
PUPERB CAST.
Enlarged Chorus. Augmented Orchestra.
Beautiful Scenery. Gorgeous Dresses.
•CHON-KINA-CHON-KINA."
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 1
Popular Prices 28c and ROo
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
A POSITIVE SUCCESS.
CAPTAIN SWIFT
AN INTENSE DRAMA OF HUMAN IN-
TEREST.
PRICES IS6. 25c, 38c, 60c
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY
NEXT MONDAY AFTERNOON.
EXTRA DEWEY MATINEE
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
CHUTESJND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR GANTZ, the Merry Midget,
JOE STORMS JR., CONGO and
the REMAINS of SALLY In
THE ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN THEI?REE THEATER.
MINIATURE RAILWAY BEGINS RUNNING
TO-DAY!
TO-NIGBT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
Amateur Burlesque Boxing Natch.
! Beianre Beats by Phone Steiner IB4L
DB. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Wonderful New Discovery in
Medical Science.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent physician and specialist, Dr. Kil-
mer, has marvelous powers in promptly
curing kidney, liver, bladder and uric
acid troubles.
Kidney trouble is responsible for
more sickness and sudden deaths than
any other disease. Your kidneys filter
your blood and keep it pure.
By special arrangement with our
paper, The Call, every reader who has
not already tried it will be sent free
by mail, postpaid, a sample bottle of
this famous discovery, Swamp-Root,
also a book telling more about it and
containing some of the thousands upon
j thousands of testimonial- letters re-
ceived from men and women who owe
their good health, in fact, their very
lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
erties of Swamp-Root.
Be sure and mention reading this
generous offer in the San Francisco
Daily Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
is what you need you can purchase the
regular fifty-cent and one-dollar bot-
i ties at the drugstores or from medicine
i dealers.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Marian! Wine Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERT-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait*
and endorsements free.
MARI.'NI & CO., 52 W 15TH ST., NEW YORK.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
LAST 4 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE RAYS.
JOHN NT-EMMA.
In Their Howling Success,
A Hot
Old Time!
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
GREAT LJGHT OPERA PRODUCTION.
Evenings at 8. Saturday Matinee at. 2.
THE SEASON'S GREATEST HIT.
Bravos From Hundreds of Voices. Audience
•Stood and Cheered tor
EL CAPITAN
At Last Night's Performance by the
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
"The Southwell Opera Company Is at Its best
In John Philip Sousa's 'El Capltan.' At the
finale of the second art the "El Capltan March'
was received with enthusiasm, as was 'Th«
Stars and Stripes Forever,' rendered as an en-
core."— Call, April 25.
SATURDAY. BERKELEY UNIVERSITY
NIGHT— DECORATIONS.
OUR OLD PRICES •. 25c and 500
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Night. Including Sunday, i
MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROLAND REED,
i Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH, In Bis
Latest* Success,
THE WRONG
MR. WRIGHT.
By GEORGE H. BROADHURST,
Author of "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
Next Monday— Second and Last Week— RO
LAND REi v .D AS "THE WONxAN HATER."
CONCERTS AND BEdOBTS.
SUTRO^ATHs!
SUNDAY. APRIL 80, MONDAY. MAT 1. 1891.
Grand Opening of the Swimming
Season.
OPEN NIGHTS THEREAFTER.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
Admission, 10c; children, 6c. Bathing, Includ-
Ing admission. 25c; children, 200.
INTERCOLLEGIATE CONCERT.
CALIFORNIAand STANFORD
..ALHAMBRA THEATER..
Corner Eddy and Jones. ■
SATURDAY NIGHT, April 29, 1899.
GLEE. MANDOLIN AND BANJO CLUBS of
both Universities with Specialties.
ADMISSION 50 and 75 Cents
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling. boating, Plahl&g
i and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare round
trip. 26c; Children, ISo; Including admtssioa
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 11:18,
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Cjunpo at
11:16 a. m. ( 1. I and 6 p. m.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TWO LAST EXHIBITIONS.
This Afternoon at 3; Evening, 8:15.
REDUCED prices of ADMISSION, 25 cents;
children, 10 cents. MARVELOUS MOVING
PICTURES; POPE LEO XIII; return of he-
rqes of the late war, and over forty other mov-
Ing views; vocal and Instrumental music.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
Last Recital — SAUER
Reserved Seats. $1 and $2: First Two Rows,
{3. General Admission, 11. Seats at Kohler A
Chase's. Knabe Piano Used.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS:
CAMPERS*
EXCURSION
TO THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
■*!& BflOlTff rafcaggaaP- ."B^SVlilil^r. IBs ES'i.j
4MBP> SKo™flM» •' l - "*' *™^-'-- ■• •• "■^w -» i--^— w
Personally Conducted by
MR. W. H. MENTON,
Ex. Pass. Agt. S. P. Co.
SUNDAY, APRIL 30.
roundup $1-25.
The train will stop at the well-known camp-
ing resorts situated on the line of the nar-
row gauge. No crowding. Seats for all. Take
along your lunch baskets. .
LEAVE FERRT LANDING, FOOT OF
MARKET ST.. 7:45 A. M. RETURNING AR-
RIVE SAN FRANCISCO AT 8:05 P. M.
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agt.
H. R. JUDAH,
Asst. General Passenger Agt.
Weekly Call,sl.oo Der Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Silver advanced to CI ■•■Ms.
Mexican dollars ■ isi In sympathy.
Wheat and Barley weak.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as before.
Hay and Feedstufts quiet.
PoUt weaker and Onions higher.
Green Peas and String Beans lower.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry due.
Fresh Fruits about the same.
More unfavorable reports about Prunes.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs tending upward.
PRUNE EXPORTS TO GERMANY.
SUDDEN DEMAND FOR SUPPLIES IS FOL
LOWED BY A SLIGHT STIFFEN
ING IN THE MARKET.
v""The Now V.irk Commercial says:
"As was noted some time ago. there has been
an Increasing demand for prunes from Ger
many, and, contrary to expectations, It has not
diminished. Formerly there was a good trade
with Germany, in prunes, but Agrarian legis
lation compelling odious inspection restricted
experts, and the past season there was tom
paratlvely little trade. Lately, however, the
conditions of Inspection have been so modified
that It amounts li> virtual annulment.
"There has been considerable shortage in
various fruit crops in Germany, and this fact,
together with a modification of the exclusion
decree, has caused an increased demand from
there, Sal»-s in the past few days have reached
several thousand boxes, including all sizes,
■ nd. it Is understood, at about lull market
prices.
"The Gorman trade has been considerable in
rears past, amounting In (he fiscal year closing
June 3'), ISHS, to 6,699,345 pounds, valued at
$354,242, according to Government figures, and
showing a larger demand than that Irom any
other two countries combined.
•The total exports ol prunes for the year
ending June 30, IS^B. according to Government
receipts, were 15,940,791 pounds, valued at
$1,021,555. Germany took the largest quantity.
Next was France, wl£h nearly 4.Oin».UOU pounds.
The United Kingdom took 2,000.000 pounds;
Netherlands. 1,800,000 pounds, and Belßlum
about 1,000,000, the remainder being distributed
among a score or more countries, taking from
120,000 pounds down to thirty, which were sent
to Cuba. With crops promising well and re
strictive legislation modified or entirely re
moved, exporters anticipate much larger sales
abroad this year than ever before."
MONEY. EXPORTS AND IMPORTS
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The money market has settled Into a con
dition of greater ease, which appears likely to
continue until the fall months. The treasury
has so arranged its withdrawals from the de
pository banks in connection with the payment j
to Spain as to cause the minimum of disturb
ance. The withdrawal of $1.000,000 a week is a
comparatively light affair, when it is consid
ered that the Government's excess of payments
over receipts will cause the return of part of
'.he money to the banks. The money markets
of the interior art: generally easy, and stiff
rates here would be apt to bring currency this
way all the more rapidly.
"Foreign exchange is sustained by the in
crease in the imports, together with the in
tluence of the remittance of $20,000.0"0 to Spain.
Compared with March, ISM, the imports of last
month show an increase of $11,231,017. On. the
export side there is a decrease of $5. 156,527 from
last year and an increase of $17. lSl.Tl!:.' com
pared with ISS7. The March excess of exports
over imports is $31,670.76?, compared with $51,
--1.-.5.313 in 1&98 and $1u.M0,503 in 1897 For the
first quarter of the- year the imports and ex
ports compare as follows:
ISM. IS9S. ■ • 1597.
Exports ■■•;>. $315,964,523 $261,055,216
Imports . : 191,291.423 165.464.546 156.:<42,>33
Excess of ex
ports $122,6:3.313 $150,499,977 $74,112,377
"Thus the surplus of e.-fyorts over imports for
the last three months Is $122.623. 313, while for
the same dates of last year it was $150,499,977,
und in ISS7, '$74. 112. ."77. Compared with the first
quarter of MS there is therefore a decrease in
the surplus of exports amounting to $27,575,6G4.
or at the rate of over $100,000,000 Tier year. It
will be seen from th^se figures that a tendency
has set in, since the opening of the year, to
ward a gradual diminution of the previous
large excess of exports over imports.' 1
_ * ,i ii — i—^■BBBBBBBBBBBBB
HER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 26, 5 p. m.
The following tre the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those ...f same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 31.85 31.23
Red Bluff 0.04 19.51 12.71
Sacramento- 0.01 13.92 8.57
San Francisco 0.00 15.91 7.7.".
Fresno 0.2?. ' 6. 53 4.16
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.63 16.36 6.06
Los Angeles 0.10 4.91 5.2S
San Diego 0.27 4. 53 4. 1S
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 46; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
The weather Is cloudy over the Pacific slope
and somewhat threatening over the northern
portion. Light rain has fallen" during the day
in portions of California and Northern Nevada
und over Washington and Oregon.
The pressure has risen over the southern por
tion of the Pacific slope and fallen over the
northern. It is highest off the coast of Central
California and lowest in North Dakota.
The temperature has risen In the San .Toa
quin Valley and in Southern Nevada; elsewhere
it has generally fallen.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
and somewhat unsettled weather in California
Thursday.
Forecast made at "San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 27, ISS9:
Nothern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
probably showers In the north portion to-night
and early Thursday morning; warmer; fresh
west wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;'
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Showers in north portion, partly
cloudy in south portion Thursday; warmer.
Utah— Partly cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair in south portion, partly cloudy
in north portion Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday, probably somewhat threatening in
the morning; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
«. —
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 26.— The net changes in
prices were generally trifling to-day, with ad
vances, however, outnumbering declines. Lon
don bought about 13.000 shared and there was a
rather cheerful tone to the early trading. Six
months' money was offered at 8% per cent on
railroad stocks and at 4 on mixed collateral,
and sterling exchange was steady at unchanged
quotations. The crop advices noted some im
provement, and as- a consequence the grangers
■were strong for a time, bat on realizing left oft
with Irregular changes.
Many specialties, after early strength, be
came weak, and among those which receded be
low yesterday's prices were Glucose. Sugar,
Continental Tobacco. National Steel. American
Smelting and International Silver. Denver and
Itlo Grande and Mexican Central were helped
by the rise in silver. Pennsylvania rose 2
points. Union Pacific and Norfolk ad Western
were strong spots among the railways. Ana
conda Mining held more than half of a 6 point
rise on renewed talk of the rumored copper
deal. Brooklyn Transit rose- over 3 points, on
manipulation, with accompanying rumors. Ad
vices that the certificates of the Manhattan OH
Company, the property of People's Gas, would
be Intuited to the stockholders of the latter
concern lifted Peoples Gas .i handsome frac
tion. The coalers became very weak In the
HUH] trading, Lackawanna dropping :'.- 2 on the
rumors of Impending labor difficulties, which
the officials of Lackawanna pronounced exag
gerated. The break in the coaler* Induced li
quidation elsewhere and the market closed
weak and active. Coincident with the easier
tension to the monetary situation dealings in
bonds became larger and there is a more urgent
demand for gold Issues. Total sales, $4,175,G0v).
United Slates 3's coupon declined '» and the old
4' a coupon advanced %.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
707,007 shares, including: American Smelting
4200; American Steel and Wire, 7300; American
Sugar, :W,SOO; American Tin Plate. 4300; Ana
conda, 67,100; Atchlson. 3M>; do preferred, 21 -
300; Brooklyn Rapid Transit, 91.500; do Rights,
15,500; Burlington. 6800; Continental Tobacco,
22.t>0>; Denver and Rio Gran • 19,800; do pre
feroM, 10,500; Federal Steel, SSOO; International
Paf>er, 6300; Louisville -and Nashville. 10,100;
Manhattan Consolidated, 6200; Mexican Central,
46,200: Mexican National Certificates. 10 300 Na
tional Steel. 19,800; Norfolk and Western, 10,
--200; do preferred. 16,400; Northern Pacific. •-■'•
do preferred, 6900; People's Gas and Coke 12 ■
600; Reading first preferred, 9900; Rock Island
6000; .St. Paul. 30,800; Union Pacific. 320O; Silver
llullion, 60,000 ounces.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ZO'.i Do pref<3 33%
Do prefd 61% St Paul 12»i4
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 i Do prefd 169
Canada Pacific... 93% St P A Om 95%
Canada Southern.. 57% Do prefd 171,
Central Pacific... BIJ4 So Pacific 33',i
Ches .v Ohio 27! : So Railway 127(,
Chi & Alton 168 Do prefd M%
Chi ii A; Q 14."', Texas & Pacific.... 22%
Chi & E III: It Union Pacific 46%
Do profd 121 Do prefd :■.--,
Chi O VV i:-'i '' P D & 0 12
Chi In<3 & L....... ll'.i Wabash 8^
Do prefd >'■■* Do prefd 23-,,
Chi A X W lCl'i Wheel & L E 13H
Do prefd i ■'■'■ Do prefd Mfc
C q (■ & St L 61H Express Companies —
Do prefd M Adams Xx 112
Del & Hudson 121U American Ex no
Del L * W IGS'4 United States 54
Den & Rio 0 24% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 7814 Miscellaneous-
Erie (new) 13 A Cot Oil S7«i
Do Ist prefd 37 I Do prefd 9314
Ft Wayne IK4 |Am Spirits 14
Ot Nor prefd 191 I Do prefd 374
Hocking Val ...... IHI Am Tobacco 220
Illinois Central. ...ll7».i Do prefd 145
Lake Erie & W 17 Cons Gas... 200
1 Do* prefd 69 Com Cable Co 180
Lake Shore 20 Co) F & Iron 51%
Louis A Nash 6.^ Do prefd 10s
Manhattan L 122% Gen Electric 119%
Met St Ry 251% Haw Com Co 10a
Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T..... '.13614
Minn & St L 59% lntl Paper 65
Do Ist prefd ..100% Do prefd S3
M Pacific 50% Laclede Gas 54%.
Mobile & 0hi0..... 47 Lead 34 1 ,;
Mo X * T }..-. 12% r>o prefd IK!
v Do , I : r< (' 1 -; .££ Nat Lin on .... *
N .1 Central 119* pacific Mail 62
N V Central 140% p2.,0"j 127%
ny chi *si v:: «» Pullman ?S:::: 160ij»
Do Ist '""■' b6 Silver Certificates. 62
Do - 1 prefd 324 Standard X & T... 10*
Nor West 21;* Su( , ar 169*1
No £"*•?£ Co 11', dc TweVd::::: 1165
No Pacific 52% T & Iron 63%
Do prefd \v 79 *» i'■ s Leather .. B's
Ontario & W 27% n _ nrP ffi :"> .
Or R& N. prefd... 69 { , D «,?', -••■• 52%
Or Short Line 41% b Do " ';..,, er i«%
Pac C Ist prefd... 85 Do 1 1> %'V " ,1 4
Do 2d prefd 58 h Vest r ? 0ni0n.... 92
Pittsburg IS4 AmS&AA. 67
Reading 22% Do Prefd-... »1H
Do Ist prefd!!.!.! 64% Federal Steel 67%
ROW 3.3 ; Do prefd 85%
Do prefd 76% Pac C0a5t.......... 40
Rock Island 116-yjNor & W prefd.... b9U
St Louis & S F... 11% Colo Southern 6-%
Do prefd 71 Do Ist prefd... 50%
Do 2d preM 3SS Do 2d ' )refd 20 ' 3
St Louis & S TV... 14
CLOSING BONDS.
V 3 is reg 100 j Do 4s 'I'-.
Do 3s 108 N V C lsts ..........
Do coup 10SS:N* j Cent Ren 55.. 119%
C S new 4s rag.. ..129 North Carolina 65.. 127
Do coup ISOVi Do 4s lnl
U 5 old -is reg.... 1124 N" 1' lsts 120
Do coup 113* I Do 3s b ' >
U s 5s reg 111% 1 Do 4s 103%
Do coup 113% :N" V C & St L 45..106 Vi
District 3.65s ' 117 Nor &TV con 45... 94%
Ala class A 110 | Do gen 6s .130
Do It 110 |Or Nay lsts 112
Do C 100 ! Do 4s 103's
Do Currency ....1 O S Line 6s 131^
Atch gen 4.s 10 Hi I Do con 5s •• 111%
Do adjt 4s 53% Reading Gen —S3
Canada Bo 2ds ....111 It Q W Ists .... 97<4
C ,v O 44s 95 IS.L & I M Con 55.110%
Do Es ...IIS |R I. & S P Gen 124%
C & N Con 7s 1434 St I' Cons li;s%
Do deb 5s ...."... .12* |St P C & P 15t5....122»4
Chicago Term 45. ..100% Do 5s .'. 122^8
D & R G> lsts 10S% So Ry 5s '.■' : ..
D & R G 4- 102 "Standard It & T Cs. 90
E T Va & Ga 15t5. 1054 Term new set 3s .. *7
Erie Gen 4s 72-. Tex & Pac lsts — 114%
Ft W & D C lsts.. S6 j Do 2ds 55%
Hen Elec 5s 115 D P4s 105%
GII&S A6s 112% XT P D & G Is: 90
Do 2ds -...11l Waash lsts 117%
II & T C ">s 112 I Do 2ds 98%
Do Con 6s 112 ,West Shore 4s — 114
lowa C lsts 110 |Wis Cent lsts ....69%
X C P & G lsts.... 67% (Va Centuries S4
La new con 4s ....110 Do deferred .. 8%
0 & N Uni 15.... 9SV; .Colo Southern 45.. 87
M X Si T 2ds .... 6SV*I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar f 32 Ontario " •"•" l
Crown Point 12 Ophtr : 110
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 1 60 .Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry.... 3.") Do prefd 800
Hale .-. Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 95
Homestake 55 00 1 Standard 2 25
Iron Silver 53 1 Union Con 50
Mexican 55 i Yellow Jacket 33
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Eli c Tel 198
Call loans '...3 fa 4 Atch prefd 61%
Time loans 3'- .'■! 4 Bond
Stocks— Atchlson 4s 1004
A T & St Fe 20-% Mining Shares-
Amer Sugar it.< Allouez Mm Co — 11%
Do prefd 118 Atlantic 88.
Bell Tel 866 Boston &- Mont 3!*2
P.oston & Albany.2s6 Butte & Boston 1044
Boston & Maine... lSl Calumet & Hecla..Sso
Boston L 100 Centennial 4">>i
Chi B .'■ 0 143% Franklin 274
Fitchburg 120 .Old Dominion . 50
Gen Electric 119% : Osceola 974
Fed Steel Quincy 171
Do prefd io^si Tamarack 240
Mexican Cent 16 S . : Wolverine 4S>£.
Rubber Parrott 904
West End 95\i ! Adventure 13U
Westingh Elec 4!" 4 I Union Land 104
Do prefd 64 iWinnna 16%
Mich Tel 90 iHumboldt 1%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 2tf.— Commerical Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram:
The markets here were animated to-day. Sil
ver spurted 1 l-16d to l- 4 .. causing a strong
demand for Mexican Railway issues and Den
ver and Rio Grande. There is talk of a sil
ver trust alter the style of the copper trust,
but this is regarded as too heavy, except for a
short-time control.
Americans were good all day, closing at the
best. Denver and Rio Grande led. Anacondas
began dull, opening at 12 7 H and closing at
13V«. Tintos were 18%@48%; Utahs, 10% Bos
tons, 3 5-16.
Seventy-seven pounds in gold barn was bought
by the bank. Five thousand pounds went to
India. The week's inflow was 350,000 pounds.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 26.— Canadian Pacific, 96^;
Northern Pacific preferred, SlVi: Union Pacific
preferred, 81%; Grand Trunk. S l^; bar silver,
steady, .-'■*'' per ounce; money, 1%@1% per
cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
: NEW YORK. April 26.— FLOUR-Receipts,
137,277 barrels; exports, 21.166 barrels; mod
erately active and barely steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 32.375 bushels; exports,
153,190 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, SOc,
to arrive, f. o. b. afloat, and 79c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 84% c, f. 0. i.. afloat; No. 1
Northern New York. 82% c, f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened easy and during the early session
ruled weak under bearish weather news and
short selling. A big export trade In th.- after
noon, however, alarmed short interests and
promoted a quick rally. The 1 lose was firm at
\%c advance to %c net decline later on May.
May. 76%@77c, closed 77c; July. 75 7 /i@76»;c,
closed 76Hc; September, 75 11-16ii"75%c, closed
75 r >t,c; December, 76%"(i76%c, closed 76»ic.
HOPS Quiet,
WOOL— Quiet and steady.
METALS— Tin was the only metal which ad
vanced worthy of mention to-day. The general
market seemed a decided improvement over
that of yesterday. Demand was of more heal
thy proportions, while offerings were on con
servative lines and in many instances at high
rates only. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet, with $10 50 bid
and $11 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, at $19 25.
TlN— Firmer, with $25 30 bid and $25 40 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 30 bid* and $4 35
asked.
SPELTER— Very firm, with $6 75 bid and $7
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and for
copper $19 25.
COFFEE— Options opened steady, unchanged,
to 5 points lower; closed steady, unchanged, to
i 6 points lower. Sales, 26,000 bags, including.
■ May. $4 '.•','((.'.; July. $5 15; August, $5 25; Septem
-1 ber, $5 25; October, $5 40i@5 45; November, $■'. 43;
December, $5 65; January, $5 70; March, $5 SO©
6 85. Spot coffee — Rio, steady; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw,- firm; refined. 'firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6010 packages; market
steady. Western creamery, 14W^jl7c; factory,
13^14c.
EGGS — Receipts, 14,693 packages; steady.
Western, 12©12% c; Southern, 12(gl2 l /ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK* April 26. — California dried
fruits, steady. . / ■ ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@B%c;
prime wire tray. S%@9%c; choice, 9 / !i9%c; fancy,
■:{■■■. ■■-• , J v
PRUNES— *%@9%c.
APRICOTS— KoyaI, 13',i«J14c; Moorpark, 14®
, ISc.
PEACHES— 9'al3c; peeled, 25<g2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 26.— Warm weather and
plenty of rain put wheat traders in a bearish
mood at the opening to-day. Long wheat came
out freely and was helped by a vigorous pound
ing by the bears and the market sagged stead
ily during the tirst two hours. The bears were
overconfident, however, and by complaints of
drought in Nebraska and reports of large ex
port sales were driven to cover. May options
had less recuperative power tha.ll July and the
premium for the latter widened to over a cent.
May opened %®%c lower at 71%@71%c, declined
to 70% c, advanced to 71% c and reacted to 7i' 4 .
--at the close. July started a shade lower at
72 1 4,e, sold off to 71Vtc, advanced to 72% c and
closed at 72%@72%c.
The line weather was against corn at the
start, but heavy buying of May by shippers
and. elevator concerns steadied the market.
May closed a shade lower.
' Oats were weak early on perfect seeding
• weather, but heavy purchases by shippers
against cash sales checked the downward
tendency.. May closed slightly lower.
Provisions ruled easier, with the principal
trade in th* changing over of May options into
July and September. May pork, lard and ribs
each declined 24c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— *
I May 71% 71% 70% 7P,i
July • 72% 72% 71% 71',
September 71% 71% 704 71%
I Corn No. 2—
I May 34V» 34",; 33% 34%
. July 34% 3r> 34% 34%
September »6% 35% 351.4 3514
1 Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
, July -24% 24U 21 2 4%
September 22 22% 21% 22
MesH Pork, per barrel—
I May '■' 00 905 R 97% 300
, July 9 17% 9 17% 915 9 17%
September 9 35 9 35 9 35 9 35
Lard, per 100 pounds—
May > 515 5 17% 515 5 17%
July 6 27% 5 32% 5 27% 5 32%
September 5 40 5 45 6 40 5 4J
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 470 4 72% 470 470
July .■ 485 485 4 82% 485
September 495 ♦ 97% 495 4 97%
cash quotations were as follows:
• Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
7O'g'7lc; No. 3 spring wheat, 66@71c; No. 2 red,
75(576e; No. 2 corn, 34% c; No. 2 oats, 27c; No.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
! 2 white. 30®30%c; No. 3 white, 29@30c: No. 2
rye, 5S%c: No. 2 barley, 36@45c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 ITU; Northwest, SI 21 401 21%; prime timothy
' seed, $2 35; mess pork, per barrel, $?fi'.i 05; lard, I
i per 100 pounds, $3 15@5 45; short rib sides, loose,
: $4 50@4 85; dry salted shoulders, boxed, 44@4%c;
short clear sides, boxed, $3 95@5 05; whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar,
; unchanged. s
; Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12.000 16.000
Wheat, bushels 95,000 59,000
Corn, bushels 306,000 1,081,000
Oats, bushels 350.000 362,000
I Rye, bushels 37,000 4,000
Barley, bushels 19,000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
i market was quiet and easy; creamery. 12@16c;
dairies, ill; 14c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 12% c.
Cheese, weak; creams, 114@124c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 5 774 5 7",
Closing .....5 7% 5 74
. PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug.
Opening 42 95 43 70
Closing 42 90 43 60
Wheat
j Opening 21 30 21 00
Closing 2125 20 90
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April Cattle were about
steady, excepting for big heavy grades, which
were discriminated against and ruled weaker.
j Fancy cattle brought $5 50@6 70; choice steers,
! $5 1..'/.'. 45; mediums, $4 50@4 SO; beef steers,
$4(£j4 55; stockers and feeders, $3 758/5 15; bulls,
?2 60(g4 25; cows and heifers, S3 50@4 25; West
ern fed steers, ,*4 20(55 30; Texas steers, $4@
; 4 90; calves, $4176 50.
Hogs declined L'4c. Fair to choice. $3 S7»-i<fi)
4; mixed. $4 ::,-.; 3 '.'I":.: butchers, $3 75©8 97%;
! light. $3 705 3 924; pigs, $3 35@3 80.
: Trade in sheep was lively at strong prices.
' Clipped sheep brought $s<ffs 10; common to me
| dium clipped, $4@>4 90; clipped lambs, $5@5 40;
1 culls, 14<nt 7a. a:i>! yearlings $5 IO«*5 20: Colo
rado wooled lambs, $5 75<g'S 05: wooled Western
lambs, $6 50@5 75; spring lambs, $9@12 per 100
pounds.
Receipts— Cattle, 12,000; hogs, 17,000; sheep,
12,000.
BOSTON WOOL, MARKET.
BOSTON. April 26.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: One of
the principal features of the wool market, dur
ing the past week has been the liberal pur
chasing of Australian wools held in bond by
i Germany. The wools that she has sought are
those which spin anywhere from -60s to 70s, a
large quantity of wool of 64s, quality being
among her purchases. The demand, however,
has run largely to territories and pulled wools,
: Australian and carpet stocks, the sales of car
! pet wools being larger than have been recorded
I for several months. Prices remain unchanged
| but firm. The Bales of the week in Boston
amount to 3,420,000 pounds domestic and 1,550,
--000 foreign, making a total of 4,797,000, again: a
total of 4.931.500 for the previous week and a
total of 532,000 for the corresponding week last
year. Sales since January 1, 1599, amount to
I 66,905,300 pounds, against 42.410.510 last year at
I this time.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES;
NEW YORK, April 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
| pany Bold California Cherries at auction to-day
as follows: Black Tartarian, $4 2506 124; Pur
ple Guine, $4 374; Advance. $3 374@3 62Va-
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $285,638,619; gold re
! serve, $244,165,253.
LONDON SILVER QUOTATIONS.
LONDON, April 26— me strength of bar sil
ver here, in which the price advanced from
27'jd on Saturday to 2S'id, the closing to-day, ;
is attributed to speculative buying and the re
fusal of American houses to Bell in belief that
prices will shortly be higher in sympathy 'with
the price of other metals.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April Consols', 1104; silver.
25.1; French rentes, 1011 95c; wheat cargoes off
roast, less offering: cargoes on passage, near ;
positions in demand; English country markets, I
generally 6d dearer. '■•; -
LIVERPOOL, April 26. — Wheat, steady;
wheat In Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady;
French country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red Northern Duluth,
'■ steady, 6s 4d. Futures, quiet; May and July,
i is 7»->"d.
1 CORN Spot, American mixed new, quiet, 3s
! D4d. Futures, quiet: May, 3s 6%d; July, 3s 54d.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
! PORTLAND, April 26.— Clearings, 217,650; bal
ances, $38,265. -:.'.'■'■: '•'
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
I PORTLAND, April 26. — WHEAT — Easy;
{ Walla Walla, 58@59c; valley, 60c; bluestem,
61& 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 26.— Although the tone of
the wheat market was weaker to-day prices
suffered no decline, however, but trading was
; limited. Quotations remain at 59c for club, 63c
for bluestem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 s:u
■ Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 SbVi
I New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
| Fine Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars — 49%@50
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago declined at the opening,
■with more buyers than sellers at the decline.
The weather was favorable to the growing
crop. Local and St. Louis bears raided the |
market and Weakened it considerably, but it
subsequently recovered. -
The local situation was weak and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Snipping, $1050110; milling,
$1 12%@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
16,000 ctls, $1 12%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 06%; 2000,
06%. December— lß,ooo, $1 13; 10,000, $1 12%;
12,000, $1 127*.
Regular Morning Session— December — ctls,
$1 13; 4000, $1 13%. May— 2ooo, $1 06%.
Afternoon Session — December— Sooo ctls, $113;.
6000, M 13%; 6000, $1 13%. May— 2ooo, $10G- t ;
4000, $1 0614; 12,000, $1 Of. 7 60,000, $1 06.
BARLEY— Was a fraction weaker, both on
and off call.
Feed, $1 02%©l 05; Brewing. $1 10-gl 12V& per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— Seller '99, new
—8000 ctls, 87c: 8000, 86% c; 4000, S6%e.
Second Session— Seller '99, new- 2000 ctls, 87c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new— l 2
,-000 < tls, 87c; 2000. 8C»;c. • •-
Afternoon Session — Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
86% i 8000, &6%c; 2iX)O, 86% c; 4000, S6%c. Decem
ber— 2'XlO, 90% c.
OATS— There is nothing going on to change
quotations, one way or the other.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 46 per ctl; good .. to
choice $1 37H<8'1 40; common, $1 32%@1 85; Sur
prise, $1 45@1 50; Gray, $1 S2%®l 37%; Milling,
■ $1 4"'<il 42% per ctl; Red, $1 30@l 32%; Black,
$1 2.*. til 30.
CORN—
Small round Yellow. $1 30; Eastern large Yel
low. $1 12',-ts: White, $11|%: mixed, $1 06Vi®
1 10 per ctl: California White, nominal.
RYE— 97%C@tl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $3 eniff3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per bbl for extra,
■ $3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super
tine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
, Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
j cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5094 75;
: Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 2.VuO 50; Buck
! wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
I Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
I Oats (barrels), $6 BB®6 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
i Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF'S.
Receipts of Hay are light and so is the de
' mand. Prices are unchanged.
Feedstuffs are as previously quoted.
BRAN— SIS 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 60«120 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23 50@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 ©31 50; Job
! bing $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, ?24@25; Cotton
! seed Meal, $25&30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 iiutfj
24 SO; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed.
I $15 50©16 50.
HAY— Wheat, $13@14 for good to choice and
$10® 12 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $10@
13; Oat, $10-812; Barley. $7@9; Alfalfa. $5 60©7.
STRAW— 2S®SSc per bale. .._,:---
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There are no further changes to report In this
market. /
BEANS— Bayos, $1 5071 65; Small Whites, $2
@2 15; Large Whites, $1 50©l 60; Pinks, $1 Ss@.
1 95; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye. $4@4 10; Butters,
! nominal; Limas. $4; Pea, $2 25®2 40; Red Kid
neys. $2 4002 BO per ctl.
! SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2?i@3c: Flax. $2 lfi<7?2 25; Canary Seed
2W@2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, S%®9%c; Rape, 2(,i@
2*ic: Hemp. 2^(g3c; Timothy, 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 U&2; Green, $2 10®
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 653 boxes Asparagus, 547 boxes
Rhubarb, 362 sacks Peas, 50 sacks Beans and
552 sacks Potatoes.
Onions are tirnn'r at an advance. New Onions
I have appeared from Stockton, selling at $1 2."i
| per ctl. New Potatoes are in heavier receipt
and lower. Oregon Potatoes are also a shade
weaker.
In Vegetables, Peas and Beans are lower,
while Asparagus is rather firmer under lighter
arrivals.
I POTATOES— SI 40@l 50 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 40@l 65 for River Burbanks; Oregon. $1 15<8>
1 30 for seed and $1 50@l So for large; New Po
tatoes. 1%@2%c per lb.
ONIONS— SO©6Sc for fair and 85c@$l per ctl
for good to choice.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60cffTSl 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 ."'.'.(l 75 for No. 1 and $2@2 25 lor
fancy; Rhubarb. 40&75 c per box for the general
run and 90c4i$l for fancy; Green Peas, 24©
3i«c for common and 4c * for Garden; String
Beans, 6@9c for green and s@Bc for Golden
Wax; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes. $101 25 per
box, "as is"; Egg Plant, 124 c per lb; Garlic,
15c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Pep
pers, 10c; Green • Peppers, 25c; Carrots,
25@35c per sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l
per dozen: Sacramento Cucumbers. 50c: Sum
mer Squash from Los Angeles, S@loc per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The Poultry market shows no change. Re
ceipts were moderate yesterday, but two cars
from the East go on to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers
and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2;
Goslings. $2 28@2 50; Ducks, $6 50@7 50 for old
and $7 50(g'9 for young; Hens, $5Q6; young
Roosters,, $7 50#9; old Roosters, $sigs 50; Fry
ers. $6®7; Broilers, $o@6 for large, $;;■. for
small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
J2@2 50 for Squabs. : -;_'
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits. $125 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Creamery Butter is steady, but dairy descrip
tions are depressed. Cheese is easy and un
changed. Eggs show no further decline.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16Vi@l~c; seconds,
16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c: good to choice, 14@144c;
store, ll@l2c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10@
10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12@124c; Young Amer
ica. 11%<0'12%c; Eastern, 114@14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@154c for store and 16@
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. •
Receipts were 450 ' boxes Cherries and 252
chests Strawberries.
A good many Strawberries are coming in
green and otherwise poor, which affects their
sale.
Arrivals of Cherries were larger and quota
tions were rather weaker, though they are still •
high.
There is nothing new in Citrus Fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $1 25(gl 60 for common, $2@2 50 per I
box for No. land JIM/;-! 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, ; ' v per 'chest for small and |
$4@6 for large berries
Cherries, tli'C'ifl for red, 75c@$l for white
and $\<iii. 50 per box for black; extra fancy
black sold at $1 75.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50©3 50 !
per box; Seedlings, $I@2; Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 50(?i2; Lemons, $1 25@1 50 for common and
$2<g2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
$7i§7 50; California Limes, {101 25 per small
box; Grape. Fruit, $1 50<5'2 50; Bananas. $1 50@
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
During the past ten days a number of tele
grams have been received from Santa Rosa,
saying that the Prune crop of Sonoma County
would not be more than a quarter or at best
half a crop. One telegram yesterday placed the
yield at a quarter of a crop. It is to be hoped
that the situation Is not as had as this, though
It Is now thought by everybody that the Prune
crop of the State will be limited this year. A
statement of the exports to Europe appears in ;
the first column. --..'"■. •  1
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's. 5@
»4c for 80-60's, 4<it44c for 60-70'p, 3Vi«534c for
70-80' 2%@3%C for 80-90' 5 ,@2%c for 90-100's
and 2<i?2Uc for 100-110's; Peaches, 8%@9%c for
good to choice, 10@10V£c for fancy 'and — - for
peeled: Apricots, 12%@15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun
dried, 6%®7%c; Black Figs, sacks, S%c; Plums,
nominal 2c for unpitted and 44(g6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 44'fT6e for Seedless
Sultanas, S%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%^ 3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts. s<ffSc
for hardshell, lO^illc-for softshell; Almonds,
&<liOc for hardshell. 12$ I3c ' r softshell, 14t}16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6 / ii7c for Eastern and
44®5c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and S«??c .
for lower grades; water white extracted, ■■, j
7%c; light amber extracted, "c; dark, 5@54c
per lb.
BEESWAX per lb.
• PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Sc per lb for heavy,
S4i??9c for light medium, 10%(g)llC for light,
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured:
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 104@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 1".-; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
>(, c* Beef. $11: Family Beef, $15®15 50; extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
SmokPd Beef, lie per lb.
LARD Tierces quoted at 5%®5%c per lb for
compound and 7%57%c for pure; half barrels, i
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
' less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 in a case, 94c:
3-lb Dalle, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in
a case, S4c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7 7 , c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 84c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net. 774 c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7-V'.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 84c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6®€%c; Salted Kip, »c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands,
ISc; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c:'
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool. 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90cf|$l 10 each : Horse Hides, salt, $1 7■;2 25
for large and $1 for small: Colt! r.Oc.
TALLOW No. 1 rendered, 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2. S%@4c: refined. ; grease, Be.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 7(S9c; year's staple, 6@
Be; Foothill find Northern free. 10@12c: Foot
hill and Northern defective, S@loc; Nevada,
Stfrllc. j ..■'" r
!' }\ Wools-
Northern Mountain - 6%@Bc
Southern 44®7c
Plains 4 «6c
HOPS— IR9B crop, 10®11c per lb for ordinary.
12@'12%c for gcod and lJ@lsc for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentin
Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per. ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Hay. *6; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $850 in bulk and $9 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $*i 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In lacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine crushed. SV - : Pow
dered, s r> 4c; Candy Granulated, 5Uc; Dry Granu
lated. ..'„<; Confectioners' A, <I%c; California
A. 4%-:. Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Gold
en C, 44c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c^nore; 50-lb bags, %c more. ]
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The firmness in Hogs continues. They are
scarce and a further rise Is rather expected by
the trade.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 74ffB%-c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 74@8c per lb. v .
MUTTON— Wethers, B@B%c; Ewes, 7@74c
per lb. . . •
LAMB— 9®loe per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 5@5%c for small, 5%C for
medium and 4%@4%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4%®4%c; dressed Hops, 6%@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For "Wednesday, April 26.
Flour, qr Bks 7,342 Wool, bales .. 378
Barley, ctls 3,700 Pelts, bdls 244
Tallow, CtlS 244 Hides, No. 317
Cheese, ctls 284 Hay. tons 240
Butter, ctls ■ 294 Sugar, bbls in
Eggs, doz 21,180 Sugar, sks • 6,525
Leather, roils ... ."■(( Beans, sks 1,987
Lumber, feet 30,000 Potatoes, sks .... 1,442
Wine, gals 30,000 Onions, sks 44
Quicksilver, fiks. 40 Bran, sks -. 2,765
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 1,200 1 Potatoes, sks 791
THjsi b'IOUK MAKKuIT
The activity In local securities continued on
the morning session and fluctuations were un
usually wide. <!iant I'owder rose to $75 50 and
fell back to }7I 75. Contra Costa Water dropped
back to $71 12%, 'las and Electric to S7l 50,
Mutual Electric to $lti 25 and Hutch lnson from
$36 75 to $3.1 76, Panuhau sold at Jt2 50Q41 7G
and Hawaiian at $110. Other changes were
slight. It will thus be seen that the general
feeling was weak all along the line. Sates were
heavy,
(in the afternoon call Giant Powder sold
1 rwn to J7i 50 and Gas and Electric to |70 75,
and < tceanic sold up to $7:'.
Mining stocks showed no particular change.
The telegram irom the pump said: "Elevator
working steadily. Water In the winze la 33
reel i Inches below the station. "
Private advice* from Virginia City state that
good progress is being made with the installa
tion of the second elevator and atttachinenlti
below the 1860-fooi level of the C. and C. sh.ift.
If everything goes well the new pump will be
ready to ' Start by Saturday or Sunday.
The annual meeting of the Justice Mining
Company which had been called for May 1 has
been postponed to May 2. as May 1 has been
declared a legal holiday.
The Boston and Montana Copper Mining
Company has declared a dividend of $i per
share and $2 per share extra, payable May 29.
In 1898 the company paid $16. In 1897 $12, In
: 1896 $10, in 15.15 $7 and in 1594 $2. The divi
! dends just declared increase the total dividends
I to $10,775,000.
The letter from the Justice mine says that on
| the 370-foot level the west crosscut from the
station is out 95 feet. The face is in quartz
i and porphyry. The old west crosscut from the
Waller-Defeat-Justice lateral drift was cleaned
out and retimbered 10 feet; total distance, 70
feet. No ore was hoisted during the week, as
the dumps and ore house are full. .The con
centrators will be in place and the mil lready
to start up by May 1. As soon as the mill
starts they will resume the extraction of ore.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April 26—2 p.' m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L, & P... 7 8
Is quar c0up.. 114 — Eqult G L Co. 7 7%
4s quar res... — — ! Mutual El Co. 16% 16%
is quar new.. — 130 ! Oakland Gas:. 44 47
iis quar coup..loSVi — I'ac Gas Imp.. — 72%
i Miscellaneous— Pac LCo 42% 45
| Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — SF. G & E.... 70% 71
Cal Elec L, «s.I2SViI»7H San Fran 3% 3%
!2 C Wat 55.... 110 — Stktn Gas 6s. — 13%,
; Duo-st -x •_•... — - insurance—
!EL & P 65.... 130 133 Flrem s Fund. 2lß 227%
KAcOl Rv tis.nii - Bank Stocks—
3eary-st R ss. 9S • — Anglo-Cal .... — 67%.
HC & S 5%8.102% — Hank of Ca1.. 256 —
i L A Ry 55....1U4»i105'/i Cal S D & T. 9814 99
!liA L Co 65.. 101 - — First Nat10n1..222% —
i Do untd 65. .101% — |i,,,n V & A... — 131%
; «arket-st .127% — 'Her Exchange— 16
• Do Ist M 55.116>..n<7'» Nev Nat Uk..lSo —
NCN G R 7s. 108 — " Savings Banks—
N R Cal 65. ..115 116' A Ger S & L.. — 1630
N Ry Cal .114 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
.XP CR R 55.10S — Mutual Say.. - 41%
XPC It R 55.103 103 i 3 F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 58.107 — S& L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55... 110 — Security S B 300 350
Om C Ky H-«..l;s'A— Union T Co. — 1463
P&CI Ry 6s. — 107% Street Railroads -
P*«> «3 117 - " California 112 116
Powell-st 65... — 122". Geary 57% —
Par El Ry Rs. - - Market-st 63 63%
3F& N P bb.115% — I oak SI.& H. - -
5F & S JV58.113 116 Presidio 12 —
SlerraßCal 65. 107% — ! Powder—
B P of Ar 6s. 112% — California .... — 190
BPC 6s (1905)111 — E Dynamite... — 100
inP C«s (1906) — — i Giant Con Co. 73V4 —
6PC 6s (1912) — - iVlgorit 2>4 2%
ISPC Is eg ss. JOS — ! Si-.ear—
?!'Br 6s 123 I?". Hana P C 0.... 17% —
S V Water 6s. — 117 Haw C & 3 C.llO 111
i S V Water 45. 104% — Hutch Sl' Co. 35?; 36
' 5 V W45(3dm)102%102% Paauhau S P. 42>i 43
Stktn Gas 65. .100 — M-itnan'ous-
Water Stocks- Al Pac Assn. .llo —
Contra Costa.. 70? i 71*4 '.<-r l.<l VVks..2ov —
I Mann C.n .1 \<. - Ex Assn.. W
Spring Valley. loo%lol i Oceanic S Co. 79U 79%
Gas and Electric— 1 I'ac A F A — IS 1^
Capital Gas... — — !Pac C Bor Co.lll —
Central G Co.. — — '• .■ 1 Bint Co.. ,'i -
Morning Session.
Board— ■
10 Alaska Packers* Assn .i 110 25
6 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 12%
220 Contra Costa Water 7150
LOO Contra Costa Water 7162%
25 Contra Costa Water 71 Si%
25 Contra Costa Water 71 25
100 Contra Costa Water 7112%
25 Equitable Gas 7 «0
150 Giant Powder Con 75 00
50 Giant Powder Con 7", 25
30 Giant Powder Con 74 75
30 Hana Plantation Co, cash 17.50
200 Hawaiian Commercial A: Sugar... . in 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. ..lCC 00
$1000 Market at Cable 6 per ct bds, cash.l2S 00
20 Hutehinson S P Co 36 62%
ISO Hutchinson S* P Co 36 75
150 Hutchlnson S I' Co 36 50
96 Hutchinson S P Co 36 25
10 Hutchinson S P Co 36 12%
233 Hutchinson S i' Co 36 00
50 Hutchinson S.P Co 35 75
75 Hutchinson S P Co 35 87%
10 Market Street Railway 63 00
5 Mutual Electric Light 16 25
150 Oceanic S 9 Co 78 25
235 Paauhau S P Co 42 50
70 Paauhau S P Co 42 75
7.". Paauhau S I* •'". 'ash 42 50
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 72 00
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co — 71 75
100 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co — 71 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Giant Powder Con 74 00
10 Giant Powder Con 73 75
36 Giant Powder Con 73 50
56 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 110 00
225 Hutchinson S P Co 36 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co 36 12%
SO Hutchinson S P Co 36 00
115 Hutchinson S P Co, l> 5 36 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 1C 00
20 Mutual Electric Light 16 25
55 Mutual Electric Light 16 37%
100 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
50 Oakland Gas 46 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 79 00
100 Oceanic S S Co 79 50
360 . auhau S P Co 42 75
250 Paauhau S P Co 42 57%
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co — 71 25
70 San Francisco Gas, & Electric — 71 00
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co — 70 75
$1000 s F & N P Ry bonds 115 25
120 Spring Valley Water 100 75
Street —
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 00
$6000 U s i per cent bonds (new) 129 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Giant Powder Con 75 00
$3000 S P of Ariz 6, per cent bonds 112 00
70 Equitable Gaslight ' 12%
BO Paauhau S P Co 41 12%
10 Market Street Railway 62 57%
10 Market Street Railway 62 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co 37 00
Street— PCo 42 50
25 Paauhau S P Co 42 50
Afternoon Session.
Board— •
5 Paauhau B P Co. 42 50
5 Paauhau S P Co 42 75
50 Equitable Gaslight. 7 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 78 12%
DO Contra Costa Water 71 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in th* San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 13 50 Ophlr 125
700 Belcher ..." 37 200 Overman 13
250 Con Cal & Va..l 75 200 Scorpion 03
50 Con Cal & Va..l SO 150 Sierra Nevada. l 00
200 Gould & Curry 38 100 Sierra Nevada. 99
200 Hale & Norcrs 24 i 500 Union Con — 52
300 Ophir 1 20;
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 60 : 100 Mexican 60
200 Best & Belcher 61 200 Ophlr 130
100 Challenge 85 200 Ophlr 125
200 Con Cal & Va..l 90 500 Seg Belcher 04
100 Confidence SO!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ':,/■;• - ■'-■
Morning Session.
200 Andes 12 200 Justice 19
500 Belcher 37% 200 Mexican 59
200 Belcher 36 200 Ophlr 120
500 Beet & Belcher 57 700 Ophlr 1 22%
400 Best & Belcher 59 500 Ophir 125
300 Caledonia 29 50 Ophlr 127%
800 ('hollar 33 400 Overman 13
200 Con Cal- & V...1 80 1500 Potosl ". 25
200 Con Cal & V.l 77% 400 Sierra Nevada.l 00
200 Con Cal & V.I S2 1 -, 100 Sierra Nevada. 99
100 Confidence 75 50 Sierra Nev 1 02%
300 Crown Point .. 20 ' 200 Union Con 53
400 Crown Point .. 21 : 600 Yellow Jacket. 43
400 Gould & Curry 38 200 Yellow Jacket. 42
200 Gould & Curry 39
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 37
400 Best & Belcher 60 200 Ophir 130
200 Challenge Con.." 35 200 Savage 27
200 Con Cal & Va..l "-5 500 Seg Belcher ... 04
300 Gould & Curry 41 ' 100 Sierra Nevada. l 05
250 Hale & Norcrs 25 1 200 Union Con 54
300 Mexican 60 500 Utah 13
400 Mexican 61! 400 Yellow Jacket. 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY,. ApriI 26—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask.' , Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 03 06 Justice IS 19
Alta 09 *10iKentuck ; — 05
Andes ..• 12 13! Lady Wash .... — 01
Belcher 37 3*. Mexican ...: 60 61
Best & Belcher 60 61 1 Occidental .... 33 —
Bullion. 02 03 Ophir ...." 125 130
Caledonia 80 32 Overman 12 13
Ch .liar 32 33 Potosl 25 26
Challenge Con.. 35 36' Savage 27 2S
Confidence 7S 79 Scorpion 01 03
Con Cal & Va.l 85 190 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. l 00 105
Crown Point.... 21 22 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Exchequer — 03 Standard 560 275
Gould & Curry 40 41 Union Con 54 53
Hale & Norcrs. 24 25 Utah 12 13
I Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 43 14
NOTICE. TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
April 26,' 1599.
FORECAST OF WIND AND "WEATHER IN
THE NORTH PACIFIC OCEAN FOR
MAY. 1899.
During the month of May, the sun being well
north of the equator, the wind and weather
may be expected to undergo marked changes
in several parts of the ocean.
The Area of High Barometer— N. E.
Trades*— The sub-chart of isobars and isotherms
which appears' elsewhere on the chart, and
which expresses generally the meteorological
conditions, shows an almost permanent high
with its center near latitude 35 degrees N. and
longitude 140 degrees W. Around the high the
general circulation of the wind is with the
sun. Along the south side the N. "c trade
winds will be found with an average force of
4 or 5 (Beaufort scale), varying in direction
from NE. to K. N.K., and with northern limit
near the 30th parallel. To the west of the
Hawaiian Islands, in the vicinity of the ->oth
parallel, they will probably be from the east
Northerly and northwesterly winds will replace
the trades between the American coast and a
line drawn from latitude 30 degrees X lone!
tude 130 degrees \V. . to latitude 10 degrees V "
longitude 100 degrees W. The southern limit
of the N.E. and . northern limit of the SP
trades will be found farther north than dur-
Ing April. In the doldrums, or calm regions"
between the trades, much rain. and frequ-nt
thunder storms may be expected along the
coast of Central America.
The Area of Low Barometer— The Prevailing
Westerly Winds— the Aleutian Islands
will be found an almost permanent low of con
siderable depth. The general c rculation of
the winds around this low Is against the sun.
In this low area it will be observed, by an In
spection of the suS-chart, that the pressure di
minishes more gradually than last month,
hence lighter winds are to be expected. Be
tween this low and the high there is a general
movement of the atmosphere from Asia to
America, as evidenced by the westerly and
southwesterly winds. In the zone between 3o
degrees N and 50 degrees N. frequent mod
erate westerly gales may be expected, accom
panied by rain, and north 45 degrees N. lati
tude with occasional hail and snow. ihese
gales may be expected, however, to be less
frequent as compared with last month.
Cyclonic and Anttcyclonlc Circulations—Occa
sional spiral circulations, viz.. the cyclonic
(against the sun), with low barometer, and
the antlcyclonic (with the sun), with high
barometer", will be found moving In a general
easterly direction across the ocean. Gener
ally, in front of the cyclonic area, or the low,
! the weather is damp, with thermometer rising
and barometer falling; while in front ol the
anticyclonic circulation, or the high, it is dry.
cooler, and the barometer rises. The Average
I Storm Track" traced on the chart shows the
average path of the centers of these lows, and
as this crosses the Pacific above 50 degrees N.
latitude, the storms and gales experienced in
this ocean to the southward of the track, and
:::, degrees N. latitude, are generally
from S.W. through W. to N.W.
Monsoons— As a consequence of the changes
in meteorological conditions over Asia during
this season, we may expect to find the N.I-.,
monsoon dying out. it being interrupted with
variable Winds and calms until the S.W. mon
soon sets in. steadily along the S.E. coast Of
Asia, toward the end of the month. This
monsoon brings with it the wet season, and
hot. sultry and rainy weather may be ex
pect cd . '
Typhoons— Mariners are reminded that th?
season for these storms is at hand, and that
they may be expected to occur with Incn
| frequency as the summer advances. Th
I ter of such typhoons as occur during the prts
! ent month may be expected to follow one or an
other of the tracks designated Id, Hie, 1\ a.
(See list and chart.)
Fog Occasional fog may be expected along
the coast Of China from the Strait, of Formo-
Btt northward to Shanghai, throughout the
Strait of Korea, and along the easi -
Japan; ,-ilso along th° trans-Pacific steamship
routes north of the parallel of 4." degrees and
easi of the 180 th meridian; frequent fog along
1 the American, oast north of San Francisco
I Hay and throughout th» Gulf r.f Alaska.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetk Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same' at both places.
THURSDAY, *APRIL 2T.
Sun rises '. 5:17
Sun sets 6:57
Moon rises 9:21 p. m.
D Time Time Time! ITimel
» Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
<•> L W H"W L W H Wi
27... 6:30— 1:36 4.6 6:08 2.9
II W L .' H W L W
28 ... 0:11 6.1 7:20—0.9 2:31 4.6 6:59 3.0
29 ... 0:56 6.0 8:13—0.8 -3:34 4.7 7:59 2.1
30... 1:31 6.7 9:10—0.6 4:34 4.8 9:14 3.2
1 ... 2:59 5.4 10:10—0.3 5:31 .6.0 10:34 3.0
2 ..-. 4:14 5.0 11:10 0.0 6:21 5.3 11:70 2.5
3 ... 5:36 4.9 12:09 0.3 7:09 5.5 |
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
han& column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
thf day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
!ast tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
Vnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus si(;n (— ) precedes the heißht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
re'oren.e Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphic Office, U. S. N\, Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 26. I
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
buildlnK was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
I.uella Tillamook Apl. 27
Wellington [Departure Bay lApl. 26
Samoa Humboldt Apl. 777
Mineola Nanalmo [Apl. 27
Umatilla Victoria ft Puget CioundiApl. 27
Pomona Humboldt... Apl: 27
Point Arena Point Arena . Apl. 27
Australia Honolulu Apl. 27
Athenian Victoria Apl. 27
Empire [Coos Bay [Apl. 2S
Coos Hay ; Newport - Apl. ZS
America Maru.JChlna and Japan Apl. 2?
A. Blanchard...!Coos 8ay.... [Apl. 28
Weeott Y.iquina Bay Apl. 28
Progreso Seattle Apl. 29
Aloha IPoint Arena |Apl. 30
Columbia Portland iApl. 30
Corona San Diego |Apl. 30
Curacao Mexico Apl. 30
Mackinaw Tacoma Apl. 30
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor [Apl. 30
North Fork Humboldt May 1
Newburg (Grays Harbor [May 1
Bonita Newport May 2
Belgian ..Thina and Japan .May .*!
Queen Victoria ft Paget Sound May 2
Crescent City... 'Crescent City /..May 2
Homer Departure Bay May 2
Santa Rosa San Diego May 4
State of i -,!.... Portland May a
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Alliance ....Oregon Ports. JApl. 27. 10 amlPler 20
: State Cal... Portland Apl. 28, 10 am Pier 2*
Santa Rosa [Pan Diego Apl. 2S, 11 amlPler 11
! Peru 'Panama Apl. 28. 12 m|PMS3
I Coptic IChtnaft Japan Apl. 28, 1 pmIPMSS
. Areata 'Coos Bay Apl. 20, 10 am' Pier 13
Pt. Arena. .'Point Arena.. Apl. 2!), 3 pmiPler .'
Pomona ....'Humboldt Apl. 29, 2 pm|Pler 9
Coo* .Newport lApl. 30. 9 am Pier 11
A Blanch' d Humboldt Apl. 30, 3 pm'Pier 13
Umatilla . . Vie * Pf?t Sd. 'May 1. 10 am Pier 9
Corona San Dinar, IMay 2. 11 amlPier 11
Columbia ..IPortland 'May 3, 10 ami Pier 24
Bonlta (Newport I May 4. 9 amlPier 11
Sails.
SHIPPING I^TELLIGE.VCi:.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. April 26.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Br tmr Wellington, Salmond. 90 hours from
Departure Bay. ; >: :
Hktn Eureka. Schow, 11 days from Tacoma.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nyman, 4S hours from
Ivjrsen's Landing.
Sohr Lillebonne, Hansen, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Maria E Smith. Smith, 11 days from
Port Gamble.
. Schr North Bend. Palmgren, 6 days from Co
lumbia River.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, April 26.
Stmr Gertie Story, Haaven, Karluk; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria-
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wyefield. Cartmer, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfelrl's Sons.
Mcx schr Luz de la Luna (ex Moonlight)
Rubie, Santa Rosalia: W Loaiza & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. April 26.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnaon, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Krai;*. .
Stmr CoqulUe River, Thompson. Grays Har
bor.
U S stmr Badger, Miller, Apia
Ship St NWholas, Olsen, Karluk
HUt:i Newsboy, Mollßtedt, Port Blakelev
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Bowens Landing.'
Schr Webfoot, Atwood, ColumWa River.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Jensen, Stewarts
Point.
S. hr Gem, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Schr .1 Eppinger, Colstrup. Stewarts Point.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Holmborg.
CHARTERS.
The Roderick Dim loads mdse for Hllo.
SPOKEN.
March 29, lat 29 S, long 46 W— Br ship An
caios, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
March 26, on equator, long 30 W— Hr bark
Heathiield, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
Per Roderick Dhu. April 21. '.at 35 N. long
133 W— Ship Shenandoah, from Port Blakeley,
tor Port Plrie.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 26, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind west: velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Arrived April 26— Schr Nettie Sund
borg, irom Needle Rock.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Arrived April 26-Schr
Lila and Mattle, from Redondo.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April 26— Stmr Humboldt
for Dyea.
CLALLAM— In bay. April 26— Br bark Orion,
from Chemalnus, for Calcutta.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 26— Stmr Sig
nal, hence April 20.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived- April 26— Stmr Sco
tia, from Redondo.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 26— Schr Eliza Mil
ler, for San Francisco; stmr Empire, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 26— Stmr Se
quoia, hence April 25. . *
CASPAR— Arrived April 26— Stmr -Xavarro
hence April 25.
Sailed April Schr Maxim, fcr San Fran-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 26— Aus
stmr Slam, from Nanaimo. •>
Sailed April 26— Nor stmr Tltanla, for Na
naimo.
. EUREKA— SaiIed April Stmr Samoa for
San Francisco: stmr Hueneme, for San Fran
cisco- Btmr •Pomona, for San Francisco; etmr
WestDort ror San Frandtsco.
Arrived April 25- Schr Occidental, Hence April
22 PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April 26— Br ship
Port Stanley, from Port Blakeley.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 26— U S stmr Yo
semite, for Guam.
FOREIGN PORTS.
i'Ai.L.\o Sailed April r.- Jap stmr Sakura
M HONGKON e G^ArrIved April 23-Stmr China,
INSEA lailed April 24-Br ship Castle
Rock for San Francisco. ■
FALMOUTH Sailed April 2a— Br ship Mool
ta QUEENSTOWN Sailed April 25-Br .hip
Falls of Vfton for Antwerp.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed April 20— Stmr \ alencia,
f0 TrcNTSIN l -A C rrived April 25-Bktn Arago.
from Columbia River. .
FREMANTLE— SaiIed April 2.>- Ship tlneH,
for Newcastle. Aus, to load for San Fran-
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived April 2."— Ch!l
N.rk Bundaleer] trom Port Plrie, to toad : r
V MANILA Arrived April L'fi-Stmr Zeali
e To e sall April 27— U S stmr Sheridan. !
Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YoKK Arrived April 20— Stmr State of
Nebraska, i: ra Glasgow.
HONGKONG Arrived previously Ai.nl 26
Stmr China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu
and Yokohama. „
ROTTERDAM Arrived April 26— Stmr bta
tendam. from New Fork.
AMSTERDAM Arrived April 26— btmr wer
:, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April .6— Stmr
I from New Yorto.
Passed April 26 Stmr Hurst Castle, nt 4:40
P CHERBOURG— SaiIed April 26— Stmr Kaiser
Wilheim der Grosse, from Bremen and Soutn
am:.mn. foi New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamship Co,
L_ Steamers leave Broadway
BBS^ wharf, San Franc.
■BRSte^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
«SjSr3«^k April 21. 26. May 1; change at
; JkI^BK \^jj ' For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KKsSf£?mßt C.). Port T.iwnsend, Seattle,
I*SJiMS^,»!VM Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
ai^d New Whatcom (Wash.),
" "•■ 10 a. m. April 21. 26. May L
•nd every fifth day thereafter: change at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., April
19. 24, 29 May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
ttnvlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an.i
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 22. 26, 30, May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. April 20, 24, 2S, May 2. and every fourth
day thereafter. % - ■' -i,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, san Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ...
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous" notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street ,Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC * 12 First Class Including Berths
Frill C £8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia palls April 23; May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8.
18. 28
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
6SO Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on or About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May irtSt. Lovis May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17, St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
yew York end Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland May 24
Fries=lahd May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17 Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
NIPPON MART' Tuesday, June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Pumas M a 4l The S. S. Australia
llfcilifSlL sails f " r Honolulu
•^™'"* Thursday, May 4. at
01/^~po 1 /^~p" > \ " X S. Moana snils
rStMHSninc-' via Honolulu and
(V>IUl!!lJI!iy Auckland for Sydney
(OITIDSIZtI- Wednesday. May 17.
V— r* **! at m p. m. •
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & 3ROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVR£-x>ARIS. -^-ri^.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. •OLftTIS
from Pier 42, North River, foot of »*»*
Morton St. LA GASCOGNE. April 29; LA
NORMANDIE, May 6: LA CHAMPAGNE. Ma]
13; LA BRETAGNE. May 20; LA TOURAINE.
May 27. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward.
6 per cent reduction on round trio. Second-
class to Havre. $45; 10 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FT'GAZI & 0.. Paci-
fic Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Fran-
cisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE
NEW YORK— LONDON— HAMRrRc*
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
• B. G»N«I G APRIL 29th the i term-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbour ■ on th~ way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBUKO-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway N"W York
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Acts. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sanscme. and
118 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
HOLLAND=AM£R!CA LINE
NEW YORK -ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300). STATENDAM (10,500). First Cabin 150
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
Saloon steamers, MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc., 137.
rrS^a for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS.- COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, €21 Market Street. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAJBIEKS. *
STOCKTOT7^CURSK)NS^
THE STEAMER H. .1. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p m
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA WAV. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Will be ready for business SATURDAY. April
29, 1899, 9:43 a- m. HATCH BROS.MOTHERS AND
CHILDREN ASK
FOR PROTECTION
Roadside Dens Must
Be Closed.
■
PETITION TO SUPERVISORS
ORDINANCE IN THE CASE IS
VERY PLAIN.
. l
Demand That "The Thalia," With Its j
Record of Blood and Crime,
Shall Be Licensed to De
bauch No Longer.
It shall be the duty of said Board of
Supervisors before taking final action j
upon any application for a liquor li- j
cense to consider all such petitions j
and in all cases to decide impart.ally ■
as to the necessity or needlessness of
such permission for the accommoda
tion, peace or good order of the public |
according to the number, character j
and showing of the petitioners for i
and remonstrance against such per
mission. — Liquor License Ordinance
of Alameda County.
Oakland pfflce Ban Francisco Call,
_. WS Broadway, April 26.
The respectable residents of Elmhurst
and along the San Leandro road are ;
anxious to keep out of their midst the
disreputable houses that are freely scat- I
tered among their homes and in the vicin
ity where their children play. In this de
sire they expect to have the support of '
the Board of Supervisors, though at pres
ent there appears to be a disposition on
the part of certain members to dodge the
Issue.
For some years there have been all
manner of complaints made of the man
ner in which these roadside houses are !
conducted, but they have generally been
■unheeded. On rare occasions, when crimes
amounting almost to murder have been
committed, a license has been refused,
tut such instances have been very rare.
Last Sunday night a murderous riot be- !
tween drunken men and young women
took place at the den known as the Tha
lia. When the police visited the place the
next day there was evidence of a violent
light. Windows were smashed, furniture
■was demolished and blood was freely scat- !
tered around both Inside and outside the
house. One man, the bartender, had to
be attended to at the Receiving Hospital,
his head having been slashed in several
places by a knife or a revolver— he was
too drunk to know which.
In front of this den, not long ago, a
man who had been drugged was found
on the car tracks, ancromy by quickly re
versing was the motorman able to pre
vent killing him. It was the headquar
ters of the notorious Greenbank. now in
San iju-ntin for highway robbery. It is
at this time the resort or ( he very lowest
characters; and a constant menace to the
peace and safety of those living near it.
Although it is not necessary for. a for
mal application for revocation to be made,
the Supervisors have been advised of
the facts and it is expected that at the
next meeting the Thalia's liquor license
■will be revoked.
There is another application for a
liquor license pen-ling, that of one Man- !
ning, who wants to conduct a saloon In
Elmhurst. A petition signed by seventy
flve resident? of the little town has been
presented, asking that it be not granted.
The petition says:
Immediately over the place where Man
rinp desires to carry on business is the
only public meeting hall in Elmhurst.
There is 'already one saloon within sixty
fppt and thr>H- others within three blocks.
These petitioners, most of whom have re
plded In Elmhur«t loneer than Manning,
know and »o advise your board that such
ta'oon is absolutely unnecessary and need
less for the accommodation, peace or good
order of the public. The granting of the
license would be prejudicial to the public
good, as its location would be next door
to the only butcher shop in town, wlwre
our wives and children are required to ko.
About a year ago the Supervisors estab
lished a precedent of denying the appli
cation for a license on the ground that it '
■was "needless." This was the case of O. i
O. Fox. and' it is eipected that it will be
followed in the Manning case. As there
nre only a few hundred people residing in
Elmhufst altog.-ther. and as there is a
Faloon only sixty feet from where Man
ning would do business, the "needless
ness" of another saloon Is very apparent. |
WAMS DAMAGES FROM
HER PROFESSED LOVER
FRANCISCO HAD MISS MOSS
JAILED FOR LARCENY.
Paid for the Bridal Gown, but the
Bride Changed Her Mind and
Trouble Followed.
land OflVf Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 26.
A decidedly Interesting suit was par
tially tried by six Jurors in Justice of the
Qulnn's court this afternoon. The
Alice Moss '.gainst
: Francis* ■ irter, f'>r
• ry of 1299 damages for cau>
inp her arrest on a charge of petit lar
weeks ago.
Francisco, several months ago. f«-u d. *-
■ ■ ■
and « determined in
hie suit, and so thoroughly convinced In I
. mad., arrange
with a Justice to have the nuptial
According to his stor;
supplied th»* money for the bride'
he w< ddlng day arrived
latei alixe. Then
d her arrest on the i
.. she was haled to
on reealned Ji*-r freedom
irgi was not es
tablished, Francisco aiming to prove thut
ed the money under \>r
to marry him.
Justice of the I ■ ' linn's courtroom
led with eager listeners this
vhen Miss Moss' damage suit
for trial. The plaintiff whs the
• . session. She tes
rrowed money fr«>m
• ■ n a business transac
that marriage was not rhoupht
ICO had
her. The trinl will
-morrow and Francisco
w in *■■ nlty to explain
•■•ry.
A Veterinary College.
Articles of Incorporation of the. San
■mary Surgeons
i. rday. There
pital Stock Of the corporal]'.-,.
.. founders: Edward
j Creely, Mul/brd L. Pancoast, M. M.
b Sullivan ;u;d John Mc-
Murray.
POSTUM CEREAL.
TROUBLE IN DRINK.
Many highly I | i rsons can-
not digest even one cup of <-off*»e a
day.
The trouble may not show directly
in stomach, but indirectly in L
liver, nerves, headache, or in some
other organ. Stop for ten days and see
if you have uncovered the cause of
your trouble. Take on Postuno F< od
it furnishes a pleasant morn-
;:p, and contains the selected food
elements which quickly restore the
r and structure of body to a nor-
mal state. Demonstratable fact; try
lv Qrocera furnish at 15 and 25 cents.
DEATH'S SUMMONS
CAME QUICKLY
Col. Samuel O. Gregory Dies
of Heart Disease.
COLONEL SAMUEL O. GREG
ORY, a well-known war veteran,
diod suddenly yesterday morning
at h!s retolden !e, 1 1 4 Guerrero
street. He hud been ailing for Borne
time with heart disease, but it was n»t
expected that he would pass away s=o
quickly.
The deceased was an energetic
business man nnd nad been <•: .
with the Western Meat Company. Lat
terly he was Interested In several man
ufacturing enterprises. Among Grand
men Colonel Gregory was well
and esteemed. Herentered the
army during the Civil War when he
mere boy of 18 years, attaching
himself to the Ninth ndiana Infantry.
He rapidly rose to the position of
ant and afterward served in the
Twenty-ninth Indiana Infantry, whi< h
was engaged in the West. He was
afterward promoted to the eolonelship
and was placed in command of a
ment in General John F. Miller's bri
gade. In the battle of Stone River he
was wounded In the same engagement
In which General Miller lost his eye.
Colonel Gregory was a olerk in the
Postofflce in this vi:y during S. W.
Backus' first administration, but he afterward resigned to engage in more
business pursuits.
The colonel was a member of George H. Thomas Post of the Grand
Army of the Republic, having become a member in 1879. He was a fine
bass singer and a splendid entertainer.
The circumstances attending his passing away were more than usually
sad for his family. His aged wife was awakened early in the morning by
his moans, and when she hurried to his bedside to render what assistance she
could he gasped and died.
GREAT BOXING BOUTS
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
HELL MAN OF SACRAMENTO IS A
SECOND SHARKEY.
He Defeated Champion McCarthy in
Three Rounds of Terrific Punch
ing — Winners of the Evening.
Standing room only was announced at
the entrance of the Olympic Club last even-
Ing long before the first event of the semi
finals of the welter-weight boxing series
• :' contests was held. The large crowd of
lovers of "square" sport saw one of the
!■' st and most Interesting fistic entertain
ments that the Olympic Club has held in
many years. Every contest was satisfac
tory. Th' re wer,- knock-downs and
kouts and beautiful exhibitions of
scientific boxing. The club can safely say
that : d : marked success, and the
large crowd that was present was an
nee that good boxing will always
..•• In this city.
Apart from the exhibitions between pro
f. ssional pugilists the contests !•• I
the writers were worth going many miles
The lir=t of the semi-finals of the welter
weight class was to have been a six-round
bout between J. Doyle of the Olympic
Club and F. Ast of the Manhattan Club.
The elongated Doyle stood off his husky
.■ in for three rounds by resorting to
Btraight left-hand leads. The fourth
: . Baw ' "oyle's finish. Ast
left-handers which were
growing perceptibly weak and hammered
J »oyle on chin and neck with right-hand -
fell, his head striking
. on the carpet. The effect of the
f.ill put him to sleep and Ast got the deci
sion.
feature of the evening's sport was
ntest between .1. F. McCarthy, the
champion weltei of the Olympic, and A.
Hellman, the battering ram of the Sacra
mento Athletic Club. McCarthy started
do his opponent brown in quick or
d>-r ami he scored uuite a lead in the
Start, landing several times on Hellman's
with right and left. The Sacramento
lad finally realised that he must wake, up
ami (I-. something to protect the interest
• . and h" charged at McCarthy
[exican bull fashion, swinging right
and left. Me ducked the right, but caught
the jaw. Th.- blow stag
the Olympian and Hellman got
three hard Bmashes on McCarthy
before the bell sounded a retreat to cor
ners.
The second round was the hottest argu
between rival fists that ha.- been
witnessed in the gymnasium for ;.
- punch, punch, punch. Mc< .arthy
most blows but they did not
<;,rry as much powder behind them as the
sent from th>- Hellman batl
McCarthy hit Hellman six or seven right
handers on the jaw. any of which n
. put anj ordinary pug to sleep, but
•'the Sharkey" of the Sacramento Club
tpok his medicine and retired smilingly.
In t»i.- third round McCarthy changed
and played for Hellman's
landing several heav shot, but he
,i a rigbthand swing on the neck
•nt him stMPK<-ring to the ropes. He
■ 1 several swings, and then came
back at Hellamn. planting a torrible right
on the chin which partly dazed the fight
iin from Sacramento. In a rally
that followed, which was give and take,
McCarthy ran into another righthand
, and fell near his own corner.
When he regained his pins Hellman was
about to swing at him again, when the
Olympic champion dropped to his knees
Bely to avoid a knockout. As this
was a transgression of the rules— falling
\Vi!!i..in being Struck— the referee gave.
! to Hellman. amid loud and
prolonged cheers.
A. Snookes of the Manhattan Club was
knocked out in the third round by J.
l"-:;-iis of the Olympic Club.
Frank McConnell and J. McDonald, who
is matched to fight E. Johnson of th^
Multnornah Club on May 24 at the Olym
i'!'- Club, gave a clever ten round boxing
exhibition.
The final bout of thp evening was be-
I Andy King, the old man from Mon
tana, and Kid McFadden. This was one
of the professional special features pp>-
Vided by the club for the entertainment
of its members. It was a good hard scrap
of give and take from the first to the
last round, which ended in a draw. Wil
liam Kennedy of the Olympic club
d the contest.
The next fistic show will occur on May
ANTI-DERBY NIGHT
IN THE CHURCHES
OAKLAND, April 26.— This was anti-Derby night In all the churches, the
regular midweek services being: supplemented by an expression of opin
ion regarding the propriety of accepting money from -he racetrack for
the benefit of Fabiola Hospital. At each church the protest printed to
day was read and a vote was taken upon it. It was unanimously fndorsed
In all the churches.
Rev E. R. Dille. D.D., of the First M. E. Church, leader of the nnti-Derby
mowment. made a short speech in which he repeated the sentiments ex
pressed by him at the meeting on Monday.
"The ladies of Fabiola," he said, "have not a right conception of what
they are doing. They do not appreciate the magnitude of their error. They
fail to see that the benefit in dollars that Fabiola receives s the smallest and
most insignificant feature of the proceedings. The evil lies In the certificate of
character given the racetrack', in the fearful possibility, perhaps cer
tainty that their sons and daughters might be attracted to the cursed spot
under the guise of charity and there lay the foundation for the passion of
e-nmhline that may end In physical and moral and certainly spiritual death."
At the First Baptist Church Rev. ( \ H. Hobart said: "I feel that it is
unfortunate that our ladies who are directors of the Fabiola Hospital have
Been fit to give thnr indorsement to an institution as utterly demoralizing
Influences as the Emeryville racetrack. This is not a question of re
ligion but one of public morals. It is well recognized by people who have
(riven any thought to thlfi subject that one of the most demoralizing influ
,n our country to-day is borseracing. My Judgment ;s that the ladies
are very ■hortsighted even from a financial standpoint. They secure the few
dollars that will come to them from Mr. Williams and they will miss and
lose the moral and financial support of the hundreds of the best citizens of
mmunity." ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
24, and the programme reads: Feather
weights. Leonard and Hasken, six
rounds; light-Weights, Fiynn and Kane,
six rounds; welter-weights. Ast and
Hellman. six rounds; middle-weights,
Johnson and McDonald, ten rounds.
IMPORTANT CAPTURE
OF TWO BOLD CROOKS
Are Suspected of Having Committed
Numerous Petty Depredations
During the Past Month.
Detectives Wren and Dinan effected
jan important rapture last night. J. K.
Norton and George Harrison, two clever
thieves who have given the police no end
j of trouble by their petty depredations,
; were taken into custody and lodged in
; the "tanks" of the City Prison. The men
were considered desperate characters and
w. re brought into the City Prison
manacled to each other. Many com
■ plaints having been mud.' to the Chief of
Poll ! systematic pilfering. Detective
i Dinan was detailed to search for the
i articles said to have been stolon. Having
, located some of the missing trinkets, ho
was given a good description of the men
i and, feeling assured the work was being
carried on with a style similar to that of
Norton and Harrison, he, with the assist
tive Wren, took them into
>dy. The offl ters are now searching
for the suspects' room, as they believe
they will find a lot of booty there.
DEMOCRATS WANT
DISTRICT DELEGATES
The Democratic Central Club, in addi
tion to enjoying the gayeties of a very
high jinks at Pythian Castle last night.
put its, if on record regarding the man
ner in which delegates should be elected
to conventions under the new primary
law. It also ordered the secretary to send
the congratulations of the club to Briga
(ll. r General James F. Smith on his pro
motion.
Oscar Hocks presided at the meeting,
which was a large one, attracted princi
pally by the announcement that well
known speakers would explain the work
ings of th" primary law. which will be
t. st.-d in this city for the first time this
fall. Harry Mulcreavy, Deputy Regis
trar, was the first one called upon Cor
this purpose, and. In an exhaustive anal
ysis of the law. gave the members a prac
tical kiiowl.-ii.uM- of what is to be expected
from its workings. 11.- was followed by
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
I..tn>>. who concluded his ir-marks on the
law with an appeal to Democrats to stand
together and work for the Buccess of the
party at the approaching election, George
Cabaniss, who followed later In the even
ing, made a characteristic address,
which drew forth much applause. James
Bowlan, Charles Eiolcomb, ex-Senator T.
E. Tracy and other members of the club
made short addresses, mterluded with
5..i,>.-s by Jimmie Donahue, Will McMur
ray and Johnny McDonald. Harris' iir
tra played numerous popular selec
tions.
In a resolution offered by Charles Hol
comb, the dub declared In favor of the
election of delegates to conventions by
thp district system, as against their selec
tion by the voters at large— that is. that
the voters of a district or precinct vot<
for delegates nominated for that district
or precinct, as the case may be, and for
no others. It was adopted unanimously.
Bunker Hill Celebration.
The joint commltfee of the Bunker Hill
Association, Sons of the American Revo
lution and California Pioneers met at the
Occidental last evening to make further
arrangements for the celebration of " the
anniversary of the batt!» of Bunker Hill
on June 1".
An invitation was extended to Rev. T.
J. Lacy, pastor of <'hrlst Church, Oak
land, to act as chaplain of the day.
The committee on transportation re
ported that two t^filns would leave from
the foot of Market street at 7:45 and 8:45
a. m. on the daY of the excursion to Sun
s>t Park, Wrights station. Returning, a
train will leave at 5 p. m.
A communication was ordered sent to
Governor Gage, requesting him to pro
claim Juno IT a legal holiday.
President Badger appointed a committee
on the raising of flags and salutes to con
sist of Allen Knight, Robert Collier. Wil
liam Badger and George W. Caswell.
The next meeting of the committee will
be held at Pioneer Hall next Wednesday
evening.
PUNS FOR
HUNTINGTON'S
BIG BANQUET
Covers for One Hun
dred and Fifty.
MERCHANTS WILL BE THERE
WHAT MAY HAPPEN IF GAGE
AND BURNS ATTEND.
i
Will Railroad Commissioners Lau
meister and Blackstock Be Sup
planted in the Magnate's
Favor?
I
I .
i The annual banquet to be given at the
Palace Hotel this evening »in compliment ;
to the president of the Southern Pacific i
Company promises to bo a gorgeous feast. j
The dinner was planned by the heads of
the various departments of the railroad.
Owing to the policy of expansion adopt
ed by the promoters of the banquet many
representative bankers and merchants of
San Francisco will break bread and drain
a glass of wine with C. P. Huntington
and General Hubbard.
Many little details have yet to be ad
justed in order to insure the complete
success of the event. The table, fash
ioned in the shape of a horseshoe, will j
be spread in the main dining-room of the
Palace, It was the estimate last night
that covers would be .aid for one hundred
and fifty. As the invitations are general
as applied to leading business men of tne
community and others who are in close
touch with the company, the acceptance
may exceed present calculations.
In seating the guests a great deal of
diplomacy must be exercised.. It is easy
enough to place C. P. Huntington in the i
Beat of honor, and General Hubbard is
certainly entitled to be seated near the j
throne. Should Governor Gage and Colo- I
nel D. M. Burns attend It might embar
rass the company, to indicate where they
should be placed.
Should Railroad Commissioners Black
stock and Laumeister be present in con
junction with Gage and Burns the
smoothest kind of tact would be required
to preserve the harmony of the occasion.
That acknowledged master of all things
intricate and complex, Vice President J.
C. Stunbs, would surely then be called
upon to classify the attendants.
The Governor might have a dozen invi
tations to the banquet and not respond to
one. Word comes from the south that he
did not acknowledge, the compliments of
an invitation to the Free Harbor Jubilee.
Should he drop in along with Colonel
Burns, invited yet unexpected, could they
be placed next to Mr. Huntington or
nearer to the throne than the place re
served for the two Railroad Commission*
ers? Many delicate points might be pre
sented pending the solution of the ques
tion, and yet Mr. Stubba or Mr. Mills
would be required to act promptly In the
presence of Mr. Huntington. Leaving
aside gratitude, which, after all, philoso
phers say is but "a sense of the favors-to
come," the decision would have to be ren
dered on a basis of justice to the corpora
tion. The point would arise. Are nut the
Commissioners the more deserving of
recognition and entitled to preference over
a Governor and a 'gold brick Senator?'
It might be contended, on the other
hand, that the Commissioners belonged to
the railroad family, and were there as I
givers rather than guests of the ban
quet. All these little questions of pro
priety touching the relative proximity of
State officers to the chief of the corpora
tion would demand instant adjustment.
a- suggested, past services would not
alone count, but the ability to rentier fu
ture service would demand serious but
Instant consideration. It would never
do to change positions once assigned,
and. for one. Gage would fight before he
would get up and give, his seat to Black
stock or Laumeister. Wherever Gage is I
placed he will stay, and If he makes one :
of his campaign speeches the dinner will
be a victory for the people on the out
side _____
A PROBABLE SUICIDE.
Mytery surrounding the Strange
Disappearance of Charles B. Chase.
Friends of Charles H. Chase, who re
sided with his wife and child al _i' 7 Minna
sir .t, believe that he committed suicide
Tuesday night by lumping off an oak
land ferry boat. When the last boat
reached the slip on this side of the bay
Tuesday night one of the deckhands
found ati old fiat in one of the rooms, in
the pocket of which wan a brief note,
stating that the writer had met with re
and had decided to end his life.
The note bore the signature of Charles
B. Chase. Mrs. Chase is heartbroken ov< r
the strange affair. Nobody on the boat
saw Chase jump overboard, nor do any
of th*- crew remember seeing anybody on
the boat answering Chase's description.
has beer missin;; from his home
since 6 o'clock Tuesday night, and there
is little doubt in the minds of his friends
that ho has made away with himself.
The mlssinp man lias Ik «-n playing the
extensively and his losses were ex
ceptional for a man in Ins station of lifo.
He had been receiving a remittance from
an uncle who lives somewhere In the
"DR. PIERGE'S ELECTRIC BELT."
OUR GUARANTEE
WE POSITIVELY GUARANTEE DR. PIERCES PATENT GALVANIC CHAIN
Belt to be the best Electric Belt In the world for the least money for suoh
•an arttcle. For Instance: Our No. .2 Belt twlth Electric Puppens.-ry), price $15, is
warranted to be superior to others 6old at from $30 to Jf>o each, and our No. 3 and
XXX Belts are far ahead of anything in the line of Electric Belts now manufac-
tured in any part of the world. Dr. Pierces Belts Rive a more POWERFUL ELEC-
TRIC CKRHENT then any othors: are more DURABLE; made Of BETTER MA-
TERIALS; contain the LATEST IMPROVED ATTACHMENTS and are of more
RECENT PATENT than .-artain Inferior goods, which are imposed on the public at
exorbitant prices by means of flaming newspaper advertisements and false claims Ct
superiority. Ac for 'TREj;. this whole newspaper could be filled with testimonials
In praise of Dr. Pierces Belts.
The following is one of recent date:
ELK, MENDOCINO CO., CAT-... April JO, 1899.
DR. PIERCE— Dear Sir: I have u»ed your Belt a month and find GREAT BENE-
FIT from it. It has helped my back and I am satisfied It will cure me; have been
troubled with Kidney Complaint, Rheumatism and General Weakness for 20 years
Tour friend WILLIAM PLUMMER.
(Pr We have a little "BOOKLET NO. 2," which contains scores of testimonials
and gives price list and full particulars of Dt. Pierces method of treatlne disease
by means of electricity. No afflicted person should hesitate a moment in sending for
a copy. Forwarded to any address, In plain wrapper, on receipt of 2c In stamps. Call
"" PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
State of Vermont. The last money Chase
received from this source was lost at one
of the card tables in the Cafe Royal.
TO COURSE AT UNION.
A Festival of Good Sport Will Eegin
Saturday Morning.
A reserve stake is on the bills at Union
Coursing Park this week. One hundred
and twenty-eight dogs were drawn for
it last evening and it will be run off Sat
urday and Monday. On Sunday the class
stake, with forty-four entries, will be
I run off. Several extra cars will be at
! tached to the regular 10:40 train Sat
| urday morning, and upon its arrival at
the park the sport -will commence. On
Monday the trams will he run the name
as on Sunday. The total prizes for the
two stak> .- amount to $15:'-. of which $%£
! will bo paid to winners of the reserve
I stake. The following is the draw:
Reserve stake— John Charlton & S"ii's Dollie
V;'.:>;-u vs. Lowe >v Thompson's yuick Stitch;
.!. Kenan's Fear ,\'..t vs. j. H. Perrigo's
Belle Seward; J. Connell's Senorita vs. Kay &
Tram's Eclipse; George Huston's Fireball vs.
George, Austin's Wheel of Fortune; Ge.irgn
Sharman's Bonnie Scotland vs. Daily <fc Sei
] bine's Shylock Boy; J. O'DoiineH's Las Palmas
: vs. J. F. Thrift's Forgive; George H. Ehraan's
I Fireman vs. J. Byrne's Olympus; George Shar
man's Miss Skyrocket vs. Captain Ciarkson's
Conqueror; Panha Kennels' Fleeting Fancy vs.
l.i. J. Healy'a Lady Claire; Yosemlte Kennels'
Bounding Belle v«. William Krauit-rs The
1 Devil; Hurley & Rlelly'a Master Mat vs. Handy
& Smith's Dauntless; Rlncon Kennels' Bkl vs.
Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady; Xosemlte
Kennels' Wild Lassie vs. J. 1". Thrift's Forget;
laumeister's Winning Ways vs. .Aeneid
Kennels' V:ui Knapp; Curtis & Son's Commo-
I dore vs. Courtney .v- Hoar's Douglass; W. X.
Holt's Lady Norborn vs. K. M. Kellogg's Hum
mer; J. McCnrmack's Woodbine vs. F. Mc-
Coorrib's One Spot; Pasha Kennels' Run Amuck
vs. J. Perrigo's Wayfarer; Dennis & Porter's
October Woodcock vs. J. Perry's Black Chief;
J. McCormack'a White 'lip vs. H. 1.. Appple
bee's Ciara B; R. E. de H Lopez's Santiago vs.
.1. Burns' Seminole; Hurley ,* Rielly'a Rich
mond wueen vs. H. Lynch' a Mystic Maid; !■'.
Moran's Flying Faster Vs. A. L. Austin's Trin
kei; 11. A. Deckleman s Glen Roy VS. Kay &
Xrant's Christmas Day; George MeDougai's
Spindle vs. .). McGratt's Martyr; A. Johnson s
Liasak vs. K. E. de B. Lopez's .Santa Ana;
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. Rincon
Kennels' Swedish; William Perry's Campania
vs. Curtis & Sun's Cavalier; Aeneid Kennels'
j Pretender vs. William Fingler's Van Imp; T.
\ A. Gaffney'a Sir John Arnott vs. J. O I ■
Mission Tip; George A. Burfeind's Royal Prize
\s. E. Fitzpatrlck's Free Silver Boy; T. A.
Gaffney's Lorrine vs. G. J. Panario's High
Kl>--i; .1. Morrison's laddie vs. J. O'Dowd'S
Scout; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle vs. Milo X< ■;;
nels 1 Miss Rabbit; R. E. de B. Lopez's Santa
lii'-z vs. .1. iiahar's Soubrette; G. and H. Ken
nels' Dempsey Lass vs. Curtis & Sun's McKln
ley; M. Loudon's Maprnetto vs. Ed Wilson's
Magnesia; .1. C. Flynn's Van Hicks vs. J.
O'Dowd's Clifton Lass; J. Burns 1 Xellie B. vs.
R. E. de B. Lopes' Minneapolis; F. A. Mc-
Coomb'c Little Joker vs. F. Moran's Bit of
Fashion; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. F. H.-r
--rin's st. Elmo; M. London's Sharkey vs. H. a.
leman's Old Glory; Hurlej (fc Rlelly's Kx
vs. Russell & Wilson's Lady Emma;
Lord & Hurta'e Kerry Gow vs. .1. 11. Harrison's
Hot Haste; E. M. Kellogg-' s Kid McCoy is.
y & Rock's Minerva; T. F. Logan's Mips
Grizzle vs. J. IMxon's Black Bess; .J. McGraft's
White Legs vs. J. McNeil's Sportsman; Yo-
Bemlte Kennels' Winning Lassi<- vs. Aeneid
Kennels' Maid of Erin; J. j. Warren's Sweet
Lips vs. li. Hooper's Morse's Patrol; A. John-
Tod Sloan vs. W. A. Jones' Kustan;
Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt vs. Bettencourt's
Forget Me Not; George .-barman's Gallagher
vs. Ed Kvtttt's Hurricane, J. Seggerson's. White
Chief vs. Erwln & Lyons Silver Wings; E. M.
Kellogg's Lady Gllmore vs. J. Burns' Battle
ship; J'asha Kennels' Rod of Ash vs. J. Beg
gerson'a Candelaria; Curtis & Son's Vanity
Fair vs. <;. H. Burfeind's Pastime; F. Price's
Mail)."- Wildfire vs. I). Ford's Hayseed; J. H.
Perrigo's onward vs. Mllo Kennels' Rock
Island King; J. turns' Eleven Si>ot vs. J.
Keenan's Flying Buck; Erwln & Lyons' Silver
Lyon vs. P. J. O'Donnell's Bwinnerton; K.
Baumeister's War Cloud vs. H. A. Deckleman's
Mlra Monte; T. 1-:. McEldowney'a Right Bower
vs. John Eagan's Mayflower; F Mack s Black
PatO vs. Larkey & Rock's Hercules; Handy
& Smith's Terrona vs. Lord & Hurtz's Re
voh ••]■.
ci.iss stake 11. A. Peekleman's Lawwnrp vs.
George Whitney's Theron; F Moran's False
Flatterer vs. a. Massey'a Hadiwist; Curtis c<-
Son's Blackette vs. T. .1. Harrington's Mercy
May; Handy & Smith's Magic vs. Dennis &
: -,• : F. Moran'g Snapshot vs.
J. Connell'a Log Hoy; Lowe & Thompson's
Lowlander vb. Curtis & Son's Luxor; D. J.
Haley's Rusty Gold vs. H. Lynch' a Lottie M;
■ ms Gladiator vs. George Sharman's Walt
a I^ittle: Handy it Smith's Ida vs. Handy it
Smith's Vie( r; Rincon Kennels' Swedish vs.
l.'.vw & Thi mpson'a Prince Hal: J. J. Et man's
Morning Glory vs. .1. O'Shay*s Young A;:
.1. Perry's Commodore Nash vs. H. a. Deckle
man'a Rocket; Handy £ Smith's Sylvanua vs.
.1. H. Perrigo's Controller: A. 1.. Austin's
Trinket vs. .1. Dem:.- Moondyne; Hurlej &
Reiiiy's o. K. Capitol vs. E. K. s We 1. rd
. P. J. Rielly'a Warship vs. Yo.-emite
Kennels' Beauty Hp.>! ; Pasha Kennels' Sylvia
vs. Harv)y X- Smith's- Jenni.- Wils-m; P. J.
Rielly'a Plow Boy vs. K. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy; Lowe & Thompson's Patrla vs. Handy
& Smith's \'iet.ir Queen; Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs VS. Pasha Kennels' Emm i
.1 Dean's Cotinemara vs. F. Moran's Golden
Russet; William Kramer's Jesse M"Oi-e vs. M.
B. Cavanaugh's Hard Lines.
MANGLED BY THE CARS.
Italian Fisherman Sustains Fatal In
juries on the Belt Line.
A fatal accident occured to Canepa
Tomasso, an Italian fisherman. re-
Biding at 810% Battery Btreet, las: oven-!
Ing. Tomasso was crossing one of the
beli railroad tracks on the water front
shortly before I 1 ' o'clock and was struck
by a train which was backing up. He
claims he did nut gee the cars until they
wen almoßt upon him, and in an effori
t.i save himself was thrown under the
trucks. Before the train could be broughi
t<. a standstill the unfortunate man's
riprht thifch was ground ilmost to p pulp.
His body is otherwise bruised. He was
internally injured and died at the Harbor
»'ing Hospital about two hours after
the accident.
The fisherman was th» father of six
small children, and was the sole support
of the household.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. April 2fi.
Schr Albert Meyer, Nielsen. 26 days from
Kahulul. .
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, 6 days from Grays
Harbor. r .': ■
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 23 hours from Eu
reka. . ■■-■'. ■:'■-
Stmr Point Arena, Ilansen. 11 hours from
Point Arena. .
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Two New Brews
_ «4W that merit and receive
popular approval.
*^^^^^\V^ — ' ' The American Porter"
"^^JiiPil^Vi^ — in P in bottles, more mild and
(yS^^^^^^vQ^ refreshing than the best English brands
™jF^ j^fc 08^ of Porter, Stout and 'alf and 'alf.
The Anheuser-Busch Dark
a Special German Brew that is mellow, nutritious and palatable
beyond any Dark beer previously placed on the market.
Made only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Famous Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob,
Anheuser Standard, Pale Lager, Export Pale and Exquisite.
Health is Wealth.
v ■ "^ ■ ' paAir4
' DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Issoldunder positive Written Guarantee, j
by authorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness. Wakefulneee, Fits, Hysteria, QmcK-
ness, Night Lo6ses, Evil Dreams, Jjack of Conn-
douce, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth- i
ful Errors, or Excessiro Ufo of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, -which loads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At etoro or by mail, $1 a
box; six for $5; with written «uaranteeUo
cure or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing five daye treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only sold to
each person. At Btore or by mail. |>
C^"Red Label Special^^^^
LMmM Extra Strength. mfc%* A
§t3f"Red Label Special i i5j5BSS
Extra Strength. fm%*A
For Impotency, Loss ofmPT-'-Tr W
jS&iykfir Power, Lost Manhood, \jl jflL 1 .
y*i7Krfll Sterility or Barrenness^ v *"'/
(^y&fynt&l a box; cix for $5. witl!j&/<£W
written KuaranteeSJ,f*^6V
"70 fir to euro in 30 da jo. At 6tore«'p ]V -VSL
fiEFOßEovbvmnii. APTEP.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER St CO.. Sol« Agt*..
214 Kearny St., San Francisco.
Q Vi 3 it OR. JORDAN'S >«««
ftgm Museum of Anatomy
jiw|i 1051 MA2SET ST. let GtbA 7th, 3. P. Sal
i S H The liKgeitofitoiladintteWorH.
'i^l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases. j
, 8vO»1f L Con«ultation frte. IV'rlte for Hook
S^&k Br. Gibbon's Dispensaryt
M-<*yO&¥^k ( »2*> K EAKKf V ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
(i'-'.iHEAMYST. Established
In ISB4 for the treatment ol i'rivate
Rft-i.fV-^JCTJ Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
diseosewoarlngon bodyand mlndai:d \
V**sdi.iv l &j sl:i " Diseases. The doctor cares in
i«WMS^raS?a others fall Try him. Chnrges low
vS^S22aiiKSe« l'nrr»;u»r,iDK'i'i!. Cullorwrlte '
Or. a- t' 1 GIBBON. Box !357. Sac Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F^rpy, Foot or" Market St
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips a; 1:64
and 11:30 p. ..;.
SUNDAYS- V"'. 9:30, 11:00 a. r ,. ; 1:30, 3:39, i
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS -8:10, 8:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. . I
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
same schedule as above. .
Leave Arrive
Pan Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• April 16, ' J
Week Sun- 1899. : Sun- ; Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 'l 0:40 am' 8:40 am
8:30 pm| 9:30 am! Petaluma, I 6:05 pmi 10:23 ana
5:10 piu 5:00 pml Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm; 6:20 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am I
Healiisburg,
Lytton,
Oeyserville.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 an» I
8:30 pm 8:00 am: Uklah, 7:35 pm , 6:20 pra
7:30 am I )0:25 an»
j 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and |
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, ' 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm, 5:00 pml I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra |
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggl
Spring; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring*, j
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake- ]
port and Bartlett Springs;. at Uklah for Vichy
Bprlnes, Saratoga Sprlng-8, tJlue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, ■
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Burknell's, : Sanhedrln Heights.' Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Hendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, T'sal. Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum«
mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Oleen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to. all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, (GO Market St.. Chronicle bldfr.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
.Qeucral Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 5:45 pmj 6:00 pm I
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 6:33 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:15 pm Hanford 7:45 am! 1:45 pm
2:25 pmfl2:3o am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm| Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pin. 6:53 pm : Tulare I 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections !
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street. San Francisco. . ;
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
Try the
MEXICAN c TOUR.
■ You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are' paid In 50-cent Mexican dollars. '
Buy your ticket over the
MEXICAN CENTRAL FtAILAWY.
For rates and further Information address
C. E. MINER, .
G. W. P. Agent. R. 209, Houser bldg.. St.
Louts, Mo. ;-;-.*
W. D. MURDOCH,
A. Q. P. A.. City of Mexico. j
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY I
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAY'S, 9:30 a. m. and .:45 p. in.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur- i
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even- .
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. end 1:45. 2:3 C ;
and 4 p. m. . ■• ■
. Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, U-40. -
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market at. '
AUCTION SALES.
PIANO AND FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), at It A. M.
14SS FRANKLIN ST.. NEAR SUTTER.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. C.7 Market st.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
MM TIIKK.-S PA CIVIC COBPASI.
(PACIFIC SVHTEM.)
Tin In* iriirn itml nr« «lv« to nrrlV* at
HAH Fit AN< !*«'«>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Avril 9. 1839. — areivi
T»:00a Nilea. San Jose »nd Way Stations... **:45a
7:O» Benicift, Suigun and Sacramento — »:45p
-:<><> 1 Marys»ille, OroTilloaua Redding via
Woodland 8:4»r
7:OOa Kln.ira, Vacaville and Rumsey Bi43p
7:3Wa Martinez. San Ramou.Vailejo. Napa.
Callstoga and Santa Ro3a 0:1 3p
9:<)Oa Atlantic Kxprru, ogilen and last.. JJ:4."ip
»i:|«a San Jose, Liveraiore, Stockton,
looe, Sacramento, PlacerTille.
• M»ryg»lllc, Chico, lte.l HlurT -i-.ISp
»:»Oa •Milton, OakdaJe and Sonora 4:13p
9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Kre»no 18:15*
9iO<tA Fresno, Kakenilluld, Santa ISiirbara,
Los Angeles, Demiog, El Paso,
Now Orleans and Bant 6:45p
IO:OO\ Vallrjd, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45*
12:00 m Xiles, Li»ermore, Btockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia,
•: Porterville 4:l»p
•l:OOp Sacrameuto Hirer Steamers *»:OOp
•»:O»e Martinez, Kan lUltion, Vailejo,
Napa, C'ullstoja. «»uta Koßa »iI»A
4:00p Beoicia, Vacavillf, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
MaryßTille, Orotllle 10:45 a
4::»0p Niles, Ban Jose and Stockton 7iisp
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond l*:l3p
5:001- The Owl. Fresno, l>akr rsfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:45*
I[3ioop Pnolno Coast Limited. El Paao,
Fort Worth. Little Eock. St.
Louis. Chicago and East 18:43*
5:30p Stockton, Merced. Fremio 12i15p
3::ior Martinez, Tracy, Meudota, Fresno,
Mujave and lon Ai>s;el<-« 8:45*
s:3r»p Sautn Ft! Route, AtUnlic Illness .
for Moja.»« ami Kuat 6:45p
OiOOp Kuropeiiii Mall, Ogilen and Kaat.... «:4.">a
6:O(>p Haynards, Niles and San Jose 7:11*,
•8:00 1- villejo iail»»
":••(» i> Oxogou Ktrrrim, Sueruiiieutn, !\lr»ryn-
ville, IteiiiUng, I'mtiuiid. Pugot
.Sound ami Kast  7:454
JS:OOp Vall-ji>. Port (,'osta and Way Sta-
tions J10:5O»
tlO:O3p Sanset Limited. Fresno, I.os
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
• and East ?I;<S>
SAN LKARDBO AM) HAIWABDS LOCAL.
j (Foot of Market Street.)
"1 Melroxe. Scmiinirr Park, f 6:154
KiOOa Kitt'lilin;^. Klliliiiii'Mt, r:'»:l3\
ii):O<»A Sun Lramlro, South Sail (•»:«»
lO.OOa I,«Hinlro. l>ti;dlllo, IO:I5.\
illiOOA • Lorenzo, Cherrj ■ tii:»»4
f.ls»Op ' anil I2:l.1p
• :oop , Rung through to Nile. -'.IZZ
) 1 From Niles. I ''*' iT
COAST VISION (Narrow (<HU|re).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:03»
8:1 5a Newark, CetiterTille.fian Jo»e, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8t50»
•a:lsp Newark, Centerville. San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Greek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:304
4:15p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:2»4
64: 15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Bta-
tions /9:204
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN mNCISCO— foot of Htrktt Strett Slip S)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. Jl:00 *2:00 13:01
•4:00 t5;00 •B:oop.ii.
froraOillAKD— foot of Bro»d*(i.T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
_tl2:00 »l:00 t2:00 '3:00 ti-00 *S:OCi-.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (innsre).
(Third and Townaend Sts.) ■
•6:1 Bouth San Francisco, # 6:3«»
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Station* (New
Almaden .Wednesdays i>nly) l:30»
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Sant* Cruz, Pucifle Grove and
Principal Way Stations J8:3»»
§ 9:00 a San .lose, Tre» Pinna, Hunta Cruz,
Pacific drove, I'aso Robles, Sim
Luis Obi«l>o. l.uadalupu. Surf and
Principal Way . Stations ' 4il«p
10:10 a Sail .lone and Way Station* •*:«»*
I1:'JOa San Jose and Way Stations S:3op
•a:43r San Matro, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Gllroy. Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Facitic
' - Grore *10i3«4
•X:nop San Jose and Way Stations »9:I»0a
•4:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:.'»Oa
5:HOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations '8:33 a
O::tOi' San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
x t>l:4sp San Jose mid Way .Stations 7:aop
A for Mori- I* for Afternoon.
•SuniiHTH eicepted. t Sunday only. ♦ Saturdays only.
'.Mondays only. ' tSaturday and Sunday.
Vour.dai and Monday.
Califorriia
limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY^
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— In New
YorK at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
( DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Hi FRANCISCO TICKHTffICE— 19 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15S1.
I Oakland Office— Broadway.
S&oramento Office— J Street-,
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Ssusalito Ferry.
• Commencing April 23, 1539.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:CO, *S:00, '9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— '10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, »1:45. »2:30, *4:00, 6:30, 6:45 p. m.
' 11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— '6:40. 7:55. 8:40. *10:20
a. m. : 12:30. 2:13, »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:00. •»:«, *10:45. »11:45
a. m., 1:00, 2:20. '3:30, *5:15. '6:00, 7:00. 10:13
p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:50, 7:56, 8:55. 10:35
ja. m. : 12:33. 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
•SUNDAYS— B :(X), 10:00, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:01,
1:20 2.40. 3:55. 5:30,' 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
S:2O p. m. Saturdays — Caradero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. -
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way- sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'n*-.
910
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jlarttand. Ada. Herbert E. and Grace "A.
Law to Henrietta I. Selby, lot on NW corner
of Vallejo street and Van Ness avenue, X -0
Mathlfde v. and Herman Shainwald to Rob
ert P. Wleland, lot on vv line of Franklin
Ft root, 50 N of Washington, N 34:4' a by \Y
HO
Elizabeth J. and George F. T. Huddart to
J.un.s H. and Edward F. Sweetman, lot on
s line of Jackson street, 96 k of Fillmorc,
£23by S 127: M*. quitclaim deed.; $10. T ...
llib.'rniu Saving and Loan Society to J. \*.
Smith, lot on S line of Waller street. JM»:3
V of Flllmoro, W 25 1, S 120: $1500.
Statla Denny (Walsh) and James Walsh to
Emma F. Andrews, lot on W line of Scott
street, E":SVi X of Sacramento, X 2o by \\ M:3;
.
William and Kate F. Boericke to Edward 1..
Hunt, lot on W line of Baker street, 105 X
of Clay, X 25 by "W 100:3: $10.
Robert D. and Jennie Cranston to Albert
K. Laoey, lot on E lino- of Cole Btreet. "7:6
X of rage, S 25 by E 81:3: $10.
W. A and Mary E. Tracy to Margaret K.
Bedel] (wife of William), lot on E line of Mis-
Blon avenue (Dearborn place), 225 S of Seven
teenth street. S 28 by E 10,'.; $10.
Ilibernia Savings and Loan Society to Liz
«le E. Cosgins (wife of llayden). lot on W
line of Diamond street, SO s of Elizabeth, 8
25 by W 100; JIMO.
Chai H. and Rebecca J. Boone to John
McC.rath. lot on "W line of Stone street, 117:6
>" of Washington. X 20 by W 80; $10.
G<-remla. Ella and Clella Malfattl to Gio
vanni Rossi, lot on S line of Russell street,
P0 W of Hyde; also 120 N of Green, W 20 by
£ 60: $10.
Henrietta I. Belby to Hartland and 11. E. *
Law lot on X corner of Main and Mission \
Btroets. NW 137:6 by ,ME 137:6 sub- j
ject to 22 Cow 208, arty wail agreement
between Thomas Jennings and H. I. Selby
«■..- to wall on X end of water lots 632, 633 and
C 34, belonging to second party: consideration i
ePMimi'tl.>n of 1214 m. 257. for $75,000, covering
panic end property in Santa Barbara County;
no.
John E. r.nd Annie Cherry to George F.
Buswell. lot on W line of Main street, 115
F or Mission, * 12:6 by W 91:t>; $10.
Estate Roactta Sedgley. by E. C. Sedgtev,
John Ke'so and E. 13. Mastlck (trustees), to
Thomas W. ami C. C Rivers, lot nn SW cor
ner ol iiolano and Utah streets, s 175 by W l"0;
lICOO.
Builders' Contracts.
San Francisco Art Association (owners} with
Jeremiah and J. J. Muhoney (contractors) ar
chitect Edward R. Swain. Removal of old
work and all work except heating for, a granite.
basalt and wood addition to present 3-story
building on lot on W portion of 60-vara block
104, bounded by California, i'owell, Pine and
Mason streets; $24,133.
C. W. Welch (owner) with Campbell 6 Pet
tus (contractors), architect none. All work
for a 2-story frame (4 flats), on lot on W
line of Albion (Second) avenue. 151:6 X of
Seventeenth street. N 36:6 by X 120;»$W00.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E E Condo, Savto |L Winter, I. Anp
Mrs J H Brooks, Colo .1 H l-ynn, Hollister
Miss .M Allan, Colo O T Gray, .Ulster
A E Claflin, Seattle 111 F McDonald, Mo
W B Russell, Seattle |T H Glide. Sacto
1) Stewart, Rib Vista .T P Flint. Chicago
X B Davis, Stockton Mrs J F Flint, Freeport
J P Dunning. N V Mrs '. Hanke, 111
A J Larson, Lodl V. (", Flint. S Jose
C G Luybourn, Minn W A Stevens, N V
M H Newman it w, Cal Mrs T V Steven.". X V
A Smith, Stockton iMlss Stevens, NY
T Pelkey, Novato Miss C F Young, N V
J Berryman, i'al X "Wolf, Sacto
A J Hart, S Jo.se \v L Hudgers. Cal
M Edler, Chicago Mrs M a Johnson. Cal
Ji I- Emery, s Lu-go Iw J Corcoran &w, Cul
P F Jones, Boston |Mrs C Sinison, Nev
C A Foster. .Muss G 1{ Drury & w, Cal
J X Hopkins, Fresno 111 Morris, Stockton
F X Sharkey. X V ,'a Wilholt i: w, Cal
R A Woods. L Aug G W Harney & w, Cal
J F Cook, Cal Mr .v Mrs llansen, Cal
W R Townsend. Cal Iw Gray. Mich
A Knab, Cincinnati jj V■■ ertl Colusa
J Henry. Orange T II Cotirtenay, Cal
L Harblck. lowa Mrs [rwln, Ca]
J G Berryhiil. lowa Mrs F Austin, Cal
R c Harbison. Cal .] v , swell A: w, N V
"VV 11 Welch, Chicago Miss C Maxwell, X V
G p Verdin. Ohio II W Carpenter & w,
V. c Finkbtne, lowa X V
P Casady. lowa .1 M Uell, Kinsman
]> R Gray, Utah II Slater, S Rosa
G M Bent & w, Chicago] O Meyer, Modesto
J M lii-jk, Chicago |j F l>.jlan & w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs T E Thomas. Sac Pr E S Rlggs, Plttahc
O L) Xolan, I' 3 N Mrs Rlgys, I'lttsl.uit
J Schrarum, Chicago E Saver, Dresden
Mrs Schramm, Chicago JL S Mourehead. Balto
WII Steeje, Chicago IW Gros.-ke. Balto
J H Gasselin. Pans M T Bldwell, Omaha
F 1' Mills. Coulterville Mrs Ridwell. Omoha
P Frlede, X V .1 X Kurnhani. Mo
J Rich. N V Mrs J X Burnh Mo
J 1^ Brewster Jr. I 'a Miss liurnham, Mo
G t: Paine. Wig Klla Burnham, M i
G M Curtis. lowa C 11 Voole. Huston
15 It Blake. Racine r m Leonard. Nevada
J Stagier, L' S X A Hoffman. Mexico
r Morrison, U S X Mrs Hoffman. Mexico
3 R Blakeley. VS N |W A Frost. Mexico
J H Gilmer, U S X iMrs Frost, Mexico '
J M Murran. Cal E v. Osburn, X V
Mrs J M Murran. Cal C F Randall, Mass
I: n Lloyd, Riverside Mrs Randall. Mass
C II Miro. S Barbara !.T E Keeler, Cal
J Williams, S Barbara^ Mrs .1 E Ktreler. Cal
J Gatchel. •■. V •■ A Kidder. Boston
T S Hathaway. Mass |Mrs Kidder. Boston
A Hill. Michigan T Fairhurst. London
M" H Holablrd. I- Ang R FitZßibbons. Toronto
A .1 Marcus, Menlo .T Maxwell. Belvedere
Mrs Marcus. Menlo Mrs Maxwell, IMvdere
M Rchwedersky, X V !G Lewis, X T
"W H Harknens. Vhila G Lacy, L Ang
C M Sain. Nevada I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W J Conrad. San JoselC C Edwards, San Jose
C J Manning, Stockton jj C Laws, B C
F Roxs. Tulare H Finder. Or
c M Brown. Marysvl J L Hendricks. Or
J M Stewart. U Anc •' Graham, Seattle
Dr A I. Muiriit'ld .<: W.IP J Lyons. Fresno
Sacramento IT I > Herman. < "liku
H '. Nichols. Oregon IF I>-wls. Madera
rKANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until II o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
:<■: Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
JJ4I Mission Etreet; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
£526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock. .
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
ftreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. l. F. and A. ■
M., tv ill meet THIS (THURSDAY) .^JV
EVENING. April 27, at 7:3U VuLn-k. ICX ■
Third degree. liy order of the Mas- /Vi
ter. FRANKLIN U. DAY.
Secretary:
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— m
Constitution and dedication of chap- #%_
ter and installation of officers, T£ Jt
THURSDAY EVENING, April 27, at /^T>
7.30 o'clock, at Mission Masonic Temple i'6CS
Mission St., by the M. E. Grand Chapter R.
a. M., of California: M. E. P. G. H. p.
THOS. H. CASWE] officiating. Royal
Arch Masons cordially Invited. By order of
the H. P.- JNO. R. KILLMAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A.~~M~ m
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS /\
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at T^'j'S'V
o'clock. Second degree. Sojourning /Vi
brethren are invited. By order of the \V M
R GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish This- V ~C/ w
tie Club moets THIS (TIIUHS- J. CMJ/1
DAY) EVENING, Fraternity Hall, VJJfg?
S2 O'Farrell st., at i p. m. Tickets
for the "Tattle ami ilerrin' " i per Ito be
held Saturday evening. May 6, win be dis-
tributed. JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent As-
sociation — The regular meeting will "£r _3*
be held at ball, 220 Post St., tucks- }&~^
DAY, April *7. at 7:30 p. m. AW 1 -^"^
members are requested to be present, as a
committee will be appointed for the purpose
Of revising the constitution, by laws and
ritual. L. TRAUNQ. Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinsoh
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 9lh day
of May, u;99, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. in.,
tor the purpose of eelctlng a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 28, 1599, at 3 o'clock
p. m. K. H. BHBLDON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., Ban Francisco, Cal. •
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company ha been called by said
Hoard, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
bui-lncsa of said Company, at the building
v here the said Hoard of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market st., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting la to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,j00,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
' of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to. purchase and pay for any other property
Within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
nnd sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of th»
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany. - - - ._,;,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlClTTs^iereby given that the Maria Kip
OrpbaDage of 520 Lake st . S. F.. Cal., has re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1. ISPS: Dor-
othy Edye S years; Susan Connolly. 3 years;
Rose Connolly, 2 years; Frances L. Dawson, 8
years; Helen G. Dawson. 6 years; Annie F.
pies, 10 years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. MeKeWon. 5 years; Marietta E. Mc-
Kewen, 3 years: Georgia A. Smith. 11 years;
Laura Custer. 11 years; Edna A. Anthony, 9
years; Myrtle Corrigan. 11 years: Lillian E.
Powers. 7 years; Theresa M. Bowtwell. 10
years: Maud M. Manny. 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $$; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 318 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. IS Montgomery Et.. rooms 9-10: tfl. a 520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 92 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. on and after
TUESDAY, May 2, 1599. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday. Aprjl 28, 1599, at 3
o'clock p. m. i: H SHELDOX. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFHCES,
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main m&7. Bradley &Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LaT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of Mrst-class girls await situa-
tions. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook and
house worker; wages no object. MRS. NOR-
iN, 313 Suites St.
GERMAN middle-aged woman; good cook; $12
to $15; city or country. -MRS. XORTOX. 313
Sutter st. '
YOUXG girl wishes place to take care of
children, housework or second work. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st :
2 FIRST-CLASS girls desire situations as
cook and chambermaid and waitress; best
references; country hotel preferred. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or housework girl; $10 to $15; refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desires situation,
city or country; also a first-class chamber-
maid and waitress; best reference. MISS
CULLEN, 225 Sutler St.
YOUXG Irish girl, German and American
style and a German second girl desire places
In same family. $25 and •-'-' MRS. LA
BERT, 418 Powell st. .___
STROXG and willing German woman wishes
housework; good cook. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st. _
COMPETENT and reliable woman wishes
housework and cooking; also plain washing;
Email family preferred; reference. Please call
at 1207 Folsom st.. near Eighth.
RESPECTABLE young Scandinavian widow,
with 2 children, wishes position as house-
keeper; country preferred. 727?<j Xatoma St.,
bet. Eighth and Ninth. . _
FIRST-CLASS woman wishes chamberwork;
best references. Call or address 437 O'Farrell
st., room 16.
SITUATION wanted by a competent girl to do
housework and cooking; good reference*. Call
at 1311) Florida St., near Columbia School.
WAN. A position by a neat lady to as-
sist with general housework; wages $15. Call
at 919 Sanchez, near Twenty-third.
SITUATION wanted— Light housework or care
of children, by a capable woman; city or
country. Inquire at 1204 Mission st.
WOMAN with a child wishes work to do;
housework, city or country. Call 1793 Market.
YOUNG, girl wants position to do housework.
142 Eighth i--..
COMPETENT woman wishes situation; good
cook, or will do housework. 1530 Folsom st.
YOUXG Swiss woman with experience wishes
a place, for ■king; wages $25. Call 1213
Bush st. between Larkin and Hyde.
YOUXG girl residing with parents would like
position in tending store; salary no obji-ct. 74
Ninth st. . ; ■
INTELLIGENT lady desires any kind of light
employment; good reader. W7 Market., rm luS.
COMPETENT American cook, nice house-
keeper, -..-ou'.d work In city or country; kind
to children: wages $12 to $15. 60 Third St.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; work guaranteed. 209
Eddy .-■
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes any
kind of work by the day; SI per day and car
fare. Call for 3 days at 517 Bush st.
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wishes work 2 days
In the week Call at 312 Van Ness aye.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do bouse-
work: good cook experienced; city references.
7K1 1 -. Hi ward st.
. ••. 'l'l'ix wanted by a young German girl;
upstairs work and sewing; understands wait-
Ing at table. Please call or address S3O Geary.
YOUNG girl (Swedish) wishes to do second and
seamstress work; references; no postals.
Please call at 241 Fell st.
GIRL wishes situation to cook, wash an I Iron
in private family. 243 Natoma st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleaning. Box 108, Call.
REFINED, capable nurse wishes place with
infant or child; fine sewing. Box 107, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; competent to take full
charge. Box 297. Call office.
YOUXG German girl wishes situation to do
light housework or to nurse a child. Ad-
dress '.'.>'■ Jackson St.- :
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light ;
housework; is good cook and housekeeper;
wages moderate. Address 502 Stevenson st.,
corner Sixth.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414>4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
FIRST-CLAPS French cook for restaurant,
steady man, with references, wants position
in city or country; understands any style "or
short orders; wages moderate. Call or ad-
dress 211% Polk Bt. •
! SITUATION wanted as man about place; thor-
oughly understands care of horses; good gar-
dener; can milk: handy with tools; best of
i references. Box isr.. Call.
MARRIED couple wish situations private
place; man generally useful; wife anything
but cooking^ Box 171 Call.
CHINEBE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; small washing, cooking; city, coun-
try. Call W. S. K. COOK & CO., 615% Du-
pont St., room 29.
GOOD cook wants situation, hotel, restaurant,
or board house; country. Apply 312 Van
Ness aye.
FIVE dollars— W"ill pay to any one (securing me
position of any kind; 32 years old; educated;
speaking French, German". Box 170, Call.
BARKEEPER wishes a position; city or coun-
try; best of references. Box 177, Call.
BOY 18 living with parents would like to learn
some good trade. Address box 173, Call.
YOUNG man familiar with machinery desires
employment. Address box ISI, Call
SIXTH, 331— A professional nurse would like
a position as nurse In family; reasonable
terms.
GENTLEMAN having resided many years In
Paris and Rome desires to give lessons In
both languages; reasonable. Box 168, Call.
GOOD bookkeeper wants position; one who un-
derstands his business; will work a*> assist-
ant; salary no object; good reference. Box
101. Call office.
STEADY position as night or day watchman
by middle-aged man; thoroughly honest. will- '
Ing and trustworthy; if required will give
security. B. PAQUAT, box 674, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman residing in Berkeley would
like a position in grocery store In city or Oak-
land with a chance of learning business; best
references; small wages. F. < .. box 87. Call.
FIRST-CLASS gents' garment cutter, using 3
systems, is open for engagement; No. 1 East-
ern references given. Address L. T. MUTH
38-40 Cordova St., Vancouver, B. C.
I WANTED — An honest, ambitious young man
of ability desires position In store, office or
wholesale house; good reference*. Address
P. H. 8., 781 Mission St.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer with a good knowl-
edge of the undertaking business wishes a
situation In the country or city. Box 85, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents- Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP "WANTED—
YOUNG girl to assist, family of 2; must sleep
home; $8. MRS. NORTON, 313 Butter st.
t COOKS, $25 and $30; houeegirl, $25; 8 house-
girls. $20 and $15; houseglrl, Menlo Park, 2 In
family, $25, see party here. MRS. NORTON,
318 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $15; young girl to assist. $12; mid-
dle-aged woman, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313
..Butter at. " ■ ' •
THE SAIS FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
HELP WAXTED— Continued.
GERMAN nursery governess; |25. MISS CUL-
LEN. *>:, Buyer -•
Xi'KSF' l child i years old; $12; sleep home.
MISS CULLEN. Ssj Sutter Bt.
CHAMBERMAID; $15. MISS CULLEN. 32.1
Sutter st.
GIRL to work half day and Bleep home, $12 per
month. MISS cn.l.l'.N, 325 Sutter Bt.
REFINED German second girl, $20 per month;
food place. MISS cl LLKN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 126 Butter st. ;
BECOND girl, 2 In family, $20; 3 second girls,
120 and $26. MISS (TI.LEX, 323 Sutler St.
COLORED cook and housework girl, |SO, Mar-
tinez; neat second girl, 2 in family, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADY'S maid, $30 per month; 2 second girls, ■
,!iid $25; nurse. $25; 10 housework girls. I
1 Ity and county, $20 and $23 per month; 6
young sirls. assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL- I
I.KN, 325 Sutter St.
KKFINKT) irirl a.-sist housework, Capkola, $15,
ccc lady here. MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter St.
COOK, Sausalito, $25, 2 in family; housework.
Glen Ellen, $20; small hotel, see lady here;
housework, Belvedere, $30, for the Ist of May,
Bee lady here. Miss CULLEN, 32S Sutter st.
YOUNG nurse girl, $10 per month; French !
nurse, 1 child 5 years old. $25: waitresses, i
hotels and restaurants, $20 and $16 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN .£• CO Phone Grant 183
Head waitress, country. $35; head waitress,
country. $25; head waitress, city. $22 50: walt-
- for Marysville. Napa. Stockton, Bakere-
Beld, Unit, $20 each; :: waitresses, city, • i
chambermaids to wait, t2O; 2 fancy ironers,
136 and ISO
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook for 4 in family, short ways in country,
$30, fare paid; cook and laundress. Madera
County, small Family, $25, free fare way.
cook and laundress, country, W. see lady
here; 4 German cooks, $25 and $M; Scandi-
navian Kirl for cooking and housework In '
small American family. $25; woman for light '
work and care little girl 7 years old. $15.
choice place, and a number of girls of all na- I
tionalTtiea for cooking and housework, $15 to
| '■ l;. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES, hotel, short ways in country,
$20; see party here B:80 a. in. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, EAimmer resort. $40; laundress for in-
stitu:i n, 130; laundress, private family. $25: j
French nurse, $25; G< rman nurse, $26; t sec-
ond girls, J2": 3 German cooks, wo; bouse-
wi rk. Men!,) Park, Sl'.'i: cook for Sausalito, }- r \
Bee party at 1; waitress and chambermaid,
$20, see party ai 1" a. m.; waitress. $20. city,
and several waitresses fur country; also a
number of girls for housework in city and
country. $», $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutler ,st.
ALL-AROT ND hotel cook for country, restau-
rant style; meat, oystere and pastry; $50. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. Sl6 Sutter st.
roUNG l kkeep.-r tor novelty business, $30 a I
month. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
?. i'ihiks, German style, $25; 6 German house-
work sjirls. 3 young second girls, $15; nice i
German second girl, take care of children and
travel, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 41*> Powell st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20; fare paid, HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Keaniy st.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work: German cooking preferred. Call 21H7
Devlsadero Bt., bet. Sacramento and clay.
O >MPETENT girl for get ■ work; must
Bleep home. 7'.<7 McAllister St.
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work; need not cook. ]SU Eddy st.
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking; paid
while learning. 420 Larkln et.
YOUNG Klrl to assist at light housework;
WMKfJ moderate. 404 Capp St., nr. Nineteenth.
GIRL to care tor baby and do light housework,
(10 168 St( lari st., after 10 a. m.
UK FINED unlncumbered lady, under 25. as
model; willing to leave city. Box IC9, Call.
. wanted; vsajesh. J.":<2 O'FarreU
street.
GIRL fur light housework and plain cooking;
$)> month ntlna St
FIRST-CLASS presaer. M 4:.' McAllister st.. at
Golden Gate I lye Works.
FIRST-CLASS bands on vests; good pay; also
apprentice. 41P-J Kearny at., top floor.
GIRL wani work; good
home. Call if! 823 Full
YOUNG «irl to assist In light housework. 530 ;
Lyon st.
GIRL to mind baby. 1801 Fillmore st.
COAT finisher, 520 Kearny st., first floor,
room 1.
DRESSMAKERS — First-class skirtmakers.
HUWHAY. r.lti Sutler st
GIRL to mind • blldren; wage - M - E
race, off Pine st., near Stockton.
RIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
S'atoma st.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LHVI STHAT'SS & CO 30^ Fremont st. ]
111. 1.1* WASTED MALE.
tAY & READY Phone Mall
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
25 tunnel men for railroad
ICdger man, lumber company, Bee boss here;
■. tender, largo lumber company; 3 camp
■.smiths, $&1 and $45 and found
Ranch blacksmiths; blacksmith, country shop;
blacksmith's helper
2 ranch teamsters $2« and found
Bugg) washer, $35 and found; stablemen, $30
and $2." and found
5 carpenters, city and country
Carriage painter, $2 50 day
Trimmer for carriage works
inn and vineyard hands and milkers, $26
and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
t; waiter.-, city and country, $25 and found;
German waiter, country; 10 cooks, $3o and $4U
and J-t". ami found; dishwashers, eto.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 ''lay st.
C. R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
- tare railroad work free Fare
Gang of laborers, coast road free fare
1". 2-horse teamsters, for the front, coast
road - free fa re
15 2-horse teamsters, $22 and board. .free fare
25 4-horse teamsters, $2.". and board. free fare
Railroad blacksmith, $50 and board. free, fare
Hlacksmith, railroad camp, $2 25 to $2 50 a
day free fa re
■•: maters and laborers for other rail-
road work i
MISCELLANEOUS
Carriage painter. $2 25 a day; blacksmith,
sawmill, $4."i: blacksmith, ranch, $35; harness-
maker, ranch, S3O and found; milker, $25;
milker, $22 50.
:; farmers, $25 and found; 4 plow hands for
a vineyard. $25 and found; 2, farmers. Contra
Costa Co., $20; woodchoppers, il EO a cord;
in laborers, city, $1 a day and board; 10 la-
borers for a quarry, $1 a day and board.
In tunnelmen and miners.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS I
Waiter, hotel, $:'•"•: waiter, country hotel, $25;
waiter, country restaurant, $30 and room, see
purtv here: 2 waiters, springs; helps ball
waiter, springs, $22 50; second cook, hotel,
j ■ porters, country hotels, $20; and others.
i X HANSEN & CO., 104 Geai
WANTED
Coachman for gentleman's place, near City;
, n'-es required, i'm per month and found;
driver for milk mute in city, city experience
and references required, $3o per month and
found
French waiter $30
Butter maker for dairy. nt?ar city, *35; 4 more
laborers for go9fi lor* job In city, $26 and
board ••
2 milkers, good steady Job. $30: farmers, near
cily. $25 and $28; elevator boy for lodging
house in city, $4 i>er week to start; piun^ie
sawyer for good Job, near city, $40 and board;
woodchoppers, tiemakers and others. W. I).
EWER A CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED Scotch shepherd, $25: blacksmith for
camp, $t"4: farmers for Napn, Sonoma and
Contra Costa counties, $20; Scandinavian
farmer for Nevada, $25: 2 carriage painters,
T2 50 day; 15 railroad laborers and teamsters;
laborers for city, $1 75 day; cooks, dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— American ranch foreman. Blngle
man. with California references, $500 year.
J. V. CROSETT <t CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ol^li man as dishwasher, $5 per month and
found. Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITERS, same country hotel, $25.' hotel.
GAZETTE. 42u Kearny st.
YOUNG man with some experience in leather
cutting and die sinking; one with a talent for
drawing preferred: steady employment. Ap-
ply at glass works, Seventh and Townsend.
STOUNQ men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 2«
Sl.uart st.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; one familiar
with sawmill machinery preferred. California
Saw Works. 8K Mission st.
WANTED— Wheelwright understanding wood-
working machinery. Call or address box 93,
or apply W. BEMENT, Redwood.
BOY 12 or 13 years old for errands and to help
In drug store. Address, giving age. name and
residence, box IM. Call office.
WANTED— A good tailor at 190 Josßle st.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker or general tailor.
Mtkltelsen <fc Berry. 2124 Center st.. Berkeley.
WANTED Two good painters. Apply 172S i
Paru st., Alameda.
BOOTBLACK; steady. 108 Fourth Bt.
BAKER'S helper; must have experience. Ap-
ply 615 Third st.
HELP WANTED— Contlnned,
WANTED— Steady man; light outdoor work;
good waees and chance of increase; small
capital required. 1032 Market st.. room 4.
CARPENTERS for Mare Island. A. DAHL-
BERG. 318 Bush St.. from 9 to 12 a. m.
3 LABORERS; pick and shovel. Fourteenth
st. and Railroad aye., south.
AN experienced tobacco stripper wanted. 410
I^arkin st.
ASSISTANT drug clerk, IS to 20 years of age.
Apply drug Ftore. Geary and Fillmore sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 36
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to- speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
nce. 40 Ellis at., San Francisco, Cal.
LADIES' tailors wanted for the country; good
wages to first-class men. Apply STEIN,
SIMON & CO., Market and Second sts.
WANTED— AbIe-bodied men; age 16 to 60: sol-
diers preferred; send 10c for particulars.
CAPT. HALL, Box 1160, New Orleans, La,
TAILORS- Fh-Bt-claes~taik>rs. BOWHAY, 516
Sutter st.
WANT Locksmith helper at 1706 Dwight way,
Berkeley.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys,
■ Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
PORTER and bedmaker wanted tor country
place. Address box 103. Call office.
BADDLE hand, who can do stamping. MAIN
£ WINCHESTER, 214 Battery st.
WANTED -Carriage and sign painter. 2137
Dwight way, Berkeley, Cal.
TO go this week — 500 pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 60c to $1 50; new shoes.
Slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
btt. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 d. m.
WANTED— Chitter on ladles' cloaks. Address
box 262, Call office.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. Brldeshaw, Sec.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d ats.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie UC4.
150 MEN to take lest single room. 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d st.. and "Oak-
land House," G64Vi Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large !
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS fur Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket, 700 rooms. 2r>c ni^ht : reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to JOe; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, i3BVi Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Linden House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 2So per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, S63Vi Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 9C7 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
SMART man with good connection to canvass
and collect on salary and commission. W.
BROWN. Ml Montgomery St., 9 to 11. 4 to 6.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Luster; best seller
out: sample, postpaid. 2,v. J. Brown, 332.8u5h.
PARTNERS WAXTED.
PARTNER wanted a gentleman with S2OOO
and . lence as i lerk "r bookkeeper
ca:i secure (rood investment on application
;it Call business <.frloe.
HUIM,> WAXTED.
cash buyer would like modern house of 2
ll. its In Western Addition or Hayes Valley;
not to exceed ?-!■""-'. Address Buyer, box 172,
'.ill of lice.
ROOMS WANTED.
I OR 2 furnished rooms, suitable light house-
keeping; private family; neighborhood Mason,
Powell, Green. Union, Filbert. Box 16«, Call.
ROOMS AND BOAItI WAXTED.
WANTED A nice home for a man and bin
child vi years old at some private family. Box
:■ . c..ii
FIRXITIHE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHKR, 632 Market St., pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WAM'KD-MIStELLAXEOIS.
WANTED 16-bore breech-loading shotgun;
cheap. Address CHAB. EL, :»04 Dolores ■
LAUNCH, 2.". to 3'J ft., witn or without engine;
must 1.- -h.;ip. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
DENTISTS.
DrT't. S. HIGGINS 1 Dental Parlors.
Emma Kpreckels' bldg., 527 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
ive carefully treat before they are tilled or !
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates I
from ?.". We guarantee to till sensitive teeth
■without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates ; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and sum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from 5.".; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 60c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, ■-'■! Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO MKNTAI. CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up: plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to l'u p. m. ; Sunday, it to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
! DR. GEORC.K W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret ..method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set 'of
teeth. J.": crowns, $3; fillings. 50c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 120t> Mark'-t st.. cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN Vl'.oom Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings ami Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of tf-eth. $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, s Mason st.. corner Market.
DH LUDLUM HILL. 144:; Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IMI Polk st
LOWEST price? in S F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist. !W Mission, cor, t'th.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil tn^mlnlngT as^
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, language*. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches. etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates- day.
evening. PAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS*COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.;
e»t IS*M. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
j BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 578 I'arrott building.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, !C'T Market, S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post: ablest profs.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 4<> Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
_ beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter bU;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet~ci"eanTng Co~
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTONS 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944._
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet cleaning Co.. 24" 14th
at.: cleaning 8c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 128.
PERSONALS.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
• rises taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
st., near Twenty- fifth; Guerrerc-st. cars.
LADY wishes good family with no children to
take boy 8 years old to board. Box 300, Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
FRED SEIBERT of San Francisco— Please -/rite
. 470 Tehama St. MOTHER.
.Ii 'SF.ru GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
• 'lasses, $2, %'i and $5 monthly; single lessons
Sti (one weekly); $10 (2 w.); $15 (S W.);s2o(4w.j
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
G. LEDERER. leading nairdresßer; price 25c;
switches. $1: hair rolls, 35c; Quintoniea Hair
Tonic, 35c; Foamo Shampoo, sc. 123 Stockton.
G. LEDERER has the most artistic hairdress-
ers on the coast; Imports the latest Parisian
coiffures and still charges but 2ic; longest
hair rolls, 35c. 123 Stockton st.
MASON, 16-18, The New Perint Restaurant-
French or American dinner, 50c; lunch, 2oc;
private rooms for ladies.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all klnd3
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 48S Haight.
RELIABLE legal advice free; any case civil
or criminal, bankruptcy, divorces, collection,
etc; open evenings. Address or call AN-
_CHOR, 653 Clay st.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SEND stamp for free copy matrimonial paper
containing many personal ads. 653 Clay st.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.'
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission St., near 20th
— Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms: also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market st.; open evenings.
A — Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. .IACORS. 1021 Folsom st.
A — CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
SRARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to (J2l Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SI'ITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no in-
jection ;guantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds-$S 50; bedrm sets $8; bed-loung-
?s $4 r.Q: open ev'°. L. ,T. NEUMANN. 121 fith
.IHKSSMARKHS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1: plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts, 2, r ic. 810 Pine st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittitiKs. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. t)VS McAllister st.; come, skeptics.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. psychometrist and clair-
voyant; readings, 50c; letters, 50c. 17L4 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writinK medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Men., 8; 26c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MME. LENEMAR. removed to 34 Sixth St.,
room 5: fortunes by planets.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A-MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO,
AT 1023V4 MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome yuur enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the une you love nu lailure, reniuve in-
fiuence, bad luibits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, Sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
lOJS'.-j Market street, San Francisco.
AJUUVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MMi:. E. CURLETt
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St., be-
tween Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
pawer is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. .She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power. Her
parlors are thronged by anxious people looking
for important information, and every reply is
most gratifying; all are pleased. Without a
question she tells each caller their name and
for what they came. She gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, lawsuits, old estates, love,
courtship and marriage— evervth.ng. The un-
fortunate and troubled should seek her counsel
and Mart aright. Positively no attention paid
to letter unless $1 accompanies. 8 a. m. to
8 ."•" p. m.
UKTURNED— Mme. Arndt. the great clairvoy-
ant, tells past and future; has never failed;
has the seven seals, the greatest Egyptian
t of the world; shows pictures of future
husband and wife; gives lucky numbers, ad-
vice in speculations on all affairs, tips on
races; satisfaction guaranteed; prices 2".c Up;
dally and Sunday. 342 Third st, near Folsom.
MMX. PORTER. wond.-rful clairvoyant and
card render; horn with double veil and eec-
■ ii 1 sIrIU: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles. 50c: gents. $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
, past, present and future; 25c. IJSVc sth, r. 21.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St., r. 34: French and German spoken.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. USA Geary St.. rooms 1 and 2.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 2L':t Post St.. room 6.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. UgSlXth st., rooms 2-3.
RETURNED EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Hush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
Miss EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor. 6.
MMX. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
net Ist. 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA read's life fluently: businrss
advice; names given; 2. r )f up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi pages. In wrapper, for mnlllng. SI per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger.
malne. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621: reading by mail, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
Ft.; 15 years' experience; references given.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
WILL sell cheap for cash to-day and continue
to-morrow until entire lots of household goods
of 6 rooms are all sold, including parlor set,
3 bedroom sets, piano, steel range, nearly
new, sewing machine, and a thousand other
articles; must sell; tome early for bargains.
3314 Twenty-sixth St.. between Mlss.ion and
Howard.
NEW furniture for sale of 4 rooms and bath;
a snap on rent. 527 Post st.
FOR sale— 3 couches, 1 chair, % hair mattress;
no dealers need apply. 1200 Eddy st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market!
LOST.
LOST or misplaced about April 3, a trunk. Any
one hearing of the same can receive a reward
by addressing box 106, Call.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARGARET EDNA ELIZABETH
WARD, No. 115-171. The finder will please re-
turn tn bank.
LOST— Feather boa at Good Fellows' Grotto or
neighborhood. Saturday night; suitable re-
L ward. Apply Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl6oo; SALOON doing a rushing business and
elegantly fitted up; opposite the ferrtes build-
ing; rent $100; 3 years' lease; a splendid loca-
tion and an Al paying- place. Call R. G.
WILKE; 906 Market st.
A— s22so; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
st.; established many years; doing first-class
paying business; living rooms; daily receipts,
$30; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average daily
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE. 906 Market st. room 6.
A— ssoo: RESTAURANT; best business location
in this city; rent $25; established years; aver-
age daily receipts $25; good prices; best class
customers. R. G. WILKE, UO6 Market st.
A— s4so; DELICATESSEN store and branch,
bakery on Larkin St.; doing a splendid pay-
ing business; rooms; rent low; owners bought
country. hotel. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
laet 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying bar, etc.;
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at once; a genuine bar-
galn. Call R. G. WILKE, rm. 8, 906 Market.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. 8, 906 Market.
HOTEL, near the city; good paying busi-
ness; this is a rare chance for the right
party. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777 Market.
$550— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; will be required to deliver goods
and collect. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 mi«.
$550— SALOON on Market St.; bargain on ac-
count of departure. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
777 Market st. •■
FOR sale— The choicest ever offered in country
-hotel property; the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel in Llvermore, opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage, stables and outhouses; lot
150x150; water and gas all through the hotel;
elegant barroom; furniture in splendid con-
dition; present owner for 25 years; old age
and ill health cause of sale. Apply to SIEBE
BROS. _ PLAGEMANN, 328 Sansome St., or
at hotel, for further information. ■ ,
$400— OLD established dairy produce stand;
doing fine business; all first-class customers;
horse and wagon; rent $15. JONES & CO..
865 Market st.
DELICACY store; must sell *this day; great
bargain. COWING & CO., 595 Market st.
RESTAURANT; bargain this day acc6unt sick-
ness; investigate. COWING & CO.. 995 Mkt.
$350— OYSTER and coffee house; best block of
Sixth st.; business of $13 dally: private I
rooms; cheap rent. HEALY & HIMMEL. 917
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar very cheap,
$1000; a fine and cheap saloon, near Market,
$1200. GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
$500— PARTNER in mechanical business; $18 to
• $25 a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest' Co., 9 Geary st.
.
A— IF you want to be shown the best bargain
ever offered on saloon in San Francisco
call S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
RESTAURANT and chophouse; north side of
Market St.; doing good business; will stand
Investigation. Address box 183, Call office.
FOR sale — A bargain; stationery and bazaar;
centrally located. Address box 178, Call.
FOR sale — Small "up-to-date" printing-office.
Address 8., box ISO, Call office.
BARBER shop wanted; 2 chairs; state price;
city or country. Address box 179, Call office.
. ,
$C 0 old-established market; present owner
there 10 years. Box 174, Call' office.
FOR sale — Carpenter shop with a well-estab-
lished trade. Apply at 609 Octavia st.
$550— GOOD-PA saloon; easy terms: part
cash, balance payments. Call to-day at. 124 4th.
FOR Bale— First-class saloon. W. A. SULLI-
VAN, 215 Sixth st.
PARTNER is wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
Is familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432, Call office; investigate.
BAKERY— Good location; store trade; cheap
for cash; sickness; must go East at once. A.
B. W.. 302 Fourth St., upstairs.
GROCERY, wood, coal, hay and feed business;
whole or separate. NE. cor. Valley & Dolores.
FINE corner saloon, nicely fitted; doing a good
business; on very easy terms on account o£
going East. 1001 Larkin st.
RESTAURANT; fine fixtures; good loca-
tion; $20 per day; bargain. Nat. Ag., 7 Grant.
WANTED— honest partner, with $150, in
reliable business. 995 Market st., room 1,
FOUR chair barber shop, lac and 25c, for sale,
on account of sickness. Box 310, Call.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per' month; good
prices; low rent; must sell. 332 Bush st.
FOR sale— lmmediately, the Ivy Shaving Par-
lor, 791 Mission St.; on account of sickness.
BUTCHER shop and fixtures cheap. 1302 Steiner
st., corner Eddy.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 4 revolving
chairs. Apply 119 Fourth st.
SALOON, stock and fixtures; good stand;
living rooms. Inquire at 650 Sacramento st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant and saloon;
reasonable; selling account sickness; good
location; good trade. Southeast corner Broad-
way and Front st.
AN oW-estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.; doing $500 per
mo. ; going to Europe. John Redley. 340 Third.
$225— DELICACY, bakery, variety store; living
rooms; fine location; no agents; party leaving
city. Box 293, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. 'P. 415 Sacramento st.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st. '
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st $S5O
17-room house; large yard; downtown — 400
18 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600 j
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350 !
64-room house; clears $300; payments 3000
54-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
KREDO & C 0.... 22H Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$223— Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets, por-
tieres, etc.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full of
paying roomers. ♦ .
$1500—18 rooms; very swell boarding; ele-
gant dining room.
For complete list, 6 rooms to 600, call.
LODGING houses— l 6 rooms, $250; 36 rooms,
$300; 2S rooms. $300; 3S rooms, $1500: 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$300— FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms: bargain this
day. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
. good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331% Bush st.
SACRAMENTO. Lodging-house, 15 well-
furnlshed rooms; rent $40.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
r>oßtßr<» paid.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ONE camping wagon; also one 6-can milk wa-
gon; stiff pole. 2727 Mission st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; will board out
half. 1631 Market St.. MRS. GREER. .
FOR Desirable lot In Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Box 182. Call office.
BARS.. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
.above Sixth. • ■ ]
TWO-STONE diamond and sapphire ring, $65;
worth $150. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FRESH Jersey cow, with calf 3 weeks old,
for sale, cheap. ■ 3897 Seventeenth st.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
for sale cheap at "42 Main St.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
1 almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st:
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Misslcn st. j
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; .saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 619 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2, $123;
3, $150; $4, $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st. j
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will j
fit phono or graphophone. BaclgalupKl)33 Mkt. I
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all I
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
i ..-.-..' •>■•■ • *
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AsTwtTare selling sood upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per. month, we ask you to investi-
gate and apprlre this method; prices are the
fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
■ in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 and
Si ncr month SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stefnwa^ dealers cor. Kearny and Sutter sts
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way, Oakland. *_ _____
A FEW special bargains from 5140 up.
Weber; used 6 months.
Chlckeing; good as new.
Knabe; a bargain. .
Emerson; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut case. .■■ , j
$6 monthly payments; all guaranteea
BENJ. J. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous.
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE 3,
26. a and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ____
JUST arrived— New upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 60 per month. SCOTT-CLRTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of th«
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT upright Steinway for sale; reason-
able. ■ 323 Larkin st.
UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heifte. 136 Ellis.
R. A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 305 to 312 Post st. .
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415. Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis pianos.
BARGAIN upright cheap. SCHMITZ, It
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Fnrrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.,,**
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. ■*< . -
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EXPER^TJOPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert "optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femal*
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $5; no Instrument!
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy at., j
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 3
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
tame <?ay; no instruments used; cure at office.
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes.; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
By Wafers are the only reliable female lem-
edy in the world; imported from Paris: take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER _ CO.. drug-
giFts, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO.. ..«• ■'
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents. '
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
BO years' practice: sat> and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of. monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $3; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 1
to 8 p. m; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
GREAT progress in medical science which
saves great trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician always and at any time:
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; absolutely safe; cure, $5; always re-
stores in one day and prevents disgrace; can
be Bent; consultation free. DR. POPPER.
Ladies' Physician, practiced for 37 years, 318
Kearny st.
LADlES— Chichester"s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market St.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions; ,«?
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN, free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth ; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
prate; regular, physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies knoW "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement: best refs. ;
1540,.i Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann. midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
• United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1&99, the l-takersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application in writing.
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th J
day of April. 1*99. called for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion have been fully paid. and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published In the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest in
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file In my office, on or before
the 22.1 day of May. 1899, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition. -.'.•-■
. in testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April, 1899. " lms
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEAN_
County Clerk and ex-Ofncio Clerk of th«
Superior Court. ao
. By E. M. THOMPSON"
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court. y w
CITY and County Treasury, San Frane!»<T
April 14, 1899-In compliance with the Di-
visions of section 5 of order 1698 of the Board
of Supervisor*, approved September 15 isso
also in accordance with an act of the' State
Legislature, approved March 16. 1872. there
will be sold at public auction by' E. S. Spear
& Co - ?L thelr salesrooms. 31 and 33 Sutter
Ft., on MONDAY. May 15. 1599. at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.: also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased . persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale
_ I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and reildenc— *
Ml* Market it., bet. fith ana nk. enc *.HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES— RENT REDUCED.
:539 Green, if r $45 1267 Ellis, ? r. $27
1220 Laguna. 9 r 35 3021 Buchanan, 5 r... 16
HW Golden Gate, lo r3O ZSI9 Green, 6 r 12
2M3 Octavla, 7 r.... 80 rl2 Howard. 6 r.... 20
A. M. SPECK & CO.. il^Market at.
YORNER house, 7 room and bath. Twenty-sec-
ond and Bartlett sts.; rent cheap.
JACKSON. "II7S. near Jones —House. . 7 rooms,
bath; fine place; grand view.
MINNA, 345. between Fourth ami' Fifth— 6-room
house; rf-papered untl painted.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of honors from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
TWO room?; closets; water; rent $3. 2S2Va Na-
toma *t., near Fourth.
$S— HOUSE of S rooms: newly papered: large
yard: wuter free. Hickory aye.. near Gough;
W grocery, southeast .-or. <',ough and Fell.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LEV.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; largo yard.
Apply on premises. CHS Guerrero st.
S ROOMB nnd bath: well furnished: to rent for
3 months only: rent >t-' .V. Call "■'.: California,
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGES " H E NT REDUCED.
C 25 Valencia; 6 r...5201K Erkson court; sr..sil
4220 Mth: 5 r 13 2933 Army; 4 r 8
210G O'Farrell; 4 r.. 11 US Garden aye.; 4 r.. 7
A. M. SPECK & CO.; 667 Market st.
NICE sunny cottage. 4 rooms; hot and cold
wntrr; rent $U. 2515 Clay St., near Scott.
fINNY cottages, 4 :md 5 rooms, basement; also
flat of 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 187* Fifteenth
ft., r.nar Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
BARTLETT, 225— 510; 4 rooms and bath, un-
furnished: range connecting with hot water.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat: 5 rooms; l-ath; cheap.
COMPLETELY, furnished 7-room flat; very de-
*v tirable location; reasonable to desirable p ar -
*■ lies; references required. Box 104. Call.
CASTRO, 458. near 171 and Market— New mod-
ern sunny double upper fiat; stable: cheap.
ELEVENTH, 120— i nny flatT 5 nicely fur-
nished rooms; modern conveniences: landlord
going away for summer; must have secur-
ity; rent $20.
FIFTEENTH aye.. IS3'\ South San Francisco— j
Newly renovated flats of 4. 5 rooms: rent $•?.
FLATS— Rent reduced.
964 Pine; 7 $45 00 721 Monti, aw: 6.. .514
''.■2S California; 7. 30 00 1606 Page: 3 15
a:: Page; 6 27 50' 521 Fell; 3 13
TO9 Webster; 7... 27 50' SIS Pt. Lobes; ■•■ 12
1>32 Green; 7 25 00 CTIS McAllister; 4... 1U .
121S Fulton; 7 25 00 815.Pt. Lobos; ... 8 1
9CS Powell; 6 25 00. 648 Jessie; 3 •
524 Fell; 6 19 001 606 Shotwelll 5 ... 11 ;
160S Turk; 6 17 001 1342 25th; 4 10 |
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
GEARY, 2257— Handsomely furnished flat, 6
rooms; bath: piano; sunny: modern; reason-
able.
LEAVENWORTH. Wl'?, near California— Flat
of 3 large sunny rooms; entire, floor.
LOWER fiat. 4 rooms, bath; large yard; rent
$12. C 075 Twenty-fourth ?t., near Folsom.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of fiius from BALDWIN & I
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st :
SUNNY 5-room flat. $13; healthiest part "
town. 3 Pine place, off Pine st., near Mason.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny I rooms: $15.
E97 Noe Et., corner Nineteenth: upper 5
rooms ■ $17. J
$14— FLAT; double parlors, dining-room and
kitchen. 41 Hermann, junc. Market- Valencia.
$13— UPPER flat: 4 sunny rooms. 3632 Array St.,
bet Valencia and Guerrero.
J^ ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of " large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and bed- !
room; turniture all new; $1 7."< per week. $7 j
per month. Apply at shoe store, o<i2 Mission '
street, between First and Second streets.
API! aye., 88, near City Hall— 2 sunny unfur- '
nlshed rooms; rent $S.
EDDY, Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
splendid location; large garden; no children.
FIRST. 2^—2 front. furnished rooms and kitchen,
suitable for llgiit housekeeping, $12 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1410— Finely furnished
floor; every convenience; sun; bath; yard.
GROVE, 304. cor. Polk— Several neatly .'furnshd.
hkpg rms.: renovated: incandescent lights.-
HARRISON. 7&6, corner Fourth— Nicely fur- j
niched housekeeping room."; also furnished j
rooms, single or in suit. j
HOWARD, 64S— Room for light housekeeping. I
HOWARD, 704. cor. Third— Nicely furnished ;
suite for light housekeeping; others; cheap.
HOWARD. 1144— Furnished or uniur. sunny j
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water, i
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 larte sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent very reasonable.
HOWARD, 1324— Sunny back rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
HYDE, 110 — 3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
lng.
KEARNY, 330, near Pine— Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
KEARNY, 342—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; par-
ties to look after house for rent.
1 LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
■^ ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEAVENWORTH, Ml— 4-room flat: bath: no !
children; furnls'hed. $17; unfurnished. $14.
MARKET, 102S, opp. Fifth— Large sunny front j
room and kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MINNA, Ill's, near Second— Furnished house, j
keeping bay-window suite, with piano, $2 wk. I
MINNA, 371— Large Bunny furnished room; I
water; sieve; closets; yard; private family. !
MINNA, f.46, near Sixth— Furnished rooms, com-
pete for nous-.-keej-ing; large yard.
MISSION, 1125' i. near Seventh— Front room
and kitchen; good cookstove; cheap.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping I
rooms complete; no children.
NATOMA, 645—2 large sunny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping, $11; upstairs.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— 56; 2~~FurnlFhed
housekeeping rooms; sunny yard for children.
NINTH, 20—2 sunny connecting rooms. $10; 1
bay-window, $S; single, }6; stove; water; gas.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite of rooms, furnishej for
light housekeeping; running water; stuve.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay win-
dows, singly, $8; with kitchen, gas stove, $12.
OCTAVIA. SOS— Nice sunny furnished floor of 3
rooms and kftehen: bath, .... yard; reasonbl.
POLK 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, cheap.
POWELL) 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
POWELL. 903, near Sacramento — sunny
housekeeping rooms; complete; bath; reas.
SACRAMENTO, 1514—4 pleasant sunny rooms; I
handsomely furnished; together or single; j
housekeeping if desired; modern; clean; fine
location.
SEVENTH, 173— Sunny furnished rooms for |
huusekpg; running water; large yard; reas. |
FIXTH. 216V4— Sunny . keei Ing rooms, run- '
i ring water; also beautiiul front rooms; reas. !
SIXTH. 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms; '
alsoiparlor suite; bath; quiet house.
THIRTEENTH, 405, corner of Valencia— Nicely
furnished front suit-.- of rooms for housekpg.
TWENTY-61XTH.1 3387.^ near % taua'lon£3i-lsrff«
front connecting furnished housekeeping -,
rooms; running water; $10.
TURK, 534H— 3 rooms and bath: complete for
housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 40<>^3 well 1 furnished % Bunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and I
back garden; reasonable.
ZOE, 31. near Third and Bryant— Furnished
nouankeanlng rooms; cheap.
— — ~— — — — — — — —^— — _ — _.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLI NGTON i House,! 127 iKearnyi Pleasant
»unny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
1! every respect; terma reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor* etc -
Homelme lioukc; modern service; elevator- !
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. j'. KING!
A— THE WALDORF. Fl'th < st. -New- sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites"
Bingle; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old V. No.S 1864) Fur
nlhhjd rooms, suites. Blr.gle; also unfurnished. i
BUSH, 421. nr. Keurny-Several choice ? rooms '
With «as and stationary washitand; $1 up. " '
HUSH. 1124— Elegant room, running water
l.ath, host in city. $10.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, '21— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices: cheap-
er and betUr than any house In the city.
1 UEARYi ma. opposite trail building Single
"1 room; running water; $1 50 per week.
i^SRAND SOUTHERN, BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 MUglon-Select family
rooming house; $160 to %i per week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Putter— under j
new management Ap. 1; elegnnt sunny suites,
Single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD. Homelike, sunny furnished
rooms; from $1 week up; bath. i
JESSIE, 4:-: 1 .-' Front bay-window room with
closet, $8; other rooms. . i
JESSIE, 1314—3 sunny rooms; yard; rent $S.
KEARNY, 209 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 60 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MINNA. 172, near Third— Two front bay-win-
dow rooms. I
Minna. 667. corner Elghth-Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 Pff_J*'fg J_ tranB! .'' nt "
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furntshed rooms; els-
vator: electric lights: day. week vr montn.
O'FARRELL 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able, ___
OAK, ?Ss— Large furnished front room, for 1 or
2; gas; bath; private family; cheap.
POWELL 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room: reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light reading room, smoking room t1 and j
ladies' parlor; room per - ght. 3..C to $1 oO; |
week $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on '
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND" 52 A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable^ r
SEVENTH, 102 — Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping^ _________
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., j
near Market-Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 150— Nicely furnished sunny front
room: German people. . : I
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; hoard opt'l.
STEVENSON. M 74— Sunny furnished rooms,
from $3 to $4 month.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TT'HK. 42'j. and 102 Taylor -'Desirable sunny
room?: ;<lso 1 corner bay-window room for 2.
... . _." . -
BOARDING am> rooms.
CALIFORNIA] SO7, "The Blngham"— California
anii well-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding. with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HILL. 12\i— Lnrge sunny front bay-window
room; also - others; board reasonable; private.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL, 824— Elegant large furnished
rooms and suite, with or without board.
POW ELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully . furnished
suites and single rooms; excellent board.
BUTTER 112S— Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking. ■ '-
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 2f>c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CUILDRE:. BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO Lt)T.
TO let— Barber shop and dwelling; last party
just left for the East; rent low. Apply at
1555 Fifteenth st.
3 FINE new stores on Seventh St., corner Min-
na, with 2 living rooms back of each. By
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine et. ________
STORE. Twenty-second and Castro: new build- ! .
ing; fixtures for groceries and saloon. Key
at 1251 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch I
bakery, notions; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2S4S
Fclsom st.
TO let-Store and 2 large rooms. 217% Eleventh
Ft., near Howard.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for :
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
POWELL. 143— Furnished office; good loca-
tion: occupied by doctor for 7 years
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-6?. Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6 l i per cent on real estate, 2d '
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- 1
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de- j
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew- ;
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 646 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and !
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 180 Powell st. :
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can Bave inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason et.
IF your property- is mortgaged and you need j
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlssif.n; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NORTH Oakland real estate in great demand.
For the best bargains in cottages, lots or
acreage property apply to R. J. MONTGOM-
ERY, "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
quarters," 47 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
$6,-,O;,_GnOD country hotel In Alameda County;
pays well and good reason for selling; a
genuine bargain; terms half cash and balance
7 per cent interest: 6 daily trains. ALDEN
CO 902 Broadway, Oakland. . I
$25 CASH. $5 monthly till paid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new |
fencing and shade trees; price $300 In all: i
fine soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
in tropical Fruitvale Valley; settling up rap- ;
Idly: streets all graded; main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard; el.?c-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house Call or send for circular. 435 Seventh
t-t., near Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly i
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrappers for mailing. $1 per year.
O AKL AND FURNI SHED HOU6E TO LET
OAKLAND suburbs— 6 rooms and bath. Par-
ttrularp address box 47. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE,
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
_____——— !
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$ 00— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac- [
' adamized street; near station and school.
$ltioo— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School: easy terms.
C24oo— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and -bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance :
♦26 per month. v~': ■■■'::'■■-'■■ ■
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-Story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great enap.
. Houses to let _! BSKSSJS city.
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly i
Call 16 pages, sent to any address !n the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
AF.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. 'UN'KE, 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes' the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
MX"ST be sold within a week;- 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills; no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real j
_TVtat<?. Berkeley Station. £_
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for" sale or exchange; all
new and modern: polished floors; «x big bar-
gain. Call or address 2137 Dwight way. |
THE SAN FEANCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, APBIL 27, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PARK LOTS^ ~""~~~" ~ ~-— -
-• PARK LOTS.
PARK LOTS.
Selling Like Hot Cakes. Over 100 Lots Sold.
$25 CASH; $5 MONTHLY.
Come out to our branch office Sunday and see
the large number of, people there buying lots;
most successful sale in years'; cheapest lots of-
fered In years.
PRICE. $200 UPWARD.
TERMS-$25 CASH. .$5 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth. Ninth. Tenth and Eleventh
ayes., near Golden Gate Park; large amount of
street work now being- done and many new
homes being erected; take Halglit or Ellis"- st.
cars, transfer to electric road running to the
Cliff House, get off at H st. and Ninth aye.;
our branch office is on the comer — maps, price-
list, etc., there.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
• . 10 Montgomery st.
PARK FRONTAGES. - 7"
Stanyan- st., between Beulah and Frederick;
accepted street f blturainlzed) ; cars pass.
GREAT BARGAINS.
LOTS 2".x106:3-$2500.
A ; SL'RE SPECULATION.
TERMS TO -SUIT.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— sl7so; Powell aye., close to Mission st.; 3
flats of 4. 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 25x100; this
in a very good Investment.
$21,000— Large corner, 50x75, junction Market
and Valencia sts. ; Improvements, 3-story build-
ing.
$2450— Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly; Eureka st., near Nineteenth; up-to-
date house; contains 5 rooms; porcelain bath,
etc. , ■■■
$11, 000— Jackson St., In Presidio Heights dis-
trict; lot 27:0x127; sunny side of street; im-
provements, 2-story and attic residence of 10
rooms, 2 baths and all conveniences: marine
view.
$SoOO— Offer wanted; rent $75; California St.;
lot 25x137:6; 2 handsome flats of 7 rooms, etc.;
each: always rented; splendid Investment.
$7500— 51000 cash, balance monthly; Ashbury
St., near Fell; modern residence, containing 9
rooms and bath; all the latest conveniences;
lot 25x103.-
-$13,500 Rent $117 50; Union st.. east of Tay-
lor; large lot, with good improvements; .all
rented.
$7000— $60; Clara St., within 70 feet of
Sixth st.; splendid renting- neighborhood; large
lot, 44xS0; a good Investment.
$0000— Steuart st., near Market; 2-story build-
Ing, containing store and flat above of 5 rooms;
rent $50.
$?000— Rent $87 50: brand-new, flats, within
half a Mock of Golden Gate Park Panhandle;
3 flats, containing 6 rooms and bath each; mod-
ern plumbing and every convenience.
HANDSOME FLATS
AT THE MISSION. ■
$4100— Beaver st., near Market and Noe sts.;
2 nice flats; contain 0 rooms and bath each;
both rented.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2400— Connecticut St., no— Twentieth; 2 flats
of 4 rooms and bath each: always rented.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT.
$5250— 3 handsome new flats, close to the
Pnrk; up-to-date in every respect; marble steps,
etc. ; sun In every room; best bargain in the
market.
$20,000— Best part of Western Addition (Pan-
handle district); 6 handsome new 1 ..ts of 6
rooms and bath each; large corner lot, 50x106:3;
a splendid Income property; rent $190.
$3500 — Not far from the corner of Stanyan and
Frederick sts.; 1%-story residence, containing
8 room? and bath; lot 25xS0; easy terms; house
cost $4000 to build. .
$7500 — Rent $66; splendid new 2-story and base-
ment building on Hayes St.. not far from town,
containing 2 handsome sunny flats of 7 rooms
each; lot 25x137:6.
$5250— Washington si., near Powell: 2-story
brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$6150— Rent $67 50; Larkin St.. near Broadway;'
3 flats of '■ and 6 rooms and bath each; lot
24x100; large mortgage can remain; must be
sold.
$$500— Rent $72; Mason St., near Clay; 3-story
house, 10 rooms and bath: also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
$6500— Rent $65; facing the Park Panhandle;
2 handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; large lot. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., Real Estate. 667 Mar-
ket st.
$."O.OCO— Grand corner, 90x137 feet; within
block of Santa Fe (new depot).
$175,000— Grand investment: within block of
Baldwin; rents $1000 monthly.
$40,000— investment; .near Powell St.;
rents $400 monthly; lot 60 feet front.
$140,000- Market st.; rented for $600; (never
offered before). /
. $25,000— 45x275 feet; block from ferry; two
frontages.
$160.01.0— 260x56 feet, with fair improvements:
one-half block from Chronicle; leased at $SUOO
per annum.
$15,000— O'Farrell St., near Orpheum; frame
Improvements.
$S*ooo— Corner store and • 2 flats (new) : rents
$60.
$42,600— Grand Investment; (corner); business
property; •:\77 feet; renting about $300 '• j
JSOOO— Pacific .-.■..■.; comfortable; 10 rooms;
north si.i. near Gough; lot 30-foot front.
$3000—12 rooms; Sacramento St., vicinity
Powell; big bargain; rents $00.
$2000— Two splendid flats near High School. '
$3000— Store and 3 flats; few blocks from J
Palace; rents $40. !
£2800— Two brand-new flats; renting $30; 1726
Bryant st., near Sixteenth; half cash.
$1700— Two choice flats near Buena Vista
Park; rents $20.
SllCO — small flats near Taylor st.
(cheap).
Insurance rates cut 25 to 60 per cent.
Money loaned at 6 per cent and up.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— f 300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy Installments. .;.>■„■<
$125— Bargains! Level lots In Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly. |
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to $700— Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300 — Lots near Misslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth aye., near H St.;
open Sundays.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM. "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
SELECT your own lot and we will buy It for
you. build to suit you and sell on easy terms;
10 to 20 per cent cash, balance rental pay-
ments. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
CASH snap — Three stores with living rooms;
on Mission st. : lot 64 ft. front; price $5500;
cash, $3500; balance can remain. ROBINSON,
22 Vi Geary St., room 27.
$2200 A NEW 5-room and bath cottage; with i
all the latest improvements; lot 25x125; $400 I
cash, balance $25 monthly; Twentieth St..
bet Castro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
$205— 25x100: Nebraska St., bet. Nineteenth '
and Twentieth; $30 cash, balance is per
month.
2 LOTS on Twenty-second St.. near York; 25x
100 each; $2850. PHILBRICK. 809 Shotwell st.
TWO flats, Twenty-first st., bet. Folsom and ■
Harrison; lot 25x100: also adjoining lot 25x
100; all for $5600. PHILBRICK, 809 Shotwell.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nor. 12S and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
IF you have lots that you wish to "sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery St.
$500— 75x100: HOUSE, 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
ma. C. C FISHER, 624 Market st.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 na. cottages;
'a block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or 118 A 11th.
COUNTRY iti * ■ ESTATE.
FOR Lovely home, 16 miles from Oak-
land, of 14 acres; 6 In orchard; 2 In vineyard;
good well and windmill: house of 6 rooms and
bath and other outbuildings; very cheap at
$2800. Address MRS. M E. DALY, Walnut ;
Creek, Contra Costa County.
FARM for sale— acres good valley land: 13
acres timber and pasture; good buildings;
spring water at house; 4 miles south of St.
Helena, IV; miles west of Rutherford; will
sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK. St, Helena P. O.
WANTED For cash; ranches from 2 to 1000
acres. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CASH, about 12800, will pay for house and lot.
6or 7 rooms. W., box 267, Call office.
FRUIT, grain and .'lock farms.
W. D, HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
$." TO $30 an acre; list free; crops pure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, fop $1 per year.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To buy or rent, a few acres of land,
with or without Improvements, suitable for
chicken ranch; must .be chean; no agents.
Address OKi BARTH, Lane Hospital, S. F.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25. j
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tel Black 811.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st. j
MONEY to lean— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat- |
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger,3l2 Examiner big. |
I'UOI'OSAiS.
PROPOSALS
For Hospital and Almshouse.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1599.
In accordance with resolution No. 2630
! (Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
I ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
I ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors, on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
May S, 1599, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for fur-
nishing subsistence to the patients and
employes in and supplies for the City and
County Hospital and Almshouse fcom
! July 1, IK)9, to June 30, 1900, the estimated
i yearly amounts being as follows:
lEstimat'dj Denom.
Articles Required. | Quantity |
I Per.
CLASS 1.
BEEF YEARLY.
Beef — Fresh, first
quality American
steer, in not less
than one-half car-
casses, consisting
of fore and hind
quarters, to be de-
livered in such
quantities and at
such times for the
Hospital and Alms-
hOuse as required
three days in each
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 lbs 310,000 lbs Per lb
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
Mutton— Fresh, first
quality wether, in
not less than
whole carcasses, to
be delivered in such
quantities and at
such times for the
Hospital and Aims-
house as required
three days in each
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 lbs 1112.500 lbs Per lb
CLASS 3.
FISH, YEARLY.
Fish— Fresh, cleaned
and scaled, best In
market, and in such
varieties as may be
ordered. Sain. on,
Sea Bass, Herring
or Smelt in season! 48,100 lbs Pertb
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil— lso degrees
test 2,040 ga1s Per gal
CLASS 5.
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Flour— Wheat, Cali-
fornia, Best Roller'42o,ooo lbs PerlOOtbs
CLASS 6.
COFFEE, YEARLY.
Coffee — Guatemala
fresh roasted, first
quality IS ,OOO lbs Per lb
CLASS 7.
VEGETABLES.
YEARLY.
i Beets— Best in mar-
ket 2,5001bs PerlOOlbs
Beans— Small white,
No. 1, first quality. 7,250 lbs 'Per 100 lbs
Cabbage — Best In
market 18,000 lbs PerlOOlbs
Carrots — Best in
market 6,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
i Onions — Red or
White, Dry, Best
in market 8,000 lbs jPer 100 lbs
' Potatoes — Burbank,
I Salinas or Oregon,
! best in market '369,000 lbs PerlOOlbs
Turnips — Best In
market ' 6,000 lbs PerlOOtbs
CLASS 5.
I CORN MEAL. ETC.
YEARLY.
I Corn Meal — Yellow
or White. fresh
ground, new, best mmMuk% . _ _
In market 22.000 tbs Pertb
Oat Meal — Fresh
ground, best in
market 25.000 lbs !Per lb
i Cracked Wheat — I
Best in market 28,000 tbs (Pertb
Hominy — Best mi
market I 500 lbs 'Per tb
CLASS 9.
TEA, SUGAR AND
SYRUP.
YEARLY.
Sugar— Extra C 33.600 lbs Per lb
Sugar — Granulated.!
Best White I 32.500 tbs Per lb
Sugar — Powdered,!
Bffit White 325 lbs Pertb
Syrup— Golden Cali-
fornia Refinery 1,000 gals Per gal
Tea — Japan. Dia-
mond (L) or equal-
ly as good 8,500 lbs Per lb
("LASS 10.
PROVISIONS.
YEARLY.
Bacon— Best Califor-
nia Cured Sides 2,700 tbs Per lb
Butter — Fresh, first
quality. California.. 11,700 lbs Per lb
Cheese— First qual-[
ity. California ' 1,100 lbs Pertb
h— Whole, Best
California. In bales! 6,500 lbs 'Per lb
Eggs— Fresh Califor- 1
nia (candled) I 16,300 doz !Per doz
Ham— First quality, l
Best California, Su-
gar Cured 4,200 tbs Pertb
Lard— Fresh Califor-I
nia 3,000 tbs Per tb
Mackerel — Eastern,
No. 1, best, in kits 82 kitsiPer kit
CLASS 11.
GROCERIES.
YEARLY.
Cornstarch — Kings-
ford or Duryeas,
best quality | 975 lbs Per lb
Currants— Zante. first!
quality J 450 lbs Per lb
Fruits — Dried. Cali-
fornia, quartered
Apples and sun-
dried Peaches 600 tbs Per lb
Fruit— Table. Assort-I
ed.ln 2V2 tb cans — | IS c's Per case
Jelly— Currant, best)-
in' market (10 dozen
1 lb tins) 14 doz !Per doz
Macaroni— No. 2 700 lbs Pertb
Mustard — Whole or
ground, first qual-|
Ity fresh Califor-!
nfa 230 tbs Per tb
Pearl Barley— No. 2.. 600 tbs 'Per tb
Peas— Split 1.400 lbs : Per tb
Pepper — First qual-
ity. black, ground.. 850 tbs 'Per lb
Pickles — California,
Assorted No. 2 40galsjPer gal
Pie Fruits— Assorted,
best in market (2!
dozen 2 tb tins in|
each case) 1 30 c's Per case
Raisins— First qual-
ity, layers 300 lbs Pertb
Rice— No. 2 China,
new mixed... 6,000 lbs PerlOOtbs
B go Best in mar- j
ket 500 tbs Per tb
Salt— Table. Califor- |
nia, iim quality — 15.500 tbs I'cr 100 lbs
Salt— Rock, first qual-
ity 9,000 lbs (Per 100 lbs
Sal Soda— California! 17,500 tbs Per lb
Soap — LaundryJ
Brown, first qual-|
ity family 7,200 lbs Pertb
Star eh — Wheat.
Laun dry Lump.!
Kingsford or Dur-
yeas, best In mar-
ket 1,050 tbs Pertb
Tapioca— Pearl, best
in market..- 550 lbs Pertb
Tobacco— Black Navy 5,500 tbs Per lb
Tomatoes — Canned 1
best in market (21
dozen 2 tb tins in
each case) 65 c's Per case
Vermicelli — White.
• No. 2.......... 300 tbs Perth
Vinegar — 30 degrees
Strength SOOgals Per gal
Yeast Powder— Tro-
phy, Del Montr
Raising, Pi o ncer,
Golden Gate or
Crown (5 tb tins;,
as may be desig-
nated 10 doz Per dor
CLASS 12.
COAL.
YEARLY.
Coal — Well ington
(Dunsmulr).' well
screened, free from
slack and shale, per
ton of 2240 tbs—
For Hospital (625
tons)—
For Almshouse (900
tons) 1.525 tons Per ton
i
Samples of groceries above enumerated
may be seen by intending bidders at the
office of the Mayor, City Hall.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate sepa-
rately for each article enumerated, as per
denomination, of the kind and quality as i
shown by samples, with the distinct* un-
derstanding that the lowest bid for each
article required for each class will be
accepted, and that in every instance no
bid except from a merchant who is a
regular dealer in the articles enumerated
will be received; also that the Beef and
Mutton mupt be delivered at the institu-
tion named by the party or parties to 1
whom the contract may be awarded, at j
PROPOSALS— Continued. j
such time and in such quantities as re- '
quired; that the Coal for the Hospital is
to be delivered at that institution, and
that for the Almshouse to be taken from
the coal yard of the successful bidder, or
from the wharf, in such quantities as
may be ordered from time to time; also, *
that the other supplies must be delivered j
at the place of business of the party to
Whom the respective contracts may be
awarded, upon requisitions (indorsed by ;
the Chairman of the Hospital Committee)
of the Superintendent Physician of the
City and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the Almshouse, at such
times and in such quantities as may be j
required, from July 1. 1g99, to June 30,
1800, in more or less quantities than
designated on the schedule, without extra
charge from the price bid. The term
more or less not being limited to the
amount designated, but is for such
amount as may be required during the
year. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express stipulation that the Superin-
tendent Physician of the City and County j
Hospital and the Superintendent of tne
Almshouse, by and with -the consent of
the Committee on Hospital shall have the j
power to purchase any or all of the sun- 1
plies required at the market rates, if not
furnished of the kind and quality as ■
shown by samples, at the expense of the !
party to whom any contract may be ■
awarded to furnish the same, if upon |
the requisition of the officers named the ;
party fails to furnish the quantity or I
quality of the supplies designated, which, 1
under contract, ne may be required to j
furnish. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express understanding and agree-
ment that under no consideration will
the Board recognize or allow any assign-
ment of any contract or allow the sup-
plies included in any contract to be fur-
nished from any other person than the
person to whom the contract is awarded,
either under an assignment or other in- j
strument, unless the consent of the
Board is first obtained through a Resolu-
tion duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting ana
agreeing to the same. The quality of the
articles called for, where not designated,
to be of the best quality, and all supplies
furnished for the Hospital and Aims-
house respectively, to be subject to the
approval of the Superintendent Physician
of the City and County Hospital, and the
Superintendent of the Almshouse, whose
decision shall be final and conclusive as
to the reception or rejection of any and
all of the supplies offered. The Beef and
Mutton furnished the Hospital and Aims-
house to be weighed at the time of de-
livery at those institutions; and all other
supplies furnished to be inspected and
weighed at such times and places as may
be designated by said Committee on Hos-
pital. The party taking a contract will
be required to give a bond in a sum not
to exceed five thousand ($5000) dollars,
with two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said committee, for its faithful per-
formance. Proposals to be indorsed
"Supplies in Class 1, Class 2," etc., as
the ca.se may be, for public institutions.
The party to whom the contract is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE.
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SU-
I'KKVISORS. All food supplies shall be
submitted for inspection by the person,
firm or corporation so furnishing the
same at one of the oublic food stations
established by the Board of Health of
this city next to the municipal institution
to be furnished with *uch food supplies,
and the character and quantity and the
quality of such food supplies shall be
then and there first 'nspected, and said
board shall make report of such inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Supervis-
ors.
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may r>e awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of such contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising tliis notice in three
dally newspapers, and each successful bid-
der to also pay the cost of the publication
in the official newspaper of the Resolution j
awarding him his contract. Each class j
awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
portion of the entire cost, and each arti-
cle awarded, where there are more than
one in any class, to be charged with its
pro rata of the amount as designated for
each class.
In order to preserve miformity and to
facilitate the award *he Board has re-
solved to receive no bid unless made upon
blank forms prepared y the committee,
and a certified check on some bank in the
City and County of San Francisco in the
sum of five hundred issOo) dollars, in fa-
vor of and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board, must be deposited by the bid-
der with his bid, conditioned if the pro-
posal is accepted and the contract award-
ed; and if the bidder shall fail or neglect
to pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
Said into the City and County Treasury
y said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for IS9S.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and i
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899. j
In accordance with Resolution No. 2626
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis- '
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year 1898,
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent j
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly
distributed on a business day, at least
once in each week, for three successive
weeks, in a pamphlet form as a supple-
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, published in the city and
county of San Francisco, in the
English language, and said supple-
ment must be sent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every 1
number of the paper issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mail or otherwise.
The first issued to be so distributed on or
before the first day of June. 1899, and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and in all
respects conform to the provisions of the
Political Code and to be done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed*
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax i
Collector's office not less than one thou- I
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any \
demand on the Treasury therefor will 1
be approved. Within one week after the
first publication of said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written I
uuon with Ink, to be satisfactory to said i
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth- j
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered i
to the Tax Collector's office within two j
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the cxc-
CUtion of the said contract of witnessing
the same and giving instructions relative
thereto either personally or through his
chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
All proofs must be read and submitted l -
for correction as follows: •
First— Proofs must be t-irst read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted i:i slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and 1
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or hi 3 !
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or \
alterations are made by said Tax Collec- I
tor or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor-
rected revise must be presented to and
approved by him prior to the form being 1
struck oft, and as the work progresses
when a form is struck off a copy of the !
same to be filed with said Tax Collector, i
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro- i
vlded and the bill presented to be veri- i
fled by the affidavit of. a proper and re- i
soonslble person acceptable to the Com- I
mtttee on Printing and Salaries of the i
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and distributing the Delinquent
Tax Lisa for the year 1898, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
in strict conformity to and with these
specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in United States gold
coin when satisfactory evidence Is rur-
nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the said contract has !
been fully and faithfully executed and ac- i
complished in conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum af not less than ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars, and with as
many sureties as the Committee on Print-
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super-
visors may elect to require for the faith- ■
ful execution of said contract must be
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
understanding that the Supplemental De-
PROPOSALS— Continued.
liriquent Tax List, if pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
that the price to be paid for each assess-
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent
Tax List shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices,
remarks and explanatory matter will be
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter in said list. Said
extra matter and pro rata to be com-
puted by an expert to De appointed by the
said Committee on Printing and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
; linquent Tax List must rubstantially con-
form to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each • proposal for printing, publishing
and distributing such list must state:
First— name of the daily, newspaper
published In said City and County ■ in
which It is proposed to so publish such
list.
■ Second — The price to be charged for !
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or poll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three dally newspapers, and to also '
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for the faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For Burial of Indigent Dead.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE I
Board or Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1599.
In accordance with Resolution No. 262S
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Super-
visors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re- '
ceived in open session of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
May 8, .1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
the interment of such of the indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the
charge of the City and County of San
Francisco, including the City and County
Smallpox Hospital, for the term of one i
year, beginning July 1, 1599, and ending
June 30, 1900, in such cemetery or ceme-
teries in San Mateo County wherein
burials may be allowed.
NOTICE.— coffins to be made of
three-quarter-inch surface redwood clear
lumber, to be lined with muslin and pil-
lowed inside, and to be shellacked and
varnished outside, and the tops to be
fastened down with not less than six
screws. In all cases where persons have
died from smallpox or other contagious
diseases the coffin shall be lined with No.
10 zinc instead of with muslin, and her-
metically sealed, and all coffins used
must be subject to the inspection and ap-
proval of the officer In charge of the in-
stitution from which the body of the
decedent is to be burled, and must in all
cases be taken to such institution for the
purpose of having the deceased placed
therein.
No bid will be considered from any par-
ty who has not been engaged in the un-
dertaking business in this City and Coun-
ty and conducted said business in a rep-
utable manner for a period of at least six
months immediately preceding the date
hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth
of at least six feet.
No body to be removed from the insti-
tution where it lies awaiting burial with-
in a period of twenty-four hours after
death, except by express order of the
Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution.
The contractor will be required in all
cases on the death of the indigent person
from infectious disease to inter the- body
of said decedent within such time as may
be designated by notice from the Superin-
tendent or officer in charge of the institu-
tion where the death may have occurred,
and in all other cases within thirty-six
hours after notification by the proper of-
ficer.
The contractor will further be required
to convey the bodies of decedents com-
; mitted to his charge for interment direct
I from the Institution from which he re-
I ceives the same to the cemetery, and then
! and there bury the same. And will not
be permitted upon any consideration to
convey such bodies to any intermediate
I resting-place, or to keep the same in his
; custody for a longer period than that re-
quired for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent ap-
ply at «the institution where such deced-
ent may be lying awaiting burial, for per-
mission to bury the same, and prove to
the Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution that their purpose is to
provide a decent burial, and that they
have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dissec-
tion, then an<i. in that case the body of
said deceased shall be delivered to said
friends, who shall take charge thereof
and make the necessary arrangements for
the funeral with any undertaker they
may think fit; but in such event the con-
tractor aforesaid shall have no claim
against the city for the burial of said de-
cedent.
The party to whom the contract may
be awarded shall be required, in all cases,
to procure from the Superintendent of the
cemetery wherein the burials have been
made a certificate of the proper burial of
each person under the provisions of his
contract and of these specifications; and
such certificate must, In all cases, be at-
tached to the demand of said contractor
when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the
names of the decedents and the institu-
tions from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the
above conditions, the contract shall be
terminated by said City and County.
The party to whom this contract Is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice :
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing, him the contract.
All interments of indigent persons the
expenses of which must be borne by the
City and County (other than those from
any of the public Institutions) must be
authorized by the Health Officer issuing
a permit therefor, and all bills for such
interments to be approved by the Health
Officer prior to being presented to this
Board. All demands for the burial of in-
digent persons from any of the public in-
stitutions to be approved by the Superin-
tendent of the institution at which the
death occurs, prior to being presented to
this Board.
Bidders will estimate and state a speci-
fic amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and
to facilitate the award, the Board has
resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank. forms prepared by the com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco for the sum of five hundred ($500)
dollars, in favor of and made payable to
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
hid, conditioned that if the proposal is
accepted and the contract awarded, and
if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the con-
tract and give a bond of five thousand
($5000) dollars, required within six days af.
ter the award is made, then, and in that
case, the said sum shall be collected and
paid Into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public pood so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
U. S. ENGINEER office, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., April 27. 1899— Sealed pro-
posals for dredging in Humboldt Bay, Cal.,
will be received here until 12 o'clock, noon.
May 29. 1*99. Information furnished on appli-
cation. W. H. HEUER, Major Engineers.
HORSES.
STYLISH standard bred dark bay pacing mare;
price $250; also standard bred blood bay trot-
ting mare, $160: both sound, young (under 5)
and extra speedy. Can be seen at 347 Fre-
mont fit. ; pedigree and trial given. ■
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st. auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN 4 DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, 1732 Market St.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hand-made buggy for sale cheap. 814 I
Mission st.
3-BEATEI") carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130^2 Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons. ' carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1£ pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. (
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law- a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 921
Market; consultation freqi no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market st. '-x_
MARBIAGE "LICENSES. "
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Mathlas Rick and Margaret Nicklaus 30-21
Howard F. Brewer and Mattie King 21-20
Charles F. McDevltt and Nellie 5can10n.... 24-23
Frederick Hammers and Nora O'Grady.... 24-24
M. J. McMenomy and Esther L. Meagher..
Henry Schath and Minnie Huck 40-26
G. J. Schweitzer and Emma M. Winter.... 36-21
Luc-lan Spubel and Bertha M. Rlsch 34-22
BMBS-lABBIiSES-DEim
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. '
BORN.
DUFFY— In this city, April 26, 1899, to the
wife of James Duffy, a son.
SMITH— In this city, April 19. 1599, to the
wife of R. H. Smith, a daughter.
YEIDE— In this city, April 25, 1899, to the wife
of Konrad Yelde, a »on.
MARRIED.
SEENSON— In Oakland. Cal.. April
IT. 1899. by the Rev. Alfred Bayley. Philip H.
Blake Jr. and Matilda A. Seenson. both of
Fruitvale, Cal. , .; .
SYMON— SWITZER— In this city. April 20. 1899.
at the Olivet Presbyterian Church, by the
Rev. E. G. Mathena, D I).. Samuel Collins
Symon and Gussle Soahie Switzer, both of
San Francisco.
TIEMANN— VON HALLEN— In this city, April
25, 1899. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Her-
mann F. Tiemann and Annie yon Hallen. both
of San Francisco.
~ ~~ DIED.
Adams. Rhoda Moudry. Mary
Allen, Jessie Mullen, Harry T.
Delany, Thomas Muller, Henry
De Luynes, Margaret Murrie. Lorentz
Firey. William J. Ny, Emelle
Fisher, Mary E. V, Quayle, Thomas
Gregory, Samuel O. Reardon, James F.
Guinasso. Frederick Romani, Annie
Holliet. William H. Swanson, Charles
Johnson, Margaret Warner, John
McLeod, Annie Watsen, William R.
Marchant, George W. Windish, Francis
ADAMS— In Alameda. April 26, 1899 Rhoda
Adams, grandmother of J. V. and C. R.
Campbell. Mrs. Mary Williams, Mrs. Rhqjla
Slaughter and Mrs. Eliza Pay, a native of
. Richmond, Va.. aged 95 years.
ALLEN— In Paris. France, April 25, 1599, Jessie
Allen, sister of Frank H. Allen of San Fran-
cisco.
DELANY — A solemn requiem high mass
• (month's mind) will be celebrated for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Thomas Delany at
St. Dominic's Church, corner of Bush and
Hteiner streets, to-morrow (Friday), com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully Invited to attend.
DE LUYNES— her residence, 1021 Regent
street, Alameda, April 28, 1899, Margaret Sara
de Luynes, mother of Mrs.- Charles Dennison.
Allen. Mrs. Albert Tunstall Spotts, Imogene
de Luynes and Arthur Miller Johnstone of
Hawaii, aged 70 years 5 months and 21 days.
Interment private.
FIREY— this city. April 26, 1899, William
J.. beloved and only son of Margaret and the
late William Firey, and brother of Mrs.
George M. Ryerson and Essie Firey. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years and 10
months.
FISHER— In this city, April 25, 1599. Mary
Ellen V. Fisher, a native of Kentucky, aged
70 years.
."Fri'-nds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
funeral car.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Circle
No 3 are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our late sister, Mary Ellen V. Fisher, at
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company's par-
lors, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
this day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock.
MARCIE L. WENK, President.
LAURA I. OBLINGER, Secretary.
GREGORY— In this city, April 26, 1599, Samuel
Oscar, beloved husband of Eleanor M.
Gregory, and father of Charles E. Gregory, a
native of La Porte, Ind., aged 56 years.
GUINASSO— In this city, April 25. 1899. Fred-
erick L., dearly beloved husband of Aurelia
Guinasso, son of Mr. F. T. and the late Mrs.
Mary Guinasso, and brother of D. J. Guin-
asso, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years and 9 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
Saturday, April 29, 1899, at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence, S2l Union street, thence to
Sts Peter and Paul's Italian Church, corner
Dupont and Filbert streets, where a solemn
requiem .high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOLLIET— In Sonoma, April 24, 1899. William
H.. beloved son of William and Adele Holliet,
and brother of Louis and Clara Holliet, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 8
months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 45H Ritch street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock, train
from Third and Townsend streets.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 26, 1899, Mar-
garet Johnson, a native of California, aged
45 years.
McLEOD— In this city, April 25, 1899. Annie,
beloved wife of William McLeod, and mother
of William J. McLeod, Mrs. A. Hatton and
Mrs. Lizzie Lewis, a native of County Cavan.
Ireland, aged 60 years.
MARCHANT —In this city, April 26, 1899,
George Warren Marchant, beloved son of
• George and Annie Marchant, and brother of
Samuel and Percy Marchant, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and 6 days.
(C7"Friencls and acquaintances are respact-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. 248 Richland avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MoVdRY— In this city. April 26. 1899. Mary
Moudry, beloved mother of Mrs. K. Stle-
ments Mrs. B. Tostal and Mrs. J. Prosek. a
native of Bohemia, aged 86 years.
(C7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from her late residence.
819 York street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MULLEN— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
• late Harry T. Mullen at St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, to-morrow
(Friday), commencing at 8 o'clock.
MULLER— In Emeryville. Cal., April 26, 1899.
Henry dearly beloved husband of Margarethe
Muller, brother of Mrs. E. Kissllh, Mrs. R.
Meyer and Mrs. J. C. Mordhorst. and uncle
of Miss Minnie Goetjen and Letitia. Annie
and Albert Mordhorst, a native of Holssil,
Amt Lehe, Germany, aged 45 years 7 months
and 15 days.
MURRIE— In South Pan Francisco. April 25.
1899, Lorentz Murrie, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 7 months and 5 days.
Emelie, beloved wife of Magloire Ny, and
beloved mother of Antoine, Gabriel. Julie,
Paul and Charles Ny, Mrs. E. G. Vail and
Jules Ny, a native of France, aged 64 years
and 13 days. . . ~
Notice of funeral hereafter.
QUAYLE— In Stockton, April 19, 1899. Thomas
Quayle, a native of the Isle of Man, aged
55 years 8 months and 5 days.
REARDON— this city, April 25, 1899. James
F beloved son of Ellen Reardon, and
brother of P. H. and J. W. Reardon of San
Francisco and Mrs. B. Burke of Butte City,.
Mont., a native of Manchester, N. H., aged
35 years and 2 months.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 120 Haight street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
ROMANI— this city, April 25, 1899. Annie.
dearly beloved wife of Charles Romani.
mother of George Romani, daughter of Mrs.
A Riboli, and sister of Mrs. M. Tasovaz. a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 1
month.
(rJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2111 Mason street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SWANSON— In this city. April 25. 1899, Charles
Swanson, a native of Norway, aged 38 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvo'y & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WARNER— In this city. April 25. 1899, John,
beloved husband of Bessie Warner, and father
of Frank Warner and Mrs. James Kiernan.
a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
ET-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1- o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 625 Florida street, near Eighteenth.
■ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WATSEN— this city, April 25. 1899, William
R. Watsen, a native of London. England,
aged 68 years 2 months and 4 days. . ■ •
WIN' DISH— In the City and County Hospital.
April '26, 1899," Francis Windish, a native .of
Germany, aged 55 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAX.MESR*
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 10.
1112
CONSTERNATION
REIGNS ON THE
HARBOR FRONT
Many Employes to Be
Dismissed.
COMMISSIONERS ECONOMIZE
PURCHASING DEPARTMENT TO
BE ABOLISHED.
The Board Decides at a Secret Session
to Effect a Saving of Two
Thousand Dollars a
Month.
nsternation reigns in the army "f
w ater front emploj • tlon from
the extravagant, money-absorbing ad
ministration of Colnon has come and
to-day the ax of dismissal will fall
upon the necks of many of the favorites
who have drawn large salaries from the
State and have given nothing in re
turn. The Board of Harbor Commis
sioners m ■■: session yesterday
afternoon and after an earnest discus
sion, lasting for nearly three hours, de
termined upon sweeping changes in the
working force upon the water front.
The startling revelations of extrava
gant fraud mad.- public in the report
of the legislative committee led to a
ugh investigation and the Harbor
9 bell< ye that the admin- '
tion of affairs upon the water front
vftll in no way suffer if at least twenty
men are dismissed from the service and
a saving i ibout $:>"" a month.
At the sei ret sessi< n held yesterday
afteri!' .m Commissioners Kilburn, Har
ney and Herold were present. The j
le of different departments on the '
water front wen 1 failed before the
board and were closely questioned in
reference to the conduct of their separ
ate departments. After a thorough dis
cussion it was derided to abolish the i
purchasing department and the depart
ment of urgent repairs. The purchas
ing: department was the particular pet
Inon. Its cost of maintenance was
almost as great as the volume i
business. In other words the total of j
purchases was not much greater than
the salaries of the men who made the
purcht
Tin <rf this outrage was
called to the attention of the i.
lature at its last session by the ■
mittee of Investigation, but nothing was
ard of Harbor Commis
tnined upon reform
I to abolish the purchasing de
partment. Purchases will be made
hereafter through the heads of the
various departments and one of the
evil? of Colnon'a administration will
be removed.
The department of urgent repairs Is
also another expensive luxury to the !
State that will be eliminated. The |
duties of Its officers will be assigned i
where they rightly belong, to th
partment of the rhlef engineer. In this ' [
way the salaries of several expensive ,
officers will be saved and nothing will j
be lost in the effectiveness of water
front administration. The commission
ers have also decided to dismiss nearly
nil of the special police officers, who
are paid to do what the regular police
of the city are employed to perform.
Considerable money has been v
to the State in the employment of these
special officers and the evil will be
remedied. A few men whose services
are absolutely necessary will be re
tained.
In the general scheme of economy un
dertaken by the Harbor Commission
ers it was thought that some of the
collectors might be removed and that
their duties could be performed by
wharfingers. Investigation showed,
however, that the collectors are statu
tory officers and must be retained. It
has not yet been definitely determined,
however, what shall be done with the
working force of the belt railroad.
There is a belief that some of the men
employed on this road may be dis
missed without injury to the service,
and if this is the case the ax will be
wielded.
The position of superintendent of the
ferry depot will not be abolished, al
though the decision not to abolish it
was seriously considered. The Commis-
sioners will meet in secret session again
this morning at 10 o'clock to fix defi
nitely upon the men that are to be re
moved. If the plans of the board are
not changed the members will also
meet in public session at 2 o'clock to
announce the results of their unex
pected campaign of economy.
News of the secret session of the
board spread rapidly yesterday, and
the employes on the water front were
thrown into an uproar. It was known
that sweeping changes were to be
made, but few suspected that the re
form was to come so quickly. Official
and unofficial protest againßt the gross
extravagance of the Colnon administra
tion had been made, and it was known
that a reaction was inevitable.
Church Benefit Entertainment.
An entertainment in aid of the First
Fnitarian Church Sunday-school is to be
given in the church parlors, corner of
Geary and Franklin streets, next Tues
day night.
A Strong Man's Secret.
The "strongest man <>n earth says the secret
of hi« ■wonderful power Is perfect dictation.
Hoetetter's Stomach Bltt*rs makes digestion
easy, and cures all complaints arising from
weak stomach, such as indigestion, billous
nPi-K and all llv<r and kidney ailments. As a,
blood purifier and nerve tonic It is marvelous.
It is recommended by all physicians, and is
■old by every drujrK-lst in the country. Every
body nep'ls it at this time of the year.
Painless Dentistry.
/SjrrpTTTnr* SEE olik NEW
ISjm Flesh -Colored
fU\ Cannot be detected from
fl|j^ V lI "' natural teeth and gum,
IH^B XT thin and stronger than
- rubber.
Crowns. 83.50. Plates, .$."5. Filling. r.Oc.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson.
UNDER A SACRED
SABBATH LAMP
.Miss Clara .Hellman and Emanuel S.
teller Plight Their Troth.
STANDING in a bower of exquisite blossoms, under the gleaming rays
of a Sabbath lamp, Miss Clara Hellman and Emanuel S. Heller
plighted their troth last evening in the presence of a large company of
relatives and friends. The young bride is the daughter of I. \V. Hell
man, president of the Nevada Bank, and the happy groom the son
of the late Mosea Heller.
At the stroke of 6 o'clock the young couple took up their station before
the Rev. l>r. Voorsanger, who pronounced the solemn binding words.
The Dride was attended by her slater. Miss Florence Hellman, who of
ficiated as maid of honor, and Samuel Helier, brother of the groom, was
best man.
The bride wore an elegant gown of white Duehepse satin, covered com
pletely with an overdress of point and applique lace. The veil was fastened
to the coiffure with a wreath of orange blossoms and the bridal bouquet
was composed <>f white orchids and orange blossoms. Miss Florence Hellman
wore an exquisite gown of white silk mulle. embroidered with tiny pink
rosebuds. She carried a bouquet of American Beauties.
The decorations of the home were elaborate and artistic. In the draw
ing-room, where the ceremony was performed, yellow orchid-iris were ar
ranged in Empire style, and made a most effective decoration. In the sup
per-room white wistaria was used exclusively and pink hawthornes made
the halls beautiful.
Mr. and Mrs. Heller will leave to-day for a bridal trip, keeping their des
tination a profound secret. On their return they will make their home in
this city.
MILLS FEARS
THE HONOR IS
AN EMPTY ONE
Declines the Paris
Commission.
HANDS IT BACK TO GAGE
I
CONDITIONS AT THE EXPOSI
TION POOR FOR CALIFORNIA.
Then, Too, the Railroad Land Agent
Thinks That He Cannot Be
Spared at That Time From
the State.
A Bpecial to The Call last night from
L,os Angeles stated that Governor Gage
had received a dispatch from W. H. Mills
of this city declining the appointment as
one of the Commissioners to the Paris
Exposition and citing as the cause of his
declination that the Southern Pacific ob
jected to his" being- absent from the State
during: the term of the Exposition.
Mr. Mills, when seen at his residence
last night, confirmed the dispatch by say- ,
ing that he had wired Governor Gage at
Los Angeles declining tfie appointment,
and he further admitted that it was true
that the Southern Pacific objected to his
being absent for such a long period. This
he said was In part the cause of his de
clining the appointment, but he added ,
that there were other causes that had
Influenced him.
These, -Mr. Mills said, were the fact that
be did not think that California would
be permitted to make a creditable exhibit
at the exposition because of the fact that
the State would not be given sufficient ;
space. He said that he had been in com
munication with" one of the directors gen
eral of the exposition, and that he knew
this to be a fact. He stated that Cali
fornia's wine exhibit would have to' be
placed with the other American exhibit
of the same kind instead of being given a
place by Itself, as it deserves.
When asked what plan he favored Mr.
Mill* replied that he would advise turn- ;
ing the money back into the State treas- :
Dry.
These were th^ special reasons, he de- !
clared, that had caused him to refuse
Governor Gage's appointment.
Sarsfield's chronic ulcer salve is a stand
ard remedy for the cure of piles, -eczema,
salt rheum, ulcers, fever sores, diseases
of the rectum, etc. All druggists. •
Mercantile Trust Company.
The Mercantile Trust Company, which
was incorporated a few months ago, or
ganized yesterday afternoon with the
adoption of by-laws and the election of
th<- following officers: Frederick W.
Zelle, president; N. D. Rideout, vice pres
ident: John Dempster McKee. secretary
and cashier. The new concern will be
ready for business early in May. It is
temporarily quartered at 236 Bush street,
ground floor of the Mills building.
• ♦ «
Ladies' tailor-made Rllta, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Hoth?<-hll<l. 211 Butter, rooms 6-7.
Musicians' Club Banquet.
Th<» Musicians' Club gave its annual
"ladies' night" last evening at the Cali
fornia Hotel. A sumptuous banquet was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 27, 1899.
enjoyed by fifty invited guests^. Dr. H. J.
Stewart, president of the club, presided
at the feast. The other officers present
were H. 13. Pasmore, vice president; John
H. Pratt, secretary and treasurer; Mrs.
Robert Tahnie. W." A. Sabin, members of
the Council.
The honored guests were William Greer
Harrison and Horace U. Platt, who de
livered an address
The after dinner programme consisted
of the rendition of some of Verdi's late
musical compositions by the Madrigal
Club under the direction of H. J. Stew
art. Other numbers were: Violin holo,
Henry Holme?, and piano selection, Miss
Ernestine (loldmann.
NOTABLE IMPROVEMENT
IN RAILKOAD PROPERTY
President A. W. Foster Adds to His
Rolling Stock and Looks to Er.rly
Extensions in Mendocino
County.
The California and Northwestern
Railway Company, lessee of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad,
has once more come to the front as a
progressive and aggressive factor In
the upbuilding of the State. It is not
bo very long since this company
aroused general comment, nnt only
here, but in the East, by the establish
ment and maintenance of an extensive
fish hatchery for the stocking: of
along its line with the best
varieties of the finny tribe.
Ever since the conflicting interests of
the road were harmonized in the leas
ing of the property to the C. and N.
W. Company, Mr. Foster, the presi
dent, has devoted every energy toward
the accomplishment of his ultimate
purpose, namely, the extension of the
line into the redwoods of Mendocino
County, a section of the State but lit
tle known to the average Californian.
but immensely valuable in Its mineral,
agricultural and timber resources.
This extension will be a matter of
the near future. The company has re
cently purchased five elegant coaches,
adding to its passenger equipment,
which is already large and costly in
proportion to the mileage covered.
Three of these coaches are richly fin
ished in mahogany, with the latest
style of walk-over plush seats, and
with large curtained windows and
ladies' retiring rooms, the ceilings being
finished in birdseye maple. The other
two are a smoking car and a basreaere
and smoker combined, finished in quar
ter oak. These cars provide seating ac
commodations for three hundred and
twenty-five passengers.
The cars are mounted on latest
improved trucks, giving them an easy
motion, hardly perceptible at high
speed.
These additions to rolling stock and
contemplated extensions and improve
ments along the entire line are merely
the outgrowth of that broad publle
spiritedness which stamps Mr. Foster
as one of the leader? in the manage
ment of railway affairs on the coast. He
has seen fit to forego the opportunity
to pay out dividends and to apply the
earnings to the betterment of the prop
erties he controls, thus advancing the
popularity of his line and iding in the
development of the industries of the
northern section of the State.
False Pension Claims.
William Henry Simsons. Lorenzo D.
Wllpers and William Matthews, the latter
a negro, were arrested by the United
: States Marsha] yesterday on Federal iri
j dletments charging thorn with having
Hwern falsely to pension claims.
■ ♦ ■ .
H. Murphy. 630 Market street, lends money
| ou second mortgages and estates. •
DIRECTOR READ
WAS DEPOSED
BY THE BOARD
Loses Chairmanship
of Committees.
AS FORECAST IN THE CALL
DISMISSALS AND TRANSFERS OF
EMPLOYES.
Board of Education Acts Upon Im
portant Questions and Effects
a Number of Sweeping
Changes.
The members of the Board of Edu
cation, at their meeting last night, de
posed Director Edward L. Head from the
chairmanship of two important commit
tees, as forecast in The (.'all yesterday.
The committees were those of Supplies
and Evening Schools. The resolution by
which this action was taken read:
He it resolved and ordi red, that the Com
mittee on Supplies be composed of three
members, ami the following designated Di
rectors constitute said committee: J. J. Con
lon (chairman), 11. E. Gedge and W. A.
KeJTH..
lie it resolved and ordered, that the Com
mittee on Evening Schools be composed of
three members, and the following desig
nated Directors constitute said committee:
H. V. Brandensteln (chairman), H. E.
Gedge and <",. k : Armstrong.
Resolved, That the position of storekeeper
lie declared vai ant, and that A. F.
Bchlelcher be dismissed.
Resolved, That .1. N. Barcel be and he is
hereby elected storekeeper of the School
Department, vice A. F. Schleicher, dis
missed.
Resolved, That the foregoing resolution
lake effect Immediately.
Before the resolution was voted upon
Mr. Head said he had tried to do his duty
and cared nothing: for the position, con
sidering the work a lot of love's labor
lost. He complimented the storekeeper
v,T.o was displaced, and said he supposed
j the action was due to politics. He alone
j voted against the resolution.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Be It resolved and ordered, that L. A.
J nilan he elected assistant secretary of this
board, hi? duties to be prescribed by the Su
perintendent. That Miss Irene Muller, a
I special teacher of drawing in the Polytech
nic Hieh School, cease to be a teacher in
this Department her services being no
longer required in said school. That the
position now occupied by Mrs. M. I. Reeves
In the Polytechnic High School be abol-
Isho.l, and that Mrs. Reeves be placed upon
the unasslgned list. That A. L». Jordan be
and is hereby elected as teacher of science
in the Polytechnic High School. That Mies
A. P. BprafflM be and is hereby elected
VlO* principal of the 'Whittier Primary
School. That Miss A. K. Frontin be desig
nated as teacher in charts of the girls'
yard of the VVhlttier Primary School. That
Miss G. <J. Donovan be assigned as teacher
in the Horace Mann Evening School; to take
charge of the class .if Mrs*. Lange, now out
on leave. That Miss Mary G Allen be
placed on the unassorted list of High School
teachers at her request. That F. Rothgan
ger be assigned to the drawing classes In
the Lincoln Evening School, vice Thomas
W. Ransom, resigned. That W. R. Morgan
be assigned as teacher of mechanical draw-
Ing at the Lincoln Evening School, vice F.
Rothganper. That Miss K. A. Humph
reys, under the average date of May 1. 1897,
be elected a regular teacher in this De
partment. That the following assignment
of teachers made by the Superintendent be
confirmed: That Miss L. R. Hanlon be
assigned as teurher in the Redding School,
vice Hiss O'Brien, deceased; that Miss K.
A. Humphreys be* assigned to the Fremont
School, vice Miss L, R. Hanlon; that Miss
M. Irf-vingstone be continued as special
teacher of stenography only to the termina
tion of Miss B. Levinsstone'B leave of ab
sence. That the secretary of the Board of
Education be directed to advertise for pro
posals for text books on all subjects in
which the contracts for text books will ex
pire en or before July 31. 1899, and of litera
ture In the Eighth and Ninth grades.
L. A. Jordan resigned as head depart
ment teacher of science. Polytechnic High
i School. The resignation was accepted.
The salary demand of E. C. Kilpatrick
was audited, to be paid out of unexpended
balance of funds.
One-twentieth of one month's salary
was ordered deducted from the salaries
of teachers who were absent from their
classes during the recent Teachers' Insti
tute.
Resignations were received and accept
ed from Mrs. M. E. Caldwell and Tom M.
Ransom, teacher of the class in mechan
ical drawing at the Lincoln Evening
School.
Officials of California Girls' Training
Home asked for a donation of twenty-five
desks.
The following janitors were dismissed:
Mrs. Busted of James Lick School, re
placed by Mrs. Johanna Foley; 11. Mr-
Cabe, removed from Clement Grammar
School and replaced by J. Fitzpatrick.
The changes take effect May 1.
Leaves of absence were granted as fol
lows: Mrs. Lange. Horace Mann School;
Miss J. Frank. West End; S. A. White,
Spring Valley: Julia A. Kennedy, Le
Conte; E. R. Elder. Lincoln School.
Petition of Miss Mary J. Bragg asking
to be retired as a teacher In order that
she might avail of the provisions of the
teachers' annuity and retirement fund
was granted.
SAMOAN COMMISSION
SAILS ON THE BADGER
THE AUXILIARY CRUISER DE
PARTS FOR APIA.
Navy Department Orders Vessel Char
tered to Overtake Her With a
Message, but Later Re
scinds the Order.
The United States auxiliary cruiser
Badger sailed for Samoa yesterday with
the United States, British and German
Commissioners aboard. Eliot represents
Great Britain, Baron Speck yon Stern
berg represents Germany and Bartlett
Trlpp the United States.
The vessel got away at 10 a. m., and
she had scarcely passed out of sight when
a telegram was received from the Navy
Department at Washington directing
that a vessel be at once chartered and
put in readiness to overhaul the Badger
before she could depart from Honolulu,
and deliver a message. While* the local
officials were hurriedly making the
necessary arrangements for carrying out
the instructions a second telegram was
received countermanding the first.
No intimation was conveyed in either
of the telegrams as to the import of the
message that was to be delivered to the
Badger, although there was considerable
speculation concerning it.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISK T U
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it Is pure.
Dewey Day Free at Glen Park.
No admission will be charged at Glen
Park next Monday, when several thou
sand school children will drill under the
direction of Professor George Miehling
Every arrangement has been made for
the celebration of Dewey day, and large
crowds will spend the day In enjoyment
with the children. Games of all' sorts
have been prepared, and some excellent
exhibitions will be given.
On the Face of the Earth
There is not a finer cigar than the Flor de
Heyneman, made of pure Havana leaf,
the best obtainable. Try a Flor de Heyne
man cigar. 25 cent size or two for a quar
ter. All first-class stores sell them. If
your dealer does not carry them send us
three dollars for a box of twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Dellciosas. State
whether mild, medium or strong. If you
do not like them will refund your money.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street •
: Hales. I •: , -Hales. ■; I — —
this, madame, is a letter
■ 7 . . • ' 7 : ' ■' • \
J J.. A\ -^ and we won't introduce to you any
IIT fifl InTInlU goods not worth the honor of your
lip 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i I acquaintance; we can't afford to;
Hi 111 II UUUUIIUIIb just now is a time more than ever
when a merchant can make a name by offering novelties; he would be a fool at any time to urge poor
goods upon his customers; big as Hale's is, this store tries to hold every customer we have; we
generally do.
remember; if you ever buy any article here (even if it only costs five cents it's all the same) and
you're not satisfied, bring it back and get your money and our apology,
introducing introducing introducing
draperies: (sft'SJ?) new millinery: (iffii^^J Dewey day: tSSSJ?)
26 pairs tapestry everv-dav new C\ American muslin
portieres, 3 yards _^£3k£u (and we SL fl F- on sticks:
Bwws^ass: liplils /». /tO \ »H sixes: Hales
IHIiKI #y§E£a?2 N^i'^
MBmfaz <%;■■■?<£ Hs3? SinJS Wi^ N^B&
A|fP^Hl:i weave portieres, -zjt o f our bums to JS'Sf) No. 7, .8 inch,
>«ar m£i\* Vard^ '° ng by ri^V s.e how different <J 3X>*i l' doz 30c
W f^'fn 'r n ed S hr«wn f Hale's . hats are No. 8, 27 inch,
:.[:PL mm™ red brown, f'\- ,-^./ . / from styles dis- doz 60c
tfISS; r i r^ I n ce a t n h d e^ r °r 3 Z s st'e t ' Sfc*t Played by others; No. 9 , 36 inch, doz.. $1.20
per pair $2 just now we are a hurrah size, No. 10, 43 inches, per
i offering original hats, much reduced, doz $1.80
intrnrlnAmiv land about forty hats which have red, white and tlue 30-foot festoon-
inilOaUGlllg . just come from the ..hands of our ing for : .25c
nPW U/ach fahrir»C> (* iBla 3 \ milliners; "picture hats" one lady picture of the hero, Dewey, 22x28 10c
lion naoii muilUdi v center } customer called them yesterday. standard bunting flae; :
5000 yards new percale?, full 36 I v 6 ft. regulation U. S.; size $3.00
inches" wide, in medium and dark 7 ft. regulation U. S. size $3.75
colors (good material for seaside and I intrnHiirinrr Brt regulation U.S. size $4.25
vacation gowns), per yard 6e '>' uuu » m 5 10 ft. regulation U. S. size $6.25
ir^:foT^ s .SJ, ac w£t \ toilet preparations introducing
'^ssspssissss^ and perfumery; ( H*L « , • new collars a " d cuffs ! (St " m)
Turkish towels, 21x44 inches, extra A Rl , ch K ard f " ud " ut v s yo ™* ™™s 1™
heavy, unbleached, each .12*e -3«L celebrated N. Y. / -^» will find that in
satisfaction-giving, health-insuring «4m& perfumery: aj \ every bread-win-
towels • &Mr®ZS3b l oz . glass stop- V *\ ning calling some-
'<&l^z !»s pered bottles, 12 l'-^J) body leads and all
intrnrliininn- «[ ****&* different 0 d 0r s; the rest follow:
mtrOdUCing \-Z- Z including: /'■mA^X it's so in politics,
now hriioc' niltor u/oar« /"•«»!• *\ Kl^P Sweet Orchid / , M}\ NiTs religion, home,
new lames outer wear, u.r ; . i \i. Sappho Pink / V. r / V /busmess.andway
•■■-~"—-y. »fe^ 6 dozen covert j ?*sy- ' J^-^ d'Espagne I J \ ]\U in the antipodes
'£%■ < % c /^ . cloth separate I J jl'%>. " White. Heliotrope ' — ' ■) the savage fol-
50$ $*?% skirts, tailor s &M)^%f*Y Napoleon Violet F^ss^jH lows a leader: to
C-Ef* made, deep hems 53^ White Rose rItWPVm lead (or to get
and perfect fit- 1 Lily of the Valley White Lilac @lt™4 within reach of
SrapF^ja ting (the price is j Wood Violet Opoponax wiiftWlß leadership) is a
ißi^ii->-«4 apt to mislead ! Jockey Club Violet Orris f - predominating
jXJ£~, £-.>Gja you as to their I characteristic of
vM&Z&y worth) $* » tOilet and face pOWders: the entire human race: "Hales are
W^X 3. dozen white leaders": we put that in quotation
Sr\\ pique separate wood violet toilet powder 50c marks because others say so : just
5jJ 1> skirts,;- y tailor extreme violet toiiet powder 50c now we are reachi o y ut to pit a
made, deep hems Hud . n . u £ lne act P owder s £ e collar round your neck anJ cuffs on
and perfect fit- | orchid beauty cream $1 your ists of a quality such as you
ting, good Santa Cruz skirts..sl. 7s \ "quid rouge... 6UC never saw or wore before— at the
20 dozen fine percale waists, this cucumber cold cream 5Ue pr j , e . we are read to swear tQ
season's latest, good colorings, Der- co n , ci ; et< : "ncture bsnzone 75e tnl so we call these collars and
. -$•> feet fitting, all almond meal 25c cuffs The Affidavit Brand,"
#*•»■* 1 sizes (see illus- made of 2100 linen: in 18 different
C' 4^** tration) 50e I intrnriiininir styes: the finest made collar at
r^J^^ppf 48 black figured ' llill tJUUCIIIg anything near the price on the Ameri-
fZ^EZtb brilliantlne sepa- rihhnnQ' ( titU Z 1 can market: we wear them, and we
WJffl rate skirts, full ilDDQnbi Aeentor; surely ought to know:
X&K Vt'V width, well made 2ico yards all- collars each 10c
y^Js/ and perfect fitting silk Persian stripe cuffs- .• per pair 16?sc
vr<ur\ $2 $s?/fiM\- ■ fancy ribbons, 3% i-i.-j, ,«;„«.
JSK'I 10 dozen percale /'ff^T^te inches wide, will muOOUCing
J\ rate skirts, braid ••UUUIIdi V«ent* r ; be offered at the surely ought to know:
) width, well' made 2ico yards al> collars each 10c
and perfect fittine <&£& silk Persian stripe cu ff s per pair 16^ 3 c
$2 &/MS. fancy ribbons, 3^ ; n * mr | tiri ; nn .
10 dozen percale / / *V^3^ inches wide ' wi " ' n " O « UCin S
wrappers braid v\T j «^J JR be offered at the hnQIPrV (* i 8l e2 u**\
r**j\ and ruffli trim- cPyl &* B tempting price..... MUblßiy. V center, nght^
/footh mcd, deep full O^ )~<^Jn I 15e 210 dozen children's black cotton
/ ak\ flounce skirt, ■■pT?\—jfi / we bought these hose, of fine Maco cotton, narrow
I>L#TO tight fitting; waist, \^^&ZU^ ribbons for the ribbed, fast black and seamless,
M P {i^\\c^M\ lining form fit- -^L^/^^Tl one object of ere- spliced heels and toes, sizes sto 91.,..
Y<f/rflm\ : t\ V.xtjng, all sizes and £-r&&4M'\ ating a stir when 10c
\V '/'••'' '' riyall colorings with- Z^^ u'A \ ever we P laced 200 dozen ladies black cotton hose,
\J l°i<-' 1 '"'- yin reason (see il- n^S\>\ ' them on sale; see fast black, fine quality even at this
V - -*"' lustration): $1 them! price 10c
"the store that originates!"
' / 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market street.
PAID A VISIT TO THE
VICE-BREEDING DENS
POLICE COMMISSIONERS IN
SPECT NOTORIOUS JOINTS.
'. ~~
Warn the (Proprietors to Obey the
Law or Suffer the Consequences.
No Successor to Price.
The Police Commissioners met last
night, but for some reason did not ap
point a successor to Lieutenant Price,
who was disrated >a- short time ago. It
was confidently expected that a new lieu
tenant would be appointed, and as a re
sult a number of friends of the respective
candidates for the •position hovered about
the meeting room of the Commissioners,
anxiously awaiting the news of a selection
by the police board. They were disagree
ably surprised when told that the Com
missioners had decided not to make the
appointment until the next meeting
night. "' "I
Immediately ' after going into executive
session the Commissioners : discussed the
crusade aginst vice inaugurated by The
Call. The list of saloons and other places
where vice is prevalent was furnished the
Commissioners by Chief Lees. After con
siderable discussion it was decided to no
tify the proprietors of the Cafe Royal, the
Metropole, the Palace saloon, Conway's
"Our House" and the Midway Plaisance
that unless they obeyed the law they
would be refused a license in the future.
After the meeting the Commissioners, ac
companied by Lieutenant Nash, visited
the disreputable Joints along Market
street and saw for themselves the noto
rious violation of the law. They are de
termined to suppress the evil and have
notified Chief Lees to do. all In his power
to close up the dens.
■ » ■
Use only "The Olympia Music Box" on
Dewey day. Fine ones at Mauvais', 769
Market street. _ " . •
Put Out a Fire.
As Herman Goldman, an employe of I.
Goldman, was driving along Folsom
street, near Twelfth, yesterday afternoon
he noticed the window curtains in the
house at 1612 Folsom street ablaze. He
rushed up to the door and rang the bell
but getting no response he entered the
house and tore the blazing fabrics from
the window. By his prompt action a
serious fire was averted.
To Hold a Benefit Tea.
A benefit tea in aid of the Protestant
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home .will be held
next Friday afternoon and evening at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin.
2*2S California street. An interesting lit
erary and musical programme will be
given, after which the spacious ballroom
of the Sabin mansion will be thrown
open for dancing.
3-Day Specials!
Here you get exactly what you think
you get.' It is the very best the mar-
. kets of the world can ajive you.
COFFEE, I X L Blend, 1b........ 20c
Roasted or ground.
Regular price 30c.
TOMATO CATSUP, pt. bot 15c
Ideal brand— best and purest.
Regular price 20c.
0 X WHISKY, bot. 75e, 3 bots. $2 00
A thoroughly matured. Gallon $3.00
■ 9-year-old Bourbon whisky.
Regular price %l and $4.
PRUNES, French style, lb 5c
Good sized, • plump and
delicious.
Regular price 10c.
BROMANGELON, pkg 10c
Powdered fruit for
convenient use. Makes ~ ,
delicious jelly in a jiffy— kinds.
Regular price 12V4c
SWEET WINES, bot S 25c
Choice Native Wines, gallon..sl.oo
Port— Sherry— Angelica-
Muscatel — • ." ■ 
Hail •Orders Solicited. Send Posttl for Catalogue.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. - Telephone Weit 16».
CautiOfl — market is full of
imitations, represented to be the same as
f>a?/IMLFJH'<? Bronchial
SSStU Wn « Trcchom 9 ( Boston
; . The Genuine hag the : ~ ;
Fao-Slmtle // '/ /9 on every
. Signature of j/MuiQ /^W^t/ ****•
>ffiVDEWEY,STRONG&CO.^qS |
ii "PATENTSI .I
Xi^33U MARKET ST. Sf.^s^
W) LM OL bWE A. bJ
I [% oHAIi 1
& OHMISSONST-ABOYE^' Jr^
i^ CA^OrHITTLE-AT-A-TIME" &>
Eastman Kodak Co.'s Latest Proiucts.
No. 2 Folding Pocket Kodak—
PICTURE 3^x3%. PRICE #13.
No. 4 Panorama' Kodak—
PICTURE 3^xl2. PRICE $20.
And always a complete stock c.( cameras and
photo supplies. Well-known goods only.
- W~~ " . — r . • ■"•'- r
oPT,c.ANs7 HOI^tc,S lUS ;
- UHIIUIAN»..p HOTOC nlvr S[|EMTJF|C 
642 Market St. instruments
unatß CHO.tic.c BuiiOiNC
Weak Men and Women/
SHOULD LSE DAMIANA BITTERS. 11- ef
rreat Mexican remedy; gives health and
«tr»n«th to sexual organ*. Depot. Vis Uark«u
Weekly Call, $1 per Year.