VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 1315.
BLUEJACKETS AMBUSCADED
BY MATAAFA'S WARRIORS
Lieutenant Lansdale and Ensign Monaighan of the Philadelphia and Lieuten=
ant Freeman of the British Gunboat Tauraga Killed and Their Bodies
Decapitated by the Savages.
SPECIAL COPYRIGHTED CABLEGRAM TO THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., April 12.- On April I 800 of Mataafa's men ambuscaded 100 bluejackets near Apia.
The fighting was terrific, the American and British tars repeatedly beating back their assailants, who sought to
overwhelm them by force of numbers.
Lieutenant Lansdale and Ensign Monaghan of the United States cruiser Philadelphia and Lieutenant Freeman of
the British gunboat Tauraga were killed.
After the rebels had been driven off the bodies of these three officers were recovered. They had been decapitated
by the savage Samoan warriors.
Four marines were killed. Mataafa's loss was forty killed and a number wounded, these being carried off the
field by the rebels when they retired.
The bodies of Lansdale, Monaghan and Freeman, as well as those of the unfortunate marines, were buried with
military honors at Jlulinuu.
There is constant fighting with the natives around Apia, and the life of no European in the islands is safe.
Lieutenant Philip Van Home Lansdale was born in the District of Columbia February 15, 1858, and entered
the Naval Academy June 6, 1873, He graduated in June, 1878, and was promoted ensign in 1881, and after duty at
the Washington Navy=yard was ordered to the Philadelphia in June, 1890, and was made lieutenant, Junior grade,
in June, 1893. He was in charge of the caravels at the World's Fair in Chicago, and after receiving his full lieuten
ancy was a short time on the battle-ship Massachusetts, In June, 1896, he was ordered to the Philadelphia-
Ensign John R. Monaghan was appointed to the Naval Academy as a cadet from the State of Washington,
entering Annapolis on September 7, 1891. He graduated and was made an ensign in July, 1897, being assigned to the Philadelphia, to which
vessel he was attached up to the time of his death.
THE KAISER
IS TURNING
VERT UGLY
Germany Wants the Ameri
can Government to Dis
avow Kautz's Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, April IL— Lokal An
zeiger to-day prints an interview with
Dr. Raffel, in which he is quoted as
saying:
"The decision of Chief Justice
Chambers in favor of Malietoa Tanu
was partly due to the fact that
Mataafa is a Catholic, while Malietoa
is a proselyte of the English mission
aries. Mataafa at present is the only
King the Samoans will tolerate."
There has been a sudden veering of
views upon the part of both the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, Baron yon
Bulow, and the Emperor.
A Foreign Office official said to-night
to the correspondent of the Associated
Press, in energetic langauge, that Ger
many and Belgium would investigate
the commission's work, and insist
upon the American and British Gov
ernment unmistakably disavowing the
flagrant violations committed by Ad
miral Kautz and Captain Sturdee. In
the absence of a disavowal for Ger
many to join the commission would be
a mere farce. He added:
"When the commission starts it must
start on the status quo and not on a
status created by the illegal acts of
subordinates in Samoa."
More energetic is the official an
nouncement of the Hamburg Corre
spondenz, which declares that if Eng
land and America do not heed the dip
lomatic remonstrances made in Lon
don and Washington the remonstrances
will be fortified, adding: "Germany in
sists upon receiving full satisfaction
for the number of breaches committed
In Samoa."
The tone of the German press during
the last two days has been most bitter.
Inquiries made by the correspondent
of the Associated Press at the For
eign Office have elicited the statement
that nothing is known of the alleged
British annexation of the Tonga Isl
ands and It Is not believed such action
has been taken, as it is claimed it
would be a gross violation of the
Anglo-German agreement of 1886.
WASHINGTON GOVERNMENT
WILL SUSTAIN KAUTZ
WASHINGTON. April 11.— As it has
been strongly intimated in the Berlin
"•Continued on Third Para.
The San Francisco Call.
SAMOA TO
BE GUARDED
REAR ADMIRAL "KAUTZ, U. 5. N.
£ ♦_<§>_+_4 > -+-<s- .>-s>--•-s> -»-<B> ■*•»-♦ ♦.♦ *>♦*»*» -+-&-+-<B> » ♦ ■»♦♦•» -*>-& -+-<&-*■ {
NEW YORK, April 11. — A Washington special to the Herald says:
Though the three powers signatory to the Berlin treaty have prac
tically agreed upon the instructions under which the Samoan
Commission will act, the administration will maintain a strong
American force at Apia.
The collier Brutus is going to Apia, where she will remain until
the collier Scindia arrives, when, if the situation permits, she will pro
ceed to Guam. The collier Abarenda will soon start for Pago Pago, where
she will take station as a guardship pending the construction of a coaling
station at that point. These colliers have fairly large crews and several
rapid-firing guns, and will be useful in case of another scrimmage with
the natives.
_t is expected the Samoan Commission will leave for Apia on the
steamer sailing from San Francisco on April 19. Mr. Tripp is now on his
way to Washington and Freiherr yon Steinberg and Mr. Elliott, the
German and British Commissioners, are in Washington. To reach San
Francisco in time, it will be necessary for the commission to leave this
city by 'Friday.
During the three or four months of the stay of the commission in
Apia, it will attend to the government of the islands, superseding Ma
lietoa, Tanu, the Municipal Council, the Consuls and the Chief Justice,
and their retention in office will be determined by; the report of the
commission.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
THE POPE'S
HEALTH IS
RESTORED
Makes a Speech to the Car-
dinals Assembled to
ROME, April IL— Pope to-day re
ceived the members of the Sacred Col
lege, who congratulated the Pontiff on
his restoration to health.
In his address to the Cardinals the
Pope, after expressing great gratitude
to the Deity for his restoration to health
and his thankfulness for the proofs of
affection from all parts of the world,
warmly eulogized the Czar's initiative
in calling the peace - conference and
hoped that it would lead to the settle
ment of all disputes between all na
tions by moral and peaceful means.
The Pontiff also dwelt at length upon
the church's mission of pacification,
"not only in the domain of conscience,
but in the public and social representa
tive here, a mission which the church
fulfills in proportion with the freedom
left to her action."
Continuing, the Pope said: "Every
time the church has intervened directly
in the serious affairs of the world it has
assured public welfare, and the Popes
have often stopped oppression and se
cured truces and peace treaties. Civil
ization-would have perished without
papal authority to vindicate the su
premacy of right over might. Oppres
sion may sometimes embarrass and
curtail the powers of religion, but amid
all vicissitudes the church pursues its
beneficent mission, which will embrace
heaven and earth. Pure humanitarian
ism could not insure lasting prosperity.
An attempt Is even now perceptible to
withdraw civilization from the influence
of Christianity."
The Pope concluded with bestowing |
his benediction upon those present in a j
firm, strong voice. Besides the Cardi
nals a number of Bishops and other j
dignitaries of the church were present. |
The health of the Pontiff was appar
ently excellent.
MOORE IN FEMALE GARB.
Latest Report Concerning the TJbi-
- MARYSVILLE. April 11.— The report
was received to-day that Murderer Moore,
who Is wanted at Nevada City for the
killing of Officer Kilroy, passed through
Browns Valley, a mining camp twelve
miles distant, at. an early hour this morn
ing, attired in ; female garb. . The officers
give the. story li^e credence. ' ;. :
Roumania's Cabinet Crisis.
BUCHAREST, April 11.— Rouma
nian Cabinet has resigned.
Greet Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
quitous Outlaw.
FIRE MARS
VANDERBILT
HONEYMOON
Idle Hour, the Summer Home of the Van
derbilts. .
__ ** IEW YORK, April 11.— Idle Hour, the handsome country seat of ©
O In William K. Vanderbilt, near Oakdale, Long Island, in which Mr. X
" and Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. were spending their honeymoon, was 2
? burned to the ground early this morning. The young couple escaped and 6
are now at the Waldorf Astoria in this city. No lives were lost and all X
9 of the servants who were In the villa escaped uninjured. The house, ?
5 with practically all of the furniture, its paintings and bric-a-brac, was $
4- completely destroyed. Seven chimneys now mark the spot where it stood. +
0 The loss is estimated at from $250,000 to $300,000, part of which was coy- ©
4- ered by insurance. 4
-9 Young Mr. Vanderbilt and his bride said several times to-day that ©
X they believed the fire was of incendiary origin. The theory of Mr. Van-
5£ derbilt is that the premises were fired by burglars. A burglar alarm in 9
6 the house rang at midnight, three hours and forty-five minutes before, the Q
£ fire was discovered. A search of the premises was made and a window '+
9 in the apartment usually occupied by William K. Vanderbilt Sr. was 9
■ 6 found to be open. X
X To James N. Frazer, chief of the Islip Fire Department, Mr. Vander- i
£ bilt said at 6 o'clock this morning: "The night watchman and I chased a 9
4- man out of the cellar, and he must have started a fire in the kindling 4
-0 and then got out of the window." rt
5 Mrs. Vanderbilt told several friends she had seen a man hurriedly q
♦ leaving the premises a few moments before the fire was discovered. He "
P called to her that the house was on fire. She asked what house. _
? "The Vanderbilt 4 house," the man replied. Then he laughed and q
hastily walked away across the lawn. .f
O Detectives from a private agency are now endeavoring to' ascertain O
♦ the origin of the fire. The .theory hinted at by Mr. Vanderbilt is that the +
® burglar whose plans were blocked by the ringing of the burglar alarm ©
q returned to set the house on fire in order to wreak revenge. X
+ ; An expert who recently inspected the house says that the fire might ?
Q have" been caused by a defect in the heating apparatus. Every year the q
+ chimneys of the house have been burned out before Idle Hour was occu- +■
9 pied for the summer. This year the chimneys were not burned out in 6
X accordance with custom. __
$. ■ ■ $
■44HO+ 040 4- 0 4- Of ©♦©> ©fo4©4 O f©4©4©4o4 O 4* O +© 4- ©4 ©4©4©4_- ;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FIGHTING
AT MANILA IS
ONLY BEGUN
There Is an Urgent Need
for More Troops at
Once.
Special Dispatch to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, April 12.—.
General Lawton's expe
dition captured the vil
lages of Pagsajan and Lumban
yesterday. The American troops
met no resistance in the former
place and only slight opposition
in the latter. There was one cas-
ualty among the Americans and
several among the insurgents.
Fifty of the latter were captured.
The mouth of the river, com
manded by the guns at Lumban,
was effectually blocked against
the entrance of gunboats. Shells
from the Laguna de Bai drove
most of the insurgents in flight
up the mountain side, but a
small force remained in an old
church, offering resistance until
it was rushed by the troops.
Six launches and two cascoes
were captured in the river. The
river's mouth • will be dredged
and the obstructions removed.
Santa Cruz and Pagsajan are
now guarded by the men of the
Fourth Cavalry. A part of the
Fourteenth Infantry, with Gen
eral Lawton, is in Lumban.
More troops are
needed out here. The
I fighting has only Just
! begun.
& <_. —
FILIPINO "FRIENDS"
NOT TO BE TRUSTED
MANILA, April 11, 5:45 p. m.—
about midnight the rebels cut the tele
graph line at several places between
here and Malolos and signal fires were
lighted and rockets sent up all along2
NO WAR MEDAL
FOR ROOSEVELT
Considered to \-\a\ie but Done His
Duty in the El Caney
Charge.
NEW TORK, April 11— Washington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Theodore Roosevelt will not receive a medal of honor in rec
ognition of gallantry displayed by him in leading his regiment up San
Juan Hill. This is the decision of the board which has been considering
the cases of officers and men entitled to medals, brevets, certificates of
• merit and honorable mention for their conduct during the war with
Spain.
The board has decided Colonel Roosevelt, while behaving bravely,
only performed his duty in leading his men, as reward for which he re
ceived two brevets, and that he did not perform any action which
would entitle him to a medal of honor.
I was told to-day the board would recommend that less than twenty
five officers and men receive medals of honor. They performed acts of
gallantry not contemplated in their orders and which exposed them to
grave personal danger.
It is understood the board will submit its report within a few days
and will then be dissolved. A new board probably will soon be ap
pointed, consisting of Brigadier General Schwan and Major Carter, mem
bers of the present board, to report upon the cases of officers recom
mended for reward for gallantry displayed in. fighting against Filipino
insurgents.
the foothills to the right of the rail
road. Later the enemy attacked the
outposts of the Minnesota regiment be
tween Bigaa and Bocave, five miles
south of Malolos, killing two men and
wounding fourteen.
Simultaneously the outposts of the
Oregon regiment at Marilac, the next
station on the way to Manila, were at
tacked with the result that three Amer
icans were killed and two were wound
ed. The less of the enemy was ten men
killed and six wounded. The Ameri
cans also captured two prisoners.
Troops were concentrated along the
railroads as thickly as possible and the
rebels were driven back to the foothills.
The roadbed of the railroad was dam
aged, but it was repaired almost Im
mediately and traffic was soon resumed
through to Malolos.
It is supposed that many of the
rebels who attacked General Mac A
rthur's line of communication and who
were repulsed by the troops command
ed by General Wheaton were natives
who entered the region in the guise of
friendliness. They had seemingly se
creted arms in several places and fired
on the Americans from the bushes at
so close a range that they could be
heard talking. One of the Filipinos
yelled in English:
"We will give you damned Americans
enough of this before we are through."
The rebels undermined the railroad
at Marilao and unspiked the rails in
an effort to wreck the train while the
railroad gang participated in the fight.
The work of the rebels was discovered
and repaired before a train arrived.
General Wheaton is preparing to pun
ish the Filipinos.
The military gunboat Oeste, from the
lake, has brought thirty-two rebel
wounded, one Filipino and six wouHded
Americans to the hospital.
It is now known that ninety-three in
surgents were killed in the capture of
Santa Cruz.
DEWEY'S OPINION
OF THE FILIPINOS
' WASHINGTON, April 11— Admiral
Dewey has written to the Secretary of
the Navy as follows, respecting the
capabilities of the Filipinos:
MANILA, Feb. 23.— The good effects po
litically of taking the natives into the ser
vice of the Government have not been lost
sight of, and from the first large numbers
of them have been employed at the Ca
vite naval station as mechanics and la
borers in coaling and in manning tugs
and launches.
I regret to state that the latter experi
ment has been only a partial success, as
nearly all of the mechanics and laborers
left on the outbreak of hostilities between
the United States and the Filipinos, and
are now believed to be in Filipinos' ranks.
I am unable to state how much of this
I was due to intimidation and forcible im
pressment Into the army by the so-called
Filipino republic, but from the statement
of some few who returned and the fact
that nearly all those who live in the coal
lighters and turrets— that Is, under our
immediate protection, have remained, it
would appear that intimidation was a
large factor in the disappearance of the
workmen. It Is well known that the Agui
naldo Government is a severe military
despotism.
"Although under the rule of the United
States the character of the natives will
certainly Improve, a sudden change is not
to be expected. A few of them might be
employed on transports and vessels of
that kind: indeed, the Filipino quarter
masters who have been serving on the
Nanshang and Zaflro since the purchase
of these vessels have always been Satis
factory, but because of their long asso
ciations with Americans and Englishmen
> they belong to a class apart from the
) great mapority."
/ •
AGONCILLO LIES
LIKE A TAGALLO
LONDON, April 11.— Agoncillo, the
agent of Aguinaldo, who is still In
Paris, suffering from influenza, has
written a letter to the Associated Press
Baying:
"It is absolutely false that Aguinaldo
is willing to accept an autonomist sys
tem similar to that in India. The
Filipinos and their Government have
only one — absolute independence—
as the only source of general welfare."
PARIS. April 11.— In an interview
printed in the Patrie to-day, Agoncillo
was quoted as saying*.. "The Americans
have fully realized that they will never
subdue the Filipinos and that the
policy of Major General Otis has com
pletely failed. The Filipinos have re
solved to defend themselves to the
death. They have in their power 1500
American prisoners. The wet season
is arriving and fever will soon attack
the American troops and disorganize
them. During* this enforced truce we
are increasing the strength of our or
ganization. The cause of the Fili
pinos, therefore, is far from desperate."
THE BLACK PLAGUE
APPEARS AT HONGKONG
WASHINGTON, April 11.— A cable
gram received at the State Department
from United States Consul Wildman at
Hongkong contains a single word
"plague," thereby announcing the an
nual appearance of the disease on the
Chinese coast. It will require the most
energetic efforts on the part of our
medical officers at Manila to prevent
the plague from being Imported from
Hongkong.
SHAFTER GUEST OF HONOR.
WASHINGTON. April 11.— President
this evening entertained Major General
William R. Shafter, Major General Wheel
er and Adjutant General Corbln, General
Shafter having been invited to dine with
the President as the guest of honor. With
his aid. Captain Plummer. General Shaft
er left to-night for the East, to spend a
day with Fred Bowenat Lake wood. N. J..
and after brief stops in Michigan and Il
linois will be back at San Francisco with
in ten days to resume command of the
department of the Pacific.
QUAY SEEKING TO
BAR BANK BOOKS
Opposes Their Admis
sion as Evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 11. -In the
trial of ex-Senator Quay to-day his law
yers began what is regarded as the all
important contention in their fight for
his acquittal— namely that the books of j
the broken People's Bank are not compe
tent testimony against the accused man j
and therefore should not be admitted in j
evidence. On the decision of this point j
rests the entire fabric of the prosecu
tion's case. Should Judge Biddle decide
the point well taken the commonwealth's
case will necessarily collapse.
In order to obtain the most effective
presentation of this phase of the defense
Mr. Quay- brought to his aid the skill
of David K. Watson of Pittsburg, one j
of the ablest attorneys in Pennsylvania,
ranking, in fact, with the best of the
country. Mr. Watson spoke on this sub
ject for nearly two hours this afternoon,
and had the almost breathless attention
of a room filled with the legal lights of j
the local and State bar. Many of these i
lawyers expressed the opinion that Mr. '
Watson made a very strong argument. ;
What its effect will be upon the Judge
remains to be seen.
The District Attorney opened tin pro
ceedings in this phase of the case by of
fering in evidence the books of the bank,
extending over a number of years, and
along with them the account books, j
letter-press book and letters from Sena
tor Quay and State Treasurer Haywood,
found in the desk of Cashier Hopkins af
ter that official had committed suicide. j
He read, a long summary of what the
books and papers showed and stated what
he expected to prove by them, to wit:
That through a conspiracy with Cashier
Hopkins, State Treasurer Haywood and
other State-Treasurers and possibly other
officials of the bank. Senator Quay used a
fixed amount of State money deposited ;
In the institution and received interest
on another fixed portion of the State de
posit. Much of the evidence offered by
the District Attorney was brought out at
the preliminary hearing on October 5
last. There was some new matter, how
ever, dealing principally with the amount
of money loaned by the bank to Mr.
Quay, and, during the past twelve or
fourteen years, the amount paid to him
and other State Treasurers on State de
posits.
Mr. Watson contended that the mere j
fact that bank clerks, with no personal '
knowledge of the truth of what they
were writing, entered certain figures in
a book, which figures purported to repre
sent interest paid to Senator Quay, was I
no proof that the money had been re- j
ceived by him or that there had been any j
intention to pay it to him. This argu
ment Is in line with the defense's con- i
tention that Mr. Quay was the victim of
Hopkins, who used the Senators-n ame to
cover up his own : illegal transactions.
Mr. Watson also attacked the indictment,
declaring it to be fatally defective.
Judge Piddle probably will decide to
morrow whether the books of the bank
are admissible. If he declares they are,
Mr. Quay's lawyers will next take up the \
memorandum books and letters belonging
to Hopkins and oppose their introduction
as valid testimony. Previous to the pres
entation of the bank books by Mr. Roth
ermell the examination of Receiver Bar-*
, low was concluded and ex-Judge James
Gordon, who, the adherents of Senator
Quay declare, Is responsible for what they,
term the conspiracy against their favor
it., gave testimony In corroboration and
explained Mr. Barlow's statement.
Mr. Barlow created a sensation by the
statement that he had broken open the
dead cashier's desk and taken therefrom ;
I the books and letters appertaining to the ;
: Quay trial at the behest of a mysterious j
i informant who spoke to him over the tel- !
ephone from Harrlsburg and said there j
was a plot on hand to steal the compro
mising documents that night. He was, ■
, he said, never able to learn who his mys
terious friend was. The fact was
f leaned from Mr. Barlow that the bank
books and letters were practically in the
control of Judge Gordon from April until
September of last year. He considered
this proper, as Judge Gordon was the con
fidential adviser of President McManes of
: the bank. -;;. ■-■'::
Judge Gordon gave his testimony In a
quiet, convincing manner. He deprecated
the stories of conspiracy against Senator
Quay that have persistently been put Into
circulation, and frankly answered every
question asked regarding the use he made
of the papers while he had them. He ad
mitted that they had been photographed
at his suggestion, but merely for pur
poses of safety in the event of the orig
inals being destroyed. He also admitted
having shown them to David Martin, the
leader of the anti-Quay faction; to John
Wanamaker, a bitter opponent of Sena
' tor Quay, and to others, including a par
tial exhibition of letters to James M.
( Guffey, the Democratic leader of this
State, but not in the manner hinted at by
the defense.
Judge Gordon asked permission of the
! Judge to make a statement of his connec
: tion' with the case, but the entire array
of Quay counsel objected instantly, and I
j what undoubtedly would have proved In
teresting reading was thus shut off.
COLONEL WHEELER DEAD.
LOS ANGELES. April 11. -Colonel John
O. Wheeler, a pioneer of Los Angeles
County, died of old age this morning at
Redondo. He was in his eightieth year.
Colonel Wheeler was born In Connecti
cut and came across the continent In
1849. He reached Los Angeles in 1850 and
engaged In merchandising. In 1854 he and
William Butts started the Southern Call
fornlan, a weekly newspaper published In
English and Spanish. He held a number
of public positions here and in San Fran
cisco. His widow and three daughters
survive him. The daughters are Mrs.
William Prtdham of Los Angeles. Mrs.
Clay M. Greene of New York and Mrs. F.
H. McCormick of Alameda. The remains
will be taken to San Francisco for in
terment. • • ,v .
'_ , _
Resigns His Pastorate.
SAN JOSE. April 11.— Rev. J. B. Wake
field, the well-known Episcopal clergy
man, has on account of ill-health resigned
the pastorate of Trinity Church here, to
take effect on September 1. Dr. Wake
field has been pastor of the church for
fifteen years.
Stationery and printing, visiting cards
and invitation's at Sanborn & Vail's, 741
Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
FORGERY OF
HENRY HAD
NO WEIGHT
Did Not Influence General
Pellieux Against
Dreyfus.
TESTIMONY OF GONZE
Admits That the Exile's Alleged
Confessions Were Only "Par
tial Avowals."
■ ■
Sr>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
• PARIS, April 12*.— Figaro, con
tinuing its publication of the evidence
given before the Court of Cassation in
the Dreyfus revision Inquiry, gives to
day the beginning of General Gonze's
deposition. General Gonze told the
court that he received from Colonel
Sandherr toward the end of 1894 the
bordereau which came into the hands
of Lieutenant Colonel Henry. It reached
the latter piecemeal and was recon
structed by him with the assistance of
various officers. It gave rise to a long
and minute investigation by experts on
handwriting, with I the result that sus
picion fell upon Dreyfus.
When interrogated regarding the
communication of secret documents to
the court-martial General Gonze re
fused to reply, but said he learned in
directly of the confessions of Dreyfus
on the evening of his degradation, and
on the folio-wing day he (General Gonze)
took Captain Le Brun Renaud to the
Minister of War (General Mercier), to
whom Captain Le Brun Renaud repeated
his statements. At the same time he
(Gonze) addressed a letter to the chief
of 4 the general staff (General de'Bois
deffre), in which he alluded to the con
fessions as "partial , avowals, mixed
with reticences and falsehoods."
With reference to Colonel Picquart's
endeavors to substitute Comte Ester
hazy for Dreyfus General Gonze ex
plained that Picquart never told mm
Henry's document was a forgery, and,
in fact, Picquart had not seen it.
After describing how Colonel Pic
quart came to be sent to Tunis, the
witness reverted to the secret dossier,
asserting that it came into Picquart's
hands in August, 1896. On September
3 of that year, he said, Picquart pre
sented him with a dossier he had
formed against Esterhazy, together
with the Petit Bleu, which appeared to
him suspicious because it did not bear
a postage stamp and had not arrived
regularly addressed.
General Gonze declared General Pel
lieux was not influenced by the Henry
forgery. Interrogated regarding the
cipher telegram from a foreign at
tache, dated. November 2, 1894, he said
it looked suspicious, two different ver
sions being given, and the Foreign Min
ister decided to exclude it from the
Dreyfus dossier. In ? May of last year
the Minister for War wanted to obtain
this document, but M. Hanotaux, Min
ister of Foreign Affairs at that time,
refused to deliver it. General Gonze
said he had not seen the exact text of
the two versions, but he remembered
that Colonel Sandherr brought him one
, version containing the words "emis
salre parvenu." A few days later Sand
herr showed him an entirely different
text.
General Gonze declared he was ignor
ant of Esterhazy's relations with the
general staff, though aware of the im
prudences committed by Colonel Paty
dv Clam. •He assured the court he
knew* nothing of the relations between
Esterhazy and Sandherr and had found
no evidence that Sandherr paid Ester
hazy. ""V
KILLED HIMSELF WHEN
ORDERED TO PARIS
Locrimier's Suicide Followed by the
Receipt of an Anonymous
Message.
PARIS, April 11.— The suicide of Lieu
tenant Colonel Henry in the fortress of
Mont Valerlen, Paris, last August gave
Locrlmler, his secretary, such a shock
that his brain was affected and he was
placed on the retired list as a hopeless
invalid. Since that time the former ser
geant major of artillery has resided at
San Quentln, in a chatelet there, with his
family and his father-in-law. He recov
ered his health somewhat, but never spoke
of the Dreyfus drama, which evidently
preyed upon his mind.
Last Saturday he received a telegram,
not from the Minister of War, as was
first alleged, but an unsigned dispatch,
ordering him to proceed to Paris imme
j diately to place himself at the disposal
"de gui de droit" (one who has the right
to order you thus). Locrimier spent the
rest of Saturday preparing for \ the jour
ney and killed himself that night.
It is remarked as curious that through
out the whole agitation Locrlmler's name
had never been mentioned. There seems
no doubt, however, that he could have
i thrown some light upon, the affair, es
pecially regarding the mysterious death
j of Lermercier Pickard, the detective, un
derstood to have been employed In the
I Dreyfus affair, who was found hanging
, ln his lodgings in circumstances which
did not point conclusively to suicide.
When Colonel Picquart was placed or!
trial last September, on a charge of re
vealing documents concerning the na
tional defense the public prosecutor
asked for an adjournment on the ground
that the Minister of War had decided to
prosecute him for forgery and using
forged documents. M. La Boric. his
counsel. Indignantly opposed the adjourn
ment, alleging that its object was to de
liver Picquart into the clutches of the
military authorities. The Judges of the
Correctional Tribunal decided to grant
the adjournment, whereupon Picquart,
as he was about to be led away to Im
prisonment, made the folowlng sensa
tional statement:
"This is perhaps the last time I shall
speak in public. I shall sleep perhaps in
the military prison of Cherche Midi.
Therefor© I wish to declare if I find the
strangling cord of Lermercler Pickard or
the razor of Colonel Henry It will be mur
der, for I have no idea of committing
suicide." . ' '
HENRY ROBINSON DEAD.
LOS OLIVOS. April 11. -Henry Robin
son. ex-State Senator and for many years
active in California politics, died suddenly
at Santa Ynez this morning at 10 o'clock.
He had been a sufferer from Brlght's dis
ease for several years.
As editor of the Santa Ynez Argus, the
I deceased was very active In securing the
: Zaca Lake reserve, bis last editorial deal
ing with this popular subject. As a writer
i he was fearless almost to a fault, and
j transgressors here have cause, to remem
ber, his penlashing to their sorrow. He
1 wax a native of Massachusetts, 74 years
iof age. He will be buried at Oak Hill
Cemetery at Ballard to-morrow.
DR. BELL FOR MODERATOR.
SAX JOSE, April 11.— The United Pres
byterian Presbytery and the Woman's
Presbyterian Missionary Society of San
Francisco district convened in annual
session at the United Presbyterian Church
here to-day. Dr. H. H. Bell of San Fran
cisco was elected moderator of the pres
bytery for the ensuing year. Dr. Maria
White of San Jose was elected president
of the missionary society.
SHAFTER COMES
TO THE AID OF
ALGER AND EAGAN
Testifies That If Soldiers Lacked
Good Food It Was Their
Own Fault.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— Major Gen
eral Shafter was the principal witness
before the beef inquiry board to-day. His
statement differed little from his testi
mony before the war Investigation com
mittee. He had eaten the canned roast
beef. cold and found it not disagreeable.
The refrigerated beef was as fine as any
he had ever eaten. The men who suf
fered for lack of food had only them
selves to blame. If there had been mis
takes Congress, which provided the ra
tions and clothing of the soldiers, was
responsible. He admitted that he • had
never heard of canned roast beef before
the war. While it was not very pala
table in the tropics, he thought it would
be very good in a cold climate.
Some of the Pennsylvania volunteers
gave direct testimony as to the tainted
character of the refrigerated beef and
the canned roast beef. One of them tes
tified that the beef aboard the Mississippi
had maggots in it.
Major General Shafter entered the
courtroom unacompanied, and all the
members arose to receive him. He de
tailed the main events connected with
the Santiago expedition in narrative
form. The quantity of supplies taken
was largely determined by the capacity
of the ships. He had no discretion in
the matter of rations. He took what was
sent to him by the commissary depart
ment. It was utterly Impracticable to
take beef on the hoof. He regarded the
proposition as absurd. Had he encoun
tered an active enemy they might have
lost a beef herd. In any event it would
have been imperatively necessary to take
the same amount of salt and cured meat
to provide against such a contingency.
After the troops were landed he ordered
all troops forward with three days' ra
tions, '_ne meat ration was not specified.
Each commander determined whether it
should be bacon or roast beef. He heard
no complaint of the canned roast beef be
tween the time of landing and the sur
render. He heard no complaints until
after his return from Cuba. Naturally,
in such a climate, it was not appetizing.
He ate it every day himself. The troops
were supplied with full rations of meat,
hard bread, coffee and sugar. There were
one or two days when the full ration of
coffee and sugar did not reach them, but
it was made up the next day. The ques
tion of supplying the troops was the dif
ficult one; t he-rest was easy. There were
no complaint" from Washington. The
health of the troops was fairly good up
to the time of the surrender. The sick re
port on July 16 would show but 1000 men
sick, but the troops had been weakened,
and after the surrender went down rap
idly. The first case of yellow fever was
reported on the 6th. He recalled only one
complaint against the refrigerator beef;
he thought that came from the Seventh
or Ninth Infantry.
He took great interest in the refriger
ated beef, and from his investigation pro
nounced it perfectly satisfactory. Sus
picion that it had been chemically treated
was never even suggested at that time.
He attributed the immense amount of
sickness to exposure, the exertions of an
active campaign and the climate.
Major Lee cross-examined General Shaft
er. In a report forwarded by Colonel
Roosevelt some complaints were made,
but he did not regard them as important,
as the emergency had passed. Major Lee
read from Colonel Roosevelt's report of
WOULD EXHUME
CHINESE DEAD
Sacramento Trustees in
a Quandary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. April 11— The Mayor
and Board of Trustees are confronted
by an interesting problem. For many
years past it, has been the practice to
bury the Chinese dead In the Helvetia
Cemetery, which is the property of. the
city. Lots have grown to be of value
In the section of the cemetery occupied
by the Chinese, and notice was recently
given of the Intention of the authorities
to remove the bodies.
The Chinese are jealous of their dead,
and when the determination of the au
thorities was manifest the merchants of
Chinatown formed a pool and employed
counsel to guard against the threatened
desecration. The bodies number .about
500, and' under the law the city is enti
tled to a fee of $10 for every exhumation.
Mayor Land has signified his intention
to enforce the collection of such a fee in
every case, and there Is a prospect of in
teresting legal entanglements.
The Chinese, as is well known, have a.
custom of temporarily Interring the bod
ies of their dead in the local cemeteries
and then sending them back, duly tick
eted, to the mother country, where the
remains are supposed to enjoy a quiet
and peace not possible elsewhere. These
removals are made from time to time,
according to the ability of the relatives
of the deceased to meet the expense,
which is usually $45 in each case. includ
ing the $10 exhumation fee, transporta
tion and delivery to agents in China-
The Chinese Companies, with headquar
ters In San Francisco, have sent word
here that they cannot afford to ship the
500 bodies back in a batch and they ob
ject also to paying the $10 fee asked for
in each case. They have Informed the
local authorities that they will ship the
bodies in small consignments from time
to time If permitted to do so, but. they
protest against the arbitrary determina
tion of the authorities to remove the
bodies without consulting their wishes.
Major W. A. Anderson of counsel for
the Chinese, asserts that he will cause
the Imprisonment of every official in any
way concerned in such a step and he will
not stop even at the Mayor. He declares
that in each case the cemetery fee was
paid for the interment of the Chinese,
and nobody has a right to disturb their
bodies. _____________________ _•.'*»?-■':
PROMINENT WOMEN
COMING TO THE COAST
Officers of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union to Visit
Santa Ana./
LOS ANGELES. April 11.— Mrs. L. M.
N. Stevens and Miss Anna A. Gordon,
president and vice president of the Na
tional Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, will attend the California State
Convention of the organization, to be held
on May 8 to 11 at Santa Ana. Mrs. Ste
vens and Miss Gordon will arrive in Los
Angeles on the evening of May 4. On May
5 a reception In their honor will be given
from 5 to 10 p. m. Mrs. Mary A. Kinney,
State president of the. Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, will deliver the ad
dress of welcome, and there will be talks
by other Woman's Christian Temperance
Union officers. In the evening Mayor
Eaton will deliver an address of welcome
on behalf of the city. A children's mass
meeting will be held on the' following Sun
day at the First Baptist Church, and in
the evening of the same day Mrs. Stevens
will deliver, a discourse.
After attending the State convention,
Mrs. Stevens and Miss Gordon will go to
Ventura and Santa Barbara. Mrs. Ste
vens was assistant recording secretary of
the National Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union before the death of Frances
EG. Willard. and prominent in temperance
work. This will be i her first visit to the
coast. Miss Gordon was Miss Willard's
private secretary for a number of years.
She is a musician of much ability.
the action of July 1. saying his troops had
no food on that day except what they
captured from the Spaniards.
"If they did not have food it was their
own fault," observed General Shafter.
"They were ordered to provide themselves
with two days', rations."
As to Colonel Roosevelt's statement that
they did not have adequate food or medi
cal supplies, that was a matter of opin
ion. They had their rations provided by
law. If the rations of the Rough Riders
gave out en route to Cuba it was the fault
of their officers, who should have drawn
supplies to keep ten days' supply on hand,
as he had ordered.
] Q. From your experience do you regard can-
I ned roast beef as a suitable meat ration for
| such a campaign?
A. I do not know of any substitute.
Q. Could corned beef be better.
A. Possibly it is not so good as bacon, but it
depends upon the individual taste. I myself
think there misht have been less meat and
more beans and rice. Campaigning in the
tropics was new to us and it was an experi
mental food. Certainly we all recognize now
that the rations were not well adapted to such
a campaign, but it was all we had and we
did the best we could. Congress provides the
army rations.
General Shafter detailed a conversation
with Commissary General Eagan about
the canned roast beef, which he (Shafter)
at that time believed was genuine roast
beef. Asked if after all that had occurred
he considered canned roast beef worthy
of a further trial, General Shafter reiter
ated his statement that he knew of no
substitute. His own preference would be
for clean bacon, but while uninviting and
not palatable he did not consider canned
roast beef unfit for food. Any canned
meat in such a high temperature that
when opened the grease would run off
would be far from appetizing. But he
would not therefore condemn lt. In a
cold climate he would regard the canned
roast beef as very good Indeed. To carry
fresh beef on the hoof he regarded as
absolutely out of the question.
None of the division commanders-
Wheeler, Kent or Lawton— had approved
of the ration officially. : v. -
"If there had been complaints to them,"
he said, "I hardly think they have re
ported it. They were sensible men. It
was all we had. Nothing could have been
done." jUPiiuy
He mentioned the opinion that 1 per
cent of the refrigerated' beef was thrown
away. At the conclusion of General
Shatter's testimony the court took a re
cess.
A. A. Kirk, a cook of Philadelphia City
troops, testified at the afternoon session
that he saw refrigerated beef aboard the
Massachusetts that had spoiled. In
Porto Rico the troop bought its own beef
on the hoof. He declared that one-third
of the canned beef he saw was unfit fo».
use.
John W. Springer of New Cumberland,
Pa., who acted as commissary sergeant
of the Governor's troop of Philadelphia,
testified that fully halt the canned roast
beef was unfit to eat.
Arthur W. Feight of Carlisle, Pa., also
of ■ the Governor's troop, thought that
one-fourth of the canned beef was spoiled
and one-half unfit for use. Maggots were
found in the beef aboard the Mississippi.
Lieutenant Alexander Frank of Cincin
nati, commissary and subsistence officer
of the First Ohio, which was at Port
Tampa during June and July, testified
that the canned roast beef made the men
sick. As commissary officer he had re
fused a considerable quantity of the beef
furnished by Armour. It was tainted. At
Jacksonville, he said. Armour issued short
weight beef.
CONSOLIDATION OF
STREET RAILWAYS
Two San Jose Systems
to Be Combined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. April 31.— San Jose and
Santa Clara electric railway and the First
street electric railroad will, unless nego
tiations now pending fail, be consolidated
in the near future, and San Jose will then
have one of the best systems of street
railways on the coast. Messrs. Henry and
Burke, owners of the San Jose and Santa
Clara road, have been trying to obtain
possession of the rival concern for some
time, and during the last few days ar
rangements have been nearly completed.
The First street road, under the owner
ship of Jacob Rich, became embarrassed
three years ago and It was placed in the
hands of Receivers J. W. Findlay and
Henry Alvord. • Rich went through insol
vency and the road passed from his hands.
There is a first mortgage Indebtedness of
$200,000 and a second mortgage of $100,000.
Suit to foreclose the first mortgage was
brought, and yesterday Judge Fyland of
the Superior Court rendered a decree or
dering the property sold as an entirety
within thirty days. T. E. Johnson was ap
pointed commissioner to conduct the sale.
Out of the proceeds will come the costs of
the county, which are heavy. The decree
then provides that Receivers Findlay and
Alvord shall each have $250 a month from
the time their service commenced, which
is about three years; $2000 shall be paid on
receivers' certificates for rails purchased
and improvements made; $5000 to Jackson
Hatch, attorney for the receivers, and
$200,000 to the German Savings and Loan
Society of San Francisco, holders of the
first mortgage. 'The residue from the sale
is to be paid into the court for the benefit
of the second mortgage bondholder,. This
latter class will receive but little.
: It is pretty certain that the German
Savings and Loan Society will buy the
road whan sold, and in turn will sell to
Messrs. Henry and Burke. George Tour
ny, secretary of the German Savings
and Loan Society, and^eA_torney W. S.
Goodfellow have been In the city several
days conducting negotiations with Hen
ry and Burke. To-morrow Burke will go
to San Francisco to further arrange mat
ters. It is not known just what the
terms are. but it is thought to be a pay
ment of just enough to cover the costs
and first mortgage.
The First street road is valued at about
$300,000. although Jacob Rich claims it
cost $400,000 to build and equip ten years
ago. It is about fifteen miles long. It
extends the entire length of the city on
First street to Oak Hill Cemetery, with
branch lines running to Delmas avenue
and Into the Second and' Third Wards and
Bedding street. The road is in poor con
dition and much repairing will have to be
done..
The San Jose and Santa Clara electric
road extends from East San Jose to San
ta Clara, and is about five miles In length.
The consolidation will give Messrs. Hem y
and Burke about twenty miles of line. In
all probability transfers, will be given and
the people will enjoy the benefit of one
line, ■ - ■ -
MURDERED BEFORE HIS
WIFE AND CHILDREN
Joseph Rodgers Killed by Oliver
Emerson on a Ranch Near
Jamestown. ■
• JAMESTOWN, April 11.— At the Emer
son ranch, four miles east of here, Oliver
Emerson shot and almost instantly killed
Joseph Rodgers, lessee of the place, this
morning. Bad blood has existed between
the men for. some time. Emerson was re-
I cently put under $5000 bonds to keep the
, peace. After having shot his victim Em
erson went to Sonora and surrendered to
I the authorities. Rodgers was a good citi-
I sen. and . the father of a large family.
Several of his children, with their moth
-1 er,* were witnesses of the tragedy.
MRS, MURDOCK'S
FIRST VICTORY
Famous Note Introduced
in Evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, April 11— The attempt of |
the attorneys- for the defense to prevent ;
the introduction in evidence of the $100,000 •
note which is the basis* of Mary Helen j
Murdock's claim to a large share of the •
estate of the late William Murdock j
failed to-day. After the arguments of
counsel on the point raised yesterday had
been concluded, Superior Judge Pirkey
ruled In favor of the plaintiff, and the
note was introduced as part of the evi
dence in the case.
Gawn Murdock, the plaintiff's husband,
continued his testimony. He said he was j
in Chico when the note was made in
September, 1577. When he went home a j
few days later he was shown the note. |
During the time he was in Chico and i
after the note was signed he met William
Murdock', and the uncle told him that he i
had been at the home of the witness and '
had made the note for $100,000 in full settle- -
ment of the accounts between himself
and Samuel Murdock, and had received
the $20,000 the witness had paid to Samuel j
Murdock a few days before. After
reaching hime Gawn. at his wife's re
quest, made a copy of the note, as his :
father had requested a copy. The wit
ness said that he saw many sums of I
money paid to William Murdock by his I
father (Samuel), these transactions run- j
ning from IS6I to 1877, the date of the j
note. I
After he returned home from Chico and |
made a copy of the note the original was
put into a glass bottle. This bottle was
sealed, put Into another bottle.and the
larger bottle placed in a powder-can and
burled in the stable, where it remained
for ten years. In 1887 the note was taken
up and taken to Sacramento.where a trade
was being negotiated for a lot of land,
the note to be used as part of the pur
chase price. The note was at this time
presented to William Murdock by the per
sons who were expecting to take it, and
William Murdock said it was all right
and would be paid at maturity.
The witness testified that William Mur
dock acknowledged the note in Sacra
mento in 1890. The witness positively
identified the note as the one he saw upon
his return from Chico. He was still on
the stand at the adjournment of court.
Charles Dudley Warner 111.
NEW YORK, April 11.— A special to the
I Tribune from New Orleans says Charles
j Dudley Warner is seriously ill. ;,. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"One Swallow Does
I Not Make a Spring/
ef{p, it is the myriads of birds that
announce the opening of bright days.
They bring us promise of renewed health
and strength. They teach us a lesson,
which is to set our human house in
order by thoroughly cleansing our blood,
in fact, making it new, pure and bright.
There is only one real specific with
which to accomplish this, and that is
Hood's Sarsaparilla, America's Greatest
Spring Medicine, which never disappoints.
As a purifier, its work is thorough, and
good health is sure to follow.
Don't Need Doctor— "We do not
need a physician while we can get Hood's
Sarsaparilla. It is the best blood purifier
and tonic obtainable." Esther M. Thomas,
Box 174, Fredericksburg, Va.
Tired All Day— "No tired feeling,
such as I used to have morning and night,
since Hood's Sarsaparilla cured it i it also
cured pain in my little girl's stomach." Mrs.
Jas. T. Mann, Hubbardston, Mass.
Liver Troubles— "My wife and I
j are advanced in years and have derived
; great benefit from Hood's Sarsaparilla for
i liver and stomach. We do not think of
! being without lt and Hood's Pills." Hiram
j Hcrve, Blissfield, Mich.
Sleeplessness— "l suffered from
sleeplessness and pains in the head and
pains in the head and back, but Hood's
Sarsaparilla has given me new life.
Hood's Pills after dinner have no equal,"
Mrs. J. W. Zell, 477 Walnut Street, Colum-
bia. Pa.
Hood' j tPills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
JXJST K,__3aE!lV__3l_»-
-fNEVMATIC TIRED ROAD WACONS
■ AND SURREYS,
Latest styles, best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this hew work we are
making greatly reduced prices on a large line
of nlgh-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-
gies. Pest of repair work on short notice.
PURITY" _sr /^
HEALTH Woodbury's |VsjJ
BEAUTY Facial Cream % t&z^r
Naturally follows the use of WQODBURY'S
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antlsetlc, their cleansing and'
purifying effect is unequalled. For sale every-
where.
IMMENSE CROPS
IN SAN JOAQUIN
Grain Yield Promises to
Be Enormous. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. April 10.— The outlook for
the wheat crop in San Joaquin County is
nothing short of magnificent. The crop
is no longer dependent upon the rainfall
-in fact, it will be better if there be
nothing more than light showers; or, bet
ter still, no rain at all. The grain is now
growing so thick that many farmers say
a rain, accompanied by any wind, would
beat the stalks down, and the thickness
of the vegetation would prevent the
straightening necessary for heading.
Since the late rains a mass of sprouts
have come up and are so tender that they
would be easily broken. As it is, they are
fast reaching the height of the first com-
The farmers have ceased to estimate
the number of bushels they will have to
the acre if conditions continue favorable.
Everything points to an early harvest,
and it will have been many years since
the reapers went through such fields.
The hay yield cuts no inconsiderable
figure in the calculations of the farmers.
They have learned by the sad experience
of the last two years that hay costs
money. Places which a few months ago
were barren are now a mass of green,
which in a few weeks will become golden,
bringing happiness to the entire section.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
ACROSS THE ATLANTIC
NEW YORK. April 11.— A special cable
to the Journal from London says: Jame
son Davis, director of the corporation that
has charge of the wireless telegraphy em
ployed by Professor Marconi, said to-day
to .the Journal correspondent that the
company had been solicited by a New
York syndicate, which desired to acquire
j sole rights for the use of the Marconi sys
tem across the Atlantic between the Brit
-1 ish Isles and America.
While the directors of the Marconi Com
; pany had not yet considered the proposi
, tion, in Mr. Davis' opinion they probably
i desired that an arrangement be made.
— •
Soquel Resident Dies.
SANTA CRUZ. April 11.— John Bond
died at Soquel yesterday at the age of 85
years. He was a native of New York.
The body was shipped this morning to
Fresno for interment.
'Scrofula— "My boy suffered with
scrofula when young. Two bottles of
Hood's Sarsaparilla cured him. He is now
ten. Our physician, advised its use. We
always recommend it" Mrs, E. C Clipper,
81 Kidder Street, Cleveland, O.
Eruptions "Eruptions appeared on
our: little girl's skin, large boils and crusts
forming. We were completely discouraged
until ' Hood's Sarsaparilla completely cured
her." Charles Sihler, 156 Antietam St'
Detroit Mich.
Sour Stomach— "l suffered for
! years with sour stomach. Took several
I bottles Hood's Sarsaparilla as a blood medi-
j cine, and now am thankful for my wonder"
! ful cure." Mrs. D. H. Shelly, 336 Yeoman
St., lonia, Mich.
Impure Blood— "I am pleased to
recommend Hood's Sarsaparilla as a spring
medicine. It has cured our family of im"
pure blood." Miss Nellie Hilldebrant 8
Bly Street, Rochester, N. Y.
000000000000000000
c-w PALACE *sp Z
GRAND »__t__ls. g
Q SAN FRANCISCO. .I?
*T Connected by a covered passageway. "
**-*■ 1400 Room*— 9oo w! h Bath Attached. *****
0 All Under One -tunagement. O
O .;.?\ NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 EuropeahPlan.9l.oo per <"«>' and upward Q
«. American Plan. s.".W( per day and upward —
w Correspondence Solicited. O
0 JOHN' 0. EIRSPATBICK. Hunger. O
000000000000000000
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
W'w" NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
322 Market street, a F.— (Send for Circular..
■ iIUM'-W-irw-MTi-r-r -*i - . nffin.i ri"r*li ■ a JT.-. - . .VOLUNTEERS
ENTITLED TO
DISCHARGE
One Effect of the Peace Proc
lamation Issued by the
President.
Sr>ed_i Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters. Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 11.
One 0. tin- most important effects of
the President's peace proclamation will
be th disba_idment of the volunteer
army organized specially for the war
with Spain. In anticipation of this re
sult officials of the War Department
have for some time past been engaged
in the muster out of all troops enlisted
for the war, and this work has so. far
progressed that there are only* four vol
unteer regiments on duty in Cuba
These are the so-called immune regi
ments. There are no volunteers In
Porto Rico and Hawaii.
There are about 18,000 volunteer troops
in the Philippines. They have rendered
mo*st gallant and effective service in ,
the campaigns against the Filipino in
surgents and their immediate muster
: out would seriously Interfere with the
successful prosecution of military oper
ations now in progress.
It is said at the War Department that
no such embarrassment is apt to occur
in consequence or" the President's proc
lamation, as arrangements will be made
under existing law.- for the continuance
in service of all these volunteer troops
who may elect to remain in the Philip
pines. The law which called the army
into existence will be construed at the
,War Department to mean that the mus
ter out of troops in the Philippines will
be upon the orders of the executive,
and that in the natural. order of things
such a result cannot be accomplished
Within less than two or three months.
In the law for the promotion of the
efficiency of the army, passed just be
fore the adjournment of Congress,
there was a provision authorizing the
President "to enlist in the Philippines
officers and men, individually or by or
ganization, now in those islands, and
about to be discharged, provided their
retention shall not extend beyond six
months."
As a special inducement for the re
enlistment of these regular and volun
teer troops in the Philippines, the War
Department has decided in case of such
re-enlistment' that th. men will be al
lowed full travel pay on their return
to the United States, including a trip
by sea, as well as by land, to the place
*of their original enlistment. It is cal
culated that this travel pay allow
ance will amount to between $500 and
$600 in the case of each soldier who re
enlists in the Philippines. Besides
this, they will get credit for service
already rendered and will also receive
the two months' extra pay provided
for soldiers who rendered service out
pide of the United States.-
These special ' inducements, it is
hoped, will have the effect of inducing
most of the troops to- continue in the
military service for the next six
months, at least. In support of the
statement that the execution of the law
for the disbandment of the volunteers
will require several months' time, at
tention is called to th- conditions that
existed in the army at the close of the
civil war. There was a similar law
then directing the disbandment of the
volunteer army. The proclamation
declaring the war closed was issued
In October, 1866, and the regiments
still remaining in the service were
mustered out from time to time, the
last volunteer regiment to be mus
tered out being held until a
year and six months after peace
had been proclaimed by the President.
Under this construction a number of the
volunteer regiments may be retained in
the Philippines for some time, although
It is known that those who desire to re-
turn home will be allowed to do so.
ANAEMIA
Is a forerunner of consumption. It is a |
disease of the blood. The symptoms are '
quite numerous and are readily discerned.
If the progress of the disease is not
checked death from consumption or some
other disease is inevitable. HUDYAN
will check Its progress. HUDYAN will j
enrich the blood and make the patient :
strong. HUDYAN is a vegetable remedy.
-. harmless In Its ef-
/ ] A feet. It contains
} t^_ I no Iron to cause
'(■> % »'fl the teeth to decay.
X «— 3a 1! " you are suffer-
no -JW ing you should
7/ —■ C take HUDYAN
>s^^ now and then note
the change in
your condition.
-A I Study your symp-
\ / to m s carefully.
\ 5 / These are your
[ symptoms. Take
\ HUDYAN now
and they will disappear.
YOUR WEAK POINTS ARE:
1. CONSTANT HEADACHE— HUDYAN
by its action on the blood will, equalize
the circulation of the blood and the head-
ache will disappear.
2-2. SUNKEN EYEBALLS AND DARK
RINGS BENEATH THE EYES— HUD-
YAN will cause the rings to disappear
and make the eyes bright.
3-3. BALE CHEEKS— will
enrich the blood and cause the cheeks to
become bright and rosy.
4. WEAKNESS IN THE HEART-The
heart becomes weak and there Is a con-
stant sinking feeling around it. HUDYAN
will make the heart strong and cause it
to beat regularly and the sinking reeling
will disappear.
5. FEELING OF WEIGHT IN THE
STOMACH AND INDIGESTION-HUD-
YAN will cause the food to be properly
digested, improve the appetite and relieve
constipation. HUDYAN will relieve all the
above symptoms and make you well. HUD-
YAN Is for you. After you are cured tell
other women what HUDYAN has done
for you. HUDYAN can be procured from
druggists for 50c per. package, or six
packages for $2 50. If your druggist does
not keep it send direct to RtUDYAN
REMEDY COMPANY, San Francisco.
Call upon the HUDYAN doctors. Con-
sultation is free. You may call upon the
doctors or write, as you desire. Address:
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
'-. _ fUN J-ItANCISCO. CAL. .....
PEACE WITH SPAIN
FORMALLY CONCLUDED
WASHINGTON, April 11.—
condition of war -which has
existed between the United
Status and Spain since April
21, 1898, terminated to-day
when the last formalities in the restor
ation of peace were performed by the
exchange of ratifications of the peace
treaty. Coincident with this President
McKinley issued his proclamation de
claring that the war was at an end
and the appointment of Bellamy Storer
was determined upon as United States
Minister to Spain.
The principal ceremony of the day
occurred in the reception-room at the
White House, when the exchange of
ratifications took place at 3 o'clock. In
anticipation of the historic character
of the event many members of the Cab
inet and officials prominent in the ad
ministration gathered at the White
House. These included Secretaries
Hay, Wilson and Hitchcock, Senator
Davis, one of the Peace Commission
ers who negotiated the treaty; Assis
tant Secretaries Hill, Adee and Crld
j ler of the State Department, Acting
Secretary of War Meikeljohn, Adjutant
General Corbin, Solicitor General Rich
ards, Hon. Wayne MacVeagh and Sid
ney Smith, chief of the bureau of dip
lomatic correspondence, State Depart
ment, who had prepared the American
copy of the treaty.
Shortly before 3 o'clock the French
Embassador, M. Cambon, arrived, in
company with M. Thiebaut, the firßt
secretary of the French embassy, the
latter bearing the Spanish copy of the
peace treaty. Mr. McKinley cordially
greeted the Embassador and after a
brief exchange of well-wishes the for
mal ceremony began. The President
stood back of the large desk presented j
to the Government by Queen Victoria- I
while Secretary Hay and Embassador j
Cambon occupied places at the desk. j
Around this central group were ranged j
the Cabinet officers and others already !
mentioned and officials of the house- j
hold. The powers of M. Cambon and
Secretary Hay were examined, a pro- j
tocol concerning the day's ceremony ]
signed and other formalities concluded. |
These preliminaries took some time, |
so that it was nearly 3:30 o'clock be- i
fore the actual exchange began. The i
signing of the protocol of exchange oc- I
curred at 3:28 p. m.. Embassador Cam
bon signing for Spain and Secretary i
Hay for the United States. The pro- !
tocol was in French and briefly recited I
TWO WINNERS
FOR TOD SLOAN
Heavy Betting on One of
His Mounts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 11.— At the first day's
racing of the Newmarket Craven meet
ing to-day, Mr. Fairies bay colt Cut
away won the Ashley plate. Cydaria,
ridden by Tod Sloan, was unplaced.
This race is of 200 sovereigns, for two
year »olds. Fifteen horses ran over the
course (.last five furlongs of the Ashley
mile). The betting was 11 to 2 against
Cydaria.
Sloan won the Long Course plate of
100 sovereigns on the Miss Nellie filly.
The betting was 2 to 1 against Sloan's
mount.
Tod Sloan also won the Fitzwilliam
stakes on Betty Field. The betting was
72 to 2 against Sloan's horse. Eight
horses ran.
The Visitors' plate was won by Lord
Dunham's bay colt St. Vaset. Tod
i Sloan rode Lord Beresford's bay geld
ing Manilec, but was unplaced. Leo
! pold de Rothschild's chestnut colt Tri
; dent won the Newmarket biennial
stakes. Tod Sloan rode Sir Waldle
Griffith's chestnut filly. Sweet Mar
jorie, but was again unplaced.
C. E. Dv. . er, a son of Richard Cro
ker's racing partner, has purchased the
Miss Nelly filly, winner of the Long
Course trial plate, for. 588 sovereigns.
According to the newspapers Mr. De
', mer won heavily on the race captured
: by the filly, one of his successful bets
being £1000 to £2000.
RHODES TO COMMAND
THE YACHT DEFENDER
9
Famous Skipper of the Lasca Will
Have Charge of the Racing
Craft.
NEW YORK, April 11.— After full con
sideration of many names submitted,
those in charge of the old Defender have
selected as her skipper for trial races
with the new cup yacht and all else that
may be required, of her Captain Unas
Rhodes, a lifelong resident of the South
Side of Long Island, and a friend and
associate of those famous sailing
masters, "Hank" Haff, Norman Terry
and others. Captain Rhodes is in
the prime of life, and in the days when
John E. Brooks of the New York Yacht
Club was in yacht-racing circles with his
•noted schooners he was his skipper and
piloted them to victory. The triumphs of
the centerboard Lasca, built for Brooks
from Cary Smith's designs, are still vivid
ly remembered by the great body of
yachtsmen.
When the Lasca went to Europe in May,
1894. Captain Rhodes was ln command,
and so much ' confidence was reposed in
his ability and judgment that Brooks and
two friends sailed with the yacht.
Captain Rhodes . made the exceptional
passage with the Lasca of fifteen and a
half days to Fastnet from Sandy Hook
lightship, and in seventeen and a half
days was at anchor In. Gourock Bay,
Scotland, without losing a ropeparn. The
inability of Brooks to secure any races
for his notable craft while she was
abroad Is a matter of yachting record.
Captain Rhodes remained with Brook 3
until he sold, the Lasca .and went to
Europe to permanently reside. Since then
the captain has been in command of well
known vessels. j
THE KAISER
' IS TURNING
VERY UGLY
Continued from First Page.
dispatches that 'the German Govern
ment was about to make a demand for
a disavowal of Admiral Kautz's ac
tion, it may be stated that our Gov
ernment will certainly not accede, to
any such request in advance of a full
knowledge of all the facts in the case
and a conviction that the admiral acted
wrongly, the presumption always be
ing that our officers have acted with
.due propriety until the contrary Is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
WASHINGTON, April Presi
dent McKlnley's proclamation of
peace follows:
"Whereas, a treaty of peace be
tween the United States of Amer
ica and her Majesty, the Queen Re
gent of Spain, in the name of her
august son, Don Alfonso XIII, was
concluded and signed by their re
spective plenipotentiaries at Paris
on the 10th day of December, 1898,
the original of which is in the
Spanish language; and
"Whereas, the said convention
has been duly ratified on both parts
and the ratifications of the two
governments were exchanged In
the city of Washington on the 11th
day of April, 1899.
"Now, therefore, be it known
that I, William McKinley, Presi
dent of the United States of Amer
ica, have caused the said conven
tion to be made public to the end
that the same and every article and
clause thereof may be observed and
fulfilled, with good faith by the
United States and the citizens
thereof.
"In witness whereof, I have here
unto set my hand and caused the
seal of the United States to be af
fixed.
"Done at the city of Washing
ton, this eleventh day of April in
the year of our Lord one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-nine, and
of the Independence of the United
States the one hundred and
twenty --third.
■•WILLIAM McKINLEY.
"By the President.
"JOHN HAY,
"Secretary of State."
the circumstances leading up to the
exchange.
This cleared the way for the ex
change Itself, constituting the final act.
The President took from the desk the
American copy of the treaty, hand
somely engrossed, bound in dark blue
morocco and encased in a black moroc
co portfolio and handed It to M. Cam
bon. At the same time M. Cambon
handed to the President the Spanish
copy of the treaty, also engrossed,
bound in morocco and encased in a
maroon-colored morocco box. There
were deferential bows as each received '
from the other this final pledge of
shown to be the case. If Admiral Kautz
found Mataafa, the self-constituted
King, with his thirteen chiefs, dominat
ing the affairs of the island, involving
the suspension of the functions of the
Supreme Court and of the municipal
council, formally and duly established
by treaty, then it was his duty, accord
ing to the State Department, to bring
the conditions at once to conformity
with the' treaty. If this involved the
dissolution of the provisional govern
ment there can be no legal complaint,
It is said, by any one of the three treaty
powers, who have bound themselves to
carry out and maintain the treaty of
Berlin. The fact that the three Con
suls at Apia, in a moment of excite
ment, sanctioned the establishment of
the provisional government, though re
gretted here, is not regarded as affect
ing the merits of the American and
British contention, as these three ofu
cials, it Is held, had no right to do any
thing in contravention of the treaty,
such as was involved in the suspension
of part of the machinery of the govern
ment provided for by that convention.
Some surprise is expressed by the
department officials at the misconcep
tion entertained in Germany of the
terms .of Admiral Kautz's proclama
tion, and It is pointed out that, accord
ing to the terms of the proclamation,
as printed here, Admiral Kautz did not
say that "all three Consuls had ex
pressed a willingness to annul the pro
visional government," but that a meet
ing of the Consuls had been called and
that a decision had been reached to
annul the provisional arrangement.
REICHSTAG TO TALK
ON SAMOAN AFFAIRS
NEW YORK, April 11— A special to
the Journal from Berlin says: An in
terpellation in the Reichstag on the
Samoan dispute, which will not be con
tented with a vague reply, is in im
mediate prospects. Though the press
of Germany is almost unanimous in its
condemnation of . the action of Ad
miral Kautz, the official papers decry
the Chauvinistic agitation of the pro
nounced enemies of the Fatherland,
and the Norddeutsche Allgemelne Zeit
ung and other conservative organs ex
press the hope that the interpellation
will not invoke unfriendly utterances
toward the United States as a nation
on account of a quarrel confined en
tirely to a comparatively small group
of islands.
The leaders of the various parties ape
even now conferring with Count yon
Bulow, Minister of- Foreign Affairs,
with respect to the coming interpella
tion. 3gTSjßaXpß
. Count yon Bulow is not at all averse
to having the entire Samoan affair
aired In the Reichstag.
GRAND LODGE OF DANIA.
PETALUMA, April 11.— The first session
of the Grand Lodge of Danla was called
to order at Druids' Hall this morning at
10 o'clock by Grand President Petersen,
who delivered a brief address. The roll
call showed a full attendance of delegates.
The entire morning session was devoted
to the reading of reports of grand officers
for the past year. They showed a num
ber of new lodges and that the affairs of
the order, are in a most flourishing condi
tion. To-night the delegates were enter
tained at the homes of local members.
To-morrow evening there will be a ban
quet.
San Jose Beats Stanford.
PALO ALTO, April 11.— Another vic
tory was gained to-day by the San Jose
nine over the varsity, the score being 10
to 6. The collegians played the loosest
kind of ball ' for five innings. In the
sixth the team pulled itself together and
began batting in excellent form, Pitcher
Andrews of the visiting team being
touched up for thirteen hits all toid.
Edwards and Chandler led in the bat
ting. To-morrow another practice game
will be played with the same nine.
Fails to Get a Divorce.
SAN RAFAEL, April 111— Mrs. Mary A.
Gardner failed to obtain a legal separa
tion from her husband, Dr. Robert E.
Gardner of 231 Post street, San Fran
cisco, yesterday.
After Mrs. Gardner's testimony was
taken, the Misses Sarah and Isabella
Tennant, sisters of the plaintiff, gave
evidence in her behalf to prove the
charge of desertion and failure to pro
vide. Dr. Gardner was the sole witness
for the defense.
Dies of Heart Failure.
WOODLAND, April 11.— Mrs. Mary A.
Gibson died of heart failure last night.
She was a native of Missouri, and SO
years of age. She was the mother of
Judge James Gibson of Kansas City, one
of 'the most popular and' influential pub
lic men of Missouri. Judge Gibson left
Kansas City this morning, and the
funeral will be deferred until hlB arrival
in this city.
peace. This exchange of ratifications
occurred at 3:35 p. m. The President
was the first to speak.
•« "Mr. Embassador," he said, "I will
issue my proclamation at once."
M. Cambon thanked the President for
the promptness with which the procla
mation followed. This ended 'the for
mal ceremony and after brief felicita
tions the Embassador and the other
officials withdrew. . Secretary* Hay took
with him the Spanish copy of the
treaty received to-day and deposited it
in the archives of the State Depart
ment. M. Cambon cabled the Spanish
Government of the final restoration of
peace and made known that the Ameri
can copy of the treaty would be for
warded through the French Foreign
Office.
The effect of the action taken to-day
Is to completely renew the peaceful re
lations, trade, official, diplomatic, con
sular and in all other ways, between
this country and Spain.
Following the appointment of a
United States Minister to Madrid and
a Spanish Minister to Washington, it
is expected that Consuls will be sent
to Barcelona and the other large places
In Spain where our consular represen
tations were suspended by the war. At
the same time Spanish Consuls will be
appointed throughout this country.
For a time the trade and navigation
between the two countries will proceed
without treaty protection, as the war
put an end to the commercial treaty,
but a treaty of trade, navigation and
commerce suitable to the new condi
tions and the needs of both countries
and also an extradition treaty will be
negotiated soon.
BELLAMY STORER
TO BE AMBASSADOR
WASHINGTON, April 11.— Bellamy
Storer, present Minister to Belgium,
will be appointed by the President as
the First Embassador to Spain.
Mr. Storer's selection for the Madrid
mission is a distinct promotion in the
diplomatic line. The difference in com
parison Is not considerable, but the
new Minister to Madrid will have very
Important duties to perform, including
the early negotiations of a general
treaty of trade and comity. Mr. Storer
is a Catholic.
It Is assumed . here that the Due
d'Arcos, late Spanish Minister to Mex
ico, will be named as Minister to Wash
ington.
GAGE'S KNIFE IS
OUT FOR BULLA
May Be Dropped From
Code Commission.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
• LOS ANGELES, April Governor
Gage visited Los Angeles to-day and at
tended to considerable private business
that has accumulated ■ since his' vacation
began. The corridor leading to his of
fice door swarmed at times with those
who desired audience; but the door was
securely fastened and entrance denied all
applicants. VHf-tt-B3SQ_
Although the Governor and State Sena
tor Robert N. Bulla have not met for sev
eral weeks, it transpires the Governor
probably will not reappoint Senator Bulla
Code Commissioner. Bulla, according to
those who speak knowingly, is not in the
best standing at present with the State
machine and administration. The law
creating the Code Commission provides
one of three members shall be a Demo-
crat. It Is said Bulla's successor may be
of that party. In carrying out this Idea
overtures have been made to Henry
O'Melveny and George Denis, both lead
ing Los Angeles Democrats, and lifelong
friends of Governor Gage. Bulla said to
day he and the Governor were to meet
soon to discuss code work.
"I do not know whether I shall be re
appointed or not," said Bulla in response
to a direct question; "and I emphasize
the fact that I have heard nothing about
ah extra session of the Legislature with
a guarantee for a caucus to decide > the
Senatorship before the call is officially
issued. Would 1 sign such a call? I can't
answer that question until confronted
with the conditions."
Governor- Gage denied to-day that he
had appointed Judge Van Fleet, M. M.
Estee and George J. Denis members of
the Code Commission or had made any
appointments whatever.
"I shall make out a list of my appoint
ments when I get back to Sacramento,
and I don't know now how long after that
! time arrives they will be made public,"
| said Governor Gage in an Interview.
The exact date for Governor Gage's re
i turn north is not decided. He is reported
j as saying it may not be this week, as he
Is not well, while an Intimate friend de
clares the Governor will start to-morrow
night. The "push" is disconcerted, as it
seems impossible to reach the executive,
much less locate his movements with ac
curacy.
California's Congressional delegation
has been invited, through Congressman
Russell J. Waters, to meet on April 20 in
Los Angeles during Jubilee week. The
object of the meeting Is to organize the
! delegation for work in Washington next
I winter and to discuss matters of national
j legislation in which California Is espe-
I cially Interested and devise plans for con
! certed action. Congressman Needham de
j sires this meeting to be held In San Fran
cisco, but Jubilee week will bring many
| persons of prominence to Los Angeles and
because of this fact this city was chosen.
REPORTED DEATH
OF A DEFAULTER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' REDDING, April About a month
ago a , letter bearing Peruvian postage
stamps and addressed to Mrs. Madden,
wife of the absconding Treasurer of Mo
doc County, was received at Alturas.
After some consultation the letter was
forwarded to Stockton, where Mrs. Mad
den lives. From Mrs. Madden the news
went back to Modoc County announcing
the death of the defaulter' in an out-of
the-way place in Peru. Madden had been
.working ln the mines and accidentally cut
his knee, dying in a short time of. lock
jaw. The letter was written to acquaint
his family with the fact.
While there is no doubt from the post
mark and stamps that the letter was orig
inally mailed from Peru, the* people of
Modoc County receive the -reported -news
i with incredulity. The defaulter. Madden,
has been "heard from" at so many points
which afterward turned out unauthentic
that the people who lo?t $30,000 by the ex-
Treasurer's manipulation are loth to be
lieve he has been located or that he is
dead. .■-■>.
A • few months ago some detectives
''worked" the Modoc Supervisors for $200
under the plea that they -were shadow
ing Madden in New Orleans and needed
the money to effect his capture. The
money was sent forward, the detectives
clapped their man in jail and sent on his
photograph for identification. It bore no
llkenesß to Madden, but Modoc County
was out $200 just the same.
At various times Madden has been
"heard from" at Honolulu, at Hongkong,
at Auckland and in the Coolgardie gold
fields. The letter from Peru, however, ap
pears to be the most authentic Informa
tion with respect to what has become of
the defaulter that has yet coma to light.
TANNER SCORES
PANA'S SHERIFF
Why the Governor Sent
Troops.
PEACE OFFICERS INACTIVE
ACCUSED OF SYMPATHIZING
; WITH RIOTERS.
Heated Controversy Between the Ex
ecutive and a Resident Over
the Question of Withdraw
ing Troops..
Si*.!-! Dispatch to The . Call.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 11.— con
ference was held to-day between Gover
nor Tanner and Sheriff Downey of Chris
tian County and other prominent officials
and citizens of Pana, including Chief of
Police Kleley, City Attorney J. H. Mor
gan, S. E. Smith of the Pana Gazette
and Jacob Swallow of the Pana Palladi
um, in regard to the situation in that
city. A heated controversy arose be
tween the Governor and Mr. Smith over
the question of removing the troops from
Pana, the result of which was that Mr.
Smith was ordered to leave the room.
Governor Tanner asked Sheriff Downey
why he left Pana as he did to take a
prisoner to Taylorvllle when he had 200
armed deputies In Pana. The Sheriff ac
knowledged that many of Ms special dep
uties were as anxious as anybody to kill
the prisoner. To this the Governor said:
"You fell down when you left the scene
of battle and left your deputies without
a commander. I do not think that you
are capable of maintaining order and I
think if you had been left in charge there
would have . been a more terrible mas
sacre. It was very evident you had mis
represented the situation to me, and I
took the responsibility upon myself to
send troops',, and I have instructed that
all persons shall be disarmed."
Sheriff Downey soon afterward prac
tically admitted it was his purpose, with
the aid of the special deputies, to assist
the union minerß ln getting the colored
men out of Pana and preventing other
colored men coming in.
The Governor told the delegation that
he would take the troops away as soon
as order was restored.
Company D of Bloomington went to
Pana to-day.
CLAIMS HE FIRED
IN SELF-DEFENSE
SACRAMENTO, April 12.— Sheriff John
son, Coroner McMullen, District Attorney
Baker and Stenographer Duden went out
to-night to Investigate a tragedy that oc
curred four miles from Gait this after
noon. John Bandeen, a well-known
farmer, shot and killed a woodehopper
named. H. H. Pearson. Sheriff Johnson
telephoned from Gait that Bandeen had
left before the officers reached there and
was on his way to Sacramento to give
himself up. All that could be learned at
Gait was that Pearson was employed on
Marty Brothers' ranch as a laborer.
There had been enmity between him and
Bandeen for four years. Bandeen's state
ment was that Pearson attacked him with
an ax and he shot him in self-defense.
German Lutheran Conference.
SAN JOSE, April 11.— annual con
ference of Central California of the Ger
man Lutheran church convened here to
day for a three days' session. Rev. J. M.
Buehler of San Francisco presides.
_^^SSr^<_ • New customers.
avJJJ^^^^^^^^^N^ During our new
§ During our new
customers' sale of
\ $8.00 suits we want
_f^^_J ** >^^R^l^^^^ \ to answer this ques-
-1 fl^^^-t3 = ±f"E^r^l I Yes, these suits are all
I ■ 9_^^irm -iuu _§m I / woo ' anc * c P rotec "
\ ■ l^^^^ff^^__^^W / on that goes with
\ il^^^Sßr^fflH_f ' / every suit emphasizes
• • x Our guarantee is
■ Money returned if you want it or
Suit kept in repair one year free.
A customer is most always impressed by his first purchase. That is why we
have selected these $8.00 All- Wool Suits for our new customers' sale.
Boys' Middy Suits.
You will find our Children's Department very convenient when it comes to buying that boy of yours a suit.
There is plenty of natural light and a large mirror where the boy can see his suit from top to bottom.
Middy Suits for boys from 3 to 8. Eight patterns; browns and grays; some same color throughout and others
with blue vests and collars and trimmed .with old gold soutache, and green vests and collars with trimmings of
red soutache. Suits are all wool. Price: .
S. N. wood & CO.,
718 Market Street.
Country Orders -billed.
FALLING BRIDGE
CARRIES WORKMEN
DOWN TO DEATH
Collapse of a Temporary Super
structure Spanning the
Harlem.
NEW YORK, April 11.— tempo
; rary superstructure of the big Wil
lis-avenue bridge now being built
over the Harlem River collapsed
this afternoon, killing four men and
seriously injuring six, one of whom may
die. Twelve or more other workmen
received injuries of a more or less seri
ous nature. The dead are:
M. LEWIS BEATTIE.
WILLIAM DELANEY, 65 years old.
WALTER DELANEY, son of William
Delaney, 22 years old.
THOMAS GRADY, mason's helper.
The most seriously injured are: .
Charles Pursley, 31 years old, skull
fractured; will probably die.
Joseph Perry, 27, head crushed.
Daniel Sheehan, 25, hurt about the
head, arms crushed.
S. C. Wolf, crushed about the head
and body.
Simon Medbo, 28 years old, crushed.
The accident occurred at 2:30 o'clock
and was caused by a too great weight
being put on the traveling derrick that
crossed the superstructure.
CELEBRATES HIS
TENTH MARRIAGE
Remarkable Record of a Pendleton
Judge in Matrimonial
Ventures.
PENDLETON, Or., April Justice Peter West of this city to-day
gave out to newspaper men the peculiar story of his tenth courtship
and the announcement of his tenth wedding. The Judge has to his
credit nine wives, from the last of whom he parted a week ago, the
court giving her a decree of divorce. He was the plaintiff, but the de
cree went to her. Mrs. West was married the following day to J. C.
Jones of this city, the couple going to Baker City to live, It was the
fourth marriage for her.
Judge West then, according to the story of his own telling for pub
lication, wooed Mrs. Pauline Miller, whom he had formerly courted,
and on Sunday evening made an agreement with her that a game of
cards should determine whether they be married to-day, next Monday,
or wait six months. Judge West declared that if he lost he would
marry her anyway, and so the game commenced. It was casino and
the Judge was to beat her three straight games or the wedding would
be postponed. He won and so the wedding took place to-day. Judge
West saying:
"This is my last matrimonial venture. I have accomplished my am
bition and have rounded out a romantic career of ten marriages and the
attendant troubles and joys. Henceforth I will settle down in con
tentment."
Mrs. Miller is possessed of considerable property and the Judge him
self has a comfortable amount of lands and money laid by from his prac
tice as a lawyer.
The superstructure connected the
north shore sustaining wall with a pier
and was a flimsy affair, stretching 300
feet across deep water, built in three
sections, one above another, to a height
of about sixty feet. Over this a massive
traveling crane or carrier was operated.
Twenty-five to thirty men were em
ployed on the structure when the col
lapse occurred. A heavy load of steel
beams was being sent out on the crane,
when the timbers gave way and the
entire structure went down with a
crash. As the supporting timbers be
gan to give way the heavily laden
crane ran rapidly forward for a short
distance and toppled into the river. As
it went down the upright crashed into
the workmen, striking the Delaneys
and Beattie, killing them instantly, and
terribly mangling their bodies.
Many of the men were carried down
in the wreck. Only a few succeeded in
getting to the pier, the majority either
falling into the water or into the tangle
of iron and woodwork.
34
GRAND COUNCIL
OF THE ORDER
CHOSEN FRIENDS
The Report' cf the
Chief Officials.
STRENGTH OF THE SOCIETY
NOMINATING CANDIDATES FOR
HIGH HONORS.
_.he Per Capita Tax Fixed at One Dol- j
lar ßeception* to Grand Offi
cers and Represen
tatives.
The first session of the Grand Council j
of the Order of Chosen Friends was held j
yesterday in Memorial Hall, Odd Fel- j
lows' building. All the grand officers were
present and nearly all the representatives ,
from the several sections of the State .
were in attendance. i
The Grand Council degree was conferred
upon forty past councilors, and then the
presiding officer. Grand Councilor Max
Boehm, read his biennial report, an inter
esting document, giving a clear resume of
the work of the order in the past two
years am' offering a number of valuable
suggestions. ■
i Grand Recorder Willis also read his re- I
port. a^caicfully arranged and detailed ac- j
count of the condition of the order. From i
this II appears that by a combination of j
causes, failure to comprehend the change I
in the laws and many deaths, there was |
for a time a decrease In the membership, !
but of late, by reason of a better under- j
standing of the principles of the order
and renewed confidence, there has been a
noted addition. The membership at the ]
close of 1898 was 5095, distributed in 138
lodges. During the last term a number of |
weak lodges were consolidated with j
stronger councils with beneficial results.
The finance committee's account shows '
receipts' in the past two years, including
balance on hand, 517.471 32; disbursements, !
$13,069 99. leaving a balance of $454. __. an j
excess of $2.35 33 over the amount at the |
close of the previous Grand Council.
A resolution offered by A. G. Baker that !
hereafter, out of respect to the Grand j
Army of the Republic, the Women's Re- '
lief Corps, the Ladies of the Grand Army
of the Republic and the memories of the |
soldiers of the civil war and the war with
Spain, that no excursion, picnic or enter- j
tainment in the name of the order be '
given on Decoration Day, was adopted by I
a rising vote.
At the afternoon session the recom- '
mendations ol the grand councilor, that
there should be more fraternity among |
the members and that there ought to be
continued visits by grand officers, were !
adopted.
A. recommendation to levy additional as- j
sessments if necessary in order to meet j
obligations was, after a lengthy discus
sion, referred to the supreme representa- I
tive. ■• • I
The following nominations were then :
made: Fof grand councilor, W. H. Say- !
age of San Pedro; assistant councilor, D. I
J. Hartley of Sacramento: vice coun
cilors. J. B. Coates of Stockton and Dr. i
R. S. Markell of Cloverdale: recorder, S.
C. :!lis: treasurer. Miss Clara McDon
ald; prelates, Mrs. Lizzie Morse of Marys- I
ville and Mary J. Smith of Virginia City; |
marshals, Jennie Pratt of San Francisco
and Lemuel Biddle of San Francisco; i
guard. Mrs. Minnie Lakin of San Rafael;
sentry. Mrs. A. Boehm of San Francisco;
grand trustees, short term, F. W. Day of
Sacramento and A. E. Webber of San
Jose; long term, J. A. McDowell of Sac
ramento; supreme representatives, F. D.
Brandon, M. Boehm. W. F. Gibson. E. I.
Wolfe, D. M. McNeill. A. B. Sanborn.
Mrs. Clara J. Sweeney, D. Sewell and
E. A. Street! of San Francisco; E. R. ,
Tell of Sacramento, T. H. Selvege of Eu- j
reka, A. O. Carpenter and Mrs. E. C. Gor- j
man of Sacramento.
The recommendation of the grand coun
cilor that the sessions of the grand coun
cil be held biennially was adopted, as
was also his recommendation that ef
forts be made to properly celebrate the
twentieth anniversary of the order.
The committee on the state of the or
der presented a flattering report on the
work of the grand recorder, which was
adopted by a rising vote. The per capita
tax was fixed at $1.
The salary of each member of the ex
ecutive council was fixed at $2 50, except
as to salaried officers.
A proposition to have the financial of
ficers remit money within ten days in
stead of twenty days, as at present, was
discussed at length and action was de
ferred until this morning.
Mrs. C. .'. Sweeney, nominated for su
preme trustee, is the first lady who has
been accorded that honor.- The election
Will be held to-day.
Last evening the grand officers and tho
■ representatives wer/; the . guests of the
.Progressive Councils of San Francisco at
.a reception tendered them in the large
hall of the Odd Fellows' building. There
was, besides members of the order, a
great number of -strangers,, who- were en
■ tertained with a programme as follows:
Opening remarks, c. M. Arnold. P. S.
C: vocal solo. Miss Levison: recitation,
"The Legend of the Organ Builder," Miss
Grace Hale: vocal solo, "Friars of Orders
Gray," J. K. Miller; vocal solo, Mrs. Win
ters; address. Hon. Edward I. Wolfe.
, The affair was conducted under the su
pervision of the following named: C. M.
Arnold, D. Sewell, A. G. Baker. T.* B.
Cunningham, Mrs: R. Davidson. Miss H.
M. Atkinson, Mrs. T. B. Cunningham,
Mrs. P. Dunzweiler. Mrs. Lottie Lefler
Mrs. C. Morrison, Miss A. E. McCreery
Mrs. L. M. Pfaendler, Miss M. Under
wood, Mrs. M. J. J. Baccus, Mrs. A.
Boehm. Miss D. Finnen. Mrs. A. Ege
berg, Mrs. M. H. Myers, Mrs. M. Seldner,
Mrs. M. Schafer, Mrs. c. Whittock.
AN IMPORTANT GATHERING.
The Annual Banquet of the Manu- '
facturers' and Producers'
Association.
The annual banquet of the Manufac- j
turers' and Producers' Association to be !
held tljis evening in the Merchants' Club j
promises to be one of the most important I
events of the kind that has ever been '
held in this city. Over 170 members have '
signified their intention to be present and '
the guests who. have promised to attend I
represent the largest commercial, manu- ;
fact tiring, moneyed and railroad interests I
in the United States.
Among them will appear Mayor J. D. i
Phelan, Senator George C. Perkins, Con- I
gressman Julius Safin . Collls P. Hunting- |
ton, George Crocker, W. F. Herrin, J. c.
Stubbs, H. .1. Crocker. W. B. Curtis J
A. Filcher, Tirey L. Ford. Robert Watt,
W. F. Dohrmann. A. D. Shepard, Dr. J. '
•M. Williamson, N. P. Chipman. Julian
Bonn tag. A. < '. Rolofson. W. H. Mills, E. '
Scott, Chief Sullivan of the Fire Depart- '
1 ment, E. A. Denicke. T. C. Coogan, and
others.
Suit for Accounting.
E. A. Hague and William Smith brought
suit yesterday in the United States Cir
cuit Court against Jonathan Hague for an
accounting and winding 'up of a co-part
nership In a vineyard property near Gil
roy valued at $50,000.
Pears'
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is why it lasts so.
DEATH TAKES AN
IRISH PATRIOT
Thomas Baines, Once a Fenian Leader,
Has Passed From Earth.
CAPTAIN THOMAS FRANCIS O'MALLEY BAINES, Irish patriot
and Fenian conspirator, has gone to his long home. About a week
ago he. was taken to St. Mary's Hospital suffering from paralysis,
and Monday morning death stopped the heart whose every throb
has been a prayer for the freedom of old Ireland. All day yester
day the body lay in the parlor of the Pacific Undertakers on Mission street
with a bunch of g_-een shamrocks "on the now quiet bosom, and hundreds
of Irishmen who had lived through the stirring times of the Fenian up
rising came to take a last look at all that is mortal of one who had been
a leader and a plotter in the lost cause.
For years Captain Baines has been a familiar figure along the city
streets. He once made a vow that he would never cut his hair until Ire
land was free, and his curly brown locks hanging over. his shoulders at
tracted general attention.
In his native land he was known as a schemer of rare ability, with a
certain reckless abandon. The great leaders of the conspiracy selected him
as a man capable of performing most dangerous and difficult tasks. So it
happened that after the arrest of "The Pagan" O'Leary, Baines was as
signed to the task of organizing the Irishmen in the English array.. His
efforts in this line were crowned with success, but in 1563, shortly after the
suppression of the Irish Papal newspaper, he was himself arrested and
charged with treason. He was tried before Judge Kough and sentenced
to ten years' servitude in the penal colonies of Australia.
After serving five years he was pardoned by the Queen, and in 1572 he
came to this country in company with several compatriots. The Hlbernia
Rifles was an' active organization at that time, and Mr. Baines joined them,
and finally rose to the rank of captain. After the organization was dis
solved he kept his green uniform and sword, and on St. Patrick's day. ho
would wear them and go calling on his f riends. For many years he sup
ported himself by selling books, one of which was a biography of his life,
entitled "My Life in Two Hemispheres," in which the history of the Fen
ian uprising was told as he himself saw it. - -
He was married in 1877, and was the father of two children, Robert Em
met, now with the army in Cuba, and Thomas Addison, a lad of 15, who
lives at the home on Ivy avenue. Captain Baines has left this country but
once since his arrival in 1572. That was in I**2. when he paid a visit to
Australia and brought back with him the bones of Patrick Keating, an old
Irish compatriot, who was transported with him to Australia. It has
always been his intention to pay a visit to Ireland and carry Heating's
bones there for interment.
The deceased was 54 years old, and a native of County Mayo, Ireland.
The funeral will take place from the parlors of the Pacific Undertakers at
8:15 this morning, and from the Church of the Sacred Heart at 9:30.
PILOT COMMISSION
ON A LEGAL SHOAL
CALLED ON ATTORNEY GEN
ERAL TO TOW THEM OFF.
Misunderstood the Law Chart Rela
tive to the Payment of the
Secretary's Salary.
The members of the State Board of
Pilot Commissioners have been studying
the law, and, as might be expected, they,
overlooked some submerged legal rocks
and statutory shoals not down on any
chart that they had ever examined before.
To begin with, it was found that all of
the expenses of the office and salaries
must be paid out of the money received
from the pilots, the law stating that the
latter must pay Into the commission 5
per cent of all moneys received by them.
The Commissioners also found that the
secretary's salary was not to exceed $250
a month. As a matter of deductive rea
soning they concluded that If the Com
missioners had to pay the secretary out
of the receipts of the commission it was
no concern of the lawmakers how much
the secretary was paid. Hence the fact
that the lawmakers had set the maximum
amount that the official clerk should re
ceive surely Indicated that the Commis
sioners had only to fix the salary and the
same was to be paid by the pilots or out
of the State treasury. Ergo, the full 5
per cent received from the pilots would
go Into their pockets after office and in
cidental expenses are paid. In order that
no mistake should be made, C. H. S.
Pratt, chairman of the board, addressed
a letter to Attorney General Tirey L.
Ford,- in which he asked: "Must the sal
ary of the secretary be paid from the 5
per cent commission received by the
board or from the receipts of the pilots?"
Mr. Ford in his answer called attention
to section 2460 of the Political Code, which
provides that "every pilot of the harbors
of San Francisco, Mare Island. Vallejo
and Benicia must once In each month ren
der to the board (of Pilot Commissioners)
an account of all moneys received by him
or on his account and pay 5 per cent
thereof to the board in full compensation
for Its official services, for the services of
its secretary and treasurer and all inci
dental expenses."
Mr Ford concluded by saying that no
more can be collected from the pilots
than the 5 per cent provided by law, and
the section of the Code quoted made it
necessary that the Commissioners pay
their clerks out of this commission.
HONOR A CLUB WOMAN.
Laurel Hall Gives a Brilliant Recep-
tion in Honor of Mrs. Ellen
Henrotln. JY.
There was a large gathering of repre
sentative clubwomen in the Sorosls Club
rooms, yesterday afternoon, assembled by
invitation of Laurel Hall Club to join in
the pleasant duties of welcoming Mrs.
Ellen M. Henrotln of Chicago, the ex
president of the General Federation of
Women's .Clubs. Each of the women's
clubs of this city was represented by its
president and the board of executive offi-
cers. " ' - ". ■' * '
The hours of the reception were from
3 until 6 o'cock, during which elegant
women in reception gowns and gorgeous
spring millinery pressed around the guest
of honor and exchanged compliments and
kindly greetings.
There was excellent music during the
afternoon and -a characteristic -* little
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; WEDNESDAY-. APRIL 12, 1899.
i speech from Mrs. Henrotln, in which the
lady urged a' State federation of the
woman's clubs of California. Previous to
the reception Mrs. Sanborn of Sorosis en
tertained the visiting club women at a
luncheon at the University Club. Covers
were laid for twenty and the guests were
all prominent club members whose names
j have made the woman's club history of
this State.
SEEKS AN INVESTIGATION.
Charles A. Wetmore 'Asks for Scien-
tific Inquiry as to the Preserv
ing of Food Products.
The general discussion over the ' pre-
I serving of meats, wines and other food
I products owing to the disclosures regard-
I ing the use of "embalmed" meats in the
! army was brought to the attention of the
State Board of Trade yesterday. Colonel
John P. Irish presented a letter written
by Charles A. Wetmore. In this Mr.
I Wetmore suggested that an Investigation
be held with the co-operation of scien
tists to determine the nature and effects
lof different methods. From this would
j flow information to guide all legitimate
| efforts to enlarge trade facilities and to
, enlighten legislative and municipal au
thorities in restraining dangerous prac
tices. The letter cites the smoked hams
of commerce as specimens of embalming
j and medical treatment. It also says the
practices of chemically treating meats
; similar to those figuring in the investiga
| tion of the Army Commission are -common
i in the local butcher shops and with re
spect to salted pork, bacon, ham and
corned beef. Mr. Wetmore asks for the
abandonment of all secrecy In such meth
ods and honest inquiry as to their merits
or demerits.
. Withdrawals for Exportation Favored
: • Customs Collector Jackson said yester
day that he was examining into the
| merits of the application made by Cus
j toms Broker P. W. Bellingall to allow
I withdrawals aficit for export without
j the delay incident to weighing, as stated
I exclusively in yesterday's Call. If he
• finds the plan practicable he will forward
i Broker Bellingall's letter to the Secretary
I of the Treasury with his favorable rec-
I ommendation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-%'V'%'%%'%^^^-V«^^'%%^%%%*%^%%*lft^-%%%^' %^^^
If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y" *
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
• Insist Upon Receiving
Hnnyadi Jdnos
'%&' ' tBgaaVaWBaWBaaWaWSaW.,-
NATURAL. APERIENT "WATER,
the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,' *
Budapest.
WILL CONTROL
THE BAKING
POWDER TRADE
Consolidation of Big
Companies.
. ~ _ ~ »■, ' *■ ■ . \
ti
TWENTY MILLIONS CAPITAL
■ ' " .' . :
PRINCIPAL CREAM OF. TARTAR
WORKS ARE INCLUDED.
■ 1: _
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company
Given the Agency for the
Pacific Coast and
[ the Orient.
In a recent issue of the Commercial
Union there appeared the following:
A new corporation ' called the Royal Baking
Powder Company • was incorporated at , Tren
ton, X. J., March 1, with a capital stock of
$20,000,000. The company Is. to deal ln baking
powder, cream of ■ tartar, tartaric acid and
other preparations. The incorporators are
James C. Young of Jersey City, N. J.; L.
Bertram Smith of Tonkers, N. X., and Henry
C. Demorest, Samuel B. Lawrence and Sumner
W. White of New York City.
The company represents a consolidation of
the Royal Baking Powder Company of New
York, the Cleveland Baking Powder Company,
the New York Baking Powdar Company, tha
Price Baking Powder Company and the Powder
Chemical Company of New Jersey. In all of
these corporations William Ziegler has been
Interested, and his interest in the new company
is estimated to reach at least $10,000,000.
The control of the baking powder output in
the United States will be ln the hands of the
new company. The Royal and the Cleveland
companies have for a long time been rivals in
the East, while the Price Baking .Powder
Company has controlled the "Western market.
The companies now consolidated will continue
to be operated under their present names,
their identity not being swallowed up in that
of the new corporation. It is not improbable,
however, that after the new corporation has
been fully organized the offices and manufac
turing plants of the various companies may
be concentrated or at least reduced In number.
It Is reported that several of the men Identi
fied with the Royal Baking Powder Company
will retire from business, although younger
members of the family will be active in the
company. .
About the time the new company was
formed Frank S. Johnson, president of
the Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company
of this city, and Mrs. Johnson started
East for ah extended tour of Europe.
While In -New York Mr. Johnson met the
promoters of the big corporation and the
result was his company was appointed
the agent of the Royal Baking Powder
Company for the Pacific Coast. British
Columbia; Hawaii, the Philippines, Japan
and China. This and other business ar
rangements necessitated Mr. Johnson's
immediate return home.
"The new company," said Mr. Johnson
yesterday, "was formed for the purpose
of more effectively fighting the concerns
that have been flooding the market with
adulterated or 'alum' baking powders.
It includes all the old established com
panies in tilt- country and the biggest
cream of tartar works as well. The sole
object is to crush those companies turn
ing out 'alum' powder. Under the new
management there will be no change of
policy— same liberal treatment of the
trade' that characterized the old com
panies' dealings with the trade will con
tinue."
Mr. Johnson also secured the appoint
ment of his company as Pacific Coast
agent of the new soda coritblne, which
controls the trade of the United States,
as well as the agency, for .the sardine
combine controlling -the entire American
output, and the Western Glucose Associa
on - , , , ,
Although Mr. Johnson says the baking
powder combination is for the single pur
pose of fighting the "alum" companies,
there Is an impression in local trade cir
cles that the price of this baking powder
may be advanced before long.
Hugo Kiel, general manager of Gold
burg, Bowen & Co., said the combine
practically controlled the trade and there
might be a trimming, of discounts which
would necessarily advance prices. His
company had received a hint to lay in a
supply of baking powder at once, but
had not acted upon it yet.
JORDAN AND THE SEA LIONS.
Will Discuss the P_oject to Extermi-
nate the Beasts. .
The Fish and Game Commissioners are
receiving quite a number of letters ac
cepting the invitation to attend the meet
ing at which will be discussed the propo
sition to thin out the large sea lion herds
that are found along the coast. Nearly
all are in favor of the project, believing
that If something of the kind Is not done
before very long the salmon and other
fish interests will suffer much from the do.
structive beasts. Those interested In a
commercial way present valuable data as
to the destructive habits of the sea lions,
and express the hope that the work of de
creasing the herds will not be deferred to
another season. Some opposition- was ex
pected from Professor David: Starr Jor
dan, who it was believed would be in op
position from a sentimental standpoint,
In reply to the letter inviting the pro
fessor to be present at the meeting, the
learned gentleman sends the following:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 10.
Alex. T. Vogelsang, State Fish Commission,
Mills Building, San Francisco, Cal.— Sir:
I will try to be present at your meeting If
possible. I may say, however, that the sea
Hon Is a fish-eating beast. No one . has yet
studied his habits fully enough to know how
many or what fish are devoured by him, or
whether the herds located about the bay make
any appreciable reduction in the salmon run
ning there. I do not know anything definite
as to the herd's increase.
You will notice that there are two species
of sea lion, the small black one and the large
yellowish one. The large one breeds at Ano
Nuevo Point and on the Farallones. No.ani
mals breed on the Cliff rocks. These are
simply the young driven out from the rookeries
who haul out there until they get big enough
to- fight their way Into the. breeding, grounds.
I think that the relation of these, herds' and
their, effect on the fishing in and about the
bay ought to be thoroughly Investigated be
fore anything is done. Very truly yours,
v DAVID S. JORDAN.
Farewell Banquet.
J. Calegaris, who for the. past eight
years has filled with honor" the post of
president of the Italian Chamber of Com
merce, will be tendered a complimentary
banquet by his. associates on Thursday
evening, the 13th. Mr. Calegaris leaves on
Saturday for Italy, where he expects to
make his home in the future, with peri
odic visits to this city, where he will still
continue his business. Mrs. Calegaris
and family are already installed in the
new home, a beautiful villa, situated at
Lucca, near Florence, Italy.
FIVE MONTHS'
DELAY IN THE
GRAIN CASES
No Relief for This
Year's Crop.
MORE FLAT-CAR STATISTICS
ALL THE EVIDENCE MUST BE
PUT IN SOON.
Railroad Company Will Not Dismiss
I the Case, but Will Nurse It
Along the Cal- ;• :
W_ endar.
After a delay of many weary months
waiting for the Southern Pacific Company
to present its evidence to the court and to
s.how cause why the reduction in grain
rates should not go into effect, action was
taken in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday which puts the case back an
other five months, until after the com
ing wheat crop this year in California
will; have been harvested and stored,
leaving the California farmer without the
relief In the shape of a reasonable freight
rate which he has been so fervently pray
ing for.
For several months past, at fitful in
tervals, dependent upon the changes of
the moon' and the tidal fluctuations of the
Herrin mentality, the attorneys for the
Southern Pacific Company have been tak
ing testimony before Master in Chancery
Heacock in the Appraiser's building on
such vital points as the total number- o.
flat cars owned by the company and the
exact number of screws and bolts in the
tool houses along the route.
Several times the cane has been- called
In the Circuit Court for hearing and. on
each occasion the attorneys for the great
corporation have pleaded that they need
ed more time In which to put in their
evidence and continuances have been
granted, only to be followed by a re
newal of the request for delay.
The attorneys for the Commissioners
appeared in the Circuit Court yesterday
and protested lit the name of the people
against any further continuances. They
insisted that the railroad people should
at once close their case so far as the tak
ing of testimony before the Master in
Chancery was concerned, and that' the
Railroad Commissioners should have an
early opportunity to present the evidence
sustaining the contention for a reduction
of the rates.
The railroad company was not repre
sented In court • and Attorney General
Ford, Robert Y. Hayne and United States
Assistant District Attorney Woodworth
appeared for the Railroad Commission
ers. They urged a speedy end to the case
and after consultation the court made the
following order:
Case continued for the term, and on
motion of defendant's attorneys and
upon good cause shown, it is ordered
that the period within which the
plaintiff is allowed to introduce evi
dence in the above entitled cause be
and the same is hereby fixed at four
months from the 4th day of May, 1899,
and that the defendant be allowed
said period within which to introduce
evidence in said cause and on their
part, and one month thereafter in
which to rebut the evidence that may
be introduced by the complainant, and
that no further time be allowed either -
party thereafter in which to introduce .
evidence in said cause. • -;-' .
Thus the farmer will not reap any bene
fit this year from any legal action that
may be had in the matter, as by the time
that the evidence is put in the wheat
crop will have passed out of the hands
of the grower.
When the ? four months shall have
passed the indications are that the rail
road people will seize some pretext for
another postponement, so as to carry the
litigation over until the crop of: 1900 shall
have been harvested and hauled at the
old rates.
It has been authoritatively stated that
the Southern Pacific Company will not
dismiss the suit, and the issue bids fafr
to grow moldy In the courts before the
long-suffering grain grower can hope for
any relief.
CHADBOURNE SAYS HE
HAS NOT BACKED DOWN
INTENDS TO CONTEST RUDOLPH
HEROLD'S SEAT.-
Says the Fight for the Harbor Com
. missionership Is a Friendly
Matter Anyway. ; ~
When the Harbor Commisioners, by
electing ' William D. English secretary
of the board, blocked the scheme of Gov
ernor Gage to seat Colonel F. S. Chad
bourne as a member of the board, there
by forcing . Rudolph . Herold, the sitting
member, into the position of contest
ing for the. seat, Colonel Chadbourne an
nounced that he would at once begin ac
tion to oust Herold.
But no such action has been com
menced yet, although some time has
elapsed, and people are beginning to
wonder what Colonel Chadbourne In
tends to do in the matter.
There have been many rumors that he
would do nothing; that the Governor's
action in declaring Herold's seat vacant
and appointing Chadbourne to the posi
tion was merely a bluff, which if it
could be made to stand good would give
Gage control of the patronage of the wa
ter front and enable him jn a measure to
help out his . friend, "Mexican Dan"
Burns. It has been said that Chadbourne
is fully aware of the nature of the bluff,
and while he would have been glad to
drop Into the seat and let Herold make
the fight for it, he has small liking for
making the contest himself, and was in
clined to let the whole matter drop.
Colonel Chadbourne was asked yester
day what he Intended to do about lt, and
seemed to* regard the entire affair as of
little or no Importance.
"The matter is in the hands of my
lawyers, Knight & Heggerty." said
Chadbourne, "and when fliey have pre
pared the papers I suppose they will be
gin proceedings to establish my title to
the office. When will the suit be filed?
Oh, I don't know exactly; in a week or
ten days; maybe two weeks. There's no
hurry about It, you know. - It's all a
friendly affair, anyhow. I've known
Herold for a good many years, and he's
a very decent fellow. What's that? Oh.
yes; I'll push the fight to a finish, all
right enough, but. there's no need of
rushing these matters. You know how it
is in a case of this sort— one of these
political contests— it's all done in friend
liness, and it doesn't make much differ
ence to anybody but the parties directly
interested which way it turns out. That's
the way with me. If the other fellow
wins, all right; if I win. why, I'm the
lucky one. We'll all be happy whichever
way the thing terminates."
FOOTPAD AT WORK.
- —
A Citizen Struck on the Head and
Robbed While Going Home.
G. A. Williams, a helper in the shot
tower, who resides at 23 Perry street,
visited police headquarters last night and
reported that he was violently struck on
the head last Saturday night at the cor
ner of Fourth and Harrison streets and
relieved of a gold watch.
Mr. Williams stated that he. had been
out shopping and was homeward bound
when the assault occurred. It was be
teween 10 and 12 o'clock when he reached
Harrison street. Without .warning a man
jumped out of a dark 'doorway and struck
him with a blunt instrument. The blow
badly dazed. Mr. Williams, and as he fell
on the sidewalk his watch was torn from
his pocket. Before he could give the
alarm the footpad escaped.
The victim showed the effects of the
blow dealt him. His eye was blackened
and his nose swollen/Other bruises were
concealed by the bandage he wore
around hie head. (
ADVERTISEMENTS. V V' l_jJ____J^J___^4^
R Hdping
i Hand f
% To all Suffering Women. %
J> In addressing Mrs. Pinkham you are con- **&
4 fiding your private ills to a woman a woman
m whose experience in treating woman's diseases £
# is greater than that of any living person
0 — male or female. <LA 2_-
■!? You can talk freely to a woman f-^^^ _/^\
when it is revolting to re "^^ ■ ?l/rA^V^_.
©J from any form of J/y :: >''-- /M 7 (^
$p female weakness /_/nll I §y _^
i invited to promptly communicate with Mrs. Pinkham, at _%
i 0 Lynn, Mass. All letters are received, opened, g
0 read and answered by women only. A woman
J) can freely talk of her private illness to a woman; thus j*
! has been established the eternal confidence between Mrs. .
\ Pinkham and the women of America which has never _Z
_\_ been broken. V*
Out of the vast volume of experience which she has , T^
__ to draw from, it is more than possible that she has gained W
XT the very knowledge that will help your case. She asks , W
x* nothing in return except your good-will, and her advice &
¥* has relieved thousands. Surely any woman, rich or poor, &
W is very foolish if she does not take advantage of this /■■&
@ generous offer of assistance. ..'..-' 0
& The present Mrs. Pinkham's experience in treating £
4 female ills is unparalleled; for years she worked side by :*$
A ' side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and for some years ..^
A past has had sole charge of the correspondence depart- __\
£ ment of her great business,, treating by letter as many __
2k as a hundred thousand ailing women a year. *__
$ LYDIA E. PINKHAM MEDICINE CO. i
I LYNN, MASS. ?
__S_CE_G_^ffl
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. POOGERA * CO.
COLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS. ;
I**!T?TTQ XJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
J-IIIU OXI---0 *••'■.' bootblacks, bath-
'_ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
flyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, . paper- '
rangers, printers, I painters. , shoe factories,
(tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners." tailors, etc. '
BUCHANAN BROS., * k
Brush Manufacturers. _____ Sacramento 36
! Weekly CaU,sl.oo per YearNEALL MAY HAVE
BEEN CARELESS,
NOT CRIMINAL
Defense Making Out
a Good Case.
HIS PHYSICAL CONDITION
MAJOR EDIE DECLARED HE HAD
TOO MUCH TO DO.
JJothing to Show He Had Ever Ap
plied Money He Received for
His Own Private
Purposes.
It Is beginning to look brighter for
Lieutenant Neall. Three witnesses have
testified, and there has been nothing said
that shows anything more than the ef
fects of overwork and sickness. The
prosecution has not finished, however,
ahd there may be stronger evidence In
reserve, but so far the defense ems to
be making out a good case on the two
graver charges, conduct unbecoming an
officer and a gentleman, and conduct
prejudicial to good order and military
discipline. /
The examination of Major Edie was
concluded during the morning session
of : the court. He said he believed the
state of health in which Neall was at
the time of his disappearance was due
.to his failure to fpllow the directions
given to him to go to bed and stop work
ing. When Edie had given this advice
Neall said he had too much to do, and
he would be all right in a few days, any
way. Edie had told him it was a very
serious matter, and he would not be all
right unles he took a rest.
The questions of the judge advocate
then turned on the statement of the wit
ness made the day before, to the effect
that Neall was keeping his strength by
the use of alcoholic stimulants. He
asked the witness .what he meant by
that statement. Edie replied that
Neall's appetite was gone, his food did
him no good,_ and it was necessary that
he take some stimulant to keep up his
strength.
"Was it by your direction he took
these stimulants?" asked the judge ad
vocate.
"It was not," said the witness.
"Would the omission of any part of his
many duties have any effect upon the
abnormal state of his health?"
"lt would exaggerate lt."
"Looking back, would you modify your
opinion as to the condition of his health
ln February last?"
"I should say his ill health was great
ly aggravated." '_J
'Were his many duties beyond his phy- j
sical or mental strength?"
"Ceertainly they were. He should not '
have been doing anything."
Captain Danes then asked if these:
stimulants Neall took would not partly
account for his inability to attend to his ,
duties. "1 never saw him too much un
der the influence of liquor to attend to
his duties," answered the witness. "I
know he was not .'ting, and he had to '
keep his strength up with alcohol."
'iijat ended the examination of Major
L_ie. and he gave place to Major Field, I
Second Artillery, inspector of artillery :
and Inspector general of the Department !
of California. Major Field told how he
had Inspected the accounts of the post
exchange, but he had not been able to
make a complete inspection owing to the i
absence of Lieutenant Neall. When he \
first ordered' Neall to prepare for the in
spection he was asked to postpone It for
a time, as Neall -said he was then set
tling with the Eighth California Volun
teers. On February 15, however, be was
at the Presidio on other duty and he told ,
Neall he would inspect the exchange
that afternoon at - o'clock. Neall said
he would be ready, and Field went on
with his other duties. He went to the
exchange at half-past 2 and found Neall
was not there. He asked for an orderly
from the adjutant, and the orderly
hunted for the missing officer all over
the post, hut he could not be found.
Under cross-examination it was at
tempted to show that Neall had consid
ered that the time of 2 o'clock was con
ditional upon the duties the inspector had j
to perform, and that perhaps Neall be
lieved the inspector could not be there on {
time, but Field said he waited during
the whole afternoon and still Neall re- i
mained away. He said that he did not I
consider a wait of half an hour any
thing out of the way, but he thought for
the officer to remain away the whole af
ternoon was a circumstance that cer
tainly required explanation. He knew
Neall as a punctual and conscientious
soldier, and when he did not appear was
the first time he suspected something ,
was wrong. He was afraid then the ac
counts were not all right.
Lieutenant F. W. Harris, adjutant of
the post, was the next witness. He told j
how on the noon of the day Neall dis
appeared he received and receipted for !
his order to duty as officer of the day for
February 16, a matter that Mr. Thornton |
announced he did not contest, although j
the accused had pleaded guilty.
Continuing, Harris told now Mrs. Neall
had come to him and told him her hus
band had disappeared and she was left
destitute. He told also of the action of
the officers at the club" who raised money
for her. He said he had not received the
dividends from the exchange which
should have come to him for the use of
the regimental fund and the band, and
he had spoken to Neall about it, but had
received no satisfaction from him. He
told the adjutant he could not make any
return until he had had indorsed by Mrs.
Nolan, as administratrix of the estate
of her husband, who had been Neall's
predecessor In charge of the post ex
change, certain check made payable to i
Lieutenant Nolan. Harris referred the
matter to the commanding officer, Col
onel Compton, but here Thornton put in ■
his first objection of the trial. He ob
jected to have the witness tell what
Compton had said to Neall. as it was
iearsay, and the Judge advocate wlth
rew the question until Colonel Compton
could testify himself.
Harris then said he had received from'
Major Edie. who had got them from Mrs.
NealL a bundle of checks relating to ex- !
change business, and these he had turned
over to the exchange officer. Lieutenant
Slavens. He looked over the checks be
fore he turned them over and he saw
that some were made to the "officer of
the post exchange," some to Lieutenant
Nolan and others to Lieutenant Neall. !
He was sure none of them had been in- i
dorsed by Mrs. Nolan.
He was also questioned about a hill to i
the Presidio Club, presented to Captain
Lock wood, which had not been paid, al- ,
though there was a check from Captain
Lockwood turned over to Neall for that
purpose.
Under cross-examination it was shown!
that the bill was not a very old one and j
the check was also of somewhat recent'
date. Further cross-examination showed
that it was on January 25 that Neall
spoke to the adjutant about the checks
GRAPE-NUTS.
4* All Classes . ♦
•& like the delicate ->£
«|+ Sweet of *$»
f GRAPE-NUTS %
*^+ . &
_\ The newest breakfast food in «*
JSa the market and probably the A
**^ most scientifically made. They
*£l are so easy of digestion that .A
~<v babes In arms grow fat on
JSi Grape-Nuts. .* / A
+? Try for your breakfast to- %*
Jtx morrow, ,A
__[ GROCERS SELL. _T
•tt — i *fST
r t * t i a~t i • • •".
THEY SAY THEY CAUGHT 400,
BUT THEIR FRIENDS SMILE
+ «»-F one were to .waste a half hour in listening to General J. H. Dickinson, Thomas M. Cluff, Dr. John Gallwey, Col- f
J*' I onel D. E. Miles. W. M. Halstead and L. M. Berrere talk the listener would go away firmly convinced that there g;
♦ I is not a single trout left in Purissima Creek and that the stream will have to be restocked before it will ever -f
*? J. prove attract!. to anglers again. But that is merely their talk. When they began to tell about the results of a „
♦ trip they made to .♦be lair of the mountain trout last Friday they gave the total of their catch as 400; now it is all ♦
*? the fish in the creek. '/. , ; ':_" *?
jj Yet there are some inhabitants of that locality who kept the party under close surveillance all the time they ▼
a were in the neighborhood, who laugh at 400 fish, and these inhabitants are men whose word is their bond. There are
28 those in this city who know the sextet intimately who are willing to. stake their last dollar that the only thing caught by j ?
♦ the ertire crowd was "such a headache!" £
■J There are several matters in connection with that expedition that require a more lucid explanation than has «
gj been given yet, but which will all come out in time if the participants are permitted to babble on, and careful note
a is taken of all their statements. . .': . lt __.*« «,«,* _, t
« For instance, there is much curiosity to know how such a crowd could start oft on the trip with a bottle and a -.
*T half of bait and return with two full bottles. Yet that Is what they tell. and. moreover, they resent any show of in
♦ credulity. Now. if they would admit to two full men people would think they were beginning to get down to some
*? thing like facts, but for them to talk about bringing back anything at ail in the bottles or that they started with *>
, only a battle and a half, why, it's absurd on the face of it. . _,
? ' Then* there are certain parties who would like to hear an unbiased version of Gallwey s experience on a log. The *3
£ doctor himself admits that he went out on the log to fish and that it gave way with him dumping him into the clear. *
? cold mountain stream. But the Way he tells it leaves the impression" that there is much interesting data that is with- 85
£ held. Whether he went to sleep on the log and rolled into the creek, or attempted to ride it and the pesky thing
♦ bucked, are details yet to be learned. -*-■.>_ -.- ■-.- " "'•'._•' _ __ _ _ „ , ♦
•» Again the social columns of the papers have been scanned in yam for a description of the grand ball, given in «
r% their honor by the elite of San Mateo, who had only heard of them in a general way Of course, the ball was given ♦
? before they started in to tell their fish story, for country folks regard the truth with reverence. But reports of the W
£ ball that have reached the city describe it as decidedly recfterche, with General Dickinson leading Undertaker Halstead In ♦
.• the race for social honors by a n?... ____ . , „ « _ v _. _*. #i_? !
♦ Perhaps the failure of the San Mateo people to have an account of the affair sent up is because of the shameful ♦
88 abuse of a horse by the alleged fishermen. The poor .beast was harnessed to a three-seated carryall, and hauled them »
J all over the county before they could find the stream they were searching for. . -.
*_> Oh! If that poor beast could only talk! _ _ ___ _ ♦
ct From all that has been learned 'of the trip so far. it appears that Miles was the only member of the party who is
♦ really distinguished himself. You see, as an insurance man he has had much experience in adjusting disputes, so when ♦
8S he was invited to referee a prize-fight, also arranged in their honor by residents of San Mateo not members of the. *5 ,
a smart set it is not surprising that he filled the position with satisfaction to everybody. i\
9 Bu those "fish! N t the fishermen make a showing if they caught so many? Just fancy Dickinson charge at
♦ ire into Purissima Creek "with drawn sword, slashing about trying to imp*. a trout on his trusty blade! Or "Doc." ♦
8_ cfllwev seekfns ?to lure them from shady pools with a bottle of nerve tonic! Or Tom Cluff trying to bait them with aft :
♦ hunk of cheese ff from hts own store! Or-but. oh! well. That crowd never saw 400 trout or four trout. The fish they ♦
_ ten about gorging themselves on while on the trip was the good codfish of commerce. *S
■ ♦♦i-^Si^Si-^SS ♦ 8 ♦ » ■*- 88 ♦»**>«**>_B**»»*B ♦»*>«*»»-»« ♦ »♦ 8 ♦ 88 .'♦ Bf*B+B-*B-*8 B*B-*8+88;*»- £ ♦ 88 -*>-?*♦ 8 ♦ 8-*-8*»*8-*>-8-*>
that had to be indorsed, and that Mrs.
Nolan had been appointed administratrix
only the day before.
The whole character of the testimony
goes to show that while Neall did not
keep his books written up. from what
ever cause, he had all the money he re
ceived In a place of safety, and that he
had never misappropriated any of it. His
statement that he was waiting for Mrs.
Nolan to indorse the checks will be ac
counted for by the fact that she was ap
pointed administratrix only the day be
fore he made the statement, and, she
could not have Indorsed the checks be
fore that time. As to his absence, he will
have to depend on medical testimony to
free himself of that charge.
The case is summed up In a question
put by Mr. Thornton to Lieutenant Har
ris- "Have you any knowledge that these
checks (those of the exchange) had ever
been used by Mr. Neall for his. private
interest?;' asked Thorton.
"No, I have no such knowledge, was
the answer.
PEDDLING BOGUS TICKETS.
A Well-Dressed Fraud Tries to Im
pose on Two Priests.
Rev. Father Wyman of St. Mary's
Church, on Dupont and California streets.
Monday reported to the police that a
well-dressed man had called upon him
and endeavored to sell him some tickets
for a picnic which, he claimed, was to be
given by the American Association on
May 4 at Shell Mound Park. Thinking
the man was a fraud he refused to have
anything to do with him.
Subsequently the man met Rev. Father
Nugent of St. Brigid's Church and also
endeavored to victimize him. Father Nu
gent has informed the police that no
such picnic is to be held and says that
the man Is a fraud, .It is claimed that
the schemer represents himself as a Dep
uty Sheriff and that his object in selling
the tickets for the alleged picnic is to
raise sufficient money to furnish a libra
ry for the "hard-worked . boys" in the
City Hall. _■:*■; \ -v ;-
A description of the man was sent to
the various outside stations last night
with written instructions to the patrol
men to arrest him.
SCOTT GETS THE CONTRACT.
Will Build the New Ferry Boat for
the Valley Road. ;
The directors of the Valley road have
i decided that the big ferry-boat they have
} been planning shall" be constructed by
the Union Iron Works and the contract
i will soon be let. The boat is to be used
; In the transportation of passengers and
' freight between the company's docks in
i this city and their terminus at Point
Richmond. It will be constructed on mod
ern lines In every respect save that it will
be a side-wheeler. , •
A contract will also soon be let to the
Fulton Iron Works for the building of a
! tug to be used by the company. Both
these matters were decided during the
, present week and the contracts will soon
; be framed.
Graham Note Suit.
After a brief examination yesterday
morning of W. D. K. Gibson, secretary
of the ■ firm, of J. D. Spreckels & Bros.
Co.. plaintiffs side of 'the action of that
corporation against R. A. Graham to re
cover $523,162 50 on a promissory note rest
ed. A motion for a nonsuit was then made
on behalf of the defendant, -but was de
nied. The defense then went on with
its case. As the case is equitable it will
be shortly determined.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL ; 12, 1899.
UNIVERSITY REGENTS
• THANK TWO STUDENTS
SUMMER SCHOOL EXTENSION
MAY BE CURTAILED.
Two students of the University of Cali
fornia, J. W. Craig and E. H. Denicke,
were tendered the thanks of the Regents
yesterday for their work last Thursday
in preventing the destruction by fire of
the Mining 'building at Berkeley. Their
presence of mind and prompt action, it
was acknowledged, had prevented an ex
tensive conflagration.
At the same meeting the Regents ap
pointed President Kellogg emeritus pro
fessor of Latin, the appointment to date
from July 1 next.
Charles M. Bakewell, a graduate of the
university, now at Bryn Mawr, Pa., col
lege, was appointed assistant professor
of philosophy, the appointment to take
effect July 1, 1900. H. E. Montague was
appointed Instructor ln philosophy to act
during the absence of Professor Howi
son.
The principal business of the remainder
of the session was In connection with the
proposed extension of the summer school
at Berkeley. • President Kellogg stated
that the proposition to enlarge the course
so as to take pedagogy, mathematics
and history, in addition to physics and
chemistry, seemed to the faculty at the
university doomed to failure during the
coming summer by reason oLthe fact that
many of the teachers who wtuld be bene
fited by. such enlargement would be at
Los Angeles during the time of the sit
ting of the National Educational Asso
ciation. For that reason he asked that
the board rescind its order for the three
additional subjects. There was consider
able discussion on the matter, which. was
finally compromised,' on motion of Regent
Rodgers, by the appointment of a com
mittee of five to arrange for the addition
al course and formulate plans for the re
ception of such of the delegates to the
association as might be induced to go to
Berkeley. The chair appointed President
Kellogg and Regents Rodgers, Kirk,
Budd and Pardee.
The thanks of the Regents were ex
tended to Mrs. Phebe Hearst for a collec
tion of books on art and architecture
Rufus N. Grant 'was appointed master
carpenter of the Wllmerding School at a
salary of $1000 a year.
The Regents authorized the expenditure
of $1675 on the Johnson building on Sut
ter street, providing Nathan, Dohrmann
& Co., the lessees of one of the stores,
would make certain alterations. This
amount makes the investment of the
university In the Johnson building an
even $400,000. Y',*"'" ■
For the Naval Academy.
Congressman Loud will have the nam
ing of a cadet to the Naval Academy at
Annapolis this" year, and there being a
large number of candidates for the honor
in his district, the Fifth, he has arranged
to have a competitive examination. He
has requested Dr. A. L. Brewer of San
Mateo; Albert I.yser, principal of the
John Swett Grammar School of this city,
and Frank J. Symmes to conduct the "ex
amination, and all three have consented.
The examination will begin- Friday at 1
p. m. In the- Lincoln School, and will in
clude the grammar school studies in ad
dition to such algebra, geometry and
general history as the. registrar of the
Naval Academy may require.
Bargains In pictures, frames, onyx
lamps and tables at, Sanborn & Vail's, 741
.MarKet street. •
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
3HaaH_.BHiZ_l_.aHß_i_3B-.H_3DH_._iaE_.H_l_.HH
Are You "tlie li"^
*
am if] Study Yourself!
wl i sy ' \
J2/^ K^C^^j' j) Do you realize that you are not the man you
X ci. > Y'j^^^^^^y s ho.uld be at your age? Are you growing old too
* "'H___Mf^^^^^^^^^_a soon? Do you find your strength failing you, exposing
c 2 rea * drain that has been sapping the very
t-.'-Wl j] ; life and ambition out of you? Then you must up and
WW help yourself. You can't stand this drain any longer.
~~ rK^~~ . \ V \ You must use this new method of applying Electricity.
''- jl See what these men say:
SIERRAVILLE, Cal., March 21, 1599. . . WASHINGTON, Nevada Co., Cal.
Dear Sir: Since commencing: the use of your Belt I have noticed a DEAR DR. McLAUGHLIN: I hereby make a statement that I have
gradual improvement, and to-day can say that I am completely cured, suffered from vital weakness and p?in in my back. I bought a Belt of you
and heartier and stronger than I have been for years; in fact, I feel like , •' ._ , T __ _ _ , • ■ ■
a new person, and. judging from my experience with your Belt, believe it four montns a S° and I can say that lam perfectly cured and as strong
will do all you claim. I have advised several parties up here to try your as I never was before. I will recommend your Electric Belt to all my
Belt, and they have done so with success. Hoping you will have as good _. _. ,
success in every case as you have had in mine I remain, yours- very truly, friends. Wishing you success, lam your thankful patient,
V/V: ALFRED S. HAMLIN. ' MAX PANNIER.
IT'S 10,000 CURES PROVE ITS GREAT VALUE.
This wonderful Belt is not an experiment. Cures IL-e the above have been repeated daily for years. It is a positive cure for all weakness,
whatever the cause. It gives life into the nerves, warms and vitalizes them, assists the blood to flow through the veins and thus aids nature so
that disease cannot exist, and all normal strength is. restored. -Dr. Sanden applies his Belt in a manner taught him by years of practice. The men
who say it cured them of general debility, of wasting weakness; the men who have blcome strong and vigorous by following Dr. Sanden's ad-
vice, are the best evidence of the worth of his system. There are thousands of them. If you are weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you.
Et will make you strong; it will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever
the cause. It costs little,' is worth all that life is, for it makes life worth living. If you are troubled with weakness in any way, send for this
Belt. Don't be ignorant of a remedy that will correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay; act now. Get the
book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how Elec-
tricity, properly applied, will' restore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon application. Call or address ■.•■;•
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco send for my book,
'or 204-}. South Broadway, Los Angeles. "three CLASSES OF MEN."
Office Hours-8 AM. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE
PIGGOTT'S PULL
AT LAST FAILS
TO SERVE HIM
Boastful Pickpocket Is
Convicted.
VERDICT QUICKLY REACHED
SLICK THIEF BOOKED FOR THE
PENITENTIARY.
Henrioulle's Tale of How the Light-
Fingered Rascal Relieved Him
of Two Purses of Gold
Seals His Doom.
We, the jury, find the defend
ant, John Piggott, guilty of
grand larceny as charged in
the indictment. J. B. Mulcahy,
foreman; Walter A. Janke, John
Garrity, E. H. Lange, Claus
i Bardenhagen, F. N. Martinotte,
I William Goldstein, J. A. Code,
j Chris Nobman, A. D. Spearman,
| C. E. Darling, Walter Carter.
John Piggott, yho is regarded by the po
lice as one of the cleverest pickpocKets
in the country, but who has heretofore
defied the authorities to convict him, was
declared guilty of grand larceny by a jury
In Superior Judge Cook's court last night,
and will be sentenced Saturday. . The jury
was out about fifteen minutes.
Piggott was charged with picking the
pocket of Gregoire Henrioulle on a Mission
street car while returning from the Ingle
side racetrack on March 11 of this year.
Henrioulle had two purses in his pocket,
one containing $34 and the other $100 in
gold. When he started to leave the car
at the corner of Mission and Seventh
streets he felt a hand in his pocket. He
turned quickly and caught Piggott in the
act of withdrawing his hand. He grabbed
htm and accused him of robbing him.
Piggott denied the charge, but as he did
i so Henrioulle saw him passing something,
| presumably one of his purses, to Childs.
The victim of the pair promptly collared
the pickpocket's accomplice and held them
both until the arrival of an officer^
The purse containing the $34 was found
on the platform of the car at Childs'
feet. The other purse was not recovered,
but when searched at the City Prison five
$20 gold pieces were found in Plggott's
socks. The claim was made that the
clever thief had made away with the
purse and slipped the gold under his
■waistband, allowing them to drop into his
socks while being taken to prison.
The trial of the case was begun yester
day afternoon. Assistant District Attor
ney Black conducting the prosecution and
Attorney George D. Collins representing
the defendant. Henrioulle was the first
witness and told of the occurrence as re
lated above. His testimony was given in
a convincing manner, and cross-examina
tion failed to shake It.
H. H. Hutchins, who was on the car
when the trouble occurred, testified that
he saw Piggott drop something. Thomas
Connolly, the conductor of the car, Henry
Newman, a passenger, and Patrick J.
Parrell. the arresting officer, testified in
corroboration of the robbery and the sub
sequent finding of the purse at Childs'
] feet. Police Sergeant Martin and Detec
: tive Gibson testified to searching the pris
oner and finding the gold In his shoes,
and Detectives Silvey and Eagan testified
I as to his general reputation being bad. '
The defense sought to show that Pig
gott was in the habit of carrying his
; money in his shoes, and that it would
have been impossible for him to have
slipped the money into his socks while
being taken to the police station. Mrs.
Johanna Fredericks, Piggott's landlady,
. testified that she saw him place this par- ,
ticular $100 in his shoes before he left the
bouse on the noon of the day the 1
robbery occurred. There was also an en
deavor to, show that Piggott and Childs
were strangers, but this was successfully
: combatted by the testimony of Sergeant '
Martin and the detectives.
The defense contended that Piggott
m— ■—! — 7__—M_ll l-M__» ' ■■ IMITf 111
. THE EMPORIUM. | < THE EMPORIUM.
< * Qp¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥'ffc
* Hongkong Fine Dry Granulated Sugar— all this_
J week 21 lbs for : ..... $1.00%
* Western Refinery Fine Dry Granulated Sugar—*
£ all this week 20 lbs f0r. .... $1.00%
I Best Cube Sugar -all this week 18 lbs for $1.00%
ft [See other G> , Hems below). k •*
* Vargas and <-gTOR g9T EMPORIUM Out-of-town '
& Guerilla appear mfMW WffU IT 1 M llMi lks shou!d *
ft again next Sat- m%iW&* _»r.«d tend for cur «
ft urdaym&tin P^Ooldcnßulcßaiaar. f -| J«' "»" *
ft operatic duets. - catalogue. *
* <
ft Last.days of the sale of the Feist Stock of House Furnishings* *
* Crockery, Toys, Etc., at about one-half regular prices. %
a Chance to buy a watch— We are overstocked with*
* watches. To reduce stock we will deduct 25 per cent from the price *
ft of all watches over $10 for the balance of this month — $12 watches, *
* $9; $80 watches, $60 that gives you an idea of savings to be made. %
ft ; *
ft Special Wednesday Only. Special Wednesday Only. *
ft Pattern *&%fc± Colored Positively the biggest^
* Veils. /Mm**, Dress Goods. JK &&«
ft The very latest 'yp^^Z^^h.- offering ever made by the big store— a *
* style All-silk Tuxedo K^^/^y&St stylish, durable 85c Henrietta Cloth, in *
* Mesh Pattern Veils— /^'-^s~_3^^ blue euchre > marine or gros blue— our 85c %
_ chenille spot and che- iwj^^r^^^? the y ard ( l *' . v > mind you— special for J
* nilled spotted borders l^C^jPiaCpßM ; to-day at 59c +
- in pretty designs— I v - _^^__/^ *
ft black, white and good \k^_J_msS Special Wednesday Only. _ *
ft assortment of co ors •■-g ss^/, '!_.-. - ; '»' ; , , , *
ft —regularly 25c each ->--==-d^ Printed L An aborted lot of*
* -for to-day 13g " #_31V««_ lUt 100 pieces of *
ft ' L*SWWSS». Fancy Printed Lawns — V
ft _  lappet weaves — medium colorings — desir- *
ft Special Wednesday Only. able for warm weather garments, such as *
£ £2B*f*tnnne* Heavy quality I suits ' waists . etc.— actual value 10c yard *■
ft reWOnn m Greto _'_ £ __ 32 _ for day only 6g %
ft Draperies, inches wide- . ■ : — •*
ft copies of velvet designs an ideal fabric Special Wednesday Only. *'
ft for bedroom draperies, bed comforters !#«/-. Imported Hair Brushes, like
* and covers, cushion tops. etc. regularly ; "*»** _ • picture-stiff, genu- %
* 12* c yard-to-day only for.. 8c BrUSIICS. me bristles -solid ?
ft ! j hardwood *
ft Special Wednesday Only. \ backs— a g ~^gf J J
** ■ '■:■:■ I conveni- n~7rrf' "' C ~__r_-_- J
_ 25c Hose _ Lad Im^°fJ ed | entiy wfiWiwm i
ft fnaa m— ? eal Maco Lotton i shaped, -«^-_U-___^i]____y J.
£ J, 0 , 1 * Cm . . H °, Se r^ rmS , d ° _ well-made, durable 50c brush-to-day*
* black — high-spliced heel, double sole and | f or>>#i r-^ _ 23c *
{ Improved toe— narrow drop stitch — our I "" " ••• «
J regular 25c quality for this day only- j . Special All This Week *
ft per pair 17 G I r V - * «♦'
ft — Groceries. . .211 bos of Su ar *.
J Special Wednesday Only. LjqUOrS. the _J_g? quantity S.
* __>^^*^y t _^^f>A*^C^^^ i^v ever offered in this State. See Sugar
__ f^\' _s^?^A^A_Viet XC- jSfi k^V items at to P of this announcement. J
* |-y. \^'^^**>_-^_f~v N iv'' These are the other specials for this J
ft f^^^^^^^;^ JtxJ? week. Only the best groceries find shelf-*
J >£ , / ! room in this store. *
ft Tnißa-t Violets de Nice— a choice I Fa \ c y. Maine Sweet Corn— there Ms *
ft KUIH&a import ed Toilet Soap-rich- , none better-regularly 13c can... ...#Oc *
ft Soap, ly scented-three cakes- j Spider Leg Tea-our 60c lb quality... J
£ handsomely boxed— on sale 'to-day only— •••••••""•";•■•"••••• ............4Sc -
£ the three cakes /_?C .I* Courts Mushrooms-1-lb tms-reg- J
J ___________ j ularly 25c — f0r..., /_?c *
j. *^i" - '-■'• 'r tj^ . . /o ; Seville's Fancy Queen Olives lB-oz *
J , Special Wednesday Only. bottles-regularly 30c each 25c*
ft || r V__iM- v c Pine 75 0 10260 Good Zinfandel Table Wine— regularly *
J IMGn 9 ■ rinc . Handsome ! 75c gallon for 50C *
ft SUSpentierS. Suspenders— j Old Crow Bourbon— spring of '89—*
* strong elastic webs — in pleasing patterns, • regularly $5 gallon — for $3.75; or ajj
_ with stout-stitched leather ends in colors I full quart, $1.35; bottle for $1. 2
£ to match webbing — handsome metal j Tom Gin — our own bottling money «
ft mountings brand new 35c suspenders i back if it fails to please you regularly
ft to-day for 18g ! 90c bottle — special for 72g *
fc __-__*-.-._._-_._._._-_._._-_-_._._._.___._._, ______ _____*
could not have placed the money inside [
his stockings, and a dramatic scene was j
enacted in the courtroom when Piggott |
was placed on the stand to prove this
claim. He was handed five twenties and
the jury, court and spectators were
treated to the sight of Piggott dropping
twenties into his waistband, then dane- i
ing around until they fell out on the floor. |
Then Piggott placed the twenties under j
the waistband of his underclothes, hopped
around some more and pulled his trous
ers* legs over his knees to let whoever
would inspect.
An examination showed that the' twen- ;
ties were stopped by his garters. The I
garters were removed and the yellow
pieces were again stopped In their down- j
ward course by the prisoner's shoetops.
Piggott also gave the jury his version of i
the affair on the car. but his testimony j
apparently carried little weight.
The case was not concluded until 10:15 .
o'clock last evening. The jury was out
less than fifteen minutes and then re- ;
turned to have the testimony of Henrioulle
read to them again. They then repaired i
to the jury room but remained there only ;
long enough to sign their,, verdict. The
jury was. polled and all affirmed that they
had agreed on the verdict rendered. At
torney Collins excepted to the verdict and
will move for a new trial. Judge Cook
announced that he would sentence the
prisoner Saturday. Childs" trial is set for
Wednesday, April 19. <-:.-
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh St.. corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
Were Wedded Quietly.
The wedding of Miss Bessie Bathurst
Brooks and George Rosekrans- was sol
emnized yesterday by the Rev. S. S. Cry
or. The ceremony was delightfully sim
ple and was not a surprise to the friends
of the young couple. Immediately after
the rite the bride and groom left on their
honeymoon trip, and when they return
a reception will be held in their honor.
The bride is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Harrison Brooks.
56
ds/ jj <-£££W<_Tsdl
WEDNESDAY APRIL 12, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S.F.
Telephone Main IS6S. i
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including. Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday .all), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL Including Sunday Call). 3 months I.SO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50.
WEEKLY CALL, One Year '..... LOO
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
A-ffTJSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Robin Hood."
("rand Opera "Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcaiar — "Humbug."
Tivoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Chutes Zoo and ■ Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Grand Opera House— Saver Recitals. Wednesday afternoon,
April IS.
("entral Park— The Steeplechase,
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Association Auditorium— Concert, Friday evening.
Metropolitan Temple— Pictures, Monday, April 1".
OAKLAND OFFICE ". 908 Broadway
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Trey & Co.— Wednesday. April 12, at 2 and 8 p. m.,
at 88 Gear} st . Chinese and Japanese goods.
•By A. V. Louderback— Thursuuy. April IS, at 10:30 a. m.
and z:SQ p. m. . at :..'' Ut-ary st.. 1;;;,:-
GOVERNOR GAGE'S APPOINTMENTS.
IT is safe to say that if Governor Gage manipulates
the patronage within his control upon the lines
which have been laid down for him by some of his
admirers' and supporters he will dispose of the Repub
lican party in a manner at once summary and effec
tive, it is not necessary at this time to recapitulate
the appointments foreshadowed by the Governor's
"friends." He said in an interview at Los Angeles
the other day that it would be difficult for him to get
down to the "newspaper level" upon any proposition.
But if he adopts the course which. the Burns touts
have laid out for him with respect to patronage he will
descend far below the "newspaper level," if not reach
the level of the slums.
Among the things which the Governor is alleged
to have in contemplation is the removal of Health In
spector Dockery. It i- said that this official is to be
dismissed in order that a place may be made for an
Assemblyman named Devoto, a Sixth-street saloon
keeper, who supported. Dan Bums throughout the
late Senatorial contest.
Dockery is one of the few men who during recent
years have endeavored in this city to discharge their
full duty to the public. Under his direction. the pure
food department of the Health Board has become a
really useful bureau. He has scattered the food adul
terators to the four winds, and has practically com
pelled the milkmen of this city to supply their cus
tomers with pure milk. Several attempts have been
made heretofore to remove him, but in every case
they have come to grief, solely because his record as
an official was too strong to be overlooked. If Gov
ernor Gage shall now supplant him with the pro
prietor of a Sixth-street grogshop he will certainly
take a long step toward getting below the "news
paper level."
The Republican party is not, moreover, in a con
dition to stand much of this sort of business. It al
ready has what is known among politicians as a
"black eye" in connection with the Senatorship, and
the rank and file of the party will not stand the adop
tion of any such political course as Governor Gage's'
fticnds among the Burns machine have prepared for
him.
The Governor is under obligations to the people of
San Francisco for his position. If he forces upon
them a machine Registrar, a machine water-front ad
ministration, a machine Health Board, to say noth
ing of a machine Labor Commissioner, they will cer
tainly resent his conduct at the next election. The
distinction of being a stanch friend of Dan Burns
will be nothing to the distinction which history will
heap upon him as being the wrecker of the Repub
lican party.
THE DEf-ITTi OF TABOR:
WITH the passing of ex-Senator Tabor o^Colo
rado the West has lost one of its most unique
figures, the Centennial State its greatest bene
factor.
The story of Tabor's sudden accession to wealth
reads like a story from the Arabian Nights. A poor
storekeeper in the almost deserted town of Gro, he
"grubstaked" a poorer cobbler, ignorant of mining.
The luck of fools and tenderfcet is proverbial, and
August Rische proved no exception to the rule. He
struck the Little Pittsburg and made himself and
Tabor. Right there the strength of character of the
storekeeper showed. While Rische began at once
to see how much fun he could get for his money,
Tabor pressed his luck. He went in for "grub
stakes" and more mines and had more luck.
Everything he touched became money. The "old
man," as he was called, was immediately surrounded
by sycophants, who, every other means failing to turn
his head, tried to make him believe that a great po
litical future was in store for him. For a time they
made him believe it, but that time was short, being
only the thirty days he served as an appointed
Senator, which short term became famous only
through the story of a $250 nightshirt that never was.
Later he was gratified with election to the position of
Lieutenant Governor, but his failure in that position
was so conspicuous, even to himself, that Tabor was
quite cured of political ambition.
While he may have been foolish politically, it. is
agreed on all sides that he was not ungrateful to the
State of Colorado for the riches he had taken from her
hills. As best he could and as quickly he sought to
repay. An opera-house in Denver which to this
day is a model for its kind, was one of his first works.
Numerous other buildings in the city, the pioneers in
modern architecture in the West, were erected at his
will. He was the head and front, with purse and in
fluence, in every, public movement as long as his
money lasted. He was a poor manager, and the end
came five years ago. Then he was forgotten until re
cently President McKinley, finding him in poverty,
making a last struggle to regain the place he had
lost, appointed him postmaster at Denver.
How has Colorado remembered such a benefactor?
Has she named a town after him or a public park or
a schoolhouse, or even one little street? . Not that the
records show. The Centennial State had almost for
gotten Tabor until his death. Maybe she will place a
ton of marble on his chest and yet call him blessed.
THE SflMOflN SITUATION.
SAMOA has caused trouble and discussion in the
world out of proportion to its size and impor
tance. The natives are among the finest of the
Polynesian people, ranking with the Maories and
Kanakas in physical presence and power and in in
tellect,. The natural tropical productions of the
islands supplied their wants without labor, and instead
of the diseases of civilization keeping their population
within the bounds "of this natural food supply, the peo
ple accomplished the same end by restricting their
meat diet to the consumption of enemies killed or
captured in war.
Christian civilization found them out at last, and
by prompt introduction of the loathsome diseases,
which are among its gifts to aborigines everywhere,
put an end to cannibalism not only by reducing the
population through sickness, but also by making the
survivors non-edible.
After this part of the. white man's burden had been
assumed and the Samoan soul had been put in the way
of salvation, there arose a desire to occupy, possess
and own the Samoan's lands. During Grant's ad
ministration an ambitious American special Consul
taught our people pet names for the islands and was
sure the republic could not survive unless they were
annexed. However, manifest destiny was not as al
luring then as now, and the natives were left alone
tc the exterminating influences of the pestilences we
had bestowed upon them.
During Mr. Cleveland's first administration the
Samoan consulship was given to a San Franciscan,
who found it slow business watching copra dry in the
sun and brought on a fight between Mataafa and
Malietoa, rivals for the kingship. His description
of leading his king out and taking him by his shell
collar and gee string, while the German Consul did
the same by the king favored of Germany, and knock
ing the two royal persons together to get them to
fight, is one of the most amusing things in our con
sular history.
This Consul thereafter ran up the flag over the
royal palace in Apia and proclaimed an American
protectorate. But, as he neglected to "nail the flag"
to the island, it was hauled down and he was called
home.
During the Harrison administration this country
invited England and Germany to assist it in the super
national task of bestowing good government upon
Samoa, the difficulties being such that only the three
strongest nations in the world could meet them.
Ever since then Samoa has had probably the worst
government ever known. The rights of the natives
have been trampled under foot.- The foreign resi
dents have jangled and backbitten each other, and
the old cannibal days have seemed like a dream of
peace compared to the turmoil and tension resulting
fiom three little men governing an afflicted people for
three big nations.
Out of this partnership of folly may issue trouble
with Germany. It is claimed that England and the
United States have violated the treaty of Berlin, in
which the partnership of the three nations was ar
ranged. It is rather remarkable that England en
couraged Admiral Kautz to bombard the bamboo
shacks of the natives and disregard the protests of
the representative of Germany. But, though we may
have been pulling international chestnuts out of the
fire for Great Britain, we must go ahead and fight
our German partner if we have to. It is part of the
white man's burden. The entire Samoan group and
all that grows there is not worth enough to pay de
cent interest on the damage to American commerce
that would follow a declaration of war against Ger
many and would fall before a blow has been struck.
Yet we are now face to face with the possibility of
such a war, and it may be noticed that England is in
a position to stay at peace and let us fight it out, with
no more serious contribution to our welfare than her
highly valued and veteran "moral support."
THE TAXPAYERS' BURDEN.
MR. JOHN J. VALENTINE, the tax
shirker of the .We,lls-Fargo Express Com
pany, having arranged for shifting the white
man's burden of taxation from himself and his com
pany to the shoulders of the general public, has
turned his pious thoughts to the brown men of the
Orient and finds cause to mourn.
In an article about as long-winded as a hypocrite's
prayer he set forth his views of the conditions of the
Malay laborers in the tropics and succeeded in get
ting it passed through the press of an evening paper
by means unknown to the public. Possibly it was by
some trick of legerdemain, a mutual interchange of
pass and repass between the parties to the play but
that'is a minor matter. The main thing is: Mr. Val
entine desires the people should know that he is
weeping over the brown man's burden.
It appears from his article that Mr. Valentine is
sadly grieved because the "cowed and patient Malays,
working under the harsh supervision of agents, pro
duce wealth, that is rightfully theirs because earned by
them on lands which have been wrested and tricked
from them," only to see that wealth carried off by
foreigners. Such grief for such a cause is undoubt
edly philanthropical, but what does the weeping Mr.
Valentine think of Americans who produce wealth
only to see it tricked from them by the tax-shirking
corporation of which he is the most conspicuous or
nament?
The burden of taxation imposed upon the people
of the United States for the purpose of raising a war
revenue would not be onerous to any if all bore their
due shar,e of it, but when rich corporations shift their
share upon others the burden becomes heavy upon
those on whom it falls and is the more irritating be
cause the unwilling bearer knows it has been imposed
upon him by the tricks and frauds of unpatriotic
shirkers of public duty.
Again and again the courts have declared that the
tax imposed upon the business of express companies
by the war revenue act must be paid by the compa
nies, that it is the duty of their agents to affix the
revenue stamps the law requires. These declarations
have been made in many States and by many authori
ties. Still Mr. Valentine refuses to obey and fights
for time. Every day of delay gives him that much
longer in which to levy tribute upon the public, and
he avails himself of it to the utmost.
Clearly the white man', burden of taxation frets
Mr. Valentine only when he cannot shift it upon
some one else. When he can accomplish the shirking
he resumes his show of piety, prepares circulars full*
of scriptural injunctions for his employes at one
time and at another prepares articles on the wrong of
robbing the brown man and passes them along.
The brown man of the Orient need not be grateful
to his unexpected champion. Mr. Valentine mourns
for the lot of the Malay only because he has no share
in the spoils. If the fortunes of war and imperialism
bring the suffering laborers of the Orient under the
domination of the Wells-Fargo Company Mr. Valen
tine would skin them alive.
If Italy insists upon having a port in China it would
pay the Empress to call in old Menelek of Abyssinia
to act as arbitrator.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APEIL 12, 1899
PURCHASING SENATORSHIPS.
IT seems that so long as the purchase of United
States Senatorships was confined to respectable
politicians, distinguished soldiers and statesmen
and public spirited millionaires, the practice of putting
them up and knocking them down to the highest bid
der did not arouse much resentment among the peo
ple. But for some time a low, disreputable class of
boodlers have been emboldened by the example of
their betters to make bids. The deadlocks throughout
the country and the adjournments of Legislatures
without election are, it is affirmed by intelligent
authority, the result of attempts to secure the toga by
men entirely unworthy to aspire to it.
The cases of Addicks in Delaware, Quay in Penn
sylvania and Burns in California point the moral
which adorns this tale. Addicks is a Republican mil
lionaire politician, and for six years he has been try
ing to "bribe the Delaware Legislature to give him the
Senatorship. A few days before the late General As
sembly adjourned three Democrats, one Senator and
two Assemblymen, voted for Addicks. There is so
little question that they were paid to do so that all
the people of Delaware have assumed such to be the
fact. The president pro tern, of the Senate struck the
name of the Senator off all the committees to which
he had been appointed, and the Assemblymen were
ostracized by their colleagues, irrespective of party.
Everywhere the three men go they are pointed out as
boodlers and denounced as having sold themselves to
Addicks. There was some difficulty, in fact, at one
time in protecting them from the wrath of a mob
which had assembled about the Capitol to lynch
them.
In Pennsylvania Quay has held the Senatorship
for two terms, with the effect of arousing an opposi
tion in his own party which bids fair to defeat him.
Quay's methods are the methods of a practical, un
scrupulous politician. He is the type of men who
are everywhere dragging the Government down to
the level of the slums, and to whose efforts to achieve
power the historians of the American republic will
attribute the results which the historians of Rome at
tributed to the Praetorian guard.
Nothing need be said of the Burns campaign in
California. All its details are still familiar to our peo
ple. The important question is, however, how are the
aspirations of the corrupt politicians who are now
aspiring to the Federal Senate throughout the coun
try to be permanently thwarted? If this class of men
arc permitted to continue their purchases of Senator
ships, in the course of time the great historic upper
house of Congress will become nothing more or less
than a refuge for vulgar millionaires and political
boodlers. The degradation which presages' the de
cline of its influence has already begun to appear in
the contempt which all classes of people feel for some
of its members.
0N INTERESTING EXPERIMENT.
NO legislative act of the past winter has attracted
more general attention than that of the Legis
lature of Michigan authorizing the city of De
troit to acquire the ownership of street railroads
within municipal limits and operate them as public
works. The experiment is certainly to be watched
with more than ordinary interest by the people of
every city large enough to have a considerable street
railway system. . . . •
While the municipal operation of street railways is
common enough in Europe, it has never been at
tempted on any notable scale in this country. What
is to be undertaken at Detroit is therefore a radically
new departure in American municipal administration
and will afford something like an effective test of the
policy of governmental control of public utilities of
which we have heard so much in the way of theoreti
cal discussion in recent years.
The Michigan law provides that the negotiations
for the purchase of existing lines and the arrangement
of details for operating them shall be intrusted to a
commission of three persons, to be designated by the
City Council, and that body has chosen Governor
I'ingree and two associates friendly to the plan to
carry out the work. The commission has large powers,
lCis required to report to the Council the price it is
proposed to pay for the street railways, to make an
nual reports of receipts and expenditures, to hold
books and accounts open to inspection by local
legislative authority, and is forbidden to incur any
debts whatever in operating the roads, but otherwise
its action is untrammeled.
Virtually the commission is an independent body
charged with' the sole function of operating street
railways in the interests of the community. It must
file the annual reports stated, and its accounts must
be public, but it can act in freedom and of its own
initiative, being subject in no way to the Council or
the Mayor. It is not responsible to any one even
for the amount it pays for the roads, the Legislature
having authorized it to issue bonds of the city for the
amount required — a sum estimated variously from
$12,000,000 to $17,000,000.
The undertaking is in every respect a Pingree
measure. It remains to be seen with what success he
will be able to carry it- out. The sentiment in favor
of municipal control of all local public utilities is al
ready, strong in the country, and if the Detroit ex
periment prove successful, corporations monopolizing
such utilities in other cities will have to be more
careful of the rights of the public than they have been,
as otherwise they may be forced to give up the busi
ness.
_________________________
One of the leading newspapers of Berlin announces,
with Teutonic frankness, that Emperor William is
greatly displeased with the conduct of Admiral
Kautz at Samoa, and that the German Government
will secure from America adequate satisfaction for
the moral interests of the German empire. Em
peror William is perhaps aware that Uncle Sam is
drifting into the habit of sending satisfaction to the
finicky honor of nations through a cannon mouth.
— ■ ■■ - ••■ ■»■■ ■ ■ —
A London dispatch insinuates that two wily investi
gators have attempted, in the service of Americans, to
discover the secret of the construction of the English
; yacht Shamrock, with which the English hope to win
back the America cup. Experience has taught Ameri
can yachtsmen that English yachtsmen have no se
crets worth stealing.
Governor Roosevelt is becoming surprisingly can
! did. Without any necessary provocation he admits
! that he is a cog in a political machine, but such a cog
as will smash the machine if it works not to his
; liking. It is barely possible that the Governor of
New York is deluded by the belief that the tail can
yet move the dog.
»
The dispatches announce that U. S. Grant 111 has
been badly battered in a street fight at Highland
j Falls. The row wasn't a circumstance to that from
which U. S. Grant II recently emerged at • Sacra
mento.
There is impending a cream of Tartar uprising in
I Kasan, wherever that may be. Smokeless baking
i powder will probably be used
THE GOVERNOR DENOUNCED
The Paso Robles Recprd.
The Governor's failure to sign the bill to reimburse Claus Spreckels
" for the amount of money he so readily advanced to assist in relief work
last fall has caused a shudder of disgust to his (former) constituents and
others alike. It is only necessary to broach the subject to call forth a
bitter denunciation of such a policy. When the thought of asking for
relief came to the. people the thought was where and how to get it.
The Legislature was not. in session and Governor Budd was power
less to render public aid, but he immediately set to work and found a
beneficent man, Claus Spreckels, who said he would advance the money
to aid the sufferers.
' "The glad. news soon spread and "God bless Claus Spreckels" went
up from the sufferers. Imagine their Indignation when informed that
the man occupying the exalted position as Governor of the State should
not only refuse to sign the bill appropriating the money advanced, but
should reply in a taunting manner to a communication sent him (this
Governor) regarding his disposition of the bill when the time limit for
making the bill a law had almost expired.
What manner of man is this "mysterious" Governor Gage to so treat
the people's benefactor? It is little wonder that expressions of bitter
indignation are frequent when the thought that the provider of those
precious bales of hay "has been thus treated by one occupying the ex
alted position as Governor of the State of California. Did many of these
people shout for Gage and vote for him during the campaign of a few
months ago? Yes, but not to be thus disappointed without the free ex
pression of their thoughts concerning such action. The people believed
they had elevated a man to the exalted position to which he aspired
who was too broad-minded to drag a charitable act into politics. But
lo! they are doomed to disappointment.
The bill has been lost by the pocket veto system. Claus Spreckels
will not miss the eleven or twelve thousand dollars, but the Governor
has shown his hand to the people of California!
NO CHANGE HAS
TAKEN PLACE IN
THE SEASONS
An Average Rainfall
Is Maintained.
THE PROBLEM OF IRRIGATION
SUBJECT IS DISCUSSED BEFORE
BOARD OF TRADE.
Pumping Plant System Finds Favor
. With Authorities Over Present
7" ithod of Taking Water
From Streams.
The climate of California has undergone
no change,' and is undergoing none. The
average rainfall, taking years in groups
and not singly, has shown no diminution
ln the past fifty years. This was the dic
tum laid down at a meeting of the State
Board of Trade yesterday by men who
have made a part of their life work the
study of conditions which have a bearing
on the farming industry of the State.
Their deduction is that the' potency of the
forces that are at work to produce rain
are the same now as in the past, and that
they will continue in effectiveness.
The discussion as to existing conditions
in California was opened by W. H. Mills.
From a recently compiled chart he showed
the rainfall for half a century, declaring
that it was not quantity, but distribution,
which had the most beneficent effect upon
field culture. It was best to have general
rain. It should, properly, be light in Octo
ber and heavy in November. There should
be none in December or January, and then
light rains Into May. According to sta
tistics, January 10 marks tin- middle of tho
season, the rainfall up to that time being
usually one-half that for the winter. Mr.
Mills dilated upon the benefits to be de
rived from irrigation as an adjunct to the
rainfall. On this he said:
Fruit raising, vine growing and small
farming in California will depend for
their success in a very great measure
J upon the artificial application of water.
These applications have proven prof
itable and will continue to be so under
favorable conditions without irriga
tion; but they are far more profitable
with it. Every orchardist and vlne
yardist ought also to be a gardener,
and, in order to diversify the products
of the land, irrigation must be resorted
to. Clover, berries, gardens, orchards .
and vineyards should be found on. the
same holdings and should occupy the
attention of the cultivator of the soil
in their various seasons. This diversity
would in a measure equalize the de
mand for labor throughout the year
and greatly improve the labor condi
tions. Irrigation will enable the or
chardlst and vlneyardist to supply his
table with poultry, eggs, milk, butter,'
vegetables and fruits, and thus confer
upon his holding its first and para
mount duty of affording him a com
plete subsistence. The problem of liv
ing having been solved,* the question
of profit would become more certain
and, happily, less important. The an
cient methods of irrigation will be su
perseded by modern and more econom
ic methods. This revolution will be
referable to the cheapening of mechan
ical power and the increased efficiency
of pumping machinery. Under the old
method a main canal carrying water
at an elevation to lay a certain district
under Irrigation was necessary. Its
construction and maintenance were
costly, while the application of water
to lateral ditches was also costly and
unsatisfactory. A gravity supply of
water can be passed over a surface
where the decline is constant. There
are no lands sufficiently level to make
more than 60 per cent of their surfaces
subject to irrigation from any point of
elevation in their vicinity.
Naphtha or gasoline engines have
furnished a very cheap power for
pumping, "-While improvements in
pumps have made their use far more
economic than the application of
water by more primitive and crude
method of ditches. Of course, the
water must be brought to a point from
which it may be pumped economically,
and this can be done In three ways
first, by a main canal, which Is tapped
only with the suction of pumps. Such
a canal would cost less and would be
more permanent in its construction,
because it would not be constructed
with reference to supplying water to
laterals. Second, by the use of the
channels of living streams. For the
most part the irrigable lands of Cali
fornia are accessible to streams. Third,
by the sinking of wells. Concerning
the latter, lt should be noted that an
Irrigated country soon fills with water,
and wells In such a country afford an
ample supply for such portions of land
holdings as need irrigation. The eco
nomic use of the pump is also greatly
reinforced by the facility with which
In modern times electrical power Is
transmitted at cheap rates. Some
practical experiments In pumping were
made in various parts of the State
during the drought season of 189 S. It
is stated, on seemingly reliable au
thority, that there are not far from
2000 irrigation pumps in operation in the
county of Santa Clara alone. For the
most part these are using wells, and
their use has proven beneficial and
economical.
Regarding the use, of irrigation sup
plemental to the rainfall In Santa Clara
! County, the following was volunteered*
; "Many of the orchards of twenty acre
have their own pumping plants. Some ten
acre orchards have a plant and sell water
also to neighbors. Most of the larger
plants are so arranged that they also
sell water to adjoining orchards, and by
this system, which Is now pretty' well
developed, owing to the drought of last
year, the principal orchard district of
Santa Clara County is pretty well pro
tected in the way of Irrigation."
I. H. Thomas of Vlsalia, Tulare County
> contributed to the discussion the follow
ing statement as to the advantages de
rived from irrigation by use of a pumping
plant By at em. He said:
There are many advantages to be
gained by the pumping plant system
over the system of taking water
from the streams, one of which is box
ing the water under your control at
the time you need it; another is that
the water is free of the various seeds
that spread over your land from chan
nel irrigation, thereby making the
expense less in keeping the land in
good condition for the growing crops.
me of the greatest advantages with
the orchardlst is a preventative in the
shape of a severe frost. The object
lessons of the past winter in this
seclton are indisputable. Where late
irrigation and winter irrigation was
followed with good cultivation the cit
rus and deciduous orchards stood the
temperature without damage, jg while
adjoining lands, which were dry and
uncultivated, were badly Injured at a
temperature of 22 to 28. With pumping
plant ready and the temperature at
the freezing point, by filling the
ditches through the night from wells
with water at 65 degrees, it would
raise the temperature several degrees
In the orchard and in many instances
save a fruit crop that would other
wise have been destroyed by the frost.
The difference between the tempera-'
ture of the water and the frost at the
killing point, 28 degrees, is about 37
degrees. Thus it will be seen that
the atmospheric temperature would be
raised sufficiently by the temperature
of the water to save the fruit.
In his advocacy of the pumping plant
system Mr. Mills expressed the belief that
San Joaquin Valley would not be hab
itable if Irrigated by the old system
throughout its length and breadth. He
said extensive Irrigation by ditches means
a swamp district in which is found ther
mal fever and malaria.
Irrigation, he said, fertilizes the soil
and at the same time equalizes the ter
n! perature. It gives to the land plant food
when water is pumped out of a river
where it has kccumulated. In this way
the land never deteriorates, but is en
riched
Colonel John P. Irish told of the im
portance which drainage had attained at
Fresno. From long continued irrigation
the land is full of water and is commen
cing to fill the low places. This water, he
thought, should be drained off, to be used
again. He called upon Arthur Briggs of
Fresno for his views. ,
Mr. Briggs first controverted the state
ment made by -Mr. Mills that a series of
irrigation ditches would produce disease.
He said irrigation and drainage
hand in hand. On the east side of Fresno
County the old irrigation ditches of ten
years * ago are being used to draw off
the water. He believed small pumping
plants could be introduced which would
pump water from the- ditches cheaper
and tetter than by running It off through
laterals. Water should not be used more
than once, as it develops alkali in too
large quantities. To prevent this it
should be carried away through the earth
to be saturated again with fertilizing ma
terial. il is people irrigate one year in
advance to aid nature and to provide
against a possible drought. Early irri
gation with cold water checks growth, as
it chills plants and trees.
Mrs. Elizabeth Shields of Sacramento
told briefly of the system of irrigation
on Feather River and said that the pump
ing system would be tried.
Among the members present were: Gen
eral N. P. Chipman, George C. Perkins, J.
S. Em*ry. Craigie Sharp, Mrs. Elizabeth
Shields, E. W. Runyan. W. H. Mills,
Colonel John P. Irish, W. Frank Pierce,
Mark L. McDonald, George T. Trow
bridge, R. W. Maslin, I. H. Thomas and
C. F. Montgomery.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. M. Davis, a merchant of Coos Bay,
is at the Russ.
Edward F. Seorles left for the East on i
last evening's overland train. '
B. F. Hartley and D. M. Clough. min
ing men of Auburn, are late arrivals at
the Grand.
M. M. Potter, proprietor of the Hotel
Van Nuys at Los Angeles, is registered
at the Palace. : '■
Robert -Benson, a State Senator of Du
buque, lowa, is registered at the Occi
dental with his wife.
Colonel S. M. Mills, U. S. A., Is at the
Occidental with his family and will short
ly proceed to Honolulu.
A. L. Cuesta, one of the largest manu
facturers of tobacco in the United States,
is registered at the Palace from Tampa,
PI a.
Joseph Kirkpa trick of Palmer, Mich.,
is visiting his nephew, Manager Kirkpat
rick of the Palace, and is accompanied by
his wife. ... "
Amos Burr left yesterday for Reno,
Nev., on business connected with the pas
senger department of the New York Cen
tral lines. V- -.-;-' '*'
Thomas O. Toland of Ventura and
Alex Brown of Milton, members of the
State Board of Equalization, are regis
tered at the Lick.
C.W. Sieberllng, who Is engaged In the
manufacture of farming implements and
owns flour mills in Akron, Ohio, Is stay
ing at the California.
L. D. Hammond, an attorney of • Chi
cago; Frank M. Buck, a Yacaville bank
er; E. W. Runyon, a banker of Red Bluff,
and Bradner W. Lee of Los Angeles are
among the arrivals at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 11.— At the Great
Northern: W. Avery, W. Delaney, H.
Windt, San Francisco; H. B. "Wall. L. Ja
coby, J. J. Jeffries, Los Angeles; J. E.
S/nyth, Pasadena. At the Windsor: T.
Bassett, T. Johnson, Los Angeles. At the
Grace: S. L. Hill, E. H. Jorner, Mrs. and
Miss Torrer, Los Angeles. At the Wyom
ing: C. E. Wilson, San Francisco. At
the Palmer: S. C. Pemberton, Oakland.
At the Sherman: J. C. King, Pasadena;
F. S. -leaser; Sacramento. At the Audi
torium: F. W. 'Bradley, San Francisco.
At the. Briggs: E. H. Thompson, San
Francisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, April ...—Dr. W. H. Mays
and family and K. H. Mays, of San Fran
cisco, are at the Marlborough. E. C. irv
ing of San Francisco Is at the Imperial.
Addressed by Mr. Valentine.
J. J. Valentine will speak this evening
before Liberty Branch of the Socialist
Labor party at the Turk-street Temple,
117 Turk street. Subject, "Benevolent As
similation of the Filipinos. "
CALIFORNIA
OIL TO ENTER
ASIATIC MARTS
Pittsburg Firm to En
ter the Local Field.
BIG REFINERY IN FRESNO
EMERY'S AGENTS EN ROUTE TO
THE SOUTHERN WELLS.
With a Big Refining Station on Thif
Coast the State Could Con
trol the Trans-Pacific
Market.
L. E. Mallory and W. M. Graham,
members of the Emery Refining Com
-1 pany, one of the largest oil producing
• firms of Pennsylvania, are registered at
the Palace from Pittsburg.
They have not come out to California
. on a pleasure trip, but as a matter of
j good solid business, which, if it is con
: summated, opens up a brilliant future
for this State's budding industry..
The primary attraction that has
brought them here is the oil wells in the
Fresno and Santa Barbara regions. The
development work done in those sections
the last year has opened up hundreds
of good producing wells, but it has not
opened up a profitable market for the
crude product. Nearly all of it must be
shipped East for refining, and the long
haul plays havoc with the margin. It
| is the intention of the Emerya to estab
i lish one refinery, and possibly more, in
| the southern fields for the purpose of
j refining the oil here and extracting its
! by-products to meet the rapidly grow
: ing demand. California ofls refined here
I ln the State would in a short time con
trol the Asiatic and Hawaiian markets,
as there would be no heavy transconti
nental frieght chargeable against them,
and they could be sold at a less price
j than the products of Eastern refineries.
If the Emery people carry out their
plan it is their intention to "ay particu
lar attention to the extraction of gaso
line.
"There is a marvelous demand grow
ing in the Hawaiian Islands," said Mr.
Mallory yesterday, "for American oils
and particularly for gasoline. There are
big pumping stations on nearly all of
the sugar plantations and gasoline en
gines are generally used. '. . . ' :
"The Anglicizing of the Orient is al
ready having its effect on our business.
The demand for coal oils, so called, and
all of the by-products of petroleum, is
increasing rapidly. To make the largest
margin of profit from trans-Pacific trade
we must establish ' refineries in this
State, which nature has generously en
dowed with a very high grade of oil.
There Is no reason why California should
not control the Asiatic market as well as
that of Hawaii. I do not care to go into
our move fully until we have made a
j tour of the southern fields and see what
are the conditions that we must meet."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AT NEGROS ISLAND— A. S., City. It
was the First Battalion, First California
Volunteers, that landed at Negro. Island
under Colonel James F. Smith. The com
panies of the battalion were A, B, E
and H.
THE PRESIDENT— S. W.. Berkeley,
Cal. There. is not anything in the consti
tution of the United States "nor in the
statutes at large which says that the
President of the United States may not
leave the United States during his term
of office.
MIDWINTER FAIR — H. H.. City.
Ground for the Midwinter Fair in Golden
Gate Park, San Francisco, was broken
on the 24th of August. 1893. The fair was
opened January 27. 1894. and was officially
closed July 4, following.
CERAMICS— D. H. W., City. It would
be impossible to fix the date of Chinese
ceramics that have upon them figures of
Chinese without queue, but it is' anterior
to 1684, at which time the first Emperor
of the present dynasty compelled the
common people to shave the head and
wear a queue. .--'. ; '
CaL glace fruit 50c per fb at Townsend's.*
Floral and plain crepe tissue paper,
flowers and lamp shades, cheap, at San
born & Vail's, 741 Market street. *
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), Elo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
She— you believe that men and
women will ever have equal rights in this
country?
He— No, I don't believe the time will
ever come when one man will be per
mitted to occupy room enough for two in
a streetcar, without a row.— Cleveland
Leader.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
"Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a. week: 3*. days to Chicago, 4*4
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Pull particulars at 623 Mar
ket street. ' •
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only 160 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at
hotel;, longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at . New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Fair American— How do you like our
country.
Literary Foreigner— am delighted with
lt! ■ • ;,-""<ft '^.y...:e.:f-
Fair American— you are not going
to write a book about us?— Chicago
Tribune.
'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The . slight cough may
; soon become deep-seated and
hard to cure. Do not let it
settle on the lungs.
Think! Has there been
consumption in your family?
Scott's Emulsion is Cod-
liver oil with hypophos-
phites. y These are the best
; remedies for a cough.
Scott's Emulsion has saved
: thousands who, neglecting
the cough, would have drift-
ed on until past hope. It
warms, soothes, strengthens
and invigorates.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNL, Chemists* New Ystfc.MUTINY BREAKS
OUT ON THE
MORGAN CITY
Fireman Knocks the
Captain Down.
DILLON USED A MAUSER RIFLE
FIRST VISIT OF THE CANADIAN
STEAMER TARTAR.
Purser Bucklin Wages War on the
Filipinos With a Smooth-Bore,
Unaccompanied by Slaugh
ter but by Noise.
The transport Morgan City arrived'
from Manila yesterday after a good pas
sage of twenty-eight days. Strange to
say. tho Irat assistant engineer was in
disgrace, thus making the third consec
utive sport to come in here with
trouble in the engine room.
First Assistant Mears of the Scandia
was under arrest when hat vessel
reach..d port, First Assistant Dyer of
the Arizona was left behind at Manila to
serve a -lays' sent. for mutiny, and
now First Assistant Green of the Morgan
City is In disgrace
The relation: between Chief Engineei
Kelly and First Assistant Green were
strained before the Morgan City left
Manila. When that vessel ached Na
gasaki there was an open rupture, with
the result that Green was relieved from
duty and ordered to his room. Then the
firemen came into the squabble. They
aserted that the food supplied to them
was not good, *and that Green -ot into
trouble with the chief because* he stood
up for their rights. They therefore sided
with the first assistant and fused duty.
Then there was music in the air. Cap
tain Dillon explained to the men that it
was mutiny on the high seas, and told
them plainly what they might expect on
arriving at San Francisco. hen better
counsels prevailed and the firemen went
back to work.
The trouble wns not over, however, .
and one of the firemen is now nursing
v broken head as the result of an en
counter with Captain Dillon. Gus Moore
was one of the ringleaders of the strike,
and on a number of occasions the cap
tain had to admonish him. A couple of
days ago Moure was very insolent and
Captain Dillon ordered him below. The
tinman got furious and jumping for
ward struck the captain on the point
of the Jaw, felling him to the deck. Dil
lon was senseless for a few moments,
but when he got on bis feet again he
was not slow to act. Seizing an old
Mauser rifie, thai was lying on the
deck, by the barrel he used the butt as
v club and knocked Moore down. The
latter's scalp was cut open and he was
badly used up. •id ay when the
Morgan City docked his head was cov
ered with bandages and he was sick and
sore all over.
( if course there is going to be an in
vestigation. Green has complaints to
file not only against the chief engineer
but also against the captain. He ac
cuses the latter of conduct unbecoming
an oifieer of a transport and a gentle
man, but Captain Dillon laughs at the
charges and shows a letter from First
Lieutenant Thomas M. Moody, Twen
tieth Infantry, in charge of the men,
who went to Manila on thi Morgan City,
which thanks Captain Dillon for his
kindness and courtesy to everybody
aboard the transport during the voyage.
There ems to have been a series of
misunderstandings on and about the
Morgan City, lt was generally under
stood that she was to bring the remains
of 450 soldiers here for interment. In
stead of that she only brought the bod
ies of Lieutenants D. D. Alford, James
Mitchell and Ed A. Hailing. In army
circles the remains of the heroic sol
diers were also expected, and when the
Morgan City* passed Alcatraz the fort
began firing the minute guns. Captain
Dillon says it was generally supposed
at Manila that the bodies would be sent
up on the transport, but the order was
countermanded.
Seven discharged soldiers came up on
the Morgan City in charge of Captain
Christy of the Twentieth Kansas. They t
are: Edward Franklin of the Hospital
Corps, Sergeant E. O. Augestine, Private 1
John Short. Private John Clements and :
Sergeant Charles Peare of the Eighteenth i
Infantry, Private John Loftus of the
Twenty-third Infantry and E. A, Ander- !
son of the First North Dakota*.
The Morgan City will be overhauled and ;
rcprovisioned and got ready for a return i
trip to Manila as quickly as possible. She
is sure to be ready by the 2"th inst., but
If lt can be managed she will sail this
day week.
The Canadian Pacific steamship Tartar
arrived yesterday from Vancouver. The
Tartar is from Hongkong and first went
to British Columbia to discharge her
cargo intended for transit hv the Cana
dian Pacific Railway. The Tartar made
the voyage from Hongkong to Vancouver
in thirty-six days, from Kobe in twenty
seven days and from Yokohama In
twenty-five days, while she ran from Co
mox* to this port in seventy-six hours,
She had one orst-class passenger and
sixty-seven Japanese. The Tartar will
dock at Lombard street wharf.
She has a gross tonnage of 4425 and 2768 i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS
BEAUTIFUL _ Q.
I have washed my child's head every week
since birth with warm water and CUTICURA
OOAP, and occasionally rub in a little CUTI-
CURA (ointment), and she has never been
bothered with a raah or any scalp humor pe-
culiar to infants. Now at the age of three and
one-half years her hair Is fine, thick and long,
reaching below her waist when standing erect.
October 8, 1898. MRS. C. GRAHAM,
1087 No. California aye., Chicago, 111.
Luxuriant hair, With clean, wholesome scalp,
Is produced by warm shampoos with CUTI-
CURA SOAP and light dressings with CUTI-
CURA, purest of emollients. This treatment
will clear the scalp and hair of crusts, scales
and dandruff, soothe Irritated and Itching sur-
faces, stimulate the hair follicles, supply the
roots with energy and nourishment.
Sold throughout the world. POTTER D. AND
_. CORP., Sole Props., Boston, "All About
(he Scalf and Hair," free. ]
RETURN OF THE MORGAN CITY.
IT was generally expected that the transport would bring back from Manila the remains of 450 Soldiers
who fell in the Philippines. As the vessel passed up the bay the battery at Alcatraz began firing min
ute guns" and kept it up until the Morgan City was anchored. The transport only brought up the remains
of three lieutenants. Eight discharged soldiers also came up on the vessel.
fonts net, and was built in ISS3 by Aitken
& Mansel in Glasgow. She is 367 feet 5
Inches long, 47 feet 2 inches broad and 30
feet 3 inches deep. She is owned by the
Canadian Pacific Steamship Company,
and purchased by them last year from
the Albion. Steamship Company of South
ampton, England. This Is her first visit
to San Francisco and nearly her entire
inward cargo is for Chinese merchants.
The inability of the steamers coming to
this port to handle all the freight offer
ing in China necessitated the putting on
of the Tartar.
The British ship Dunstaffnage arrived
yesterday from Calcutta in 116 days. She
is laden with Jute and jute bags. The
Dunstaffnage passed Pltcarln Island on
March 5, undjr a fresh southerly wind,
which took her along at a clipping gait.
On January 2?. in latitude 44 degrees south
longitude 1"" degrees east, while in very
heavy weather, an ordinary seaman. God
frey Mackeller, was washed overboard
and drowned. The vessel was hove to, a
boat was lowered and a careful search
was made for the lad's body, but with
out success. The boy was but 19 years
of age.
.The bark John D. Tallant made the
trip from Hakadate to this port in the
remarkable time of twenty-nine days,
having arrived here early yesterday
morning. The captain is quite proud of
his voyage, as it has not been equaled
for many years. The Tallant brought
14.485 mats of sulphur. WftMj
Three vessels containing sugar arrived
from Honolulu yesterday. They are the
barkentine Newsboy, nineteen days; the
schooner Allan A. eighteen days, and the
barkentine W. H. Dimond, sixteen and a
half days.
The British ship Harland. on which 7-l_
per cent reinsurance has been paid, was
spoken yesterday in latitude 1 north lon
gitude 25 west. She was bound from this
port to Liverpool.
Captain John Barnesson has been ap
pointed assistant quartermaster by the
United States Government, and will take
entire charge of the transports from the*
loth inst. Captain Barnesson once com
manded the Arizona. He has been on
shore duty for quite a while attending to
the loading and getting away of the
transports. Some two months ago Cap
tain Barnesson marie a flying trip to
Washington, and It was then understood
along the front that he would on his re
turn succeed Captain Howard, who has
been anxious for some time past to re
linquish the position. »
The Arizona has been painted white,
and will no longer be known by that
name. She is now the Hancock, her new
name having been put on yesterday. She
THEY WERE WED IN
A BOWER OF ROSES
George E* Bennett and Miss Susie F*
Hall Made One in St Stephen's
Church*
AVERT pretty wedding was celebrated in St. Stephen's. Church last
evening. The contracting parties were George E. Bennett of the
firm of C. W. Haseltine & Co. and Miss Susie F. Hall, and the cere
mony was performed by the Rev. E. J. Lion.
A bevy of young ladies under the direction of Mrs. J. M. Hall had
been engaged all day in decorating the Interior of the church, and
the sacred edifice was a veritable bower when the bridal party entered the
building.
Miss Hall was attended by Miss Edith H. Booker as maid of honor and
Miss Jeanette Clabrough and Miss J. May Windham as bridesmaids and Ed
na Bennett and Doris Hutchins as flower girls. The groom was attended by
Dave Ewart. The ushers were: Fred Heywood, Dr. J. Chalfant,. L. H.
Smith and Robert T. Legge. The church was crowded and a shower of con
gratulations poured in- on the happy couple after the ceremony.
Mr. Bennett is well known in San Francisco business circles and has a
host of friends. He was secretary of the Winter Cotillon Club, it was
at one of its dances he met hie wife. Mrs. Bennett was a society belle and
has almost as many friends as her husband. They will spend their honey
moon In the southern part of the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 899.
will be docked at Folsom-street wharf.
The Scandia has been on the drydock
and is now at Pacific-street wharf. The
matter of loading the two transports is
being hurried to enable them to get away
for ' Manila at the appointed time.
The new turntable of the Market-street
Railway system will shortly be in opera
tion, and while the finishing touches are
being put on no teams will be allowed to
cross East street for the next ten days.
They will be either sent down Mission
or Steuart street.
The fight between the sailors and the
ship owners promises speedy development
within the next few days. Sailors are
pretty scarce on the front now. owing to
the large departures for the north of
fishing vessels, and those remaining are
determined that the proposed increase
which has been advertised shall he paid.
The captains of the vessels in port are by
no means pleased at the prospect of pav
ing $30 a month, and it is understood that
this rate will be fought. If such is the
case there will be some interesting de
velopments.
The Christian Endeavorers appeared
before the Harbor Commissioners yester
day and asked for berth privileges so that
they can tie up their launch in which
they visit ships. The Endeavorers ex
plained that they cannot afford to pay
a man to look after the boat. The matter
was referred to the Chief Wharfinger.
The Christian Endeavorers will get a
berth. i
Took the Case Under Advisement.
The case of John Plunk-it, charged with
battery by Mrs. Rebecca Samuels, was
heard by Judge Morgan yesterday. The
allegations made by Mrs. Samuels, as
heretofore published, were controverted
by witnesses for defendant. As there was
a conflict of evidence Judge Mogan took
the matter under advisement. He gave
notice that he would render his decision
on Friday morning.
Kline Is Exonerated.
The charge of felony embezzlement
preferred against Christian Kline, the
San Rafael butcher, by the Marin
County Packers' Association, was dis
missed by Judge Mogan yesterday. The
Judge found that Kline had sunk a for
tune- in the concern, and had purchased
the sheep, the money for which he was
accused of embezzling, with his own
money.
Artists' materials, house and fioorpalnts
and fine bath enamels, cheap, at Sanborn
& Vails, 741 Market street. • \*
WEAVING THE NET
AROUND FOSTER
DISPUTE AS TO THE OWNERSHIP
OF TWO RACE HORSES.
Several Witnesses for the Prosecution
Testify as to Admissions Made
by the Defendant.
The preliminary examination of Fred
Foster, the horseman, charged with ob
taining money by false pretenses by A.
Howard, the Australian plunger, was con
tinued before Judge Conlan yesterday.
C. P. Waterhouse, of the firm of Burns
& Waterhouse, testified to Foster having
purchased the horse Yellow Tail from his
firm for $10,000 and that Howard's name
cut no figure in the transaction. He knew
Foster only.
Charles A. Thorpe, Sl9 Guerrero street,
testified that he had no recollection of
having a conversation with Foster about
the purchase of Yellow Tail. The prose
cution places considerable importance up
on this statement of Thorpe, which will
develop before the case is through.
Edward K. Moffitt, 309 Howard street,
testified that Foster told him he felt the
losses on Howard's horse Yellow Tail
more keenly than Howard because he
had stood sponsor for the horse when
Howard purchased it. Alexander Wilson.
520 Bush street, testified also that .Foster
admitted to him that Howard was out
JSOOO or 39000 on the transaction.
. Cassius Sloan, the jockey, testified that
Foster held out $500 on him which should
have been paid from Howard to him. On
another occasion Poster had assumed ig
norance as to who Howard was.
George Adams, the representative of a
London grain-buying house, testified as to
having seen a written paper in whioh
Foster admitted over his own signature
that the horse belonged to Howard, and
on another occasion Foster had said that
he did not own one hair in the horses'
tails. < ; i .-.■■*-.;.
The examination will be continued this
morning.
POPE LEO XIII
As Seen in the Biograph.
The initial public exhibition of the won
derful series of moving pictures of Pope
Leo XII I will be given at Metropolitan
Temple on Monday, April 17. The pleas
ure of a pilgrimage to Rome, with the
added grace of the Papal benediction,
i will be accorded those present upon the
momentous occasion. The pictures (com
prising 17,000 negatives) were taken re
cently at the "Vatican gardens by the
American Biograph Company. Among
the eminent clergy who. have had an op
portunity to see the pictures are the
j Apostolic Delegate Archbishop Martlnelli,
Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Corrigan,
i Mgr. Conaty of the Catholic University,
I Bishops Donohue and Curtis, Dr. Whit
> ney, president of the Georgetown Uni-
I versity. »
Among other interesting and historic
scenes to be depicted by the biograph
upon this occasion will be a number ;
views of the coronation ceremonies of the
Queen of Holland.
THE FIGHT FOR DECENCY.
John Carroll, Proprietor or Phono
. graph Parlors, on Trial.
John Carroll, proprietor of a phono
graph parlor at 724 Market street, ap
peared before acting Police Judge Barry
yesterday morning to answer a charge of
having indecent pictures in his possession.
Policemen Tyrrell and Esola, who made
the arrest, testified to having viewed the
pictures in Carroll'- parlors, and produced
a number which they had seized, which
the Judge examined.
* Carroll had no defense to offer except
that he would leave it to the Judge to
say whether the pictures could honestly
be called indecent. The Judge said he
would give his decision to-morrow.
Wolf's Bondsmen Sued.
Suits were filed yesterday in- the Su
perior Court by the heirs of the late
Sarah Maria Pearson against the sure
ties on the bond of John Wolf, executor
of decedent's estate, who disappeared
mysteriously from this city some time ago
with the funds of the estate. The sureties
on the bond, which was one- of $44,000,
are H. W. Wreden, William G. Wreden,
William Blester, Edward Lundstadt, John
W. Morsehead, David B. Faktor, G. H.
Walker and August Petzold. Sarah Ma
ria Robson and Mrs. Allison, daughters
of the deceased, instigated the present
suit and ask that they be given judgment
against the sureties for the sum of
$1120 40 each, such being, it is set forth,
their share of Wolf's shortage, which
amounts to $9237 32.
OUR SOLDIERS
in the PHILIPPINES
YOU are proud of the fine fighting spirit shown by
our Regulars and Volunteers in and around Manila
in the last month. It is something to hear and read
of it; it is far more to see, by means of photographs, the
charging troops, the men on firing line, the batteries in
action, the trenches, and the battle-fields with the Amer-
ican and Filipino dead x as they fell. HARPER'S
WEEKLY, dated April 8, has 28 pages, 4 of which con-
tain photographs (23 pictures) of these scenes. Buy it
on the news-stand before you go home
HARPER'S WEEKLY
MANY BUYERS
OF REAL ESTATE
IN THE MARKET
Week's Deals Aggre
gate Half Million.
MONEY SEEKING INVESTMENT
BUSINESS MEN AND CAPITAL
ISTS CONFIDENT.
Big Blocks Change Hands in the
Wholesale District Involving
• Large Sums, and Others
Being Negotiated.
San Francisco capitalists and business
men are showing their confidence in the
future of th. city in a manner that ad
mits of no criticism and which is ample
evidence that this city is entering upon
an era of prosperity greater than it has
experienced for years. They are putting
their surplus capital in real estate and
they are putting it out in large sums, as
the records afford undeniable proof. The
real estate transactions for the month of
March foot up to a total of over. $1,500,000,
and the record for the present month
promises to be double that -.mount. In
the first week in April transfers of real
estate amounted to $587,500, and a num
ber of deals that are now under way
with every prospect of being consum
mated within the next ten days will swell
this sum to nearly a million. 4V
Following are some of the larger deals
that have been closed since the month
opened:
North corner of Mission and Main streets,
$116,000; Nos. 3 and 5 Front street ♦.6,500; north
line of O'Farrell street, 197:6 went ot Powell,
$86,000; east line of Sansome street, 89 feet
south of California, $65,000; east line of San
some street, 118 (eel south of California, $58,000;
northwest corner of Van Ness avenue and Va
llejo street, $32,500; northwest corner of Eddy
and Larkin streets, $24,000; northwest corner of
Polk street and Fern avenue, m.500; east line
of Spear street, betweeri Howard and Folsom.
$20,000; west line of Ste\iart street, 275 feet
south of Market.'- $20,000; southeast corner of
O'Farrell and Powell streets, $60,000.
In addition to the above many transac
tions involving smaller amounts were re
corded of property transfers In the
Western Addition. Pacific Heights and
other outlying districts. A. M. Speck &
Co.t Bovee, Toy & Sonntag, Thomas Ma
gee & Son, Baldwin & Howell, Madison
& Burke, G. H. Umbsen & Co. and Easton
& Eldridge are the principal firms
through which the deals were engineered.
Money Is cheap and plentiful in San
Francisco just at this time and investors
are seeking for good property, large
blocks having the preference. There is a
well defined movement toward that sec
tion south of Market and east of First,
and the nearer the water front the prop
erty is located the easier It is to dispose
of it advantageously. Business men real
ize that .money invested in real estate
that can lie utilized for warehouses and
so located as to do away to a certain
extent with drayage charges will bring
in larger returns than almost any other
vestment. The prospect of a third
transcontinental competing railroad is a
strong factor in this confident feeling,
and while there is a general upward
movement in real estate of all kinds the
big deals for some time to come will be
confined to what is included in the whole
sale district. B-Bj-BltMil.'l'-IB
Young Men's Catholic Union.
The members of Leo Assembly No. 4,
Y. M. C. 1., met at Leola Hall, corner
Tenth and Market streets, last Thursday
evening to celebrate their eleventh anni
versary. After short addresses, compli
menting the members upoirthe good work
and standing that each has encouraged
and sustained toward the welfare' of the
union, the following members contributed
songs,' jokes and recitations: P. Tamony,
J. J. Mclnerney, R. Hay, M. O'Rourke,
M. Ward. I. 'Wiggins, J. T. Burns. P.
Mulllns. H. J. McEnroe and J. J. Shee
han, of whom the latter in particular
made a favorable impression upon his
hearers by his recitations. •
The evening was passed in an enjoyable
manner, concluding with refreshments
and a sociable smoke.
High School Debate.
An interesting debate between the senior
and junior classes of the Humboldt Even
ing High School took place last evening.
The subject under discussion was: "Re
solved, that alliance should be established
between the United States and Great Brit
ain for their mutual protection and inter
ests." Bert Schlesinger, who acted as
judge, rendered a decision in favor of the
supporters of the negative side of the
question. The junior class was represent
ed by Herbert Arthur .and Thomas F. Duf
fy and the senior class was represented
by W. G. Mellish and J. C. Corbett.
Bonds Not Sufficient.
Bernard Ward, ex-financial secretary of '
the Marine Firemen's Union, who was
held to answer on two charges of felony
embezzlement by Judge Conlan on $9000
bonds, was ordered Into custody by the
Judge yesterday, as he did not consider
the bonds furnished by Ward sufficient.
Ward surrendered himself at the City
Prison. His attorney will apply for a writ
of habeas corpus to-day asking for his re
lease on the ground that Judge Conlan
had no right to order him into custody, as
he lost jurisdiction In the cases when
Ward was held to answer.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Margaret K. Smith from James Smith
on the ground of failure to provide; Julia
A. Schoen from A. V. Schoen on the
grounds of failure to privide, intemper
ance and Schoen's conviction of a felany;
and Eva R. Viera from Joaquin Viera on
the ground of willful neglect. Charles
11. "Walker has sued Annie Walker for
a divorce, alleging desertion as. a cause
of action. . - t
What Shall We Do with CubaP
discussed by William J. Bryan,
Bishop Potter, Booker T. Washington
and other representative thinkers in
next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ruptured 20 Years
Wonderful Cure of a Weil-Known
Citizen of Wisconsin.
R. M. Wilsie's Good Fortune in Over-
coming His Affliction.
It Is a piece of good fortune to relate the
fact that there Is a cure for rupture. Some
people contend that only a surgeon with a
knife and a needle can bind the broken place
MR. R. M. WILSIE, Brandon. Wis.
together, but the experience of R. M. Wllsie.
of Brandon, Wis., completely upsets this I
theory.
There is a doctor In Adams, N. V., who has i
discovered a marvelous system of treatment
that not only retains any kind of a rupture,
but also causes the muscles t.i grow together. I
Mr. Wllsie heard of it and gave it a test. The I
results were astonishing..
Although 61 years of age and badly ruptured j
for more than twenty years, Mr. Wllsie begun i
to mend at once and was perfectly cured In a '
remarkably short time. To-day he is hale and
hearty, a tine looking gentleman and complete-
ly restored from the slightest trace of rup-
ture. He naturally recommends the system |
highly. His cure excited considerable interest
among his neighbors, many of whom were also
ruptured and who have since been cured.
The system of cure is the discovery of Dr. j
W. S. Rice, one of the best known rupture j
specialists in the country. He has recently is-
sued an illustrated book on the subject of rup-'
ture and sends it free to every one; his object
being to disabuse the public mind that rup- j
ture cannot be cured. The beauty of his sys- .
tern Is the absence of all pain: absolute im- i
munity from danger; no operation of any kind; j
and not the loss of a minute's time from work.
This is a subject well worth inquiring into.
Thousands of people have friends who are rup-
tured and they will do them a life-long service
to tell them of this new and marvelous home
cure. Send for the book. It is free to all. It
fully explains the system of cure and is im-
mensely valuable to all who are ruptured.
Write at once to Dr. W. S. Rice, 41S L. Main
street, Adams, N. Y.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
YIN MARIANI
i
Mariani Wine Tonic j
Marvellous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER I
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERY--
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait*
and endorsements fr<<;.
MARIANI & CO., 62 W. 15th St., NEW YORK. I
Doctor
__^_^^^^_^^^^^ mi c? v cr do
Pi? ___^^. Specialists for Men
nl^M* sF^&fJ ' t*_ s>{ y* Tlif»phT»lci__ih_ve-MB
ftw| *\«_3'' V?^l n,r,l> * wtt,l ' *i"« a'" l c "i'-
\\ —Xl- I r vSI t,ac^ ed Dlmpnts -inre .881.
\t2JWBH; J _A_"_«_i§-!8 Tlier hay* the laremt »_d
l»?fl— 'tl X*"sS_™S» bert^w/tiiwd nie«llc»l In-
s_£ 1 V^^ l< *' ; 5-^"Ti SfjCi te " s ' v * l' r ' urt ' t ' t ' iv ""' tf- a -
Hflw '° Pa - ™ (, *- red *
-Si-TV IfslitviMuS Hj^ t'nfortunnte men who can.
«£wj N. J\ \s^^l_Jv*S>.' ; 4 ""' fi *" ,1, ""' < * wrlt « 'or nl-
_*yi_\____ vice and private liuok—
-'STABL'SHCD 17 YEARS. _ •'*•*'*' FREE.
Thousand* cnred at home; '
All letter, confidential. No Charge for Consultation. j
701 MARKET ST., 1-., _.-_
iOt SAN FBANCISCO J Elevatwr Entrance.
DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.LaVER.HJNGS.
nervita^StY;.^^
IM___r"l V I I A-i LOST VIGOR,
■■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects of self'abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood-builder.
Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
box: 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrvlta medical Co., CHnton « Jackson st*., CWcaeo.
Owl Drug Co., Sole Agta., 112S Market, S. F.
J A PERMANENT CURE I I
J » of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea _
1 1 and Gleet, 'guaranteed iti from 3 to 6 C
I I days ;no other treatment required. 5 j
'» Sold by all druggists. 5
_^_n^i_r^^.^__-TP-_9_n_^^i^_^_^^R!Y_ki
I **jtf f jfpfS r_lßy_wHfll_PJ
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day;
15 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
■ AMUSEMENTS.
INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.,
Market Street, near Eighth.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF |
MANILA
BAY |
Will Open SATURDAY
At 4 P. M.,
THEREAFTER DAILY
From 9 A. M. to IO P.M.
• AMUSEMENTS. , ...
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ALL MATINEE SATURDAY.
.BOSTONIANS.
■Presenting the Ever Popular
RQBIN MOOD
Next Week— Dost Nights ETONIANS.
MONDAY— "ROB ROY."
TUESDAY— "THE SERENADE."
Summer Is Coming So Is •
..."A HOT OLD TIME"...
PRESENTED BY
THIS RAYS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, April 17.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. . f he opS
Morosco Amusement Co., Inc., Lessee.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT'! TO-NlOHT!!!
THE BEST SHOW IN FRISCO.
Pronounced by Press and Public to be a Won-
derful Production.
THE SOUTHWtiL' OPERA COMPANY
THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF
■ The Greatest Singing Chorus In America.
Beautiful Costumes. Beautiful Stag. Settings and
the Finest Stage in This City to Set Them on.
NEXT WEEK "ERMINIE."
In Preparation. "EL CAPITAN "
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, 75c and $1 00
Dress Circle (Reserved) ' Mo
Family Circle (Reserved) ' 2."» c
Gallery (Not Resreved) 15c
Matinee Saturday. Prices, lio, 2."> c and 50c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
2— Afternoon : Recitals — 2
SADER
WEDNESDAY- - - -April 19th
AND
FRIDAY April 21st
——AT 3 O'CLOCK
PRICES FROM $1 TO S3
KNABE PIANO USED.
The sale of seats Will begin at Kohler &
Chase's and the Opera House Box Office Sat-
urday morning, April 15.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). April U.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
MISS LILLIAN RURKHART
And Company, in the Refined Comedy, "The
Lady of the Rowan Tree."
MLLE. CLARA LARDINOIS,
Chanteuse Lyric.
Two More Big Hits,
MARSHALL F». WILDER
AND
KARA "THE OREAT."
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and Her "Black
Cherubs": HENGLER SISTERS POLK AND
KOLLINS, and PANTZER BROS. .
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROLAND REED'S
MERRY LAUGHMAKER.
HUMBUG!
A PRONOUNCED HIT.
TWO HOURS OF SOLID FUN.
PRICES ..--.._- 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week A BAD DOT.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
THE SPECTACULAR EXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
NEXT WEEK— The French Vaudeville Operetta,
"THE LITTLE TROOPER."
Adapted by CLAY M. GREENE.
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 50c.
Our Telephone Bush 9.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
ONLY FREE THEATER ON THE PACIFIC
- COAST PLAYING HIGH-CLASS EAST-
ERN ARTISTS.
RETURN FOR ONE WEEK ONLY OF
Sherman & Morrisey
Celebrated Knockabout Comedians.
The Queen of Coon Singers,
QUERITA VINCENT
The Hit of the Season in All New Songs and
Dances.
SIC. ANTONIO VARCAS
' Famous Barytone.
MARIE WOOD. CARLTON AND BOYCE AND
TEN BIG ACTS.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTESJVND ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
See LUNETTE the Hypnotic Marvel.
TO-MORROW 'Thursday! -AMATEUR NIGHT.
AMATEUR "TRILBY" DANCE.
Reserved Seats by Telephone, Stelner 1851.
THE STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK, Market and Eighth BU.
Don't fail to see CAPTAIN ADOLPH
FREITSCH and. his THIRTY-FOOT BOAT, in
which he will make a voyage around the world.
Now on exhibition daily. Grounds open from
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA CHARGE.
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, including ride on
the "Horses," etc. '
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM,
Mason and Ellis Streets.
FRIDAY EVENING, April 14, 1899.
AUG Violinist, Assisted by Prominent Ar-
tists In a CONCERT.
Reserved Seats 50 cents.
ERNEST HAQUETTE
Will "open his new place, the "Palace of
Art,"- 16 Post st., between Kearny and Mont-
gomery, Saturday. April U.th. as a gentleman's
cafe. Merchants' lunch will be served from
•11 a. m. to 2 p. m. .
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Beginning MONDAY. April 17. afternoons 4
o'clock, evenings 8:15 o.clock. Wonderful Mov-
ing Pictures of POPE LEO XIII, and other in-
teresting moving views, by the American, Bio-
graph Co. Admission 50 cents: children 25 cents.
DR.JVMULTY.
nPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i. Special istcMTM Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients curedatHome. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to 3 daily; 6.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 te 12. Consul-
tation free an d sacredly conlid en tfal. Call, or ad drew
P. BOSCOE McXULTY. M.D.
586! . Kearny St., San Francisco. C«L
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sugar marked up.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower and quiet.
Barley futures declined.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Less demoralization ln Hay.
Bran doing better. Middlings unchanged.
Beans steady and In fair demand.
Potatoes and Onions still depressed.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheeese unchanged.
Eggs beginning to weaken.
Poultry still firm. Game weak,
Cherries and Strawberries sell well.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Nothing new in dried Fruit.
Provisions steady to firm.
Quotations for spring Wool fixed.
Hides quiet and Tallow firm.
Hops quiet and unchanged.
Meat market steady.
Oils unchanged.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says:
"Recent information confirms what has j
been previously stated in this column re- ;
garding the rasin situation on the coast, j
and also points out that supplies of graded .
loose muscatels are greatly reduced, and
are held much suffer in consequence. Hold
ings la this market are relatively small,
and are held very firm at about previous
prices. The principal change is noted ln the |
Indisposition to shade prices to secure business, i
The association is not likely to make another
advance on this crop, but individual holders j
may conclude to mark prices up a fraction j
as spot stocks clean up.
"•Currants are firmer on recent advices from :
Greece, which report the first hands market ,
as much stronger on reports of crop damage,
which are not understood here. Some 5000
tons are now on passage from Greece to Eng
land and Germany, reducing available stock- i
in Greece to 18,000 tons. Spot demand is
larger, and prices are a trifle firmer. Hold
ers refuse to sell, present prices net them so
much loss, and all are taking as much ad
vantage as possible of the change in the Greek
market. , • -: ■.'"-:_'•_
"Prunes are unchanged. There is said to
be an attempt in progress to secure control of
all available supplies here and on the coast.
It is uncertain how large the purchases
would have to be to do that, but it appears
from what can be learned tliat "It wouldn't j
require a large sum of money to do it.
The difficulty purchasers meet is the firmer j
feeling which prevails and the indisposition j
of holders to let their stocks go. even when
full prices are offered for the entire supply,
Prices are reported as likely to advance
shortly on all larger and some medium sizes.
The conditions governing th" market are i
especially favorable to holders, and Indicate
a satisfactory situation during the remainder
of the season." "
WEATHER REPORT.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: ,
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31. 31,13
Red BlUff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.87
San Francisco 0.00 15 38 7.75
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
San Luis Obispo 0.00 14 82 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 5.28
San Diego 0.00 4.54 4.18
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 49; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy and threatening over
Washington, Oregon, the Rocky Mountain re
gion and Southern Arizona. Light rain has
fallen in Washington and Oregon during the
day, and high southerly winds have prevailed ]
along the coast.
The pressure has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains.
The temperature has remained about station
ary in all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 12.
Northern California Fair Wednesday; light
northwest wind.
Southern California—Fair Wednesday; light
west wind.
Nevada-Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Utah—Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona—Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Wednesday;
light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April IL— Bullish confidence
prevailed in Influencing stock prices to-day,
which advanced almost continuously, slight set
backs regularly bringing new buyers. The
final dealings were In large volume, bringing
the total to nearly three-quarters of a million
chares. There was continuous support by large
operators, accompanied by optimistic utter
ances. Potent allies of higher prices were the
showing of the Government crop report in win
ter wheat, which was better than expected,
spring weather in the West, abundance of
money at easier rates and Washington advices
that a sudden call on the depository banks for
the funds to pay the Spanish indemnity was ]
not contemplated, but that the withdrawal of
Government funds would be gradual as hith
erto. A sentimental influence was the knowl- !
edge that a Presidential proclamation that we •
are at peace with Spain would be issued to- j
day. The grangers were liberally purchased
for Western account. The Vanderbilt Issues
continued ln active request. Local transporta
tion lines continued Btrong, Brooklyn Rapid '
Transit making an extreme gain of almost 9
points. The other Flower specialties were like
wise heavily purchased, People's Gae moving
up over 4 points. Continental Tobacco's rise '■
of 6% was in part associated with to-day's
meeting relative to a new stock issue. The
Southwestern group was active and strong, as
were the iron and steel shares. In fact before
the day was ended practically everything was
higher, the larger gains being among the spe
cialties. Commission house purchases increased
with the strength of the market. London was
but a small factor, selling about half as much
as It purchased. Call money began with large
loans at 6 per cent and gradually easing off
to ii®3 per cent. The ease of money was re
flected In an appearance of more stcength in
the sterling exchange market, part of which
was possibly due to anticipatory purchases in
connection with the payment of the Spanish
Indemnity. Several foreign exchange authori
ties claimed to have noted no such buying
hitherto, which lead, to the belief that the
settlement was yet to be arranged. The mar
ket close, strong at about the best prices.
The bond market followed stocks but to only
a narrow extent. Total sales, $3,035,000.
United States old 4a and coupons advanced '
% in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 72L905
■hares, including: American Steel, 16,000; Su- I
gar, 20,000; American Tobacco, 5000; American I
'in Plate, 3000; Atchison, 3800; do preferred I
46,600; Brooklyn Rai>id Transit, 63,700- Bur
lington. 41,300; Chicago Great Wentern, 11.700; |
C. C. C. and St. Louis, 7800; Continental To
bacco. 117,400; do preferred. 6600; Federal Steel
2L9CO; do preferred, 8700; General Electric, new* i
4300; International Paper, 3000; Kansas and I
Texas preferred, 8000; L. and N., 4700- Manhat- !
tan. 31,8*1; Metropolitan, 4900; Mexican Central i
6400: Missouri Pacific, 21,200; National Steel' '
9600; New York Central. 22,100; Northern Pa- I
cific, 6300; Northwest, 310>; Ontario and West- I
crn, 6200; Pacific Mall, 5900; Pennsylvania 5700- I
People's Gas, 23,600; Reading first preferred' i
23.800; Rock Island. 12,800; St. Louis South
western, 45,100; St. Paul, 46,200; Southern Pa
cific. 6700; Southern Railway preferred 2900-
Tennessee Coal and Iron, 7400; Union Pacific'
15,200; do preferred, 10,100; United States
Leather preferred, 5100.
• -. CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21% St L _• S W 12%
Do prefd 61% Do prefd ... "34
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 St Paul ""128
Canada Pacific — 86% Do prefd ...."' 169%
Canada Southern.. 58% St P & 0m... " 95U
Cent Pac 32%! Do prefd !'.165
Ches & Ohio 28% ISo Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton Iff So Railway 1.2
Chi BSc Q 143 Do prefd 51<2
Chl & E 111 73 ! Texas & Pacific... 22%
Do prefd 122 Union Pac 47-_ :
Chi G W 13% Do prefd 80%
Chl Ind & L 9 I' PD & G ltd
Do prefd 43 Wabash .'.'.' .%
Chl & N W 162 ! Do prefd 23%
Do prefd 193 .Wheel & L E liv.
CCC& St L 82% Do prefd 31
Do prafd 97% 1 Expresr* Companies— I
Dei & Hudson 117% Adams Ex 110 I
Del L & W 178 American Ex 140 I
Den & Rio G 22% United States .... 52 '
Do prefd 7'% Wells Fargo 12,
Erie new 13% Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd .... 38 A Cot 0i1..; 36% I
Ft Wayne ISO Do prefd 91% I
Gt Nor prefd 193 iAmn Spirits 14% i
Hocking Val 8% Do prefd 39'
Illinois Cent 11".% Am Tobacco 225 i
Lake Erie Sc W... 18% Do profd *..140
Do prefd 67% Cons Gas 189%
Lake Shore 200 Com '"able Co ISO
Louis & Na5h...... 65% Col F & Iron 3«%
Manhattan L 119% j Do prefd 96
Met St Ry ....24S "Jen Electric 116
Mich Cent 113 |H*W Coml Co SO I
Minn &St L 51 Brooklyn R t 124% i
Do Ist prefd .... 98 llntnl Paper 63% ;
Mo Pacific 50%' Do prefd '81 , I
Mobile & 0hi0.... 43 Laclede Gas 54 I
Mo X & T 13% .Lead 34% |
Do prefd 41 ; Do prefd 112%
N J Central 113 iKed Steel 63% l
N V Central 141% Do prefd 85% '
N V Chl Sc St L.. 13% Nat Lin OH 4%
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Pacific Mall 61«. >
Do 2d prefd .... 32 People's Gas ......124
Nor West 18%. Pullman Pal 160 I
No Amer Co 10% silver C6rt 60
No Pacific 62* .Standard R & T.. 10 |
Do prefd ! Sugar '..163 I
Ontario & W 27% i Do prefd 116% j
Or R & Nay pfd.. 71 ,T C & Iron 57%
Or Short Line 41% I* s Leather 6% I
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 87 ; Do prefd 78 !
Do 2d prefd .... 60 |U S Rubber ...... 49% j
Pittsburg 184 : Do prefd 116%
Reading 24%|West Union 94
Do Ist prefd .... 66% lAm S & W 64-,.
ROW 34 ' Do prefd 99%
Do prefd 76%|Pac Coast 40
Rock Island 117% Norfolk & w pfd.. 65%
St L & S F 11% Colo Southern 8
Do prefd 71 | Do Ist prefd .... 52".
Do 2d prefd ....140%! Do 2d prefd .... 21
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 108% N V Central 15t5. .114 .
U S new 4s reg... 130 jN J C 6s 118%
Do coup/:.. 130". North Carolina 65. 127
U S 4s 113 . Do 4s 104%
Do coup 114 'No Pac lsts 120
Do Ids 99% Do 3s 67%
U S£s reg 113*4 Do 4s 102*.
Do 6s coup 113% N V C & S L 45. ...105
District 3.60s 117 Nor _• W6s 130
Ala class A 110 1 Northwest 'consols.l 43
Do B 110 I Do deb os 122
Do C 100% O Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ....100% O Nay 4s 102
Atchison 4s 100% O S Line 6s tr....128
Do adj 4s .*.. S3 'OS Line 5s tr....H0 '
Can So 2ds 110 [Colo Southern 45.. 80%
C& O 4%e 94 Reading 4s 83%
Chicago Term 45.. 100 R G W lsts ...... 97%
C & 0 Es 119% St L & I M Con 5-.109
C H & D 4%s 104*. S L & S F Gen 65. 123%
D & R G lsts 108% St P Con 168
D&R G4s 101 St PC & P 15t5.. 121%
East Term lsts ...105 1 Do 5s 121%
Erie Gen 4s 72 So Ry 5s 108
FW & D lsts tr.. 83 Standard R&T6s 90
Gen Elec Es 116 Term new set 35.. 97
G H & S A ...11l Tex Pac L G lstsll3
Do 2ds ....110 ! Do Reg 2ds 53%
II &TC os 112 Union Pac 4s 105%
Do con -6s 110 UP D & G lsts.. 92
lowa C lsts .108% Wabash Ist 5s 115%
I_i new consols 4s. 109% Do 2ds 97
L & N Unl 45.... 96 W Shore 4s 114%
Mo Pac Con 65... 119 :Va Centuries 53%
M X & T 2ds 88 I Do deferred 8
Do 4s 93% Wis Cent lsts ... 68%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar SliOntarlo 6 00
Crown Point 20|Ophlr 100
Con Cal _; Va 165 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry.... 35 1 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcrs 25 Sierra Nevada. 1 00
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 25
Iron Silver 60: Union Con 45
Mexican 58 Yellow Jacket 30.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlngh Elec ... 47
Call loans 3 @4 Do prefd 64%
Time loans 3*i@4% Ed Elec Tel 198
Stocks— Atchison prefd ... 61%
A T & St Fe 21% Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 163 Mining Shares —
Do prefd 116 Allouez Mm C 0.... 10%
Bell Tel 354 -Atlantic 33
Boston & Albany. .2so 'Boston & Mont 365
Boston & "Maine.. l7s% Butte & Boston... 89
Boston L 97 J Calumet & Hecla.,Bls
Chi Bur & Q 143 Centennial 43
Fitchburg 115 Franklin 26
Gen Electric 115% Old Dominion .... 44%
Fed Steel 63% j Osceola 91
Do prefd 85 Qulncy 108
Mexican Cent .... 13 I Tamarack .........250
N V & N H_g....16. 'Wolverine 46
Old Colony 204 I Parrott 63%
Rubber 49% Humboldt 3%
Union Pac 47% (Winona 17
West End 93 Adventure -13
Do prefd 113 ! Union Land 17
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 11.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle to-day on talk of
dearer money. The close was firmer. Ameri
cans opened above parity and were steady till
afternoon, when they became strong on New
York buying. The features were New York
Central, Atchison preferred. Union Pacific and
Reading firsts. The contango was 4%®4%, on
St. Paul It was %, Anacondas 8%, Bostons 2%.
New York is still buying Juniors of Mexican
National, and London houses are puzzled
thereat.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 11.— Canadian Pacific, 89;
Northern Pacific preferred, SH 4 - Union Pacific
preferred, 82%; Grand Trunk. I^* bar silver,
steady, 27% d per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.730 barrels; exports, 5474. Inactive but
fairly steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 7550 bushels; exports,
24,144 bushels. Spot, easy. No. 2 ' red, 82% c;
No. 1 Northern, Duluth, 83% c; No. 2 f. o. b.,
87% c. Options opened weak on weather news
and short selling. Later bears were forced to
cover owing to export rumor, and a fresh out
break of bull crop news so that prices re
gained all their first loss. But a second break
occurred in the last few minutes under a bear
raid and the close was weak at a partial %c
net loss. May, 75%®76 15-16 c, closed 76% c; July,
J4%@76%c, closed 75% c; September, 73%®74%c,
closed 73% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES—
WOOL— Dull.
METALS The various phases of the metal
market were hardly of a character tending
to encourage sellers. Led by tin, several de
partments showed weakness under a tempo
rary withdrawal of buyers and large offerings.
The Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, dull and nominal at
$10 50.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18.
TlN— Lower, with $24 87% bid and $25 12%
LEAD— and easy, with $4 30 bid and
$4 35 asked. The . brokers' ' price for lead Is
$4 40 and for copper $18 50.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $6 50 bid and $6 60
asked. \
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, 5 points net
lower. Sales, 8500 bags, including: May,
$5; September, $5 3o'gs 40; October, $5 45; Janu
ary, $5 70. Spot Coffee— Rio, steady. No. 7
Jobbing, «%c. Mild— Steady. Cordova—
SUGAR— Raw, strong, held higher. Fair re
: fining, 4 l-16c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-16 c:
molasses sugar, 4 10-16 c. Refined, firm and
I active.
BUTTER— 11,627 packages. Market
steady. Western creamery, 16&21 C; Elglns,
21c; factory, 13Q.15C.
EGGS— Receipts, 16,350 packages; firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 13% c; Western, 13%513%c:
Southern, 12%@13%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 11.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 7® 8c;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, 9<&9%c;
fancy, 9%'H.10c.
PRUNES— 4% <&.9%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@14c; Moorpark, 13%®
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9&llc; peeled, 264j/2Sc.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, April 11.— All special and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs indicate the
following changes in the available supplies of
grain last Saturday as compared with the pre
vious Saturday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, increase 509,000 bushels.
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat for and ln
Europe, decrease 900,000. ' Total supply, decrease
391,000 bushels. . . p ' *- r *-*" e
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase 351,000 bushels.
Among the more Important Increases reported
to Bradstreet's, not given In the official visible
supply statement, are those of 342,000 bushels at
Ontario and Manitoba storage points, 153 000
bushels at Galveston and 141,000 bushels at
New Orleans.
The principal decreases are those of 400,000
bushels at Northwestern Interior elevators and
106,000 bushels at Milwaukee private elevators
Tlie aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Seattle and Tacoma, Wash de
creased 89,000 bushels last week.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April, 11.— The Impulse among
wheat speculators at the start was to sell
on the Government crop report, which was
regarded as bearish. May opened %c lower
at 71% c down to 70% c, and as there was no
great amount of wheat wanted to begin with
the price declined steadily .to 70% c. The de
cline was accentuated by a report from Kansas
City to the effect that the Kansas crop had
without doubt Improved wonderfully |in the
last few days. The more the Government re
port was considered 'and analyzed the more the
trade was Inclined to doubt if it could right
fully be given a bearish interpretation, and
many of the early sellers wanted back former
holdings. May wheat rose from around 70% c
to 71% c. In the end the market began to yield
to the little peeping note of Improving pros
pects in Kansas and to turn a deaf ear to the
perfect howl of distress from* other quarters.
Liquidation set ln on a heavy scale and the
market lost the advance about as fast as It
gained it. May closed with sellers at 71V4^j
71% c, a net gain of %c.
The corn market kept In touch with wheat.
There waa a fair cash demand. May closed
unchanged. .
I o*ts were fairly active,' with trade of a gen-
I eral character. May closed %c higher.
I Liquidation weakened provisions. Cash trade
1 showed some little Improvement, but the stocks
1 of lard are accumulating fast and bulls in this
I product were discouraged because the May and
j June run of hoes is now here. Pork lost 15c,
' lard 7%c and ribs To.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J— -
May 71% 72% 70% 71%
July 71% 72% 70% 71%
Corn No. 2—
May 34% 34% 84% 34%
July 35 35% 34% 35
September 35% 36% 35% 85%
j Oats No. 2- ' .-
I May 26% 26% 26 26%
I July .......... 25% '26% 24% " 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
I May 9 17% 920 9 02% 905
July 9 30 9 82%. 8 15 9 17%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 27% 6 27% 520 620
! July 640 540 5 32% 635
i September 5 62%. 6 62% 545 6 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
i May ....4 72% 4 72% 466 4 67%
! July ...4 85 485 4 77% 480
September 495 4 97% 490 490
j Cash quotations ranged as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 69%®71%c:
I No. 3 spring wheat, 66®70%c; No. -2 red, '71%®
76c; No. 2 corn, 34% c; No. 2 oats, . 26%@27c ;
| No. 2 white. 30©31 c; No. 3 white, 29%(_'300: No.
1 2 rye. 62%®62%c; No. 2 barley, 39®47c; No. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
flaxseed, 11 19%; prime timothy seed, 12 30;
Mess pork, per barrel, $9@9 05; lard, per i 100
pounds, 15 20(35 22; short ribs, loose, 14 45@4 80;*
dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c; short
clear sides, boxed, 14 905,5; whisky, distillers' i
finished goods, per gallon, 11 26. .
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. !
Flour, barrels 23,000 17,000 !
Wheat, bushels- 65,000 6,000 1
Corn, bushels 206,000 194,000
Oats, bushels » 177,000 188,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 4,000
Barley, bushels 29,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter i
market was quiet and easy; creamery. 14®
19*_c; dairy. ll%<g>l7%c; eggs, steady, fresh,
12% c; cheese, steady; creamery, 11%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
• * Receipts. Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. , Bushels.
Minneapolis 118,500 • ■ 42,930
Duluth 26,685 ... .
Milwaukee 46,900 4,200
Chicago
Toledo 20,388 iiioOO i
St. Louis 6,000 ■ 25,000 1
Detroit 1
Kansas City '.'.'...'.
Totals
. Tidewater-
Boston , „.. 11,343 :
New York 5.550 24,144
Philadelphia 20,699
Baltimore
New Orleans .'.
Galveston ■.., 14,610 ......
Totals " _ "
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening ..55% . 55%
Closing 5514 5514 i
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug. j
Opening 43 05 43 75 '
Closing 4275 4340 j
Wheat— /
Opening 21 05 21 10
Closing '....20 85 . 20 95
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO— ApriI 11.— CATTLE— demand
for cattle to-day was slow and prices ruled
barely steady. Fancy cattle, $5 6505 75; choice
steers, $5 30@5 60; medium steers, $4 70@4 95;
beef steers. 13 90(54 65; stockers and feeders.
$3 800-4 90: bulls. $2 60@4 10; Western fed steers,
ti 2096 50; Texas steers, $4@4 15; calves, $3 75©
6 75. N
HOGS— Business in hors was brisk at pre
vious prices. Fair to cholce,J3 82%@ 3 95: heavy
packing lots," $3 60@3 80; mixed. $3 65@3 85;
butchers', $3 65(g_ 92%; lights, $3 65@3 87%; pigs,
$3 -.0 ci 3 70. .
SHEEP— A falling off in the supply of sheep
resulted favorably for sellers, prices ruling
strong and largely 10c higher. Western sheep
brought $4 40©6 10; culls, $2 SO up to $5; lambs,
$5 35®5 90 for wooled lots with culls at $4 600
4 75 and shorn lambs at $4 75'J5 20.
Receipts— 2500; hogs, 19,000; sheep,
14,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 11.— tone in the wool
market Is less despondent as a whole. Buyers
are yet operating conservatively as a rule, but
the market Is more settled. Territory wools ;
are selling at 40c for flne medium and
scoured wools. Fleece wools are meeting with
better sale, the best bright wools selling at |
21@22c. There Is a firm tone ln Australian j
wools, but sales are slow.
Territory wools: Montana— medium and
fine. 12@15c; scoured, 40c; staple, 45c. Utahs.
Wyoming, etc.— Medium and flne, 12@15c; scour
ed. 40c; staple, 44 45 c.
Australian, scoured basis— Combing superfine
70079 c; good, 65@68c; average, 62@65c.
——_———_——— •
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April 11.— Clearances, $266,647;
balances, $34,241.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. April 11. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, sS@s9c; valley, E9c; bluestem, 60@61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 11.— WHEAT — Club, SBc;
bluestem, 61c.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW. YORK, April 11.— COTTON—
middling, 6 3-16 c.
NEW ORLEANS.ApriI 11.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 6 11-lfic.
. FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 11.— Consols* 110%; silver,
27%.; French rentes, 102f 32c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quieter, hardly any demand; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April 11.— WHEAT— Nominal;
No. 1 standard California, .6s 3dfetis sd; wheat
in Parts, dull; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern, steady, 6s Id;
No. 1 California, Os 3d®6s sd. Futures, quiet;
May and July, os 5%d. ■
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet. 3s
4%d; American mixed old, quiet, 3s 6d. Fu
tures, steady; April, 3s 4%d; May, 3s 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS. ?
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Stealing Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables ...: — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars ; ..J. — 48@45% j
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— For new crop loading \
30s* has been paid. The spot market is dull
and nominal. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 4330, against
60,850 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 31,750 tons, against 7500; on the way to
this port, 183,000, against 213,000.
WHEAT— The market is lower and weak on
spot, though futures are about ' the same.
Trade is dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05tfl 07%; milling.
$1 10@1 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December —
14,000 ctls, $1 10%; 8000, $1 10%.
Second Session— lo,ooo ctls. $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session— December ctls,
$1 10%; 24,000, $1 10. May— 6ooo, $1 05; 2000,
$1 05%.
Afternoon Session— May— 24,ooo ctls, $1 05%;
2000, $1 06%; 8000,- $105%. December—
$1 10%.
BARLEY— Futures continue to shade off, but
spot prices remain about the same. There Is
very little life to. market.
Feed, $1 06@1 10; Brewing, $1 I_%@l 15 . per
ctl.
" V CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
—2000 ctls, 84% c. . .
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99. new— 6ooo
ctls, 83% c; 12,000, 84c; December— 2000, 87% c.
Afternoon Session— "99, new— 2ooo ctls,
84* _C
OATS— is not much doing and quota
tions remain as before. i . .
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37%@1 40; common, $1 32%<g_ 35; Sur
prise, $1 45® 150; Gray. $132%@157%; Milling.
$1 40®1 42% per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 60; Black, $1 30
®1 40.
CORN— market Is sufficiently supplied for
all Immediate needs and prices are undisturbed.
Small round Yellow, $125; Eastern large Yel
low. $1 12%; White, $1 12%®1 17%; mixed, $1 06%
(gl 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— and unchanged at •$1 05Q>1 10 per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. v . '
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 85® 3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3®3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: .Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $3 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25*. Oatmeal, . $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25® 3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65®6 95; in sacks, $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market Is still choked with arrivals,
but more, moderate receipts yesterday gave the
situation a rather steadier tone. There was
no further decline, and sales were more num
erous.
Bran Is firmer under lighter stocks. Middlings
stand the same.
BRAN— $15 50@16 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $22 50®24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32® 32 60; Cocoanut* Cake, $24®20; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 50
co 24 50; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed
$18®19. ' ■ -- . - '
CALIFORNIA Wheat. $14@16 for good
to choice and $12@13 for lower grades; Wheaf
and Oat, $12® 14; Oat, $12®13; Barley, $9012;
Alfalfa, $6® B.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $10@11; Cheat,
$9; Grass Hay, $7@9; Oat, $10; Clover, $S®9;
Timothy. $B@9 per ton. .
STRAW— 2S®SSc per bale. •
• BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are steady,. with rather more business.
There Is no change in Seeds. ,- ',
BEANS— $1 75@1 85; . Small Whites,
$2 10®2 20; Large "Whites, $1 80@1 90; Pinks,
$2.05©2 15; Reds, $3 2503 35; Blackeye, $3 76®
3 86; Butters, $2 25®2 50; .. Llmas, $3 60®3 60;
Pea, $2 25@2 60; Red Kidneys, $2 50® 2 60 per
ctl. ." . • > -■■'..■■■
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard, $3 7504 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $8 25®S 50; Flax, $21502 25;
Canary Seed, 2%®2%c per. lb; : Alfalfa, 8%®9%c;
Rape, 2%@2%c; Hemp, 2%@.c; Timothy, 5
@5%c. "
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65@1 70; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions continue depressed, and
whenever prices change they decline.
String Beans have appeared from Vacavllle.
bringing 20c per lb. Otherwise there Is little
new in Vegetables, stocks of all kinds being
sufficient for the demand.
Receipts were 1688 boxes Asparagus, 676 boxes
Rhubarb and 208 sacks Peas.
POTATOES— $1 40®1 60 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 35^1 50 for River Burbanks"; Sonoma' and
Marin Burbanks, $1 40@1 60 per ctl; Oregon,
$1 1001 36 for seed and $1 50®1 65 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 2%®3%c per lb.
ONIONS— 3S@7Sc per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon. !
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50@75c per box
for No. 2, $I®l 50 for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 35®75c per box for the general run
and $1 for fancy; Green Peas, 3®6c; String
Beans, 8@12%c for green and 8c for Golden
Wax; Cabbage. $1 25®1 50; Tomatoes, $1 50®2;
Egg Plant, 12% c per lb; Garlic, 6@7c per lb;
Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers ; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Mushrooms, 5®12%c per lb; Hothouse Cucum
bers, _oc®sl 50 per dozen; Sacramento Cucum
bers, 50®60c; Summer Squash from Los An
geles, per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME. .
Poultry continues firm under Hsht arrivals
and quotations keep up. A car of Eastern
•came in during the afternoon and sales of
Hens were made. at $7 50®S per dozen. Game
continues to arrive in poor condition and prices
are weak.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15®17c; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14 ©loc for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@1 75; Goslings,
$2 25@2 50; Ducks, $5 50®6 SO for old and $7®B 50
for young; Hens, $5 50®7: young Roosters, $7 50
®9; old Roosters, $5 50®S 50; Fryers, $6 50@7;
Broilers, $5© 6 for large, $3-34 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50©l 75 per dozen for old and $2®
2 25 for Squabs.
I GAME— Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese, 75c;
Hare, 50@75c; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and
$1 for small; English Snipe. $3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Larger receipts and the expected arrivals
from the East have weakened Eggs and they
are quieter. There Is nothing new in Butter
and Cheese.
BUTTER—
.Creamery— creamery', 17@17%c; seconds,
16®16%c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 14%@16c; common
grades, 13®14c."
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@ll%c; old,
10®10%c; Cream Cheddar, 12®12%c; Young
America. 11%@12%c; Eastern. 11%®14c. '
EGGS— Quoted at 18@20c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Fourteen boxes of Cherries came In and sold
at $1 Eo®2 per box.
Arrivals of Strawberries were 24 chests and
brought good prices.
There is no change in citrus fruits, the mar
ket being freely stocked with all kinds.
This bids fair to be a flne fruit year. Stocks
of canned and dried fruit have run down to
almost nothing, and owing to the shortage In
the Eastern crop the canners and driers are
making preparations to handle more than the
I usual quantity. The crop bids fair to be spot
ted, as the latest advices report more or less
of a drop almost everywhere. There will prob
ably be plenty of fruit, though the crop will
I hardly be enormous, as many have thought
up to the present.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $I®l 25 for common, $1 50@2 per box
for No. 1 and $2 50®3 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, 30®S5c per drawer for small
and 25®40c for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25<5'3 60
per box: Seedlings, 75c@$l 75; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50®2; Lemons, 75c®$l 50 for common
and S2®2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4 50®5; California Limes, 60®75c per
small box; Grape Fruit. $2®3; Bananas, $1 50®
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, . s2®4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The situation remains the same. Prunes are
the only fruit left in any quantity and they
are steadily cleaning up. Prices are firm. All
descriptions are quoted about as before.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50"s, 5®
5%c for 50-60's, 4<&4%c for 60-70"s, 3%®3%c for
70-80's, 2%®3%c for 80-90's, 2%(§2%c for 90-100's
and 2@2%c for 100-1 10' s; Peaches, 8%@9%c for
good to choice, 10% c for fancy and - — for
peeled; Apricots, 12' _<_ for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun
dried, 6c; Black Figs, sacks, 3%c; Plums, nomi
nal, 2c for unpltted and 4%®6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
.RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%f96c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell; 10@llc for softshell: Almonds,
B@9c for hardshell, 12<§13c for softshell, 14®16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and
4%®5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 60®5.
HONEY— 10®llc for bright and B®»c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%
®7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5®5%c
per lb.
BEEWAX— per lb.
Hams are firm and some dealers are dis
posed to ask an advance. Bacon and Lard
are steady. Barreled goods rule firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy, |
B%®9c for light medium, 10%® lie for light, i
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%®llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15®15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7%®7%c for pure; halt barrels,
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins, _%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%'36%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 ln
a case, B%c; 10-lb pall/;, 6 In a case, S%c; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Quotations for new Spring clip of Wool are
now given. The market remains very dull.
There is nothing new in Hops.
Hides are quiet and prices are considered too
high in comparison with Leather. The circu
lar of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
"The hide business remains about the same
as last quoted. Prices continue at liberal fig
ures and sales are fairly active of certain
grades of hides and there id little or no sur
plus stock ln the market. Harness and Skirt
ing Leather has been quite active during the
past season and the better grade of hides com
mand liberal values. We are Inclined to think
that the present figures on hides will continue
for some time at least. For the local market
we quote: Wet salted heavy steers are In de
mand for harness and skirting; wet salted me
dium and light steers are fairly active; wet
salted cows sell readily; wet salted veal, kip
and calf are active and rule at full rates.
"Owing to the dry seasons which have pre
vailed in California during the past year the
tallow output has fallen off ana the stocks
on hand at the present time are very small.
Tallow has advanced about 1 cent per pound
since March 1, and the supplies at present
received are hardly sufficient for the de
mands of trade. We look for an active tal
low market."
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B®B%c; Cow
hides, B%®9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and. brands
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, - shearlings, • 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
90c®$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75®"! 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25® 50c for
small.
TALLOW, No. 1 rendered, 4%@5c per lb; No.
2, 4®4%c; refined, ; Grease, .
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin 5 and
Southern, 7 months, 7®9c; year's -staple, 6'..®
8c; -Foothill and Northern free, 10@l2c; Foot
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada
B®llc. .
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain..! '.". 6%®'Bc
Southern 6@7%c
fains 4(5,,--
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26®28c; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$d; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $6; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
ln sacks. ■;•:•,;. ' ■.":
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9,.c; Sisal, S%c; Duplex,
7%c basis.
CANNED , VEGETABLES — Peas, 75c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 60®1 76; Tomatoes, 85®90c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35®1 50 for
black and $1 50® 1 80 for white; Peaches. $1 40®
1 76; Pears, $1 45@1 60; Apricots, $1 35®. 50;
Plums, 95c® $1 16.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14@15c for prime
washed; ' 13@14c for - good washed ; I 13®>15c for
good to : prime washed peaberry; ll@li%c for
good peaberry; ll@l3c for good to prime; 10® lie
nominal for good, current mixed with black
beans; 8%®10%c for fair; 6®)7%c for common to
ordinary. Salvador— lo@l2c for good to prime
washed; B®9%c for fair washed; 10%®11%0 for
good to prime washed peaberry; 7%@8%c for
superior unwashed; 7%®7%c for good green un
washed: 9%@10c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— 7%@B%c nominal ' for
good to superior unwashed; 9®loc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— for , prime to fancy
washed; 11®13%c for good to strictly good
washed,* 8%®10%0 for fair washed; 7@B%c for
medium; 6%®6%c for Inferior to ordinary'; 10%®
12c for good to prime washed peaberry; 9%®10c
for good unwashed peaberry; ; 7%<3>S%c for good
to '■superior unwashed. ..:•■...■■
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 3%c per tt>;
cases, selected, 4%c. per lb; cases, Imitation
Eastern, 5%c per lb; boneless, 5%c per Tb;
strips, 5%®7%c per lb; blocks, 5%®6%c per lb;
tablets, 7%c per lb; middles, 6%@8%c per lb;
desiccated, 87% c per dozen; pickled cod, bar
rels, $7 76 each; pickled cod, half barrels, $4 25.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 25@28c per lb;
Sole Leather, medium, 24®25c; Sole Leather,
light, 23@2Sc; rough Leather, heavy, 24®20c;
rough Leather, light, 23®24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 32@34c; Harness Leather, medium, 30®
32c; Harness Leather,/ light, 27®29c; Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40®45c
per lb; Veal, finished. 60®55c; Calf, finished.
7oc®sl; Sides, finished, 16®17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@iec; Rough Splits, B®loc.
OlL California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 06; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 59c;
raw, 57c; cases, 6c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c
more; China Nut, 46®56c per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 50c; cases, 55c; Sperm,
crude, 60c; natural white, 40c; bleached white,
42% c; Whale Oil, natural white, 37% c; bleached
white, 46c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 25®1 35 per gallon; wagon
colors. $2@2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12% c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. In cases, 17% c; Astral Oil.
17% c; .Star Oil, 17% c; Extra Star Oil. 21% c:
Elaine Oil, 22% c; Eocene Oil. 19% c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15% c; in cases. 21c;
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; cases, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; ln cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 oz,
t c; 6s. 14 oz, 7%c; 6s, _> oz, 6%c; 6s, 10 oz,
5%c: 12s, 12 oz, 7%c; Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz. 9%c; 6s, 14 oz. S%c; 6s, 12 oz, 7%c; 6s,
10 oz, 6%c; Parafflne Wax Candles— ls. 2s, 4s,
6s, white, 9%c: 12s, 10% c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6®70 per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in iron barrels.
56c; In* wooden barrels, 58c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 54c; raw, barrels,
52c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— Prices have advanced 1-lCc. The
Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, terms
net cash: Cube. Crushed and Fine Crushed,
5%c; Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c;
Dry Granulated. 6%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c;
California A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C,
4%c; Golden C, 4%c; half barrels, %c more than
barrels, and boxes %c more; bags, 1-16 less.
No order taken for Jess' than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. . _
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15@18; extra sizes,, higher;
Redwood, $17 for. No. 1 and $14@15 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20®2 50; Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 30 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
for Split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15
®21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds remain unchanged, as the supply
and demand about balance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers'.
BEEF— per lb.
' VEAL-Large. 7c * small, 7%-gSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5c for small, 6%®5%C for
medium and 4%@4%c for large; stock Hogs and
, Feeders, 4®4%c; dressed Hogs, 6%@7%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. April 11.
Flour, qr sks.... 14.080 Chicory, bbls .... 52
Barley, ctls ....;.. 1,800 Brandy, gals .... 3,600
Rye. ctls 2,030 Wine, gals 96,000
Butter, ctls 402 Hay. tons '367
Cheese, ctls 35 Wool, bales 363
Beans, sks 68 Pelts, bdls 64
Bran, sks 825 Hides, No 949
Potatoes, sks .... 421 Eggs, doz 25,380
Onions, sks 326 Quicksilver, flks.. 202
Middlings, sks .. 700 Leather, rolls ... 82
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 6,200 1 Potatoes, sks .... 332
Oats, ctls 735 Onions, sks 302
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business In local securities
yesterday morning. The, Increased gas rates
gave Gas and Electric more tone, and there was
some recovery in prices, though not so much
as might have been expected. Sales were made
at $75@75 50. Hawaiian Commercial was some
what higher at $91 50. Other stocks remained
about the same.
On the afternoon call business was quiet. Gas
and Electric stock weakened off to $74 87%.
Mining stocks were stronger, though business
continued quiet. The telegram from the pump
said: "Elevator working steadily, keeping the
water below 1850-foot level. The water in the
winze from the 1750-foot level Is IS feet 5 Inches
below the station.'"
At the bond session of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange 25 Hawaiian Commercial sold
at $91. 10 Sun Francisco Gas and Electric at
$74 50 and $1000 of United States 3 per cent bonds
at JICS.
Of the British Columbia mines the Rambler-
Cariboo paid a dividend of $10,000 on the Ist
Another, the War Eagle, will pay a dividend
of $26,250 en the 15th. The Payne has declared
Its regular dividend of $25,000 for the
month, payable on the 10th of April. The aver
age shipments from the Payne are about 250
tons of ore per week, which net $50,000 every
month, half of which is paid in dividends. Be
sides these dividends bonuses are given during
several months of the year. During 1898 there
were bonuses for September, October, Novem
ber and December.
There will be no dividend paid by the Na
tomA. Vineyard Company this month.
Tie Challenge Consolidated reports $1949 cash
on hand April 1.
The Consolidated Imperial had $1357 cash on
hand.
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines .of Eureka district and
vicinity in Nevada for the week ending April
7: Bull whacker mine, 37,480 pounds; Diamond
42,830; Eureka Consolidated, 78.280; Leonie,
10,720; Oriental and Belmont, 7240; Richmond,
146,640; Williamsburg, 4160.
The report of General Manager Ross of the
Comstock Pumping" Association for the past
week reads as follows: "The pumping asso
ciation has been engaged in cleaning out and
repairing the C. and C. shaft below the 1760
--foot level. The shaft is in fair condition. The
pump compartment is nearly full of air pipes
columns, straps, pump rods and bobs, that are
difficult to take out. This compartment must
be cleaned out. as the space Is required for the
second elevator that will be placed ln this com
partment before the water can be lowered by
the first arranged elevator. The plan is to
place the second elevator in the pump compart
ment at as great a depth as possible; then to
start and hold the water at a point that will
allow us to break the Joints In the elevator that
Is now at work and raise it to the surface of
the water, when such changes as are required
can be made In the throat and nozzle, then to
lower it Into the water again and submerge it
as deep as possible.
"When the water has been lowered the pump
compartment will be cleaned out to as great a
depth as possible and the elevator In this com
partment will be again lowered to the point
where the required changes can be made ln the
first elevator. In this way of working the 600
feet of flooded levels will be drained. Judg
ing from our experience in draining the shaft
for 160 feet below the Sutro drain boxes, it has
been found that if an elevator was designed
for the full lift of 600 fee/ and it could be sub
merged below that point it would drain the
C. and C. shaft for that distance In from three
to four weeks: but It would not be safe to at
tempt such work. The water Is being drained
from the lower levels slowly, while being rap
idly lowered In the C. and C. shaft, as our
measurements taken at the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virglna winze, the Hale & Norcross
incline and the Chollar combination shaft in
dicate.
"It Is quite possible that nearly all of the
drainage from the various mines finds its way
through the vein and not through the drifts
as our experience with Comstock drifts and
levels Indicates very clearly that there are but
few places where these openings will not cave
tight enough to form fairly strong dams.
"Since April 1 the water has gone down In
the Chollar combination shaft 5 feet 1 Inch. In
the Hale & Norcross incline 12 feet 6 inches and
in the 1750 winze 16 feet 9 inches, while being
lowered 120 feet In the C. and C. shaft. No
measurements were possible in the Osblston
shaft until April 6, when we found the water
to be 52 feet 11 inches below the station of the
drift connecting with the Sutro tunnel. The
water in the C. and C. shaft Is being kept down
to about its lowest mark, 132 feet below the
1760 level, by running the elevator* sixteen hours
during each twenty-four. We expect to con
tinue working in this way until the second ele
vator is in place. The pumping association has
been engaged as usual in doing work for the
several mining companies, as appears in their
weekly reports."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 11-2 p. m
Bid.Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 7% S
4s quar c0up..H3.%114 Equit G L Co. 7% 8%
4s quar reg... — — '•. Mutual El Co. 14 —
4s quar new.. — 130 Oakland Gas..— 48%
3s quar c0up. .107% — Pac Gas Imp. 77 —
Miscellaneous— Pac LCo 46 47
Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — SF G & E.... 74% 74%
Cal Elec L 65,125%127% San Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 55. ...109 — IStktn Gas 6s. — —
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance —
E L & P- .131 — Flrem's Fund. 22o 225
F & Cl Ry 68.116 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... — 87
H C & S 5%5.105 s— Bank of Cal.. 258 —
LAL Co 65.. — — Cal SD & T.. 98 —
Do gntd .101 — I First Natlonl.22o —
L A R of Ca1.105%105% P & A... 130 —
Market-st 65... 12S 128%: Mer Exchange— 1.
Do Ist M 55.116 — Nev Nat 8k.. 180 —
NCN G R 7s. 107 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 63.. — 113% Ger S & L.. — 167»i
N Ry Cal 55.. 110% 111 I Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 • Mutual Say.. — 4114
NPC R R 102% — S F Say U.. 500 — .
N Cal R R 55. 105 —'* SSL 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55... 109 — ' Security S B 300 330
Om C Ry .125%— 'Union T C 0.1350 1450
P&CI Ry 65.. — 109 I Street Railroads—
P Sc O 65. ...... 117 — California 112 —
Powe!l-st 65... — 121% Geary 45 _
Sac El Ry.ss. — — j Market-st 63% 63*.
SF& N P 113% - Oak SL& H. - _
8F & S JV0b.114% — I Presidio IS 17
SlerraßCal 65.104%105% Powder—
S P of Ar 6s..lll%ll2%;Callfornia .... — 190
S P C 6s (1906)110% — „ E Dynamite... — 102%
SPC 6s (1906) - — Giant Con Co. 60% 61
SPC 6s (1912) — — Vigorit ........ 2% 2%
BPCIs eg 68.105 — I Sugar—
S P Br.6s 122%123%;Haiia P. C 0.... 17 ' 17%
S V Water 6s. — 116% ! Haw C & S C. 91% 91%
8 V Water 45. 104 104% Hutch S P Co. 31'!_ —
3 V W4s(Sdm).lol%lol% Paauhau S -P. 38% 39
Stktn Gas 68.102 103% Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— - ; - IAI Pac Assn.. llo 110%
Contra Costa.. 64 — iGer Ld Wk5..250- —
Marin Co ..... 60 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lo2 102% Oceanic 8 Co.. 74% 75%
Gas and Electric— irac A F A... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor C 0.107% —
Central G Co.. — — I Par Paint C 0 ... 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers" Assn, cash 110 25
75 Alaska Packers' Assn HO 25
200 Equitable Gas, cash 8 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 91 50
10 Market Street Railway 63 50
25 Market Street Railway 63 37%
30 Market Street Railway 63 62%
10 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
$4000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 110 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
$2000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent b0nd5.... 125 00
$2000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent bonds — 125 ..
$2000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent bonds.... 12:. 37%
50 Paauhau S P Co •>» 87%
260 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 75 00
95 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 7o 2o
218 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 75 50
40 Saa Francisco Gas & Electric Co <o 37%
55 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 75 12%
$100 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 50
' Street—
$4000 Market St Cable 6 per cent bonds.. l2B 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — „_
100 Hana Plantation Co, s 30 li 25
240 Market Street Railway 63 62%
100 Market Street Railway, s 30 63 oO
60 Paauhau S P Co •-§ 87%
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... .o 3.%
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... to 2o
6 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... io 12%
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 75 00
220 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 87%
$5000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds 104 00
85 Spring Valley Water 102 2a
$7000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds... 123 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board o **
50 Equitable Gaslight » 00
30 Market Street Railway 63 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co « v-M
Afternoon Session.
Board
10 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
10 Hutchinson S P Co 31 8,%
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... to 2o
25 Giant Powder Con 60 25
100 Equitable Gaslight .., 8 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 37 500 Mexican 62
100 Belcher 38 400 Ophir 110
200 Best & Belcher 62 900 Potosi w
• 100 Challenge 32 100 Potosi 28
200 Chollar 33 700 Savage 32
50 Gould & Curry 40 100 Sierra Nevada.l 10
900 Hale & Norcrs 30 200 Union Con .... 50
100 Mexican ». 61 100 Union Con ..... 51
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher .; 40 200 Ophir' 112%
300 Best & Belcher 63 100 Potosi 29
100 Best & Belcher 64 200 Savage 33
300 Challenge 35 200 Savage 34
100 Con Cal & Va.l 85 300 Sierra Nevada.l 10
100 Confidence 83 1 100 Union Con — 53
200 Exchequer .... 03 300 Utah 16
800 Gould & Curry 43 300 Yellow Jacket. 40
300 Mexican 63
Following were the. sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 361 200 Gould & Curry 43
200 Belcher 39 600 Hale * -Covers :'0
400 Belcher .* 40 1 200 Mexic_a 59
200 Best & Belcher 59 500 Mexican 61
100 Best & Belcher 62 500 Mexican C 2
150 Caledonia 38* 700 Ophlr 110
100 Con Cal & V.l 77%! 200 Ophir 1 12%
300 Con Cal & V...1 801 300 Savage 32
200 Con Cal & V.l 82%; 400 Savage 33
400 Crown Point... 22 200 Sierra Nevada.l 10
200 Crown Point... 231
Afternoon Session.
700 Belcher " 39 1 300 Potosi 29
400 Best & Belcher 62 200 Potosi 31
200 Chollar 33 200 Potosi ......... 30
300 Con Cal & V.l 5:2%' 600 Savage. 32
300 Con Cal Sc V...1 500 Savage 33
200 Confidence 82 400 Sierra Nevada.l 10
600 Crown Point... 23 1 200 Union Con 52
150 Gould Sc Curry 40 j 200 Union Con .... 63
300 Hale & Norcrs 30; 400 Union Con 54
400 Mexican 621 200 Union Con .... 55
900 Ophir 112%| 300 Utah 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ajk. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 06 07 Julia 02 04
Alta '08 • 10 Justice 18 20
Andes 14 15 Kentuck ..' 04 07
Belcher 39 40 Lady Wash.... — 02
Best & Belcher 62 63 Mexican 62 63
Bullion 04 05, Occidental 33 —
Caledonia 37 40 Ophir 110 115
Chollar 35 36. Overman 14 15
Challenge Con. 34 35 'Potosi 30 31
Confidence 80 85 Savage 33 34
Con Cal & Va.l 80 185 Scorpion ....... 04 —
Con Imperial... 01 02 Seg Belcher ... 03 05
Crown Point... 23 24 Sierra Nevada.l 05 110
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill ...: — 04
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate — 06
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard 2502 75
Exchequer 02 03 Union Con 54 55
Gould & Curry 42 44 Utah 15 18
Hale & Norcrs 31 32 Yellow Jacket. 42 43
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Overman I
Occidental |
Best & Belcher...
Yellow Jacket
Occidental
Ophlr
Confidence
Bullion
Utah
S ..Mar. 241. .Apr. ISI 05
32 ..Apr. 7 ..May 1 10
66 ..Apr. 7 ..May 2 10
1 ..Apr. 7 ..May 17 15
32 ..Apr. 7|..May 1 10
74 ..Apr. 6|..May ll 15
31 ..May 4 ..May — 20
54 ..May 4 ..May 29! 0»
30 !..May 6!.. May 29| 05
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alphonse Vilhac to Mutual Eiectrilc Light
Company, lot on N corner of Folsom and Spear
streets. NE 68:9 by NW 137:6; $16,693.
Dennis O'Brien (by attorney and Martin Stev
ens as attorney) to Joseph M. O'Brien, lot
on SE line of Stevenson street, 125 SW of
Fifth, SW 25 by SE 75; $290.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to Michael Hannan. lot on SE line of Bryant
street, SO SW of Harriet. SW 58, SE 75, NE 29,
SE 25, NE 29, NW 100: $10.
Estate John ■ R. Jarboe, by administratrix,
and Mary H. Jarboe and as administratrix, to
Charles K. Harley, undivided half of lot on SE
line of Brannan street, 440 NE of Eighth, NE
50 by SE 275; $3750.
Ralph C. Harrison to same, undivided half of
same; $3750.
Charles K. Harley to McNab & Smith, lot on
SE line of Brannan street, 440 NE of Eighth,
NE 50 by SE 275: $10.
Soren Sorenson to Petre M. Sorenson, lot on
S line of I street, 82:6 E of Twelfth avenue,
E 25 by 8 100; gift.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Ves
tina Hogan (wife of Michael), lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue, 100 S of N street, S 100 by E
120; $10.
■ E. E. Caswell to Rosie Hulme (wife of Ar
thur), lot on NW line of Paris street, 175 SW
of Brazil, SW 50 by NW 100, block 12, Excel
sior Homestead; $10.
Absalom J. and Sarah Barnett to Emma
Growall (wife of W. L.), lot on E line of Ma
sonic avenue. 40:02% N of Van Buren (Java),
E 87:03%, NE 51:6%, W 91:10%. 6 2:8, block 2,
Flint Tract; $876.
Alameda County.
Annie Adair to John F. Dlngwell. lot on N
line of East Fourteenth street, 181.21 E of
Thirteenth avenue, N 67:3, ,E 86.75, 8 55, W 65
to beginning, block 64, Clinton, East Oakland;
also lot on NE line of East Twenty-sixth street
130 SE of Nineteenth avenue, SE 75 by NE 140,
block 89. map of Northern Addition to Brook
lyn. Brooklyn Township; also lot on N line of
Lincoln street, 600 W of Summit, W 150 by N
100, being lots 57 to 62. block D, New Town of
Lynn. East Oakland; $10. .
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants* Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit- the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters.
of Interest to ocean commerce. ,
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare. Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
ln the morning papers the following day.
W. Si HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12.
Sun rises B . 39
Sun sets j 942
Moon sets 9':43"p.' m .
O Time Tlmel Time I Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft
!»HW LW HW LW
12... 0:06 «.l 6:B0— 0.4 1:38 4.6 629
13 ... 0:44 6.9 7:39-0.3 2:36 4.4 7 ; l0
14... 1:22 5.3 8:30-0.1 3:40 4.2 8J>1
15 ... 2:101 6.3 9:26 0.2 4:50| 4.21 9:09
16 ... 8:05 4.S 10:22 0.5 6:00| 4.31 1034
17 ...j 4:1*1 i.i\ 11:21 0.7 6:59! 4.5....
2.5
. 1.7
2.8
i 3.2
3.3
!
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right . hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions- to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-) precedes the JjeighL
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower. low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
r
Luella iTlllamook AP|. 1-
City of R!o IChina and Japan lAp .II
San Jose IPanama AP{- "
Townsend |Coquflle River Apl- 1-.
Pomona 'Humboldt Apl. 12
Coos Bay Newport •• Apl. 13
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. li
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Apl. 1^
Point Arena Point Arena Apl. w
North Fork IHumboldt Apl. "
Weeott Humboldt Apl. 13
Signal IWillapa Harbor Ap . l.<
Wellington Departure Bay Apl. 14
Netvburg IGrays Harbor Apl. l*
Corona iS.-in Dlefro Apl. 14
Arcata I Coos Bay Apt M
Ptatp of Cal.... 'Portland Apl l.»
Washtenaw ....ITacoma Apl. 15
Orizaba Newport Apl. 18
Progreso | Seattle •• Apl. 18
Queen ! Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 17
Crescent Oty...lCr«Bcent City Apl. 17
Santa Rosa 'San Diego AP}- "
Coptic jChlna and Japan Ap . IS
Columbia 1 Portland ' A P'
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. sans. | x-ier.
Santa Rola San Die K 0...~ Apl. 12. U am | Pier U
Npp'n M # ru!Chlna&.Tapan Apl. 12. 1 pm PMS9
Aloha iPoint Arena.. Apl. 12. 3pm P ler 3
Alliance ...|Ore S on Ports. Apl. 13. 10 amPer 20
Columbia ..(Portland Apl. 13. 10 am Per M
Coos Bay... [Newport Apl. 14. *am Per U
A. Blanch-d Coos Bay Apl. 14, spm P ier 1.1
Pomona ....'Humboldt Apl. X 2 pmJPler 9
Pt. Arena. .lPnlnt Arena.. Apl. 15. 3 pmiPte
Corona .. ..!San Diego IApI. IG. 11 ami Pier
T'matllla ..'Vio & P«rt Sd.lApl. 1«. V> am Pier >
Arcata !Coos Bay Apl. 16. 10 am' Pier 18
Xewburgr ..lOrays Harbor' Apl. 17. spm Pier -
State Cal...lPortland lApl. 18. 1" am f, 1 " ;♦
Orizaba ...JNewport lApl. 18. 9 am Pier 11
San Jose..JPanama lApl. 18, 12 m PMSS
Maripopa .. 'Sydney lApl. 13. 2pmTier
Steamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Lai.,
April 11. 1899. _.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N..-ln charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 11.
Stmr Samoa. Johnson. 23 hours from Eureku
Stmr Morgan City. Dillon, 28 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 65 hours from Fort
land. . '. . _ -. __
• Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck. 4 days from Port
land and Coos Bay and Eureka.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus. 36 days from Hong
kong, via Kobe 27 days, via Yokohama 25 days,
via Comox 75 hours.
Br ship Dunstaffnage, Forbes, 116 days from
Calcutta. .... __
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilson, 16% days from
Honolulu. , _ .
Bktn Newsboy, Mollestad, 19 days from
Honolulu. _
Schr Monterey, Beck, 14 hours from Bowena
Landing.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Jorge-nsen, 11 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup, 16 hours, from
Point Arena.
Schr Neptune. Estvold, 30 hours from Uaol.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen, 12 hours fm
Timber Cove.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Schr Allen A. Schage, 18 days from Hana.
Schr John D Tallant. Hoffland. 29 days from
Hakodate. >
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 11.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Nor stmr Titania, .Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Ship Bohemia, Whalman, Bristol Bay; Alas
ka Packers' Assn.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson. Hllo: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Thomson, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
SAILED.
Tuesday. April IL
Stmr Cleone, Miller. Crescent City.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen. Usal.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Hinkle, Astoria.
Stmr Westport. Peterson.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Crux.
Tug Wallula, Johnson, Astoria.
Ship Spartan. Polite, Seattle.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson. Hllo.
Schr Eliza Miller. Christianson. Coos Bay.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, Coos Bay. •
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Reliance, Nordling, Fisks Mill. .**
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— 11. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
' The John G North loads mdse for Honoipu;
Mary E Foster, mdse for Honolulu; schr
Queen, mdse for Santa Rosalia.
The Castor loads lumber on the Sound for
Delagoa Bay, 62s 6d; Oregon, coal at Comox
for St Michael ; Star of Russia, coal at De
parture Bay for Honolulu: San Nicholas, red
wood at Eureka for Callao; Wallacetown. lum
ber on the Columbia River for Callao. 38s 9d.
SPOKEN.
Feb 5—53 S, no long. Br ship Glfford, from
Tacoma for Queenstown.
Mar B—l N 25 W, Br ship Harlaud. hence
Nov 8 for Liverpool.
Feb 22—4 S 25 W, Br ship Comliebank, from
Cardiff for Santa Rosalia.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Alliance — the stmr Grace Dollar
off Point Gorda, April 10 at 3:30 p m. bound for
San Pedro; wished to be reported.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Arrived Apr 6— Schr Sadie, from
San Pedro. 10— Schr Louise, from San Pedro.
USAL— Arrived Apr 11— Schr Edward Parke,
Thence Apr 5.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Noyo,
hence Apr 9.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Apr 10— Schr Jen
nie Thelin. for Sam Francisco.
Arrived Apr 10— Schr Lillebonne, hence Apr 1.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Apr 11— Br bark
Castor, from Astoria for Puget Sound.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Apr Schr J Ep
pinger. for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Green
wood, hence Apr 10.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Apr Schr Bertha Dol
beer. for San Diego.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr 11— Br bark Woollahra,
for Sydney; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr Stmr Pasadena, from Port
Los Angeles: stmr Weeott, hence Apr 9; schr
Sparrow, hence Apr 2; schr Fortuna, hence
Apr 5. .
IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Apr Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Apr 8.
EUREKA— Apr 11— Schr Mary Buhne,
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 11— Br stmr Lennox,
from Hongkong: schr-Beulah, from Guaymas.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Apr U— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Apr Stmr Areata, he
Apr 9. ■
Sailed Apr 11— Schr Glen, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK- Apr 10— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr H— Ship. Jabez
Howes, hence Dec 17. '
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 9— Br ship Dims
dale, from Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Apr 9— Br ship Scot
tish Isles, from Caleta Buena.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 9— Br ship Bel
ford, from Tacoma.
. WESTPORT— Arrived Apr 7— Br ship Lord
Cairns, hence Nov 1.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Apr 9— ship Com
bermere, from Tacoma; Br ship Thornllcbank,
from Tacoma; Br bark Inversnald, from Port
land. ' *
Passed Apr 9— Br ship Caithness-shire, hence
Nov 3 for Dublin: Ger ship Christine, from
Portland, Or, for Queenstown.
Sailed Apr 9 — Ger ship Slam, for Liverpool.
LlSßON— Sailed Apr s— Fr ship Marguerite
Dollfus, for San Francisco.
KINSALE— Passed Apr 9— Br ship Asplce.^hc
Oct 28 for Liverpool. - -.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 9— Br ship City
of Athens, for Liverpool; Br bark Gulf Stream,
for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived . Apr 11— stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 10— ship City of
Athens, from Oregon.
HULL— Arrived Apr 11— Br bark Mozambique,
from Orejron.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Apr 11— Br bark In
versnatd. for Cork.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 10— ship Gars
dale, for Hamburg.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 11-Smr Deutsch
land, from Rotterdam. •
Sailed ADril 11— Stmr Bovlc. for Liverpool;
stmr Kaiser WUhelm der Grosse, for Bremen
via Southampton and Cherbourg.
• PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Apr Stmr
Pennsylvania, from Hamburg via Boulogne, for
New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm, from New York, and proceeded for
Genoa. ,
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Ems.fm
New York for Naples and Genoa, and pro
ceeded.
BREMEN— SaiIed Apr 11— Stmr Kaiser
Friederich, for New York via Southampton and
Cherbourg.
ANTWERP— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Noordland,
from New ; York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York for Rotterdam.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Apr
11— Stmr Pennland, from Liverpool for Phila
delphia. •
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared Apr U— Stmr
Switzerland, for Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Spartan
Prince, for Leghorn.
Arrived Apr -Stmr New York, from Turks
Island, San Domingo,ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SEN. PERKINS
MAKES SOME
COMPARISONS
McKinley in Contrast With Gage
and Dan Burns as a Moral
Senator.
A Good Word for Hanna and Hoar—Dig
nified Method of Disciplining In
flated Senators.
OAKLAND, April 11.— For one hour
to-night Senator G. C. Perkins divulged
secrets, dropped significant remarks and
launched criticisms teeming with sugges
tiveness before a large and Influential au
dience in the First Congregational
Church. The address was perfect, not so
much for what the Senator said as for
what he inferred and said by indirection.
Senator Perkins took occasion to let his
audience know his opinion of Governor
Gage, Dan Burns, Senator Hanna and the
late Legislature and several other per
sons and things.
"Of course," said California's sole Sena
tor, "these are not criticisms—
comparisons made in a social way. The
chairman has assured me ere are no
scribes here, so of course I feel free."
And then the speaker looked toward the
men with pencils and paper and pro
ceeded.
"I am not going to criticize," said Sen
ator Perkins, "but as I stand here I can
not help contrasting the methods of our
truly great President with that of the
Governor of California, of this great
State. Do you know that out of all the
bills introduced into the Senate President
McKinley vetoed just one and pocketed
another? What did we see at Sacra
mento recently? Hundreds of bills that
were passed by he Legislature are
tucked away in what must be one of the
most monstrous pockets m the State.
Surely the last Legislature must have
been %• ry indecent or else* . Presi
dent McKinley is neither arrogant nor
has;;.. lie is truly treat. He says to
himself tnat if Congress in its wisdom
has been informed on measures, has de
bated them and has passed upon them it
Is but just— not to .-ay courteous— to be
lieve that its members are conscientious
and intelligent; it is but right that I
should sign them.
"When the President saw in the appro
priation bill a large item for educational
purposes he at once put his pen to it.
When our Governor saw a bill appro
priating a few thousand for our State
university he thought our great institu
tion should not have too much support
and the bill disappeared, In a similar
instance Governor— now President— Me-
Kinley of Ohio showed such force and
sagacity that all America wanted him to
tase its scepter. 1 do not wish to criti
cize anybody here to-night, but a contrast
between two men may be interesting."
Senator Perkins did not propound the
query, "What would Dan Burns think of
the United States Senate and what would
the Senate think of Dan Burns?" but
the majority of his audience asked them
selves the question and heard the speaker
answer it.
"The religious complexion of the Senate
Is ■I," said : Senator' Perkins- - "Nearly
all the members have some distinct reli
gious connection. I have never, in six
years, seen a United States Senator go
into a saloon. Neither have I seen one
ever do anything that they need be
ashamed of. They are, without exception,
men of sterling character, unimpeachable
morals and examples of statesmanship.
All attend church and all are sincerely
desirous of doing what is right and what
their constituents want.
"One of the most Impressive moments
in the Senate is the opening of a session.
Rev. Dr. Milburn has not seen the light
of day for thirty-five years and for half
of that time he has been chaplain of both
houses of Congress. As he is led into
the Senate by the Vice President every
Senator stands and as those sightless
yes are directed to heaven every one
feels an inspiration from his words. I
have heard him repeat that sentence in
the Lord's prayer, 'Lead us not into
temptation ,' so that it seemed like a
voice from God. And, believe me. it met
with a response from every one of those
ninety Senators, as they joined in the
solemn 'Amen.'
"I cannot forget that the California
Legislature at its last session did not de
cide upon a man to go to the United
States Senate, but if the choice had to be
made by the people at the ballot box
there would have been a Senator elected,
and 1 am In favor of amending the consti
tution so that this can be done."
Senator Hanna of Ohio, according to
Senator Perkins, has been grossly mis
represented by a' portion of the press.
After referring to the modern methods of
journalistic criticism, the speaker said:
"Senator Hanna is a much better man
than he is credited with being. Since his
boyhood he has been the architect of his
own fortune. He is a man of high char
acter, good standing in society and good
habits. He is a hard worker and Senator
Hanna has never to my knowledge cast a
vote in the Senate that will not stand the
Roentgen ray of investigation, no matter
from where directed. Don't credit all that
a partisan press says about United States
Senators, for all are good men, although
perhaps no more infallible than the Pope
of Rome.
"But though ail are good men, some are
th* reverse of practical. They do not
catch the spirit of things easily, and have
to be disciplined. There is a very digni
fied system in vogue In the Senate to
teach men their measure. It is by get
ting up and leaving a member talking to
empty seats and the galleries. One of
these is Tillman of South Carolina, who
Is said to have been thrown into the Sen
ate with a pitchfork. He is a good man
at heart, but cannot appreciate the fact
that the report of a committee is hardly
ever altered by argument on the floor.
However, Tillman talks and talks and the
gallery listens, and when the bell rings
for a vote the Senators file into their
seats.
"One day I asked who was speaking,
and was told it was Allen of Nebraska,
who was bellowing at some cattle on the
plains. On another occasion some one
asked who was talking, and the reply was
'Morgan of Alabama, who Is always talk
ing but never says anything.' Morgan is
a pleasant speaker, but he never changes
the sentiment of the Senate. He talks
too much.
"Senator Proctor was the man I once
asked if it was possible .to live economi
cally in Washington. I meant could a
man live on his salary of $5000. He re
plied "yes," that he was not economical,
but his wife was. and they lived in a
house for which they paid $8000 per year
re v nt ' That's economy in Washington,
where there are two classes of society—
°ne ytth appetites without dinner and
the others with dinners without appetites
—and that explains all.
"Senator Hoar has been abused by Call
POSTUM CEREAL.
IF COFFEE DIGESTS~
All is -well. About one person in three
suffers some form of bodily all that
gradually disappears when coffee is left
off entirely.
Then "what to drink" is the question.
I'ostum Food Coffee Is the nearest ap-
proach In taste (Identical when care- j
fully made), but instead of being a drug I
it is the highest form of nourishment, '
fattening and strengthening babies, j
children and adults.
! fornians more than he deserves. He has
; the courage of his convictions sometimes
, ana generally makes an argument one
: way but turns round and votes the other
I way, although on the treaty matter he
I surprised the Senate by talking and vot
i ing in harmony.
"Connecticut has a habit of returning a
man again and again. .and it is a good one.
, Maine sends Frye and Hale as regularly,
! benator Hawley is Connecticut's senior
j Senator, and just before I left Washing-
I ton he said the law of his State required
I him to file a report of his election ex
, penses. He showed me his report, which
showed he had spent $8 75 to be elected to
, the United States Senate. Do you think
j you could beat that in California?" he
l said, laughing. And well he might laugh.
"That's easy," I replied. "I was elected
, while 3000 miles away on the first ballot,
, and all it cost me was $2 50 for sending a
dispatch to Sacramento thanking mv
friends."
Senator Perkins referred personally to
over a score of his confreres in the United
States Senate, and said that the office of
Senator means from six to sixteen hours
of work every day. Referring to the
breadth of the American character, he
said that in the Senate at its last session
I "there were twenty men" who had once
tried to destroy this Government—Confed
j crate soldiers, and fifteen men who had
served in the Union army.
He closed with a forceful tribute to
President McKinley, and said: "When the
next two years of this administration
have closed I am confident that all will
acknowledge the Christianity, wisdom,
diplomacy and patriotism of our Presi
dent, who has this day proclaimed that
we are as a nation once again at peace
with Spain."
The address was given before the Young
Men's Congregational League.
! LITTLE ROSE YON SCHMIDT
NOT FORCED TO TESTIFY
Coroner's Jury Returns a Verdict of
Murder and Suicide in the Awful
Dual Tragedy.
ALAMEDA, April 11.— the'
jury, do find that the name of the de- I
ceased was Isabelle yon Schmidt, a
native of Australia, aged 32 years,
and that she came to her death at
2232 San Jose avenue at about
12:30 p. m.. April 9. 1899, and that
death was caused by a knife wound in j
the heart inflicted by Edward A. yon '
Schmidt with murderous intent. We,
the jury, do find that the name of j
the deceased was Edward A. yon j
Schmidt, a native of California, aged i
about 43 years, and that he came to j
his death at 2232 San Jose avenue at !
about 12:30 p. m., April 9, 1899, and !
that death was caused by a knife
wound in the heart inflicted with
suicidal intent.
Such were the verdicts rendered by the
Coroner's jury impaneled to investigate
the cause of death of Mr. and Mrs. E. A.
yon Schmidt, the principals In Sunday's
horrible tragedy. Before Coroner Mehr
mann commenced the Inquest he informed
the jury that although a murder had
been committed the murderer had placed
himself beyond the law by taking his own
life, consequently no testimony would be
introduced tending to show the motive
of the crime or the condition of the mur
derer's mind at the time of the killing.
No facts not already fully exploited in
the public prints were brought out.
Charles L. Tilden identified the remains
of Mrs. yon Schmidt and Deputy Coroner
Fowler gave similar testimony relative
to the remains of the dead woman's ex
husband. Mary Thompson, the nursegirl,
recited the story of the tragedy, and after
some other unimportant testimony the
jury returned the verdicts as given above.
The jury was composed of R. B. Decker,
W. G. Vollmar, A. Innes, C. W. Damon.
George X. Gray, R. H. Fallmar. R. M.
Mitchell and William W. Graham.
Little Rose yon Schmidt was not present
at the inquest. Coroner Mehrmann con
cluded that it would be cruel and in
human to force the little one to recite the
horrible details of Sunday's tragedy. The
funeral of Mrs. yon Schmidt will take
place to-morrow morning from the under
taking parlors of C. H. Wever, 1504 Park
street. All during the day the compan
ions and playmates of the Yon Schmidt
children have been carrying flowers to
decorate the casket containing the re
mains of the unfortunate mother.
FUN FOR COLORED TROOPS.
Visiting Soldiers to Be Entertained
by Local Admirers.
When the colored troops arrived from
the East recently and went Into quarters
at the Presidio their brothers and sisters
of color of this city and Oakland deter
mined to make their stay here as pleasant
an possible. To this end a special com
mittee of arrangements, consisting of
Major L. A. Penny and R. P. Keeling,
started the ball in motion. These gentle
men, with others, worked hard during the
late war with Spain to raise a regiment
to go to Cuba. to fight the Spanish, and if
hostilities had been prolonged they would
no doubt have been sent to the front.
Hence the selection in arranging for the
entertainment of the soldiers of • the
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry.
The first in this line will be a banquet to
the visitors to be held this evening in
California Hall. 620 Bush street", under the
auspices of the Army and Navy Union.
A large number of invitations have been
sent. out to citizens and the affair prom
ises to be a success in every way..
The next feature in the way of enter
tainment will eclipse the banquet, because
of the greater possibilities. A moonlight
picnic, social and general good time will
be held in Germanla Gardens at Harbor
View on the evening of the 19th Inst. The
band of the Twenty-fourth Infantry will
be in attendance and any amount nf fun
may be expected. A general invitation
has, been extended to the residents across
the bay and this city. Major Penny and
Mr. Keeling are the leaders in the ar
rangements of this affair, assisted by an
honorary committee consisting of Ser
geants Plrla of Company E, Brown of
Company H, Powell of Company I, Thom
as of Company H, Johnson and Washing
ton; " yy*
STOLE A JAR OF GUM.
William Pepper, £.ged 13, was arrested
last' night by Officer C. Green and
charged at the' City Prison with petty
larceny. The prisoner and a companion
named Carl Sevens entered B. Brown's
candy-store, at 1656 Market street and
boldly grabbed a Jar of gum and rushed
away with it The proprietor pursued th.
young thieves, and his shouts attracted
Green's attention and he captured Pep
per, Sevens getting away. ' .
For the past two weeks complaints
have been filed at police headquarters by
candy dealers who have been similarly
robbed by youngsters, who peddle their
spoils on the street. It is believed Sevens
will be arrested to-day.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
RIOT AVERTED
BY OFFICERS
WITH RIFLES
Quarrymen Object to
Bill of Fare.
STRUCK FOR MORE PAY
1
WOULD STOP OTHERS FROM
WORKING.
Chief Fletcher and a Few Men With
Winchesters Soon Clear
. the Field of the
l Strikers. .
Oakland. Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 11.
The timely appearance of a large divis
ion of police armed with short, wicked
looking Winchester rifles probably pre
vented bloodshed at the Piedmont quarry
this morning. The trouble was caused by
a disagreement over the bill of fare put
up by the boarding-house keepers at the
quarry. ."•;'•'
Last Saturday about a dozen men quit
work and their places were filled on Mon
day morning with new men. The strikers
did not move away, but hung around,
threatening trouble. Last night the po
lice were asked for an officer, and Detec
tive Hodgkins was sent out. All was quiet
till this morning, when the strikers gath
ered around and caused it to be known
that they would interfere with their suc
cessors, and as some of them were
armed, a riot was imminent. )
Chief Fletcher, Captain Wilson. Detec
tive Shorey and Officers Curtis. Andrews
and Pardee filled the patrol wagon and
with their guns went to the quarry. Chief
Fletcher ordered the strikers to go to the
office, get their time, and then vacate the
premises. There was very little opposi
tion, the sight of the officers, and espe
cially the Winchesters, having a pro
nounced effect. Two police officers, armed,
were left on the scene and will not be
withdrawn for a day or two.
"The principal grievance of the strik
er.,'' said one of the company's officials,
"Is that they are not treated properly by
the boarding-house keepers at the quarry.
They claimed that the food furnished was
not good enough and the sleeping quarters
not to their liking. Finally, they demand
ed that their wages be Increased from
$1 50 to $1 75 a day. The company was
unable to satisfy the demand or the men
for better food and quarters, as the board
ing-house keepers leased the place, and
the men need not stay there unless they
desired to. They could board anywhere.
The wages paid by us are good and we
could not accede to a raise."
TURNED SUDDENLY INSANE.
Mrs. Anna Dockhan of Oakland
Creates Considerable Excite
ment at the Ferry.
Mrs. Anna Dock nan. the divorced wife
of the editor of the Haywards Review,
created considerable excitement at the
ferry yesterday morning. She came
across from Oakland with her daughter,
a bright girl 9 years of age, to purchase
tickets for Belding. Mich., where her
brother, -William Coulter, lives, but ap
peared to suddenly become Insane. Ser
geant : Avon endeavored to pacify her,
and was struck in the face, receiving a
black eye. Her screams attracted a
crowd, who watched the struggle be
tween her and the sergeant.
She was sent to the insane ward in the
Receiving Hospital, where she had to be
strapped down on her cot. During the
afternoon she became quieter and talked
rationally. She was "divorced from her
husband eighteen months ago. and has
since been working to support herself
and girl. The constant fear that her
husband would take the girl from her
drove her insane, but it did not develop
into an acute stage until yesterday.
The Sheriff took charge of the little
girl, and sent a deputy with her to Oak
land to a Mrs. Pearson, on Tenth street,
where Mrs. Dockhan boarded.
FOR WRONGING A GIRL.
W. F. Rau. a Waiter, Arrested on
Complaint of Indignant Parents.
W. F. Rau, a waiter, was arrested la=t
night by Officers Coleman and Kane and
charged with an assault on Lena Shenk,
a girl living on Tehama street. Had he
not been taken into custody he might
have been killed, as the father of the
girl was searching for the prisoner with
evil Intent.
Rau was a friend of the girl's family
and has frequently taken her to theaters.
Her parents Intercepted one of his let
ters and discovered his love for their
daughter. They closely questioned the
firl and the information they gained In
uced them to ask Chief Lees for a war
rant for Rau'B arrest. Their request, be
ing on little evidence, was denied and
they then appealed to the Society for the
Suppression of Vice with the result that
Rau was arrested.
He denies any wrong-doing.
OLYMPIC CLUB AFFAIRS.
Entertainments That Will Be Held
This Month in the Hand
some Building.
Leader Hammersmith of the Olympic
Club is certainly not sleeping on his oars.
The members highly appreciate the en
tertainments he has already given for
their pleasure and it is safe to say that
in the future only men' of the Hammer
smith caliber will be elected to the leader
ship of the club. On Wednesday even
ing, the 19th Inst., a splendid entertain
ment will he given, to which ladies will
be admitted. On the evening of the 25th
Inst, the middle-weight boxers who are
entered i for the championship contests
will meet. The finals of the feafher,
light and welter weight series will be also
decided on that evening. On the 24th Inst,
the winners of the series of contests in
the different classes will be presented
with the handsome and costly Oelrlch
belts and gold medals valued- at $35 each.
Awarded His Royalty.
A jury in Judge Hunt's court yesterday
gave judgment in favor of N. S. Kleth
:_yy ADVERTISEMENTS.
-9-9—9—9-9 9 9 O -_»-•-» » O _> O-O-O— »-»-0-0-
A BELT WITH ' MERIT*!
1% -cm That's the kind, of a Belt you want
E. "^3 If you expect it to cure you. When you
fa ' _f—% g_jfl buy a Belt,. buy a GOOD one or none at.
Z> / Z*6f -.ESS-". all. Go where BELTS ARE MADE-
FIT j'Jk'-im to. a firm of established reputation,
Xi ■ Jf^^w&K ■■''-' : '"' ■'■ ' whose word and promises amount to
1 -^jjuuff something, and then you will be able to
' '*2&j![% ' ' *^Sv get what you want and at a fair price,
l-jK^y Vi . "^11&^ too. ' There is no humbug about Dr.
*g***fl^ v 'y->& ( v * '^f-ffifrSSiffi' Pierces Electric Belt. Any one who
Vv\\\vw^^^^^X^^k|jffi^dS c has ever tried **- knows that. It does
x^ww^^^^l^ral-l^^^' not fall to pieces in a few weeks as
TO^V\^^^^^^^^^^mwKr others do. It is warranted to be as
W^^g^BMHp " represented. Buy no' Belt till you see
m»vw *• rvj^^rl'^lfflp*' "DR. PIERCES."
\\.\'^t^v^Bil/ ' Call at office or send 2c in stamps for
v^*^' ; « • our "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.' Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
and against the Electrical Engineering
Company for the sum of $2205 83. The
amount of the judgment represents a roy
alty of 3 per cent on goods handled by
the defendant corporation, of which the
plaintiff is the inventor.
SACRED HEART PICNIC.
Parishioners Will Give It at Mirabel
Park on May 18.
Sacred Heart parish will hold Its an
nual picnic at Mirabel Park, on the line of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Coast
Railway, on Thursday, May 18. This was
decided on at a meeting of the commit
tee of arrangements held last' Monday
evening at the church hall. _ James C.
Nealon presided and Harry I. Mulcrevy
was secretary. These gentlemen, with
John W. McCarthy, were appointed a
committee to make a contract with the
railroad company and arrange for the
train to leave at 8:45 a. m. on the day of
the picnic. Each member of the general
committee was appointed a committee on
prizes, and Lieutenant George Sullivan
was elected secretary and will receive all
prizes. Rev. Father Cullen was unani
mously elected master of ceremonies for
the picnic.
The following committees were appoint
ed:
Committee on printing— Messrs. Hogan, Bray,
Short and E. L. "Waldteufel.
Committee on music— Dr. R. J. G. O'Connell,
George Halpin, Thomas Kelly. Harry Moyni
han. . *
Committee on press— K. L. Waldteufel. J. C.
Queen, E. Mahoney, Mark Mehern, Pr. R. J.
G. O'Connell. J. Brennan, Captain J. Fitzpat
rick, Colonel J. C. O'Connor, H. Moynihun,
James Gallagher, John W. McCarthy, Edward
Cameron. William Sullivan,- George Moynihan.
Reception committee— Judge M. Cooney
(chairman), Harry I. Mulcrevy (secretary). L..
J. Fitzgerald. J. C. Murphy, Mark Mehern,
E. 1.. Waldteufel, P. O'Connor, Captain J.
Fitzpatrick. J. Stenson, John W. McCarthy.
A. Ambrose, J. Brennan. W. fihor.t, Daniel
Sullivan, M. Fltzsimmons, T. McPherson, J.
C. Queen, Thomas Donohue, Dr. R. J. G.
O'Connell, Captain J. J. Dwyer. Lieutenant
George Sullivan, Peter Kelly, Captain J. T.
Hurley, . Edward Cameron. Colonel J. C. O'Con
nor, Harry M. Kelly, Misses Margaret Fitz
gerald, Mamie Murphy, Alma McCormick,
Mamie Dunn, Maggie Gallagher, Mary Ragan,
Sarah Taylor. Dorothy Moran, Agnes Cooney,
Kitty Coppage,. Julia Coppage, Agnes Fitz
patrick.
Committee on games— Mark Mehern. (chair
man). Peter Kelly, J. Brennan, Captain J.
Fitzpatrick, L. J. Fitzgerald, Captain J. T.
Hurley.
Floor committee — Colonel J. C. O'Connor
< chairman), Captain .1. J. Dwyer, H. Moynl
han, E. 1.. Waldteufel. Thomas Donohue,
Thomas Kelly, H. Peterson and George Hal
pin.
The next meeting of the general com
mittee will be held on Monday evening,
April 17. Picnic tickets will be distributed
and all parishioners are invited to attend.
JURY DISAGREED.
Unable to Fix Responsibility for j
Hulda Johnson's Death.
The jury in the case of William John
son, who seeks to recover $10,000 damages
from the Market-street Railway Company
. for the death of his 2-year-old daughter,
Hulda, who was killed by a Mission
street car, reported to Judge Dalngerfleld
at 10 o'clock last night that they were un
able to agree upon a verdict, and they
were ordered discharged. The jury was
evenly divided in opinion, six being in
favor of awarding damages while six
thought .the company should not be held
responsible. - . ...
The suit has been on trial for several
days, and was given to the jury late yes
terday afternoon. It was admitted that
the car was not provided with a fender,
but there was no question as to the posi
tion of the child just before the accident.
Witnesses for the prosecution testified
that she was between the rails when the
car was 100 feet away, while those for the
company maintained that she was cross
ing the street and ran in front of the car.
The motorman. admitted that he saw the
child but did not reverse the current for
fear it might disable the car.
WILL CAMP AT SANTA CRUZ.
League of the Cross Cadets Select the
Place for Their Annual Outing.
The annual encampment (if the League
of the Cross Cadets will be held this year
at Santa Cruz. Colonel William P. Sul
livan visited the city by the sea on Sun
day, accompanied by Captain "Jack"
Duff v. -- They inspected the 'various sites
available and finally selected one,-. that
fills all requirements.
: It Is within a stone's throw of the beach
and is sheltered from any wind that may
come In from the ocean. It is on the
fashionable promenade and is lighted with
electricity. The boys will leave here on
July 16 and will be in camp eight days.
It Is expected that fully 400 boys will
spend their vacation at the camp. Last
year they went to Santa Rosa, where
they were royally entertained.
SUNDAY NIGHT THIEVES.
Davis-Street Cigar Store Bobbed of
Valuable Goods.
Thieves entered' the store of Henry
Lichtenstein, 25 Davis street, Sunday
night and carried off 2700 cigars valued at
$60 a thousand. The Yale lock was picked
and carried off with the other booty.
This is the second time within five
months that this store has been burglar
ized and Lichtenstein is now wondering
what good it does him to have police pro
tection and pay extra for a special watch
man. On both occasions the work was
evidently that of novices at the business
of burglary, but in the former no clew
was ever found to the perpetrators. Mr.
Lichtenstein says that owing to the ne
cessity for additional police protection at
the ferries on Sunday nights the district
in which his store lies is left without ad
equate protection and thieves fined easy
work.
Mechanics' Fair Plans.
At a meeting last night of the directors
of Mechanics' Institute to consider mat
ters connected with the fair to be
opened September 2 at the Pavilion, Sec
retary Cumming reported that a number
of people had already applied for space.
It was decided to send. out next week the
preliminary announcement of the fair,
immediately after which the work of gel
ting the project into shape will be com
menced. A meeting will be held next Fri
day to appoint an agent to look after the
collection and installation of the exhibits.
An exhibit of the products of the Phil
ippines, the first of its kind in this coun
try, will be one of the features of tin
fair. It is being collected by Lieutenant
A. P. Hayne
The Association Lunch To-Day.
The Baptist and Christian churches will
hold forth and provide the luncheon at
the old building of the Young Men's
Christian Association, 232 Sutter street,
to-day from 11 to 2 o'clock. The ladles of
the various denominations arc vying
with each other to see who will provide
the most appetizing lunch. Yesterday the
Presbyterian ladles had a large crowd
and did a thriving business. The Metho
dists come on to-morrow and the closing
day, Friday, the Congregationallsts.
Complained to the Police.
S. Monks, who .conducts a hair store at
122 McAllister street, visited police head
quarters last night and requested the
services of a police officer to protect him
from a crowd of malicious boys who, he
said, were throwing rocks -into his store.
Monks stated to Lieutenant Birdsall that
his peace had been sadly ■ disturbed for
some time past by a gang of hoodlums
who congregate in that vicinity. Police
man Pyle was detailed to put a stop to
the hair dealer's trouble. :St"\-'
Got the Full Penalty.
Patrick Bannon, one of the notorious
Bannon family, who raised a row in
Judge Mogan's court Monday, appeared
for sentence yesterday on the charge of
disturbing the peace preferred by his
mother and the charges of disturbing the
peace and vulgar language preferred by
the Judge. He was sentenced to eighteen
months in the County Jail, being six
months on each of the three charges.
A New Passenger Agent.
H. M. McGregor, the popular traveling
passenger agent of the Canadian Pacific,
has resigned his position and will leave
shortly for Alaska to take up Interests Of
his own. He has been succeeded by F.
V. "Valentine, formerly in the employ of
the company at Tacoma. Mr. Valentine
will arrive here within "a day or so and
will make this end of the line his head
quarters.
Directors Did Not Meet.
By request of a large number of the
stockholders the directors of the Central
Pacific did not hold their regular annual
meeting this morning. There are a number
of documents in preparation in New York
City which it is desired that the directors
consider and In order that there may be
ample time to finish them postponement
was ordered to April 28.
Used Knockout Drops.
Ernest Fuhrman and John Peters, ex
convicts and users of "knock-out drops,"
were convicted by Judge Conlan yester
day on the charge of vagrancy, and sen
tenced to five months each in the County
Jail. When arrested Friday night they
had a stranger from New Zealand in
tow.
Dr. Parkhurst, the reformer, de
clares the big cities of America are
preparing for a great revolution, and
he tells all about it in next Sunday's
Call.
A Waiter's Death.
The man who was taken from _53*_
Third street to the City Receiving Hos
pital last Monday night and who died
there, was Identified at the Morgue as
William Van .Ness, a waiter, well known
around the race tracks. Death was due
j to natural causes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUCCESS
°« FAILURE
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happiness, success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well." '. Vv ■_
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Z __*_£Si_is_.
© __r §
_J < *E§_ /sggfc _£?»¥ ■ -C'-fl
gjfci WL *WW\ r »
Q J^^r?^-®? 5
° fiWßmtW&tl __*KP*tPSj__ ***a
DOCTOR SWEANY,
TEE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years' Experience),
Cf rices at 73 1 .Market St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the .future, as they have In the past,
from the ablest and moat successful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fall because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment. • .
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks, Merchants and
Business Men in the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken Into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
reputation for
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease. ■,'■.'-•'■''
NERVOUS DEBILITY SSS %£&&&
YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN.
The awful effects of neglected or improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of the
body and brain, dullness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tresses symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. - Dr. Sweany'g
special treatment will cure you. no matter who
or what has failed. •...--;
WE Alf MEN L* 3Bl v *B° r and vitality re-
VIXHIV HI Urn stored to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or
shrunken through diseases, overwork, excesses
or indiscretions are restored to full power,
strength and vigor by his successful system of
treatment.
DIIDTIIQE Cured by his new method without
nUll Untune of knife or detention from
work— a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VARIPRPI-I F Hydrocele, swelling and ten-
iHniUUULLk derness of the glands treat-
ed with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON ?}?".
eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the system forever. >•.•*" .'-.-;
PRIVATE DISEASES, , e n h 2.. .r t, .'.";
which. If neglected or Improperly treated,
break down the system and cause kidney, dis-
ease, etc.. permanently cured.
Cl FPTDIPITY Static. Galvanic and Fa-
LLLUiniUll 1 i radic Electricity scientifi-
cally used and polled in all Its modern forms
in conjunction with special medical treatment
In all cases where It can he of benefit.
WRITE If you cannot call at his office, fully
I J illl L describing your symptoms and you
will receive in plain envelope a scientific and
honest' opinion of your case and a book of
valuable information free of charge. " . I
Office hours. 9 a, m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. in. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address *•'--;'• J."!
F.L.BWEANY.M D.,737 Market St., Ban Tranci.o,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fW, . Steamers leave Broadway
'BfflDJi wharf. Pan Francisco:
_nk__ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m .
1 Mli>f JW_fc. Apr. }. 6, 11. 18. 21. 2«. May 1:
■ _t_H%_l change at Seattle.
195523 91 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I fi___l-_^d___ti c ->> Port Townsend, Seattle.
t^^' i *atS'-?«?»l Taccma. Everett. Anacortes
, "»W_H__i and New Whatcom (Wash.).
.'■'■ ' 10 a. m.. Apr. 1. 6, 11, I*. 21,
2«. May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Apr. 4.
9. 14, 19. 24. 29. May i. and every fifth . day
thereafter. ,
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenema.
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. «, 10. 14, 18. 22, 2«.
80. May 4. and- every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Bedondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8. 12: 18. 20. 24, 28. May 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jr*t«e del
Cabo, Ma.atlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. • " -:■■<;■■
I For further Information * obtain - folder. - '
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ani") **i«Mir* of. sailing. ■
TICKET OFFICE-. New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). : . , - ..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. ;
..-,■■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. ft, & N. GO.
DTFPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ,'.'*•
PORTLAND
• From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA DC St 2 First Class Including Berth.
IMIIL S3 Second Clan . and Meal..
Columbia sails March It.- 24; April i. U, a. " .-'
State of California sails March li, 2*: AprU
f. 18. 28. !
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East. -
E. C. WARD, General Agent. -:'
OO Markat street - ,'
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
. Superintendent.
ADVERTISEMEIyi TS.
THEY RIDICULE IT.
Many People Ridicule the Idea of an
Absolute Cure for Dyspepsia
And Stomach Troubles.
Ridicule, However, Is Not Argu-
ment, and Facts Are Stub-
born Things.
Stomach troubles are so common and in
most cases so obstinate to cure that peo- j
i pie are apt to look .with suspicion on any
remedy claiming- to be a radical, perma- ;
nent cure, for dyspepsia and Indigestion. I
Many such pride themselves on their
acutenesa In never being humbugged, es- I
pecially in medicines.
"This fear of being humbugged can be ;
carried too far; so far, in fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines for
the reason that they are not a secret pat- j
ent patent medicine; no secret is made :
of their Ingredients, but analysis shows
them to contain the natural digestive
ferments, pure asceptlc pepsin, the diges- i
tive acids, Golden Seal, bismuth, hydras-
tls and nux. They are not cathartic, i
neither do they act powerfully on any .
organ, but they cure indigestion on the
common-sense plan of digesting the food
eaten thoroughly before it has time to
ferment, sour and cause the mischief.
This Is the only secret of their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never
can cure indigestion and stomach troub- I
les because they acj entirely on the bow- ,
els, whereas the whole trouble Is really
in the stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That is all there !
Is to It. Food not digested or half digest-
ed is poison as it creates gas, acidity, i
headaches, palpitation of the heart, loss
of flesh and appetite and many other
troubles which are often called by some I
other name.
They are sold by druggists everywhere j
at 50 cents per package. Address F. A. ;
Stuart Co.. Marshall, Mich., for little .
book on stomach diseases, sent free.
_f~%_ Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fit ,n 1804 for tho treatment of Prlvato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
625 KEARNY XT- Est-iDUshed
in 1854 for tha treatment oi S-rivat-
Plseases, Lost Manhnod. Debility or
•& nßa_S__n disease wearing on bodyand mind and
*_*W^^"S33 Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
otheisfall. Try him. Charge** lo*.*.*
fnrfi.naranlffd. Call ortvrite.
Ur. J- _■*- .illtKß-i Box .357, Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW FORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m. ;
St. Louie April 12; St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris '. May 10
New York April 25 ! St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Ant-warp.
From New YoVk Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12 ; Noordland May 3,
Westernland ...April 19 Friesland May 10 i
Kensington ....April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE Ll>E.
•Seattle. St. Ml.ha.l. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas- !
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO kisMlaTshl
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR- |
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo) Nagasaki and Shanghai, and !
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for |
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. Juns 1
Round trin tickets at reduced rates.- For ,
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
@HB_aß__l|{4 8. s - Mariposa
l_a_2_9ll_ salls vla Honolulu
■■"■,■■ and Auckland for
tj ' Sydney Wednesday,
7a_/L* > April 19 nt 10 p. m. ]
XfMfTKllin'J The s - s - Australia
G.MIII.JIIIU'- sal is for Honolulu.
(pfllßflfZ-h } v ; m.' la -'- Ma - / •*• at '
Favorite. Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. -New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez, ,
England, etc.; $610 flrst-class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERAL- TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. i*-0_).
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. ■«'fc£ffE_
from Pier 42, North River, foot of "»i~t^~»
Morton st. LA BRETAONE. April 15: LA
TOURAINE. April 22: LA GASCOGNE. April
29: LA NORMANDIE, May 6; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, May 13. First-class to Havre. (68 !
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
trip, Second-class to Havre, (48, 10 per cent !
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY !
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3
Bowling Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye..
San Francisco.
BAY . AND BIVEZI STEAMERS.
STOCKTON H-XcFrsToNS.
STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted.) . Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m. ;
dally (excepting Sunday). ~ j
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
; Steamer "Montlcello."
Will be laid off the route for general repairs j
for. about 10 days, commencing Monday night, ;
April 10, 1899. / :
RATT/HOAXi TBAVEL.
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. -'i';
Tlb'uron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
. SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri-ji
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:04
and 11:80 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PATS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45. j
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:3.') p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, \ 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, j
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parle i
lame schedule as above. -^ ■■
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. !
. . October 16, -— — ; .-—
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- i Week j
Days. ' Days. I Destination. days. . I days. j
7:30 am 8:170 am' Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am |
3:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:33 pm 8:3 i:,i
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor. 10:25 am i
Healdsburg,
Lytton, -*
Geysorvllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra ;
Hopland and
' 7:30 am * Ukiah. 7:3," pm 6:22 pm
7:80 am '•'••*- 1 10: ara
•' •-' ■'•-- 8:00 am Gurneyvllle. 7:86 pml
3:30 pm , 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6.10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am: 8:00 am Sebastopol. .0:40 nm 10:23 am
8:30 pml 5:00 pmi 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
r — ■ *-*! **
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for j
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, ;
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad i
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Hartlett I
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Spring?. Saratoga ,
fprings, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
prings. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell'e, !
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullviiie, Booneville. Orr's j
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westoort. Usal, Willitts. Laytonvllle, Cum. I
ining's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, I
Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round ■' trip tickets at '
reduced rates. -
On Sundays round ■ trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg. |
p. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
• General' Manager. Sea. P__s A_--„l, j
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
ISTo. 39 GEARY ST,
"WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Creditors.
COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12. 1899.
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until nP a.c disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE
GOODS OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES BRON»E3, EBONY GOODS.
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS. SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS. ROBES, JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY & '''>.. Auctioneers.
ATT, ROAD TRAV__L.
KOI Tlli;»t.\ l>At'l_*lC COMPANY.
(racinc SYSTKM.i
Trwln* *♦**»»«• ami mr tlti* to nrrlve t»»
MAN lIUNCI-il'lt.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbavi — Fbom ArniL 9, 1899. ' — akrit»
•(>:OOa Nil"». San Joss and Way Stations... "8:45 a
?:OUa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.. . 3:_sp
7:-Oa MaryßTille. Orovllle and Bedding ila
Woodland B:48r
7:OOa F.itr.irs. Vacarille and Rumsey B:_s_>
7::t«A Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa, -■--. .'-.
Calistogn and Santa Rosa 6:35p
8:OOa Atlantic Kxprcas, Ogd-U and I'.afit.. _:4"»r
■i3l»_ Sau Jose, LlTermore, Stockton, ..
lone, Sacramento, Placerville.
MaryiwHu, Chico, He.ir.ln- 4:15p
S::*Oa "Milton, Oakdale and _o_pr_ _t.sp
9:00- Martinez, Tracy, I-athrop, Stockton,
■arced and Fresno _2:l_P
■iOOa Fresno, Haktrsiield. Santa lUrliara,
Los Angeles. Demiog, F.l Paso,
New Orlyans and East «:4.*ip
I.HMIa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:_sp
l-:OOM Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Porterrille 4:15p
•l:OOp Sacramento Plver Steamers "S:OOp
_:OOi> Martinez, Ran Ilniiion, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga.' Santa Moaa »«15*
4iooi- Benicia, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Kni.lits 1-indiug,
V '•' MarysTlllo, OroTiUe 10:4Sa
4::K»p Niles, San. loss and Stockton TjlSp
l:30p Yoiemits Sleeping Car for Raymond lB:15p
S:OOrTheOvrl. Fresno, Bakersfleld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles. _. 9:45_
«.5:00p Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso, .
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 18:45 a
3:30p Stockton, Merced. Fresno _8:I5p
, st_Op Martinez. Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
.Mojave and l.os Angeles S:4Aa
3:30p Sanlii Fe Itmils. Atlantic Express
for Mojave ami East 6:4" ip
lliiiiir Kirropenn Mall, <i«'le-. and East.... »:4»a
«:«:>p Haywards, Nllea and San Jose 7:15 a.
*0:Ottl* Vnilejn l»:l
7:OOr Oregon Kaiirt-_,Saeraniauto, Marys-
ville. Ite.ldliig, Portland, Puget
■ .Sound anil East 7:45 a
l_:OOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- ■< .
tions »1 0:50**
tlO:05p Suntet Limited. Fresno, I.os
Angeles, El Pa»o, New Orleans
and Kant tl;4Bp
SAX Li: AN IMtn A>'» lI A TWA EDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"1 Jlelrote, Seminary Park, ( 6:43 a
8:00 a I Fitrliliurir, Elmlinrst, ! *:l3a
>0:OOa San Leamlro, South San t*9:43A
lO.OOa I Leamlro, Khliiillllo, IO:«5\
:II:OOa *• Lorenzo, Cherry i*.! .?*
iUa* T HIII , l«x_»p
5 :V »"P H..y,T«r.la. -* : *'^
'• oiip i Runs through to Niles. ~,*Zl
) t From Niles. I «»■«■> r
COAST DIVISIOM (Narrow bailee).
(Foot of Market, Street.)
17'*3a Santa Cruz Eicursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBto3j»
8:1 5 a Newark.CenterTille.San Jose.Felton,
I'rinMerCr-ek.Saiita Cruz and Way
Stations 3:50r
*2:13p Newark, Cer.terTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:80 a *
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:2©A.
64: 1 5p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tio.B [____
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN raiKClSCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A. V. J1:00 '2:00 t3:09
•4:00 JB:00 *6:ooi'.M.
froraOill.iliD— foot or Broadway.— -6:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:00 »1:00 t3:PO •'3:00 t*:o3 _____
COAST DIVISION' (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•0:1 South San Francisco »6:30p
*7:OOa .San .lone ami Way Stations (New ,
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa ( m/, Picitie Grove and
Principal Way SUtions iB:_3»>
9:00 a Sail .Ins-. Trea J'lnos. Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Crove. Paso Monies, San
Luis <>liia|><>. (,'uaiUluiie, Surf anil
Principal Wav Ntations 4:IOe
l*:10« Snn .lose mill Way .Stations "»:OOa
11*.30 a San -Jose and Way Stations B:3op
•»i4sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
* Palo Alto. SanUCiara, Sun .lose,
Cilmy, Hollister, Santa tVuz,
.Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
(; r „ye *IO:*t«A
•B:S*p San Jose and Way Stations •*•*••*
•4ilSr Ban Jose and Principal Wpy Si.it.ions 0:45
*3:00p Pan Jose and Principal Way Stations Oc'JOa
5:30:* Sail Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:35 a
H::tOi> San Joae and WayStaMom . 7:»op
t11:45i- San Jo— and Way Stations ■ *»4f
AIM Morning. P for Afternoon
•Sundays excepted. } Sunday only. + fin .unlays only.
".Mondays only. bSs,tnrday and Sunday.
/Sunday and Monday.
Caliibrnia
Limited
Santa' Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.^ y^„
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturaa"
and Tuesday-Arriving in New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. : * -\ ;> -;
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car. -, -
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m MA-CISCO TICREToFTIEE — 1»" Mitt .ST.-
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 23l J Store at.
Sin Joss Office— 7 Wast Santa Clara Sk.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAI.T.Kt
AND .SAN RAFAEL. : .
"WEEK DATS— •7:2O,- •9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *l:«a,
3:*J5. 0:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 'S.-00. •10:00. «U:3O a. m. ; •1:1S,
8:00. »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN. RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -6:25. '6:35. 1:15. *S:3O a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. •3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. »S:00. *10:00. 11:55 a. m.;
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. no.;
12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:20 p. m. __
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way;
stations.
1:00 a-m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAH JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 18», trains will run as follows!
' South-bound. I North-bound.
■ <
Paasen- j Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. I Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. [Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily. ;
• 7:20 am 10:30 ami Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pra
1:10 am! 2:05 pmi Merced 12:40 pm! 4:13 pra
10:40 am, 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 ami 2:42 pro
11:3S ami 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pra
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalia 6:*o ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm; 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:06 pra
'. Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other correction*
Inquire at raffle Manager's Office. 321 Mark.es
*treet___-.n.F'-a_icl3co. V .. v .:n. :.. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Terry.) ■'..-:• ■
Leave San Francisco, commencing- Sundays
«ept. 11. 1893: • 
Week Days— 9:3o a. to., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, *1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agenta, «Q kUIM
\ _a_-«.u Saa Fraacleca.
910
GUALALA HAD
HER CUSTOMARY
TURN OF SPEED
Led Aluminum Out a
Scant Head.
WYOMING, PREMIER ACROBAT
LED HIS COMPANY OUT IN REG
ULAR RAG-TIME.
Horton Had. His Colors Lowered by
Monta_n_s Alary's Garter a
— Three Choices •
Downed.
Gualala, the fast filly which races in
the colors of Marcus Daly, tho Montana
millionaire, and Is trained by the veteran
Dan Dennlson, celebrated her sixth vic
tory at Oakland track yesterday. She
•was allotted XX) pounds In the six-furlong
handicap, and with McNichols on her
back tiptoed her company all the way,
boating out Aluminum a scant head In
1:14 flat. The latter, thrown in with a
"catch," came very near being a surprise.
Allyar, which seems to have no speed
since Pat Dunne let him go, run a disap
pointing third.
There was nothing connected with the
day's racing deserving of special mention
outside of an acrobatic performance or
two. Three favorites were disposed of.
The "corkscrew twister" turned by
Wvomlng. with Shields tip. in the mile
and a sixteenth run, was appreciated by
all those speculators who backed the
horse on Saturday* last, when he ruled
favorite and ran unplaced. Yesterday,
over the same route, ti to 1 was chalked
against the Brown entry and he won with
ludicrous ease. De Happy, a 12 to 1 shot,
finished second, and -Roadrunner, against
which 100 to 1 was laid, ran third. Hardly,
the favorite, showed to poor advantage.
Lady Meddlesome, favorite for the in
troductory sprint over the Futurity
course, was unable to get a mark. She
showed speed to the stretch and then
fell back beaten. Thorpe managed to get
the second choice Dolore away in front
and was never headed. Heigh Ho, with
116 pounds up, finished strong, causing the
■winner to be ridden out.
The mile and a sixteenth selling run
saw a brilliant array of "crabs" face the
barrier. Einstein, with Bassinger in the
paddle, closed a slight favorite over
Major Hooker, and leading most of the
"journey won cleverly from the latter.
Kllev landed Kosemaid In the show.
"Daggle" Smith's cam.- colt Horton was
beaten again in the third number, a
sprinting affair. Slow to begin, he made
up a deal of ground, but could not catch
Montanus, which won easily. Ach, a 100
to 1 shot, led into the stretch and then
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, April 11, Sixty-ninth
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. 6MITH. Presiding judge.
JAMES F. CALDWEIA, Starter.
O^/> FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
944 Dolore, 5 109 2
MS Heigh Ho. 4 lie -4
808 Socialist. 4 . US 6
934 Aliiria, 3 104 8
'938 Maud Ferguson, 3.. 104 3
<934) L. Meddlesome, 3... 104 1
951 February. 5 109 5
UK Major Cook, a Ml 10
867 Don Fulano. a 124; 7
198 Watossa, 3 110, 9
1 <A
5 Vz
6 3
1 4
2 h
8 y,
7 2
10
8 1
• 4 4
.*sm.
1 1
4 1
2 2
I 4
3 h
6 2
- 1
10
~ H
5 4
1 1
3 1
2 2
5 1
4 1
6 1
7 1
W
9 2
ST.
1 11,I 1 , Thorpe „
2 2 J. Reift
3 3 Jenkins
4 . Garland
6 4 Powell
6 4 Jones
7 4 Macklln
8 3 Lloyd
9 6 W. Narvaez.. j
10 H. Shields.. ..
Fin.
Jockeys.
; Ueti
Op.
3
8
10
5
4
3-2
S
30
50
I IS
ting.
Cl.
3
15
15
15
7-5
10
200
60
Time— To. %. 'Mhi; last %. 1:014; shorty, 1:114. Winner, J. Naglee Burkes b. m.
by WiMldle-Rosette. Poor start. Won first three driving.
Heigh Ho came fast and Dolore was ridden out. Socialist ran a nice race considering
the weight. Alaria wretchedly ridden. Favorite lacked speed. February was lame.
Major Cook almost left.
Scratched— Taruba lt'ti, Saintly V/ 6, Annowan 10S, Gratify 111, Silver State 109, Florence
Fink 84,' ' ': : - 108.
CkCZT SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth inileg; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
uoii purse, $400. .
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. Std. Mm. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. ] Jockeys.
■M 4 Einstein, 4 106' 6 3h 31 I^s 13 12 14 [Bassinger ....
871 Major Hooker, 4. ...106 7 54 64 4>» 4H 31 23 Macklin
SS9 Rosemald, 4 104 3 44 "6 G4 61 B% 3h Klley
S7« Mnlnbar, 4 If* 463 14 2'J 24 23 4 '4 Jones
Uvln B, 5 114 8 S's 'M 0 S3 7 1 6 2 5 1 J. Russell
S<44 None Such, 4 106 6 96 44 61 3h 41 64 Jenkins
93? Reolia. 4 K'4 10 1U lv 10 10 SI 75 I. Powell
1 lh 6h 72 54 74 81 Thorpe
4 106 9 7 2 x 2 910 S4 9 2 i* : W. Narvaez..
2 h 2_h IJ Oray
Time— l-16, :Vf; B-M, :U%: 9-16, :56's; U-16, 1:234; mile, 1:42' ? ; 1 1-16 mil<». l:50 :
ncr, Earnahaw Hros.' b. g. by Riley-Maggle H. Good start. Won first thr<>^ dr
The Major dropped in as- the ball was over. Tuu far for Mainbar. Alvin E
Improvement. Reolia n apt
Scratched— Colonial Dame 104.
. Std. !,m.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
ln c!:
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
8-5 2
5-2 11-5
15 12
5 7
15 50
20 20
6 8
6 • 15
30 00
40 100
W. Win-
ivlnir
lVlng.
: showed
QCO THIRD RACK— Futurity course; selling; three- year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight. -St.
%m.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
<935) Montanus 104 3
917 Hort « 113 '7
938 Jennie Rv.d 69 10
93S Genua 101 2
920 Sweet Cakes 99 9
SSS Juva 102 5
938 Ach ~ 104 1
751 Fompino 101! 8
532 Lothian 101 6
930 Gold Scratch 101| 4
4 4
6 1
10
1 h
3 2
6 2
2 2
I h
' '-!
9 1
4 2
6 2
7 4
2 3
5 2
5 IK
1 h
8 2
10
91
3 1
4 2
6 2
1 h
6 %
7 1
2 6
8
9
10
1 4 Macklin
2 2 Thorpe 4
3 h Lonllier
4 1 W. Xarvaez..
6 2 Orav
8 1 11. Powell
7 2 [Jenkins
8 1 Hal Brown. . .
9 4 Devin
10 Basslnger
3 12-5
i 6-5 11-10
• 15 15
10 13
so .-■>
I 10
i 6 . 10
' 6(t 150
I 40 60
I 40 50
Time fc: to V :45V* ; last %, 1:01%: short \. 1:12. Winner, W. D. Randall's
].. c. by Montana-Jttlrt. (rood nta.rt. Won very handily.
mv« won with a jM.unci or m«<re to spare. Ilnrton lacked speed flr=t part. Jennie
up much ground lost at start. Genua«and Ah raced themselves to a stand-
still.
Scratched -Ailyar 104. Oraibw lf>i. Jerry Hunt 104.
Qp-Q FOURTH RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Wetsbt
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys. j
lE. Jones I
921 Alary's Garter 108 9 It ... 11 \k. Jones 2 9.5
Bu3 Champion Rote W S ... ... 51 ... 2n a [Stewart 100 20u
MM Qiga IM 8 4H ... 3 2 lJenkins 15 20
933 Icedrop 108 1 2 1 ... 4 1 Macklln 4 !-•>
.i.-nnie Rll<-y Ho 6 6 4 ... 6 4 H. Shields.... 10 20
821 Tom Sharkey 108 4 7 2 ... 6 11. Powell 12 15
840 Trei Jr. II" 11l 9 2 2 ... 74 W. Narvaez.. 100 150
JUu Ned tennis 108 7 10 4 ... 8 1 JFrawley 3 9-2
527 Tanobe 108 5 8 1 ... 9 2 Snider 6 12
Xl Yantic Stt H ... ... 9 1 ... 10 10 Selby 100 l!S0
:•:; 1^ odea 111 10 12 ... 11 4 Thorpe 6 in
_927 Castlso aO|U ... ... 11 2 ... 12 Vugt ..„ [ 30- 100
Tim- -.. :s(tti. Winner. J. Carroll's eh. f. Imp. Golden Garter-Alary. Qoed
ttart. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Alary' b Garter received a running start. Champion Rose a surprise. It-edrop melted
Id* were overheated. Powell outpointed Tom Sharkey. »d Dennis can do
much b
Scratched— Artemis 108, Moana 108.
Stewart
Jenkins
Macklin
H. Shields....
I. Fowell
W. Narvaez..
iFrawley
Snider
2
100
15
4
10
12
100
3
6
100
9-5
200
20
7-2
20
15
150
9-2
12
150
Selby
[Thorpe
iVo X t ;
jVogt
Q«A FIFTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
*7\JV/» purse, 3400. ■ " '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ; St. Std. %m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. <?p. tU a!
" 948 Wyoming. 6 110 1 8h 4h t 4 2~1 2~« 1 1 H. Shields.... ~B 6
(146) Be Happy. 4 104 5 88 72 73 61 41 23 Jenkins .... 10 12
$49 Roadrunner, a 11l 2 lh 21 24 34 8h 34 IMacklln ..." no 100
(129) Potente. 4 104 992 »1 82 10 74 4h Garland .. c 10
♦32 Caspar, 5 111 4 4h 14 14 11 14 6 1 Romero ... '. 30 no
536 Hardly. 4 104 3 2h 54 Eh 61 81 68 Jones .... 'k 0 3
846 Glen Anne, 4 102 10 10 10 10 54 9 7 2 McNlchols 10 10
(91J) I'ing. 4 109 8 7 1 3 4 3«4 4h 6 4 3 4 I. Powell , 4 • 4
945 CroMmollna, 3 97 7 64 810 88 82 61 98 Weber . 10 10
546 Hohenzollern. 6 lit « 6 4 61 81 7 4 10 10 Pig r,tt .'.'.'.'.'. 4 7-2
Time— l-16. -M\.; 6-16. -.31%; 9-16. :56%; 13-16, 1:234: mile, 1:44%; 1 1-16 m. 1-49 -vvin
ner. J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Pardee- Caprice.. Good start. Won easily.' Second and
third driving.
Wyoming and Shields are too deep for the average racegoer. With a ride Potente
could have been second and might have won. Caspar, ran on borrowed speed Hardly Is
stale. Hohenzollern blew out both cylinders and was towed into port. Pine started in
make funeral expenses. • .lv
Scratched— Fa -.ham 82. Tom Calvert 102, Whaleback 92. ''•<','
Betting.
Op. Cl.
O(il -SIXTH RACE-Six furlongs; handicap;
upward; purse, $500.
Indr-x. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
*«m.
Str.
Fin.
<943) Gualala, 3 |
932 Aluminum, 4 „
«17 Ailyar, 3
Highland Ball. 4...
r<43 Tony Llcalzl, 4
ante Glbb, 5
1
8
a
s
4
6
6
1 1
2-2
82
4 h
6
6 16
1 2
2 3
3 3
4 3
6
& 12
1 3
2 2
84
4 3
6
68
1 ns
2 8
3 n
4 20
6 1
I
JIB ...
own...
1
M
8-5
10
10
60
er
_. T1 Jl' : i. :«4: H.. 1:14. Winner, Marcus Daly's eh. f. by Imp. Gcldflnch-
Ki^s-.M^-Qulok. Good start except Tony Llcalzt Won first three driving.
v\lth a stronger ride Aluminum could have won. Ailyar has not yet found his loet
•tock of speed. He will, though. Highland Ball cut off and butchered, Llcalzl left.
"dogged" it badly. Jennie Reid finished'
in the show. -'"
Corrigan's filly, Alary's Garter, with all
the best of the start, was never headed
in the two-year-old spin. She ruled fa
vorite and led Champion Rose out a
length.
Track Notes.
"Billy" Randall's shifty performer,
Tammany Hall 11, which Injured himself
so badly at Ingleside some weeks ago by
running into a fence,. was destroyed yes
terday, as blood poisoning had made its
appearance. The animal was owned by
William Tuohy of Anaconda, Mont.
It is said that W. H. Martin, suspended
by the Oakland officials for several pe
culiar looking rides, will shortly be rein
stated.
Charley Quinn seems to possess the oc
cult power of mind reading. When things
had quieted down ln the betting ring and
everybody else was aboard, Quinn backed
Wyoming in the books that would take
his money. . " . -
It was reported around the track that
Powell had been suspended for his ride
on Ping, but the rumor proved an Idle
one. Ivy is having a right jolly time of
lt. and it would be cruelty to set him
down. Powell can ride a despised out.
sider, but when It comes' to tossing the
leg over a short priced one, like Nash
Turner, he Is seized with an attack of
wind colic and curvature of the spine.
Cash Sloan was so pleased with Henry
Shields' bareback ride on Wyoming that
he bid the horse up $250 over his entered
selling price of $400.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-old- and up; selling:
934 Sidelong 93 941 Melkarth ........101
St.";* Judge Wofford... 79 889 Stan Rowers ...101
934 • liucus S9 944 Don Vallejo 105
934 Romany 93 892 Otlberto 98
934 Peter Weber.... 79 939 Morana 99
892 Glengaber 96 934 Festoso «... 96
873 Ballverso 101 934 Yaruba 93
i94l)Tulla_nore 108 '.'34 Cleodora 84
Second Race— furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens:
903 Kolena 1051 ... Racetto 115
952 Hindoo Princ'ss.lls Racine-Manetta.
940 Big Horn LIS I ... ills. Vera 115
940 Flush of G01d. .105 Amlgo-Fame,
927 St. Elizabeth.... lls ... Beautiful Bill..
703 Candlelight 11.. .118 1 Bathampton-Belle of
952 Rachel C .115 Butte.
959 Casttso 115 ... P. Dannenbaum.lls
933 Tar Hill lis' Nomad-Blondlnette.
... Pvtbla 115 ... Artilla 115
* Lew Weir-Victory. I Artillery-Ventura,
Third Race— and a half furlongs; the
Olympic stakes; value, $1000:
987 M.-ana '•' 1 -■'-'Winyah ...113
933 Burdock 100 928 Golden Rule 123
904 Stsquoc 971
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and ip; selling:
956 Socialist 1091 932 Kamsin 112
(930) Paul Griggs 113l(9ol)Frohm_n 109
m Don Gara 115l(94S)Gullder 109
(917) Headwater 1071 932 Don Luis 109
930 Amasa 1101 926 Crawford 112
Fifth Race— and a quarter; three-year
olds and up:
949 Olinthus 1121 537 Corslne 106
9?: Los Medanos....los 931 First Tenor 112
929 Llmewater 1051
Sixth Race— One and an eighth miles; han
dicap:
911 David Tenny....H4| 948 Plan 90
(955)Topm_st 114 918 Mlstleton 90
911 Rosinante 1031 945 Favershara ~ SO
Selections for To-Bay.
First Race— Pallucus, Festoso, Peter Weber.
Second Race— Rachel C, Tar Hill, Big Horn.
Third Race— Golden Rule, Winyah, Burdock.
Fourth Race — Headwater, Paul Griggs,
Guilder.
Fifth Race— Corslne, Olinthus, First Tenor.
Slith Race — Rosinante, Topmast, David
Tenny.
THE SAN EBAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
SHOT THE MAN WHO
WRECKED HIS HOME
JOSEPH CLARK ON TRIAL FOR
' MURDER.
Elements of Self-Defense and Tem
porary Insanity Will Enter
Into the Defense of
the Prisoner.
The trial of Joseph Clark for the killing
of Joseph P. Gross, which occurred No
vember 30, 1898, in front of the fire engine
house on Stockton street, between Pa
cific and Broadway, Is progressing
rapidly in Judge Dunne's 'court. The
trial promises interesting developments.
Clark, the defendant, claims that Gross
had been intimate with his wife, and, in
fact, Mrs. Clark left her husband about
three months before the shooting, went
to live away from him and took. Gross
Into her home as a boarder. Clark says
that the dead man broke up his home
through questionable means and the loss
of his wife turned his mind arid culmi
nated in his arrest for murder. Although
the defendant does not deny that he de
liberately killed Gross, a certain element
of self-defense will enter into the case, as
it Is contended that when the two men
met just before the killing Gross made
a threatening movement and then a bul
let from Clark's revolver ended his life.
Louis P. Boardman, who made the last
appeal for Durrant before the United
States Supreme Court, and H. Dlgby
Johnston are representing the prisoner.
Reliance for acquittal of the defendant
rests upon the contended justification of
the killing through Gross' acts in wreck
ing Clark's home, while if this fails a
technical fight on the ground of Insanity,
the element of self-defense and other
points will be made*
After the jury -was impaneled yesterday
George W. Russell was placed upon the
stand to explain the chart he had drawn
of the engine-house, where the killing
took place, Thomas J. Coogan, a fireman,
was next sworn. He proved a reluctant
witness, at least when it came to cross
examination, and caused heated ■words
between the court and counsel for the
defense. He admitted having been to
Mrs. Clark's home with the dead man
and had been told by the deceased that
he "boarded" with the defendant's wife.
Dr. Campbell Ford was called to testify
that he was summoned after the fatal
shot had been fired and found Gross dead,
and Fireman John J. Mahoney was put
on the stand to testify to equally formal
matters, after which the case went over
till to-day.
Death of Capitalist Gregory.
George D. Gregory, a retired capitalist,
70 years old, died at St. Luke's Hospital
last Sunday from an abscess caused by
colliding with a post in the dark a short
time ago. -v,.':>
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks and di
aries. Best poods, best values. Sanborn
& Vail's, 741 Market street. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
G F Simonds, Mass L D Hammond, Chgo
W Peyton, Cal Mrs L D Hammond,
W Knabe, Baltimore j . Chicago
J X Choate, Denver Miss Hammond, Chgo
J M Forsythe, 0 B N II i' Fenn, S D
Sj M Smith, Pa AG Harvey, England
Saltaro 01, Japan ■ Mrs A G Harvey,
H V Pearse. Denver j England
Mrs H V Pearse, Den Miss G E Crawford,
X W Rosekrans. Cal England
Mrs Q W Rosekrans, F Charles, N V
Cal I Mrs A J Patchln,
C H Abbott, Oakland Mich
C 1' Breslaw. S Jose M M Potter, L Ang
J E Budd, Cal F H Buck. r a i
W A McKeown, Cal Mrs F H Buck, Cal
S Emanuel, Cal Mrs C Hill. N V
E W Runyon, Cal Mrs B Valentine, N V
I. Metayer, NY NO Briggs, Cal
J Welsl, NY .1 R Forrest. N V"
A L Ceuster, Fla J W Graeme, US N
A J Hammond, L Ang I R L McCormick. Wis
B W Lee. L Ang Mrs R L McCormick,
, E L Fleppin. Texas j Wis
Mrs _ L Fleppin, Tex! A F Biedler, Cbgo
P B McCabe. L Ang, A H Reeve, N J
: M Woolley, N I I Mrs A H Reeve. N J
' P R Michael. Ohio Miss B Hannah, Chgo
Miss M E Michael, O.W S Stitt, Chicago
Miss J. G. Michael, O Mrs H Baldwin, D C
Q W Post, Cal J F Davis, Jackson
Mrs (} B Post, Cal I A.R Jones, Boston
I J 3 Fisher, Pa Mrs A R Jones, Bostn
Mrs J J Fisher, Pa \ Miss M R Jones, Bost
Major J L Tiernan, ; N T Smith, S Carlos
USA
GRAND HOTEL
V P McGlilycuddy N D Miss McCndden, Cal
Mrs N B White, Can Mrs W Edson, Knights
Mrs L Schllcterburgh, ;R Harkinson & w, Cal
Washington |H W Titcomb, L Ang
Q H Martin, USA OC Titcomb. L Ang
H Barry. Lacow, 111 T Ried, w & c. N V
W C Bird &w, Cal C W Cook, Colusa
T C Plnkrey, Cal P A Baker, St Paul
H Day, S Jose A Pascoe & w, Pa
H Wltzell. USS lowa Miss Pasco, Pa
L Karmay, USS lowa L I Bay, L Ang
C Conkllng, Cal W B Miner, S Jose
Miss J. Waldorf, N V A Holbrook & w, Minn
Miss A D Currle, NY J Drysdale, Madera
J M Messirodl. Stkn Mrs Blasingame, Cal
H L Emery, Laurie A Harkins &w, Cal
T M Meahan, Cal A Roseburg & w. Cal
G Alexander, Cal H J Corcoran, Stkn
C W Stewart &w. Chic J Rush & w, Denver
. R H Cowles, Nevada 'G E Macomber, Me
D M Clough, Auburn iMlss Sawyer, Boston
' B F Hartley, Auburn IMrs Lewis, Benicia
W '" Elfshouston, Eng f H G Turner & s, Cal
A Clark &w, Chicago W D Buckley, Safcto
Q Schmidt, w & s, Col! J R Turner, S Diego
F M Thomas. Cal IF Rosenthal, Tulare
Mrs Hosteupe, Cal Dr. Barr, Marysville
R E LeGood, Clovls I A L Inlow. Cal
Ade Lair, L Ang I A Clark. Stockton
J McCudden, Valejo IG W. McMartin, USA
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Werly. Martinez W Kelsey & w. lowa
A P Erickson, Fresno W Burn, Halifax
A Wolf & f, S Jose H H Wells. Minn
O 3 Jacobs, Sacto G Canter, St Louis
~ C Myers, L Ang II L Fisher. Chico
J Connolly. S Rosa J Maxwell. Vlsalia
J Ring, Chicago C Horn, S Rafael
A Johnson. NY J F Dixon, Marysville
X E Buckner. S Rosa Mrs Smith, Stockton
Mrs Beck, Sacto
Dr. Parkhurst, the reformer, de
clares the big cities of America are
preparing for a great revolution, and
he tells all about it in next Sunday's
Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 11.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 12 hours fm
Fish Rock.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 11.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Apr Bark
Topgallant, for San Francisco; schr Wawona,
for Newport.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 11-Stmr Noyo,
fur San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Apr 11— Stmr Scotia, for
Newport.
. TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr' Fran
cisco, from Hull.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York via Boulogne.
ST. VINCENT— SaiIed Apr Stmr Capenor,
for Ship Island. ■ / . --
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— .27 Montgomery . street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:36 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
• 2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock. ■
MEETING NOTICES.
•
FUNERAL NOTICE^
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. T. ____
Officers and members are hereby THM****
notified to assemble .In the asylum fCS
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY). W
at 2:30 o'clock p. m. sharp for the ▼
purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased frater, •
SIR WILLIAM C. SMITH.
By order of ' • ,'-_ > '.■>
SIR JOHN P. FRABER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder. ■
MOUNT Morlah Lodge Nov 44, F. and _~~
A. Meeting THIS (WEDNES- _l\_
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec-ICY
ond Degree. • *▼ "
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. •
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and- A. _~~
M. Chapter . Hall, Masonic Temple. __f%
I). Ist. THIS (WEDNESDAY) .CV
EVENING. April 15, at 7:30 o'clock. />T>
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 168, F. and A. __
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _l\
DAY EVENING, April 12th, at 7:31 1_X
o'clock. First Degree. /^r>
■ !.y .-■'■>, THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
.-■''- .-:■ . • • ■
MEETING Continued.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. a
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- __
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First^L_>_
Degree. /▼>
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of -aid Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
. meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market et.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon it* steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By. order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company. . *
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye.. to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections .made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
"CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty- 1
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Thursday, April 20th, 1899.
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
14th,- 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or housework; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations — Several flrst-class
cooks, chambermaids, waitresses, laundresses,
etc. Ladles can secure flrst-class help of all
nationalities by calling on or addressing
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian laundress desires
situation: best local references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
good references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
SWEDISH flrst-class seamstress and chamber-
maid with good references; also 2 second
girls. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
' worker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SWEDISH houseglrl, good cook and laundress,
2 years' ref. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situa-
tions at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkin St.; tele-
phone Sutter 52.
A-NO. 1 second girl, best of reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN woman, flrst-class carver, makes all
delicious kinds of salads, dressings, also
' roasts, fish and meat; jelly dishes; able to
take charge of a store; city or country. Box
1171, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do housework or take care of invalid, .or
will work by the day; no objection to short
distance in the country. Address, stating
wages, box 966, Call office.
WANTED— A situation by a reliable woman
in a private family; a good cook and will
do light housework; moderate wages; no pos-
tal cards answered. Call at 3856 Twenty-
third st., near Sanchez.
A LADY', thoroughly exeperienced ln artlstlo
hair-dressing, facial massage and manicur-
ing, to take charge ' department In 'flrst-class
establishment in Seattle. Address room 70,
319 Sutter st.
REFINED American lady would like position
as companion to invalid lady or grown child-
ren; no objections to traveling; best of ref-
erences. Box 973, . Call office.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes situa-
tion for housework: city or country; good
. plain coo?;; moderate wages and good home.
1065 Market st., opposite Jones.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation; under-
stands German cooking thoroughly: or would
do general housewkork In a small family;
wages $25. 344 Grove St. : ~ ;*.-*
WANTED-7A situation as housekeeper by a
middle-aged woman; no objection to the coun-
try: can give references. Call or address, 517
Ninth st.. Oakland. ,:.•-;
A YOUNG lady desires position as an assist-
ant bookkeeper and typewriter. Address
box 974. Call office.
YOUNG girl would like a situation to do up-
stairs work or light housework. Call at 31
Fulton st.
BY' a Protestant girl, general housework In
small family; good reference. Call at 1013 A
York st.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or
housecleanlng by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St., off Shotwell.
YOUNG girl wishes situation; good reliable
girl with children, or as a companion; city or
across the bay. 19 Verona St., off Third.
GERMAN girl wishes position to do general
housework In an American family; wages
$20. Call 1212 Scott St.
WANTED— first-class private Cath-
olic family by thorough good cook; reference.
Inquire for 3 days, 119 A Sixth st.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
. as housekeeper or cook; city or country. Ad-
dress ]■:.. box 58, Cotatl, Cal.
GIRL wishes light housework and plain cook-
ing; references: wages $12. Address B, box
4, Call office, 615 Larkin st.
NEAT Danish girl wishes to do housework:
wages $15; refeernces. 33 Juniper st., off
Folsom.
SITUATION in office or store by young lady;
experience: references; small wages. Ad-
dress E., 519 Eddy st. .
WANTED— By a young woman, any kind of
work by the day; wages $125. Address 208
Drumm St. .. • < . -.:
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework; flrst-class cook. 59 'Rausch st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day; $1 and car fare. 132 Sixth st.
A NICE cook to do general housework ln small
family. 415 Stockton st.
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
work. Address International Hotel, room 31.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady desires employment;
best of references. Address R., 519 Eddy st.
MILLINER wanted at the Artistic, 1422 Stock-
ton st. .*
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position
as stenographer and typewriter: speaks
French; good penman; .references. Box
948, Call.
EXPERIENCED waitress in flrst-class hotel
wishes situation; references; city only. Box
961, Call.
WOMAN wants plain washing to do home; also
.lace curtains; or one or more children to care
for; terms reasonable. Address 311 Austin
aye., city.
A RELIABLE girl wishes a position, general
housework; good city references. Please call
- 1619 Larkin st. ; no cards.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A GERMAN lady desires a position as man-
ager or working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Call or address, 1607 V. Folsom st.
REFINED girl wants position to do any kind
of light work; city or country; experienced In
housework and bakery. Call or address, 1122
Golden Gate aye.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from f*rry; elevator.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. .
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. .Agency; all kind-
help. GEO. AOKI, 80 Geary st.; tai. Grant 66.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and ■ Japanese Employment Office;
■ best help. 414*. O'Farrell st.; tel. East iti.
COACHMAN and groom wants situation; un-
derstands gardening; thorough . with horses,
carriages, etc.; single; middle-aged;. best ref-
erences. Address Box 969 Call, office.
YOUNG steady man of good habits desires
position with private family; • can care
for horses, drive, milk cow and tend garden-
god references. Box 891, Call office. '
SITUATION wanted by book-keeper and
thorough experienced office man; highest cre-
dentials; salary moderate at start. Box 971
Call, flee. - -. ■*■'.- v
BUTLER (Japanese) having good references,
desires position in family; kept 2 years last
place. Box 979, Call office. » J
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
BARBERS Young man, one year's experience,
desires part time position. Address MR.
HUSTON, 2124 Fillmore st.
COOK, 15 years' experience, German, French,
American, Al reference, would like position
soon. Address Chef, box 953, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position In a wholesale
house; willing to do any kind of work. Ad-
dress T. O. D., 671 Linden aye.
WANTED — By reliable and steady young man,
a position as night watchman; best of refer-
ences; 3 years last place. Box 982, Call office:
JAPANESE man wants position; who wants a
strong and good houseworker or washing? If
any, try me. ' Address Box 970. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cheese maker wishes situation
in a large dairy. C. 8... 431 Pine St., city.
ELECTRIC light and power operator and en-
gineer (late of the Union Light and Power
Company, Ogden, Utah). Is open for an en-
gagement. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 1757
Howard st.
YOUNG man wants situation in store; has 10
years' experience ln grocery; good references.
Box 952, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man to make himself useful
In kitchen; can cook, open oysters, make
sauerkraut. CHARLES, 1115 Market st. .
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
instruments. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED Position as cook; wife to man-
■ age mining company boarding bouse or to
run same on other proposition; references.
Box 964, Call. -
YOUNG man wishes situation as waiter; ex-
perienced; city preferred or would go In coun-
try. Call or address J. H. 8., 700 Franklin
st., Oakland.
JAPANESE couple want situations; city or
country; wages cheap. Address "AKI," 2413
Webster avenue, Alameda.
JAPANESE boy wants housework and plain
cooking (understands English) ln city. S.
HIGASHI. 703' Larkin st.
COOK wants a place to cook in a saloon or
lunch counter or short order; cook in a cof-
fee and chop house or oyster opener in mar-
ket. 614 Central aye., near "Hayes st. H. F.
ENGINEER with license and 25 years' prac-
. tice, understands Corliss, compound and con-
denser engines and dynamos, locomotives and
traction engines, wishes a situation; city or
country. Box 868, Call. j
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good ref-
erences. Box 922, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses In private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925, Call office.
WATCHMAKER and jeweler in want of em-
ployment; 15 years' experience;, town or
country. Box 905, Call.
HELP AVANTED— FEMALE.
C?^RrHAN_E-*f_' , CO^
Head waitress, commercial country hotel,
$30; waitress for springs (one who can play-
flute, piccolo or violin), $25; waitress, Carson
City, Nev., $20, fare paid; 4 waitresses, differ-
ent country hotels, $20; waitress, bakery,
country, $20, fare paid; waitress, mining town,
north, $20, fare paid; 3 waitresses, city. $20;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid to
wait, resort, small fare, $20; seamstress, $5
a week.
.'. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl for small English family for Pa-
cific Grove, $20, fare paid; Jewish family cook,
$30; houseglrl, American family, $25; 25 cooks
and housegirls for city and country, $15 to
$30; lady clerk for real estate office in Seattle,
see arty here at 10 a. m., fare paid. C. R. ,
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A COOK and laundress; American family; $30
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A COOK and second girl; same house; $25 and
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
A PROTESTANT girl, assist housework, $20,
Pacific Grove, see lady here, good place;
I Alameda, 2 in family, $20; Martinez, $20; a
cook, Redwood City, $30; 15 housework
girls, $25 and $20; 6 youngVgirls to assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A WOMAN cook, $50 per month; a tailoress, $1
per day and found; a German cook, 3 in
family, $30, no wash: 2 Irish cooks, $30 and
$25; 2 second girls, $25 to $20 per month; 2
nurses, $25 and $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A REFINED woman as companion and light
housework; $15: country; no wash. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A GERMAN waitress and seamstress; $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl to assist and answer
telephone "in an institution, $10 per month; a
second girl and sleep home, $15 per month;
2 waitresses, same hotel, city, $23. each.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st. /
A CATHOLIC girl, housework, 2 in family,
$20; a waitress, Sausalito, $20; San Jose, $20;
Lathrop. $20; chambermaid and waitress, $20,
Alameda; 6 chambermaids and waitresses,
$20 and $15 per month, city and country.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
A REFINED German nurse; 1 child, 6 years
old; $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child; $18 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN Irish cook: Jewish family; $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK. 8 in family, a short distance, $25. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GIRLS for housework, Pacific Grove, $20; Santa
Rosa, $20; Sausalito, $20; San Rafael, $25;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, no wash. German style, $30, see lady
here at 9:30 to-day; waitress and parlor maid,
$25;- second girl, sewing, $15; 6 cooks ln
American and German families*, $25 and $30;
and girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, wait 1 meal, $20; lunch and
dinner waitress. $20; hotel waitress, resort,
country, $20; restaurant waitress, country,
$20; assistant cook in restaurant, $20. J. F.
CROSETT _- CO., 316 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, nice resort, $20. see party here
at 9 to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. .':: v'
TWO cooks. $30 and $25; 3 second girls, $26,
$20 and $15; waitress, $1S: young German
woman to assist in boarding house, $18;
' houseglrl, 3 In family, $25; German house-
glrl, 2 In family, $15; ranch cook, $20; 10
housegirls, country, $20 and $25: 25 housegirls,
city, $15 to $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
25 YOUNG girls for housework; 20 girls to as-
sist: also some flrst-class ranch cooks. MISS
DILLON. 315 Sutter St., phone Main 804.
WANTED Cooks, second girls, waitresses,
nursegirls and girls for housework. MRS.
HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
HOTEL waitress for Nevada, $20 and fare paid.
MURRAY & READY,. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $6
to $10 weekly; no canvassing; reply envelope
for sample and particulars. Foster Machine
Co., 525 West Twenty-ninth St., New York. ;
NEAT girl, 14 to 16 years, to assist with house-
work and 2 children; $6 to $8 per month; good
home. 1208 Union St., near Hyde.
GIRLS for chorus and ballet for local com-
pany; see manager between 8 and 9 Wednes-
day night at office JEAN LADDARE, 105
Eddy st. *
TAILORESS or handy woman that 13 good
operator; car fare paid. Lyon st., bet.
Greenwich and Lombard, front of Presidio.
EXPERIENCED hands for fancy neckwear to
work in factory. 523 Market St., room 8.
WANTED— First class waitress, wages $15.
HOTEL SALISBURY', 299 Hyde Bt.
YOUNG girl for light housework; small family.
2504 Clay St. .
OLD lady to keep house for 3 children. 2 Clar-
ence court, off Buchanan, cor. Geary.
SKIRT hand wanted at 363 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby. 1714 Geary
St.; call ln morning.
AN experienced apprentice ' girl on custom
coats. 927 Market St., room 628.
A GERMAN girl wanted for housework. Box
■975, Call. '
FINISHERS on custom pants. 508. Jessie st.,
between Sixth and Seventh.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted; also a man-
icurist. 240 Stockton st., near Post.
GOOD coat finishers at H. PLANZ & SON'S
665 Geary st.
WANTED*— A girl or middle-aged woman to do
light housework. 507 Hayes st.
FINISHER on "coats. Apply D. PEYSER, 1005
Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
858 Howard St., over handball court.
WANTED— girl with good experience to work
at custom tailoring. 1175 A Market st.
GIRLS to learn tailoring; pay while learning
138 Russ st. 5 ' .
FINISHER on coats. M. E. KENT 121 Pn«t
st. third floor. . osl
GOOD quick hand on vests; also an appren-
tice. 623 Stevenson st.
GIRL or woman for housework. 451 Guerrero
street. . " uerre ™
OPERATOR. on pants; also finishers S ~v
' WOOD & CO., Powell and Eddy sts.
GOOD buttonhole finisher on custom coats-
flrst-class pay. 927 Market st., room 623. '
BORROW money on your valuables; private en.
trance, ladles. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay! ■
FIRST-CLASS shirt makers wanted. 516 Sut-
ter st. >-; = ■..■■■
FIRST-CLASS tailoress. buttonhole maker 516
I -Sutter st. /-'.-.'
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Good reliable girl for general
housework; references. Apply 1646 Fell St.,
between 9 and 12.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36',. Fremont st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 186
A gang of laborers, pick and shovel and
rock men, company work, $1 60 a day; board
60c; office fee and fare, $115.
Laborers, mountain railroad; ship to-night;
fee $1.
Laborers and teamsters, Valley road, ship
to-day; fee $1.
Teamsters, city work, $1 75 a day; fee $1.
10 Laborers to work In and around a reser-
voir and build roads, etc.; long job; fare 50c;
office fee $1. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Man and wife, private place, $40 and found.
Farmers, Sonoma County, Sacramento Coun-
ty, Alameda County, Tulare County and Sis-
kiyou County, $25 and $20.
Milkers, Sacramento, Solano and Fresno
counties, $30, $25 and $20; 3 Portuguese or
Swiss milkers.
Woodchoppers. 90c, $110 and $1 50 a cord;
blacksmith's helper, $25 and found, and oth-
ers. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 COLORED waiters for a hotel, north, $25 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waiter, springs hotel. $40; second cook,
$10 a week; third* cook, $10 a week: night
cook, small place, $5 a week; potwashei ho-
tel, north, $25, free fare; dishwashers, city,
$25, $20, $18, $15, and others. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
PANTS, coat and vest makers to go north.
Particulars at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st.
BARBER for the sprnlgs. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT young head waiter for country hotel,
$40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 COLORED waiters for large country hotel,
north. C. R. HANSEN <_ CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Cabinet-maker, city, steady work; black-
smith's helper, ranch, $25 and found; harness-
maker . for > large ranch
Ranch carpenter $26 and found
4 plowmen, large vineyard company; milker
and wife; man and wife, large stock ranch;
woodchoppers and tiemakers, tools advanced;
butter-maker and. run separator, $25 and
found; choreman and make butter, ranch, $25
and found
6 milkers $25 and found
2 milkers, Oregon $25 and found
Blacksmith's helper, country shop $32 50
20 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, differ-
ent places $20 and found
10 pick and shovel laborers near city. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SHIRT polisher, country laundry, $50; young
German, make beds, etc., $15 and found;
cooks, city and country; waiters, city and
country hotels. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
RANCH cook for an orchard company, $25 and
found. MURRAY & -READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, see
party here this morning, $40; cooks, waiters,
dishwashers and other.-;. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 gravel miners, $2 50 day; 3 quartz
miners, $2 day and board; gardener for coun-
try. $25; 10 farmers. $20; 2 choremen, $20; 15
laborers, $1 75 day; Italian farmer, $15; black-
smith, $2 day, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER, $25 per month, hotel, city. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN cook, $50 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
AN old man to do chores, $15 per month and
found; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
TWO colored waiters. $27 50; country hotel.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
SOBER man for saloon; $10 per week, board
and room; must loan $250 to proprietor; good
security; no experience. Address or call at
1940 Market st.
TO go this week— 2oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet, Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
HARNESS-MAKERS wanted. MAIN & WIN-
CHESTER, 214 Batter: st
BARBER wanted. Castro st, near Eighteenth.
BARBER wanted. 527 Castro st; call early.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 623 Clay St.; call after 9 o'clock.
WANTED—Barber Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday; $6. 614 Geary St.; call at 8.
BOY wanted. 431 Fulton st.
COAT maker for country. Apply REISS BROS.,
21 Sutter st
PAPERHANGER who can take unfurnished
housekeeping rooms in payment. 1028 Market.
ELDERLY man to work around house; short
distance in country. Apply at 11 Eddy st.
MAN to wash dishes and assist in dining-
room; small restaurant. 331 Bay st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers. Apply D. PEYSER,
1005 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— FIrst-class polisher at Sun Laun-
dry, 19th st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED— man; light outdoor work;
good wages; small capital required. 1032 Mar-
ket st., room 4. •
A HANDY man wanted to help at lunch coun-
ter. Cor. Greenwich and Lyons.
YOUNG man as partner in a cash business;
small capital required. 40 Ellis st., room 19.
EXPERIENCED feeder and make ready on
Colt's Armory cutting press. 16 Fremont st.
GOOD cook and few boarders; wages $20. 580
Sixth st '
WANTED— on men's coats; Inside.
518 Market st.
METAL lacquerer. Apply superintendent fac-
tory' of THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
DRIVER for bakery wagon; experience; refer-
ences. Rutz's Bakery, 836 Valencia st.
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664 V. Howard st. ; reading-room.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
SOc. 562 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
Unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
Inches and *6 feet in height! For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office, 40
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED—Barber, young man having had
one year or more experience. Call or address
M. BERNSTEIN, Tiburon, Cai.
WANTED— AI presser and ■ under presser
DAVIDSON & MILLER, 731 Market. ~ "
PANTSMAKERS to take work out; tailors to
trim coats for machine. 106 Battery.
TWO flrst-class shoemakers on ladies' and
gentlemen's work. E. POWELL. 107 Geary st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches jewelry""
pianos, stiver. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay!
WANTED— Experienced skirt hands to work
in factory. Apply 523 Market, room _
CUSTOM tailor and lady apprentices on flne
coats. 533 Natoma st.
BARBER with 1 or 2 years' experience in busi-
ness; steady place. 812 Broadway, Oakland.
Architectural draughtsman com-
petent to do detailing. D F. OLLIVER
Macdonough building, Oakland.
•WANTED—Barber to buy ... shop; must be
sold; owner leaving city. 203 Jones st.
WANTED— A plain worklngman for porter
work in business house; German speaking
preferred: wages moderate. Box 947. call.
WANTED-Sallors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 504-,-)06 Davis St.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m t H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1' to $3 per ' week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 36 Steuart st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW, Secretary.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. BOWHAY. 516
Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
' ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 IJkt
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 138*. Eighth st" ,
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a- month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50"; men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night 75c $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, S63i_ Market .st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week- ,
AGENTS WAN TED.____
M^^oT^wo^n^'to^lanvass homes with well
Advertised special shoes for women's, comfort:
great sellers: quick returns. UNA. . . Tem-
ple place, Boston. Mass. ■ t
WANTED-Agent to take charge of my water
bike this summer; small security. TH')MbU.v
apply ■ New Atlantic Hotel. Montgomery and
Pacific sts. 1 ,
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out; sample postpaid. J. Brown. Bush.
AGENTS, ladies or gents, can make from $3
to $6 a day. Apply at Call office.
.ToTs-iT WANTED.
WANtI-D^FoV four months; furnished flat or
cottage of three or four rooms; rent reason-
able. Address 50S California St.. room 4..
ROOMS AND BOARD ANTED.
FURNISHED room for single gent, near Rus-
sian Hill; view of the bay. Address 8., d»
Clay st. ■ —
ROOM and board for couple in private family;
Western Addition; no others need apply, rei-
erences. Box 947. Call.
~ FURNITURE WANTED. '*> > : J"
j7~C~MUTHER^6-2 Market st, pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WANTED— MISCE LJt^N^OJOS/___
WANTED- Small second-hand rolling machine.
Address shoe shop. 117 Van Ness aye. .
WANTED— A second-hand hair picker. Apply
to C. MELSKOV. 1115 Howard st.
MUSICAL INSTKU3IENTS.
AsTwT^reTselling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy-
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO
Steinway dealers, corner k'a™>' "I?.. Su r
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ___
a 7 FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition *<«
Weber, flne order •• }?_
8 Klngsburys, used 7 months "_
Vose, mahogany case...- £"
Sterling, used IS months _™_j;;_
All guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE S.
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
Tt'ST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5:
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAa
'I ANO CO., 560 Hayes st
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
R A DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
SOHMER, BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
308 Post st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal to COOKE, 1081 Howard st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, »5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister 8... next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post st. _■
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old _nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
D_Tir^r_lGGlNS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teetb
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood b-3g„ you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions, free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling. 60c; crowns. $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c^ all work
warranted for ten years. ' Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason st, corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. <_.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
LOWEST prices ln B*. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. 60c: silver. 25c: crowns. $$.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
. — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post . ablest profs.
LOST. ~~
STRAYED— From Alta Vista, Piedmont, a
coal-black wavy-coated dog, with license
tag! answers to the name of Monk. Suitable
reward "will be paid for his return. HENRY
A. BUTTERS. ■
NOTICE to stablemen— Lost, strayed or stolen;
1 roan horse with piano box black • buggy.
Reward and expenses paid at 621 Vallejo.
LOST Large dark fawn greyhound dog. Re-
ward at 3968 Twenty-third st.
LOST— Reward $2 50; a small blue skye dog;
answers to the name Rags. Please, return
1520 Van Ness ive.
LOST— A light brlndle greyhound dog. Re-
turn 1504 Kentucky st. ; reward.
SMALL black and .tan; white breast, short legs;
collar. Jack. Return 645 Washington. Reward.
OLD gold, diamonds, sliver and pianos bought;
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
HORSES.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE St
MENDENHALLS sale yard, 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies!
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
I
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gles; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
BLACK horse and family carriage, complete
l K t ,\J or sale cllea P* Address GRAY, 915 Call
building.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
A ?.Y I( _ E free: R ' w * •£ ta *» *««»«» "at" law*
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages damages at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all casesj wills con-
tracts, etc.. drawn; mod, fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; no advance charges- estates
damages attachments, wills contracts UI
sTroon V 64 te -n- J ?:, EVANS.'.. » McAllister
st., room 64, next^Hibernla Bank.
A ? VI E free * divorce law a specialty nrlvte*
HOwfr wi "* out , success; collections. G \v.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn
L -_?;_£ LARK ~: Emma Spreckels building 9*>7
_Marke^_consultatlon free; no fees in advance?
i A^ DAv.s_ no charge unless "■u<ve««;fiit -nr
*. >V* DAVIDSON. 927 Mark e t^ SUCCeSSfUI - W 'BUSINESS CHANCES.
< A_s4o_>: MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
!a_t 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
-i~ rooms; kitchen; good pa) ing bar, etc. :
new 5 years' lease; always ""OO or more steady
i carders; investigate at once; a genuine bar-
f gain. Call R. G. WILKE, rm. 8. 906 Market.
A -$-50: BRANCH bakery, with 8 nice living
rooms: choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. In.uhe R. G. WILKE, rm. 8,906 Market.
A-$110u: ..LOON In Western Addition; ele-
gant fixutres; club and ladles' rooms; side en-
trance: doing a I rat-class paying business;
lent, $23. Call WILKE. 1-6 Market st.
A--525 0; HOME cooking parlor and delicacy
store on Larkin st.; worth $400; great sacri-
fice. R. G. ILKE, 906 Market st.
A-S'00; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city SO miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a
t'.rst-class Investment. R. G. WILKE. room
S. 906 Market st.
.\-$:<V,O: MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
:'_rmer- cf fruit grower needs them; 'small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of R, G
WILKE. 006 Market st., room 6.
WE buy. sell or exchange business of any kind
STRAND & CO.. 1027' it Market St.. above 6th.
;..iO -PA RTNER wanted In best paying res-
taurant in city. STRAND & CO.. 1027 ' i Mar.
ket st., above Sixth. .
S-.vx— •HOUSE, includes valuable rJroi>l
erty: fortune in this business. STRAND &
CO.. 1027H Market st. *
J175-DELICA-.ESSEN store; flne stand- 3
roorr.f; low rent, strand & CO. 1027H
Market St. ' °*
$3. .0— CIGAR and variety store; 4 rooms fur-
r.is-h''-: a sacrifice. STRAND & CO., 1027*.
Market st. •
$6.O— SALOON opposite Oakland ferry; sickness
ca.ye of sale. STRAND & CO., 1027". Market.
$1001 -THOROUGHLY live man wanted as ■■
partner in first-class legitimate business; no
. " _ -___£ S ' H ' UOUI *D & CO.. 632 Market.
i • >'. houce in country, 40 acres highly culti-
<-V csjed land; ten acre, fruit; house, barn; no
■• incumbrance; swill trade for large rooming
•■' n: ■""-'• S ' H. OOUL] & CO., 632 Market st
A- -$700; GOOD practical man wanted as part-
ner;ln old-established paying butcher
business. S. H. COULD & CO.. 632 Market.
V, ANTED— Partner in an established business;
t;cod chance for a live man. JONES & CO.,
sO5 Market st.
s;2s— BRANCH bakery; a nice place; living
rooms; cheap rent. JONES _ CO., 865 Market.
$150— RESTAURANT; go. value for $300; must
be sold at once: owner leaving city. JONES
>v CO., 865 Market st.
A— slso; PARTNER wanted; established busi-
?- e _l: ?*2 to g_B a week; trial given. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$:,""— PARTNER wanted,- light business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st. I
JS"}— SALOON on city front, near Market and
Last sts.; large stock; tine fixtures; big tran-
: sient and regular trade; business improving
'.- S*! 1 -^ 3 rooms, rent $35; look into this. M.
LESS, 7C5 Market st.
CALL and see our list of hotels, saloons, gro-
ceries, a fine-paying bakery, all established;
ranches, country merchandise stores station- '
cry stores, cigar stands for sale andexchange; !
parties wishing to make quick sales will call
at our office. EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st. I
$450— FINE-PAYING butcher shop; does cash
business, of $20 daily; old established corner;
sells 4 cattle, 25 sheep weekly; don't miss
this bargain. STENBERG CO., 26 1 . Kearny.
FOR sale or rent— old-established brewery
in prosperous country* town; complete outfit
for business. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., lOCS'. Market st.
, $275— CIGAR store: bargain to-day. COWING
**' A- <'■ " 9C ' 5 Market st *
OLD-ESTABLISHED 15c barber shop; 4 nice
living rooms; cheap rent; in good neighbor-
hood. Apply at Call office.
GENERAL merchandise store ln lively mining
town; regular monthly customers; a bargain. '■
Address box 975. Call office.
■WANTED— cigar store; state particu-
Ifirs; no agents. Box 972, Call office.
BAKERY, confectionery and stationery, with 2
living rooms, furnished; cheap. 3255 -- ' st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cheap rent; good
location." lfiS Taylor st.
.- DELI 1 'A' and grocery, $4i"">; 2 groceries, $600
;;; and $1300. Apply at I^3*t Fair Oaks st.
... . $500— PARTNER wanted in pigeon raising;
large profits: investigate. 80x .776. 'all office.
[ * 800— A flrst-class manufacturing establishment,
'•,,••_ doing a good business; owners wish to retire
' . ' on account of other Investments. Box 963,
-; i Call.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house; parties
going back to mines; established 8 years.
Apply Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jewels,
silver, pianos, guns, sealskins, silks, paint- 1
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
: $8000— 10 ROOMS; lot 30x100; corner; exchange
for furniture. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland.
SALOON ad shooting gallery*; make offer; 443
Dupor.t st. ; trial given. Inquire afternoon 19 I
. Sixth st.
SALOON for sale. SO Jackson st., bet. Davis
• and Drumm.
V OLD-ESTABLISHED stand; 2 horses and large 1
' wagon; must be sold. Inquire at 387 Hayes.
$12'»: WORTH $2000— Saloon and chophouse and
el.ar stand; buyer can clear it in 2 months; j
full investigation before buying; owner has
''• to leave State; no agents wanted. Apply i
Call office.
• I -ED-ESTABLISHED market in Mission:
resent owner there 10 years. Box 889, Call.
$700 — BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
tales 115 to $25 a day; 3 nice living rooms;
a bargain. Box 444, Call office.
FOR tsaie on account of sickness, florist and
r.ursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
raratus. doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or 1
;- ' ' will exchange for real estate across the bay.
• Apply 500 Haight st.
$5%— YOUNG man with good references and
•'*. business experience wanted as a partner In
6 good manufacturing business: established j
I*B9. Bex -C. Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires i
to tell his tailoring business, Including stock
•nd good will. 840 Third et.
PARTNER wanted: good reliable man with i
little capital. Inquire 41 Third St., room 5.
$K»0-LIGHT manufacturing business; owner
sick; article sells at sight. Call 41 Third, r. 6. |
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. j
W. CASWELL * CO.'B. 415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— Weekly Call, j
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
14-ROOM house on Van Ness 350
16-rocrn house on Third at 275
20-room house on Post 2800
44-room house for city or country propty. 4000
64-room house; clears $300; payments.... 3000 j
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500 !
16-room house; clears $100 300!
11-room house in Angels Camp 450 ;
lE-room house; central; 1100 cash 300 1
SO rooms; rent. 190; on Mission rt.. 1300
C4-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st ' 450 I
_ 24-room house; new furniture....- 750 1
A FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call !
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., - pp. Sth. '
. A-KREDO _~CO 22V. Geary st.
'.. -Money Advanced on All Houses.
- 54 rocms; best corner Fourth st $24"0
28 rooms; Market St.; best in city 1500
'' 24 rooms: Geary St.: near Plaza 800 ;
20 rooms: best block Eddy st . a snap 900
10 rooms: O'Farrell st. ; clears $50 300
A few -special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
ELEGANTLY furn. fiat; centrally ~!ociit>
•■ed; 2 rms. pay rent. Kredo & Co.. 22". Geary.
LODGING-HOUSES— TtTrooms, tTryilfroomT, I
$S0O; 28 rooms. $800; 28 rooms, $1500; 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
1:350— HOUSE. 20 rooms, well ■ irolshed; rent
$35: 100 other bargains. strand & CO.,
. 1027*. Market st.
BURNISHED boarding "house: 12 rooms; Ala-
meda Point shipyard. Apply st 718 Third st.,
San Fran'-:
1300—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
.France. 331'; Bush st.
tSOO — SNAP; 40-room house; near Market; cen-
tral; must sell this week. Baslle. 872>,i, Market. I
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money Cf !
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NEAR Market st. : 24 rooms: good furniture;
rooms always full: price $900. Box 869. Call.
CARPET CLEANIWO.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans, |
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
M and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
. WHEN you beet disgusted with poor work I
send to BPAULDINO'fI Pioneer Carpet- I
beating Works. 353-357 "Tehama st.; tel. S. 40. |
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.; I
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. '
1 453 Stevenson st.: tel. South 228: lowest rates. |
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c. j
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth ________ 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 Hth
. .St.; (leaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 12ft
.-. ' ■' - • ■ *. . --: ■- .--..■ .: ■ .-•
PERSONALS. !
ALL persons having claims against store 533 i
, Pine st. tformc»ly A. RIVERA) present same
before April 17, or will not be acted upon by
P. DEMATTEI. Proprietor. •
DETECTIVE work ln all legitimate branches
carefully attended to by an experienced de-
tective; exceptional references; correspond-
ence solicited. Coll or address Commercial
Detective Agency. 272 Valencia st.
LEDERER'S Qulncnla, a jterfect hair dressing;
makes It glossy; cleans the scalp; 35c bot.
toamo Shampoo, Be pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c. Just received, a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
-at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright j
No, 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty. i
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
IN divorce matters will give full information '
free: strictly confidential. Box 831, Call.
SBARBORO Sc CO., grocers, formerly of 631
W ington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission St.. near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee. $1 and upward.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order. $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants: samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room ; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nlg*ht; $1 60 to $« per week;
free 'bus and", baggage to and from* the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
WANTED Old gold and sliver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny,
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no in-
jection Dr. Gordin, sl4 Pine, ab.Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furnlture.bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st,
DRESSMAKER S.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
— ' , ——•
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS-. J. J. WHITNEY. medium.
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 282 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter. SOc;
meetings every night, 10c.
MRS. D. J. MORAN; test circle to-night, 10c,
8 sharp. 414 Ellis st.
| MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
! MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8; 26c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, hag opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023). MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re- j
move Influence, bad habits: will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, dl- j
vorces, absent' friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send. stamp for circular, with special ,
terms.
To MRS. DR F. CLARK.
1023 1 ,. Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL. I
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St., !
between Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
. power Is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply Is most gratifying: all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives |
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old |
estates, love, courtship and marriage— ev»y-
-i thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
• no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom- |
panics. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, Wonderful' clairvoyant and
• card reader; born with double veil and sec- j
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read- :
ing; ladles, SOc; gents. $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk. !
I CARD reading; removed from 77 Ninth st. to j
1322 Mission, bet. Ninth and Tenth; ladles
10c, gentlemen 25c. j
MISS ALICE FAURE, card reader and palmist. !
405 Kearny St.; room 34; Frencn and German !
spoken
MISS R. CLEVELANP, palmist and card |
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2. .
i MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1083 Mission
St., downstairs.
YOUR future told by a responsible card reader;
ladies 10c, gents 60c. Sol Folsom St., nr. 6th.
! MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, i
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.T rooms 2-3.
YOUR fortune told by cards; 25c up; no sign, j
627*. Post st.
MME. MOREAU, the best fortune teller; 25c \
j up; tests free. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
I MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
net'.st. 207 Powell St.. rooms 6 and 8.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
' BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and '
-card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and . 10.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant j
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c*. ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. I
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, J
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
"~~ TALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Oer-
malne. 3388 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia:
tel White 1571: reading by mall. $1.
—555__— 55—5—53
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR *
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
st.; 15 years' experience: references given.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
! BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc- :
INTOSH St WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St. '
WANTED— BIock books; Rlchmand and Horn- !
er's Addition; Sunset Heights; and home- j
steads; give prices and particulars. Box 980, j
Call office. ' ]
FAMILY Singer sewing machine; complete. 39
Julian aye., bet. Fourteenth nad Fifteenth sts.
FOR sale, cheap Colt's double-barreled 12-bore !
shotgun. 132 Sixth st. ■ I
FOR sale Fine rosewood large-sized Regina
music box and records. 714 McAllister St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, i
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur- i
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. |
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain; I
almost new: latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; sold separately or together. Apply ;
box 447, Petaluma. Cal. -^ •
BARGAIN— H. P. Golden Oate gas engine, !
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st. ;
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine In flne condition; ;
cheap. H. 8. WHITE, 614-516-518 Mission st. j
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Real* st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors, !
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st. j
DOMESTIC sewing machine: good condßlon;
! complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 15tb.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII size, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento St.
I GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2. $126;
! 2, $150; 4. $176. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
' POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
i fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; nil
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
FUR.VITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50. with No.
J range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
, printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY 9-room house at 26 Franklin St.. half
a block from Market; fine for room renting;
cheap rent.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms; bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye., between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
2 FRONT rooms, 2 closets; renta $5. 252*..
Natoma St., near Fourth. *'>'-.* J'"; v?;>:
TWENTIETH. 3550, between Valencia and Mis-
sion— 6 rooms and bath; sunny and excellent
order.
7 ROOMS, $25; 10 rooms, $35; baths, laundries,
gardens, in thorough repair; In Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth st. ;
12, ROOMS: fine Oakland place; furnished. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL sunny cor. house, modern, 7 rms.,
bath; $30. 899 Noe, near Castro; water free.
BEAUTIFUL furnished 6-room flat to rent; all
conveniences. 524 B Capp et.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny-
rooms; modern improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises,. 685 Guerrero st. -.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE sunny cottage, 4 rooms; rent $12 to good
tenant. 445 Fifth St.. near Bryant.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 2 ELEGANT new flats, 7 and 8 rooms, just
completed; rent reasonable. 977 Post st.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
ELEGANT flat, 6 rooms and bath; modern im-
provements. 1002 Sacramento St., between
Powell and Mason.
LOVELY sunny upper flat of 7 rooms; bath.
411 Lyon st., near Park; very cheap.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed . list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PAINTER and paper hanger and good house
carpenter with family can get flat and take
most of rent in work. Box 865, Call.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073. near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $16.
£97 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms' $17.
VERY desirable 6-room sunny flat; practically
new; bath, basement, etc.; every modern
convenience; corner of Castro and Liberty
sts., near Twentieth.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12, $14 and $15; 5
large rooms, bath, laundry, $22 50; thorough
repair: charming location; Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., oft 12th St.
LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
MARKET. 2520— Flat of 6 rooms to let and fur-
niture for sale. '.'
MINNA, 462— Flat of 5 rooms; rent reasonable.
Apply 4624.
STEVENSON. 403. corner of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
707 Stockton: « r....526 i 1609 Turk; 8 r 17
244 Frederick; 5 r.. 25 1696 Page; 3 r 15
1640 Post: 5 r. 20 : 507 Hickory aye.; 6 r
542 Fell; 6 r 19 15
1328 Hayes; 6 r 18 522 Fell; 3 r 13
720 Montgomery aye; I 12 Erkson; 5 r»... 11
6 r $15' 525 Linden aye., 6 r 15
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. _
$7 50—3 sunny upper rooms; 4 closets; yard; cel-
lar. 1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear.
$15— 4-ROOM flat: bath. 129 Ash aye., bet. Polk
st. and Van Ness aye., McAllister and Fulton.
11l SUNNY lower flat: 4 rooms, bath and yard.
8 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRODERICK. 1924. cor. Sacramento— house-
keeping rooms, unfurnished ; or partly fur-
nished. .
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Bay window, man-
tel, kitchen, blue flame or gas, $12. -
CLARA, 166, near Fifth— 4 rooms; $9^
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. of Eighth— l sunny
housekeeping room with laundry and bath; $7.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms, private residence; no children.
ELLIS, MM, near Fillmore— floor, 4 new-
ly furnished rooms and bath. '-Pi-*;
— . , — _ — —. 1
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: grate, sink, water, bath; private; $11.
FIRST. 28—3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping. $12 mo; 2 unfurnished. $6.
FIFTH, 221— Neat sunny rooms; housekeeping;
sink; also single; quiet house; cheap rent.
FOLSOM, 638— Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
GRANT aye., The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HOWARD. 1141— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
MARKET. 1028— 2 or 3 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent taken in hoard.
MISSION, 947— Front room, with kitchen, com-
plete. '
MISSION, 172.*.. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $*■
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary -2 bay windows,
mantel, water, kitchen; gas stove; singly or
en suite.
PROSPECT pi.. 123, oft California, bet. Powell
and Stockton— Room and kitchen; just reno-
vated; $9 to $10; private: German.
POWELL, 418— Unfurnished or furnished house-
keeping rooms.
SEVENTH, 191— Sunny bay-window; also other
rooms for housekeeping from $6 up.
SHIPLEY, V ' bet. Howard and Folsom. Fifth
and Sixth— Four housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children nor dogs. ,
SHOTWELL, 121— Large sunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping. j
TWO sunny flats: bath; 4 rooms each; 1 fur-
nished; $17 and $14; couples, no children. 811
Leavenworth st.
UNFURNISHED large bay-window parlor and
kitchen; $8; central: references exchanged;
private. Box 926. Call office.
VALENCIA. 834V_. nr. Sunny front room
and kitchen, furnished for house keeping;
bath; $12. ■ ■__
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished; light housekeeping. »
VAN NESS aye., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nlched parlor floor. 4 rooms: gas range.
____________
RO 6 MS~TO LETi
AT SIOA Geary st., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished. Including piano: dressing room;
hot water: gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; 'flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath;, rooms, SOc to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second, between "Market and Mission-
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
A^THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites^
single; facing plaza: day or, month, i
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BURNETT. 1426 Market. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. .
EDDY, 473— Neat sunny room; double bed; $5
per month.
ELLIS, 312, near Taylor— Small sunny hall
bedroom for gentleman ln private family.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house ln the city.
ELLIS, 418— The Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single; $1 50 to $6 week. '
FIFTEENTH, 1579, near Mission— Furnished
rooms to rent; cheap.
FULTON, 116 — Two sunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms; also single room; reason-
able. *
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front, back parlor;
other rooms: privilege light hskpg; piano; tel.
GEARY, 14A— Single room, running water, $1 25
per week.
GROVE, 104— Corner bay-window suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house;. $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 819 Sutter— under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms: most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD, 1109, near Seventh— Two large
front, bay-window rooms and one small,
prett|ly furnished. r
JACKSON, 1030, near Taylor— Large sunny
rooms; running water; gas; bath; marine
view; telephone; reasonable; ■, private family.
JONES. 415— Neatly furnished front suite: sta-
tionary wash stand; also single; rent $8 up.
JONES, 608— Large nicely furnished room suit-
able for 2; private. *
.*..' ROOMS TO LET—Contlnued.
KEARNY, 209,, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms. ; transient.
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. ;
LOCUST aye., 125, near Van Ness and McAl-
lister—Neatly furnished front room; $1 25 wk.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week transient.
MISSION. 1729 M, near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur- ;
nished housekeeping rooms, bath, laundry, $S.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished, rooms; ele-
vator; electric: lights: day, week or month. 1
O'FARRELL, Comfortably furnished sin-
gle room; gas and bath; rent reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night, 3»c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ,
office floor; rooms with hot, cold, wat; baths.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny front furnished room;
$4 50. ,  ._ . . . ■ ' , '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished,
: . 1
TENTH, 123, nr. Market— Small light room; :
running water; rent $3. ■'.-..
THIRD, Sunniest rooms In San Francisco; 1
white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
VAN NESS AYE., 813— Furnished or partly;
one or more: $7 up; doctor's residence. '
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
A YOUNG man can find room and board in
private family at 120 Fell St.; terms, $20 per
month. -
CALIFORNIA, 1711, near Van Ness— Pleasant
sunny rooms; private family; references.
ELLIS. 595— Newly furnished rooms, with or
without board; reasonable.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite. I
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
IST, 509, near Mason— Sunny prettily fur-
nished room for 1 or 2, with board.
SUNNY front suite and board in flrst-class I
Sutter-st. house for 2 to 4 persons; will take
merchandise for one-half. Box 976, Call office.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; privaTe family; board opt'!.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
RESTAURANTS.
CLEMENT, 3021— 512 per month; restaurant and
bar and 3 nice rooms at Sutro car' house; lady
would board for rent.
LnMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c: 10 a. m. to 8 '■
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
PERINI'S. 16 Mason st— French dinner. 50c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladles.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
' J CUILDKE HOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school, I
postoffice and cars; not younger than 8 years;
from tesponslble parties: good care. Address
MRS. F. W., Yountvllle, Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home and yard for children, $8. 834%
Valencia St., near Twentieth.
GOOD home for children. $8: Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
__________________
STORES. TO Lt_T.
FOR rent— Large and beautiful store: prom-
inently located, facing the Navy- with
or without fixtures; with kitchen,, yard, sta-
ble and other accessories. Apply Philadelphia
House, 112 Georgia st. Vallejo, Cal,
OFFICES TO LET. ~
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates; also furnished apartments.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Of-
fice Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 11, 1899. Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of commissaries
at Alcatraz Island, Angel Island. Benicia i
Barracks. Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until
11 o'clock a. m., May 11, 1899, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be indorsed "Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to commissary at post to be supplied. S. F.
THORN, Major, Chief Commissary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Inarch 15, Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock, m.. April 14, 1899, and then
opened, for new boiler, repairs to engine and
docking, cleaning and repairing U. &. steam-
er General McDowell. Government reserves
right to reject or accept any or all bids in
whole or In part. Preference given to articles
of domestic production. Conditions of pride
and quality (Including in the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal,
and such preference given to articles of Amer-
ican production produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. Information furnished on
application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
, tsinlng proposals should be Indorsed "Pro-
posals for new boiler, docking, etc., of steam-
er." and addressed to J. M. MARSHALL.
Deputy Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS' for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
ana Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4. 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2587
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17. 1899. from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finish*., etc., for the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings, ln strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed in
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3. IS9V, copies of which cari
be seen by intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No it
Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that all the material mentioned
in the specifications shall be manufactured In
the State of California, and that all labor
necessary in the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary in the erection
and completion of the work mentioned In the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing ln the State of California.
And it Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank ln
the city and county of San Francisco In a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of their bid. and the party or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter into a bond
ln a sum equal to one-fourth (%) 0 f the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of tne contract.
Bidders will estimate and state a price on
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wit*
First— For all furniture. including all metal
grill work ln connection with same- metal
ratlings for prisoners docks all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelvlne
and vault doors: ventilators, Bertlllon sys-
tem- photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture. _ -
Second— For gas and electric combination
fixtures. _•_,_,
Third— For water filtering system. .
Fourth— tinting and decorating
Fifth— For electrical apparatus, switch
board and telephone system. "*
Bidders will bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will he
awarded for each class to the lowest res Don
slblo bidder.
For any further information required as to
'rocelvlng copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messr*
Shea & Shea.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth tha
cost of advertising this and a former notloe
in three. daily newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
cation in the official newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his .contract
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to ;
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms i
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the city and county !
of San Francisco in a sum equal to one- '
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid- I
der with his bid and made payable to the '
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned j
if the proposal be accepted and the contract j
awarded, and If the bidder shall fall or '
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute* |
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award is made, then and
in that case the said sum shall be collected '
and paid Into the City and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect.
• Blanks furnished by the clerk.
'. The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so reoulres.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
I \V ING MAC 11 1 EST"
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold,
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- :
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. • I
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021!. Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
» CITY REAL EST ATS.
PARK LOTS,
PARK LOTS,
: PARK LOTS,
$25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Come out to our branch office Sunday and
see the large number of people there buying
lots; most successful sale in years; cheapest
lots offered In years.
PRICE, $200 UPWARD.
- . . TERMS, $25 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh
ayes., near Golden Gate Park. Large amount
of street wcrk now being done and many new
homes being erected. Take Haight or Ellis st.
cars, transfer to electric road running to the
Cliff House, get off at H st. and Ninth aye.
Our branch office Is on the corner— price
lists, etc., there.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PARK FRONTAGES.
Stanyan st., between Beulah and Frederick;
accepted street (bltumenlzed); cars pass.
GREAT BARGAINS.
LOTS 25x10. :3— 52500.
A SURE SPECULATION.
1 TERMS TO SUIT.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— sl7so; POWELL aye., close to Mission st. , 3
flats of 4, 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 25x100; this
Is a very good investment
$21,000— Large corner, 50x75, junction \ Market .
and Valencia sts.; improvements, 3-story build-
ing.
$2450— Modern cottage; $200 cash.- balance
monthly; Eureka st., near Nineteenth; up-to-
date house; contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath,
etc.
$11,000— Jackson st, in Presidio Heights dis-
trict;, lot 27:6x127; sunny side of street; Im-
provements 2-story and attic residence of 10
rooms, 2 baths and all conveniences; marine
view.
$3000— Mission St.; lot 29x137:6, with a 1-story
building containing 4 rooms, together with
stock of goods; must be sold at once; offer
wanted.
$3500— 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath and
basement; large lot, 25x115, with 2 frontages;
rents $27; Borland "st., near Guerrero.
$7500— 51000 cash, balance monthly: Ashbury
St., near Fell; modern residence, containing 9
rooms and bath; oil the latest conveniences; lot
25x103.
$18,500— Rent $117 50; Union St., east of Tay-
lor; large lot, with good improvements; all
rented.
$3600— Corner on Church St., 31:6x101, with
store and 2 rooms in rear and flat above con-
taining 5. rooms and bath; rent $30.
$3250— Rent $27; Clara St., near Fourth; lot 25x
75, with improvements consisting of 2 flats of
6 rooms each.
Steuart St., near Market; 2-story build-
ing, containing store and flat above of 5 rooms;
rc-vt $50.
•s9ooo— Rent $87 50; brand-new flats, within
half a block of the Golden Gate Park Panhan-
dle; 3 flats containing 6 rooms and bath each;
modern plumbing and every convenience.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2400— Connecticut St., near Twentieth; 2 flats
of 4 romos and bath each; always rented.
PAYS OVER in PER CENT.
$8250—3 handsome new fiats, close to the park;
up to date ln every respect; marble steps, etc.;
suu In every room; best bargain in the market.
CORNER INVESTMENT.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$10,000— Plne-st. corner; 6 2-story houses; 6
rooms and batb each.
. $3500— Not far from the corner of Stanyan and
Frederick sts. ; 1%-story residence, containing
8 rooms and bath; lot 25x80; easy terms; house
cost $4000 to build.
$7500— Rent $66; splendid new 2-story and
basement buildings on Hayes st., not far from
town, containing 2 handsome sunny flats of 7
rooms each; lot 25x137 :6.»
$5250— Washington St., near Powell; 2-story
brick building containing 10 rooms and base-
ment: large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$6150— Rent $67 50; Larkin St.. near Broadway;
3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 24x
100; large mortgage can remain; must be sold.
$8500— Rent $72; Mason "st., near Clay; 3-
story house, 10 .rooms and bath; also double
cottage of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
$6500— Rent $65; facing the park panhandle;
2 handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; large lot. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FINE LOT ON SIXTEENTH ST. ~ ~
$500 only; near Ashbury st.; lot ready for
building; magnificent panoramic view of the
city and bay; close to electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
List of real estate bargains.
$40,000— Grand Investment: new Improve-
ments; near Powell st; renting for $400 a
month.
$75,000— Grand corner; 90x137 feet: with brick'
improvements; near ferry; rents $400.
$38,000— Grand Investment few blocks from
Tivoli; renting for $300; new Improvements.
$15,000— Good Investment: near Orpheum; lot
25x137:6; old improvements.
$20,000— Corner;. 137x1.7 feet, with fair im-
provements; on Post St.; mortgage $12,000';
must sell.
$15,000— Three elegant new flats; 977 Post St.;
only $5000 cash. .
$10,000— Eight flats (corner) few blocks from
City Hall; rents $110.
$2800— Two brand new flats; rent $30; 1724
Bryant st, near Sixteenth.
Other bargains. Insurance cut one-third.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market.
—*****-*■*" * - ■
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
CHILDREN'S EYES.
Keep the sraln off young, tender, developing
eyes— thus giving the child better health and
stronger eyes for after years. GEO. MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
1071',. Market st„ San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday: 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find ln
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded.
by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
end 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only. '
ALL ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;-
-50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure gent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parlies
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physician, for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DBS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023". Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st, between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
. female troubles', no danger; safe cure*; $2 50;
. expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. and Mrs.' Wise, 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
'.-•.. STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.
752 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ins, advance, etc, 755 Market; tel. Black 311.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & C 0 . .. r - ;■
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$60,000— Right in line of Improvement; lot 55
feet frontage within 2 blocks of Pow-
... ell and Market sts.; cheapest property
In the section. _
BIG PAYING INVESTMENT.
$30,000— Large corner, 87:6x137:6 feet, in best
part of Western Addition: Improvement
in first-class condition; rents low at $225
per month; don't fail to see this.
MONTGOMERY ST. PROPERTY.
$20,000— Three-story brick and iron building on
• Montgomery st. ; large lot, 60x137 feet;
• must be sold.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
$15,000— Elegant modern residence built colonial
style; commands an unsurpassed view
of bay and Mt. Tamalpais; interior of
house finished in hardwood; beautiful
mantels, gas and electricity throughout
the house; large corner; lot 37:6x100 feet.
CALIFORNIA "ST. FLATS.
$15,000— $1260 per annum; 3 elegant mod-
ern flats of 7. 6, 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; convenient to several car lines.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$10.000— Elegant house of 10 rooms, bath *tnd
basement, on Jackson St.; must be sold;
lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
GROVE ST. FLATS.
$10,000— $1224 per annum; 3 modern flats
of 6 rooms and bath on Grove St., and
4 flats on Birch aye.; always rented;
lot 22:11x120; double frontage.
SACRAMENTO ST. PROPERTY.
$6000— On Sacramento st., near Kearny, 2-
story brick building; store and upper
floor of 6 rooms; this property is held
ln trust and must be sold.
TWENTIETH ST. RESIDENCE.'
$5500— Elegant house of 8 rooms and bath;
beautifully • frescoed; In choice neigh-
borhood; convenient to cars; lot 25x114
feet.
TAYLOR ST. FLATS.
$5000— Rents $576 per annum; 2 modern flats
In choice location; will trade for lots
ln Western Addition.
TWENTY-THIRD ST. FLATS.
$4500— flats of 5 rooms and bath; always
rented; rentE $34; near Guerrero St.;
street bituminized; cement sidewalk; lot
25x114 feet. V ■ >. '
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$4500— Nice residence of 7 rooms and bath; also
rear house; choice neighborhood; con-
venient to cars; street bituminized.
TWENTY-FIRST ST. COTTAGE.
$2500— Reduced to make Immediate sale: nice
cottage of 6 rooms and bath and base*
ment; in choice neighborhood; land
alone worth the money; don't fail to
see this; make offer.
NATOMA ST. INVESTMENT.
$2200— Rents $20; near First st.; 2 flats in good
condition; lot .20x65 feet.
A fine residence and large lot on good busi-
ness street In Los Angeles; also some
flne lots at a bargain; will exchange for
San Francisco property.
Call and get our list of cheap building lots
and small investments. We hold our
regular auction sales every two weeks.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
' DAVID STERN & SONS,
Real Estate and House Brokers, 636 Market st.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
We offer the following properties at the ap-
praised value, but will receive BIDS at our
office until THURSDAY, APRIL 13, noon. All
bids subject to confirmation by Probate Court.
$8500— Rents $81: 3 new modern flats, 525, 527,
629 Baker st., between Fulton and Grove, of
6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each; cost a few
years ago $13,500; Baker st. is on the boule-
vard to the park: 25x125.
$4500— Rents $49; 2-story frame building, 1104
Stockton St., between Jackson and Pacific,
with a small expenditure this income can be
greatly increased; 34x80.
$10,000—513 Pacific st., bet. Kearny and Mont-
gomery, new 2-story brick building, which can
be leased for $150 per month to a good tenant.
For further information and other properties
apply at office.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4SOO.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained ln a
new building; street bituminized; terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSoN, cor.
Twentieth and Castro sts.
$100 CASH. $25 a month— rooms, bath, base-
ment; lot :'"xil4; concrete walks; half block
from cars; 824 Elizabeth St., near Douglass.
J. ANDERSON, USA Eleventh st., owner and
builder.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, 3 rooms and barn, a*t Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
" PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
2 LOTS; 50x120 ln all; south of Park, on 7th
aye., bet. X and J; in exchange; house and
lot In Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley; worth
about $2000. Address A. D., Fruitvale P. O.
GOOD-PAYING Eastern property for California "
real estate, stock land preferred; table board
for groceries: table board for piano. 712
Eleventh st., Oakland.
. PROPERTY WANTED] '
WANTED— of 6 rooms, with 3 or 4 acres
of land with fruit trees and vegetable garden
around San Leandro, Haywards, Fruitvale.
Apply Call Office.
_ MONEY - TO _ LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back ln Installments Or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6*_ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
. . pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save In-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould, 131 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$60 TO $60,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL. ~~
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. OOLLOBER. 25 Battery St.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger.3l2 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
t OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
%. •
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
3 NEW cottages; clear; will exchange for
clear land near Oakland. P. O. box 420, Oak-
land. ' . . ■
.-ROOM cottage; large comer lot ln San Jose;
reduced from $2500 to $1100 cash. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
OA-LANJ) FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
HOUSEKEEPING.
TELEGRAPH aye., 604— large sunny nicely
furnished front rooms for housekeeping; sink;
set range; bath; closets; pantry* $14 50.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— 6-ROOM house; lot 50x1.0.
$1900— Modern house of 5 rooms; lot 40x130.
$7500— Lot; San Antonio aye.; 140x150; highly
Improved.
$10,000— Central aye. ; 75x150; elegant house, 10
rooms.
We offer a special bargain ln lot 50x150, flrst-
class location, $1250, or will build house to suit.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to rent.
E. D. JUDD CO..
■ 1424 Park St.. Alameda.
__________________ HOARD. _~
HOME for ladles ln delicate health ; large
grounds; private. MRS. _'.NKE, 1416 Bth st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— l9s acres adjoining Napa Soda
Springs: 12 acres clear; 900 cords oak wood; a
gnat bargain; $1500. - GEO. W. H. PAT-
TERSON CO.. 1706 Market st.
$500— HOMESTEAD abandonment. Sonoma Co.;
near railroad; plenty wood and water; good
hunting and fishing; - some level land. Box
960. Call-
$4800— BARGAIN; 160 acres rich farm land; well
Improved: all fenced; plenty good water; 5
miles northwest from Livermore. For parti-
culars address RASMUS BJORN. Livermore,
Alameda County, Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
seres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. SO California st.. S. F.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County; $125 per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG.. 7 Grant ay.
$5 TO 830 an acre; list free: crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Thomas E. Shumate and Freda Ortmann...2S-22
Frederick laced and Philomena Tschauner.2S-23
Thomas J. Behan and Elizabeth F. Burns.. 2s-22
William A. Ackley and Nellie B. White.. so-40
Rile McDonald and Annie M Rice 26-26
Domenico Com pana and Rosie Ferrea 27-22
Hart.* Cummings and Rosa Smith 33-37
John McCarthy and Honora M. Burke 21-2.
Daniel G. Hay and Lena Spute 56-46
Cornelius Ellison and Frances Howland.. 47-35
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must he handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CURTIS— In this city, April 10, 1899, to the wife
of E. E. Curtis, a son.
NIELSEN— In this city, April 10, 1899, to the
wife of Captain M. J. Nielsen, a .son.
REULINE— In this city, March 20, 1899, to the
wife of A. Reuline, a son.
SIDEMAN— In this city. April 11, 1899, to the
wife of Morris M. Sldeman, twin sons.
MARRIED.
CUMMINGS— SMITH-In this city. April 11,
1899, Harry Cummings and Rosa Smith, both
of San Francisco.
FOEGE— EGGERS— In this city. April 9. 1899,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Jacob L. Foege
and Louise W. Eggers.
FOSTER— In this city, April 10, 1899,
by the Rev. F. Bonn, Abram A. Foster and
Charlotte E. Krug. both of San Francis.
FREDERICKSON— PTEIN WIG- In Oakland.
April 8, 1899, by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Ja-
cob Frederlckson and Helene Stelnwig.
MYERS— WARSHAUER-In this city, April 9,
1891, by Rabbi Isidore" Myers, Dr. Bernhard
Myers of Colusa and Hannah Warshauer of
San Francisco.
NIELSEN— In Oakland, April 8, 1899.
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Christian Niel-
sen and Hansine J. Lund.
SCHARFF— MEYER— this city, April 9. 1899,
by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Dr. Charles L.
Scharff and Jennie Meyer, both of San Fran-
cisco. »
_________
DIED..
j Baines, Thpmas F. Metzger, John
" Brothers, William D. Metzger, John
Carr. John R. Newman, Patrick H.
word, Mary F. O'Brien, Francis
Fitzgerald, Edward Pann, William
Heffernan, Michael Quill, Daniel
Jehly, Albert Rines. Joshua R.
Kingston. Georgie Schneily, Leon
Miller, Otto Wolff, Marie E.
BAINES— this city, April 10, 1899, Thomas
Francis, beloved husband of Hanora Baines,
end father of Robert E. and Thomas E.
Raines, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 55 years.
t_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
■ a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROTHERS— In Berkeley, April 11, 1899, Wil-
liam D., beloved husband of Minnie Broth-
ers, a native of Canada, aged 39 years.
CARR— this city. April 10, 1899, John R.
Carr, a native of Terra Haute. Ind., aged .4B.
years 3 months and 3 days. (Terra Haute,
Ind., papers please copy.)
ETTuneral services this day (Wednesday),
at 11 o'clock, at the chapel at I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
EASTWOOD— In this city. April 10, 1899. Mary
F., beloved wife of Richard Eastwood, mother
of Thomas, Richard. Cassie and Nellie East-
wood, daughter of Mrs. W. C. Burnett, and
sister of Mrs. Grace Evans and Mrs. Clara
Barrie, a native of New York, aged 46 years
4 months and 24 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from ber late resi-
dence, 77 Clementina street, near Second. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In this city. April 11. 1899, at
■ the residence of his brother, 26S Lexington
avenue, Edward, son of the late George and
Ellen Fitzgerald, and brother of John T.,
George and Annie Fitzgerald, Mrs James
Cruise and Mrs. Robert Henry, a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years and 1 month.
__TNotice of funeral hereafter.
HEFFERNAN— In this city. April 10, 1899,
Michael, husband of Mary A. Heffernan, and
-father of Mary X., Regina M. and Frank M.
Heffernan, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land. - - .
tETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 712 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
JEHLY— In this city, April 11. 1899, Albert,
dearly beloved son of Louis and Anna Jehly.
and brother of Jennie. Louise and Hattle
Jehly, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 10 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 2 Harry place, off Laguna
street, between Filbert ancl Greenwich. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KINGSTON— Butte, Mont.. April 9. 1899.
Georgie, son of Paul and Minnie Kingston,
and nephew of the late Jeremiah Hulley, aged
1 year 5 months and 19 days.
__?*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday.)
MILLER— In the City and County Hospital,
April 11. 1899. Otto Miller, a native of .Ger-
many, aged 38 years.
METZGER— this city. April 11, 1899, John
Metzger, a native of Wyoming, aged 18 years.
METZGER— In the City and County Hospital.
April 11, 1899, John Metzger, a native of Mon-
. tana, aged 19 years.
NEWMAN— In this city. April 10, 1899, Pat-
rick H. Newman, a native of County West-
meath, Ireland, 'aged 58 years. (Albany. N.
V., papers please copy.) c
C_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to All Hal-
low's Church. M street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth avenues south, for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 10, 1899, Francis
O'Brien, late of Gold Hill, Nev., beloved
brother of Patrick O'Brien, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 62 years and 7
days. A member of Magnolia Lodge. A. O. U.
TV., of Gold Hill. Nev.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lor's of the United "Undertakers. 27 and 29
Fifth street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by 10:40 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
PANN— In Haywards, April 10, 1899, William,
beloved son of John D. and the late
• Mary Pann, and brother of Mamie, Lena,
John, Augustus and Joseph Tann.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, thence to the Catholic church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Interment Catholic Ceme-
tery.
QUILL-In this city. April 9. 1899, Daniel, be-
loved husband of Josie Quill, father of John'
and James Quill, and brother of- John Quill.,
a native of Mac-room, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 36 years.
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at I o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.'
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RINES— In this city, Joshua R. Rines, be-
loved husband of Annie M. Rines, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 65 years.
SCHNEILY— Oakland, April 9, 1599. Leon,
husbsnd of Marie Schnelly, father of Leon
Schneily Jr.. and son of Joseph Schneily, a.
native of California, aged X years.
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1388 Twelfth street. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. •
WOLFF— In this city, April 11. Marie E., be-
loved daughter of Maurice and - Adeline
Wolff, and sister of Victor and Willie Wolff,
a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years and
7 months.
! ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING As_(>.
■ elation— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased member? of the abovs
! association and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members will be celebrate*
In St. Dominic's Church. Bush and SteinsT
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited.
-■■■ . ! . *-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth tt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
lAIcfIVOY & CO., I
FUNERAL DIRE-TORS _. EMUaUIEM I
1255 Market st. between Sth and 9t_. g
' Telephone. South 347. I
—__■■■■— ■^■—■__*j_m__s________b_____imw
1112
HUNTINGTON TRIUMPHS
BY A MASTER STROKE
Secret of the Deal in Which Crocker
Capitulated.
The Aged Manipulator Tricks His Young Rival Into
Submission and Obtains a Power for Which Be
Fought in Vain for Years.
THE truth in reference to the re
cent railroad deal in which H. E.
Huntington was shorn of his au
thority as the first assistant to
his. uncle, C. P. Huntington, is
gradually becoming public property.
Railroad people, local financiers and
men of affairs see clearly that C. F.
Huntington, crafty and clever, has won
perhaps the most emphatic diplomatic
triumph in his lons and brilliant career
as a financier. Instead of jeopardizing
or sacrificing to the Crocker and Stan
ford factions in the Southern Pacific
Company any of his vast interests or
his coveted power Huntington has
tricked his bitter enemies in the com
pany Into a submission to his absolute
will. Through the inexperience of
George Crocker the wily president of
the Southern Pacific has gained in a
single day what had been for years an
impossibility. Crocker has abandoned
to the old man everything and has re
ceived nothing in return. Huntington
has given to Crocker the pomp of bogus
power and retained for himself the
substance of authority. More than
that the old railroad magnate has
wheedled into his hands that -which no
struggle would, nave gained for him.
He has destroyed the danger of the
Crocker and Stanford factions that
constantly menaced him and after
years of intense antagonisms and
shrewd manipulation he is now the
dominating spirit in the great corpora
tion of which before he was simply a
factor. He has given to George
Crocker the mantle of the second vice
president and has sneaked oft* with the
throne.
In this aspect the recent deal in the
railroad company is of exceptional pub-
lie interest. For th* 1 first time in the
history of the families who projected
and built the Central Pacific and
Southern Pacific railroads Huntington
has complete control and he has re
ceived it from the son of his bitter
enemy. During his lifetime Charles F.
Crocker fought the ambition of Hunt
ington. At his death Fred Crocker con
tinued the battle. ..eland Stanford had
also bitterly opposed the pretensions of
Huntington and Mrs. Stanford has fol
lowed in her husband's footsteps. The
Stanford and Crocker factions were al
ways allies. George Crocker went into
the Southern Pacific Company to con
tinue the battle which his father and
brother had fought and to hold over
the head of Huntington the firebrand
Of opposition.
In this struggle, continuing through
years, Huntington was always more
powerful than his enemies, but in order
to win much he had to give some and
now, without giving anything, he has
won all. Shrewd men. who under
stand the situation, shrug their should
ers when they refer to George Crocker,
and declare knowingly and with a
smile, that wiser men in the field of
finance and diplomacy have discovered
to their cost that C. P. Huntington Is
more than their match in that game
where something is obtained for noth
ing. In other words, railroad men
have awakened to the interesting
knowledge that C. P. Huntington has
sold George Crocker a gold brick and
did not even have the courtesy to allow
Crocker to test the filings.
This is why railroad men consider the
gm_\ IScY# IF I Pi
f We_>n_b__t, Apr. 12. New prices Sundayf
¥ No Liquors just f
a Good Groceries /
(Saving money is justf
like finding it ! ;. f"
(Find it here. #
We are selling Ghirar-J
Jdelli's goods at. reduced*
Jprices : J
JCake Chocolate £..*__ lb 19c\
J Ground " ilb can 23\c\
JCocoa.... Yz-Vo can 19c\
¥ Made here by D. Ghirardelli & Co. ¥
A Full weight, fresh and pure. *» * A
iCooper's Olive Oil 75c a
_ From " HI wood " olive ranch _
A Santa Barbara. Cold pressed. A
_ Regularly here, 95c At fancy _'
i grocers $1 to $1.25. A
(Cube Sugar 17 lb $1 }
\ Pure cane. No better. \
..N. Y. Cream Cheese 2_b 25
f " Genuine Martin's. That ¥
A name is guarantee enough. A
fCrosse&Blackwell's bot 30c
\ Pickles *
A Piccalilli A
_ Chow Chow ™
A Regular price 35c. A
Crackers box 55c}
i Quarter-boxes— hold a
¥ about 13 lbs. Best quality. f
Uncolored Japan Tea . .35
A Fancy Spider teg. The A
¥ true tea flavor. ¥
t* Alaska Salmon 4 cans 25c¥
A) Alinak Packing Co's best. A
iCrosse&Blackwell's Paste^
A Shrimps IRrA
1 Anchovies IOCm
_ Bloaters _
¥ Sealed jars. Regularly 20c. f
f Durkee Salad Dressing 2oc}
A Makes salad making A
¥ easy. Regularly 30c. ; ¥ j
¥ EIGHT SAVING STORES: f
i7S5 Market St. S.F. 1311 Polk St. 8. F. A
¥ 1060 Washington, Oak ' Shattuck At, Berkeley T '
i.th k Washington, " Central At, Alameda^
¥fi 12th k 13th At. " 7th Jt Wood. Oak f ,
recent deal the greatest triumph in
Huntington's career of craft. He can
do now as he pleases with the vast in
terests involved in the Southern Pa
cific Company. There is no longer a
check upon his judgment or upon his
policy, and those who should know
say that Mrs, Stanford, to say the
least, is fearful for the future of her in
terests. No one believes seriously for
a moment that C. P. Huntington has
sacrificed or in any way injured his
nephew, H. E. Huntington, who has
been for years the trusted agent and
personal representative of his uncle on
this coast.
When Colonel Fred Crocker was bit
terly engaged in the war upon Hunt
ington and had the Stanford interests
in complete alliance with him, Hunt
ington found it absolutely necessary
for the protection of his interests on this
side of the continent to send his nephew
to this city. The younger Huntington
watched these interests carefully, criti
cally and with satisfaction to his uncle.
The younger man enjoyed the utmost
confidence of the elder, and when
George Crocker, upon the death of his
brother, entered the directory of the
Southern Pacific Company, avowedly
to oppose the policy of the president,
young Huntington had occasion still
to retain the deepest friendship of his
uncle.
Nor has he lost it now, for C. P.
Huntington is too seasoned a manipu
lator to leave his stronghold unguarded
even after the capitulation of the
enemy. Notwithstanding the fact that
George Crocker has surrendered the
Stanford interests as well as his own
C. P. Huntington has still the need of
the nephew. "While the position of first
assistant to the president has been
abolished George Crocker has received
nothing in return. He has none of the
power which the first assistant wielded.
Crocker has not been advanced in au
thority. He has simply made C. P.
Huntington the dictator of the great
corporation. As long as George Crocker
is obedient to the will and subservient
to the policy of C. P. Huntington there
will be no need of a first assistant to
the president. But when George Crocker
again swings that firebrand of his the
nephew will once more appear. He will
not be far away, as he is still a director
of the Southern Pacific Company and
the president of the Market-street
Company. C. P. Huntington has trap
ped too many old birds to be caught,
himself by a young one.
Ever since the death of Colonel Fred
Crocker this great denouement in the
railroad has been expected and feared.
Colo-Pel Fred Crocker had fought with
uncompromising effort against the per
sistent encroachments of Huntington in
the company. In this struggle Fred
Crocker was the representative" of the
Stanford interests as well as his own.
He could not be browbeaten, and Hunt
ington, shrewd as he is, could not trick
him. HUS
When Colonel Fred Crocker died the
Stanford and Crocker interests were
without a logical representative or a
champion to continue* the campaign
against Huntington. Will Crocker could
not be prevailed upon to take up the
burden for a double reason. He knew
nothing about the intricate art of rail
roading of which Huntington is a mas
ter, and besides his preference was for
Other pursuits. As a matter of fact
George Crocker knew no more than his
brother 'about railroads. George Crocker
had given absolutely no attention either
to railroads or to finance, in both of
which Huntington rules without a
rival.
In desperation, however, George
Crocker was chosen as the representa
tive of the two factions which had
fought so lone to preserve the integrity
of their interests against the under
mining influence of the President.
Crocker had full knowledge of his in
experience. Utterly without training
he was selected to give battle to one of
the shrewdest and craftiest manipula
tors of the age and admittedly one of
the greatest financiers of the century.
Through long years of uncertainty,
with war within and war without,
Huntington had handled with a superb
mastery the enormous interests that he
had acquired. When other railroads
had come upon evil times and receivers
were at their doors Huntington smil
ingly continued to mind his own busi
ness, interfered discreetly in the busi
ness of other people and paid his inter
est regularly. He had locked horns
with the Goulds and the Vanderbilts
and had not come second best from the
contest. He had been in many a great
battle of manipulation and intrigue of
finance and as some one said: "No one
was ever able to get his knife under
the pie crust of C. P. Huntington."
And then George Crocker went and
purchased a pie knife. It was his an
nounced purpose to oppose Huntington
in everything. The old man could not
force him out altogether and George
Crocker was determined not to be
fooled. If he was no match in diplo
macy for Huntington he could at least
fight. The battle has ended. Th*
Crocker and Stanford interests in the
Southern Pacific Company are now
what they never were before — subser
vient to C. P. Huntington. What
Charles F. • Crocker, Leland Stanford,
Colonel Fred Crocker and Mrs. Stan
ford fought for has been lost and
George Crocker thinks he has won a
victory. C. P. Huntington never says
what he thinks. •«
In this factional fight for supremacy
in the Southern Pacific Company a
feature of minor interest has been dis
played. During the lifetime of Colonel
Fred Crocker the big yellow building
of the corporation was divided into two
bitterly antagonistic factions. The fight
between Colonel Crocker and Hunting
ton was taken up by their respective
followers. Heads of departments were
in one camp or the other. They chose
their standard as they believed success
would come. There were Huntington
men and Crocker men. and the feeling
was so bitter that even clerks were ar
rayed against each other.
This condition of affairs has con
tinued to the present time. Railroad
men are wondering now if the follow
ers of Crocker and those in the Stan
ford faction will feel the weight of
Huntington's anger. Crocker's capitu
lation has made the old man absolute
master of the great corporation after
years of struggle, worry, intrigue and
culminating triumph. It may be that
Huntington will now pay his debts of
spite.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1899.
HIS TIRELESS WORK
FINDS ITS REWARD
General Dickinson
the Recipient of a
.Handsome Token
From Jiis Jldmip
er_,
YESTERDAY General John H. Dickinson was the recipient of a handsome
silver punch bowl, presented to him by the attaches of the investigating
committee of State institutions appointed by the Senate two years ago, as
a manifestation of their appreciation of his efforts while chairman
of the committee. Among the presentees were: Frank M. Brandon, sec
retary of the committee; Bliss & Flaville and Reid - Brothers, architects;
Messrs. Mott and Van Court, stenographers, and the other clerks and secre
taries of the investigating body. ■ .-,' 7
When the 'committee received its commission two years ago it immediately,
set to the task of making, a complete and thorough examination into the af
fairs of many State institutions. This required several months of- most assid
uous labor, during which time Dickinson performed his share in such a man
ner as to relieve the burdens of his associates. As a result a voluminous and
graphic report was handed over to the last session of the legislative body.
The general's energy proved untiring, and his assistants recognizing this,
took occasion to present him with a memento of their respect and confi
dence. w3_&
The bowl is a handsome speciment of workmanship, having inscribed on
one side the following: "To General John H. Dickinson, from Appreciative
Friends. March 19, 1599." On the other side are the initials, ''J. H. D."
VANDERBILTS
PAID LITTLE
FOR THEIR ROAD
'They Got a Majority
of All the Stock.
WORK WILL BEGIN AT ONCE
FREEMAN & JAMES TO FLOAT
TWO MILLION DOLLARS.
The Entire Issue of the West Shore
Road Taken by Them at
Eighty-Seven Cents on.
the Dollar.
Yesterday the terms of the contract by
which Freeman & James of New York
City, agents for the Vanderbilts, came
into control of the West Shore Railroad
were given out to the public, and the an
nouncement was made that the work of
construction would be begun within the
next sixty days.
By the terms of the contract Freeman
& James take at the rate of nt cents on
the dollar all of the $2,000,000 bond issue
which the Joost people have for so long
tried unsuccessfully to float. Also they
take 67 per cent of the stock of the com
pany, leaving the balance .to.be. divided
among the stockholders in amounts pro
portionate to their present holdings.
The New York agent's further guarantee
to begin work on the line immediately
and that the construction shall be of the
best. There will be a large amount of
bridge work required along the route and
these bridges, it Is specified, shall be
bullded of steel. :.".*;.■.;. ',
It was denied yesterday, and with evi
dent good reason, that Joose had ever ac
quired a franchise in this county, al
though he had secured his rights of way.
This was one of the points that stood in
the way of the consummation of the deal
and was thoroughly investigated' by the
local attorneys of the New York agents.
As a result, they reported that the fran
chise matter was in as good shape as
every other phase of the transaction .and
the deal was ordered closed.
Work on the other lines is again going
on. Ninety miles of new track has just
been laid on the Utah and Pacific from
Milford, Utah, westward, and Colonel
Jones has lately returned from the East
with another block of money to go ahead
with the Fresno-Monterey connection.
The Utah line Is now but 320 miles away
from its nearest railway connection in
this State, and it is said that no more
time will be dallied away In its construc
tion now that the western terminal point
has been established.
BURGLARS WORK UNDER
THE POLICE'S EYES
RANSACKED A SALOON AND
ARE UNMOLESTED.
A burglary of unusual daring was re
ported to the police last night, and as it
occurred immediately opposite the Central
Station Captain Wittman and his officers
feel chagrined, that they did not capture
i hi- bold offenders.
When Henry Clasby, proprietor of the
Tulare Exchange, at 231 Larkin street, ar
rived at his place of business- yesterday
morning he was astounded to find his sa
loon in a wrecked condition. According
to his statement it looked as if a cyclone
had struck it. Empty bottles. were scat
tered about the place, as were also orange
skins and empty boxes. Pools of liquid
were all over the floor, and behind the bar
were empty spaces where bottles of wine
and whisky once reposed.
A further examination of the premises
disclosed the fact that the card machine
had been wrecked and its nicker recepta
cle emptied. The nickel-in-the-slot ma
chine attached to the telephone was torn
from Us fastening by the burglars. A note
pasted on the safe informed its owner that
he was "in a barrel, but his safe was un- I
touched." The thieves attempted to open
it, but were unsuccessful, much to Mr.
Clasby's satisfaction, as a large amount of
money had been placed there the night be
fore.
In searching for a clew to the unwel
come visitors the officers last night dis
covered that they had burst in a door
leading to the alley way on the Ash
avenue side, and then, without danger
from molestation, they cautiously removed
the transom over the back door leading to
the saloon. The burglars then crawled
through and began their depredation. Once
inside, they filled themselves with liquor
and then loaded themselves down with
their spoils and departed.
Their work was so stealthily done that
the people living upstairs were undis
turbed, nor waa any passer-by attracted
by the unusual visit.
Detectives have been detailed on the
case but have not as yet been able to lo
cate the thieves. •
Gold leaf, gold bronze. Flemish, bone
black and natural oak moldings for pic
ture frames in the very latest patterns
at Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street. *
TO BE MARRIED BENEATH
A CANOPY OF BLOSSOMS
Dr. T. E. Shumate and Miss Freda Ortmann,
Who Are to. Be United This Evening".
BENEATH a canopy of fragrant blossoms and surrounded by their most
intimate friends, Dr. T. K. Shumate and Miss Freda Ortmann will be
united in marriage by Father Martin of Benicia this evening at the
home of the bride's parents, 1901 Scott street. ! ■
• The popularity of the groom, who is one of the best known of the young
er physicians of this city, and the charming personality of the bride* adds
interest to the ceremony. Miss M. Enright of this city and Miss A. I.aflin
of San Diego will act as bridesmaids, and Dr. J. Smith and P. Moore are to
be . groomsmen.
Nearly a hundred friends will witness the ceremony and participate in
the merrymaking afterward. A large building in the rear of the mansion will
be devoted to dancing, and a covered archway, lighted with incandescent
lamps, will be stretched from the house to the dance hall.
A few days after their marriage the happy couple will depart for Eu
rope and will be gone four months. On their return they will take up res
idence in a beautiful home on California street, which was presented by the
bride's father, John F. Ortmann, the well-known capitalist..
Dr. Shumate has been practicing medicine in this city for the past five
years.- and during that short period has established a name for himself.
He has been associated with Dr. Keoney, physician to the Police Depart
ment, and has practically acted as Dr. Keeney's assistant, attending to the
minions of the law during their Illness. He graduated from Cooper Medical
College in the class of '94. Previous to that he graduated from the depart
ment of pharmacy of the University of California. V"
Dr. Shumate has a happy faculty of making friends, and the tatter have
shown their regard for him by sending himself and bride many costly gifts.
GRAVE SCANDAL
IN COLLECTOR
LYNCH'S OFFICE
Illegal Fees Extorted
From Chinese.
BOAST OF SEARCHER WAIT
;• .
DUPLICATE CERTIFICATES' OB
TAINED THROUGH HIM.
Lawyer Schaertzer Refused to Let
His Client Be Bled and the
Grafting Scheme Was
Exposed.
A scandal has developed in the office of
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch. The
suicide of Cashier Norton under the Wel
burn administration and the exposure and
flight of his principal have barely grown
cold when an incipient case of wrong do
ing comes to light. It is a flagrant viola
tion of the Federal statutes, and if not ex
posed at this time and checked would
no doubt, prove to be the entering wedge
for greater abuses.
. It has come to' the knowledge of The
Call that under a flimsy pretense a cer
tain class of persons doing business with
the office are taxed $10 each for a service
which the law declares shall be performed
without any charge whatsoever. The fact
that Chinese persons are the only suffer
ers and that brokers for Chinese and a
hanger-on of the revenue office are the
beneficiaries is no palliation for the of
fense. Somebody has been grafting a bud
of profit on the Federal tree in defiance of
the laws and in the "oppression of a class
of people too ignorant to know how to
resist' the extortion.
The 'matter came to the knowledge of j
The Call yesterday through the refusal of
H. C. Schaertzer, a lawyer, to permit his
client to be bled out of $10 which he was
not required by law to pay. Mr. Schaertz
er. had a Chinese client, a laborer, who had
lost his registration certificate and who
was anxious to get a duplicate from In
ternal Revenue Collector Lynch. Under
the statute the Collector must furnish to
all Chinese applicants a duplicate of their
certificate of registration upon their cer
tifying that the original has been lost. For
this service the Collector is not allowed to
make any charge. This particular laborer
wished to leave for a cannery in Alaska
in a day or two, and he employed Mr.
Schaertzer to get him, the duplicate re
quired.
The Collector was temporarily absent
from his office when Mr. Schaertzer called
with his client and an Interpreter, and he
stated his errand to Chief Deputy Frick.
Mr. Frick informed the lawyer that it
would be probably a week or more before
he would be able to supply him with a
duplicate, one reason being that several
bundles of the certificates were being
bound in a downtown printing establish
ment and that they would not be available
until the work of binding was completed.
Mr. Schaertzer offered to go to the print
ing office and make the search himself,
but Deputy Frick informed him that the
binder would not allow him to handle the.
certificates. •* In vain the lawyer pleaded
that his client had to leave the State
within a day or two and could not go with
safety without the duplicate certificate.
The deputy could do nothing for him.
The lawyer and his client had barely got
outside Mr. Lynch's office when they were
approached by an elderly man named
Wait, whom Schaertzer recognized as a
hanger-on of the revenue office and who
had been employed for three or four
months last year in making an index of
the Chinese certificates. Wait tapped the
lawyer on the shoulder and said that he
could get the duplicate for his client with
out delay if the lawyer would pay him $10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR '
DEPARTMENT.
A CHOICE AND COMPLETE STOCK.
LADIES' WASHABLE SHIRT WAISTS, in Percales, Cheviots,
Lawns, Madras and Tissues,
50c to $3 Each.
LADIES' SILK SHIRT WAISTS, very latest shapes, all the new
colorings,' also Blacks, . .
' $6 to $15 Each.
LADIES' TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, all the new colorings, also
Black, with ruffled and pleated flounces,
$3.50 to $25 Each, *
LADIES' SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, in Stripes and Rainbow
Effects, also Blacks and all the new colorings, both ruffled,
corded and with Spanish flounces,
$4.50 to $7.50 Each.
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED ENGLISH WOOL MOREEN
' SKIRTS, in an elegant variety,
$2 to $5 Each.
LADIES' WASHABLE SKIRTS, new styles, in Crashes, Ducks,
Cheviots and Striped Sateens,
75c to $3 Each.
, We have also received five cases LADIES' MUSLIN UNDER-
WEAR, all the latest styles, with lace and embroidery trim-
ming, which we will offer at very reasonable prices ; and we
carry a most complete stock of all the standard makes of Cor-
sets, both foreign and domestic manufacture. *
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
He then exhibited a paper signed by sev
eral brokers for Chinese in the following
language, as near as Mr. Schaertzer was
able to remember:
We, the undersigned, hereby agree that the
following prices shall prevail in the matter of
obtaining duplicate registration certificates for
Chinese: For preparing papers, $10; for search
ing for papers where the number is given. $10;
total, $20. For preparing papers where the
number is not given. $10; for searching for pa
pers where the number is. not given, 51"; total,
$25. In case of extra search or in cases where
extra time is required to ascertain the number
a proportionate amount will be charged for
services.
The lawyer decided that he was up
against a skin game. He turned to Wait
and flatly refused to be bled even to the.
extent of a nickel. He then 'went to his
office, whither he was followed by the
persistent Wait.
"How much are you getting for this?"
he asked the lawyer. "That is none of
your business," replied Mr. Schaertzer.
"I am getting more than the price named
in your schedule, but I don't propose to
give you a dollar."
Then Wait, glancing at the number of
the Chinaman's certificate, said that the
number was Incorrect and that the name
had not been rightly given. Having thus
raised the proper feeling of alarm Wait
fired another shaft which he expected
would find the mark.
"Collector Lynch will not allow any
body else but me in that vault to handle
the certificates, and he is willing that I
should collect something for my
trouble."
The lawyer flatly refused to enter into
negotiations with the favorite of Col
lector Lynch, and the interview termi
nated.
An hour later Collector Lynch was
asked whether he made any charge for
issuing duplicate certificates of registra
tion or whether he had authorised any
one to issue them for a fee. Mr. Lynch
replied that there was no charge for the
duplicate, and thai he had not author
ized any one to make any charge for the
service. When told that Wait had been
acting as an agent for the issuance of
duplicates and had represented, that he
had exclusive privileges in handling the
papers, Mr. Lynch, with a show of indig
nation, said that he would bar Wait from
his office, and that he had not been
aware that he, the ex-indexer, had been
making money out of the revenue office
In the next breath Mr. Lynch said tnat
Wall was a poor man, and that he had
assisted lawyers and others in getting
out the duplicates, and he (Lynch) had
"not desired to stand in the way of the
old man making a living, but he did not
indorse Wait s making a charge for his
services. The inference was drawn from
the Collector's remarks that Wait had
been receiving a gratuity voluntarily be
stowed by the lawyers and brokers
whom Wait had assisted by his knowl
edge of the Chinese certificates and the
method of picking them out.
"l won't let him in my office any
more said Mr. Lynch. Then he pro
ceeded to tell that only a few days be
fore he himself had gone to the bindery
for a Chinaman who was in a hurry to
leave the city and had got a duplicate
for him— to accommodate the China
man.
Deputy Frick remarked that "that man
ait" had bothered him a good deal, and
he wished that he could be kept out of
the office.
About a year' ago, before Wait and an
other man had been employed to index
the certificate., The Call learned that
some clerks In Collector Lynch'- office
had been charging or receiving fees of
$3 each for finding certificates and issu
ing duplicates. One of these clerks was
said to be Dillard, the colored messen
ger; who was a principal witness against
ex-Collector .Welbiirn. It was reported
that Dillard used to work overtime in
getting out duplicates, and that he was
paid by the brokers for his trouble, but
Dillard denied that he ever received a
cent. The Call's expose at that time
drew the attention of the Secretary of
the Treasury to the matter, with the re
sult that an appropriation was made for
the purpose of having the certificates in
dexed so that duplicates could be issued
without any loss of time. All but a few
of the certificates have been indexed, and
they have been arranged and bound ac
cording to their numbers, so that a cer
tificate can be found by its number in
not more than two minutes.
In the meantime Schaertzer's client
must postpone his trip to the salmon
fisheries of 'Alaska until the binding job
is finished and he can get his duplicate,
which will be some time next week. The
present exposure wiM have the effect of
reducing the brokers' fees for duplicates
from $20 to $10, there being no necessity
for continuing the $10 fee to Mr. W ait.
Ladies' tailor-made mitts, fur. capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, .11 Sutter, room. «-7.
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of the Custom House in San
Francisco.
SB I D UP Q
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
Commencing THURSDAY, April 13,
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY ST.
We received imperative Instructions to sell —
out this unsurpassed collection without reserve. W
Do not fail to attend. Goods on view Wednes- '
day.
TURKISH RUG CO.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
$100,00 REWARD
Will be paid for the re-
covery of the body of C.
P. L LEICHTER, drowned
off the Presidio Wharf on
Saturday, April 8, 1899,
at about 8 A. M,
TILLMANN & BENDEL .
tl will guarantee
that my Rheumatism
Cure will relieve lum-
bago, sciatica and all
rheumatic pains in
two or three hours,
and cure in a few
At all druggists, j,
25c. a vial. Guide
to Health and medi-
cal advice free.
1505 Arch st.. Phila.
B di i B ___ I 1 V __>_— __ _r __i^n
A^vitiu-is
iS sSdS^i _*% the new
tartar ion, D. . «____ .-At? >y FRENCK.a
YITALIS - **»?*'• VL M RFIIFnY
PRODI <KS Till: ABOVE 30th Day. I. _. I _ __U 111
Vi I ' T i?" __ <" ■, -My* surely remove Nervousness. Imp-teney.
Nightly Emissions, .Til Dreams Wastin. Diseases and all effect*
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality. '
Power and Failinc Memory. Wards off Insanity and C-nsnmp!
tion. lures when allothers fail. Insist on hating VIT .LIS
no other. Can be carried in the .est pocket. By mail $1.00
_&_*_____? six for $5.00 with ' ?*=•"•>"'■'<; to Cure or
S_i _*_,&£ _?_?_■.«_.• C rcular Free Address
CAIX-dET CURE CO., 884 Hear..™ S_, C_lca«*»
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
rC-l-h-ttei-*. Knell Diamond _<•___,
ENHYROYAL PILLS
-<i*""N * Orlfftnul and Only Genuine. A.
oi~i\(rri^\ •* . always reliable, laoies. as. _f\
J* ."■Si I, ' -'S' sl for Chichester . Kturiitb Jj-iSit*
■pS*B'*jJ|BE\mon_ Brand In Rod and Geld _ie:sl!ic\\J^
CV — OKWboxes. sealed with blue ribbon. Take \y
7_"*| "s^. ♦W llO other. Jtrfiisr dar.gr-out suhititu- V
I / and imitations. At I)rag;:srs, or send 4«.
I *<e» ■ ._¥ in stamps for particulars, testimonials anS
V V Ey "Kellof for Ladles." in letter, by return
*■*■*•*■_" _kV MalL IW.OOO Testimonials. Was*, Paper.
. 7*"^/ Chl«_e»terCie_«lcalC<».,_l»<ll»o_»o«ar*
•*• by all Local Urngglsta. 1 .lILA<»A„ i'AT 1
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTAHT POB_IO AND ATTORNBT-AT LAW.
Ttuili Floor, Koom 1015, Claus SiprecKels bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California «... b.low PowelL
lan Francisco