VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 62.
SENATOR JOHN BOGGS
JOINS THE MAJORITY
REQUIESCAT
IN RACE.
* — * John Boggs. one of the foremost of that
I PTftNFFR I band ot hardy pioneers by whose efforts
j riUl>£jCilV I California was wrested from the wilder
*— — ness and added to the galaxy of States, was
summoned by the grim destroyer yest iay morning, and
the summons found him ready, though it -.me without a
second's warning.
Senator Boggs, for the decedent represented thr Eighth
Senatorial District in the State Legislature, had been ill for
some days. The severe- weather at Sacramento during the
first fortnight of the session left him with a bad cold, and
two weeks ago, accompanied by his wife and daughter.
Senator Boggs came to San Frar.n- -expecting • to find
the climatic conditions more beneficial an at bla Colusa
County home. The family took apr-tments at the Palace
Hot»l and there death came upon him Wha* was at first
merely a cold developed into an attack of the grip, with
accompanying complications, which to a man A his ad
vanced years proved most trying.
i enator Boggs partially recovered, however and ell
day last Sunday he seemed to be greatly improved— so
much so that he ontemplated returning to Sacramento at
an early <lay Yes
terday morning,
though not quite
so veil, he arose
about 8 o'clock
anddress -cr him
self -->t oown'by
the fireplace In his
apartments. An
hour later som*
thing In his atti
tude attracted
the attention Jof
Mrs. Boggs. who
upon going to her
husband's side
found him in an
unconscious con
dition. Supposing
he had fainted,
she summoned
Dr. Philip K.
Brown, who had
attended Senator
Baggs during his
illness. The doc
answered the call
In a few mlnmes
and found that
life was extinct.
Without a sign
he had passed
away in the pres
ence of his
wife ar.d daugh
ter. Miss Alice,
s.-> peacefully that
when they went
to him before the
physician came
and gave his fate
ful verdict they
did not suspect
the truth. Just
before his wife
went to him he
had a paroxysm
of coughing and
it is the doctor's:
oninioi that . a
slight hemor
rhage ensued,
causing a clot t«
form on the heart,
which instantly
stopped its pulsa
tions.
Besides his wid
ow and daughter.
Senator Boggs
leaves two sons,
Frank, who is
connected with
the Union Trust
Co. of Stockton,
and Frederick, who supervises his father's great agricul
tural Interests in Colusa County. Both were summoned by
telegraph and arrived in this city last evening.
During the day a large number of friends called upon
the stricken wife and daughter to offer their condolences,
among them being General and Mrs. Chipman and Senator
Williams.
About a year ago Senator Boggs purchased a lot in Cy
press Lawn Cemetery, and there the remains will be in
terred Wednesday morning. Services will be held at 9
o'clock in the apartments at the Palace, conducted by Rev.
R. C. Foute of Grace Church. At the conclusion of the
services the body will be taken to the funeral train and
borne to the cemetery. It is Mrs. Boggs' wish that the
services be conducted without ostentation and her wishes
will be respected. Friends are invited to be present and it is
probable that a committee of both houses of the Legisla
ture will be in attendance.
#— John Boggs had seen all the changes
SFNATOR ! that have come t0 California pass before
ft farm-bred stock, and of a family noted
NO TRIUMPH FOR BURNS
No Element of
Strength Added
to His Fight.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— The forced resigna
WRIGHT POSES AS AN
INJURED INNOCENT
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3D.— To the Assembly, Thirty-third Ses
sion California Legislature, and to the Secretary of State — Gentle
men: In view of the circumstances attending the recent investiga
tion, and the report of the select committee now familiar to the As
sembly, I deem it due to myself and to the Assembly to present
this communication:
I feel that in many respects the findings and conclusions of
the committee are unjunst and unwarranted by the evidence.
It can not be asserted that I ever denied to
any one a single fact sustained by the testimony.
It is due to me to say that I freely and frankly
stated all of the facts that are alleged by the com
mittee to be censurable.
It is not pretended by ar.y one, nor do I admit for n moment
that I have been guilty of any crime. I therefore repeat that I feel
that the committee has done mo a grave injustice.
Nevertheless, as shown by the report of the committea, it
appears that some members of the Assembly suggest that I ought
not to continue to preside as Speaker. Ido not. wish to do so for
that reason.
Therefore, thanking the members of the Assembly for their
kindness and courtesy in the past. I now tender my resignation as
Speaker, ana ask that it be accspted at once.
HOWARD E. WBIGHT.
The San Francisco Call.
In the public history of Missouri from the * *
frontier period of that State. It grave to I T?-A DTbfPR I
Missouri a Governor, who survived the | *AlvJill!iß |
attempt of -a Mormon assassin to kill * ! *
him; a rugged and brave man after the traits of the fam
ily. \i?&
John Boggs, with an early set of that energy that was
■with him to the last, secured a good education, and then
followed the frontier that followed the sun. and arrived in
California in the high and mighty mining days of 1849. and
since then until his death has been a vital part of the
State's best force of enterprising men. All of his business
tact and skill was put into farming. Of a race of plant
ers, he turned in the way of his forbears to the soil. At
Princeton, in the Sacramento Valley, he owned a princi
pality, and farmed it as carefully as if It were ten acres.
The value of his example will appear in his method as a
farmer. On his vast holding he produced everything th<i.c
land can yield for the market and is needed to support
those who till It. His great force of workmen was al
ways fed on the best of bacons, hams, fresh meats and
cured, raised on the ranch. Every domestic fowl that can
flourish and yield
food was pro
duced there. All
that the garden;
orchard. • vine
yard and dairy
have to give was
there. This is
worthy of men
tion because va
riety farming Is
not the j practice
in California and
the State suffers
because it is not.
Its fruits in his
case were im
pressive, for year
after year the
profits of : his
ranch reached a
hundred thou
sand dollars.
He was a work
ing farmer. Al
though always of
slight physique
his hand knew
the plow handle,
snath and sickle.
He loved to do a
day's work on
the land, and
knowing a day's
stint, exacted no
more from any
man that ever
toiled in his fields.
With all his
skill and indus
try and success
as a farmer, John
Boggs had his
family's talent
for . public life,
and kept a ■ cur
rent interest In
it, without aban
dorii n e> hi m§elf .^p
' s lt"s sedcctlons^ anil'
:' Its certain diver
'''felons from • his
". calling. i ■ "■
J Long and use
£< fully, connected
with the State
Agricultural So
ciety as director
and president, he
served as Regent
of the State Uni
versity and later
of Stanford Uni
versity, and there
applied the aca
demic : training of his early life. ; Twice elected to the
State Senate, he died in that official harness.
Senator Boggs was first elected to the State Senate in
1870, serving four years, and was returned again to the
upper house in 18S7. From IS7S to 1880 he was a director of
the Napa State Insane Asylum, and from the latter year
until 1592 he was a member of the State Board of Agricul
ture, in which capacity he rendered invaluable aid to the
State. He was appointed Penology Commissioner in 1885.
and State Prison Director during ISK3-S7. He also served on
the Board ut Yosemite Valley Commissioners.
He never got through helping other men to help them
selves. Always a busy man, he turned the most willingly
from his own affairs to help others in need and trouble,
but only he and they knew it., for he was utterly without
ostentation in his charities and in all things. Always ap
proachable, genial, thoughtful of others, he had the natur
al dignity of a gentic-man and never lost it.
He i>ore his years so well that the news * #
of his death painfully impresses the entire RTTnTNT
State. Not many of our men of affairs IVX!iuI!jIN A
could go and be as sincerely mourned. * *
tion of Howard E. Wright from the
Speakership has not added a single ele
ment of strength to Burns. The pro
motion of Alden Anderson to the office
of Speaker is in no sense a Burns
triumph. The boast of the touts that
Burns made Mr. Anderson the Speaker
of the Assembly is designed to fool the
credulous with the notion that the
colonel can swing things in the Legis
lature If he desires. It is true that the
Burns men in the Assembly voted in
caucus for Anderson, but they did so
for the reason that Belshaw was fur
ther from their liking than Anderson.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
CALIFORNIA
ARGONAUT.
< 1
Alden Anderson is an open supporter
of General Barnes. He went into the
Barnes camp after full and deliberate
reflection, and went there to stay.
When the vote in the caucus stood 26
for Anderson and 28 for Belshaw, Mr.
Atherton of Marin, another outspoken
advocate of Barnes' election, changed
his vote from Belshaw to Anderson.
This change produced a tie. Mr. Mer
ritt, a supporter of Grant, then voted
for Anderson.
This evening the boast was made by
the Burns following that Speaker An
derson would to-morrow morning ap
point Wright to the committees on
which he (Anderson) was serving and
that the announcement would give
Wright the chairmanship of the Com
mittee on Corporations to succeed the
promoted Assemblyman from Solano
County. The touts speak of the ex
pected appointmer. . to-ni^ht because
they fancy that the announcement will
be made before another issue of the
San Francisco dailies can reach fie
city.
The plain facts in the case are that
Anderson did not enter into a pro
gramme with the Burns men. He did
not give a pledge or the hint of a
pledge in connection with the Speaker
ship. It is probable that he will ap
point Wright to the committees on which
he (Anderson) held a subordinate posi
tion, but as far as can be ascertained
he entertains no thought of placing the
deposed Speaker at the head of the
Committee on Corporations. The posi
tion is one of honor and responsibility.
It should be Tilled by a man of char
acter and good principles. The report
circulated by the louts that Anderson
entered into a programme with the
Burns men to appoint Wright to the
head of that committee is an Insult
which the true men of the Legislature
will resent. No one here is willing to
believe that Speaker Anderson ever
thought of appointing Wright to the
chairmanship of an important com
mittee. The fact is recognized that a
feeling of sympathy *or a disgraced
and dishonored young man constrained
the Assembly to accept Wright's resig
nation rather than demand his expul
sion. The letter of resignation must
be accepted as a confession of guilt. No
other meaning can be attached to it.
The assertion therefore that Mr. An
der entertains the thought of reversing
Continued on Third Page.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT RESIGNS
TO FORESTALL DECAPITATION
GOT OUT OF THE
WAY BEFORE THE
BLOW COULD FALL
Must Rest Under All the Odium
Attaching to His Acts.
PUNISHMENTTHOUGHTSUFFICIENT
After a Scoring Speech in Support of a Resolution of
Expulsion the Speaker Was Dropped Into Com
parative Oblivion.
COMMITTEE WORK COMES IN FOR DISCUSSION
Democratic Members Try to Make Capital Out of the Situation
and Get a Chance to Work in a Campaign Speech or Two
for Future Use and Also to help the
Man From Mexico
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— Without one dis
senting voice the Assembly this after
noon adopted the report of the special
committee on investigation that
charges and convicts Howard E.
Wright of crimes and transgressions of
the mtrral laws so great that even
public censure was not deemed ade
quate to their punishment.
Without one dissenting voice the As
sembly set the seal of its convictions
of and concurrence In the charges that
have brought Howard E. Wright and
his crooked career to a public and in
glorious finish. With the same
unanimity it has vindicated the course
The Call has pursued since it first un
earthed the ex-Speaker's wrong-doing
and has Indorsed the efforts this
Journal has made to instil into the
present Senatorial fight some element
of cleanliness.
The punishment that would surely
have been his portion Wright antici
pated by resigning from the high posi
tion from which it was the fixed inten
tion of this Legislature to pull him by
force if he should refuse to volun
tarily relieve it of the odium of his au
thority. Howard Wright saved him
self from further public humiliation by
following the advice of his Mexican
master and withdrawing from a posi
tion from which he would have been
incontinently tossed, but in adopting
the report of the committee that de
clared him guilty the Assembly set the
brand of its convictions so deep in his
political hide that not the power of a
Burns nor the combined influence of
his hirelings will ever efface it and
make him fit again to sit where honesty
and uprightness in public things sit in
open assembly.
The Assembly realized this and for
this reason stopped at his enforced
withdrawal and the ratification of the
committee findings. That he was not
disbarred from the floor he can lay to
the similitude of decency to which he
laid claim by virtue of the apparently
voluntary resignation.
It was not the findings in the case of
Wright that perclpitated the squabble
that ensued this afternoon when the
committee report came up on the spe
cial order. The committee Itself was
the contention. The Grant people were
out to save Milton Green. Grant's rath
er unique political manager, from the
contempt proceedings that have been
hanging over his head. The com.nittae,
except the minority part of it, was in
the fight because ft wanted to be re
lieved from the onus of further duty.
The minority wanted to go on as lons
as there were any Republicans left to
work on. The majority caus^ being a
common one with Grant, the two fac
tions combined.
Dibble and the Burns people were in
it to make all of the Burns capital they
could out of the censure that was ad
ministered to Grant, but they did not
want to take a chance on anything be
ing turned up on the Burns camp, so
Dibble introduced a resolution that
hasn't its equal on the records for
uniqueness. He wanted the committee
discharged and he also wanted it kept
in commission, but with its power lim
ited to dealing with Milton Groen. Bel
shaw looked at it from a Bulla stand
point, and wanted everything to go
along just as merrily as it has been,
and he expressed a desire to lyive
everybody in the State investiga'U-d.
He amended Dibble's resolution to the
extent that none of it was left and so
that it provided that the committee
should continue with its investigation
indefinitely. The report also provided
for the adoption of the commlttee'c re
port. As amended It read as follows:
Whereas, The Special Committee of In
vestigation of the methods employed In
the election of a United States Senator
has made its report to the House;
Resolved. That the said report be and
the same is hereby adopted and approved
as a partial report.
Mr. Dibble accepted the amendment
and then the fight began. Young Mr.
Works of San Diego came largely into
evidence. He headed the fight for
Green by rushing frantically to Bel
shaw while the latter was at the clerk's
desk presenting his resolution and be
sought him to amend by allowing the
dismissal of the committee.
"Let up on Green," entreated the San
] Diego yearling, "that's all past now."
But Belshaw would not stand for it
and Insisted on his amendment. Works
I got mad and introduced one of his own
which he moved as a substitute for Bel
shaw's. Mr. Works wanted to resolve
that the report of the committee be
adopted and the committee be and here-
Iby is discharged. Then Burnett of the
minority end of the committee came to
the front with his amendment which
was significant as showing the spirit
of the whole Democratic minority. It
was as follows:
Resolved. That the report of the Spe
; cial Investigation Committee be and It is
I hereby adopted; and be It further
Resolved, That the Special Investigation
j Committee be instructed to investigate
; and report what other members, if any, j
! of the Assembly accepted financial aid I
, during the last campaign from any Sena- I
\ torial candidate and whether such tinan- j
i cial aid was accepted with the express or
! implied understanding that their votes
| for Senator were thereby pledged to the
candidate furnishing such financial aid.
Mead of Los Angeles took occasion
at this point to get in a little Demo
cratic swat at the majority. He wanted
the committee kept right at work. He
believed it should go into every Assem
bly district in the State. He said he
; could point out districts where Re
publican money was used, and Burnett
chimed in with the statement that he
i knew for a certainty it had been used
: against him. Brown, a majority de
, i fender from San Mateo, came to the
I fore in defense of his colleagues and
I demanded that the committee be dls-
I charged and that the minority be given
j no further chance to crowd the ma
'■ Jority to the wall. McDonald of Ala
meda also came to the front. A call
> was made for the previous question be
; fore he had had a chance to come into
; evidence and with a "Hold on there,
the amen corner has got a word or two
to say," he climbed over all of the mi
i tervening furniture and landed in front
of the press desk. He belabored the
minority and every one else and gave
I off loud demands for the discharge of
I the overworked committee. "All these
: minority fellows is trying to do," quoth
he, "is make political capital out of us
and fill this here chamber up with a
Democratic majority next time."
The star event though came from
i the rival leaders on the floor. John
son made it another occasion to snarl
at the heels of the press, and Uncle
Collis' little bowwow did not overlook
any bets. When he -had no facts he
| manufactured them and the result on
I the whole was highly successful. Judge
i Dibble took his occasion when he got
I up to demand the previous question.
! The judge spent fully ten minutes in
! manufacturing glowing political docu
-1 ments to be used by the Democratic
j party when the next campaign comes
i along. He calleu up two bills he has
j Introduced entitled. "How to be hon
! est, though crooked," and explained
j that they were Intended to prevent the
j debauchery of State politics by every
i wealthy aspirant to Senatorial honors.
| He said in effect that Stephen White
, |-was the only United States Senator
! elected from this State who had not
1 had recourse to Colonel Mazuma to ef
fect his election. He held up Hearst
and also Stanlord and every other Re
j publican success since 1880, including
THE NEW SPEAKER, ALDEN ANDEKSON.
Perkins, as monsters of political wrong
doing and prayed in tear-choked ac
cents that this thing might be stopped.
To do the judge justice he was simply
attempting to make capital for Burns
out of the censure the investigating
committee has heaped on Ulysses 9.
Grant. He had really no ulterior mo
tive.
The previous question prevailed and
Belshaw's amendment to Dibble's reso
lution was adopted. Howard E. "Wright
was officially declared guilty. ,The next
business was his punishment.' Matters
were delayed for a space by Senator
Charles -I. Shortridge r>f Santa Clara,
who at that moment arose and ad
journed, and then Burnett, who had
been holding back a resolution that was
suspected of being a warm one, claimed
the Speaker's attention. Here is what
Clerk Kyle read:
Besolved, by the Assembly of the
State of California, two-thirds of all
the members elected to the same con
curring, that Howard E. Wright, a
member' of the Assembly, represent
ing the Fifty-first Assembly District
of the State of California therein, be
and he is hereby expelled, and his
seat in said Assembly is hereby de
clared vacant.
What Burnett had to say in support
of his resolution he prefaced with the
statement that he was actuated by no
feeling of bitterness or any considera
tion of party difference. He said he
called for Wright's expulsion from the
Assembly upon the ground that only
such action would be consistent with
the adoption of the findings of the com
mittee. Mr. Burnett spoke at much
length, but it was evident from the
start that the result of his resolution
had been already programmed by the
majority.
He was replied to by Judge Dibble,
who looked pained and spoke from the
Bible. Mr. Dibble conjured up the
Pharisees and compared them with the
political hypocrites of the present day.
GROVE L. JOHNSON
A MALICIOUS LIAR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan.
30.— Assemblyman Grove L. Johnson, member
from Sacramento, arose in his seat this after
noon and gave utterance to a deliberate and mali
cious lie. The He was malicious because it was
uttered with an intent to do an injury; it was de
liberate because no one knows better than Mr.
Johnson that it was a lie.
Here is what he said:
"There is another man in San Francisco— a
man claiming to have great power in this State— a
man also owning a great newspaper— one John D.
Spreckels— who has published in the columns of
his paper that these same twenty-five men who
have voted as i have voted for a United States
Senator (for Burns) have been bought to do so."
The Call has never made such a charge, either
directly, indirectly or by intimation. Mr. John
son is challenged to produce a copy of the paper of
whatever date in the columns of which he can find
subtantiation for the utterances of his lying
tongue.
jYlr. Johnson must do this or stand convicted
as a miserable liar whose lack of conscience
makes it possible for him to violate the honorable
privileges of the Assembly.
PRrCE FIVE CENTS.
i After he had dewlt upon the punish
ment that had already come to the
fallen Speaker he called upon him
among his hearers who was guiltless to
cast the first stone. And when the
i vote came on there were only a few
1 of them fired and they all came from
I the minority. The vote that killed off
• Burnett's resolution stood 56 to 18 and
as it was there was a scant half dozen
\ of the minority who cast their votes for
the protection of their ex-Speaker.
Radcliff of Santa Cruz declined to vote
at all and Dale. Knights and Hanley
were on the absent list. (
The retaining of the committee in ita
present capacity left the Green matter
in a proper condition and upon the pre
sentation of another physician's cer
tificate his hearing went over to Friday.
Money for Political Pie.
PALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— The twenty-six Repub
lican Senators caucused this evening.
Under the amended Belshaw act they had
each $14 worth of patronage to distribute
' and pass over to hungry hangers-on, who
'■ have been waiting here for four weeks to
' obtain a seat at the pie counter. The
■■ Senators had no difficulty in arriving at
! an amicable adjustment of the patronage
\ question. The increase of the expense of
; conducing the Senate under the new law
1 amounts to $364 per day. Under the Bel
< shaw act as originally passed each Sen
ator had $13 50 per day. worth of patronage
; to pass out. This amount, to a total ex
pense of $351 per day. with the addition of
$364 which is created by the new law
means that $715 per day of the money of
: the taxpayers is paid out daily to Senate
employes and attaches.
Corporation Bills.
CALL, HEADQI'ARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— Two bills came before
the"A"semb!y Committee on Corporations
this evening and were reported back fa
vorablv-bill 291. an act enabling cor
porations owning property in foreign
countries to dispose of the same and bill
399 an act to amend an act providing for
the organization and management of tire
insurance companies.2
ORATORY OVER THE COMMITTEE REPORT.
GREAT ORATORICAL
FLOW ON THE FLOOR
OF THE ASSEMBLY
Grove L. Johnson Takes Occasion to Display
Himself Again.
WRIGHT AN EXAMPLE OF IMMORALITY.
Burnett Holds Up the Ex-Speaker to the Gaze of the Young
Men of the State as One Whose Methods Are
. to Be Avoided.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— Much oratory was
indulged in on the floor of the As
sembly this afternoon in connection
with the adoption of the report of the
investigating committee and the propo
sition to discharge the committee and
thus shut off further investigation into
alleged illegal acts of members. A
verbatim report of some of these
speeches are given herewith:
A FEW REMAKKS BY JOHNSON.
Mr. Johnson of Sacramento— Mr.
Speaker, I agree, for one, entirely with
the remarks* of the gentleman from San
Francisco. Mr. White, the gentleman from
\;ij!i].-h, Mr. Valentine, and the gen
t!. man from San Lulu Obispo, Mr. Bur
nett: but I agree upon a higher and
lor plane than either of them. If I
this investigation, sir, consumes all the
time of this session, if it blocks the
wheels of legislation so that no law will ■
be passed at this session, and it results j
in finding who is guilty, the people of the ;
State of California will nay, "Well done, I
gt.'<>d and faithful servants," to us. (Ap
plause. )
1. for one, sir, am in favor of having this
investigation continued until we trace'
down every charge that has been made in
any manner in refer- nee to the election of
a I'nited States Senator by this Legisla
ture. Mr. Qreen li not the only witness
who is recalcitrant. Why are you gentle
men delicate In mentioning other names?
I am not. A witness, a resident of San
Francisco, a man of power and influence,
a man of wealth, a man who own? and
publishes a daily paper of large circula
tion, who has bee"n subpena<^d as ii wit
ness and lias defied and condemned the
authority of this Assembly. <1o you pro- |
•pose to lei M. H. d<- Young pass? Do .you ;
propose to condone his offense? He has
published in the columns of his paper
dally that twenty-five members of this
Legislature have been bought to vote for
one certain man for Senator. Let him
present his proof. Speaking as one of
that band that he has mentioned. I say
that 1 hope he will be called upon to tes
tify; and. speaking for myself, let him
detail any rumor that he may have heard.
Let him give any hearsay evidence that
he can. For. if the skirts <>f any man who :
hns voted with me and whose name in in- j
scribed in that lint Have been tainted in I
this investigation. let it be made manifest. I
There Is another man in San Francisco
of greater wealth, a man claiming to
have great power in this State, a man
also owning a great paper, one John D.
Spreckels. who has published in the col
umns of hisgiappr that these same twen
ty-five men who have voted as 1 have
voted for a i'nited States Senator have
been bought to do so. Why did not this
committee subpena that man and let him
give his testimony. For one. sir. 1 want
this investigation to continue. I am op
; to discharging it. Let the (railed
Jade wince, my withers are unwrung. I
am not afraid of an investigation, and I
want it continued, and I want these, men
who say that these evil practices have
been going on to come forward with their
proof and not take refuge In the cow
ard's pie;; of being sick— with no refer
ence to Mr. Green at all.
Now, 1 say. sir. that it will be doing
wrung to discharge this committee. We
will be doing wrong to ourselves and to
the people. The Governor of this State
in the inaugural address that he deliv
ered in this hall said that he believed, or
at least that he was almost williijg to be
lieve, that the Legislature should meet
only once in four years. If that be so.
then we are not injuring anybody if we do
not pass any laws. A wise man has said
that that country is governed the .best
that is governed the least. If. then, this
blocks legislation, it will do us no harm,
provided the investigation is conducted
courageously and fearlessly, and that
members do not fall down when they run
■\ip against th<- proprietors of sreat news
papers published i" San Francisco. For
one 1 say that we ought, in the lan
gunge of Mr. White of San Francisco—
we ought not to make tish of one and
f another.
I do say that we ought to attempt
to punish Milton J. Green for contumacy
here unless we also punish M. H. (Ie
Young for his failure to obey. There is
another gentleman who has not obeyed
the subpena. What do you propose to do
with him? Dismiss him in silence? I will
not mention his name. You know who
I mean. No, gentlemen, no; you will be
doing, in my judgment, wrong. You will
be doing a wrong to yourselves if you dis
charge this committee. And I appeal to
my friend from San Diego in the interests
of his candidate, in the Interest <>f his
party, in the interest of something higher
and greater than that— in the interest of
his State— to withdraw his motion and let
this committee stand as it is, and let the
investigation j^o on, no matter who may
be Injured; and I know, sir, that you do
not fear the inquiry, and. therefore, 1 ask
you to withdraw your motion. Let the
investigation go on. Let the committee
probe everything. Let this Mr. Qreen an
swer the questions; let Mr. de Young an-
Bwer his questions: let John D. Spreckeis
answer questions put to him. and let us
find out whether there is anything in this
widespread denunciation of members of
the Legislature that they have been
bought, arc being bought and are willing
to be bought in the election of a I'nited
States Senator. If we can establish in
this investigation that anything wrong
has been done, we will have accomplished
a great good. The only way to accomplish
it is to continue the committee. I hope
the motion will be withdrawn, and if not
withdrawn, I hope it will be voted down
by the Assembly. (Applause.)
BROWN GIVES HIS VIEWS.
Johnson was followed by Brown of
San Mateo. He said:
1 do not think, Mr. Speaker, that thla
committee should be entirely discharged
from the consideration of this question.
I agree with the gentleman from 'Los
Angeleh that we do not want to lose juris
diction of Mr. Green and of this subject
matter, and, therefore, for that purpose
If for no other we should continue the
committee in existence until time 1b fixed
for reporting him at the bar of this
House But I am not willing that the
time of this House and the time of this
committee shall be consumed in assisting
any member, or any number of members.
In this House in getting even with any
newspaper whom they do not like. We
have ho far carried on this Investigation
as already to n aV e followed every legiti
mate channel that has been opened up in
™,t in vp«ti cation • You. have had before
l u e j all of the candidates who
kHkHm
per reporter who nasp w|thln the
kacTof^comU'tTe before that com
mlttee. Then why is it necessary to bring
here men who simply edit those papers,
and who undoubtedly have no personal
knowledge of the matters which have
been reported in the papers?
I do not believe In shielding those men.
I believe that they should be brought
here in answer to the subpena of this
House the same as you have brought
Milton Green; but let us act
now and let us have our ser
geant at arms execute the warrant of the
House. But If this investigation is to con
tinue I for one am not willing that only
those districts shall be inveetlgated which
have returned Republican members of
this House. I believe in carrying it into
every district, and I do not believe that
the Democratic members in this House
have won their election any fairer than
the Republicans. I do not believe all the
virtues reside In the Democratic minority.
I do not believe the Democrats exercise
any more honesty in their elections than
the Republicans. Men who are familiar
with the history of the elections of
United States Senator from this
State knows that there has never
been an election that there have
not been aspersions again*,*, the sijtcess
ful candidates, and I for one, Mr. Chair
man, if this investigation Is going on,
shall insist that we investigate Demo
crats as well as Republicans.
MEAD FOR THE MINORITY.
Speaking for the minority. Mead of Los
Angeles had this to say: "Mr. Speaker, I
want to say, in reply to my friend from
San Mateo county, that I am in favor of
this investigating committee going into
Democratic legislators, and I will guaran
tee the gentleman from San Mateo, if he
finds anything Improper in the elections
of Democrats from those districts we will
show him something improper In the at
tempt to elect the Republicans In those
districts. My friend from Alameda coun
ty says the Republican party has some
thing "at stake, and then he hoists the flag
of distress and says: 'Let us go no furl
ther with this investigation.' 1 say. Mr.
Speaker, let us go on with this investiga
tion. Let us investigate every district in
this State, whether it be Republican or
Democratic, and I will vote in this house
to expel any member of this Assembly
who has accepted assistance from any
candidate for Senator, thereby pledg
ing his vote in advance for that man.
MELICK FOR THE COMMITTEE.
Melick of Los Angeles, one of the ac
tive members of the investigating com
mlttee, spoke as follows:
The scope that this debate has taken
shows to my mind conclusively that this
committee ought to be discharged. There
Is no line of Investigation but what I am
willing to go in; but 1 believe, taking the
high and broad view as indicated by As
semblyman Johnson, that committee has
gone there. It has produced Its findings,
and now, as it has produced those find
ings on that broad ground, we and you
have accepted them. It Js no time to go
in for personal malice. When he says that
this committee is afraid to bring
(Mr. Johnson— No, no; I did not say so.)
Mr. Melick— Here Republican editors or
great editors, 1 say it is false, for this
committee Is willing to bring any man on
earth here If there is something to be got
ten from him. Now, then, I agree that
those great newspapers have no business
to have that blacklist in their papers, but
that is no reason why they should be
hauled here to answer for malice. John
D. Sprockets was not subpenaed by this
committee because we did not believe he
had anything to say. M. H. de Young
was subpenaed, but he sent a doctor's
certificate, which was sufficient for the
tim-. and then we got the very informa
tion that we wanted, as has been indicat-
SL by * Mr - J- ard n er . from other sources.
Therefore, there is no reason in the world
why these gentlemen should be brought
Take the line of investigation that has
he n suggested by Mr. Mead. Mr. Burnett
and these others— if you continue this in
vestigation It Is only a question of per
sonal malice, and that has been the only
reason that . tlU ' Investigating commmee
had to be so long in its sittings; there was
this personal malice in these things that
were brought before us. and we fnvesU-
SfHted and we tried to sift them out
Now, Mr. \alentlne says that this com
mittee ought to be continued until we
th. V< LV? c . testlmon y <* Mr. Green. I 'ion' t
think It Is necessary for it t0 be continued
e\en that long, for this reason* Th»> in.
vcstlgating eommlMee is for the 'uurnose
of bringing, to this House certain infor
«£"£"• V°^ M J- Green cimes before
the bar of tho House. These Questions
are propounded to hfm; - any additional
questions may be propounded to hin We
get the information that way first hand
There JW eaßon .' then, that he should
be sent back to the- committee for fur
ther questions. Mr. Green is before the
bar of the House; yOUKet your information
without any committee. Now, then I do
not shr nk from further Investigation be
cause I fear something, but- because I
think that it had been continued a" far
as justice requires, and If you continue us
there i» no telling when some newspaper
may bring up some other charge-thls
charge or that-and you send us on all
session. And as has been indicated we
have been sent here for other business
duty. thlnk lhat We haVe done our fuU'
The report is before you. Those who are
in contempt can be brought before you
and I don't believe there is any further
use for this committee. You may think
that you have a good thing in this com
mittee and want to hold it as a sweet
morsel under , your tongue, but I think
as far as I am concerned, there is noth
ing for us to do. ' otn
DIBBLE'S CAMPAIGN SPEECH.
Dibble of San Francisco, while seek
ing to make capital for Burns, gave
Vent to a very good Democratic cam
paign speech. He said:
Mr. Speaker: As the mover of this orie
inal resolution, I desire to say, if the gen
tleman will kindly not press his motion
for the previous question, a few words
in conclusion.
The resolution, as introduced by me
provided for the approval of the report
of the committee and for the continuation
of that committee for the purpose of hear
ing the answer of this witness, who has
not appeared at the bar of the House as
commanded to do.. The gentleman from
Contra Costa, Mr. Belshaw, proposed an
amendment to my resolution, the effect of
which is simply to adopt the report of the
committee as a partial report. That would
leave it In the power of that committee
to continue its work If it should become
necessary and would leave the committee
in existence to deal with this witness. I
was with the amendment pro
posed by Mr. Belshaw and accepted It,
so that is the original resolution. The
amendment proposed by the gentleman
from San Francisco. Mr. White, Is in the
form nf an affirmative resolution directing
this committee to continue its investiga
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
tion. I am opposed to that resolution or
to that amendment for the reasons that I
have already expressed, and for other
considerations which I desire now briefly
to submit. To that amendment the gen
tleman from San Diego, Mr. Works, has
proposed a substitute which is to be
treated as a second amendment propos
ing the discharge of the committe wholly.
I am opposed to this second amendment
and hope that it will be voted down. It
would not conform to the dignity of this
House to discharge the committee and al
low a witness, who has been commanded
to appear at the bar of the House, to
escape in that way. It would be a sur
render of the pdwer and dignity of the
House and it should be voted down.
Xow, as to the amendment of the gen
tleman from San Francisco, Mr. White.
I trust that the House will not adopt that
amendment. I believe by doing so the
House will express its opinion that the
work of this investigating committee
should now cease, except so far as it may
be necessary to deal with these witnesses,
if there be more than one, who have not
appeared In response to the subpena of
the committee and the command of the
House. I believe that the work of this
committee has been of very great service
to the State of California.
I believe that it will result in the adop
tion by this House and in the passage of
the Legislature and in the approval of the
Governor of this State of the bill which
T have proposed as Assembly bill No. "49.
making It a felony from this time for
ward for any candidate for the I nited
States Senate to attempt to debauch the
politics of California. And that has been
the curse of this State for twenty years.
It did not commence in the year 1599 or
1898. It commenced, so far as I know, and
it may have commenced earlier, but it
commenced within my recollection in isso,
when a candidate for the United States
Senate, belonging to the party to which
I belong, began a campaign of corruption
to secure the election of candidates in the
different counties of this State to the
Legislature who should be pledged by an
implied agreement to vote for him for
Senator of the United States
That campaign was followed by another
campaign four years afterward, when
another candidate belonging to the party
to which I belong made his campaign on
the same lines and secured the election of
a Republican Legislature. Tha Legisla
ture was convened and another per
son was chosen in his stead, but
the practices which we now con
demn were pursued in that campaign,
within my recollection and within the
recollection of many of the members of
this body. And in 18S6, two years after
ward, when there was existing a vacancy
in the office of Senator in the Congress of
the United States, a distinguished and I
will say pure-minded gentleman belong
ing to another party in this State, secured
the flection of a Democratic majority by
spending thousands, and, I may say,
hundreds of thousands of dollars of
money In this State— corrupting the poli
tics in every county in California. I
don't say that this was in violation of the
law, and I don't say it is a violation of the
lay to-day, but I do say that it was an
evil practice, that it was a vicious prac
tice, that it resulted in the debauchery of
the politics of California, and T believe
that the investigation that has been *«eld
in this Assembly by the committee wnose
report we now propose to adopt will bring
about a cessation of these evil practices
by the adoption of a law which will pre
vent millionaires from buying the election
of legislators upon the express or implied
agreement that they shall be elected
Senators in the Congress of the United
States.
But it did not stop there. Four years
later the term of the Senator who
had been elected in ISB4 was about to ex
gire and there was carried on fn this
tate a campaign of corruption and de
bauchery, and a man who had been known
as a great political boss spent money like
water In every county in California and
secured the election of a Legislature
which should re-elect the gentleman who
was chosen in I>^4 in this hall without the
expenditure, I believe, of so much as a
cigar. But the evil was carried on dur
ing the primaries and in the selection of
candidates for the Legislature in the vafr
rious counties, and the Legislature of ly.U
was the product of the money that had
been thrown into the campaign by the
gentleman who was managing the cam
paign of the Senator in Congress who wan
then absent in Europe. I speak but the
truth. I speak that which is known to
e%'ery man familiar with the politics of
California. And from that day to tnis
these practices have continued. In 1592
another campaign was made on the same
lines. In 18% another campaign, per
haps not on so gigantic, a scale— a cam
paign managed Dy the gentleman whose
presence we are demanding at the bar of
this House— was conducted for the elec
tion of a Senator and for the choice of a
Legislature whose members should be
pledgt-d by an implied or express agree
ment to vote for that gentleman for Sen
ator in the Congress of the United States.
And so these evil practices have con
tinued, until to-day and here we have the
testimony produced before the House
showing that another campaign of de
bauchery has been carried on and that
a gentleman came here expecting to he
elected Senator in the Congress of the
United States because his managers had
assisted in electing members of the Legis
lature in the different counties of Cali
fornia. Let us stop these evil practices.
Let us make it a felony for any candidate
for the United States Senate to pay
any money to a candidate for the
Legislature, whether he has been nomi
nated or not, and let us make it a felony
for any candidate for the Legislature,
whether he has yet been nominated or
not, to receive money from ar.y person
who expects to be a candidate before the
Legislature for United States Senator
upon the express or implied agreement
that he will vote for that person for the
high and exalted office of Senator.
Now, I do not intend to cast reflections
upon those gentlemen who have been
chosen to the high office of which i speak.
They found those practices in vogue. They
have pursued them. There were no laws
upon our statute books making it a crime
to pursue these practices. Nevertheless,
it is a crying evil, which it is the duty of
this Legislature to stop now and forever.
Suggestion has been mad« by the gentle
man from San Francisco, Mr. White, that
this investigation might bring about the
passage of a joint resolution in this Legis
lature In favor of the election of Senators
by a popular vote. I was, in my own
mind, somewhat undecided as to the
merits of that proposition. I now know
that it was wrong. I do not wish to see
these practices transferred to the political
conventions. 1 do not wish It made possi
ble for millionaires to debauch the po
litical conventions of California. I be
lieve that by the enactment of laws such
as I propose, and by the passage of an
other bill which I have Introduced, we
can prevent this evil in the future. I will
not discuss the question of the election
by the popular vote al this time, because
it is scarcely pertinent. 1 only throw it
out as a sutlßestion. But I say now that
all the good that can be has been ac
complished, and if It were not for
the Impropriety of discharging the
committee whf-n a witness has re
fused to answer, I would be willing
to vote for the Immediate discharge of
the committee in order that we might go
on with our legislative work. But I hope
now that the good 'that has been ac
complished will he registered by the pas
sage of laws making it impossible to re
peat these evil practices. J hope that the
resolution as amended by Mr. Belshaw.
which amendmc-nt I have accepted, will be
adopted, and that the pending amend
ments will be voted down.
BUBNETT DENOUNCES WRIGHT.
Burnett of San Luis Obispo intro
duced a resolution expelling the dis
graced Speaker from the Assembly. In
support of it he spoke as follows:
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say a few
words on this resolution, and in rising
to speak upon this resolution I wish to
say that 1 am not animated by any feel
ings of bitterness toward the ex-Speaker
of this House; bu.t I believe that the find
ings of the report of the special commit
tee justify this action. I believe that the
only logical action upon the report that
has been adopted by this House Is the
expulsion of Howard E. Wright.
Mr. Speaker, the charges brought
against Mr. Wright were not charges in
volving his standing as Speaker. They
were not charges that involved his stand
ing as the presiding officer of this House.
They were charges involving his standing
as a man. They Involved hia manhood.
They were questions involving his honor,
and I submit to the Speaker and gentle
men of the ABsembly that those questions
are questions that appertain to a man's
standing as a member. The main question
to be considered In this connection is
not the punishment of Mr. Wright or any
other man. Just as, in the prosecution of
criminals in our courts, the main ques
tion is not the punishment of the criminal,
but the protection of life and property,
so. Mr. Speaker, In this connection the
main question Is not the punishment of
I Mr. Wright or any other man, but the
preservation of the integrity of this body
and the honor of California. That, Mr.
Speaker, and gentlemen, is the leading
question, and 1 submit that if that man,
by his personal acts, has rendered him
self unfit to preside over this body he
has by those acts unfitted himself to bo
a member on the floor of this House. ,
Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, you have no
right to create in this body a privileged
class, and I want you gentlemen of the
Assembly to weigh that matter. If the
Speaker of this House, or the Speaker
pro tern., or any other member occupying
a position above the common level, has a
tight to permit Mr. Valentine to resign
or. rather, to do those things which would
require expulsion of a member not occu
pying a position of that kind— that you
create here a privileged class.-
What I wish to make plain by that is
this: You have decided to prosecute this
investigation; you will call Mr. Green to
the bar of this House and compel him—
if this House, by the power invested in if,
can compel him— to answer certain ques
tions. Those questions Involve the honor
of certain members on the floor of this
House. They may involve the honor of
some man who does not hold a position
separate from his membership, and in that
event, that man would be expelled; but
in case it should be shown that some
men— we will say Mr. Valentine here—
that questions were raised against him
that his honor was questioned and that
those charges were proved to be true;
would it be right, let me would it be
right to do those things with impunity—
the chairmanship of the Ways ana Means
Committee and. thus maintain his position
on ,the floor, when perhaps I, if the
charges were made against me and
proved, would be expelled? Why? Be
cause I occupy no position except the po
sition of a member. I would have no no
sltlon to resign.
The Speaker of this House has resigned
the position of Speaker, and, In my mind,
has done It to escape the full penalty of
has gone abroad over this land that a
man can, without sacrificing his honor,
take the course which our late Speaker
has taken, the sooner this Assemoly
places the stamp of disapproval upon that
idea or upon those ideas the better it is
man from San Francisco has told us that
these practices were common, nd he says,
"Let us stop them." I agree with him
there. If they are common, so far as I
am concerned, I will say that I have run
for the Legislature the second time, and
I have never taken a dollar from a Sena
torial candidate, and that man who takes
a dollar or any sum of dollars upon the
express or implied understanding that he
-Is to vote for that candidate that man has
accepted a bribe; and a candidate for
United States Senator who advances
financial aid to any candidate for the
-Legislature with the idea of obligating
that man to him, that man is a briber, I
care not who he is or where he came
from, and the bribetaker and the bribe
giver should be damned together. If tho
State of California has any representa
tives in the United States Senate that
have abused their duty to the extent of
buying their way to the United States
Senate, those representatives should be
breaking rock at Folsom instead of repre
senting this "great commonwealth upon
the floor of the United States Senate.
Those are my sentiments, and I believe
Mr. Speaker and gentlemen of the Assem
bly, that those are the sentiments of the
great common people of California. Poli
ticians may overlook what 1 deem brib
ery. Politicians may call it by some other
name; politicians, perhaps, have got too
used to those methods; but they have
been denounced, and they have always
met the disapproval of the great masses
Of the people. They have always been
looked upon by the great masses
of the people as bribery, pure and simple,
and no amount of sophistry, no amount of
argument, can ever convince the people
of this State that It is anything but brib
ery. Now, gentlemen of the Assembly, I
ask you to adopt this resolution. I ask
you, upon this day when the eyes of the
whole State of California are upon you—
ask you to lay aside every consideration
except the Interests of California— this
great commonwealth that I love and that
I believe all of you love.
"Consider the interests of California. Do
not be swayed by any sickly sentiment of
sympathy for any individual— an individ
ual caught at his own rascality; but if
you have any sympathy <to give, if you
have any sympathy, I say, you ought to
extend that sympathy to the hundreds
and hundreds of young . men throughout
the State of California that are entering
upon public life. Let the young men of
the State of California- understand ' that
that man who goes, crooked; that that
man who can stoop to such methods as
the late Speaker of this House: stooped to—
that that man will be damned politically
and socially. Let the young men of the
State of California understand that they
cannot trifle with bribery; that they can
not trifle In that matter.
Gentlemen of the Assembly. I ask you,
in the name of this great commonwealth,
in the name of the honor and thehonestv
and 'the virtue of this great States— ask
you to-day to set milestones along the
highway of this State— upon the highway
of time— to set a milestone there that
the young man passing along may read
upon It that it does not pay. to be crook
ed: that it pays to be straight;, that it
pays to be honorable; that it pays to be
honest. , -';-; <: -7 ;. v>;- s,-v^'Vr
GROVE TALKS AGAIN.
After the speech making was at an
end Johnson of Sacramento again de
manded the floor, this time on a ques
tion of personal privilege. ' He spoke as
follows. Those who know Mr. John
son's reputation for truthfulness may
give whatever they please to his re
marks:
Mr. Johnson— Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of personal privilege. In the
San Francisco Call of the edition of Sun
day, January 29, 1899, in the report from
The Call headquarters, as It is called, in
Sacramento, in reference to the bill No.
400. known as the bill in reference to, pre
venting the publication of portraits and
caricatures without the consent of the
person whose portrait or caricature is
published, occurs the following: ."John
son, however, has not stopped, at using
his Influence as chairman of the Judi
ciary Committee. He has come out open
ly on the floor and traded votes with
other members who have bills on the file
they want' passed. When he has not been
able to trade he has threatened. He ap
proached Cowan of Santa Rosa and told
him that if he did not vote with him he
need not hope to get the bills passed that
he now has before the House. He told
the same thing to McDonald of Alameda
and to Radcliff of Santa Cruz, and he or
,his followers have made the same threat
■to other members on the floor." Mr.
Sneaker, that statement Is absolutely, un
cuialinedlv, wickedly and maliciously false.
It was known to be false by the person
who wrote it. He wrote it knowing it to
be false, with the intention to try and in
iure myself and the members who favored
the bill, and with the Intention of injur
ing the chances of the bill in the Senate.
I do not expect to be treated with de
cency or with fairness by any man repre
senting either the San Francisco Call or
the San Francisco Chronicle, but I do ex
pect, they 'will tell the truth, at least by
accident, once In a while in regard to me.
Now I most earnestly protest in the name
of every member of this Assembly,
against such base lies being published
in reference to a member of this Assem
bly, and I state now that if these lies are
continued it will he the duty of this As
sembly to take action in reference to the
matter. '
Mr. Cowan is here. Mr. Radcliff is here,
Mr. McDonald is here. They know that
that statement was false. Neither .of
them was asked in reference to the matter
by the man who sent it, and they are all
here and they will all unite with me in
saying the statement is absolutely 1 , and
unqualifiedly false. Every man upon this
floor knows that I. have not done any
thing of the kind and knows * that the
statement is false. And I make this state
ment because friends of mine and friends
of the . bill in the Senate, friends
of mine and friends of the bill in the
House have said to me that they thought
I ought to do it, not because of myself
but because of the influence it might have
in reference to the bill.
Discussing the Debtor Law.
CALL HEADQUARTEDS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— The Assembly Judi
ciary Committee met this evening and
discussed bills 432 and 433, which relate to
the exacting of money by law from debt
ors and imprisoning them for contempt
wrten they refuse to pay the same, pro
viding they have an income exceeding $12
a week. Bill 4"2 provides for the male
debtor or head of a family and bill 433
makes a wife responsible for the debts
of the household where she has money
in her own name and where the husband
is unable to pay. President Hammond of
the Butchers' Association and President
Nobmann of the Retail Grocers' Associa
i
tion appeared before the committee and
spoke in favor of the bills. Attorney
Armstrong, representing a number of
merchants' organizations, also spoke in
favor of the measure. The committee took
no action on the matter and will wait
until a representative from an organiza
tion who was unable to appear to-night
can come before the committee with his
views. It will come up again Trursday
evening.
HEATED ARGUMENT
OVER CORPORATIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA.
MENTO, Jan. 30.— The Senate Committee
on Corporations is certainly made up of
some of the fighting members of that
body. The committee has hardly had a
solitary session to date that has been
strictly peaceful. To be true, no fisticuffs
have been features of the committee
gatherings, but wordy wars have been
numerous.
This afternoon the committee met and
held a session which will be recorded as
a historical one. Senator Shortridge of
Santa Clara and Senator Braunhart of
San Francisco contributed to the gayety
of the occasion. Senator Shortridge was
good-natured at all times, but Senator
Braunhart got rather warm because he
supposed that the junior Senator from
Santa Clara had termed him "a sand
lotter." This imputation he indignantly
denied with considerable heat.
The matter under discussion this after
noon was Senator Langford's bill "to
regulate the granting of telephone and
telegraph, street railroad and electric
light, heat and power and other fran
chises by the municipal authorities of in
corporated cities, cities and counties and
towns within the State of California, and
repealing conflicting acts."
This bill provides that all franchises of
the character named above can only be
secured by the party or parties desiring
it by him or them tiling a petition with
the governing body, the City Council or
the Board of Supervisors, which body
shall advertise the franchise for sale in
a daily newspaper of general circulation
for ten days, or, if it be a weekly news
paper, for four w^eks. The franchise is
to go to the highest bidder, or all bids
may be rejected. A bond is to be required
or the successful bidder that he will faith
fully carry out the terms of his franchise.
The first clause in the bill that was ob-'
jectionable was that giving to the
governing body the power to specify
whether the successful bidder shall pay
a lump sum for his franchise or pay an
annual percentage of not less than 3 per
cent of the gross receipts. This clause
was stricken out and the only condition
according to the bill upon which a fran
chise can be sold is for a percentage of
the gross receipts.
Then the next fight came over a section
requiring the governing body to adver
tise the sale of a franchise as soon as a
petition was filed with them signed by a
majority of the frontage on the streets.
Then in the original bill there was a pro
viso that the governing body could prior
to the advertising change or alter the
route proposed by the applicant for the
franchise.
This clause had its horns amputated by
the addition of these words proposed by-
Senator Leavitt: "If the change be In
like manner asked for by a majority of.
the property frontage affected."
But the. great fight of the afternoon
came on Senator Braunhart's proposition
to make the limit of the life of any fran
chise granted under the conditions of the
act twenty-five years, and providing that
at the end of the life of the franchise all
the line and property used to operate it
reverts to the- city.
To this proposition Senator Shortridge
made a fine oratorical objection. He said
that the people were becoming very
grasping when the name of the corpora
tion was mentioned. He stated that no
ptreet railroads in California outside of
San Francisco were earning money for
their stockholders, and that it was to the
great shame of the State that the Los
Angeles streetcar bonds had been hawked
in every city in the country and refused.
'•Instead of passing bills against news
paper men," said the Senator, indignant
ly, "this Senate should hire a few news
paper men to do their work for them, so
that bills would be put in in proper lan
guage, without unmercifully murdering
the English language.
"As far as the proposition of my dear
friend, the Senator from San Francisco, is
concerned, I want to say that it is noth
ing more nor less than "veritable confis
cation of property. If the property of the
corporation is to be confiscated at the end
of twenty-five years, the just thing to do
is for the city to guarantee an Income to
the corporation for Its property, which
it is going to take at the end of a quarter
of a century, just, perhaps, as it is about
to become a producer. This is nothing but
miserable sandlotism under the thin
guise of municipal reform."
Senator Braunhart replied to Senator
Shortridge in heated terms. He said that
his only desire was to exclude from the
bill those features which would bring it
In conflict with the provisions of the San
Francisco charter regarding the matter
of street car franchises and how they
should be obtained.
Senator Shortridge insisted that bicycles
had ruined streetcar properties where a
city had decent roads.
The question was asked who drew up
the bill, and Herman de Laguna, who was
present, stated that he drew it up. He
added that he had prevailed on Senator
Langford to introduce it.
Senator Langford came in afterward,
and said that he knew nothing about the
bill. He had introduced it by request.
He then retired.
"Herman de Laguna is well known In
Los Angeles." said a prominent citi
zen of the Southern California metropolis
to-night. "He had been bartering and at
tempting to barter in franchises of vari
ous kinds for years. We look upon him as
a faker, and if Senator Langford has in
troduced any bill he drew, the Senator,
whom I know to be an honorable and an
upright man, has simply been imposed
upon."
The bill will come up for discussion later
by the committee, and It has a promising
prospect of being laid upon the table.
BURNETT'S RESOLUTION
A CAUCUS SUBJECT
CA^L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— The resolution declar
ing Wright's peat In the Assembly vacant
which was offered this afternoon by As
semblyman Burnett was the subject of
a minority caucus during the noon recess.
Mead of Los Angeles opposed the plan
and argued that such a resolution should
properly come from the majority. After
selecting candidates to place in opposi
tion to Anderson and Dunlap the main
question was dropped, leaving Burnett
to do as he saw fit in the matter.
The Insane Asylum Law.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— A delegation of the As
sembly Committee on State Hospitals and
Asylums returned last evening from its
trip to Napa. where it went in company
with Secretary of the Lunacy Commission
Carlere, to inspect the proposed site of
the dam, for the construction of which
v bill Is now before the Assembly. The
desire of the asylum officials is to have
sufficient water to run an electric light
plant and to also have enough water for
the needs of the asylum. By damming
the river they can have a natural reser
voir holding 3.000.000 gallons, and they
claim the expense will not be great. The
bill asks for an appropriation.
Amending the Political Code.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— The Senate Committee
on Elections reported favorably upon Sen
ator Stratton's primary election law this
afternoon after having made a number
of amendments by inserting portions of
other laws made by other members of
the Senate. The bill has not been very
materially changed and Is considered a
very necessary and important addition to
the political code.
Bill 28, introduced by Senator Sims, was
also passed favorably upon. It is an act
amending certain sections of the political
code and relates to elections and provides
for declaring the results of the vote on
constitutional amendments.
Defining Investment Associations.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— Senator Taylor has
introduced a bill defining building
and loan associations so that
they shall include all Investment
companies or associations of any
kind or character conducted on a dan.
ANOTHER ROLLCALL,
STILL NO CHANGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento, Jan. CO.— The joint Senatorial
ballot was decidedly the thing of least interest in the Assembly cham
ber to-day. Just one was taken and when nothing startling happened
as a result of it, Cutter of Yuba got up and moved an adjournment.
His motion was at once carried.
Even the interest of the Senate end of the Legislature centered m
the developments \n the Wright case and tacked on to this was a Sen
ate caucus on the patronage proposition. The jobs that have been
made glad possibilities under the Cutter bill have not yet been doled
out and the members in the upper house are having some bit of a dis
cussion over their division.
The ballot resulted in absolutely no change in the status quo. Mat
ters were the same at its finish as they were a week and more ago, as
the following schedule of the vote demontrates:
BARNES X ?
ESTEE I
BULLA 13
BURNS 2 *
FELTON 1
GRANT 2.
SCOTT 2
DE VRIES '• 1
ROSENFELD 2
BARD 2
WHITE 27
any feature of which is similar to that of
a building and loan association. The
Building and Loan Commissioners are
given jurisdiction over all of these insti
tutions and are to decide whether or not
they are subject to examination and in
vestigation at their hands, the same as
straight building and loan societies are.
NEW AND UNIQUE
ELECTION LAW
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— Senator Smith of Kern
County has a brand new addition to the
election law. It is a bill which does away
with great registers at the time of elec
tion and which is claimed to make illegal ;
voting Impossible.
The Senate Committee on Elections took j
the matter up for consideration this af- ,
ternoon, and after much discussion the j
committee concluded to amend the meas- ,
ure in a number of ways and to Insert it j
in the Stratton primary election law,
which is now before the committee.
The bill Is an act making it necessary for i
the voter, when registering, to make and j
sign a duplicate affidavit of registration. <
one copy of which will be sent to the i
polling place of the precinct in which the
voter is registered and the other will be
retained by the County Clerk. The affi
davits are not more than ten inches by
four in size, and the copies sent to the I
polling place will be bound in book form.
After having been used the affidavits will
be returned to the office of the County i
Clerk, who will keep them with the dupli- ;
cate copies to be used in other elections. ,
Senator Smith claims that by making the
voter sign his name when voting, posi- !
tlve means of identification can be had ;
by comparing the signatures. Another [
clause in the bill gives authority to the i
Justice of the Peace *f)t the section of
country in which the voter resides to I
take registration affidavits. At the time
the clerk sends the duplicate affidavits to
the election officers, he will also send an i
index of the names in the book, giving :
the name, age and nativity of the voter.
The author claims that there will be con- ]
siderable expense saved In printing, and
that it will make registration less com
plicated and identification perfect.
SAN FRANCISCO'S BUILDING
BILL CONSIDERED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— A bill came before the
Senate Committee on Public Buildings
other than Prison Buildings this after
noon, which called for an appropriation
of $300,000 for the construction of a build
ing for the offices of the State officials
having headquarters in San Francisco.
The bill was favorably considered, but no
action was taken, owing to some proposed
amendments.
The State offices having headquarters
in San Francisco and who are now quar
tered in a number of places in various
portions of the city are: The Attorney
General's office, that of the Insurance
Commissioners, the Supreme Court and
the Supreme Court Commission, the Rail
road Commission, the Bureau of Labor
Statisticians, the Yosemite Valley Com
mission, the State Mineralogist, Fish
Commission, Bank Commission, Board of
Immigration. Horticultural Commission,
besides numerous other minor offices.
Those interested in the proposition claim
that this will be a much needed addition
to the State buildings and will fill a long
felt want in San Francisco.
The committee met again this evening
and reported favorably upon bill 2W>.
which is an act to provide for an appro
priation for the completion of the main
building of the California home for the
care and training of feeble-minded chil
dren, which is at present in an incomplete
condition.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
CLEANS UP ITS WORK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— The Senate Judiciary
Committee accomplished considerable
work at its meeting this evening and
SAVE ME.
For a few days of the Baldwin clothing stock, which I understand you
are selling this week at half-price, that is $20 00 men's suits at $10 00, and
' $5 00 boys' suits for $250. Items marked with an X men's suit, size 37, pants
to match, boys' suit, age 16. Also one white shirt, colored front, size 15 r
at 35 cente. This clipping is taken from The Call of Tuesday. -31-. I. will
come and pay for same very soon and will want other things from same
lot. :;_ -.;;■;•,• " ■ ,;;, : \
THESE ARE A FEW OF THE PRICES.
~~iOYS ; ~~ I BOYS' I MEN'S' MEN 7^ LITTLE BOY?"
2-piece suits, 1 3-piece suits, | dark suits, . overcoats ovprrnatc
3to 14 years. jllto 18 years. j 34 to 40. 35 to 44. sto 10 years.
RSjil OO 92 5O 93 50 iB5 OO Xi" -«6 "'•■'"
1 50 X 3 5O I » 4 OO 600 .>iv
2 OO 4 OO X 5 OO 7 50 2 7S
2 50 4 50 « OO S OO 3 'A
3 OO 5 OO 7 50 1000 3 75
350 These are with! 10 OO These arc ■■■'*^°:
I _ Long Pants. | , j Flng_Gooci's. ■ :.
; BIGGER j I ~ j '■ ~ I BOYS 1
Boys' . BOYS' f BOYS' MEN'S ' reefer
..overcoats, | knee pants. \ long pants, ' tOD c t ,
11 to 18 years, j 3 to 14 years. ; 11 to IS years. pants. 1 5 to 10 year's.
93 OO I 15 cents. 9 S5 ai.!is "~ kt" tT~ "■
3 50 25 cents. 1 OO 150 ''Oil
400 4O cents. /; 125 2?OO 5 «?J;
5 OO 5O cents. 1 5O 1» 50 3 00
4 50 75 cents. I 75 3 OO I 3 50
5 OO I
WE HEAR SAID:
This stock Is new. fresh, late style, and all
right: Where clothing house had goods
marked $5 00 we accept 12 50 for the same
thins.
Bent line of men's wool pants you ever saw;
$3 00 is outaide price for goods marked at $6 00
to J7 50.
Nobby Buits and specialties of every kind.
Come and see us. Furnishing goods, including
white shirts, from 33 cents up.
cleaned up several bills that have been
hanging fire for some time. Those report
ed favorably on were the following:
Bill 114. with some minor amendments,
-treats of the appointment of officers and
employes by the San Francisco Board of
, Health; bill 242 is an act authorizing a
; person required to gfve bonds or under-
I taking to agr.i with his sureties for the
! deposit or withdrawal of any or all
i moneys or assets for which such sureties
j are or may bo held responsible; bill 270 re
lates to erroneous tax assessments and
! sales; bill 303 relates to the disposition of
j moneys belonging to deceased inmates of
'■ public institutions, supported in fernole or
I in part by State aid and under the con
. trol of boards appointed by the Governor;
bill 287 is an act relating to guardians and
wards; bills 336 and 337 are acts adding
new sections to the P^nal Code, making
; it a mlsdeneanor for any person cutting
j telegraph or telephone or electric wires
when not authorized by those owning the
j same.
1 Bills 276 and 288 were reported unfavor-
I ably upon. Kill 276 was an act to establish
i a tax on collateral inheritances, bequests
j and devises, to provide for its collection
j and to direct disposition of proceeds. Bill
; 228 relates to divorce proceedings.
TO REGULATE SAN
FRANCISCO'S CHARTER
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 30.— Registrar
Bfggy arrived from San Francisco to
night and brought with him ■ draft of
the bill that is intended to rectify mis
takes in San Francisco charter, relative
to election registration, so that regular
municipal elections may be held and the
necessary legislation legally effected.
The bill lays out a decidedly economical
election plan and Registrar Biggy say 3
that if its provisions are adhered to mu
nicipal elections will not 'ost over $40,000
each, as against $100 ,0w and over as un
der the present law.
He expects the nripinal bill here to-mor
row and it will be introduced in Senate
and Assembly at the same time— in the
Assembly by c,,hb of San Francisco; in
the Senate by Senator Bulla.
Must Account for Moneys.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— Senator Dickinson de
sires that officials of the various asylums
and prisons in the Statp shall give an ac
count of every dollar they receive from
outside sources other than the State to
the State Controller .every thirty days,
and for that he presented" to the" Senate
a bill covering: the subject this morning.
By the terms of the bill all trustees and
commissioners of any State hospital, asy
lum, prison, school or any State institu
tion are instructed to turn all the money
they have received during each month
over to the State Controller at the close
of each month.
The Harbor Commissioners are excluded
from the general operation of the act,
and they are not required to turn over all
money they receive, but may retain a
sum not exc«-?riing $600*1, any part of which
they can use for necessary repairs
The boards of trustees of asylums, hos
pitals and prisons are authorized to give
a discharges inmate assistance when he
leaves the institution in the shape of
money or clothing, hut the board must
make an itemized statement thereof to the
State Controller and show where every
dollar went to.
Calif ori*a Municipal League.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 30.— Senator Taylor has
presented a bill providing for the
creation of the League of Cal
ifornia Municipalities. Under his
bill the . league is to be made up
of the several cities and towns incorpo
rated under the constitution of the State
The league may provide for the support
of its officers, which It may elect as it
sees tit. Whenever the league requires
information or data from any city offi
cial he is. by the law, instructed to Rive
it. The league is to submit biennial re
ports containing the information and data
it r»as collected to the Governor and the
Legislature.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromq Quinine Tablets. All
dmgsists refund the money if U falls to cur«.
lie. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.'
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S.F.TRIBUTE TO SENATOR BOGGS' MEMORY.
NOW ENROLLED IN
THE SILENT MAJORITY
Death of Senator Boggs Announced to His
Confreres.
After Appropriate Resolutions the Members Lis
; tened to the Eulogy and Tribute to a
Friend by Mr. Morehouse.
■CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 30.— "Senator Boggs is
./. not here to answer roll call. He died
■ *t the Palace Hotel in San Francisco at
.8:30 o'clock this morning."
As soon as the Senate convened this
. triorning and the first roll call had pro
gressed as far as the name of Senator
ga Senator Dickinson arose and
made the above statement. For a full
minute there was a hush in the Senate
chamber, for the announcement of the
; death came as a surprise and a sincere
Borrow to many of the Senators, col
uea who knew him only to love
h;m.
After the joint session and when the
Senate had reconvened. Senator Dick
introduced the following concur
rent resolution:
Whereas, In the dispensation of divine
providence, a sad duty has this day fallen
Id. arising- from the death of our
mcd colleague, Hon. John Boggs,
■it- it
Resolved, By the Senate, the Assembly
irrlng, that the president of the Sen-
I point three members of the Senate
the Speaker- of the Assembly ap
:hree members of C-<' Assembly to
act as a joint committee to draft suitable
■,tions in memory of our late hon
ored and esteemed colleague, Hon. John
Boggs.
In accordance with the resolution the
wing committee was appointed:
Dickinson, Sims and Davis.
The resolution and the action taken
by tho Senate was immediately trans
mitted to the Assembly. That body
adopted the resolution and to-morrow
JANUARY 13, 1899.
TWO DAYS OF A CROOKED MAN'S CAREER.
morning Speaker Anderson will an
nounce the committee he has appointed.
The resolution in the Senate and the
Assembly was adopted by a rising vote.
In the Senate the desk was ordered
to be appropriately draped on the day
of the funeral. A committee of Sena
tors wag also ordered appointed to at
tend the funeral as representatives of
that branch of the Legislature.
Senator Dickinson In offering the
concurrent resolution paid a high com
pliment to the deceased in a few brief
words. But Senatur Morehouse, who
was a close friend of the late Sen
; ator Boggs, on the floor made quite
an extensive speech. In speaking of
the character and life of the departed
legislator Senator Morehouse said:
I regret very much the untimely death
[ot Senator Boggs. I have known him for
• a period of thirty years, and was cx
i tremely pleased to learn that he desired
a seat by me on the floor of the Senate.
His life is one of the brightest pages of
California's history and his name is ;i
! household word for honesty, manliness
I and courage. To my personal knowledge
his acts of benevolence have made many
homes nappy that were otherwise dark
ened by poverty and misfortune. It was
: only a few days ago, knowing that he was
i nf the minority in the Senate, that his
I kindly nature prompted him to give a
situation to a young lady and pay her
■ compensation from his personal funds.
Hla business interests required him to co
home and he requested me to obtain a
leave of absence for three days, which I
did. At the end of that time 1 received
a letter from his daughter requesting a
further leave of absence. Then later I
was notified of his illness and I obtained
for him an indefinite leave of absence.
To-day the sad news comes to all of us
I of his death. He had climbed the summit
' of life and passed down the opposite side
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
to where the great shadows entomb him
In the everlasting unknown. He was one
or those grand, good and old-fashioned
Southern gentlemen whose honor was un
questionable and whosft manliness made
him respected by all who knew him. He
belonged to that generation whose energy
and character have bullded this mighty
empire of the West. His industry and
rorce of character made him the leading
man of the community in which he re
sided. In the commercial world his large
wealth made him a commanding figure,
and his never to be doubted honesty made
him such a bright example of that up
rightness of conduct in all business trans
actions that he was looked upon as one of
the leaders of commercial thought and
commercial integrity.
As a banker he was prudent. Just and
honorable. Yet he possessed those tender
sympathies that made his business tran
actions pleasurable to all who dealt with
him. To my own knowledge, he paid a
lady quite a large sum of money who
claimed an Interest in a piece of land the
title of which was vested in his bank.
He did not pay the money because there
was any defect in the title or because the
lady's claim was an equitable one, but
because he felt that it would be a delicate
way to retrieve her poverty. He never
took advantage at any time of any one.
He would rather lose than to have it said
that he was unfair in any business trans
action. He was the soul of honor and
a prince of men.
As a Senator he was careful, intelli
gent, industrious and honorable. He was
always to be found at his post and was
absolutely reliable. I regret very much
indeed that he has been removed from our
midst. For his experience and charac
ter were a brilliant example for all of us
to follow. He was not a fluent speaker,
but his words carried conviction for the
reason that his honesty of purpose was
manifested to aJI. His opinions command
ed respect and his judgment could be re
lied upon.
It will be a sad reflection to me to sit
by his empty chair with his desk draped
with the colors of. death. But while his
personal presence 'will not be seen nor
the soft, kind tones of his voice heard,
or the jrentle sparkle of his eye felt, I
shall not forget that the beauty of his
character, the uprightness of his pur
poses, the nobility of his motives, will
linger about me and guide and influence
me as though he were personally present.
For. as was said by one of America's
greatest poets, "Lives of great men all
remind us we can make our lives sub
lime and departing leave behind us foot
prints on the sands of time."
i TRIUMPH
FOR BURNS
Continued Prom First Page.
the judgment of the Assembly and
recognizing Wright as a man worthy of
confidence and respect is an insult to
the Speaker's intelligence, if not a re
flection on his integrity.
Wright was thrown overboard
because Colonel Burns could not endure
the weight of supporting him. No
doubt It might be very agreeable to the
colonel if Speaker Anderson would now
step forward and relieve Burns of the
burden. Mr. Anderson is not the man
to begin his career as Speaker by per
forming an act which would invite the
indignation and contempt of the peo
ple of California. If allowed to serve
on any committee the late Speaker
should be placed at the narrative end
of the Committee on Public Morals.
The disgraced ex-Speaker is in the
Burns camp to stay. Not another can
didate desires his support. The colonel
did expect at one time that the public
enrollment of Wright among the touts
would benefit the Candelaria cause, but
that beautiful vision vanished when
The Call presented Wright as he was,
not as he seemed. The sum and sub
stance of the colonel's progress since
he established headquarters in Sacra
mento and involved the assistance of
the "Organization." may be expressed
in two words— Wright and Jilson. The
latter has been trying to break away
from the colonel for the past week, but
no other candidate wants his support.
The expected gains from Butte and
Santa Cruz have not been registered.
The county central committees
throughout the State comprehend the
colonel's caucus scheme and little sup
port can be obtained from the old-fash
ioned tricks, which formerly caught un
wary members of the Legislature. Vol
unteer letters and messages are com
ing from every county In the State urg
ing the representatives of the people to
abandon the cause of Burns and to
proceed to the election of a Senator
acceptable to the masses of the Re
publican party.
The last lingering hope of the colonel
lies in the dark lantern caucus. The
quality of tenacity Is not denied him.
He is obstinate, persistent and to some
degree patient. He is a politician with
propensities for gambling and mine
jumping, and has no other occupation
to engage his attention, therefore he
fancies that he can wear out the other
aspirants and ultimately force them to
caucus. Tt Is not yet clear to his
mind that he is making a fight against
the people In general and the Republi
can party In particular. As in the Es
tee campaign he Is blind to the facts
and situations that are as clear as day
light to the observer who Is not dulled
by self-interest. The touts throw out
hints to-night that the balloting next
Wednesday will show the neonif» that
Burns can win. It Is the same old
bluff with a new date line. Every
known method short of downright pur
chase of votes for coin has been in
voked to increase the voting strength
of the Burns forces, but it does not In
crease.
William Pitt Washburne. youngest son
of the late Elihu B. Washburne. the
American minister at Paris during the
Franco-Prussian war, died In Texas a few
days ago. He was a Yale graduate and of
a literary bent.
JANUARY 30, 1899.
WRIGHT DROPPED OUT,
ANDERSON ELEVATED
Detail of the Proceedings Which Made
the Change.
Assembly Business Goes Smoothly On and the
Transformation of the Personnel of Of
ficials Take Place According to
Caucus Programme,
000000000000000000000000000000000000
CAIX HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30.— 0n Jan
q nary 13 Howard E. Wright, then Speaker of the Assembly, pub- -*
q licly announced that he would expel the legislative correspondents q
q of this paper from the floor of the Assembly. . ~
q On January 14 The Call challenged Wright to carry out his Q
O threat of expulsion.
O On January 15 The Call exposed Wright and published his o
O infamy to the world. _
O On January 16 the Assembly appointed a committee to inves- Q
© tigate the charges made by The Call.
O On January 27 the investigating committee found Wright Q
O guilty and recommended his deposition or expulsion. _
O • On January 30 Wright forestalled deposition by resigning
O the Speakership, and the findings of th© committee were accepted
° by the Assembly.
000000000000000000000000000000000000
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 30. — Howard E.
Wright has folowed the orders of his
master. The ultimatum that Burns is
sued to him last night that he should
either resign or sacrifice Burns' further
protection he has abided by, and at 11:45
this morning he tendered to his colleagues
his resignation as Speaker of the Assem-
bly.
His action caused no surprise among
his fellows. The Call of this morning
gave a clear account of his unpleasant
half hour at Burns' quarters last even
ing, when he was told that Burns had
enough with his own fight without shoul
dering troubles of others and predicted
that though he had not consented to fol
low his master's advice he would do so
after a whole night of hard thinking.
He did not come in person to the cham
ber this morning. Instead he was repre
sented by the letter of resignation which
Speaker pro tern. Anderson found on his
desk when he called the Assembly to or
der. The regular prayer of the chaplain
was allowed to proceed and the reading
of the journal of yesterday's business
was begun before the prearranged pro
gramme demonstrated its existence.
Clerk Kyle had scarce begun the usual
morning droning of the minutes when
Dibble arose to move that the
reading of the Journal be dis
pensed with. Then Mr. Anderson an
nounced a communication, and Wright's
message of self-effacement was taken up
and read. It was painfully evident that it
was a hurrried affair. Confession has not
been one of the deposed Speaker's weak
nsses, but there was a strong element of it
in his note of withdrawal. His reason for
resigning, he said, was not that he was
guilty of the things that have been alleged
against him; It was not that he wished
to rid his fellow-legislators from the dis
grace that would be theirs so long as he
persisted in the chair; on the contrary,
it was simply that he considered that the
committee had done him an injustice in
not basing their findings on the facts
adduced. To every one of the facts
brought out during the* investigation he
pleaded guilty. He acknowledged that he
had admitted it, but he claimed that all
the mass of evidence that proved his mul
titudinous crookedness did not warrant
the rather lenient findings that had been
laid before the House. He was quitting
his high estate solely because his ideas of
good taste and fairness had been outraged
and for no other reason.
His rambling screed, however, brought
out no comments; it simply ushered in
the second number on the programme.
Dibble again took the floor and said: "I
understand that this resignation will be
accepted, but I think we had better put
further consideration of it off until this
afternoon. Should we accept It now this
house would be without a Speaker and in
a disorganized condition. By this after
noun we can have caucused and selected
another Speaker; then the acceptance of
the resignation will be in order."
There was no voice of dis.«ent and it
was so ordered. The matter was dropped
for a time and the regular order of busi
ness was taken up, but interest was whol
ly given over to the paramount matter.
The word went out several days ago that
Speaker pro tern. Anderson would succeed
to the Speaker's chair should Wright be
ousted from it, and Anderson did succeed
to it, though with by no means so little
opposition as had been counted upon.
Two opponents, and strong ones, devel
oped in Assemblymen Belshaw of Contra
Costa County and Valentine of Los Ange
les.
Valentine was the first choice of the
Burns faction. Ever since the Los An
geles delegation insisted upon having the
chairmanship of the Ways and Means
Committee, which Is held by Valentine,
the Mexican forces have been filled with
envy. Before they came to Sacramento
Assemblyman Cohli. Chairman of the San
Francisco delegation, had been lined up
for that particular job, and disappoint
ment was general when he failed to get
it. Burns is still after it. and an oppor
tunity came to get it when Wright's en
forced resignation was decided upon. A3
they had planned it Valentine would be
urged to accept the Speakership. and no
trouble was anticipated :n prevailing upon
him to take it. His acceptance would of
course leave the coveted vacancy in the
Ways and Means Committee and Cobb
would fall heir to it.
The scheme worked all right up to the
point where Valentine was brought into
the consultation. Valentine was so
pleased at the proffer that he found diffi
culty in finding fit expression, and would
be delighted and all that, but he felt that
his duty forbade that he resign the chair
manship at a time when so many matters
of importance were before the committee,
and as a matter of conscience he must
decline the alleged greater honor and re
main where he was. He stood firmly to
his decision, despite all cajoleries and
threats, and the Burns people finally with
drew and sought out a new candidate.
They found one in Alden Anderson, and it
was Judge Dibble who placed him in
nomination before the caucus this after
noon.
The Grant people had some little politics
to do as well. There is not one in the San
Dlegan's camp who does not consider the
demise of Bulla's Senatorial hopes an im
mediate possibility, and they are all work
ing hard on those of Bulla"s thirteen votes
that they do not feel sure of. Southern
influence they consider strong enough to
swing his southern strength, and their
hardest work is being done on those ad
herents the southern Senatorial impossi
bility has gathered up here in the north
Belshaw is their bright, particular hope,
and Belshaw, it is said, was won over as
a second choice possibility.
At any rate the Contra Costan was
given the nomination In a nice
speech by young Mr. Works of San Diego
and was also given the assurance that the
Grant people were strong enough to carry
him through almost anything. So they
would have been but for a quick and
characteristic bit of Burns politics that
was sprung at just the right moment.
The first ballot gave Belshaw 2S votes
and Anderson 26. Atherton of Marln
County, who had thrown his vote to the
Contra Costan, asked permission to
change his vote from Belshaw to Ander
Reward of $20,000 Offered.
A wealthy lady recently lost a satchel con
taining jewels worth $150,000, and now offers a
reward of $20,000 cash to the finder. The loss
of health is far more serious than the loss of
Jewels, and yet It can be recovered without
paying big rewards. A little money invested
In Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will restore
strength to the weak, purify the blood, estab
lish regularity of the bowels and help the
stomach to properly digest the food taken
into It.
son. The result was a tie of 27 to 27 and
a ballot was ordered.
The Burns influence was centered on
Merritt of Los Angeles, who had also
voted for Belshaw, and when his name
was called on the second ballot he came
over to Anderson on the jump, giving the
Solano man the election by a majority
of two votes. Belshaw then moved that
Anderson.'s. elction .be made unanimous.
and it was so ordered.
Upon the Speaker pro tern. both sides
agreed and after the formality of nom
ination Assemblyman Dunlap of San Joa
quin was tossed the office by unanimous
vote. Caucus was adjourned to go up
stairs and ratify both nominations In open
session.
Ex-Speaker Wright's resignation was
the first order of business and it was
quickly disposed of. A resolution by
Dibble called for the acceptance of, his
resignation forthwith, and It was at one®
adopted. Wright became simply the mem
ber from Alameda, and will be of greatest
utility hereafter as an object of interest
to the curious visitor to the floor of the
Assembly.
Mr. Anderson was then announced as
the choice of the Republican majority for
Speaker and the Democrats placed Mead©
or Los Angeles in the list as their nomi
nee. The nominating speech was made by
Sanford of Mendocino. The voting gave
the minority candidate simply the
minority vote, and Anderson was declared
elected. Against Dunlap the Assembly
placed Assemblyman Glenn of Glenn
County and the same vote resulted. Dun
lap was declared elected and followed
Anderson to the chair, both of them prop
erly attended by committees of three.
Judge Hughes of this city administered
the necessary oath of office, and then Mr.
Anderson and Mr. Dunlap Indulged in the
customary speeches.
Mr. Anderson said he was proud and
would always try to do right. Mr. Dun
lap said he was proud, too, but he turned
Anderson's speech around a bit. He an
nounced in sternest tones "As long as you
do what's right you will have no trouble
with me," and with the roar of laughter
that went up the incident of interest gavo
way to the third call that has been made
for Milton J. Green.
Federal Official 111.
Deputy Surveyor of the Port Chauncey
St. John was removed from his hotel yes
terday to the Waldeck Sanitarium in the
ambulance of that institution. He was
prostrated three weeks ago with rheu
matic fever, and after remaining a week
in his room was imprudent enough to go
to the Surveyor's office to finish some Im
portant business in his department. The
exertion aggravated the disease, and Mr.
St. John was prostrated. He is rallying
from the effects of his imprudence and his
physicians expect that with the careful
nursing that he will receive he will bs
able to be about in two or three weeks.
Giving Away Transfers.
The constitutionality of the ordinance
prohibiting passengers on street cars
from giving away their transfers Is to ba
tested in the courts. Charles Hickey and
Ralph Glfford, who were arrested Sunday
for violating the ordinance,, appeared be
fore Judge Graham yesterday, and their
attorneys asked for a continuance for two
weeks as they intended to test the consti
tutionality of the ordinance. The con
tluuance was granted. Last week Judge
Mogan dismissed a similar case.
j,OOK
JjXjyjJLL
!r
Por one moment at yourself. Are you
in "good trim You are • not in that
state that perfect men are. You fear
and tremble all the time. If not actu-
ally shaking, you. are ever afraid that
you are not full of vitality.
AT __.
""*" ! ; ; ■ ■' - ; ■
Once on discovering this sad state of
existence you should realize what it
will mean for 'you in the future. You
will grow more like a weakling than
you are now. You will further drain
your system If you continue to neglect
health.
YOUR- .___
1 V/Uil
Splendid feeling of full strength may
be restored to you. Quite an army of
men who were hopeless are now full of
vim "and fire. It is certain that you
may again know what being brimful of
life means, but delays are danger-
ous.
QT7T T? __i
QHLr ™»— ■
It is yourself you must consider. Do
not hesitate. Write and ask for free
circulars and . testimonials telling you
what "Hudyan" does for puny men. It
cures them always. Rapidly, surely,
permanently. Be a man once more.
But "Hudyan," and . "Hudyan" only,
does this grand work.
""""" JIIIIIMIII ,
If you have a suspicion that you have
blood taint in any form ask for abso-
lutely free medical advice and free "30-
-day blood cure" circulars. All forms of
the disease flee. No after effects.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
The Desire of an Aspiring
Laundress
Is to emulate the work done at our
laundry. No matter how well domestic
laundering is done, it will never com-
pare with the perfect methods that give
the linen done up here such an exquisite
finish and beautiful color, that renders
it irreproachable and just like new.
Bring your laundry work to us and we
will guarantee satisfaction. "No saw-
edges."
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Teiephona
South 420
Use , T**^ Use
Woodbury's f»'*^3 Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Facial Cream.
Blood disease*, skin diseases, scalp diseases
and nervous • affections, no matter troin what
cause or how long standing.' successfully
treated without the use of polsonouß drugs by
JOHN H. WOQDISUKY. 26 \V. 23d St., New
York, and 163 State St.. Chicago. '
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
; . \ Talepbona South U.
r>*a!er and Importer of all brands of OOU. .
Tards at HOWARD AM? BEAU 3 HT».
V
34
WHY WALKER
REFORMED AND
SMITH LEFT HOME
Explained by a Brace
of New Farces.
ANNIE YEAMAN'S RARE ART
HACKNEYED CHARACTERS, BTJT
GOOD FUN IN "SMITH."
"Peaceful Valley" Played at the
Alcazar and "La Perichole"
Sung by the Tivoli
Company.
"Why Smith Left Home" Is a new
farce written around an old theme by
George H. Broadhurst. The theme is
the invasion r>f a newly married man's
home by his wife's relation*. The prin
cipal invader in this instance is not the
mothT-in-law, but the bride's aunt.
As they eey in the play, however, "She
may be an aunt by nature, but she's
a mother-in-law by instinct. And the
*ood busy woman neglects none of the
offices of that ancient character. Be
sides sitting upon Mr. Smith and mold
ing the character of his wife, she has
a email but skittish husband of her
own — a Frenchman this time — to sub
due. The Smith household is further
stormed by Mrs. Smith's young cousin
and his eloping bride. And the Smiths
have great trouble also with their ser
vants. The cook is an Irish woman and
the influential head of several labor
unions; and the maid is an insinuating
young party, translated from the
French, who helps along the complica
tions by wearing one of her mistress'
gowns and being kissed by mistake by
the heau of jhe house. By the time the
kissing episode has been satisfactorily
explained Mr. Smith is ready to leave
the house in the hands of the servants,
the relations or anybody else, and
move himself and bride down town to
the Waldorff- Astoria. The Smiths de
part as the curtain falls on the last
act; and he title of the piece is justified.
I almost forgot to mention that there
is a comic spinster and a German dia
lectrician amoug the well-known char
acters.
The astute reader has already dis
covered the plot, which can hardly be
improved by Mr. Broadhurst or by my
self at this time of day. Mr. Broad
hurst has fixed it up quite Americanly
and written several good parts for as
many good players. The show is not
as distinctive and clever as that pro-
vided by the came author in "What
Happened to Jones " and it is unduly
slow up to the close of the first act,
but it is brightly dialogued in many
places, full of situations that have al
ways produced laughter and competent
ly played by a goojd company. .? • ■ . - *
Gallantry and good sense, conspire to
a rst mentto:i 61 dear old Mrs. Annie
Y'an-.anb, who »viays tne soverigu r.f
th^ kitchen with' undirnmished nrt aha
humor. Mrs. Ya&merit) was th« star
last night at tlie California without a
sliuggle. . That is a! ways the beauty cf :
Mrs. Yeamans' Irishness— she never
struggles. Her art is easy, affable and
sure. Her brogue is so natural you
can imagine talking with it in her
sleep; her facial play is the beat of
comic eloquence, and her gestures are
diagrams in fun; and pervading al! is
that ever-buoyant magnetism of hers, '
something that makes her lovable and
companionable to the farthest row.
That woman can make friends among ;
an audience quicker than 1 I can ever j
hope to make enemies on the stage. j
Her performance alone will make it !
worth your while to find out "Why j
Smith Left Home."
And I do not mean this to disparage
the others in the cast, who are for the
greater part a well ordered company.
Our good friend. Maclyn Arbuckle, has
the part of Smith, which, while it re
quires none of that actor's serious ex
cellencies, affords him plenty of breezl
ness and bustle; and C. Jay Williams is
very happy in the intricacies of Ger
man-American dialect and syntax.
Miss Dorptby Uener, who was here
several seasons ago with Nat Good
win, has developed an arch Anna Held
like style that adapts itself takingly
to the part of the maid. Miss Rose
Bnyder is very formidable as the visit
ing aunt; Miss Rose Stuart, although
frequently a bit ioo steamful in the
part of Mrs. Smith, presents a stun
ning picture in her masquerade cos
tume of the last act, and the French
man, by Fred W. Peters, is fairly fun
ny if not authentic.
As a usual thing the inebriated gen
tleman of the stage, with the staggers
and the wobbling speech and the dis
arranged attire,' is quite as deadly and
uncomical as his prototype in actual
life, but at the Orphrum this week there
. is a jag specialist who is really funny,
who simply convulses you with laughter
for something like forty minutes. Hig
• name is the well-known one of Milton
Nobles, and together with Dolly Nobles
he appears in a little farcelet of his
own authorship called "Why Walkor
Reformed." A bare statement of the
plot would suggest August Thomas" re
cent vaudeville piece. "That Overcoat,"
fur in both pieces the principal char
acter conies home from the club in an
other fellow's outer garment, which is
loaded with bottles and incriminating
correspondence for the wife to find.
However, beyond this similarity of inci
dent the pieces are as different as pos
sible. "Why Walker Reformed" is
easily the best sawed-off farce that has
been played in the Orpheum. Nearly
every line in it is an occasion for
laughter; and the humor is character
istically American, quick, deft and ap
parently effortless, and not without its
measure of philosophy and wisdom. In
the acting Mr. Nobles rfallzes with do
ligrbtful emphasis all the clever stuff
that he has written into his own part;
his drunkard is realistic and at the
same time sufficiently idealized to ex
clude vulgarity; it is indeed a fine bit
of comic character. The part of the
wife, too, is well taken. Not the least
refreshing feature of the performance
is in the fact that Mrs. Nobles is not
what is called in the bright lexicon of
vaudeville, "excess baggage."
Among the other newcomers are De
renda and Breen, who gracefully Juggle
with the Indian clubs; Willy Ozeola, an
equilibrist, and a comely young woman
by the name of Giacinta della Rocco,
who plays almost the whole of "Trova
tore" on the violin. Miss della Rocco is
very pretty and gets quite a pretty
tone from her instrument, and perhaps
It is the business of herself and her
managers that she chooses to disport
her talent in the most banal of the
Verdi tunes—but to one who has more
than a sneaking regard for vaudeville
It does seem weird that all vaudeville
violinists run either to "Cavalleria
Rusticana" or "II Trovntore." There
are other chestnuts that would B.erve
juet as well.
"Clnrindy," the cake-walk opera, is
Ftlll enthusiastically given and taken,
and the several other held-over actff,
most notably the xylophone players,
LAWMAKERS DISCUSS THE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE'S REPORT.
continue In popularity. In fact all in
! all the bill is one of ihe Orpheums rec
ord best. ASHTON STEVENS.
Columbia.
A. large and fashionable audience at
tended the performance of "The Idols
Eye," given in the Columbia *ast night.
i by Frank Daniels and his clever cnm
' pany. The Daniels season has been a big
success from every pr.int of view, and t>us. ,
' the closing week, promises to be not the ;
: least valuable of thf> three. On Monday
! the Warde-James-Ktdder company opens
' a season In "The School for Scandal." ,
j "Othello" and Macbeth" will also be I
given during the first week.
Alcazar.
The charming comedy, "Peaceful Val
lpy." made famous by-Sol Smith RumO,
in his creation of Hbsea Howe, the honest, !
! moral and manly country lad. was pre- '■
I sented at the Alcazar last night to a j
crowded house. The part nf Hosea Howe
was played by Ernest Hastings, and in it
he gave" another evidence of his versa- i
tility. None of the quaint humor was
j lost, and those who had the pleasure of ;
seeing Sol Smith Russell could not help ;
being impressed.' Adelaide Fitzallen. as !
the heiress, was excellent, and the other !
characters were well sustained.
Tivoli.
"La Perichole." the tuneful attraction
j at the Tivoli this week, was presented j
with an up-to-date snap and vim, tho title
I role being assumed by Annie Meyers and
I Plquillo by Bernice Holmes. Miss Meyers j
! was a trifle flippant in some of the scones, I
j but she atoned for this lapse by her
! touching rendition of the letter song in
I the first act and the prison song in the
1 third Miss Holmes was most graceful
| In tights, and played the part of La Peri
-1 chole's lover with earnestness and feeling.
i Pruette sang and acted the Viceroy with
! that breezy bonhommie which seems to
!be a part of himself. Edwin Stevens, as
the Marquis de Santarem. was as funny
: as a jumpingjack. and West and Bran-
Bon kept the fun rolling.
Olympia.
The Olympia had a packed house last
i night. The hits of the show seem to be
! Violet Dale, the acrobatic buck and wing
I dancer; the De Bolien brothers, world
I famous acrobats, and Kelly and Violette,
! the singers of coon songs. The latter go
i direct to New York from the Olympia at
' the end of their engagement this week.
' Chutes.
Murphy and Raymond, an Irish team,
startled the large audience at the Chutes
Free Theater last evening by springing a
number of brand new jokes. They maxle
a big hit, as did also Vouletti and Carlos,
the graceful gymnasts, who were recent
ly at the Orpheum. and Elmer Lissenden,
a barytone, who IB not at all tiring in
descriptive song*. WestOD and Herbert
continued their amusing musical act and
I Piaxika. the "lady of lions," worked with
! four animals in the cage. The ossified man
told hfs many visitors how hard and hap
py he was. The amateur Amazon march
will be repeated Thursday night.
Interest in Carreno.
' The coming of Teresa Carreno, the
great pianist, is exciting wide interest
! and the sale of seats opened with a large
j demand at the San Francisco Music Com
pany's. 225 Sutter street, yesterday. Her
Western tour is a series of ovations and
she will be heard here next Monday and
Wednesday evenings and Saturday after
noon. February 6, 8 and 11, at the Met
ropolitan Temple.
Mme. Frled's Concert To-Night.
Agnes Fried, soprano, whose quality and
! purity of tone are highly spoken of, will
! give her first concert in this city at the
i Sherman & Clay Hall. She will be as
-1 sisted by Hilda Newman, pianist, and
| Giulio Minettl. violinist, and will sing the
I aria from "Samson and Delilah," "The
! Aye Maria" and numbers by Carl Bohm
; and Gerald Lane. Another concert will be
i given at the same hall Saturday after
; noon. ____________
NEVILLS SUES BALLARD.
Alleges That His Partner Caused
Him a Loss of $167,000.
Complaint was filed in the Superior
Court yesterday morning by Captain \V.
A. Xevills against John Ballard. his min
ing partner. In the complaint he alleges
that his profits have been reduced about
$167,000 by reason of a collusion between
John Ballard and William H. Martin, his
two partners in the Guild Mining Compa
ny. In the story he relates he says that
Ballard Induced his mistrust in Martin
and then suggested a pooling scheme by
which he and Ballard pooled 64,167 shares
of stock. While this was in force two
other mining companies were formed by
the two parties that they might protect
their interests in the Guild Mining Com
pany against any perfidy on the part of
Martin, which Mallard had caused Nevills
to believe might be attempted.
Nevills now avers that Ballard com
bined and confederated with Martin to
deprive him of any voice in the affairs of
the Guild mining Company, and that they
have expelled him by force of arms from
the property. During the term of the
pooling arrangement Nevills claims he
could have sold the 33,334 shares of stock
which he had pooled at a profit of $5 per
share, and he prays to recover $i 67,000
damages for his loss.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTTESDAY, JANUAKY 81, JW».
HEALTH BOARD FOLLOWS
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT
RETRENCHMENT PROVES ; THE
ORDER OF THE HOUR.
Recommendations of Secretary Dunne
Curtailing Expenses Will Be -
Acted Upon at the Next
;-. . Meeting. ..' ; •__,;.
, Xow that the wave of retrenchment has
swept through the School Department the
employes of the Health Department are
awaiting with much -.anxiety the forth
coming meeting of the men charged with
preserving the public health. At the last
meeting of the Board Secretary J. J.
Dunne' read an extended report showing
that unless economy were" practiced- the
I work of. the department would be .ham
pered and. a large deficit would develop. .-
He also showed a way out of the diffi
culty. This consisted in abolishing a 1< i
of positions, the work of which could be
done by other employes. He also recom
mended cutting in half the appropriations
allowed officers of the department for
expenses. By this action he showed
■whereby over $700 a month could be saved
without impairing the usefulness of the
department.
The recommendations were referred to
the Finance Committee, of which Dr.
\\illiamson is chairman. The committee
was to pass upon the expediency of the
I proposed changes and report at the next
meeting. Unless a special meeting be
called this will not be until the middle of
February, when the department will be
shaken up.
CORONER WAS NOT NOTIFIED.
Sudden Death of F. W. Hanneberg
Arouses Suspicions of Neighbors.
The neighbors of F. W. Hanneberg, who
died suddenly at his home early last
Tuesday morning, are of the opinion that
death may have been caused by some
thing other than heart failure, which is
the cause given in the certificate signed
by Dr. J. A. Miller. The fact that Harve
berg was seen around the house appar
ently in good health on Monday evening
and that the doctor was not called until
after his death, which occurred at 1
o clock on the following morning, created
a suspicion that all was not as it should
be, and this feeling was strengthened by
the apparent indifference of the bereaved
widow. Yesterday Mrs. Peterson of Gls
*\ ermont street called at the Coroner's
Office and asked that the case be investi
gated. Coroner Hill was surprised to
learn that no report of the man's death
had been made to him. as is required in
ull cases where a death occurs suddenly
with no physician in attendance. He de
clared that Dr. Miller had no right to is
sue a death certificate under the circum
stances but should have notified him at
once. The Coroner will Investigate the
matter to-day.
Dr. Miller 'said last night that he had
been Hanneberg's family physician for
years and that recently he " had been
treating him for bronchitis and heart
trouble. Hanneberg was at the doctor's
ornce on Sunday afternoon, two days be
fore his death, and complained at that
time of trouble with his heart. The phy
sician considered that In view of his fa
miliarity with the case and the fact that
he had attended the man within thirty
six hours of his death, he was not bound
to report the case to the Coroner.
CHOYNSKI AND McCOY.
The Palace Club May Have the
Pugilists Fight in This City.
Joe Choynski, the popular Californian
heavy weight pugilist, arrived from Gal
veston. Texas, yesterday with his wife
and will remain in this city for sometime.
Choynski is looking well and says he is
still able to put up a good fight against
any or tin- first class heavy weights ■ He
has no plans for the future, but it is whis
pered about in fistic circles that the Pal
ace Athletic Club will make strenuous
endeavors to bring about a twenty-round
meeting in Woodward's pavilion in the
latter part of February or in the early
part of March between Choynski and
"Kid" McCoy, whose arrival in jhis city
is hourly expected. The local fraternity
is very anxious to see the man who was
whipped by Sharkey in fighting action
and good judges «f boxing contend that
Choynski. if he still retains any of his old
time speed and hitting power, should
compel the clever fistic artist to show the
lovers of the game what he is capable of
doing when pitted against hard game.
Choynski was very much disgusted with
the result of his proposed fight with Jim
Hall. The Texas managers, he said, look
upon bull fighting as clean sport, but pu
gilism they contend to be the most bar
barous of all pastimes. Joe would not be
surprised if Dan Stuart inveigled Sharkey
and Fitzsimmons into a finish contest and
the battle of the giants to be decided in
("arson City some time this coming sum
mer. Eddie Graney will manage the af
fairs of Choynski during his stay in this
city.
Norddeutscher "Verein.
At. a regular meeting- of tlie Nord
deutseher Verein hold on Tuesday even
ing. January 24, the following 1 officers
were installed for the ensuing year: Fer
dinand Rathjens, president and director;
Henry Meyer, vice president; Christian
J. Schroeder, recording secretary; Wil
helm Mueller, financial secretary; Otto
Schinkel, treasurer; August F. Meyer,
Kenning Thode and Hermann Barthold,
finance committee and directors; George
Stelling, sergeant at arms.
OLYMPIC BOXING NIGHT.
Athletes Are in Good Condition for
the Trials Which Will Be Held
To-Morrow Evening.
The first of a series of boxing contests
arranged by I>«ad«r Hammersmith will
tak>- place on Wednesday evening in the
gymnasium of the Olympic Club and will
consist of six-round bouts for the feather
weight (125 pound ) championship.
The names of the boxers who have en
tered have already appeared in The Call
and as the lads have been examined by
the club's physician and pronounced,
sound In body .and limb the members
need not fear for accidents which some
times occur in dubs whose officers are
frSreleM regarding thf> condition of men
they permit to fight under trying, ordeals.
In March the light and welter %veight box
era will be afforded an opportunity of
winning handsome prizes and in April the
middle-welghta will be called upon to give
an account of uiemselves. The finals of
all classes will be held on .the evening of
May 21.
The winner of each class will be pre
sented with the Herman Oelrichs belt,
valued at Jioo, and also a gold medal,
valued at $35. presented by the club.
Mt-mbers will bear in mind that compli
mentary tickets will not be Issued for
any boxing entertainment and members
owing $D duee will not be permitted to see
the fisticuffs.
At the next entertainment of the San
Francisco Athletic Club two heavy
weights, viz.. Miner Mcllvain and J. Jef
fords, will meet in a six-round bout. The
captain of police, who is generally on
hand to see that the sport does not reach
the brutal stage, stated that unless the
big fellows ar.e in first-class shape and
can show a doctor's certificate as to their
physical standing the contest will not
take place. Therefore it behooves the
club to take timely warning and see that
the big fellows will be in a presentable
condition on the evening they are called
upon to stand heavy punishment.
The Palace Club, which has Erne and
Hawkins in charge, is very confident of
capturing a permit at the next meeting of
the Health and Police Committee of the
Supervisors. However, the light-weights
are not waiting on the order of training,
but left yesterday for their respective
training stations, as they expect to be
called upon to give accounts of themselves
some evening in February.
A DEVOTIONAL SERVICE.
Rev. Father Dempsey Preaches an
Eloquent Sermon at St. Fran
cis Cnurch.
Incident to the forty hours' devotion
now in progress at St. Francis Church
Father Dempsey of St. Mary's Cathedral
last night preached an eloquent and im
pressive sermon.
His subject was from the words of Je
sus Christ: "My delights are with the
children of men." He then asked the
question. "Are our delights with God?"
He spoke of how the heathen in their
idolatry desire a God they can seek, and
make one of wood, stone, iron or brass.
They worship it and love it. They do not,
however, realize how near the God of the
universe is to them; that he is round
about them all the time.
The Jews. God's chosen people, also
worshiped a distant god. whom the
prophets told them would be one day re
vealed to them in person. They failed to
recognize in the lowly babe of Bethlehem
this God whom their prophets foretold. It
was three years before even the chosen
apostles fully realized that this was the
Christ.
"This God." he said, "which appeared
in different forms in the olden days comes
to us in the form of the bread and wine.
He is here all the time; in every chapel
and every cathedral— the little light that
ever burns before the sanctuary tells us
as plainly as did the star to the Magi
that Christ is here."
The reverend Father then exhorted his
hearers to be frequent and devoted in
their attendance when the blessed sacra
ment was administered, telling them that
the oftener they partook of Tt the more
would the real presence grow into their
lives and make them Godlike and holy.
Birthday of Paine.
The birthday of Thomas Paine, the
great reformer, was appronriately cele
brated in Scottish Hall last night with
speeches, songs, recitations ana musical
selections by the followers of the author
hero of the American revolution.
Among those who participated in the pro
grammo were W. I. McKay. Mrs. S. J.
Tully, Mr. and Mrs. Llllie. Professor and
Mme. Young. Miss "Wilbur. Miss Gorton,
Miss Lillian Rhodes. Miss M. Apsden, T-
R. Simpson. Mrs. F. R. Whitney, W.
Ryder, Mrs. Love and Dr. J. L. York. The
evening concluded with a social dance, at
which George A. Barber and Professor
W. J. O'Brien acted as floor managers.
In the Divorce Hourts.
Nellie F. Tremble has been granted a
divorce from Claude T. Tremble on the
grounds of extreme cruelty and willful
neglect. Augusta Davis was granted a di
vorce from Lesser Davis yesterday on the
ground of willful neglect. Magdalena Fo
ley has been granted a divorce from
James J. Foley on tlr> ground of deser
tion. Suits for divorce on the ground of
desertion have been filed by Katie Stoltz
against Joseph Stoltz. Eliza H. Toomey
j against William Tl. Toomey and Ida Mo
j lowuby against Phillip Mozowpby.
AN INDEPENDENT
TICKET IN THE FIELD
THE UNPLEDGED REPUBLICANS
HOLD THEIR CONVENTION.
Their Platform Comprises an Open
Policy of Improvement Limit
ed by a Wise Economy.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Jan. 30.— The Inde
pendent Republicans held their conven
tion to-night at Germania Hall and placed
the third municipal ticket in the field,
headed by John 1,. Davie for Mayor. Mr.
Davie was placed in nomination by C. W.
Wilkins. lie- was the unanimous choice of
the convention.
There were 155 delegates present. C.
W. Wilkins was chosen Chairman. Wy
cliffe Matthews Secretary. The platform
embodies the following:
Favors a reasonable expenditure of public
money for public improvements, but Insists
that these shall be of a permanent 'character;
it urges the passage of 'a good primary law;
opposes any reduction of the present ilcjupr li
censes; favors the maintenance of the reputa
tion for efficiency of the public schools! un
demns and deplores the "star chamber" pro
ceedings of the other conventions: the prej-'iit
water rates are condemned . as being .xorbi
tani. unjust a,nd burdensome to the individual
rate payer, and Insists upon a reduetlonto the.
lowest reasonable rate, and that in the future
these rates shall be so appropriated that those
paid by the city for municipal purposes shall
exceed the rates by the individual c inau-UK",
to the end that of the gross sum necessary to
be raised annually for such purpose, the Kreater
burden shall fall upon the city, and a corre
sponding reduction result to the individual r;ite
payer: and also to the end that the unim
proved property which is now chiefly held oy
speculators may be thus compelled to b ■ir its
just proportion of water rate burden.
The following ticket was nominated:
Mayor— John 1.. Davie.
City Attorney— Fred V. Woed.
Engineer— 'R. M. Clement.
. Auditor— To be filled by committee.
Treasurer— E. Sanlpaugh.
' Councilmen at large— P. ' J. Keller. Fred C.
Campbell, Stuart W. Booth, Robert Graham.
Ward Councilmen— M. C. Noonan, I'Mrst
Ward; J. M. Bonha, Second Ward: T. \V. Al
den, Third Ward; S. W. Getchell. Four h
Ward; Ivouis Schafer, Sixth Ward; J. WaltyT
Scott, Seventh Ward.- • •
School Directors — Dr. Myra Knnx, Pr. W. i\
B. Wakefleld, at large;. Charles H."'Redlngton,
First Ward: E. B. Clement. Second Ward; A.
V. Toohey. Third Ward; Giles H. Gray,
Fourth Ward.
Library ■ Trustees — Murray L>aldlaw, B. H.
Pendleton. Charles Jackson, Daniel J. Mullen,
P. H. Hiller.
D. C. Hinsdale was riamed for Auditor,
but it was decided to leave this vacant,
and all such omissions are to be filled by
the new Central Committee, which is as
follows: First Ward, W. J. Hayes; Sec
ond Ward, Frank W. Little: Third Ward,
W. Dusler: Fourth Ward. Wycliffe Mat
thews; Fifth Ward. W. B. Soule; Sixth
Ward, w. P. Courtney; Seventh Ward, C.
W. Wilkins; Annexed Districts. J. T.
Armstrong.
MISSIONARIES HONORED.
Reception for Dr. and Mrs. S. F.
Johnson of Africa.
The Occidental Board of Foreign Mis
sions will hold a reception this- afternoon
at its headquarters, S2O Sacramento street,
in honor of Dr. and Mrs. S. F. Johnson of
Batango mission. Africa.
Dr. and Mrs. Johnson will leave for the
south this evening, and this will be the
only opportunity the friends and admirers
of the mission and its good work will have
to meet the distinguished couple. No
invitations have been issued for the af
fair. All interested in the work will be
welcome.
Among the distinguished guests who
will be present this afternoon will be Dr.
W. S. Bannerman of the North Congo
missien; Dr. Peoples, from v Lan station,
Laos. Slam, and Dr. B; C. Atterbury. from
Peking, China.
Brown's Critical Condition.
Acting under instructions from Chlel
Lees Policeman R. J. McGrayan visited
the residence of H. \V. Brown, 1116 Leav
enworth street, yesterday morning to as
certain his condition. McGrayan was in
formed that Brown was still in a critical
condition, and so reported to Judge Gra
ham, to whose court the case of J. M.
Soldanehl, known as "Fingers " among
the sporting fraternity, has been as
signed.
The Judge increased Soldanohl's bonds
to $1000 and Instructed him to report at
the court daily till Brown's condition was
detinitely ascertained. It is believed that
Soldaneh! hit Brown on the head with a
"blackjack."
Yesterday afternoon Otto Heyneman,
stenographer for the Police Department,
went to Brown's residence and took his
ante-mortem statement so as to be pre
pared in the event of his death.
Rights of a Labor Union.
Judge Daintferfield and a jury are at
present hearing the case of Fred ITess Jr.
against the Typographical I'nion of San
Francisco, in which the plaintiff seeks to
recover $25,000 by reason that he was
forced out of employment by the union as
he was not a union man. He asks that in
addition to the judgment he be given an
injunction to restrain the union from in
terfering with him in the future.
Smothered in His Bed.
John Russel, 40 years of age. was found
dead in his bed in a back room at 236
Fourteenth street last night, with a pillow
stuffed in his mouth. Rusael was em
ployed at odd times by F. A. Rice, who
runs a carpet -renovating establishment,
and was allowed by Rice to sleep in the
building. The deceased had been troubled
with asthma for three years, and it is
believed that while suffering with* an at
tack of that malady he rolled over and
smothered himself with the pillow. The
man had been dead about two days when
the body was found. The last time he
was seen alive was last Friday, and at
that time he was drinking heaviiy,
SAN 'FRANCISCO
A PORT OF CALL
Vessels of the California Oriental
Steamship Line to Touch
Here.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 30.— Presid-nt But
ler of the California Oriental Steam
ship Line says that it will be necessary
either to put on an auxuiliary line of
steamers between this port and San
Francisco or else to make a call at the
Golden Gate with the present line. The
cargo of the Belgian King contained
nearly 2000 tons of goods from San
Francisco, on which, if a call had been
made there, $2000 in freight could have
been saved, and there are waiting ship
ment from San Franciscc- on this line
now 4000 barrels of flour, which cannot
well be taken, as the flour freight eats
up the profit. The Belgian King, when
she sails for Yokohama and Hongkong
on Wednesday next, will leave over 200
tons of freight behind for the next
steamer.
COIN FOR THE PAY
OF CUBAN SOLDIERS
~~ree Million Dollars to Be Dis-
bursed to the Island
Army.
HAVANA. Jan. 30.— President Mc-
Kinley is understood to have empow
ered Robert P. Porter to arrange for the
disbursement of $3,000,000 among the
Cuban soldiers. Mr. Porter probably
will go with Senor Gonzales de Que
sada to Remedios to meet General
Maximo Gomez to persuade the Cuban
commander-in-ehlef to disband his
forces and to lend his influence to the
United States military administration.
Mr. Porter and Senor Quesada are con
ferring to-night with the Governor
General.
Cuban Sergeant Murdered.
HAVANA, Jan. 30.— Advices from
Trinidad say that last Friday a private
of the Fourth Tennessee Regiment,
while in liquor, asked a Cuban sergeant
for his machete and when the weapon
was surrendered, put the muzzle of his
rifle aeainst the Cuban's body and
killed him instantly.
Historian Fruin Dead.
AMSTERDAM, Jan. 30.— Dr. Fruin,
the Dutch historian, died yesterday at
Leyden.
Death of Sculptor Bates.
LONDuN. Jan. 30.— Harry Bates, the
sculptor and an associate of the Royal
Academy, is dead.
... ' ' j ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' , ■.- . i, ..
,BBBEBBBBBBBafIfIfIBfIBB BB B R B B H BBBBBB D
I SIGK OF DRUGS.
■• ■ ■" ■•; • V '-• — -_■■; a
B •-.'.■' ■■* ;^? j i~J- _'■ -* -■■'>"•■- ■'■-■ ■ ■ i B
ra : - _ , - T-^-fK^l^. y The first . thing a man does *
rd.v»(J^hwc/ttl Ha when he 'begins to feel the ■
a ' W&L - 0 vOC»VrUIIw«MB breaking down : of his vital ■
* &H*lflßo A Qn^ri^lSi^F flm power is to onsult a doctor and ■
y - ..-ff';' l WpvvlQUwl gj . take his medicine. He believes ■
9' a^^winf'* '^ 'lll"liV HygjUnaH that t0 " be the Proper course. a
n '<®»^J'' > 'J— '-Bv Sn^r, But, when he has "tried them Z
" ■>'■-' ■'>,aß^fflfifeS£/l--n'i WIV all," he concludes that he has H
<^Sa«^^^^^^ias. Ki^ 'is • been on the wrong track. They B
° I^ljy^^^^^^^S HI ' have rul ?? d^ n ! 8 stomach, and B
s .awh-Wl Try Electricity. 2
B These men are now testifying to the fact that my Dr. Sanden Electric ■
■ Belt cured them. It gives life to the weakened system and aids nature "
■ to restore the normal strengrth. , . . . .. ... H
pj ; . Read my book, "Three Classes of Men." It is sent sealed free. Call ■
and see it, or write. v -.. ,  , . > m
■ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin - *— — —-^—-r—* Z
■ 708Ktrket6treeVO«n ie rKetniy,Bwrr»iiol«,. _ NOT IN DRU6 STOBES. ■
H Ofdce hours. Ba.m.to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 " , .......,..„._—.   . m
. to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. 001., 232 .Weat .., Dr. Sanden'e Electric B«lt : ™
■ Second street; Portland; • Or., 253 Washington Is never cold In drus stores ' B
_ street; Denver. Colo., 931 ... Sixteenth street; ' nor by traveling aeenta* only _
■ Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street; • Butte. Mont.. at our ofnoe •« e nu. f ■ oniy "-B
bb 110 North Main street. '" ' ; .* — ; . - --_ ...' ''^ _
8888 ■ B ■ B B 8888888818 B B B BB
A VICTIM OF
HIS OWN TOO
ARDENT LOVE
J. L. Duprey Tells of
His Undoing.
ENGAGED TO MRS. ALLISON
•
WAS INTRODUCED TO THE WO
MAI. BY I. W. BAIN.
He Met Her Through a Mar
riage Bureau, but Found
Her Full of
Guile.
J. L. Duprey, a gray-haired, low-voiced,,
mild-mannered blacksmith from Winters,
went on the witness stand in the United
States District Court yesterday and told
a jury how he was played for a "good
thing" by Mrs. Grace Allison through the
agency of Bain's matrimonial bureau,
which has heretofore been known as the
Pacific Information Agency and Introduc
tion Bureau. Bain, whose right name is
Isaac W. Bain, posed as the proprietor
of the bureau under the name of H. C.
Curtis, and transacted all correspondence
for the same as Secretary J. W. Bain.
Mrs. Allison, according to the nilrneroue
alleged victims, was Bain's sole stock in
trade. In other words, wnenever in an
swer to his rather seductive advertise
ment, an unsophisticated farmer With
more money than sense applied to the
matrimonial bureau for a wife. Bain
would introduce him to Mrs. Allison and
she would do the rest.
By means of the alleged scheme worked
by the pair Mrs. Allison is said to have
become engaged to numerous men hail
ing from all parts of the country, bleed-
Ing them for presents of diamonds, pianos
and other valuables, until their money
ran out or their patience became exhaust'
ed and then getting rid of them the best
way possible. She usually managed tq
break off relations with the victims before
the date set for the wedding ceremony,
but sometimes she found considerable dif
ficulty in doing -so. The two are believed
to have reaped a rich harvest by their
work.
Among those who claim to have been
deceived by the woman was J. L. Duprey
of Winters. Duprey came across an& of
Bain's circulars last spring and wrote tc
the matrimonial agent inquiring if he had
any good-looking willlng-to-be-wive3 on
tap. Bain, or Curtis, replied that he had
and invited the blacksmith to visit the
bureau and inspect his stock. The result
was Duprey came to San Francisco and
was introduced to Mrs. Allison. A pro
posal was made and accepted on the spot
and the process of bleeding the "sucker
was also commenced without allowing his
ardor a chance to get cool. After being
worked for about. $12u. Duprey became
suspicious and early last October de
manded his presents back. Mrs. Allison
refused and Duprey had the couple ar
rested. Later they were indicted for us
ing the United States mails to defraud
and placed under $1500 bonds each.
The case came up for trial yesterday
before Judge de Haven and the forenoon
was consumed in getting a jury. Duprey
took the stand at the opening of the af
ternoon session and proceeded to tell th*
story of his courtship and financial un
doing. In response to the questions of
Assistant United State? District Attor
ney E. J. Banning he said that at his first
manner with Mr?. Attison she told hnr.
she was worth $35.'X». in addition to an es
tate in Illinois which she claimed was
worth $60,000. He then informed her that
he was not a rich man and that she ha<l
too much money for him. She told hirr
that he did not need money so long as sh«
had plenty for both. Then she said she
must have an engagement ring, but she
did not want any common thing, as she
went a great deal in society and musi
have something she would not b«
ashamed of. The ring was purchased fot
SMO. This was in May of last year, and
between that time and the 15th of Octo
ber, when the pair were arrested, the llsi
of presents included a diamond pin at JltjO
a piano at $475. a piano cover at $50. and
various other articles of lesser value.
Duprey was still on the stand when court
adjourned at 4 p. m. The trial will go or.
at 11 o'clock this morning.
BOOKED FOR BURGLARY.
Several Charges Placed Against the
Gang Arrested by Ryan and O'Dea.
The four desperate burglars who were
arrested on Sunday by Detectives Ryar
and ODea were each booked on several
charges of felony last night. Green, whi
is said to be the ringleader of the gang
had several additional charges placed
against him.
The police are convinced that they arc
the men who are responsible for the nu
merous thefts committed south of Market
street. In addition to their numerous
crimes which have already been published,
the desperate quartet about a week ago
broke into the residence of Mrs. Raymond
at 447 McAllister street and stole a' trqnfc
containing about $50 worth of apparel.
The day preceding the burglary Green
who wore a cap similar to the one used
by the agents of transfer companies, vis
ited the house, and after claiming he wa«
an agent for Wells. Fargo & Co.. said he
had been sent to get a trunk which be
longed to one of the lodgers. After exam
ining it he promised to call again on the
following day. and as the proprietor ol
the house was ignorant of his character
he allowed him to take the trunk. Pat
Davis was outside, and as Green showed
up with* the trunk he assisted him in get
ting away with it.
Yesterday Ryan and CVDea discovered
the trunk and its contents in a second
hand Btore on Folsom street, where they
had sold it for a few dollars.
O'Donnell Stops the Contest.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell's attorney appeared
before Judge Hunt yesterday and asked
that his client's contest against Dr. Hill
for the office of Coroner be dismissed. The
recount failed to establish Dr. O'Donnell's
contention that he had been "jobbed," so
it was decided to abandon the recount.POLICY FOR
PHILIPPINES
CONSIDERED
President and Cabinet Will
Soon Decide the Course
to Be Taken.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Dewey reported to Secretary Long to-day mat quiet pre
vails in the Philippines. The admiral's message was contained in a
dispatch sent relative to supplies required by his squadron.
Being confident that the treaty of peace will be ratified on next
Monday, the President and his Cabinet intend to decide this week
whether the pacificatory policy now enforced in the Philippines shall
be continued or whether a forcible policy shall be put into effect. The
outrages reported in the Herald this mc-rning have aroused a great deal
of Indignation In army and navy circles. Yet from present indications
the authorities are so satisfied with the results of General Otis' fre
quent communications with the insurgents that one official with whom I
talked d<*s not think the strong policy which the administration con
templated a month ago will be put in effect. An important question
which the President and his Cabinet will have to settle will be whether
General Miller shall be kept cooling his heels outside of lloilo or shall be
instructed to occupy the ctty.
■■-.INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Bill Introduced to Aid the Exposition
to Be Given by the Me
chanics' Institute.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— Senator Per
kins, accompanied by Congressman Ma
guire and Congressman-elect Kahn, have
had a conference with Supervising Archi
tect Taylor regarding changes in the con
struction and design of the public build
ing at San Francisco. Mr. Taylor told
them there ■would be no changes and that
he would stake his reputation that the
building would be one of the finest in the
■country, both as to architectural design
. find substantial construction. Contracts
for stone for this building will be award
■■: ■■eel' within a week.
Senator Perkins called on the President
■.K'-day to introduce General La Grange, I
:i>r<"it>able nominee for Governor of the Sol- j
s' Horn*' at Santa Monica.
■ Scnat.' Committee on Appropria
haa agreed to increase the appro- !
priation for investigation of the problem
of arid lands from *20.i»0 (amount provid
ed in the bill as it passed the House) to .
• '.'■ v Representative Loud to-d"y introduced
v a bill prepared by the BiecbSiics' Institute
'of San Francisco providing for the hold
. ing of a colonial exposition in San Fran
-cfsco and appropriating $50,000,' to be ex
: • pended by the directors of said institute.
Air. Load a}so presented to the House pe
.• titions of the Chamber of Commerce, Me
. '-chanies' Institute. Manufacturers' and
■'Producers' Association and Merchants'
■ Association of San Francisco in favor
of holding the exposition and the estab
•;• llfhmont of a commercial museum.
; . Loud also presented the petition of the
""■• •". citizens of Santa Clara County favoring
• :v ' the passage of the Ellis bill prohibiting
...the sale of liquors in military canteens.
•. •■• Representative De Vries to-day intro
:'.;'••• -dueed a bill pensioning George Schmidt
;, -of Stockton at the rate of $25 a month.
•.•:';• The Pension Office to-day notified .Hep
t . .^.'..resentative Barlow that pensions Jiad
"..'-. een jrrum> <! Jame.s.M. Owen, of Ventura
■:-.-'-. : ,-ind 'James 'B. Johnson o/ Los Angeles.
-;•• ■•••KJich i wJll.r*;c«jvo $65<j back paj-, . • ■■
.;?'- ! , -'Pensions -have been granted as follows:
■•:-.----:.Cralifornia: Original — John -Sweeney. Han
•■■'•••; .ford. $8; Volney V. Ashford. Oakland. $12.
I"- 1 •.-.•.Restoration- and reissue^Frank B. Hunt,
5; San Bernardino. $12. Incrt'ase-^William S.
/'..•'l -Nevlns,- Lompoc, $S to $12. Original wid
' " om, »'tc.— Ellen A. Hunt, San Bernar
■ '.•'. dino, $S/
■'.■•:'■■." Oregon: Original — Marion .T. Gilstrap.
-• ,'•■• Franklin. S*i. Additional— Peter Chance,
.■Brownsville, $»i to $12.
■ V -Washington: Original— Samuel Howard,
. • : -.Kaston. $>>: Andrew H. Slinkarf, Rosalia,
•s*!. Original widows, etc. — Cordelia A.
•••.".." Yo-ung, Seattle, $S.
SUGAR QUESTION IN
THE PRUSSIAN DIET
The Beet Product in California and
Cuban Export Worries German
Manufacturers.
". BERLIN, Jan. 30.— During the discus
sion of the sugar question in the lower
House of the Prussian Diet' to-day Baror^
Erffa, referring to the opinion of the Sec
. retary of the Imperial Treasury, Baron
. yon Thielmann, that there is no danger
to the German sugar Industry from
i America in the near future, saiu the man
ufacturers of Saxocy took a quite dif
ferent vi'iw from those who pooh-poohed
• the danger and underrated the colossal
financial resources and enterprise of "the
..'American sugar trust," which in Callfor
,-nla was making great* progress in sugar
• production. The only thing to help Ger
■ man manufacturers. In the opinion of the
speaker, w:is to lighten the excise duty
■ on sugar and thus promote home con-
: ' sumption.
■ Bar.on yon Hammerstein-Loxen. the
•'•Minister of Agriculture, in reply, said he
." fully agreed with the statement that
" serious danger existed from America.
-.Moreover, be remarked, the export of su
, gar frnm Cuba would greatly increase
..during the next few years, now that ener
•■ getic and intelligent American capitalists
■had taken th» matter in. hand. The dan
■ -.'ger' arising from the production of beet
•>ugar in America, he further said, was
:continually. Increasing and It was true
";that the export of German sugar to
■. America ' was 2.400.000 double hundred
-weight below the exports of Great Brit
"am.. Nevertheless, It constituted a con
i'"^i«lerable portion of the production, and
the only remedy. was an Increase of the
>ioxne cbnsumptioa. It had already been
>. found that the use of sugar in the army
■'•increased the marching capabilities of the
soldier. It was also excellent In fatten
' -Ing pigs. ,
♦
WALTERS ARRAIGNED
IN SUPERIOR COURT
Alleged Murderer Pleads "Not Guil
'.: ty" and Will Ask for a Change
\ ' • of Venue.
I'A. Jan. no.-.Tess.; Walters was ar
raigned in ihe Superior Court this after
noon and pleaded not guilty to the c harge
.of. the murder of Al Cook. The dofend
• -.mtV attorney. C. J. Boerstecher, then
■ stated to the court that he intended to ap
ply for ;i change of venue in behalf of
his client, and wished to have ample time
for milking tho application a strong one.
Id- said he waa desirous of securirtg man-
iUnbavits for that purpose.
The ease wat sei for Wednesday. March I
1. 1j) the meantime Mr. Kr>rrstech*-r will
.re his affidavits and make his appli
cation. If granted the case will be trans- !
ff-rred to another county; if denied, tne
trial wilJ commence on the date men- !
\ rioned.
MISSING MAN FOUND. .
• Wandered From Home While Crazed
by the Grip.
PACIFIC OKOyU, Jan. 30.— F. W. Elli*.
• who disappeared on Friday last, has been
; found, and was to-day taken to San JOM
' for treatment for mentHl trouble. Word
bed here last night that a man an
• swt-ring Ellis' description had registered
• at a hotel at Kirig City as Frank Wilson.
David Moore, a young friend of the Ellis
family, rode the seventy-five miles be
tween here and Kings city on a vrheei
to Identify the man. who proved to be
Elli«. Moore notified Ellis' brother here
,;of-; them at Castroville, and from
■'•' t&ere they wont to San Jose.
Kills started for Arizona, he naU . to try
■ Her hi? health and fortune. When
found his condition both mentally find
physically vas pitiable, being the result
of his recent long and severe attack of
errip, augmented by financial trouble.
He gave no reason for having written the
letter to C. K. Tuttle stating his intention
to drown himself.
WELLS MEETS HIS
WIFE AT OMAHA
\ But the Deserted Young Spouse Re
fused to Become Reconciled to
Her Aged Husband.
OMAHA. Neb., Jan. 30.-Th.omas J.
Wells of Chicago, who recently left San
| Francisco very suddenly, and his young
i wife. Bertha M. Wells, met at the Union
depot in this city this morning, and after
a brief interview proceeded to Chicago,
though not in company with each other.
The young wife started East from San
Francisco some days after her aged hus
j band, who had stopped in this city. In
some way Mr. "Wells ascertained that his
wife was coming through here and tele
graphed her he would meet her. The
woman became alarmed and telegraphed
the police to be on hand, as she feared vi
olence at his hands. When the Union Pa
cilic train arrived. Mr. Wells was on hand
and so was a police officer, but the aged
banker was not in a homicidal mood. On
the contrary, he was inclineu to make up
his differences with his young wife, but
she would have none of it. With a toss of
her head she bade him go away and leave
her alone. Mr. Wells compfied for the
I time being, but purchased a ticket to Chi
cago and followed his wife to that city.
CHICAGO, Jan. 30.— Thomas G. Wells
; and his wife reached Chicago from Oma
:ha to-day on different trains. The hus
i band took up his quarters in some undes-
Ignated place and requested his lawyer
to toll no one where he was stopping.
Mrs. Wells wont to the home of her moth
er. In spite of the continuance in Chica
go of the separation begun almost tragi
cally in San Francisco, friends of the
couple say they expect to see a reconcilia
tion effected in a few days.
Mrs. Wells said to-night (hat the law
yers had "fixed up something!' and it is
lik.-iy matters will be settled amicably.
TALK OF LYNCHING
FRESNO FIREBUGS
•
Markarian Brothers Closely Guarded
Agr.inst the Wrath of
Citizens.
FRESNO, Jan. 30.-N. S. Markarian and
his brother, Charles Markarian. who were
arrested on Sunday morning for having
set fire to their place of business about
a week ago. were arraigned in Justice
Johnson's court this afternoon. Their bail
was fixed at $5000. Since one of the broth
ers confessed the plot to fire the building"
the feeling against them in this commun
ity has become very strong and there is
fear that an attempt will be made to
lynch them. They are kept in close con
finement and visitors are not allowed to
see them.
WISCONSIN'S SENATORIAL
DEADLOCK IS BROKEN
National Committeeman Payne Ar
ranges a Settlement in the In
terest of Party Harmony.
MADISON, Wis.,Jan. 30.— The Senatorial
| deadlock was broken to-night. Joseph V.
j Quarles of Milwaukee was nominated in
' the Republican caucus to succeed John
L. Mitchell, whose term expires on March
4. This result was brought about through
the efforts of Henry C. Payne, member of
I the Republican National Committee, in
i the interest of party harmony.
FEE SYSTEM OVERWORKED.
Santa Clara Justices and Constables
Have a Bonanza.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 30.— The Justices of
the Peace and Constables in Santa Clara
County have been sending in some pretty
stuT bills of late for fees. These have
been enviously eyed by the Board of Su
pervisors, and have been the subject of
many a discussion before being allowed.
This is especially true of the claims of the
officers in San Jose Township, who have
been making every cent vie law allows.
This morning Supervisor Ayer presented
a resolution asking the legislative delega
tion from this county to uso its best ef
forts to cause the enactment of a law
providing that compensation for Consta
bles ard Justices In this county in crim
inal cases be by a fixed salary instead of
fee*. The matter was discussed at length
and was laid over to February 6. Most of
the Supervisors favor the passage of the
resolution.
SOLDIERS WELCOMED.
Marysville's Reception to Returning
Volunteers of the Eighth.
MARYS VI LLB, Jan. 30.— Welcomed by
the booming of cannon, the strains of
martial music, the cheera of relatives and
friends and the warm greeting of srhool
children, the Marysvllle volunteers ar
rived home from Angel Island at noon to
day after exactly seven months of ser
vice. It was a grand ovation extended
thorn at the depot, where over 2000 people
had assembled. There was a parade over
the principal streets, which were gay with
bunting. The Grand Army and kindred
organizations acted as escorts to the re
turning 1 soldiers. At th« armory the citi
zens entertained the boys at a banquet,
during which speeches were made by
Mayor O. L. Brooks. Major E. A. Forbes
Captain G. H. Yost*. Lieutenant Smith.'
Allen Oooley of the Grand Army and oth
ers. The hall waa thronpred with ladies
and children.
Asvlura Employe in Trouble.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 30.— A warrant was
sworn out In Justice Rodden'n court to
day for the arrest of W. F. Ofdf.-nkamp
on a charge of embezzlement. He was
formerly agent for the Singer Sewing Ma
chine Company in this city, and, it Ih al
leged, absconded with $150 of the <-<> m 
pany'H funds. It Is supposed that Ofden-
Kfirrip is now employed at the Napa Asy
lum for the Insane.
Was Over 105 Years Old.
NEWTON. Kan:«., Jan. £o.— Mrs. Mc-
Knlth Yaußhr<-r, aged ME . y«*;irK . and 3
months, died to-day nt \\ Elton of the >,'r:p
and old Hge. She had qotfkv from An
drews, IncJ.. : ♦ ) visit * her son. '..The re
mains wll! bo shipped there for burial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
EQUINE STARS
IN THE STALLS
First Horsa Show at Los
Angeles.
WEDNESDAY OPENING DAY
NOTED HIGH-STEPPERS WILL
BE EXHIBITED.
A Feature of the Week to Be a Polo
Match Between the Burlin
g-ame and Riverside
Teams.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.— The first
horse show that has ever been held
in Southern California will be formal
ly opened at Fiesta Park on Wednes
day evening, and there will be a con
tinuous display of horse flesh on Feb
ruary 1, 2, 3 and 4, concluding on Sat
urday, when the $5000 offered in prizes
will be awarded. The arrangements for
the show are complete. Two large
tents cover the arena, the private
boxes and the seats for the main show,
while another tent covers box stalls
and the ordinary stalls for horses.
Though the fashionable world of north
and south might stand night air, the
pampered beauties of crack stables
would be totally unable to go through
! the ordeal. Not a crevice is allowed
in any of the stalls where the lordly
animals are housed. The influenza and
grip apparently have taken a fancy to
horses, and colds ard sneezing are just
as prevalent among the high steppers
as among those who have to toil for
their dally bread.
Staid citizens of Los Angeles who
were taking a quiet Sunday afternoon
walk were surprised at an impromptu
parade of thirty-six glorious animals
j from the depot to Fiesta Park. The
j horses are all in charge of Walter Ho
bart. Most of them belong to him, a
few belong to "Jack" Parrott, who has
many entries, a few to Tnomas Kelly
of San Francisco, and a few to Mrs.
•Lester, the sister of Mr. Hobart, who
was well known in San Francisco so
ciety as Miss Alice Hobart and who a
few years ago married Mr. Lester of
Santa Monica.
Mr. Hobart's horses which are en
tered are Damrosch and Seidl, Hunt
ress, Spot, Lightfoot, Prejudice, Pride,
Dip and Sparkle.
• Among Mr. Parrott's horses are Pa
queta, Papita, Greens Rufus, Sovereign,
Alibaba and Frills.
Barrett Fithian. S. P. Stow and Wiley
Thompson of Santa Barbara will have
their strings on hand to-morrow.
Mr. Hobart has brought with him five
polo ponies, which are said to be
"dreams" by those well skilled in polo
science. There will be sixteen polo
ponies in the Burlingame polo team,
which will be composed of Joseph S.
Tobin, Richard M. Tobin, Charles Dun
phy and Walter S. Hobart. The River
i side team is composed of Robert Lee
Bettner, C. E. Maud, G. L. W r aring and
Mr. Mackie. The Riverside team is
said to have improved wonderfully and
the Burlingame team has not been al
lowing the grass to grow under its
aristocratic feet.
The horses that probably attract
most attention are Park four-in
hand, owned by Walter S. Hobart. The
leaders are two beautiful mahogany
! bay horses that have won prizes at the
New York Horse Show and at other
places where they have been entered.
i The wheelers are sixteen hands and one
half inch high. Although not quite up
' to the extraordinary standard of the
leaders, they beat anything in the way
; of wheelers that has been seen in this
i country. When Mr. Hobart takes hold
;of the lines on Saturday night and
i drives the four horses around the ring
to compete for the cup that has been
i presented by Collis P. Huntington, the
lovers of horserlesh will see a sight that
the southern metropolis has never be-
fore enjoyed.
Mr. Hobart will have some hard com
petition next Saturday night far the
' Huntington cup. The Bay Wood Stud,
which is owned by John Parrott, has
I entered a crack-a-jack four-in-hand
I composed of June Day, December
i Night, Lancer and Senorlta. Although
'■ these are California horses, they are
' said to be game animals. They will be
', pitted not only against Hobart's crack
I four-in-hand, but against a four-in
• hand owned by Len V. Harkness, the
Standard Oil millionaire of Pasadena,
! who is said to have some horses that
| will cause Hobart to turn green with
i envy, and also against a four-in-hand
1 owned by Mrs. Lester.
Mrs. Lester's team consists of four
: light bays— all beauties and sixteen
i hands high. Czar and Sultan are the
leader are Emperor and King are the
wheelers. Czar and Sultan have espe
cially high action, while the wheelers
are serviceable, with good action and
plenty of pace.
STENOGRAPHERS TO
FORM A SOCIETY
Movement to Organize a Coast
Branch of the National
Association.
j SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.— A State Association
j of stenographers, to become a subordln
; ate organization of the National Stenog
i raphers' Association, is being organized
■by L. E. Bontz of this city. Shorthand
' reporters all over the State have been
corresponded with, and the movement is
meeting much encouragement. So nu
merous have been the responses, in fact,
that the organization is assured.
! The National Stenographers' Association
divided the country into seven districts
for the purpose of organization. L. E.
' Bontz wa« made vice chairman of the
Pacific Coast district, which embraces
California. Nevada. Oregon. Washington,
' Idaho and Utah. Each atate is to be
represented by a committee of five, to be
named by the vice chairman. The Cali
fornia State committee is composed of the
! following: L. E. Bontz. 46 Dougherty
I building. San Jose, chairman: Warren E.
Doan. Sacramento: W. G. Chamberlain,
211 Montgomery street. San Francisco;
Lawrence Girvin. Santa Barbara; How
; ard M. Payne, San Luis Obispo. Alter
nates: Mrs. M. V. Collins. San Jose: Con
rad Bontz. San Francisco: C. E. Main
hart. Grass Valley; J. G. Weir, San Jose;
J. N. Bel veal, San Francisco.
The committee appointed by the Na
tional Association to formulate a plan of
organization has submitted a lengthy re
port and it will come up before the organ
ization at the convention that probably
: will be held in Los Angeles in August.
Paymaster General Stanton Retires.
j . ,WA SHINGTON. ; Jan. ■ 30.— GeneralThad
| deufi H. Stanton. paymaster general of the
j army, was retired'at noon to-day In con
i f ormlty with : the ' age requirements of the
! service. The occasion was taken advan
•■ tngc of by the officers of the Paymaster's
: Department in Washington vto preaent
their retiring chief .a\Bllver,loving cup as
a mark of their personal regard and ap
. preciatlon of his public services." The cere
j mony occurred In . General , Stanton's of
fice. Tho room was filled with old army
; friends : und ' associates." while the door
way« were crowded with clerks and other
subordinates. » : . ;:
Lurline Salt Water Saths.
Bt:>h •:: -:l I.:iiU;-i st*. Swlmmlnc Kusslan. hot
and cohl tvib baths. Saltwater direct fromocean.
SENATOR CARTER
WOULD COMPEL THE
NATIVES TO OBEY
Prefers SeQding the Whole Ameri
can flrmy to the Philippines
to Receding One Inch.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Mason of Illinois introduced the following
resolutions in the Senate to-day:
Whereas, A large number of the sailors and soldiers of the United
States are in the Philippine Islands or on their way there; and whereas,
there are different newspaper reports as to the condition of the health
of the soldiers and sailors; and whereas, it is reported by the press that a
large percentage of the sick are made so by reason of the climate of
said islands; and whereas, it is stated upon good medical authority that
during the late year as high as 50 per cent of the soldiers unaccustomed
to that climate have died by reason of the said climate: therefore be it
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be directed to furnish for the in
formation of the Senate a statement as to the percentage of our soldiers
who are sick and have been sick, and the number of deaths in our army
by reason of the sickness caused by the climate in said islands, and to
set forth when, according to tlte generally accepted terms, the sickly
season begins in the said Islands.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— An effort on
the part of Allison to obtain consideration
in the Senate to-day of the Indian appro
priation bill precipitated a running debate
which occupied all the time until the Sen
ate, at 2 o'clock, went into executive ses
sion on the peace treaty.
Jones of Arkansas, leading the opposi
tion to the treaty, opened the debate by
insisting that time should be taken for
the discussion, of pending resolutions hav
ing a collateral bearing upon the treaty
before the treaty itself was disposed of,
and Bacon's resolutions finally were laid
before the Senate.
After some parliamentary sparring the
resolutions were made the text of a strong
speech by Carter of Montana. Ordinarily
calm and deliberate in his utterances.
Carter to-day spoke with impassioned
earnestness, warning his colleagues that
a favorable vote on any of the pending
resolutions would be a vote of lack of con
fidence in the American people. He de
clared that the adoption of the resolutions
would be a pledge to those who were de
fying the authority of this country in the
Philippines and that when the treaty had
been ratified this Government would in
quire in those islands who were in rebel
lion against our authority and If neces
sary to maintain our authority we would
whip them to death.
Carter said that Senators were belittling
the dignity and destroying the confidence
reposed in this country by foreign nations
by endeavoring to mortgage the future
policy of the Government and voting a
lack of confidence in the nation by even
attempting to adopt such resolutions as
were pending. He declared that the pass
age of such acts was a declaration that
the people had no confidence in those who
were to be in a position to make a dis
position of Ue islands in accordance with
the terms of the treaty. It amounted to v
pledge to ourselves that we did not pro
pose to do what we did not want to do.
It would have been just and proper, he said
for the first Congress to attempt to bind
Congress for a hundred years as for this
Congress to attempt to bind the action in
a matter of this kind of any future Con
gress. ,  ,_
"The adoption of these resolutions, he
declared, "would be a pledge to those who
are defying the authority of the United
States Government in the Philippines. As
a nation we cannot afford to have it un
derstood that the United States army was
expelled from these islands. Some of the
Philippine insurrection seems to have
been imported by way of the Hongkong
Philippine junta into this country. 1
would not vote for such a petty, trifling
promise even If it were to take the entire
army of the United States to snow the
aggregation of Malays, Mahomedans and
Filipinos that we would not budge one
inch." . .
Carter thought this country needed a
change In its foreign policy, and thought
our trade would not amount to much
abroad until it was once thoroughly un
derstood that an American citizen would
be protected in all his rights in any part
of the world. He thought it a shame on
the United States Government that many
of its citizens, seeking protection, passed
by the American consulates and entered
those of Great Britain or France.
ARGUMENT IN HOUSE
ON THE ARMY BILL
Several Amendments Adopted and
the Final Vote Will Be Taken
This Afternoon.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— The House
put in a hard day's work on the army
bill, and to-night when it. adjourned,
thirteen of the twenty pages had been
completed. The committee amend
ments, giving the President discretion
ary power to reduce the size of the in
fantry companies and cavalry troops
to sixty men each, were adopted, and
also a series of amendments to reduce
the officers of the staff to 331. A sub
stitute was adopted for the section pro
viding for promotions designed to
equalize promotions. A fight was made
to reduce the age limit for officers to
be appointed to the various staff de
partments from 50 to 30, but it failed.
An amendment was, however, adopted
to require mental and moral as
well as a physical examination for such
appointees. Much of the time to-day
was occupied in thort speeches on the
general proposition to increase' the
army and annex the Philippines, and
there were several lively personal con
troversies.
The House will meet to-morrow and
whatever time remains before 3 o'clock,
after the bill is completed under the
five-minute rule, will be devoted to
general debate. The heavy weights on
both sides will close. The final vote is
to be taken at 3 o'clock.
COLORADO'S S T ORM
A RECORD-BREAKER
Heavy Fall of Snow Continues and
the Mercury Is Near
Zero.
DENVER. Colo., Jan. 30.— The snow
storm has continued all day over the
greater part of Colorado and is said by
old settlers to be a record-breaker.
Nearly all the mountain railroads are
blockaded and in most cases the com
panies have given up the hope of open
ing them until after the storm subsides.
Snowslides are reported at many places,
but the only loss of life so far known
was at Apex, where the family of Wil
liam Rudolph was burled under tons of
ice and snow. The temperature has
been falling all day. At 9 o'clock to
night it was near zerp in Denver, with
a prospect of going considerably below
before morning.
At Como, In the South Park, it has
been snowing continuously for five days
and eighteen inches has fallen in the
last twenty-four hours. A rotary plow
with three engines left here this after
noon with a gang of carpenters to re
move a snowslide and repair a burned
bridge near Mount Princeton and thus
release a freight train which has been
imprisoned since Friday.
It is said that a stage line will be
started from Grant, a station on the
Colorado and Southern, sixty miles
from Denver, to Leadville, in case the
railroad is not opened soon.
A Rio Grande passenger train had a
narrow escape from destruction about
a mile from Red Cliff to-day. Engineer
Russ saw a slide coming down the
mountain side and reversed his engine
in time to save the train, though the
engine was derailed, the tender demol
ished and the fireman slightly hurt.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate corre
spondence on file in the State Department
bearing upon the peace treaty and it was
read in to-day's executive session.
In submitting the papers the President
sent a brief message saying that he
transmitted them in accordance with the
Resolution. The reading consumed the
entire executive session, lasting from 2
to 5:30, except a few minutes at the close.
The principal interest among the Sena
tors attached to the President's instruc
tions is to insist upon the cession of the
island of Luzon and after that in the de
cision to take the entire group of islands.
This latter development appears from the
correspondence to be a growth, and the
suggestion was made by the Commis
sioners to the President as. the result of
occurrences at Paris, after the arrival
there of the Commissioners. In his dis
patch concerning Luzon he said there was
but one alternative: The United States
must either take the island and assume
sovereignty or return it to Spain, and of
the two courses he preferred the former.
Spain was from tne first unwilling to
cede any of the Philippines, and she made
special objection to letting gd of Luzon
alone. The Commissioners, with the ex
ception of Senator Gray, urged that to
take Luzon and leave the other islands
of the archipelago in the hands of the
Spaniards would be to invite innumerable
complications with other nations, and es
pecially with Europe and Spain.
Much stress was laid upon the probabil
ity of future trouble with Spain. With
Luzon under American administration
there would be a vast improvement, they
wrote, and \ the other islanders would
soon grow more and more rebellious, and
with Spain's oppressive methods of gov
ernment, we would soon again find that
wp had another Cuba at another door.
Furthermore, there would be constant fil
ibustering and we should find ourselves
spending millions to preserve a state of
neutrality, just as we did in the case of
Cuba prior to our declaration of war on
account of that island.
General Merritt's testimony on this
point was cited, and was made the reason
for much of the argument in favor of
taking the entire group. The President
does not appear to have at any
time given explicit instructions to con
summate the bargain by taking all the
Philippines, but rather, after hearing a
full explanation, to have left the matter
to the discretion of the Commissioners.
The entire controversy was practically
over the Philippines and the question of
assuming responsibility for the payment
of the Spanish bonds for which the Cu
ban revenues were pledged.
The Spaniards from the first insisted
upon an indemnity for the Philippines,
and the correspondence shows that after
the proposition to pay $20,000,000 was made
things proceeded much more smoothly
and were soon brought to aclose.
The American commissioners appear to
have been of one mind as to the wisdom
of taking over all the Philippines, with
the exception of Senator Gray, who, not
withstanding he signed the treaty, held
out to the last against the policy of ac
quiring these islands. In one notable dis
patch he pleaded zealously against the
policy as unpatriotic, un-American and
inconsistent with probity and good states
manship.
After a brief debate the Senate refused
to print the correspondence.
AGONCILLO CONTINUES
HIS VAIN PROTESTS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Sixto Lopez,
secretary of Agoncillo, the Philippine rep
resentative here, called at the State De
partment thj,s afternoon and left with the
chief cle^k another communication ad
dressed to the Secretary of State protest
ing against the attitude of our Govern
ment toward the Filipino "republic." The
terms of the protest do not go as far as
an ultimatum. The same fate awatts this
communication as that which befell its
predecessors. It will be diplomatically
ignored.
Accompanying the communication is a
long memorial addressed to the Senate
containing a comprehensive argument in
opposition to the ratification of the treaty
nnd which the envoy asks the President
to send to that body. The letter of trans
mittal contains more than the mere re
quest, but Agoncillo feels tha* he is
bound by courtesy not to make It public
until an opportunity is had by the State
Department officials to make a reply.
FITZSIMMONS' MONEY
WILL BE COVERED
Announcement Made After Sharkey
Had Put "Jack" McCor
mick to Sleep.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 30.— Tom
Sharkey to-night announced that
O'Rourke would, on his behalf, cover
the money deposited in New York by
Fitzsimmons. The announcement was
made after Sharkey had put out "Jack"
McCormick of this city in the second
round of what was to have been a six
round go at the Arena. The bout lasted
as long as It did probably because the
sailor wanted to give the great crowd
present something for their money.
Sharkey decided to end the exhibition
after a lively exchange in the opening
of the second. He put in a left upper
cut, sent right and left in turn to the
Jaw and brought the right up again to
the same spot. McCormick went down
and stayed the limit. When he got to
his feet again Tom banged a right in
the stomach and left on the jaw and
the local man went out of business. The
round lasted two minutes and fifteen
seconds.
PUT UP A CLEAN
AND CLEVER FIGHT
Muller and Thompson Go Fifteen
Bounds to a Draw at Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.— Fred Mul
ler of San Francisco and "Bob" Thomp
son (colored) of this city fought fifteen
rounds to a draw to-night before the
Los Angeles Athletic Club. John Brin
I refereed the mill. Thompson was over
: the stipulated weight and forfeited 15
| per cent of the gate receipts. Muller
put up a strong fight, and in the fourth
! round and again in the fourteenth had
i the colored man distressed, but the
! gong saved him. Thompson tried many
i times with terrific rights for a knock
| out blow, but Muller cleverly blocked
I the blows or ducked under them. It
! -was a clean scientific match, and the
1 decision met with favor. Considerable
money had been wagered, with Muller
a slight favorite.
In the preliminaries Young Dempsey
I of this city knocked out "Kid" Cham
...'..,. THE EMPORIUM. .. . ! , ■.; |1. '. THE EMPORIUM. ;, „ ,'..
i The New Silks and Wash |
* Goods Are Charming. 5
* First displays of Spring Wash Fabrics, Silks, Neckwear, Rib- <# '.
* bons, etc., this week, and the great sale of Canned Goods.  S
% First Annual Sale j Fine Liquors. $
t Canned Goods JS^S^SrZ... * r#«33 |
* 25,000 cans of Choice Fruits, Vege-I . f SAe™*y-our $1.50 per gallon qual- J
* values, ./f not satisfactory in wry par- uart bottles, regularly $1 - 50 ' . th 2 week J
* uuL*', rtfundeduithout quoth*. *"s£•£"" M a de lra - " SniUJ 5
» #7oya# Ann TaAfe Cherries $L 75 a ii O n— this week for $i.W *
* -Regularly 20c can- this week case of Kentucky Belle Bourbon- J
£ twodozens2.9s— B cans f0r......51. 00 uart bottles, regularly 75c. this week J
* Standard Table Blacifber- j? or ' b ' sg c J
* ' — Regularly 17c ' can— this waek *"" "" "*" ■"" J
T case of two dozen $2.95- caps for , • - ___ -_ ._ f2
i ........:...........;.;...;......,.......: soc Heed a Clock? J
£- Standard Green Gage .^.y, 4-inch Dial \ick- *
» P/f/ms-Regularly 15 C can-this week -^'WSfcL el A?arm Gock, J
■*'..case of.- two dozen $2;45-p r can ..lie f V>^\^£^^-. mlo lTlf - j 7fl ' f
* Extra Standard Sliced W^Tmto!
* FeacAcs-Lemon. Cling* and Jhite £»3P" /*m\ el Alarm : .Clock, «
J Heath-regularly 2oc can-thn woek case /(/(.fe { J rings 15 minutes.. *
T of two dozen cam $3.90—b cans for I / I \»»\6 *-4/vl// C* «:o «
| ■■« a idarrf'/lpWco^l^ f l^^l' BhSfySSS J
(9k ly loc can — this we9k * case of two dozen \\ \\\y tS£S*SlS)^fl w««j u,.ui *
jr oTr, ._ , , —< jj \| \rj /?§?> tfiki till Wood Mantel
* Hesperian Havwards Table Fni ts — ■ I i*ky\'. * v»^ • i A n ~ 2
J Peacfies, >lpr/cofe, Btocfr S^a^s^ ™ J"; «« a^J J
* Gherries, Pears and Plulns dral o gtrike< raarbleiz d pillar,, ilt *
T — Regulany 17c can— this week case " . 6 : 6 •', *>• r«r *
tof two dozen cans $2.95-6, cans f or. 7sc trimming, special ........ ... ••••#4-75 J
* Dessert ßlackberries and day ••-. """"" |g ' ocl .*
* Gra/ies— Packed to sell at 10c c in— „ _ M l
* this week case of four dozen at $1.60— ■ ThiS RanffC $2Tm5Qm T,
J per dozen cans 4-2 C • *~<s&=^ . <
* Morning Beauty iowa Sweet M^jgj§#ra ij
rjt . Corn— Regularly 10c — this week . "T>T7j^3 | Vjf|> <
'a case of two doz3n — per can 8o . §^ * - ■ ■*^
g> Hesperian Haywards To- *
■^ matOCS — this week case of two dozen i^l^^s^ *
» $1.65-per can.....'..... 7c e^^^^^^j *
* Standard Cove Oysters— i?»^S=^^~ss3Gm ~ — «
* Regularly 16c can— this week case of two 1 P«SfclS®^sfs^^^H <*
J dozen $3.os— per can 13c . Srifirnlsqw^^'Si. *
J Blue Point Oysters -new pack cf^^^^a^^^^^Sp. *
a, — regularly 25c can — this week case of ♦
p. two dozen $4.7s— ner can. 20c *
fk Farrens F" Baltimore Oysters Jj^liP^ 2^- vN. "*
#> —Regularly 20c can this week case of <^^^ ,W^ L.^?^* V. ?tSV .^
* two dozen $3.55 — per can 15c \. ]/ — S
* Standard Cove Oysters— \^J 2
T This week case of four dozen $3.25 — per \__^ — J
J can 7c { This: illustration shows a jery hand- *•
J Iran Gamp's Macaroni This x illustration shows a very hand- }
J and Cheese and Pork and some No - 7 Ran Wlth hl h shelf > the *
* Beans— l-lb cans-rthjs week per case results of the latest and best efforts— t$
•*■ of four dozen $3.7s— per can ffc over sixt years' experience in ihe manu- *
* Rex Vienna Sausage— 1-lb; facture of high-grade Stoves and Ranges. J
* -regularly 10c tin— week caseof! Among its man admirable features are: . J
J two dozen $1.85— tin 8c ! Cemented Oven Top. Small .Fire Box, 5,
5 Da Lory Imported Sardines Extra Large Bailed suitable for wood
j^ %s— regularly 13c tin— this week.... lOg\ Ash Pan. . or coal. 4
#, ' French Mackerel in oil— ><s Graduated Lid. ' Extra Large Oven. .<#
#> — very regularly 25c— this week..."..! Large Broiler Door. SuDerbly Finished. 1 *
\ 20c Improved Damper Nickel-plated Tea- ♦•
* Pork and Beans— 3-lb cans— Device. pot Shelf and
* this week 3 cans .25c Heavy Castiron Lin- Towel Rod. J
* Pork and Beans -this week 61 ing in place of Full Nickel Trimmed 2j
J cans.. 25c brick.
Dk Imported Frankfurters — — Guaranteed to satisfy the most fas- <#>
A. and large tins Wurstcher Mit Sauerkraut tidious housekeeper, and set up complete 4*
#> — regularly 50c— this week 4-Og in any part of the city for $27.50. ♦
#> • ■ '- ,*.*ir?"C '"^
J P OoO<d!enßule Oazaar. 2
. Q<tUFCnQiiA-S LARGES7— AMERICA'S- GRASDtST STORE !j
bers of Chicago in the eighth round of
what was to have been a ten -round go.
There was a large attendance.
SILVERTHORN ROUGH* IT.
Sacramento Mill Awarded to Stelzner
on a Foul.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 30.— What was to
have been a twenty-round fight here to
night between Jack Stelzner and Tom Sil
verthorn ended in the eleventh round,
when Referee Frank McConnell awarded
the fight to Stelzner on a foul. From
first to last Silverthorn roughed it. fre
quently catching Stelzner by the legs. He
would crouch near the floor, and when
Stelzner rushed would give the latter his
shoulder and throw him over his back.
After repeated warnings it was found
that Silverthorn had no intention of
fighting fair, or did not know how to do
so. and the fight was stopped. The de
cision met with general approval.
The Philadelphia Sails To-Day.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 30.— The Philadelphia
will sail at 11:30 a. m. to-morrow for Sa
moa. Chief Engineer Bates arrived to
day from the East. The ship is fourteen
men short of a full crew.
OF INTERES T
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im»
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding Wm Any tf tto r»flti*n rinu Pltu* Mention ''The C»!L"
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM. - SCBOENING.^'^dw^ 8 aupplled -
BELTINQ. . .
Ln fIEfiPN ' Manufacturer of Belting md
. r. ifCUCH, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
elon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADT, Proprietor. '
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
. ... .: . . . Work. "- - •- : ■• ■■
Off!o8 and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045. .
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Abore Powell. "
Periodicals. Books find Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. ,
O-'RDIEN X- CrtWC— Makers and Dealers - ln
OKILt( (S 3Ur( Landaus. Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies.* Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco. . ■■ , • ; " - •
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. \
J. C. WILSON & CO..
- «OO ; BATTERY STREET.
, . ; Telephone Main \ 1364. ;
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS F& . CO.. - practical coppersmiths.
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing." improved con-
tinuous stills, eic. 41a Mission St.. nsar First;
all work guaranteed. . : •- - :. • ■ .
'.'.'■'• : druggists (WHOLESALE .
REDINGTON & CO, ■SSA tl Kn&
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS PftVP? Jfr Cli Shipping Batchers. 104
JA3- DUIC3 tt U),, Clay. Tel Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
AllllA Hunters' - Equipments. ; Flahlnr
IlllnlV'' Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
ULJIIIJ fr r catalogue.. UEO. W. SHREVE,
wiiw 739 Market Itre
INVITED A ROBBER
TO RIDE WITH HIM
; Fort Bragg Hotel Proprietor the Vic
tim of Misplaced Confi
dence.
FORT BRAGG. Jan. 30.— Oscar Larsen,
I a hotelkeeper of Fort Bragg, had a very
| inter* sting experience while returning
j from Mendocino on Friday night. "While
I descending the grade into Russian Gulch
;he overtook a man walking. He invited
j the pedestrian to ride with him. which
I the fellow did. with many thanks. As
I they were descending the grade on tho
I other side a man sprang from among the
bushes on the roadsirjp and grabbed
Larsen's horse by the bridle. At the samo
time Larsen's companion placed a re
volver to his head and ordered him to
hold up his hands. The two strangers
I then searched his pockets and took Rll the
cash he had with him, amounting to
I something over $3. and his gold watch and
chain. They then ordered him to drive on,
and disappeared in the darkness.
Supreme Court Adjourns.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— The United
States Supreme Court adjourned to-day
until Monday, February 20.
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., Importers 5 Dealers
*j in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS. '
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedlev. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da. •
scrlption Mode to Order. Tel. Black ISOS. -
; PAPER DEALERS. . i
WILLAMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
If ILLMHILI it. 722 Montgomery Street
PRINTING.
E C HUGHES, m £52!8%^«.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^raph,cp AßTßiDGE fefe
THE fIICKS CO., gSSr-tflfa.,.
TYPEWRITERS.
All Typewriters Rented.
jß===3Eja» Few partly used for sale chea^
[■ML AGEXTS SMITH PREMIER.
L. & M. ALEXANDER.
a *ab*=' gil 110 Montgomery t street.
wallpaper/
WHOLESALE «t retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 3M Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gei-
era! Storage.' Free and Grain. Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. v>; i-:
TI lINIIT ' Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
•• LliaVlt ,iii is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH BTEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. M Hi
• GREEN RIVER COLLIEHIES,
Is the -Best Coal ln the Market.
Office and Yards— iSO Main StrMt.
56
TUESDAY JANUARY 31, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
BLJCATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone -lain IS6S.
DITORIAL ROOMS .217 to £21 Stevenson Street
. Telephone Main IS7-'
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Elrgle Copies. 5 cents
Term* by Mail. Including Postage:
DAII/ CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (ineladlns Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY •1.1. (Including Sur.iay Call). 3 months 1.50
fif.VDAT CALL, one year IJIO
•\VEKKLY CALL, cr.e year .OO '
All postmaster* are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
_________ ' • :■■.....-
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£_« Hoaso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Buildinft
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK. 337 Hoyes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 6!5 LcrKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-94! /ASsslon street, open uctll 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh !
6treet, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ona ;
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK- 1
Eye."
;•: me."
. -'La Perichole."
Orpheuin— Vaudeville.
: Zoo— lManka, the "Lady of Lions. "
::.pia — Coiner Maton and EM* street*. Specialties.
r.il Park— The Steeplechase.
Piano Recital this evening.
Hal!— Concert this evenir.g.
Oakland Race Track— Races To-day.
politaa Temple— Piano Recital Monday evening. Feb-
ruary €■
AUCTION SALEi.
H. Leahy- Thl« day. at 2 o'clock, Bankrupt
Pal<- a: Kruanu-?! Station, tan Mateo County.
■—This day, at li o'clock. Furniture
i arreU.
TEACHERS OND THEIR SALARIES.
r>M the mouth of the wisest teacher that ever
ted humanity in the ways of justice we
have the injunction. "The workman is worthy
oi his hire." A statement whose justice is so ap
ds the sanction of divine authority
mend it to men. Nevertheless, it is not always
acted upon by either individuals or communities.
There are times when the worker, after having earned
his hire by toil, has to get it by fighting.
It is in some such situation as that the
teachers employed in the public schools of this city
find themselves at present. They have performed
the work allotted to them. No objection is made
anywhere to the value of their services. It is con
ceded that they taught with due diligence and
effectiveness and that the pupils of the schools have
profited by their instruction. Their pay, however,
en withheld from them for months, and they
have had to apply to the courts for redress.
It is not right that the innocent should be made to
suffer the consequences of the wrong of others. If
San Francisco elected to the Board of Education in
competent or dishonest men, who wasted the funds of
the schools, and then neglected to oust them from
office when their wastefulness was known, it is upon
the whole city the penalty of the waste should fall.
It is unfair to impose the burden upon the teachers,
who did not elect the School Board nor maintain it
cc.
Uti'ier our law the worker is very justly given a
hen upon the product of his work as security for his
and the lien stands valid against all other
claims whatever. The school teachers have no such
lien upon the revenues of the city, but the justice of
their claim is as strong as that of any mechanic
the house he has helped to build.
When the teacher is not paid the community is dis
graced. It is a scandal that a city so rich as San
Francisco cannot or will not pay for work performed
in her service.* The court in which redress has been
sought ought not to make unnecessary delay in de
termining the matter. The workman is not only
worthy of his hire, but is entitled to receive it before
he dies either of old age or starvation.
THE PRANKS OF THE WINTER.
ONCE more old winter is playing such pranks
with the weather as give the oldest inhabitant
an opportunity to say he "never saw the
like." These pranks are being played all over the
Union, but with variations. In no two sections of the
country are they alike in style, but all seem to be
alike objectionable.
While we are receiving a halcyon season too bright
and beautiful for human good the northern region of
the East is being swept with frequent blizzards ,and
in the South there have been heavy snow-stormsL
The snow has fallen as far south as Southern Georgia
and Alabama, where such occurrences are rare, and
no doubt we shall hear later of extensive damage
done to the rural industries of those sections.
In the meantime the sunshine with us threatens to
be as disastrous as any snow-storm could be. Just
at present California would be a paradise for pic
nickers. The air is as balmy as the Maytime that
poets dream of, and there are signs of the budding
of flowers. It would have been a great season for
midwinter rose festivals if we had prepared any.
Such a season comes but rarely to any part of the
world, and men of this generation are not likely to
see another so beautiful, so calm, so bright in every
aspect of earth and sky. If we were creatures born
for frolic and for pleasure we could ask nothing bet
ter. Unfortunately, we are dependent upon hay,
grain-, fruit and garden truck and we need rain. We
We, fherefore, hardly in a mood to enjoy the sweet
ness of life that is around us.
All we can say is that California has once more
lived up to her reputation as a record-breaking State,
and that in our winter there is now to be found a
more idyllic charm than any other land can show
tven in the slory of spring.
Now (he sisters, cousins and aunts of the legislators
%ill all have jobs at the expense of the State. Let it
not be said nothing has been accomplished this ses
sion.
With all divergence of opinion there can be no
doubt that this Philippine business ought to be settled
without delay. It is getting tiresome.
"To him that hath shall be given," and so a leper
of this city has been afflicted with smallpox.
Colorado is rapidly getting into a position to turn
op its nose at the Klondike.
fIN IMPOTENT CONCLUSION.
r\ STRAXGE spirit of the perverse seems to have
/ \ moved over the Assembly yesterday and di
rected its action in relation to the dishonored
Speaker to a most lame and impotent conclusion.
Wright resigned the Speakership and the resigna
tion was accepted, but a resolution expelling him
from the Assembly was voted down by a large ma
jority. The position in which the Assembly placed
itself by the two votes is utterly untenable. If Wright
be innocent, why was he deposed from the Speaker
ship? If he be guiity. why is he permitted to retain
his seat in the Assembly?
Wright was not convicted of misconduct as
Speaker, but of a violation of the law as an Assem
blyman. Out of his own mouth it was shown he had
expended in his campaign more money than the law
permits, more than he had sworn to in his affidavit
of election expenses. It was shown, moreover, that
he had taken a large sum of money from a candidate
for the United States Senate under an implied pledge
to vote for that candidate.
If conviction of such offenses be not sufficient
reason for his expulsion from the Assembly they do
not justify the Assembly in deposing him from the
Speakership. If such a man be fit to sit in the
Assembly he is fit to preside over it.
The one satisfaction to the public is that no tolera
tion on the part of illogical and inconsistent Assem
blymen will rehabilitate this discredited intriguer and
political jobber. He will remain in the Legislature
to vote for Dan Burns, but with that his pernicious
activity ends. Disgraced and dishonored, he will
stay at Sacramento to be scorned by honest men so
long as the Legislature stays there, but his political
career closes with the session.
A TIME FOR REFLECTION.
RESPECTABLE members of the Legislature
who are tempted to foliow Grove Johnson in
his crusade against a free and untrammeled
press should pause to reflect that legislation con
ceived in passion, or for the purpose of meeting tem
porary conditions, always in the long run inflicts
damage upon a community. An anti-cartoon bill is
in its nature a farce. Bills making it possible for ir
responsible persons to harass and annoy newspapers
with libel suits often cut in directions least expected.
Bills authorizing aggrieved individuals to kill news
paper men on sight are quite likely to result in the
death of more legislators and politicians than jour
nalists.
These members should be reminded of the fact that
the press is never responsible for legislative scandals.
If Senators and Assemblymen were honest, if they
did not sell their votes, if they did not enter into
Senatorial conspiracies, or if they were careful at all
times to maintain their honor and character, the most
reckless newspaper ever published in California could
find nothing to >ay against them.
Two years ago the Examiner discovered that an
infamous bill pending in the Senate was being passed
improperly. It charged that some members were
asking and receiving $250 apiece for voting for it.
The Senate became highly indignant at this and im
mediately summoned the Examiner's editor for con
tempt and placed some of its reporters in jail. Yet
it appeared afterward that the condition was even
worse than the Examiner had pictured it. This year
The Call discovered that Speaker Wright had ob
tained $1650 from Senatorial Candidate Grant, and
that notwithstanding this bribe he had accepted a
consideration from Candidate Burns and intended to
vote for him. The exposure made by this paper led
to the development of a scandal which has involved
many other members of the Legislature.
Were the newspapers responsible for these dis
closures? Did the Examiner conspire with anybody
to offer $250 a vote on Assembly bill 273? Did The
Call induce Speaker Wright to take $1650 of Mr.
Grant's money and then vote for Dan Burns? Are
not the respectable and honorable members of the
Legislature under obligations to both of these news
papers for exposing the crookedness of their un
worthy colleagues? If it is newspaper license to un
cover this kind of corruption, then the more of it we
have the better for honorable men and good govern-
Why should honest legislators vote to discipline a
press which is engaged in this kind of work? Before
passing any more of these bills we think the respect
able members of the Legislature should stop to re
flect a little.
Eagan, it seems, is to be coupled up with Alger and
share with that gentleman the benison of a glad hand
from the board of investigation. This will exonerate
the beef and show that the soldiers who died of eat
ing it were hasty.
Possibly in the whole history of State legislation
no man ever so wantonly covered himself with dis
grace as ex-Speaker Wright has done. His rascality
did not even have the guidance of intelligence.
THE NAVY PERSONNEL BILL.
AS it comes before the Senate the navy personnel
bill has the sanction of both the line and the
staff of the navy and the prestige of an over
whelming victory in the House. It is, therefore, sur
prising to learn by dispatches from Washington that,
while the friends of the measure are confident the
bill will be favorably acted upon by the Senate, they
are fearful it will be so loaded with amendments as
to materially alter its nature and injuriously affect
the service. ,
The bill provides for a reform in the navy which
has long been needed. It is the outcome of mature
deliberation on the part of representatives of both
branches of the navy and of civilians who have at
tentively studied the subject. It may not be satis
factory to extremists in either the staff or the line,
but it is conceded by fair-minded men to be the best
plan of reorganization that can be devised under ex
isting circumstances.
Efforts were made in the House to have it amended
in various respects, but so confident were the mem
bers of that body of the essential justness and ex
cellence of the measure as reported from the com
mittee that nearly all of the proposed amendments
were rejected. The prevailing opinion has been that
the bill should be enacted as devised by the men who
have so carefully considered the whole subject, leav
ing the work of amending it to a time when its va
rious provisions shall have been tested in operation.
The danger of the threatened amendments in the
Senate is that they may lead to a prolonged discus
sion on the subject and thus prevent its passage at
this session of Congress. Such a delay would amount
to a serious evil, for it is high time the long-de
manded reform should be carried out, and it is par
ticularly desirable it should be so at this juncture,
when the work of reorganization could be made to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 81, IS^J.
correspond with the promotions to be made, both in
the staff and the line for services during the war.
In addition to doing justice to the officer's of the
staff by placing them on an equality with those of the
i line, the bill materially augments the navy in all its
branches, including the marine corps. It increases
the number of officers by ninety-eight, adds to the
number of higher grades and provides for retirements
I so as to make way for further promotions hereafter.
1 It has not been treated as a party measure, but passed
the House by a majority of more than two to one,
and it is to be regretted that any strong antagonism
i should have developed against it in the Senate.
IT is quite the custom to declare that we must hold
the tropical islands in the East and West Indies
until the people thereof are fitted for freedom and
qualified for self-government. We must protect them
against themselves, prevent the making of mistakes
and administer public authority in the midst of them
until -,ye think they are prepared. Of course this
means the permanence of our sovereignty over them.
We decide that they don't know how to swim and
undertake to keep them out of water by force until
they learn.
When our revolution closed we immediately
entered upon the experiment of self-government. We
made serious mistakes and profited by finding them
out The oid Confederation was a mistake. We cor
| rected it by the Constitutional Union of 1789. In
that constitution we compromised ourselves into
further mistakes. New England shipping interests
ai that time enjoyed the profits of the slave trade. We
permitted its continuance until 1808, and as a com
promise with the South gave her a three-fifths rep
resentation for her slaves in the apportionment which
was the basis of representation in Congress and the
Electoral College, and we treated the institution 01
slavery as domestic and let it stand. After the slave
trade and its profits ceased by limitation and New-
England had no longer a stake in the institution, the
introduction of the cotton gin made slave labor in
the South immensely profitable, and the North had
no share in it. Then began the long wrangle which
ended in secession and the Civil War, which remains
tc afflict us in the form of a pension list that practi
cally absorbs our whole customs revenue, and in its
financial emergency legislation, continues to torment
the republic with a monetary system of misery and
with policies for its remedy which threaten worse evils
than those which we endure. Besides this, the orig
inal errors and compromises of the Federal constitu
tion, leading up to the Civil War, left us a legacy in
the shape of thirteen million negroes, who by the
constitution are guaranteed a franchise which in prac
tice we deny to them. Therefore, we have under the
flag that enormous population of blacks who are out
lawed from their solemnly guaranteed rights.
It would seem that our success in self-government,
notwithstanding these mistakes, would admonish us
that the only way to prepare a people for self-govern
ment is by letting them govern themselves, not put
ting them in leading strings and holding them there.
They will make mistakes. We did. They may op
press each other. We drove the Tories into the
maritime provinces of Canada. They may kill each
other. We are still lynching negroes. The strong
may deny to the weak the exercise of their rights. We
are doing it. In fine, the excuse made for taking
these people and seizing their administration has no
good reason in logic or morals.
And beyond it all is the racial fact that they are
as little fitted for our form of government as we are
for theirs. If we apprentice them to Anglo-Saxon
institutions their apprenticeship will have no end.
Nor can we eradicate them and plant our race on the
soil beneath which they are buried, for nature has
made them ineradicable and has put barriers against
our race in their country, which it has never passed
and never can pass.
Therefore this pretense of tutelage and guidance
means that we are to waste armies and build navies
in an imperial domination in the tropics, which will
end only in our exhaustion and final humiliation.
Many bad things appear in the Filipinos. They are
reported to be torturing and abusing prisoners and to
make Malay and not Christian warfare. They like to
sack plantations and loot towns. But if all this be true
they are a good people to let alone. If four centuries
of Spanish rule have not driven their natural instincts
out of them, how many centuries of American rule
will modify it?
We have not pounded nor educated the same ten
dencies out of our own Indians. We educated Little
Crow, chief of the Minnesota Sioux, and ne lived in
a house at Crow Wing agency, with his college
diploma hanging on the wall of his library, and his
daughters were seminary girls and played the piano.
But when his people effected the massacre at New
Ulm Little Crow laid off his broadcloth, and in his
breech clout and blanket was the worst Indian in the
Northwest.
There is no sorcery known to us and unknown to
Spain that can change the Malay mind and method.
That chap who says he knows the secret of the late
Keeley should have made the announcement before
curious investigators had been mean enough to dig
out the hidden wires and give the whole snap away.
It would seem that the word of some of the noto
rious crooks being taken in by the police is as good
a » their bonds, but the bonds are worthless. Never
theless, the latter are occasionally accepted.
While Eagan has been found guilty, there are al
ready hints that clemency is to be extended to him.
The people of this country would like to know the
reason, for they cannot imagine what it is.
Telegraphic advices indicate that treason lurks in
Alger's office, but whether this is the case or not,
there would be no harm in cleaning the office out.
Whether it is better to buy votes and confess, or to
buy them and lie until black in the face, is a question
which is just now of considerable interest.
The chaplains of the Legislature seem to be well
paid for the work they do. But think what a hopeless
task is theirs. It requires nerve.
Dr. O'Donnell might as well dismiss his contest.
Such a course would in no way bar him from running
for some old thing next time.
It must be said to the credit of the police that,
while the crop of burglars seems to be ripe, they are
harvesting it right along.
The statement is made that Iloilo may have to fall.
In other words, Aguinaldo needs to have several
houses tumble on him.
Perhaps it is hardly necessary to state that the two
men who tried to drive over a trolley car did not suc
ceed.
There has been no sham about the illness of Milton
Green. He has even made his associates sick.
The legislator whose vote is purchasable has not of
late been lying down to pleasant dreams.
EDUCATION IN FREEDOM.
THEY MUST
PUT WIRES
UNDERGROUND
Harsh Words Over the
Light Question.
FIRST BIG FIGHT IN BOARD
APPROPRIATIONS GO OVER FOR
A HALF YEAR.
The Proposed Expenditures for a New
Police Station and Other Im
provements Will Not Be
Made. ;;;
The first harsh words were spoken by
the new Supervisors yesterday.
The matter came up on a vote to permit
the Mutual Electric Light Company to
erect poles in the city outside of the lire
limits. The majority justified their vote
on the ground that the policy of the board
and of past boards was to place all wires
underground.
The discussion which developed over the
resolution was the most acrimonious in
which the new board has up to the pres
ent time indulged. Tt was precipitated
late In the afternoon by Supervisor By
ington. He wanted to know what dispo
sition had been made of the petition of
the Mutual Electric Light Company to
erect poles. Supervisor Aigeltinger ex
plained that it had been received by the
board and referred to the Street Commit
tee. Owing to pressure of business ac
tion by the committee on It had been de
ferred one week.
Upon this showing Supervisor Perrault
moved that it be taken from the commit
tee and considered by the board as a com
mittee of the whole. \Vi\en this had been
done Supervisor Perrault moved that it
be granted. This brought out the oppo
sition. Holland objected to permission
being granted to place overhead wires
when all efforts were being made to beau
tify the city. Phelps wanted more infor
mation as to what the company propoesed
to do.
Dr. Perrault insisted that he was there
to do what was right and fair and not to
champion the cause of any company. Mr.
Deaay followed in the same strain, saying
the board was only granting privileges
a.n.-ady enjoyed by the old company.
Collins wanted consideration of the
matter to lay over, as all wires should be
placed underground. He did not believe
in putting some up only to take them
down again.
Dr. Perrault wanted to go on record as
wining to grant the desired permission.
He said: "I don't like the looks of this
light. It is a dirty tight on both sides,
and should not be considered." Upon the
vote being taken, the application of the
Mutual Company was denied. Those
against it were- Holland, Kaiben, Phelps,
Collins, Black, Heyer and Attridge. Those
favoring it were P«rrault, Byington,
L»casy, Lackmann and Aigeltinger.
Mayor Phelan explained that under a
recent decision of Judge Seawell the
board can be mandamused for refusing
to grant the petition.
The matter of appropriating 584,000 for
various improvements was finally laid
over until the end of the iiscal year, as
previously recommended by the Finance
Committee. Five firms bid on the pro
posed new police station in the Mission,
which was to absorb $50,000 of the appro
priation. The bids were rejected and re
turned unopened. Supervisor Lackmann
made a hard fight on tnis matter, and also |
on the improvement of Joyse street, his
pet hobby. He quoted figures supplied by
Chief Lees, showing a saving of $8483 a
yt ar to the city if it owned the police
station. The figures he read were quickly
torn to pieces by Perrault and Collins.
The former claimed that Lees forgot to
reckon making stablemen out of police
men at $100 per month salary, which he
claimed was being done. He said there
were many things in the proposed appro
priation that would bear scrutiny. It
developed that the city paid $400 fbr ad
vertising for bids for the police station,
which amount was lost when the bids
were rejected.
The matter of the employment of twen
ty-five extra policemen was finally de
feated, Supervisor Lackmann alono vot
ing in favor of it.
The board decided to await the opin
ion of City and County Attorney Lane
before taking action upon the application
of Tax Collector Sheehan for an appro
priation of $12,000, and also the pAyment
of nine clerks employed by him when he
took office.
In the matter of the demand on tne
treasury presented by the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company and the Gas
Improvement Company for lighting
streets and public buildings during the
month of December, 1898, the City and
County Attorney was requested to fur
nish the board with his opinion on the
following matters: First, as to the legal
interpretation of the Hon. J. M. Sea
well's late decision in the case of William
F. Summerhays vs. William Broderick,
Auditor, and as to the proper action, if
any, to be taken by the board under said
decision. Second, as to tne proper action
to be taken by the board in the matter
of the demands on the treasury presented
by the Pacific Gas Improvement Company
and the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company for gas and electric lighting
during the month of December, 1898, and as
to whether or noi the board before me
passage of the said demands can adjust
and allow a fair and reasonable compen
sation for the services performed without
reference to the rates or price specified
in their contracts. Third, as to whether
or not the contracts executed and existing
between the city and county and the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company and
the Pacific Gas Improvement Company
are valid and binding upon the city and
county.
It was resolved that no extra clerks o
employes shall hereafter be employed in
the public offices or departments of this
city and county on and from this date
except in cases where the services of ex
tra clerks or employes are on examina
tion deemed to be absolutely necessary
for the public interests by the Finance
Committee of the board.
The position of matron in the City Pris
on. now filled by Mrs. Walsh, was de
clared vacant and Mrs. Kate Cook was
appointed to fill the vacancy. Insubor
dination was charged against Mrs. Walsh
by Chief Lees, who suspended her. She
claimed to have a pull with the hoard.
Frederick Hohkweg was appointed
chemical expert to assist the Finance
Committee in the investigation of the gas
question.
The San Joaquln Valley Railroad was
granted permission to run ity oars across
Bryant street to the site the company has
selected for its terminus.
The resolution pledging the city to raipe
money for the park panhandle was finally
passed.
Supervisor Holland is in a quandary
over the furnishing of the Hall of Jus
tice. The Superior Judges declined to ac
cept the quarters offered them on the
ground that the City Hall departments
contain data for which they have use all
the time. On the other hand Supervisor
Holland holds that the courts should be
near the Police Department, which has
charge of the evidence in aJI criminal
case 9. It is expected that the matter will
be adjusted during the week.
THE STEAMBOAT ACCIDENT.
More Testimony Taken by the In
spectors of Steam Vessels.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger resumed yesterday afternoon
their investigation Into the cause of the
Finking of the gasoline launch William D
by the ferry steamer Oakland. First
Mate J. H. Douglass of the ferry-boat tes
tified that as soon as he saw the launch
he blew the danger whistle. The launch
was then about seventy feet abaft the
stem on the starboard. He had often been
annoyed by these little launches getting
in the way of the steamer and darting off
as suddenly aa they had come.
J. H. Rhodes, a telegraph operator at
Berkeley, testified that he was near the
■larboard bow. He first saw the launch
lum uniler the how of the steamer and
heard the steamer blow at least three and
.i>ly four whistles. Then, seeing that
Milan wav inevitable, he ran to the
qther Bide oj tin steamer to be out of the
uuv ol ttivj posaJWe danger.
Anderson of the Oakland told
about recelvwiS tlu ' danger signals and
tik.wing the. whistles.
Tlip uispeoton will resume the Investi
gation when i!it\v shnl! have obtained the
sa o( several Important witnesses
lite passengers. ,
AROUND THE
CORR3DORS
J. Nugent of Dublin is registered at the
Palace.
Ur\ J KmM of Natchez, Miss., is at
tti> tiluiul
Dr, J I- A*»y Of San Jose is registered
■il th<- I. lrk.
Ktore Turner of Modesto is a guest
at the 1.1.-k.
ton Mill Hot San Luis Oblspo is at
iho Occidental.
Attorney S. N. tirlffith of Fresno is a
futvt " l thtt Grand.
F. "W. Flint Jr. and wife of Loa Angeles
are guests at the Palace.
Uplted BtatM (Nnator William M. Stew
art of Nevada la at thr Palace.
Mrs. Ollbi-rt C. Smith and Miss Smith
Of f*t. l.oiils iire at the Occidental.
Attorney .C. C. Cuples of Forest Grove,
Wash., Is registered at the Occidental.
J. G. Davis, who is interested in mines
nt Juneau, Alaska, is , staying at the
Grand.
M. .T. Canning, a prominent business
man from Portland, Is staying at the Oc
ciucntal.
Mr. and Mrs. Howland Davis of New
York were among the arrivals at the Pal
ace yesterday.
D. It. Cameron, a prominent commis
sion merchant from Hanford, is register- I
ed at the Lick.
Frank S. Boggs of Stockton, son of the
late State Senator Boggs, arrived at the
Palace yesterday afternoon.
Attorney J. C. Ruddock of I'kiah, who is !
connected with the State asylum at that j
place, is a guest at the Grand.
C. F. del Brooke of Bakersfield, who
owns a large fruit farm near that place, '
is a guest at the California,
W. B. Gilbert of Portland, who is one of j
the United States Circuit Judges for the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, is at the Occi- |
dental.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Tiffany of New
York arrived on the overland last night,
and have taken apartments at t».e Palace. I
Mr. Tiffany is one of the members of the :
well-known firm of jewelers of that name. j
He and his wife are here merely for
pleasure.
■ ♦ »
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Jan. 30. -Mrs. H. F. Ter
ril! of San Francisco is at the Sturte
vant. D. E. Newall of San Francisco is
at the Imperial. James C. Pearson and
family of San Francisco are at the Neth
eriand.
■ ♦ ■ .
CALIPORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— P. J. Hartman
and William T. Shugrue of San Francisco
are at Willard's.
BENEATH A PALL
OF SWEET VIOLETS
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES BY
THE ELKS AT CYPRESS LAWN.
Knights and Ladies of Honor at the
Funeral of the Late S. B. Carle
ton of Town Talk.
The last services for the dead were per
, formed yesterday over the remains of the
! late S. B. Carleton, proprietor of Town
1 Talk, a member of Doric J^odge, F. and
: A. M., member of S^i Francisco Lodge
Protective Benevolent Order of Elks
! past grand protector of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor, and for eleven years
grand secretary of that order; a member
of the American Order of Foresters, a
member of several other orders, and ed
itor of the Sentinel, the official organ of
the Knights and Ladies of Honor.
As already announced, Mr. Carleton
died in San Jose after a long and pain
ful illness, ajid after the arrangements
for the last offices had been completed,
the remains encased in a casket, over j
which was spread a pall of California vio- I
lets, the offering of Mr. and Mrs. E. H. j
I Bourguignon of San Jose, were taken in
charge by San Jose Lodge, Free and Ac
cepted Masons, of San Jose and placed in
the loflgeroom.
At the Masonic Hall there was a gath
ering of the members of San Jose Lodge
| F and A. M.. and members of Mistletoe
and lerba Buena lodges K. and L. of H
! the mourners and a number of personal ,'
i friends. As the ceremonies were not to •
I be conducted by the Masons there was
!no service, but Thomas Badlev S W
; Boring, W. H. Mantz, Ralph Lowe, W. H*
! Clark and J. M. Horstman, of the Ma
sonic lodge, without regalia, acted as sne
i cial escort to the remains, which were con
! veyed to the broad-gauge train and then
jto Cypress Lawn Cemetery. There the re
malm were received by the San Fran
i Cisco lodge of the Elks and a large num- '•
| ber of the Knights and Ladies of Honor :
! representing West End. Aurora, Martha >
! Pacific. Golden Rule. Bay City, Star of !
I Sonoma and Oakland lodges. The re- !
mains were taken to the crematory where
the beautiful and very impressive ser
vices of the Elks for their dead was con
j ducted by H. S. Manning, exalted ruler
. A. J. Carmany, leading knight; T. F Bon
; net loyal knight: J. M. Odell. lecturing
knight: T. E. Dunne, esquire; Colonel
J. R. Howell. chaplain; Harrison House
i worth, secretary: H. S. Hagan. treasurer
i and Herman Kohn, inner guard. Rev J
| A. B. Wilson of the Howard-street Meth-
I odist Episcopal Church offered prayer and
delivered a touching discourse on the les
son taught by the death of Mr. Carleton
and the ceremony of the Elks, exemplify
ing charity, justice, brofherly love arid
fidelity. During the service a quartet
rendered "Peace," "I Am Waiting"
"Nearer My God. to Thee" and "Good
night, I Am Going Home." The Elks as
a last tribute circled around the casket
"•"I as ,. < i a £ h de P° s *ted an ivy leaf on the
coffin lid he uttered a farewell The re
mains were then cremated.
The Supreme Lodge of the Knights and
Ladles of Honor was represented by Dr
American, supreme representative-" the
Grand Lodge by Mrs. L. J. Wheelock
grand protector; H. W. Quitzow. grand
secretary: Mrs S. Krueger, grand chap
lain, and Ida Kidder. grand sentry. There i
were also present Past Grand Protectors |
M. Berkey, A. K. Cummings, E H Bour
guignon and Past Protector G J
Vincent.
BEHREND JOOST LOSES.
He Cannot Recover From the Re
ceiver of the San Mateo Road.
The Supreme Court has decided against
Behrend Joost In Joost's action against
Sanford Bennett, receiver of the San
Mateo and San Francisco Railway, before
that line became the property of the pres
ent owners. Joost sued Bennett for $5000
for services rendered, said services con
sisting of giving advice in some thirty
five or more cases against t. c company
and in fighting against a proposition to
annul the company's franchise. In addi
tion to this Mr. Joost wanted $1580 for the
rental of a number of lot? that had been
used by the company. All of these al
leged services were rendered during the
eighteen months between September, 1894,
and March, 1896. In the lower court Mr.
Joost lost his case, the Judge deciding
that at the time mentioned he was hold-
Ing the position of president of the com
pany and that there were no services that
he could render the receiver that he
should charge for. He was as much inter
ested as any of the people who had placed
him In office. This judgment was affirm
ed by the higher court.
For the Orphanages.
The Board of Foreign Missions will
meet to-morrow afternoon at Its head
quarters, 920 Sacramento street, when Im
portant matters in regard to the "Or
phanage" will be discussed.
GRAND JURY
TO INVESTIGATE
STRAW BONDS
The Bonds of Edward
Brooks Worthless.
A MISCARRIAGE OF JUSTICE
ONE OF THE SURETIES WILL BE
CHARGED WITH PERJURY.
The Police Will Insist That Clerk 3
of Police Courts Must Not Ac
cept Bonds in Felony
Cases.
The suspicion of thf> Police Department
j that the 13000 bonds accepted by
j Kelly of Jii<!tf«j Granam's c«urt f
rel«a«e of Edward Brooks, alias "Aus
tralian Eddie." the notorious pick}.
last Friday night were practically worth
j less, has been verified.
Bond Inspector Newman examined the
bonds yesterday and reported that one of
the bondsmen. M. C. Hayes, is not \
a cent. Hayes is an ex-policeman,
since then has been a professional )
man. About a year ago he was one of the
sureties on a bond given for the re!- I
Margaret Stevens, and it was declar- 1
forfeited. When the attorneys went : >
collect on the bond they found that the
property. 16 I.apidge street, on which
Hayes qualified, had been transferred to
his wife, and he owned no other property.
He qualified on the same property in
Brooks' bond. The other bondsman is J.
McAran, who qualifies on property on
Union street which is not on the assess
ment roll. Newman says he understands
that McAran has other property in the
city and it Is possible that a mistake was
mads in describing the Union-street prop
erty. He wiil inquire further on that
point.
As a result of his investigation Newman
will lay the matter before the Grand Jury
with the obieet of haying Hayes indicted
for perjury, and giving Clerk Kelly an
opportunity of explaining his reasons for
accepting such a bond. The police axe
satisfied that Brooks has left the city, as
he knew that the three charges against
him would be proved, the evidence in
each case having been found in his pos
session when arrested by Detective T. B.
Gibson.
Captain Seymour, in speaking of the
case yesterday, said: "I intend to a?k the
Police Judges to pass an order that no
bonds in felony cases be accepted by their
clerks. It is time that some more ripM
system was adopted in the taking of
bonds for the release of men charged
with a felony, and the power to do so
should not be in the hands of the clerk
of the court, but solely in the hand^ of
the Judge, and then there would be a re
sponsibility upon the shoulders of m< n
who are supposed to mete out justice.
"This man Brooks saw that we had him
cornered, and it is too bad that aft
resting him our effort? to punish him
should be frustrated by the acceptance of
worthless bonds for his release.
"The method of accepting bonds is too
lax, anyhow. Take the case of Cassiug
Blackman. the police officer arrest
gTand larceny. He g'">t out on worthless
bonds and has not since been heard of.
John Shaughnessy. who shot down a man
in the City Hall, was released <>n v.
less bond 3. but fortunately he- was arrest
ed on a bench warrant before he left
town, if that was his intention."
HARRY TERRILL IS HOME.
Return of the Crack California
Wheelman.
Harry F. Terrill, one of the famous
Terrill brothers, the crack professional
bicyclists of California, returned home
yesterday, after a most successful season
in the East, and spent last evening among
his friends at the Bay City Wheelmen's
clubhouse.
Terrill said he came back because all the
racing men were out here now and there
was nothing doing in the East.
His best performance while away, and
what stamped him as the equal if not
superior of many of the Kastern cracks,
was his defeat of Jay Eaton, commonly
called the "indoor king." in two straight
heats of a mile match race in Xew York,
on an indoor track, so that he practically
defeated the "king" at his own game.
Terrill traveled with Fournier and his
gasoline tricycle for a while, pacing match
races. He will ride out here if there is a
chance for him. He is in splendid condi
tion.
CaL place fruit 50c per 1b at Townss^ds."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Elected New Officers.
The Ladies' United Hebrew Benevolent
Society has elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing term: Presi
dent. Mrs. J. S. Oppenheimer; vice presi
dent. Mrs. M. Samuel; treasurer, Mrs.
M. Asher: secretary, Mrs. H. Tif itafi ;
trustees— Mrs. M. Davidson, Mrs. L. Bren
ner, Mrs. M. Litchenstein, Mrs. M. Si
mons, Mrs. Walderheimer, Mrs. S. Getz
Mrs. M. Friedman. During the last year
the society has relieved a thousand cases
of distress, expending $33rtO. leaving a bal
ance in the treasury of J276 50.
Alaska Star Routes.
Bids are asked for by the Postmaster
General at Washington for carrying 1 th«
malls from San Francisco or Seattle to
Unalaska, St. Michael, up the Yukon
Paver to Circle City and Dawsnn, for th«
navigable season of 1899. Bids will be
opened at 4 p. m. February 34.
California Limited.
Connecting train leaving at 5 p. m. on Sun
days. Tuesdays and Fridays allows half a day
in Los Angeles. Solid vestlbuled, electrto
lighted, dining car and observation car train.
Los Angeles to Chicago via the Santa F«
Route. Finest service ever given across the
continent. Full particulars at 623 Market sc
Husband's Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in battles with registered
trade-mark label. •
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
gestive organs is Angostura Bitters, prepared
by Dr. J. G- B. Slegert & Sons.
Point on Child-Culture.
A slipper used ludiciously will often
make a dull child nmart.— Baltimore Life.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alton baJrioa; powtfers are the greatest
menace** to health of the present day.
ggyi wwwa powptn 00., mew york,FOUR OF THE
CHOICES FELL
AT OAKLAND
Marcus Daly's Gualala
in Front.
SCORED AT ODDS OF 30 TO 1
BZNAMELA A HANDY WINNER
AT 15 TO 1.
Tony Licalzi Well Played to Land
the Opening Event— Cash Sloan
first on Midlight in a
Drive.
It did not look like "blue Monday" at
Oakland truck yesterday. Every train
oarrie. 1 a big load of race goers, and the
eighteen bookmakers enjoyed a busy day.
ring still has the talent going down
the sliding board, for four more fa
vorites wore oounted out.
tive ft . •riiity is rapidly be
coming familiar with the copper and
colors of Marcus Daly. In the sec
ond event, tin- chestnut iilly Gualala, rid
(i.-n by \V. H. Martin, showed a clean pair
of heels to a shifty assortment of speed,
with odda of 80 and 30 to 1 laid against
her. With 100 pounds on her back, ahe
1 the six furlongs in 1:14, lead
ing the second choice. Lavator, out a
length. The favorite Obsidian ran un-
Blder was well backed, and
the majority of books paid out as much
as they took In on the race.
In select circles, Tony IJcalzi was hand
as the most eligible of the iif
startera In the opening six furlong
scramble. Spencer hud the leg up, and
g took no chances, not laying much
than 4 to l. Spencer got his m<<uut
: was never headed, win
ning by over a length from Don Luis. The
favorite Magnus received a poor send-off,
ar.ii was never prominent
The Burns & Waterhouse pair, Fres
tome and Nomadic, had first call in the
betting on the three and a half furlong
scramble, i"r two-year-olds, the stable
placing its reliance in the former colt.
Fri'm the jump. Innovator, with Ilennes
by up, went out with Prestome, and in a
drive, downed him a scant head in :4.' ; ..
Infinity, the entry of Caesar Young, fin
ished third.
"made tip" race, a sprint over the
■ . proved easy for Ann
ncer. The'mare ruled
a prominent favorite, winning with case
from Sidelong. Mister Buck, the second
a sorry figure.
■k Taylor thought so well of the
: Benamela that he let him run
• n furlong selling affair
his odds drifting hack to 35 to 1. The
brown gelding then went out, and after
running .-••>., i to Frohman to the stretch
drew away and at ttu wire led Topmast
:i. rrohman, a top-heavy fa
( the show In a drive.
The final sprint at th<- Futurity distance
Midlight, the 4 to 5 favorite, landed
winner bj Cash Sloan. Cash waited with
iwn mare, and then making his run
isi part, just managed to beat High
land Ball a short head. Cyril was a close
third.
Track Notes.
Dan Dennison is meeting with such suc
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, Jan. 30, 1899.— Forty-second
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON. Btarter.
QJ. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Km.
4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
467 Tony Licalzl, 4 106 6
693 Don Luis, 4 116 2
E«3 Averine, 4 103 3
640 Cyaro, 4 106 4
£85 Magnus, 4 11l 5
572 Schnitz, a 117 8
655 Colonel Dan, 4 114 1
467 Zcm Z'-m. 4 104 11
58g Defender, 6 119 7
... Initiator, 4 108 9
678 Con Dalton, 3 St 13
... Roadrunner, a 122 12
... Madrone, a 118 10
693 R. de L. Angeles, 4.114 14
... Nuncomar. £ 109 j 15
:'::
1 4
3 h
6 1
6 Vi
11 2
9 1
4 1
7 h
8 h
lo 1
13
14
2 h
12
15
1 14
2 Vi
3 4
4 1
7 L
8 1
6 4
6 Vi
10
11
12
13
9 4
14 -
-15
1 14 Spencer . v ....
2 3 [Thorpe
3 h Snider
4 n W. H. Martin
5 h Bullman
6 1 H. Martin
7 1 Hennessy ....
8 4 [Mounce
9 1 W. Narvaez..
10 2 Butter
113 Kiley
12 2 E. Jones
13 E. Cochran...
14 C. Sloan
15 F. Bennett
4
4
. 12
100
i 2
10
6
100
20
8
100
15
100
20
100
7-2
9-2
15
100
6-2
12
8
100
60
10
150
20
40
20
300
Time— Vi. :24t*; 4, (•'._.; *i. 1:15. Winner, B. N. Holman's b. g. by Hornpipe-Mary
Foster. Perfect start. Won first three driving.
The winner had clear sailing. Magnus was away poorly. Colonel Dan sulked in the
stretch. A .poor lot In general.
itched— Wildflower 107.
QS SECOND RACE-Six furlongs;
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
! Jockeys.' _
W. H. Martin]
... Gualala 100 1
659 Levator 109 6
6SO Limewater 112 3
(509) Malay 109 7
557 Crossmollna 103 2
600 Obsidian 112 4
583 Genua 107 5
... Gualala ™l ' ... 12 12 11 11 W. H. Martin 12 20
659 Levator 109,6 ... 214 2 3 22 24 Spencer 3-2 5-2
690 Limewater 112 3 ... 34 3 4 3 4 3 2 C.Sloan 5 6
':» Malay •• 109 7 ... «1 44 4 2 4 1 Bullman ...... 15 i : 12
. ■.. 1 Crossmollna 103 2 ... 54 6 2 6 4 5 3 Jones 20 30
600 Obsidian 112 4 ... 7 .J. 7- 6 2 6 2 Thorpe I 7-5 7-5
nB3 Genua v W 5 ... 63 6 3 7 7 [H. Martin j 6 9
Time— Vi. :24?i ; 14. :454; %, 1:14. Winner. Marcus Daly's eh. f. by imp. Goldfinch-
Kiss Me Quick. Good start. Won first three driving. • .
Gualala ran ahead of her number. Obsidian was kicked while at the post. Genua had
no speed.
Scratched— Petal 102, Raclvan 104.
1 2
2 14
3 4
4 1
5 Vi
■■ •: 7 •-•.">.-
-68
1 2
2 3
3 M
4 Vi
5 2
. 7
63
1 1
2 2
3 4
4 2
6 4
6 2
7
1 1
2 4
3 2
4 1
5 3
6 2
7
Spencer
C." 510 an....... J
Bullman ...... I
Jones j
Thorpe !
,11. Martin |
CTO£i THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight. [St.
Km.
Vim.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
689 Innovator 108
6*9 Prestome 112
465 Infinity 103
EM Bathos .102
... •ilia 99
666 Nomadic 102
... Belle of Palo A1t0. .109 1
4
la
2
1
3
I
6
•5
1 7
2 4
1 h
3 h
4 4
5 6
8 10
7
1 h
2 2
3 1
4 5
6 12
66
7
1 ns
2 I
3 14
4 6
6 20
6 4
7
nennessy ....
Thorpe ........
Jones I
I. Powell
3
6-5
6
- 3
30
•
5-;
5-2
6-2
3-2
15
7
30
*
9-2
Coburn
Sheehan j
IBuliman
•Coupled with Prestome.
Time— l-16. :064: 3-16, :18Vi: 7-16, :424. Winner, L. H. Eaell's eh. g. by Riley-Innovation.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Innovator was best. Bathos Is Improving. Belle of Palo Alto is fast, but is green.
Scratched— Ella I...l and 114, Mortgage 109.
PtO'T FOURTH RACE— Futurity course, selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Km.
Vim.
Km.
Str.
ES2 Ann Page 108 6
576 Sidelong 101 5
' 429 Bonlbel 107 8
683 Napian 109 1
671 Gilt Edge...; 11l 2
664 Master Buck. 198 4
819 Petal 107 7
692 tiora Caesar 107 3
664 Engea : 107 8
3 4*"
22
5 4
1 h
6 h
81
4 Vi
7 h
9
2 h
1 1
4 h
3 li
6 Vi
7 1
5 Vi
8
>
1 Vi
2 4
3 2
4 Vi
5 1
7 I
6 Vi
- ■ 8 *•--:.
9
1 2
2 1
3 Vi
4 Vi
61
6.2
.71 .
.8
9
ojwncer
Bullman
Jones
Thorpe
E. Cochran...
H. Martin
: Hennessy ....
[Rutter
[J. Daly
6-5
6
7
10
20
5-2
15
6
60
6-5
6
12
7
26
7-2
2.'.
12
150
Time— To K. :22; to 4. :464; last £, 1:02; short X, I:l2V*. Winner, Franklin & Mackey's
eh. f. by St. Carlo-Miss Annie. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ann Page was all the best. Bonlbel ran gamely. Master Buck was short of speed. UA'";.
CQO FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.]
Vim.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
. ,_ 
887 lmela, 6 104
642 Topmast, 6 119
674 Frohman, 4 104
543 Coda, 1 101 '
(545) Heigh Ho, 4 18
667 Alicia, 6 10.'.
673 Rosemald. 4 ■{
679 None Such. 4 10*1
4
6
7
I
5
1
8
2
24
6h
4.4
3 1
8
1 4
7 h
5 1
14.
J*
2 1
6 h
6 Vi
3 1
7 1
8
2 2
3 1
1 h
6 1
6 1
4 4
72
8
1 1 V.
2 Vi
3 1
4 4-
-5 Vi
6 1
7 1
8
- 1 1
2 1
3 h
4 2
6 1%
« 1
7 1
8
ii. .'lauill
W. H. Martin
[3. Re iff ....;.
E. J0ne5......]
in
7 10
3 16-5
6-5 6-6
20 30
5-2 8-2
8 12
20 40
15 40
Gray;:...;..,.
|Powell ........
Time— 4. :13K: %, .37%; %. 1:02; %. 1:27%. Winner. F. M. Taylor's br. g. by Ben All-
Prose. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving. V '.':•>.'
Bcnamela surprised his; stable connections. Topmast should have won. Spencer was
pocketed at head of stretch. Frohman was heralded as the good thing. -
Scratched— Kamsln 103. Lady Britannic 101, New Moon 104, Lomo 103. Castake 100.
CIOQ SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. \
Km.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
I. Jockeys.
C. 510 an.:.....
Vim.
ES7 Mldlight. 5 110) 3 \ ...
687 Highland Ball,. 4. . .11*;. 5 \ ...
673 Cyril, 4.. 113 2 \ ...
613 Mainstay, a 120 1 \ ...
434 Howard, a 117 4 \ ...
452 Dick Warren. 5 117; 6 \ ...
687 Mldlight. 5 110) 3 \ ... 34 3h 2h Ins C. 510 an.:..... ] 4-6 4-6
E^7 Highland Ball,. 4...116) 5 \ ... .1 4 in 12 2n , Spencer ....... 3 «
673 Cyril, 4.. 113 - \ ... 2h 2 1 3h 32 Bullman 2 9-5
513 Mainstay, a 120 1 \ ... 4Vi 4Vi 4Vi 44 Thorpe -6 13
434 Howard, a 117 4 \ ... 31 54 53 58 Powell ........ 16 40
452 Dick Warren, 5 117| 8 \ ... 6 -6 6 6 Beauchamp .. 80 200
Time— K. :22; to Vi, :454; last %, 1:01: short K. 1:11VL Winner, F. J. Kittleman's br.
m. by Imp. Midlothian-Electric Light. Good start. Won first three driving. •
The winner was nicely rated. Highland Ball was the recipient of a splendid ride. Cyril
ran his race. \ * .1_ ' : „ ■
Scratched— Rey Hooker 104, Fly 112, Faversham 104, Nora Ives 94, Clarando 99-
-3 4
■ 14
2 h
44
3 1
6
3 h
1 n
2 1
4 Vi
5 4
■ 6
2 h .
1 2
3 h
4 vi
53
6
1 ns
2 n ,
3 2
4 4
.- 5 8
6
Spencer .......
Bullman ;;.;;.
Thorpe
Powell ........
[Beauchamp ..
cess training the Daly horees. and that
most of them are fit and ready for the
question first time out speaks well for the
veteran's ability. As ho led Gualala from
the paddock Dan told a questioner that
she was fast but very erratic.
Spencer rode two winners and on three
occasions finished third.
Al Stanford, the steeplechase rider, is
trying for reinstatement. He was set
down for a rlae on Silverado at Ingleslde
about a year ago. Al says he informed
the judge's at the time that the horse was
not fit, and wanted him excused, but was
prevailed upon to start and not spoil the
race. If this Is really the case the ruling
was assuredly an unjust one. Some years
ago Stanford was badly injured in a race,
and a bonesetter who probably acquired
his knowledge setting tires in a country
blacksmith shop made a bad botch of it,
leaving him crippled for life. He always
enjoyed a good reputation, and it looks a
case where leniency might be shown.
To-Day's Entries.
First Rare— Futurity rourse; maidens; three
year-old colts and geldinns.
... Guatemoc 11D. 676 Nilgar 122
124 Rey del Rio 122 47fi Tlt* Minister. ...l 22
666 Portli n? B9T Btdelon« 119
EM fllcngaber 112 076 Romany 113
554 Master Le« 119
Second Race— Five furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
649 Grandezia US E94 Cyaro 113
MS Anchored ltH f.77 Espirando 113
585 Don Gara 120 070 Deau Monde 11G
: US Melv. Hurnham.ll6 577 Colonial Dame. .lll
<576)Uacivan 101 5?2 Campus 104
594 Schnitz 121 593 Yaruba 101
Third Raw— Seven furlongs; selling; three
ypar-oids.
PS2 Ocorona ...1"7I 576 Bid Me 107
BSS Itninler 1»9 459 Stromo 109
US espionage W7 ... MtonUnua 112
579 rcti-r Weber.. ..loß 571 OUt Edge 103
Monda ion F.S2 Whalebaek 113
(581)Slr I'rlan 103' SB4 Diara 112
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; sell-
Ing:: four-year-olds and upward.
SBS Nonchalance ...1031 570 Alvero ?
(547)T0m Cromwell.. ll4 181 Guilder 106
(S76)Billy McCloskeylH (555) Lady Hurst 104
D 35 Kobert Bonner..lll l (s6s)Mlstleton 109
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
E57 Morlnga 106 (Wl)Capttve 103
(574) Cromwell 112 CTO Thyne '"
-SSC Bernardino 105 :>74 David Tenny .. ..11;!
j Sixth Race— Five furlonps; four-year-olds and
upward: Owners' Handicap.
... Fißaro 80: 43S I Pon't Know.. ss
661 Sly H 577 Fly 88
371 Miss Rowena.... SO (587)l'eixotto 80
(56S)Abuse 80
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Nilsar, Rey del Rio, Tho Min
ister.
Second Race— Campus, Anchored, Yaruba.
Third Race— Whaleback, Sir Urian, Mon
tanufi.
Fourth Race— Lady Hurst, Tom Cromwell,
MlEtleton.
Fifth Race— Tenny, Cromwell, Ber
nardillo.
Sixth Race— Abuse, Miss Rowena, I Dont
Know. •:'.•-,'
REES IN THE STAND.
Will Assume His Duties at New Or
leans Track To-Day.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 30.— Weather
cloudy; track Blow. Morning and Muska
dine were the only winning- favorites.
Captain James H. Rees. who has accepted
the place in the stand made vacant by the
resignation of S.O. Rankin, is expected to
assume his duties to-morrow. Results:
First race, selling, seven furlon^F— Ben Frnst
woo, The Star of Bethlehem second, Henrlca
third. Time, 1:31.
Second race, selling, one mile— Morning won,
Castine second. Volandies third. Time, 1:4V~.
Third race, mile and thmo-sixteenths— Gomez
won, Button second, Jo Sheibv third. Time
Fourth raoe, handicap, nrif mile — Muskadlne
won. Sea Robber second, Moroni third. Time,
1:41%.
Fifth racr, nelling. fix and a half furlongs-
Brighton won, Hanlon second. Fetiche third
Time, 1:231-2.
Sixth nee, selling, six and a half furlongF—
General Macea won, BonJen second. Sister Alice
third. Time. 1:23\.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. R .schild. 211 Sutler, rooms 6-7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
OTJTSIDE inST .A. IDE^.D CA.ILA£.
OXJITE a number of vessels were outside last night. As there was no wind and the captains would not ac
cept a tow all the crews could do was to whistle for a breeze. The William H. Smith, from Philadelphia,
accepted the assistance of a tug and came to anchor during the afternoon off Folsom-street wharf.
A FLEET OFF
THE PORT IN
A DEAD CALM
Nearly All of Them
Are Coasters.
CENTRAL AMERICAN SHIPPING
CAPTAIN OF THE CURACAO
WRITES FROM GUAYMAS.
Arrival of the William H. Smith
From Philadelphia — Collision
Between the Steamers
Homer and Al-Ki.
A big flret of vessels made port yester
day, and a great many more had to re
main outside because their captains would
not accept a tow. Among those that
came in Kfiv the ship William H. Sml* 1.
147 days from Philadelphia, and the bark
Gatherer from" Tacoma. Four schooners
also came in with the tide during the
morning, and no less than twelve steam
'■rs. All of these were coasters, the ma
jority being lumber laden.
At noon the wind fell to a dead calm,
and at that time a British ship, the ship
Columbia, barks Big Bonanza and Charles
B. Kenney, barkentine Archer and
schooner Parkersburg were off shore from
eight to ten miles to the southwest. All
of them are coasters save the British
ship and the barkentine Archer from
Honolulu.
The steamer Humboldt is back in the
Klondike trade after being laid up for
the winter. She sailed tor Seattle last
Sunday, and will make her first trip to
Skaguay early next week. Max Kalish,
the popular agent of the vessel, has been
seriously ill, but was able to be about
again yesterday for the first time in a
week.
A week ago a short telegram to the
Merchants' Kxchange from Seattle stated
that the steamers Al-Ki and Homer had
been in collision. From the Seattle pa
pers it was learned that both vessels were
seriously damaged. The Al-Ki was mak
ing port after a rough trip from Skaguay,
and the Homer, loaded down with frelent
and passengers, was backing out from her
wharf. The British gunboat Pheas
ant was anchored between the two ves
sels, and the captain of the Al-Ki could
not locate the Homer until too late. \».e
Homer was cut down below the water's
edge, and it was only by shifting cargo
and giving the vessel a heavy list mat
she was kept afloat. She was cut down
three feet below the water line, and will
take several weeks to repair. The Al-Ki
had her stem knocked off and she also
had to go on the drydock foF overhauling.
The blame seems to rest with the aI-KI.
Captain Jensen of the Homer said: "I
backed out from the wharf in the usual
way. When four minutes out 1 Dlew a
single blast of my whistle, as a vessel
teemed to be coming our way Just be
yond the gunboat. We had turned per
haps five degrees and the Homer was ly
inp practically still. The Al-Ki's whistle
answered, and as he seemed to be coming
ahead too fast I gave the danger signal.
The collision followed."
Captain yon Helms of the Pacific Steam
ship Company's Curacao, writing from
Cuityamas, says that northwest gales
have been very prevalent in the Gulf of
California of late. "On January 23, when
off Palpito Point," he writes, "we struck
a heavy northwest gale, which compelled
us to anchor In Gipsum Cove, San Marcos
Island. We had to stay there from 10
a. m. on the 23d until 4 a. m. on the 25th.
A landing at Santa Rosalia was out of
the question. At Santa Rosalia northwest
gales have blown with exceptional force,
and shipping has" been greatly interfered
with. When we arrived there no work
had been done for three days, and we had
barely time to unload and loud again be
fore the storm was once more raging.
"The German bark Planet arrived at
Mazatlan, 139 days from Hamburg on Jan
uary 14 with general merchandise.
"The schooner Rebecca, formerly re
fiorted waterlogged at Esptritu Santo
sland, is now at La Paz, repairing. It
was found that only her topsides leaked,
and when all her cargo, except thirty tons
of machinery, had been taken out it was
quite easy to pump her dry. She will now
be calked and proceed about her business.
Her cargo will probably be sold, as a gen
eral average has been declared.
"The British ship Heathbank arrived at
Santa Rosalia from Cardiff January 9,
after a passoge of 158 days. She will go to
Astoria for orders. The British ship Port
Caledonia, from Cardiff, 142 days, and the
French steamer Parihaba, seventy-six
days from Hamburg, also arrived at
Santa Rosalia on January 21 and 14 re
spectively. The Parihaba takes a load of
copper ore to Buenos Ayres, where she
will load hides for Kurope.
"The American schooner Maweema ar
rived at Santa Rosalia on January 4, and
as yet has only got rid of her deckload
on account of the prevailing northwest
Btorms. She will go to Port Townsend.
"The Danish bark Elsie arrived at
Guaymas from Mazatlan on January 1.
After discharging the balance of her
cargo she will go to Puerto Arena, Costa
Rica, to load for Europe."
Full particulars of that alleged "strange
case on the Maripopa," which appeared in
laat evening's papers, were given in The
Call of January 12.
The British ship City of York,
which left Liverpool September 15, arrived
in port last night. James Davies, one of
the crew, died on the voyage. He was a
native of England and was 57 years of
age. The British ship Ditton, from' Ant
werp, also made port last night. The Dit
ton left Newcastle, England. August 20.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 30.— A. Thomp-
son, agent here of the Coast Seamen's
Union, said to-day: "Unless the Ship
owners' Association gives up trying to put
scab seamen on coasting vessels a general
strike will be ordered and every sailing
vessel on the const will he tied up as soon
as she gets into port. The union men will
not accept less than $40 per month."
"BABY" GIBSON IS HERE.
Follows Jimmy Michael to Town
Looking for a Race.
Harry M. Gibson of Cincinnati arrived
here yesterday and is stopping at the Pal
ace. He is a famous bicycle racer and is
best known as "Baby" on account of his
extreme youth.
Gibson is 16 years of age, 5 feet 2 inches
in height and only weighs 97 pounds, so
that he is a second Michael. His first
season on the path was in 1897, when he
won as an amateur in eighteen firsts,
nineteen seconds and nine thirds against
all the amateur cracks of the Eastern
circuit. In 1898 he won the five-mile na
tional amateur championship in the
world's record time of 9:43.
He then turned professional and took
on a ten mile match with "Plugger" Bill
Martin, who cleaned out Australia by de
feating every rider of note there. Martin
while in San Francisco on his way East
beat "Bob" Terrill in a match race. "Ba
by" Gibson finished Martin off handily,
beating him a twelfth of a mile, the last
half and quarter of the race being ridden
in world's record time— 47 for the half
and 23 for the quarter. And his after rid
ing nearly ten miles.
He holds the world's amateur record of
50 seconds lor a half mile, two miles in
3-52, five miles in 9:43. He twice tied the
mile record of 1:43. He rides a wheel
geared to K>2 in all his races.
Gibson heard that Jimmy Michael had
come to California, so he followed him.
He Is after Michael's scalp in a match
race at any distance from ten to thirty
three miles, and can get backing for any
amount that he can defeat him. The
champion will probably give him a
chanc* Gibson said thnt Harry klkos,
another of his and Michael's rivals, was
als-o on his way here and thought then
might be "something doing if they could
d Charles Ward, who accompanies Gibson
as trainer, handled "Major" Taylor, the
colored boy wonder, who reduced the
worTd's mile record to 1:32 Ward may
send Gibson after this record on the San
Jose track and is confident he can land it
WILLIAM M. EDGAR IS
SICK AND IN NEED
WAS AT ONE TIME AUDITOR OF
THIS CITY.
Will Be Taken to the County Hospi
tal, Where He Hopes to
Recover.
William M. Edgar, who has been a well
known figure about town for many years
and who at one time was Auditor of this
city and county, lies sick and destitute
in a miserable room in a Third street
lodging house. He was taken with an at
tack of inflammatory rheumatism on De
cember 18 last and has been confined to
the room since that time. He is unable
to walk and when not In bed sits in a
chair waiting for the night to come,
when he finds surcease from his suffer
ing in sleep. The proprietor of the house
says that Mr. Edgar is .suffering for the
commonest necessaries of life ana his
rent is over a month in arrears. He says
that his lodger has food sent to him by
some friend, but this has been sometimes
but one meal a day.
He will probably be taken to the City
and County Hospital to-day, where he can
regain his health.
It is just another sad story of a once
prosperous man who has been reduced to
want. Time was when William Edgar
was a prince among good fellows. He is
now '55 years of age and suffering has sil
vered his hair and changed him so that
his nearest friends would not know him.
He came to this city in 1864 from Lex
ington, Mo., and after occupying various
positions he entered the Auditor's office
as clerk under Monroo Ashbury in the
seventies. He was head deputy under
George F. Maynard, Colin M. Boyd and
John P. Dunn.
In ISB2 h« ran for the office on the Dem
ocratic tlckci and was elected against
Henry Brickwedel, the incumbent and a
popular man, by the largo majority of
4790 votes in a total of 89,000 oast. Al
though Edgar made an excellent record
the bosses in control at that time would
not give him the nomination at the
next election berau.so he was not amena
ble to them. He run independently and a
vote of nearly 11. OH) attested his great
popularity. After his defeat he eschewed
politics and accepted a position with the
Navarro Mill Company in Mendocino
County. He was with that concern for
some time. Five years ago ho had the first
attack of the illness which has now pros
trated him, but his attending physician,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«+■+»■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■
BUY NO BELT!
j| TILL mL \
i i PIERCES." PIERCES." ! i
I I E7 Cajl or Writ* for Book No. 3.
:: PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
, , 620 Market Street, Opposite Palaoe Hotel, San Frenctsoo, , .
Dr. Simpson, pronounced it a mild case
and he was cured in a short time. The
present attack is more severe and inca
pacitates him entirely. He is certain,
however, that if he can enter the hospital
he will recover.
ARE NOW LIVING IN
DELIGHTFUL HARMONY
THE LEJEALS NO LONGER WISH
TO BE SEPARATED.
Divorce Proceedings Dismissed and
a Discordant Note Gives Way to
a Soft Sweet Tone.
The discordant note that was struck by
Aloysius P. Lejeal, the talented local mu
sician, when he instituted proceedings
against his wife Louise for divorce in Oc
tober last, was dispelled yesterday by
Attorney J. W. Bourdette, who appeared
before Judge Troutt and dismissed the
suit, and now all is harmony in their
household.
When the action was filed, Mrs. Lejeal
was living in Erie. Pa. Upon learning of
the harsh charges made against her by
her husband in his complaint, she hurried
home to contest his right to a separation.
While waiting for tho case to come to
trial, the husband learned to his sorrow
that he hail misjudged his wife. He re
gretted that hf listened to the idle gossip
of Mrs. Lejears alleged friends and set
about to repair the injury done her.
"With the assistance of his own attorney
and his wife's counsel an amicahle settle
ment was reached and now the principals
arc united.
No more will he listen to the "friends"
of his wife, and she— well, she intends
snubbing them on sight.
CHINESE BUREAU CASE.
Collector Jackson the Last Witness
Called in Defense of Meredith.
Special Agents Linck and Smith finished
the taking of testimony into the peculiar
methods and the alleged bribery and cor
ruption in the Chinese Bureau. Chief
Meredith was before them all of last Sat
urday and explained as best he could why
he had given the benefit of the doubt in
all cases to the Chinese slave brokers in
stead of to the Government. Yesterday
forenoon was taken up with the examina
tion of Collector Jackson, who as head of
the. bureau is responsible for all its sins.
Mr. Jackson defended Meredith on every
proposition. With reference to the es
cape of Fong Suey Wan he said that if
there was any blame for her escape it
should be divided equally among Major
Moore, Chief Meredith. Judge Heacock
and the United States District Attorney's
office. He said also that Major Moore
had informed him that if Meredith had
made any mistake in that matter It was
merely a technical one, and was not proof
of an abandoned and depraved heart.
This morning fhe investigation into the
private love affairs of Major Moore will
begin. Mrs. Sallie C. Pickens. his bru
nette typewriter, and two other lady
typewriters in the Appraisers' building,
will be called in and will tell what they
know about the amorous personal equa
tion of the major during office hours.
MADE A HIT IN BOSTON.
Constance Tippett Captures the Classic
City With a Musical
Composition.
Another California girl has come to the'
front, this time winning fame In classic
Boston.
Miss Constance Tippett, daughter of o
well-known singer long conected with
Grace Church, produced her first musical
effort on Thursday evening, January 12,
--at tho Biiou Opera-house in Boston, win
nine from all the critics much merited
praise.
Miss Tippett's operetta, "Strawberry
Leaves," is a good-natured satire upon
the mercenary matchmaking: of rich
American Kirls and impecunious Euro
pean noblemen. Both score and book are
the work of the gifted young Callfor
nienne. The operetta, presented by a cast
including twelve prominent amateurs and
a chorus made up of twenty-four society
girls, was given for the benefit of the
Massachusetts Home for Intemperate
Women, Roxbury.
Twenty musicians from the Boston
Symphony Orchestra furnished the or
chestral accompaniment, and James Gil
bert, who has been for some years the
trainer of the Hasty Pudding theatricals,
managed the affair.
The fair young authoress took charge of
the leading role in the operetta and
scored as highly as a performer as she
did as a composer.
Short Orders at Campi's.
Any two 15c dishes, with coffee, 25c.
106-108 Q'Farrell, opposite Orpheum. •
More Bankrupts.
United States District Judge de Haven
!id a rushing business yesterday amonf, 4
that class of indigents known as bank
rupts. He declared George E. White, th
Mendocino County cattle king, a bank
rupt, no objection having been made by
the creditors. Petitions were receiver!
from the following: Luigi Barbiere & Co..
gardeners, San Francisco, liabilities $1812.
assets $540; Lester B. Harden, farmer, of
Perm Grove, Sonoma County, liabilitiej
s293o, assets $945; George McGlauflln.
blacksmith and carriage-maker, San Jose,
liabilities $9739, assets none; Jeremiah
O'Connor, San Francisco, liabilities $2079.
no assets.
SOLDIERS ARRIVE TO-DAY.
Twenty-Second Infantry Will Sail
for Manila To-Night.
The Twenty-second United States In
fantry, Colonel H. C. Egbert, win arrive
at Oakland this morning from Fort
Crook, Neb. The regiment is recruited tc
its maximum strength. There will be no
delay in getting it away, as the troops
will be marched directly from the ferry
boat to the Senator and Ohio. These
two transports will in all probabllitv sal
to-night. The men and officers of U>e
Twentieth Infantry, who were left bf
hind, with the recruits for the regular
regiments at Manila will also sail with
the Twenty-second Infantry. From the
fact that General Shatter has received
word that no further accommodations are
to be accorded to the families of volun
teer officers at Manila, it is thought that
the Government intends in the near fu
ture to bring back the volunteer troops.
In this connection a movement is al
ready on foot to give suca a reception to
the First when it returns the like oi
which San Francisco has never seen be
fore and will never see again. A meeting
will be held in Native Sons' Hall this
evening by the relatives and parents of
the boys of the First to take" such final
steps as may be necessary to have the
Secretary of War bring home the regi
ment, and later in the woek Mayor Phe
lan and General Dickinson and other
prominent citizens will meet for the pur
pose of making arrangements for the re
ception to be given the First.
Dr. George C. Pardee,
Eye, Ear. Nose and Throat, haa removed
to Chronicle buildinsr. second floor. •
Morphine in the Powders.
The sleeping powders which were found
in the room of Mortimer A. Plumley, who
died suddenly Saturday, were analyzocl by
Dr. Crackbon yesterday, and it was found
that they contained morphine. It is be
lieved that Plumley took an overdose.
Deputy Coroner McCormiek visited the
room of the deceased last evening and
found a bottle of port wine and another of
cantharides. The wine will be analyzed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Neglect of a Cold \ often
results in a Chronic Throat
Trouble.
Brown's
(OF BOSTON)
give prompt and effective
relief, and are not injurious.
" find them the best preparation
for colds, coughs and asthma."
MRS. S. A. WA TSON, I
Temperance Lecturer,
Observe Fac-Simile Signature of
on wrapper of every box.
A Single Spark Left
Is the means of re-klndllng a fire. So long at
there is life there is hope. Nothing seems half
W bad as NERVOUS DEBILIf V, whether
X caused by mental strain, over-work, over-worry
or in any form or function by FAST.
LIVING TOO FAST.
The terrible train of symptoms are only too well
known: flushes and chills, tired brain and back,
eour temper, insomnia, languor, stomach and
bowel trouble, failing strength, etc., sometimes
ending In mania or paralysis, and even in these
conditions there is certain recovery If the nerve-
iparlc be re-Wndled, toned and Invigorated.
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS
Tone up the system, give prompt relief to insom-
nia and failing memory, repair the waste and
drain of vital powers Incurred by indiscretion or
excesses, bring back vigor and potency to every
function, ward off Insanity and consumption.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents » 6 Boxen at •2.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure, or
Vital Enerey. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building, Chicago, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
I tried Ely's Cream , jf^tLv^^.
Balm, and to all ap- •• . '/&6ljif
pearances am cured of f c^a^bCOlDl
catarrh. The terrible /R *%<& JjUiSI
headaches from which £?*«*« W&&7
I long suffered are f> H*V#
gone. — W. J. Hitchcock, C^ ,*>■$ M
late Major U. S. Vol. TPjS^I
and A. A. Gen., Buffalo, JxsQ£iv<\
Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief ia
immediate and a cure follows. It is not dry-
ing—does not produce sneezing. Large, 50c;
Trial Size, 10c: at Druggists or t>y mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St., New Tork.
000000000000000009
V** PALACE '-""a
iGRANDmmkMI
X BAH FttAttCI&CO, 2
J* Connected by a covered pauinciwar. *J
5 1400 Rootns-000 With Bath Attached* J
A , All tfn4«r On* Management. Q
f» , : KOTK Tltfl PBIOSS: Q
Z European Plan. Bl.oo par day and npwd 2
S Americaa Plftt\.fB.<>o p«r day and -upward *J|
Q OMTMpotidcnc6 Solicited. n
Z XV& 0. tlKiPAraiOK. Mtaifu. ..vj
Sjq o oaQoocoaoooQo o 9
Vt*£§£k>lb&&n a Blk f ls - a non-pclnonooß
*Pj&a93P**^^!M remedy for Uonorrhoea.
J^KrGVßEti^m Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
#9ri Ito ortays.^B Whltoß, unnatural dig-
Mfmm Qn»r»nued Hi charges, or anr inflamma-
IVfl net to strietsre. tlon, irritation or ulcer*-
W* WPrtreota contatton. tlon of mucous mem-
■PJ»ITHEEYANSCHEMir*LCo. branes. Non-astringent.
VH% CINCINNATI, P.— Sold by Dr»g»i«l*,
v|^^^ C. 3. i. 7s\ ov Bfnt in plain wrapper,
jS§§a^^_*^ii b 7 «P n «i prepaid, fol
vSrataV^H 11-00, or s bottle*, $2.75.
, *tr%SjffflgllPfy ■ Circniar sent oa i*».as%
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual oryana. ••- Depot. 323 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
lln. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
• EVERY EVENIXG —
■Offenbach's Celebrated Comic Opera,
"LA PERICHOLE"
(The Street Singer),. ;
Presented with the Strongest Singing Company
• . \ in America.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2P. M. .
NEXT , WEEK— The Comedy Opera. '<
MADELEINE! OR THE
Itl/\liclul:iiil-» * magic kiss.
By STRANGE and EDWARDS, authors and
composers of "THE WEDDING DAY."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 600
N. B.— A reserved Beat for the matinee... 2sc
Our Telephone, Bush 9. , ;,
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Elec- J^^^^^^k Doctor
triclty , m£ fiweany**
or /«£» v. Combined
Medicine WvL £e3& 435&& Electro-
When VfW V" 1 Medical
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
.- COMBINED TREATMENT
-£F THE GREAT CURATIVE POV^R^.
Never Fails to Cure Any Curable Disease.
This treatment combines the two greatest
factors of the healing art— Electricity and
Medicine. Electricity Is the acknowledged
greatest power on earth. When used alone It
has a very beneficial effect on many diseases;
but when scientifically combined with the
proper medicines and administered by an ex-
perienced and competent physician, cures ara
effected when all other methods had failed.
MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT
Restores lost vigor and vitality to weak men.
Organs of the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indis-
cretions are restored to perfect health and
strength through this new and original sys-
tem of treatment. RUPTURE cured by this
new method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
ing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. LADIES will receive special at-
tention for all their many ailments. "WRITE if
you cannot call. He will also send you a valu-
able book, "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY. M.D.. 737 Market at..
San Francisco. Cal. .
AMUSEMENTS.
Offi&f!A| =
George H. Broadhurst's Mirthful Plenitude.
"*^ A Great
/why\ Cast>
/ cum ITU \ lDC '" di °
I m■ ■ " MACLVN
I LEFT Jabbuckle.
V HOME/ Mrs. Annie
\HOME/ Yearaanc.
\Bl X& IVI WmM Dorothy Usner,
.^k ■ .■• . -^T Rose Stuart,
_^^ Blanch Chap-
s'.',; '^^^Mos!^^^ man, etc.
COLUMBIA^
—LAST 5 NIGHTS AND MATINEE SAT—
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
FRANK DANIELS
And His Comic Opera Company,
.In the Season's Greatest Hit, ; -
••• 1 rm.»»»
IDOL'S EYE.
——NEXT MONDAT,
LOUIS JAMES. KATHRYN KIDDER, FRED-
..,.;■. -.;,■; ERICK WARUE.
7— NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS!— T
The High-Claas Comedy Artists,
MILTON AND DOLLY NOBLES.
In the Roaring Farce, "Why Walker
Reformed."
Th« European Concert Star, GIACINTA
DELLA ROCCO, Celebrated Viollniste.
DERENDA AND BREEN. Club Jugglers.
WILLIE OZEOLA, Balancing Acrobat.
Rice's Rag-time Opera, "CLORINDY."
WILSON AND LEICESTER. Operatic Stars.
MAX CINCINATI and MUSICAL AVOLOS,
Xylophone Wonders.
Reserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR^THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT SS*
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
BEAUTIFUL COMEDY DRAMA,
PEACEFUL
VALLEY!
£g% PRICES fgg
Next Week— "A BACHELOR'S HONEY-'
M""N.
CONCERTS AND B.ESOBTS.
SHERMAIf^
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT
GRAND CONCERT!
MME. AGNES FRIED, Soprano,
Assisted by GIULIO MINETTI, Violinist, and
HILDA NEWMAN. Pianlste.
LAST CONCERT SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
■ At 2:30
Admission. Including Reserved Seat, $1. Seat*
on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co. 'B.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Monday and Wednesday evenings and Satur-
day afternoon, February 6, 8 and 11.
C MADAME TEKEBA J^^^
CarrenO
WORLD'S GREATEST PIANISTE!
Seats now on sale at the San Francisco
Music Co.. 225 Sutter street.
PRICES |l. $150, *3.
CHICKERINO PIANO USED.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning MONDAT,
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY, Feb. 4, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:80, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
■••''•".• ' 1 Fit/ •' • --
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HOR3'g9.
mqnulty:
ri^HIS WELL-KXOWJS AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist ct/rrj Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Alen, free. Over 2oy'rV experience.
Patients cured Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t0 3 da11y; 6.30 to S:3O ev'gs. Sundays, Iotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddresi
P. ROBCOE MeXUI/TY, 31.D.
26% Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OK THE MARKETS.
Silver declined.
Wheat and Parley futures lower.
Oats Corn and Rye dull.
Hay unsettled.
Bran and Middlings weak.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butt- nd Eggs lower.
Two i-ars of Eastern Poultry sold.
Game dull and weak.
A Prune association being formed.
Dried Peaches scarce and high in New Tork.
Provision* unchanged.
Boca tirm.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 30, 1599, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
•all-. as compared with those of same date
Jast season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hour.- :
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 17.30 18.C9
Red Bluff 0.00 13.03 6.62
Sacramento 0.00 7.55 : 5.36
Ban Francisco 0.00 7.i'.7 6.19
Fresno 0.00 3.72 2.31
Fan Luis Obispo 0.00 6.P2 2.56
L s Angeles 0.00 • 2. 53 - 3.79
Han Diega 0.00 3.41 3.12
Yuma 0.08 1.33 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72; Inlmuin, 50; mean. til.
WEATHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally < loudy over the
Pacific slope, and light rain has fallen on the
extreme northwest const of Washington and
in northern Utah and snow in Wyoming.
The pressure has fallen in all districts west
of the Rocky Mountains, the greatest fall being
In Washington.
The temperature has changed but Bligbuy
•west of the Rooky Mountains, while it has
fallen dei Idedly to 'the east of them.
A storm appears to t>e approaching the
Washington coast, but as yet It is too dis
tant to loreoast its direction or intensity.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
hourk ending midnight, January 31. 1599:
Northern California— Cloudy and somewhat
threatening on the northern coast Tuesday;
cooler in the interior; light variable winds.
Southern California— Cloudy ana threatening,
•with showers in the mountains Tuesday; fresh
north wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.
lTtah -Cloudy Tuesday; probably SHOW in
the mountains.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
i^an Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
rrobably becoming threatening In the evening;
lght variable winds.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— wind
north. 22 milrs; temperature, 62; maximum
temperature, 66.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30. — The movement of
stock prices to-day was extremely variable and
after alternate strength and depression, the
market left off firm with mixed changes
averaging above Saturday's final quotations.
The apply of nioney continue. abundant at
reasonable rates and was unaffected by Feb
ruary dividend an.l Interest requirements. Gold
to the amount of J575.000 was engaged for im
port and cable advices were that »3...'>".w0 of
*o!d had been purchased In London tor Amer
tca. The periodical railway earnings reports
that appeared were grutltying. The volume
of business was again over a million shares and
becuuse of the continued activity ol the market
v number ol commission li.mis.-s work employes
In .-i.ms. Lonuon was a buyer on balance
to-day, particularly of Northern Pactnc and
Headings and sola Union Pacific and Louls
villes. There was considerable shifting of
commission house accounts from one stock to
*noth-.-r with a preponderance of buying or
ders, which tor a time more than offset the at
tacks ol the reactionists. Sugar was actively
traded in and lifted on some rumors of an
arrangement with the Glucose Sugar Uetinery
Company. At the same time there were
denials from various sources of a prospective
agreement with local rival companies.' Dis
closurea made by the Plttsburg, Cincinnati,
Chicago ana St. Louis minority interests were
construed as favorable and resulted In a sharp
advance in the stock, part Ol which was lost
on realizing. Gossip had it that Northern Pa
cific was in control of the party In favor of
larger dividends and that tne stock was re
ceiving pool support. Unconfirmed stories of
the likelihood ol the resignation of the presi
dent of tne Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and
St. Louis • akened that stock somewhat. Con
solidated Gas Jumped 8 points on assertions
that a partial union ot the gas interests on
Manhattan Island had been effected. The sen-
Batlunal advances were those of Tennessee
Cual and Iron preferred, 10; Great Northern
preferred, 7V4. and Colorado Fuel' and Iron, a.
Realizations and new bear aggression brought
bbout heaviness, but strength in the special
ties and the Southwestern group steadied the
market, which resumed its upward course.
The grangers, after periods of Inactivity, rose
moderately. Western Union and Reading is
sues were also lifted. Front taking again en
couraged a smart raid on values, effecting
numerous declines. Oeneral recoveries ensued
In the :lnal dealings, and the market closed
firm. - m :-.
The bond market developed considerable ir
regularity to-day, but the variations for the
moet !>nrt W«re unimportant outside of Texas
Pacific seconds. Total sales, $6.29." .■
United States fiv. s registered declined % and !
Bvea coupon '4 in the bid price.
Total sal s. of stork to-day. 1,040,000 shares,
including: Atehison. 15.855; Atchison preferred,
E.SOO; Central . l'acitic. 38,620; Uurlington. Ui,.T»U;
Qreat Northern preferred 3Sot>: Louisville and
Nashville, 22.215: Manhattan, 15.325; Metropoli- I
tan. C 553; Reading iT.-ferred. 13.110; Missouri
l'aciflc, 14.000; Missouri, Kansas and Texas |
preferred, 21.930; New York Central, 4128; j
Northern Pacific 52.966; Northern Pacific pre
lerr<-ii, 9675; Rock 1.-land. S6:;d; St. Louis and
Southwestern Beci nd preferred. 26,405; Union j
Pacific, 2L'.:too: I'nlon Pacific prPierred, 12,225;
St. Paul, 39.417; Southern Pacific. 41,580: '
Southern, 17.210; Southern preterred, 20.953;
Texas and Pacific, In.ij2."»; Paper. IS8I; Cotton !
Oil. 27,1(Ki; American Sit>!rits, 3WW; Steel. 31,120; j
Bteel i'referi".l. 30,52<J; People's Gas, 19,300; |
Brooklyn Transit. 10,300; Pacific Mall, 20,843; ,
Bugar, .'.4,320; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 18.610;
Leather preferred, 4070; Rubber, 7000; Western !
Union. 7-167: St. Louis and Southwest. 16.242;
ft. l^-iuis and Southwest preferred, 22,079; Chi- '
cago and Great Western, 14.C35.
(I.<>.si.\<; STOCKS.
Atchison 22% St Louis & S W... 10%
Do prefd (ii',» Do prefd -,-,
Baltimore & Ohio, 71 St Paul ua
.anada Pacific MJ'u Do preld lbS
Canada .Southern.. C<J St I* >v Qn> vt>&
Cent i'u' 51% Do pretci 17u
Ches Ac Ohio 2!l :io Pacific 42
Chi & Alton 170 Vi So Kailway la/i
pil H & y 137?»j Do preia 5t)»»
L'lii i: E 111 Texas 4fe Paciilc... ls-^
Do ]>r>-t<i 110 Union I'acitic...... 4,''.
Chi G W 17% Do preiu w^ ;
Chi Ir-.d & L....... it'ii U i'.iJ * O 13 j
. Do prefd 34 Wabash S% |
Chi & N W 14»'/b Do pretd 23;*
Do preid ..100 Wheel <b Lb! (new
C C V.& St L 56% stock) 12',»
Do prefd as Do . prefd (new
Del & Hudson 114',i stock) 34^
Del L & \V 167 Express Companies-
Den & Rio G 21 'Adams Ex UM
Do prefd 72,41 American Ex.. 142
Eric mew) 1"> : United states 5a
Do Ist prefd 41«4JWel!s Farg0. ......125
Ft Wayne 180 . Anscellarneoub—
i;t Nor prefd 172% A Cot Oil 37>,i
Hocking Val 2 : s Do prKd M)
Illinois Cent 120 Am Spirits 14 I
Lake Erie & W.... 20' : i Do j.reid 37% i
Do prefd...; 70 Ai.i Tobacco 146 Vi ;
Lake Sliore 200%! Do preld....: 137
Louis Nash, ex- iCons Gas U6%
dlv 66'4'Com Cable Co 190
Manhattan L.......114 Col F & Iron 3\\i
Met St Ry 218H| l<1 ' prefd ii 2 i
Mich Cent 115 Gen Electric... IH->; :
Minn & St L....... 44 'Haw Com Co .. 59V-. ■
Do Ist prefd 'JSU Brooklyn R T yj
Mo Pacific 47U lntl Paper f,5'4
Mobile A Ohio 3ti»i| Do prcrd.V.' 91 .
Mo X & T :'........ 14*8 LacleUe Gas XI'A
Do reM 3!i'i Lead .-;s "
X .1 Centra 1..::....102. .::....102 | Do prefd Itfl,
N V Central 13«% a 'Federal Steel 53V*
N V Clii fi St L... . Iti' a . Do prefd.......... SJ>%[
Do Ist prefd 70 Nat Lin 0i1..*.... 7 1
Do 2d prefd 36'^ Pact lie Mail 74i-i
Nor West lW'i I'eople'B Ga5....... 115% .
No Amer Co 7<* Pullman a| 166fc,
No 'Pacific Mvi Silver Certificates, .i'" .
Do prefd SO"4 standard IX a. T... 10Ji
Ontnrlo &■ W 23»4 Sugar 136
Or It & Nay 43.4 Do prefd ........113H
Or Short Line 43 T C ii. 1r0n.... 45»i
Pac c Ist pwfd..., X v s Leather; 7>,ij
Do' 21 prefd C 5 Do prefd 7.1%
Plttxburg ffl V X Rubber 621 i
Readinß 2*%| i Do prefd 117i4
Do -t prefd...:.. 63-\ West l/nion ' »6',i
X G W 40 |Or Nay preM 76
Do prefd 74 . Pacific Coast 4flV{
Hock Tsland 119%; Pacific Mail -6414
St I^ouijt fz B 1.... 14V4 Colo Southern su.
Do prefd 7314 Do Ist prefd C 3
Do 2d prefd 4JV4 Do 2<l prefd 22* i
CLOSING BONDS.
I' 5,3« Vu\ N V Central lets. .ll7';
U 8 new 43 reg....irMi XJC .':- 115
In coup 13OVs X Carolina fig 130
U S'.4s U2'i. I*o 45....... VH&
lxi coup 113.* No Pac 15ta. ..:... li")
I i,j 1d«. ........... 89,4 Do 3k..;..".. .'. 69V.
t" Hss re»c IJ2>- Do 45.. 102V4
r>o 6s couj 11314 N V <• ft; St i. 4?..107Ti
District 3.C5F 113 Nor * W C 5........129
Ala rlass A — ....107 [jJorthweutern c0n,144',i
Do B: 107 1 Do deb 55.. ...... .122
Do C 100 O Xnv t lsts 113U
I>.i Currency 100 Xav 4s 10:>
Atchlson <s 102 O B I*l ne 6r tr.....!30
Do .idj 4«. 83' i O S I,lne .".s tr 111%
Can So 2ds 111^ JtoudlnK 45....::... SSVi
r; & o 4Hs • 96% now i5t5. :..*...•. 94%
rhi T"rm '.if rSa',4 Bt L A I M con 6s.llO«i'
C\- Ohio CR -.119 St '■ <i- S F sen (is.l2S'^
m * D <H« 104% St J' '"on .'.W3
Ji gr f< G IBtB WBV9 St P C & P 18t«.'..113
■p & v G 4k.. l«l*f. Do 5h........:.w..121H
Kafit a*nn i8t8.....1(M«i So Ry 55.:..... 10G
Brio Gen 4u 74>..|Siari<] R'&,T 65... 9H
F W & D Ists tr.. SC'i Tcnn new Mt ia... M
. Gen Elec 5s U2»;,Tex'Pac L G lsts. .llo
UII&S A6s 108 i Do- Rfi 2d5...; 4S£ 1
Do Sda ....107 UPD & O Ists.... 90 !
tr& T C 55.. ...... 110 Wab 55... 114% t
I Do con 6s 110 Do 2ds 99V4
'■ lowa C lsts ...110 . W Sn»re 4s 1I2?4 i
iLa new con 4s. 10S»4 Vn Centuries 86 ;
L& N Unl 4s 96Vi Do deferred. 8 ■ !
i Missouri P Con 65.1141 i Cent lsts CO
M X & T 1d5...... 70Vi UP-45.;. 105 I
, Do 4s U3Ti I Colo Southern 45.. 87V4 :
- MINING STOCKS. \
Chollar ..:.. 20 Ontario ............ 550
I'rown Point ' 10 Ophlr 55
Con Cal &Va 1 Plymouth ..:....... 10
Deadwood ': .... 45 Quicksilver ........150 :
Gould & Curry -20 Do prefd..... 500 I
Hale & Norcross.. 7 Sierra Nevada* 75 '
Homestake • . . .50 00 Standard 210 '
Iron Silver 7S Union Con 33
Mexican 32 Yellow Jacket..... 15 '
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. (
Money— , Westingh Elec..'... 44*1
Call loan* ..'1...'.'. 2 Q3 •Do prefd .'..."..' 63 V*
l'lme 10an5... '..... 2 r g-4 Ed Elec Te1....'.. 195
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd. 156
Atch Top &St Fe. 22% Atch prefd..:....'.. 61V4 ,
Amer Sugar 136% Bonds- — i
Do prefd.. 113 Atchison 4s 100*4 l
Bay State Gas 3^l- Mining Shares— • I
Bell Tel 310 Allouez Mm C 0.... S% 1
Boston & Albany.. 2so Atlantic 43 1 -. <
Boston <fc Maine... 171« Boston & Mont 322 <
Boston L 87 Butte & 805t0n.... 90% '
Chi Bur & Q 13714 Calumet & Hec1a..745 <
Fltchburg 1164 Centennial 34V*- <
i Gen Electric JFranklln 27 '
: Mexican Central... 74 Old Dominion 37%
NY & N Eng 100 Osceola 101. i
Old Colony 200 Quincy ....ISO <
RuDber C 2% Wolverine 45%
Union Pacific .....' 47» Humboldt • ' -\i
tVest Knd 93 Adventure 8% <
Do prefd 110
THE LONDON MARKET. . ,
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— The Commercial Ad- .
vertiser's London cablegram says:
The market was less active to-day,, but cheer
' ful, easing off at the close, except Americans, (
where nroflt-taklnr was continued until ■ New
i York came good, principally for Northern Pa
cine nnd Southern Railway shares. The close
, was near the best, Atehison preferred, which
: sold freely In New York, wait an exception. j
1 Coppers were buoyant. Tintos touched 37 and .
! closed Vi - under that price. Anacondas touched ',
9 1 and closed at ST4.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Canadian Pacific. 59 7
Northern Pacific preferred, S3; Union Pacific.
S3V4: Grand Trunk, 7?4; bar silver, steady, 27}»d '.
; per ounce; money, 1% per cent. •• 1
Gold at Buenos Ayreß. 115. 1
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE. 1
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts, 10,
--169 barrels; exports. 72.675. Quiet and gener
ally held steadier, with buyers and sellers con
siderably apart. i :." V
WHEAT— Receipts, 160,000 bushel* : exports, '
473,518. Spot, easy. No. 2 red. Ss»4c f. o. b. •
afloat to arrive. Options about steady, but :
experienced an irregular day through lack of \
outside trade and persistent selling by for
eigners. Weakness was the rule, varied. by a
midday rally on big clearances and a cold |
wave scare. The Government, crop report,
promised late to-day, was ; also a bearish in- I ;
I fluence; closed weak at %01% c net decline.
! March, 84(g<85c; closed, 84c. May, 80 11-16©Sl*gc;
closed, So»ic
' HOPS— Steady; State common to choice, 1896
! crop, TiJ-jSc; 1897 crop. ll®13e; li>9S crop. 18£?19c;
I Pacific coast 1596 crop, 7&8 c; 1897 crop, 11© 13c;
lS'.'S crop. 18liJ20c. •• '
HIDES-Firm; California, lSc. . I '
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The week opened with a sharp I
bulge in copper, tin and lead and a marked in- I 1
crease in activity on all sides. Tin led in the , '.
advance to-day, with a rise of 65@70 points, • <
with copper next with an advance of 25 points. ! I
Strong cables from foreign markets, very en- |
I couraging news from primary points and In- >
creased attention of consumers were the causes ! (
i to which the better feeling was largely due. I
At the close the metal exchange called pig iron j
warrants firm at $8 50 nominal.
COPPER— Strong and higher, with $16 25 bid j
and $16 50 asked.
Stronger and higher, with $24 25 bid 1
; and. $24 50 asked. ;■...■ <
LEAD— Stronger and higner, with $4 45 bid I t
i and S4 50 asked. <
SPELTER— Strong, with $5 65 bid and $5 75 J
j asked. . j
The brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and cop- 1
I per $16 60 bid.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, five points \
! lower to five points higher. Sales, 19.500 bags. )
Spot .Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7
; jobbing, 7V»c; mild, quiet: Cordova. 7>-2igl4e. |
SUGAR— firmer in tone; fair refining, i
r.\e; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 -« c, molasses sugar, | '
3 9-16 c; refined, steady. '
BUTTER — Receipts. 94C0 packages. Firm.
Western creameries, . 14® 19c; Elgins, 19c; fac- !
, tory. I2<gl4c. •
EGGS — Receipts, 9205 packages. Steady.
i Western, 18% c; southern, 17'?fi ls^c. •-.--■•
; DRIED FRUITS.
i NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— California dried fruits I
1 steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, TQBc; !
t prime, wire tray, 1 69 c; 'choice, 9Vi<§'J£c; j
■ rancy, 9%4r10c. ■ -■..-
--! PRUNES— 3^@IOc. - .-. .....:■
I APRICOTS— Royal. ll@l4<r. Moorpark, 13@17c.
: PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 22<&25c.
* : CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
i j CHICAGO. Jan. Wheat started very ir- I
■ regularly at ie above to '4c below Saturday's |
closing figure for the May future. The very
cold weather had some influence upon those
' who were so willing to pay an advance, and I
: lower quotations from Liverpool, with an ex- ■
pected Increase In the visible, appealed to j
; 1 those who were willing to sell. The latter were !
lnthe majority, and May, that started- all the
way from 77',ic to 77% c, declined quickly to ;
7C?ic. At that figure the selling pressure .
slackened, and as there was a i fresh flood of I
crop-damage reports, together with enurmous |
: clearances at the seaboard, early sellers has
') tened to cover, sending May up to 7714@78c.
' The clearances of wheat and flour from Atlan
i tic ports -were 1,053,000 bushels. Liverpool
" : closed %@%d lower for futures, and Paris j
showed a decline of 10@15 centimes. The Gov
: ! ernment crop report expected after the close
' I of the session caused some selling in antlcl
: ■ patlon of its' containing something . bearish.
' ! Near the close a session of free liquidation set 1
' ' in. under which May declined to 76% c, and ■
: closed at 76% c ..
: Cold weather was a bearish argument in corn. j
: j Some heavy shorts were supposed to be cover- ■
' I ing in a cautious manner on the declines. The
selling became pronounced near the end, May
; closing %c lower. ■ ' , . ■■:.",
Longs continued to take profits in oats, and j
1 this, coupled, with the easiness of the other I
markets, caused a decline. of %c. . .
The declining tendency of the grain markets j
near the end of the session had a depressing j
1 effect on provisions, and induced selling enough j
to wi;ie out an- early advance. A small run 1
of hogs and higher prices at , the yards were
: the strengthening influences. Pork lo6t : 7^jc;
lard and ribs, 2H@sc each. ■■ •• ' •
: ' The leading futures ranged as. follows ' ■■
i Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
i Wheat No. 2— *,'-■> ,■-..■. . .
1 May 77"i 78 76% 7674
July .74%. 75>i 74 74%
Corn No. 2— :
1 January * 36}» ' 36% 36 36 |
May 38% ,' 35% 38 38V4
i j July .:: «... .39 39Vi 284 SS&
! Oats No. 2—
! j May 25% 2S*; . 28>i .- 28<4
July 26% 26T4 26>i 26*
Mess Pork, per barrel — ■ • :
May 10 65 10 67V6 10 50 10 52V4 j
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May f. 9714 -5 974 r, 87»,4 590 I
July 610 610 ,fl 00 • 600
Short-Ribs, per 100 pounds— . '
: May ..5 30 5 30 7, 17' 5 22'
I July 5 37' i 5 37',i- 5 32,4 5 tt£
j Cash quotations were as follows: "
Flour, moderate demand • and- firm; No. 2
; spring wheat. 73@74'.4c: No. 3 spring whvat. 69
&73c: No. 2 red. 7*.V#76</4e; No. 2 corn, 37 1 -i<g>
, 37>4c;No. 2 oats, 27% c: No. 2 white. ,W;<&-?.lc;
, No. 3 white. 29%<S30Vic: No. 2 rye, 57'^©57%c;
. : No. 2 barley. 42ii52c: No. .1 flaxseed, $1 15*. •
. ) prime timothy seed. J2 3:,r ( i2 40; mess pork, per
i barrel. $10 Srti&lO 33; lard, per 100 pounds $j 70^
> t ; 5 75; short ril. sides, loose. $4 9tX((u 10; dry -alted 1
j sbaulders, boxed, i 4%<M%c; short clear sides,
; i boxed, $5 15©5 25; whisky, distillers' finished
t goods, per gallon, $1 27; sugar, cut loaf, 5.70 c; I
■ granulated, 5.20 c. '
- Articles.— • Receipts. Shipments.
1 , Flour, barrels. 13.0fK) • 22,000 !
' Wheat, bushels 53. WW 20.000
- Cbrn, bushel*...'.: 44S.OM> ' 176,000
1 Oats, Viushels 262.000 . 160 000
3 Ryp. bu»hplß ..-. ...V 9. 000 12 000
1 Barley. busheln : V 63.000 ' 13.000
i ;On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
1 market was steady: creameries, UQlB%c; dalr- '
i ies. ! 10>ir<il6c. Eggs, fresh, 17.. Cheese," steady I
i creams, 9%@11c. ' . ■, < »
* I ' " WHEAT; MOVEMENTS
I ;
1 j "* X- •---..'-•: Receipts. Shipments.'
Cities— Baahris. Bushels
i Minneapolis 414.340 3 r,?,4
4 I Duluth 123.095 . 21*oifl !
j , Milwaukee r 6,050 R 900 1
I Chicago .: :.'... .."...: 53.939 .. ZniS4 '
■i I Toledo ..,.-.'. 16.830 .. 16000 !
I St. Louis 58,000 30 000 '
, Detroit .:.:.....*.:.. ..-...-..•.-..•vn.052 ■ 7'jn" 1
1 ! Kaacaa City .".:.. 139,000 ■ 29!500 j
Totals 520.307 . 133.C56 !
Tidewater — ■ • .
. I Boston J 49.997 ......
- New York ' ..'...'.. '.1150,000 ' 473'
* PhiladeUihia ....;............ 80.161 r.fi'ins
» Baltimore 41,347 32*000 i
, New Orleans •..........•.;..;.-..... , ' 7 6i 4 38 j
• Galveston ■.."... I
i Totals — .' .-.'......-. Btlttn '" 648,312
: LIVERPOOL FUTURES. '
l Wheat— : Mar. May.
■ Opening X ■' r. n,.i;
J Closing >..... 5 HTi 5 10%
i ■"'-/ />. PARIS FUTURES.. :. , ,
» 1 Flour— ' ;/ • Jan. : Mar. -June.
OpenlnK 44 95 45 60
! Closing .....'..................... ....
i Wheat-
Opening: 21 60 ■ 21 70 !
Closing ...."..' '..:....
>■-■•■■■■. ■.. - -.-,.•.•: ■•-■' - ...
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
. EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 30.— The cold weather to-day
cut the. receipts and it also made trade • brisk.
Sales' were on a basis of , $3 90!?4 00 for com
mon native dressed beef f-teers, up to $5 60@6 20
for rather choice to strictly prime spring cat
tle, with the* bulk of sales at $4 60@4 65.
HOGS— Sales- were largely at $3.75@4; fair to
choice, .?3 57%@4 05; packing lots, S3 65@3 So;
mixed. $3 90@3 92%: butchers, $3 70@4; light,
$3 GOiTi 3 92»4: pigs. $3 35@3 G5.
SHEEP— KuIed 10@15o higher; poor to choice
sheep. J2 50@4 25. with bulk of sales at $S 70;
yearlings, $4 10@4 CO; common to choice lambs,
$4@5 05; prime light lambs, $5 10.
Receipts, 16,000; hogs. 29.000; sheep, 14,000.
DENVER.
DENVER, Jan. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts. 750.
Market active and steady. . Beet steers, $4 25@
5; cows. $3 20(ff-4 25; feeders, freight paid to riv
er, $3 25@4 30; stockers do. $3 7504 50; bulls and
stags, $2<?r3. •
HOGS— Receipts, 250. Market active and 5c
higher. Light packers. f3 60Q3 65; mixed, $3 Co
@3 60; heavy, $3 28@3 40.
No cheep. ; :/-
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jnn. Consols, 1111-16; Silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes. 102f lie; wheat car
foes off coast, buyers indifferent operators, 3d
lower; cargoes on passage, rather, easier, 3d
lower: English country markets, part Is dear
er; . import into United Kingdom, wheat, 198.-
D 00; import into United Kingdom, flour, 243.00Q;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom, 2,370,000; wheat and flour 'on passage to
Continent, 1,020,000; Indian shipments "wheat
to United Kingdom, 24.000. >
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 30.— Wheat, firm; -wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 5-16 d.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 2 red Western winter,
easy, 6s 4d; No. 1 Northern spring, easy, *!b id.
CORN— American mixed, quiet, 3s 10% d;
American mixed, old. quiet, 3s lid.
Futures steady; January, 3s 10% d; March, 3s
B%d; May. 3s SMtd. . . ..
HOPS— London. Pacific Coast, firm, £4
15s@£& 15S.
■ CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 30.— Wheat futures closed
quiet; March, Cs ll%d; May,V6s;ld%d. ' "
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 5291.769.135; gold reserve,
5225.591.861. - . .• ■ " - ■
GRAIN IMPORTS AT LIVERPOOL.
• LIVERPOOL. Jan. 30.— Imports of wheat into
Liverpool during past week: From Atlantic
ports. 70,700 quarters; from Pacific ports, 1000;
from other ports, none. ■ .-.-•■
Imports of corn from Atlantic ports during
the '"Week, 65,600 quarters.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— The closing week, of the
wool sales for this series opened with a large
attendance of buyers. The j American buyers
purchased about 200 bales of fine crossbreds at
higher prices. ■ Low grades ruled irregular.
Fine scoured merinos sold at fancy prices to
the German and French buyers.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. Clearances, $595,
--220; balances, $100,614.-
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON. ■.'■'
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. WHEAT— Weak
and lower; Walla Walla, 60@60%c; valley, 62c;
blue stem, 6Sc.
Cleared — German ship Margretha, "for Queens
town, with 120,515 bushels of Wheat; steamer
Lennox, for Hongkong and Yokohama, with
42,798 barrels of Flour and general cargo, In
cluding 3500 dozen bottles of beer for Hongkong
and Manila.
WASHINGTON. ; •* V:
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 30.-WIIEAT-Club,
60c; blue stem; C3@64c.
♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S3 i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 17V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ■ 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars % . — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was no boom in sight' yes
terday. The feeling was weaker and futures
declined. Spot quotations were unaltered.
Spot Shipping. Jl W@l 17 1 *; milling.
$1 20@l 22%. .- "r :
CALL BOARD SALES..
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 21U: 10.000, $1 21' i; 2000. $1 21%.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 214; 4000,
$1 21. .
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls, $120%;
2000. $120U; 2000, $120%: 10,000, $120; 2000,
$1 19%; 6000, $1 19%: COCO, $1 19%.
Afternoon Session— May— l2,ooo ctls, $1 I3U;
36.000. $1 19%; 4000. $1 19; 14,000, Jl ISTi; 16.000,
$i is*;. . ~ . ■
BARLEY— There was a drop of 3c in futures.
The spot market was dull and unchanged.
Feed, $1 2" <.<gi 30; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new —
2000 ctls, 91% c; 6000, 91c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— It was collection day and the market
was dull in consequence. ,
Fancy Feed, Jl 35@1 37% per ctl : good to
choice. Jl 30@l 32%; common. Jl 27%: Surprise,
$1 42%«n 50; Gray, Jl 30@l 35; Milling Jl 32%p
1 35 per ctl: Red. Jl 55@1 65; Black. $1 60@l 75.
CORN— Values are undisturbed. The demand
continues poor.
Small round Yellow, $1 15: Eastern large Yel
low, Jl 10; White, $1 10; mixed, $1 07%@l 10 per
ctl; California White, Jr 12%.
RYE— sl 15<ffil 18% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
• FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
, FLOUR-Famlly extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
; extras. $3 90@4. " ' .
< MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as. fol
ilows. usual ' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 23 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, J2 75
per 100-; Rice Flour, ' J7; Cornmeal, J2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 25: Oatmeal, J4 25; Oat
Groats, J4 50. Hominy, J3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Farina,
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). J5 85@6 25; in sacks, Jo 65@« 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, J4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was unsettled. Oat was weaker,- but
good Wheat sold better. Bran and Middlings
wore weak and unchanged. . -.'/>.■';
BRAN— J2O 50@21.50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled ! Barley, $2G@27- per
ton;. Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50;
jobbing. $32@52 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed-Meal, J28@30 per ton; Cornmeal,
J23 50CH 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed,
J2O 50021.
CALIFORNIA HAY— V/heat. $16@17 r.O for
good to choice and $14(jj13 for lower grades; no
fancy cming In; Wheat and Oat, $l4fol6; Oat,
$13 505z14 50; Island Barley. Jl.V il4; Alialia, $12®
13: Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. Jl3 60@14 50; Cheat,
$12612 60; • Alfalfa, - — ; Oat, $IS@l4; Clover,
$11 60@12; Timothy, $12@>13 50 per ton. \
STRAW— per bale. t, ,--
BEANS AND SEEDS. ■
All markets under this head were dull and
unchanged. '.'--,*•".
BEANS— Bayos, Jl Ss@l 95; Small Whites, $2
©2 15; Large Whites, $1,75@1 83; Pinks, $2®
1 10; Reds, $3 30®3 3.V. Blnckeye, $3 75; Butters.
$2 25@2 50: Limas. $320@3 25; Pea, $2 35@2 50;
Red kidneys, J2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, »4 50@4 75 per ctl:
yellow Mustard, JS 75<&4; Flax, nominal; Can
ary Seed, 2ViW2-")4c per Ib; Alfalfa. 6%@7%c:
Rape. 2>418244c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. 5@
5%c.'
DRIED PEAS— NJIes. $1 Cs®l 70; Green. $2 10
per ctl. ''"'r-i
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Quctatlonii for Potatoes show some variation.
All kinds are weak except Early Rose, which
are wanted for seed, and are higher. Onions
continue very weak. Garlic is lower and Mar
rowfat Squash higher. . ■ ■. . ' .
I POTATOES— J! 15@1 2.". per ctl for Karly Rose;
BO@3Oc per »ack lor Rivor: Burbonks; Peta
lumu Burbanks, ; So<S9oc; - Oregon, -75c<&$1;
Sweet Potatoes, j $1 -75 - ior -Merced; • New Pota
toes. I%<ff2c ppr lb. . • ■";
ONIONS— per > sack; Oregons, 60@90c
per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green , Peas, s©6c; String
Beans. 10c; Cabbage. 4(ifa:>oo; ToroatocH. $!a
1 75 for Ixis Angeles; Egß Plant,. 'lo@l2%c per
lb^ ; Garlic. 4'n'ic per lb; -Dried' Okra, J 15c per
lb:Green Peppers, 5c per lb: Dried; Peppers. :7@
12% c; Marrowfat Squash,; $25630 per : ton; i 'ar
rots, 25^35c per .siick; >; Mushruoms, • lOiJi'Mc
per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME. ! . > ' ,
: Two cars of Eastern poultry t sold at J5 75®
6 50. for Hens, .$6 DOg^'.for j young Roosters',' $5
for old -Roosters,; $5 sp@6- for fryers, $5 50 for
Ducks, 50 for- Geesev 1?'i?12 1 lor Turkej-s.
Another j car goes | on *■ to-day. j j There i were .no
receipts of local stock. 'Game, continued -easy
and <{Uiet. • \ " '' '' ■ : *- '
1-OLLTRY — Dreesed Turkeys; ll@lscV.llve
Turkeys, 11<?712c for. Gobblers and 12^>12V4c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. Jl &o@l 75: Ducks, ; J4 59
(ijS 60; Hens, ; J4 8088 f>o; young ' Roosters, . $6©
6 50: Fryers, jr>@s 50; Broilers; J4 50@5 for large,:
$3 50©4 for small: ■' Pigeons.' Sl@l 25 per dozen
for old and $2@2'25 for Squabs. -. -
GAME-Quail, $1 25@1 75; Mallard. J2 50«8:
Canvasback, $4®6: Sprig,: Jl 2:.ff1l 75: Teal. Jl 25
@1 75; Widgeon..- Jl&l 25rSmail:Duck. 75c®$i;
English Snipe. $2 50; Jack Snipe. Jl 25; Gray
tiuu**, V Hi; WUU Ge.*<4, II; iSrwH, 41 859
1 75; Honkers. $3(f4; Hare. TtoOHi Rabbits,
$1 50@l 75 for Cottontails and $1(91 25 for small.
JJ UTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Fine Creamery Butter rules firm, but the
lower grades continue weak. Store Eggs are
dull, as they come competition with
Eastern.
BUTTER—
Creamery- -Fancy creameries, 24Q25C; sec
onds, 22f323c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 19@20c; common
grades. 14@lSc.
_Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@lSc; pickled roll,
17@lSc for dairy and 19(Jj20c for creamery
squares: creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16<g16%c per
lb; Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. HH®l2c; old. 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar. 12®12V4c; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c: Eastern. 10<?12"c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 27@2Sc per dozen; store
Eggs, 24@26c; Eastern, 22@24c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There is no change to report. Apples are
easy and quiet and Oranges and Lemons are
Belling steadily.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@7jc for common, $I@l 25 per box
for No. 1 and $1 50@l 75 for choice.
Pears— socfisl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 75
per box: Seedlings, $I@l 50; Mandarins, $1 2:>
(§1 60; Lemons, 7oe@sl 50 for common and $2t/3
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6 MQ7;
California Limes, 50c@$l per small box; Grape
Fruit, $I@2; Bananas. 51 2562 00 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
In spite of the assertions that a Prune as
sociation, is impossible, one Is already In pro
cess of formation, as sm rorth In Sunday's
Call. The Peach market In New York is
thus reported by mall:
"Peaches are very high. Sales have been
mode at 2Sc for new peeled goods and noth
ing Is obtainable under 20c. The same goods
that sold at Sig-lOc a year ago cannot be bought
under 2ot?T2Sc now. Dealers say that if the de
mand is as active this year as usual theio
will hardly be sufficient supplies to last until
the new crop comes in."
DRIED ITS— Prunes, 6Uc for 40-50's 44
64% c for t.O-60's, 3'/4@3(4c for 60-70' 2fe«fHte for
70-SO'b, 2V4®2Vi.e for M)-9G's, 2@2%c lor 90-100's
and l?4ij?2c for 100-110's: Silver Prunes,' 2Vi#
sc; Peaches, 6(^7 lie for good to choice, 7%@Bc
lor fancy and 10©12V4c for peeled; Apricots, 10
(Jj 12^c for Royals and 13lic for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7*4@7%c; sun dried, 4@4V4c-
Black Figs, Racks. 2©2V?c: Plums. 4&@6c for
pitted and l@l'/4c for unpttted; Nectarines, 6<ij,
ie for prime to fancy; Pears. 6QBc for quarters
and B<&"Jc for halves. -, . . - - . .. , ■
RAISINS— 3»4c for two-crown, 4?4c for three
crown. s?4cfor four-crown. ■s' / i@6',sc for Seed
less Sultanas. 4V»c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%«f3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7558 c per lb; Walnuts,
7ijjßc for hardshell, 9<rjfloc for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell
la((lic for paper-shell: Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern and ihnQijc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5u
@5. ■ .'.,■-..
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6V4®
7c; light amber extracted,. 6c; dark, s©i^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 714 c per n> - for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light. 10,40
for extra light and 12@12' 2 c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, .O@lOV4c; • Cali
fornia Hams. 9@loc; Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl; I
extra Mess Beef. $10; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $11; extra clear, $16; mees, $15; |
Smoked Beef, lie per It).
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5?4c per lb for '
compound and '(tike for pure; half barrels,
pure, S^c: 10-lb tins, SHe; 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6V4@6%c; packages
legs than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, tiu in a case. »VsC;
3-It) pails, 20 In a case, 8?'» c; 0-lb pails. 12 in a
case, SVic; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7T4c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BV4c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c: medium, 9c: light. S@SHc; Cowhide.
SV2©9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf. lOc;
dry Hides, sound. 15c: Culls and Brands,
i 12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf,
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 10630 c each; short
Wool, 35fe60c each; medium, 70(&»0c; long Wool
90c@Jl 10 eacH. Horse Hides, salt. $1 7a@2 for
large • and $1 for small; Colts. 20@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 25@1 75 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3>.4@3V4c per lb;
No. 2. 2'->c- refined. 4%(55c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7<&9c; San Joaquln and Southern. 7
months. B®9c: Foothill and Northern.- . free, 12
©14c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9'gllc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 90
• lie; Eastern. Oregon, 10@12c. ,
! Fall Woolb— •'..•'• ■ ■'. ■ ; . '. . •
Humboldt and Mpndoclno .....:.'..... 9(^11
Northern Mountain : "@ g .
■ Southern 6® 7U
Plains 5(9 6
HOPS— IB9S crop. 10®12c per lb for ordinary,
12%@13c for good and 14@16c for- choice to
fancy from first bands. •.. - • . » •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm at the advnnee.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ". ->...: . .
BEEF— First quality. 7c; second quality," 6@
6%c: third quality. s<ffsVic.
VEAL— Large, .®Sc; small, 7<BSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B®B%c; Ewes, 7V438c-
LAMB— per lt>. . s , ■
PORK— Hogs. 4'i4i4Vic for large, 4%<§i
4"rC for medium and 3' 2 (ij4c for small; stock
Hogs, 3%@3*4c; dressed llokb..'sH@7c.
• GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta' Grain Bags, u'ic spot and
s^4c future delivery; San Quentins, t s4 95; Wool
Bag?, 26!&38c. \ • • .
Wellington, $3 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. .$7 50; Seattl*.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $8 Eo@9= in bulk and
MOlilO 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $-14 In sacks.- • • . . .. • .
- SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: - Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, s*ic; Con
fectioners' A, s\c; California A, sVic; Magno
lia A. 5%c: Extra C. 5Hc: Golden C. '.Vie; half
barrels. He more ' than barrels, and boxes .Uc
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, January 30.
■ Flour, qr sks 29,368 Straw, tons 18
Barley, ctls 1,645 Wool, ba1e5....... 21
Cheese, ctls: 4 Eggs, doz 6,570
Butter, ct15....... 129 Pelts, bd15. ...:... 316
Tallow, ctls 230 Lime, bbi5. ....... 318
Beans, 5k5..:..... 1.542 Wine. ga15....... .103,306
Potatoes, sks 1,478 | Leather r0118..'.. 103
Onions, 5k5....... 112 Hides, n0......... 782
Bran. sks. 2,sp2; Quicksilver, flks. : 170
Middlings, sks.... 410! Sugar, 5k5........ 790
Lumber, feet lO.OOOjSugar bb18. ...... 85
Hay, tons . 543- •
OREGON.
1 Flour, qr ska 16,2RS| Shorts, sks 1,200
Potatoes, 5k5..... 4,l46|Hay, tons '..■•• 10
Wheat, ctls 370 Bran, 5k5.. ....... 3.200
Oats, etls I.OCO Onions, sks... 563 !
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600 i'
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Italian-Swiss Mutual Loan Association to
Funny M. Rothenberg (wife of M.). lot on
north line of Pine street. 167:6 W of Devlsa
dero, w 25 by N 110: $4. r >oo.
Blanche L. AVeems fwlfp of James P.) and !
Jean M. Taylor (wife of Jnmes I.) to Frances
E. Hurt Is <wlfe of Robert W.). lot on west line
of Webster street, 137:6 S of McAllister. W
137:6 by 8 57:6; $10.
Same to some, lot on north line of Fulton
street, 95 W of "Webster. N 80 by W 20: »10.
Anton and Margaret Krieg to Ixiuisa Street,
lot on east line of Hampshire street, 143:6 S
of Twenty-fourth, S M by E UH»: gift.
John H. Durst to Medora L. Long, lot on W
line of Powell street, 76:10 S of Butter. S 19. W
100. N 20:10. SE 100, and all interest In estate
of Mary or Marie Marshall, Nob. 18,812 and IS,
--494; $10.
Joseph J. Gensoul, by Charles F. Shafer, at
torney, to Ada T. Gensoul. all interest In the
following: lot on southwest coiner of Turk and
Taylor, W 137:6 by S 137:6: lot on south line of
Nineteenth street, 150 W of Guerrero, W ".0 by
S 228; lot on east line of Church street, 111:8^
S of Market, S 2." by E 123; all interest in es
tate r.f Adeline Me.iasPon, deceased: gift.
Catherine Cline to William J.. Peter J., John
F., George H.. Theresa L. and Edith Cline.
Mary T. Frank. Katie Robinson and Agnes L.
Ryan, all Interest in property In City and
County of San Francisco, particularly the block
bounded by Jackson, Pacific, Hyde and Leav
enworth. east line of Hyde, 91:6 N of Jackson,
N 23 by E 60: $10.
Robert W. Deane to Theresa M. Deane (wife),
lot on northwest corner of Eighteenth avenue
and B street, W 82:6 by N 100; gift.
Conrad P. Herrmann to Lina Herrmann
(wife), lot on west line of Twenty-ninth ave
nue. 175 S of L street. S 75 by W 120; $10.
Catherine J. and Elise P. Clark tp William
H. Crocker, lot on southwest corner of Forty
third avenue and W street, R 125 by W 240; $600.
Alamedn County.
- Le Roy. G. and Florence, Harvey to A.. -de I>eo
de Lamina,^ lot on •' E line of • Filbert '■ street,
194:6 S■ of We?t Fourteenth, 8 SO.by.E 125,
block .'.70, Oakland; $10. . - - ■, : -_■ ■:•-.■■■  .
Thomas ; McDonald ■■ to Bridget' McDonald.Vlot
on KE corner of Seventh and Castro -streets,' E
100. by. N 100. v block 72: also lot 1 on E line of
Castro street. GO S of Seventh, S 125 by E 75:
also lot .on B . line of . Union • street, • 163:6 ,S• of
Fourteenth. S 37:6 by E 133:3. being lot 14 and
N half :of lot 15. block r.75: : also ; lot on v S line
of ! Fifteenth street, 97 :6 Eof Market. E9O by
S 103;9,-belnK lot 5 and E portion of lots 3 and
4. block ' A. on 'map of property. 1 of North I Oak
land >■ Homestead Association, ; Oakland; " gift. .
.i James. A. and Nannie C. Hardln' to 1,. W.
aad lter? A. Bl»utier4. , tot .? m. , VW UM «C
Fifteenth avenue, 70 SW of East Seventeenth
street, SW 70 by NW 28, block 32, San Antonio,
East Oakland: $SCO.
John F. and Gertrude Axx to Max W. Koe
nlg, lot on S line of Harmon street, 350 E of
Calais. E 50 by B 135, being lot 17, block A,
Peralta Ranch. Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. Jones to F. T. Graham, lots 7 to 11,
block A, Allendale Annex, Brooklyn Township;
to.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company,
George H. and Alta C. Studley and William M.
and Man- E. de Wolf to Frank S. French, lot
on NW line of Capp street. 150 NE of Xlcol
avenue, NE SO by NW 150. being lot 13. block
B. De Wolf Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1400.
George H. and Alta C. Studley to same,
same, Brooklyn Township: $5.
Bartlett Doe and Thomas and Annie Smith
to James Eva Estate Company (a corporation),
lot on NW corner of Tenth street an 3 Broad
way, W l.*o by N 100, being lots 19 to 25, block
144, Oakland; $130,000.
James L. McCarthy to Annie McCarthy, lot
on south line of Tenth street. 35 E of .Tacksnn.
E 65 by S 100, block 124; also lot on S line
of Tenth street. 100 E of Grove, E 25 by 125,
block 115, Oakland: $10.
W. J. and Lettie H. Baker to W. .1. Mil's,
lot on S line of Weston avenue, 62:6 W of
Gould, W 31:6 by S 100, being lot 4 and W % of
lot 3. Map of Oakland Railroad Homestead,
Oakland Annex; $10.
Robert G. and Olga A. Landgreble to How
ard Morrison, lot 11, block 11, McGee Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Ambrose P. and Mary S. Snow to Leon Le
Cointh. lots 13 to 18. block 12, Allendale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $100.
Charles E. Starratt to Joseph R. Kaelin. lot
on west Une of Marlon street. 124 N of Four
teenth, N 50 by W 119.95, being lots 44 and 45,
Hemjihill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $100.
William W. Cunningham to Alameda Sav
ings Bank, lot on north line of San Antonio
avenue. 13S E of Grand, E V.:> by N 150. being
lots 10, 11 and 12, block G, Oak Park Encinal,
Alameda; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Thornton, owners,
with J. Flaherty, contractors; architects, none.
All work for a 2-story frame building on west
line of Wood street, 96 N of Point Lobos ave
nue: $1650.
P. W. Rlordan. Roman Catholic Archbishop
of San Franoisco. ownpr, with Wybro-Hendy
Company, contractors: architects. Shea &. Shea.
EWtrlc work for St. Patrick's Church, on the
north line or Mission street. 30.' X of Fourth. N
84:6, E 30, X 75:6, E 91. S 75, E 19, S S5, W 140;
$1150.
THJS STOCK MARKET.
The Bond Exchange did its usual good busi
ness yesterday, with better prices for gas
stocks and generally firm quotations for the
other prominent securities. Equitable Gas re
covered to $11. '. . ;v f ' ; '■■">
Mining stocks were • also firm and several
advanced. Con. Cal and Ta. sold up to $170.
The official report of the manager of the
Comstock Pumping Association states that the
foundation for the Risdon pump plant will be
finished during this week and the installation
of the plant will then begin.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, the northwest
drift from the station at the 140-foot level was
advanced last week 30 feet; total length, 684
feet. The face is In hard porphyry. ■ This
drllt will be continued until the west wall is
rfacliM, when other openings will be made to
thoroughly explore the .broad vein they are
pushing through. On • the 900-foot level the
south drift from the top of the raise Is in 40
feet. The top is in porphyry and quartz.
In the Ophir mine no work was done
through the. main shaft, during the past week.
In the Central tunnel, east crosscut' No. 2 Is
in 3ij feet and face is In porphyry and clay of
no assay value. . The north drift Is in 32 feet.
The face Is In quartz, resting on heavy clay
on the footwall. The vein at this' point is of
unknown width, .and is nearly solid quartz
of the width of the ' drift and begins to show
a little value by assay. . Repairs to the north
lateral branch of the Sutro tunnel continue to
be made, but it" Is not known Just when they
will be completed. . ■
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, January 30.
Bld.Ask. | ' Bld.Aek.
Bonds— 'Eqult G I, Co. 10=4 ll'i
4s quar coup..H2HU3>4 Mutual El Co. — 113>-»
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.: 48% 48%
4s quar new.. .129 — Pac Gas Imp.. 84 : —
Us quur C0Up..107%16T% Pae LCo 48 43
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 83% 84%
Cal-st Cab ss. .114'; — ISan Fran 3»4 —
Cal Elec 65....12.>V;127%|5t0ckt0n Gas.. 11% —
C C Wat 6s — 105 — i Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund.212%220
E i' & P 65.... — Bank Btocks—
F&CI Ry 65.. — Anglo-Cal ....'66 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 iiank ot Ca1. .257% —
H C & S 5V4s. — 105 Cal SD & T.. - 99
L. A Co 65. .100 — First Natlonl.2lß 230
Do gntd 65..101%102 I lx>n P & A.. .133 ■ —
Marknt-st 65. ..126 .— Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 116.; 117 Nev Nat 8k..175 —
N C N G R 75. 107 — Savings Banks—
N,Ry,Cal 65. .113%114 \ Ger S & 1,... 1640 1650
NRy Cal 55..112%114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NfC R R 65.104 lv« Mutual Say.. — 41
NPC R R 05.101%102 H F Say U.. 488 —
N Cal R R ss. 98H105 S 4 L, 50... — 100 i
Oak Gas 55.... 109V4110 '■• Security S B 300 850
Om Ry 6s 128%1'.i5% L'nion T Co.. 1400 1455
P & Cl Ry es..lO4Vi — Street Railroads—
p & O 65. .....109 —'" California ....110 —
Powell-st 65...120 122% Oeary 45 —
Sac El Ry 65.. — — Market-st ■ .... 69% 59%
SF& N P Ss.HO — Oak SL4H. — - —
HlerraßCal 65.1U4%106% Presidio — 11
S Pof Ar Cs..lll\»inVs' Powder—
8 P C65(1905-6)liaVi — |Callfornla 147>4 —
SPC 6s (1912)122V4 — E Dynamite... 57% —
8 PCIs eg 65.104>4 — (Giant Con Co. 61% 62%
BPBr 65 ;..... 119%119?i Vlgorit ........ 2% 2%
S V Water 55.U9%120 . Mlßcellaneous—
S V Water 45.103« i — . Al Pac Assn. 107 ,
S V W4s(3dm). — — Git Ld Wks...Us — -
Stktn Gas 65.. 105 — Hana PI C 0... 18% 19
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. 60% 60Vi
Contra Costa.. 60 62 | Hutch S P Co. 34V4 34%
Marln Co 50 — | Mer Ex Assn.. »0 —
Spring; Valley. 100%100?i Oceanic 8 Co. 72>J —
Gas «r Electric— • Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Capital Gas... —- — Pac C Bor Co. 100 —
Cent Gaslleht.los — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Cent L & P... — 16»4
' .' Morning Session.
Board— '
31 Alaska Packers' Association .106 87%
20 Alaska Packers' Association, s 10 106 75 ■
$2000 Contra Costa Water bonds, alO 105 00
125 Equitable Ga5............. 10 00
50 Equitable Gas... 10 12%
50 Hana Plantation Co IS 75
200 liana Plantation Co 18 87%
100 Hara Plantation C 0.......... 19 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 59 87%
100 Hawaiian Commercial &' Sugar .60 12Vj
195 Hutchlnson S P C 0.......... 34 60
20 Market-st Rail way ;......... 59 62%
70 Market-st Railway 59 50
30 Market-st Railway...... 59 371*
10 Mutual Klectric Light..;...;.. 13 37%
25 Mutual Electric Light.. 13 25
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent 'bonds.. 112 87%
$5000 Oakland Gas .....109 75
25 Oakland Ga5..... 48 50
100 Oceanic S S Co . ..72 50
5 Pacific Gas 1mp...... ■...84 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
60 S F Gas Electric Co 85 25
75 S • F Gas & Electric C 0........ 85 12%
$7000 SPof C 6 per cent bonds (1912) 122 50
70 S V Water : 100 75
110 Vlgorlt Powder 2 75
Street— •- - U: V ■ . ■
10 Firemen's Fund 1n5.... 220 00
Afternoon ■ Session.
Board— ;
20 Mutual Electric Light.......... 13 12V4
60 Mutual Electric Light, b 10 13 12^
25 Mutual Electric Light...: 13 00
5 S V Water ..........;.... .100 75
$2000 Si 1 of A b0nd5.................. 11l 25
120 Oceanic S S Co : 72 50
120 Oceanic S 8 C 0.......'..... 72 00
$2000 Omnibus Cable bonds....; — 12S 50
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 VPA
100 S'-F Gas & Electric C 0...... .85 00
50 S F Gas & Electric C 0... 84 50
100 S F Gas & Electric C 0:....... . S4 00
165 Hana Plantation Co IS 57%
110 Hutchinson S P Co 34 37%
fiO Equitable Gas 10 50
ir,o Equitable Gas.... 10 62%
100 Equitable Gas...: 10 75
75 Equitable Gas. .11 00
$340 U S 3 per cent bonds..'. 107 25
50 Market-st Railway, s 30 6'J 50
50 Market-st Railway.......* 69 60
Street— * ■■■'■.
$4000 Omnibus Cable bonds )2S 50
f.TfIOO S V 6 per cent bonds..." 11$ 75 .
$7000 Market-st Ry Con bds, 5 per cent. .ll6 50
$1000 S. P. Branch Ry bonds..." ........123 00-
INVESTMENT BOARD. •
Morning 'Session. .
Board— ' '.. '.'• .
r.O fVntral Light & Power 1300
20 Hutchlnyon S P Co. p 90..... 34 50
50 Mutual Electric Light.....'. '......;.-... 13 00
90 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. .;.. 60 00 'i.
■ Street— . *• * .
$1000 U S 3 per cent quar coup (new) 107 o*o
- , v Afternoon ' Session. :> : 'i
Board— .'■' • . - -■ • • • '
100 Mutual Electric Light..... 13 00 1
115 Equitable Gas ...........'. 10 50'
2> Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar..... .60 12%
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, 15........... 85. 00.
MINING STOCKS. *
Following . were "the sales ■■ in • the Sanr' Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ' ■ •
-. ' Morning: Session.
200 Andes! ......".'....'■ 12 100 Confidence ...... 60'
100 Belcher 15 500 Hale & Norcrs.. 0?
200 Best & Belcher. 45 M 0 Ophir .......1.... 60
400 Chollar .......... 24 350 Sierra Nevada.. 70
100 ConCal & Va...l C 3 ; , ■ ■
■ - - ' - : : Afternoon > Session. " '•
300 Chollur i.......... 24J200 Hale & Norcrs..
100 Con Cal & Va...l CO 500 0ph1r'......:..... 60
800 Gould & Curry.. .28 200 Sierra Nevada.. SO
CO Gould & Curry.." 27! 20 Yellow Jacket..'. .15 '■
Foilowlng were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ' '.',..
v ..' . .To -.■: Morning ! Session. _.
400 Belcher „...:../ 15 200 Occidental 27
300 Best & Belcher. '46 200 Ophir .....:...... 61
200 Caledonia ..:..".. .23 800 Ophir ......: 6)
j 700 Chollar .......... 25\T00 Potosl .... .... ,17
200 Con Cal Va.l 52% GOO Potosl... ..IS
COO Con Cal & Va...l 65 400 Savage .......... 10
EOO Con Cal & Va...l 60'SOO Savage ....;..... 11
I 200 Gould & Curry.. 301300 Sierra \ Nevada.. '80
! 700 Gould & Curry- ■ 291200 Sierra' Nevada.. 79
1000 Hale & Norcrs;; OS 1450 T nlon C0n...... 37
.400 Justice '.;.;...:;.■ 11 200 Utah;.:....;....: 14
6M U«xiumm ........ Jii-- ■<<■..■' '"■.•■>■■-■•.- *■;• ■-.'.;■•.:■;
... ' - : : '■ -
Afternoon Session.
550 Belcher 15 500 Mexican 35
300 Best & Belcher. 40 100 Ophlr 60
200 Best & Belcher. 44 200 Savage 11
500 Con Cal & Va...l 60 200 Sierra Nevada.. W
100 Hale & Norcrs.. 08.200 Sierra Nevada.. 81
200 Justice 12|o00 Yellow Jacket.. M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, January 30 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 03 04|Julla — 04
Alta 05 OCI Justice 12 1*
Andes 13 lojKentuck 07 10
Belcher 15 16 Lady Wash... - Oo
Benton C0n.... 04 10 Mexican 35 Ab
Best & Belcher 44 45|Occldental 23 —
Bullion — 03IOphlr 59 61
Caledonia 22 24 Overman «•> M
Chollar 24 25 Potosl 16 IS
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 11 12
Confidence 56 60 ; Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 55 165 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. SO bl
Crown Point... 15 16 Silver Hill - 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate — 08
Eureka C0n.... — 4« Standard 2002 2o
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 35 3$
Gould & Curry. 27 2S Utah 13 14
Hale & Norcrs. 07 OS Yellow Jacket. 14 la
The English Birth Bate.
Those who have inferred from recent
events that there are tendencies likely to
lower the birth rate of the country will
not find much encouragement in the lat
est return of the Registrar General. In
the first nine months of the current year
that rate has, in England and Wales,
averaged 29.5, which compares with 29. i
both for last year and the year before.
Very steadily the population is increasing.
During the "first three-quarters of the
present year, for which figures are this
week available. 699.153 births were regis
tered in England and Wales alone, and
only 419,587 deaths, showing an excess of
births over deaths of no fewer than 279.
--560. The population of England and
Wales has in round numbers increased
from 28.000.000 in 1888 to 31.000.000 in 1898.
One fact is not easily explained. re
ally there are more births in the first half
than in the second half of the year. To
that rule there has been only one excep
tion in the last ten years, that being in
1596. There may, however, soon be an
other, as the births in the third quarter
of this year exceeded those In either the
first or second quarter. But why the
balance should generally be in favor of
the first half of the year is a point of
some interest, second only in importance
perhaps to that on which Professor
Schenk has speculated so much.— London
News.
The most curious European oath is
administered in Norway. The witness
raises his thumb, his forefinger and his
middle finger. These signify the Trin
ity, while the larger of the uplifted fin
gers is supposed to represent the soul
of the witness and the smaller to indi
cate his body. Before the oath is taken
a long exhortation is delivered.
He would not say that she painted,
powdered and all that. He was too
much of a gentleman for that.
"Still, I may as well confess," he
said, "that she impressed me as one
who thinks she can improve upon the
Lord's handiwork." — Chicago Post.
*HH CALI»*B CAISNDAH.
January, 18M.
T
We
4
Moon-* Phases
jo-Last Quarter
**&- January 4.
14
SI
jSJi New Moon.
W January 11.
-^Snrst Quarter,
j9 January 18.
£$. Full Moon,
W January 2«.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Treasury Department. Office of the Lighthouse
Board, Washington, D. C, January 20, 1899.
POINT ADAMS LIGHT STATION.
Notice Is hereby given that on or about Janu-
ary 31, 1899, the fourth order fixed red light at
this station, on a low sand ridge, about one
mile southerly from Point Adams, southerly
side of the mouth of the Columbia River, will
be discontinued. ■ • ■: ■ •
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, IS9S." page 22, No.
1003. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa-
cific Coast, 1897." page 38. 5
• By order of the Lighthouse Board. ¥££•
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON,
Commodore, U. S. N., Chairman.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' . Exchange, -Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without ' regard •to nationality and
free of expense. > 7 ..-..•*■■.-.
Navigators are. cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the. latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, ■• dangers to navigation and all. matters
of interest to ocean commerce. -• -
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the Soot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th' meridian, by telegraphic signal re-
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory/Mare Island, Cal. . •
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES. ,
•7 •"7:.v". : Lieutenant,, U.S. N.. In charge..
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 31.
Sun rises 7:14
Sun spts 6 :33
Moon rises 10:27 a. m.
U ] Time) Time Time Time •
£ I [Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
? HW . •-■ L W H W L W
31 ... 2:26 6.3 8:35 1.6 2:31 4.3 8:14 1.3
1 ... 3:00 6.4 9:29 1.2 3:34 4.0 8:52 1.8
2 ... 3:3S 5.5 10:30 0.9 .4:52 3.7 9:42 2.3
3 ... 4:21 5.6 11:36 0.6 6:23 3.6 10:40 2.6
4 ... 5:12 6.8 12:40 0.2 7:54 3.7 11:45 3.0
5 ... 6:10 6.0 .1:40—0.3 • 9:00 - 4.0!
LWHW L W H W
6 ... 0:59 3.0 7:12 6.2 2:35 —0.6 9:50 4.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
Hnd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
riven tire additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth clven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
. ,
Wellington Departure Bay .'... Jan. 31
Australia ..Honolulu Jan. 31
Alliance [Portland Jan. 31
Newburg. ...... .lGrays Harbor Jan. 31
Grace Dollar... [Grays Harbor ; ;..; Jan. 31
North Fork ...|Humboldt '. '......".... Feb. .1
C0r0na.. .....'...15an Dieg0.....;.. Feb. 1
Queen Victoria & Plight Sound Feb. 1
Pomona.;.; Humboldt Feb. 1
Point Arena.... [Point Arena.; Feb. 2
Washtenaw..... jTacoma ......;.... Feb. . 2
Orizaba..;..;;.; Newport ...:.'....'.....;... Feb. -3
Coptic. — ...... China and Japan ..Feb. 3
Aztec:.; China and Japan Feb. 3
Wyefteld Nanainio ■;.:.; Feb. 3
A. Blnnchard.. Coos Bay ."....'. .....;... Feb. 3
5igna1. .......... 1W111apa Harbor.... ...i.. Feb! 3
Willamette [Seattle Feb.' 3
Geo. W. Elder.. IPortland ...;.;;.;..;; (Feb. 4
Chi1kat......'...; Humboldt .'. Feb. 4
Curaca0......... Coos 8ay.;...'. Feb. 4
Empire.......... Coos Boy ..Feb. 4
Weeott..........lYaqulna Bay Feb. 6
Santa Rosa ..[San Diego .-...[Feb. 5
Crescent City... [Crescent City .". Feb. 5
Areata.......... [C00s 8ay....... .'.;..|Feb. ' 5
Progreso :..:.. (Seattle ' Feb. 5
Leelanaw :. [Seattle .•;..".....•: [Feb. 5
Walla Walla.. ..{Victoria & Puget Sound Feb/ 6
Coos 8ay. . ...... | Newport .; ...........;; . . . [Feb. 7
Columbia.... ....[Portland ...» .; Feb. 9
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
'Steamer; Destination. Sails. i Pier.
Umatilla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 31. 10 am Pier -11
Chilkat .... Humboldt.;... Jan. 31, 2 pm Pier 13
Areata Coos Bay.*.:..'. Jan. 31, 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newp0rt........ Feb. 1. 9 am Pier 11
Aloha ...'.:. Point Arena.. Feb. 1, ,Ipm Pier: 2
Excelsior... Alaska.'.';..... Feb. .1, 9 am Pier 28
Columbia '.. Portland...... Feb. 2. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 2, 1 pm PMSS
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports. Feb. 2, 10 am Pier 20
Corona ....[San Diego Feb. 3, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona ....[Humboldt Feb. 3, 2 Pier »
Pt. 'Arena.; ' Point Arena.. Feb. 4, 3 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Sound.. Feb. 4, 10 am Pier 3
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay. Feb. 4. 5 pm Pier 13
Queen ......jVIc & Pgt Sd. Feb. 5, 10 am Pier: 9
Orizaba [Newport ...... Feb. 6, 9 am Pier 11 ■
.Weeott:'...;lTaqiilna. Bay. Feb.; 7. '5 pm Pier 13
ftanU RoeaiSAA Diego iffefe. J, U uu,ii« U. ,
Steamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrosraphic Office. V. S. N.. Mer
- chants' Exchange, ban. Francisco, cal..
The ""£7 bail ofthe tower of. the new^erry
(¥5 te.-tsi Mafias c-n
o'clock p. m. : Greenwich """"^HUGHES.
' Lieutenant, IT. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPFINO IXTELLIUEIM/**.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 30.
Stmr Columbia. Green, 56 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 46 hours. „ n)
Stmr Gipsy, Inland. 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Ruth. Strand. 42 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Fulton. Levinson, 65 hours from As-
°Stmr Arcata. T.eed, 47> hours from Coos Bay,
% 'stmr rt Sequola,' Thwing. 17 hours from Fort
B Btn?r Mineola, David, SO hours from Tacoma.
Stmr Czarina. Collins. i»2 hours from
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow. 74 hours from New
port (S), etc. . , _
Stmr Brunswick, Anderson, 23 hours from
Eureka, bound south; put in to land passen-
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. 27 hours from Eu
reka. T . ,
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. 22 hours from I sal.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, 76 hours from
Ship Columbia. Nelson, 20 days from Tacoma,
Ship Columbia. Kelson, 20 days from Tacoma.
via Clallam Bay 8 days. ...
Ship Wm II Smith, Brown. 14< days from
Philadelphia. • , _
Bark Chas B Kenney, Anderson, 9 days from
Seattle, via Clallam Bay. ■ ■ . ■ •
Hark Big Bonanza. Bergman, 9 days from
Tacoma. '■ _
Bark Gatherer, Stokkobye, 9 days from Ta-
Schr Reliance, Stenborn, 2 days from Stew
arts Point. i _
; Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, 15 days from Ta-
I coma. t _ ...
Schr Conflanza, Jensen, 5 days from Coqullie
River. * ■_ ...
Schr Eureka, Asplund, 6 days from Coquille
River.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 30.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall. . Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, January 30.
Stmr Mackinaw. David, 86 hours from Ta-
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, Tacoma..
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. >-.-• '". ; ---
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 30, 10 p m— Weather
hazy, wind SE; velocity 8 miles.
;/.'. CHARTERS.
The schr Aloha loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Hesper loads lumber on the Sound for
Kalchow, 57s 6d; Ragnar. lumber at Hasting*
Mill for Vladlvostock; Tartar, mdse and flour
at Tacoma for Hongkong; W F Jewett, lum
ber at Port Gamble for Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS. V' ■- -
SAN PEDRO— Jan Schr Alice, fm
Eureka, c
PORT ANGELES— In bay Jan 30— Bark Abby
Pelmer, from Port Ludlow for Sydney; Br bark
Gwydyr Castle, from Tacoma for Queenstown;
bark Louisiana, from Moodyville for Sydney.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr LeelanaW.
J hence Jan 26. ■
Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Cottage City, for Dyea.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 30— Br shiD Morven.
for Queenstown: Ger ship H F Glade, for
Queenstown; bktn Chehalis, for Shanghai.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 29.-Stmr Scotia, hnc
Jan 27. Jan 30— Stmr Pomona, hence Jan 29;
Btmr Samoa, hence Jan 29; stmr Pasadena, frm
San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan Nor
bark Fantasi. from Honolulu.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Jan 30— Schr La Chilena,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Jan 28— U S stmr Brutus,
for San Francisco. •
CARDlFF— Arrived Jan 29— Ger ship Ferdi
nand Fischer, from Seattle.
SHANGHAI— Jan 2S— Br bark Xa
nalmo, from Chemainus; Br bark Vale of
Doon, from Tacoma for Yokohama. Jan 27 —
Stmr China, . hence Jan 7.
I Sailed Jan 27— Br stmr Empress of China, for
' Vancouver.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Jan Br ship
Heathbank, from Cardiff; will go to Oregon.
Jan 21— Br ship Port Caledonia, from Cardiff.
Jan 14— Fr stmr Parahaba, from Hamburg.
Jan 4 — Schr Maweema, from Grays Harbor.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Jan I— Bark. Dan Elsie,
from Mazatlan, and sailed Jan 10 for Punta
Arenas. -
CAPE TOWN— Jan 22— Br ship Fen
thesila. from Vancouver. t
LIVERPOOL— Jan 2S— Br ship Ancalo».
*-for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Jan ■»-, Br ship
Euphrosyne, from Oregon.
SYDNEY — Arrived Jan 29 — Schr Golden
Shore, from Port Ulakeley. x
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Dec 21— Schr
OlKa. for Kahului. •
' ,j ; OCEAN TiRAVEL.' ■:- v^-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
i Ijk. Steamer* leave - - Broadway
iffiUhw wharf. San Francisco:
ftfigßßV. _ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
K^TiS^^i Jan. 11, 16, 21, 26. 81; Feb. S;
■tiBVMHfIKI change at Seattle.
BmVSi For Victoria. Vtncouver. (B.
S^ga^SLl C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
* '"HfflSHa Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
an< New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. in.. Jan. 11. 16. 21, 2«. SI:
Feb 6 and every fifth day thereafter; chang»
at RMttia to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G N. Ry-; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
I at Vancouver VHumbold/'Bay) 2 p m., Jan.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Jan.
14, 19, 24. 29; Feb. S, and every fifth day there-
* For Santa Crnz. Monterey. San Simeoa.
i Cavucoß, Port Harford. (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro East San Pedro (Lou Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. '16. 20. 24. 28; Feb.
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan 14. 18. *2. 2«. 30. Feb. 8. and every
fourth day thereafter. •■ •• ' ■ "
For Ensenada, Maprdalena Bay. r,an Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
nnd Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 14. Feb. 9,
Mar. 9. Apr.. 6. • x ■■
For further Information . obtain folder. .«-•. ,
The company reserves the right to chan?*
without previous notice, steamers, sailing date*
B T>f» h™ir« nf Rolitne. .
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agti..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. ' ;
DISPATCH FAPT PTEAMEng :TO ;
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. ra.
r/JQC $12 First Class Including Berths
InnC S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. i. 13. 23. Feb. t.
State of California sails .Tan. 8. 18, 28. Feb. 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ■
E. C. WARD. General Agent. .
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
-' Suoerlntendenta.*
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. Ip. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on da»
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU..... Wednesday Jan 2J
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb 21
HONGKONG MARU.. ...... ...Friday. March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduc-d ratee For
f « el s? t _ an P assa se apply at company's office.
421 Market Etreet. corner First.
- W. B. CURTIS. General Agent. :
Compagnie Generate transatlantioua.
'Frenoh Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVBS-PARIB
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <<?tPsfs
at 10 f a ™t m > ™ rOm Pler IS. North SSS&lfi
Rl\er. foot or Morton street
LA CHAMPAGNE .... V»h « '
LA TOTJRAINE £**' '?
la N<.UMA.\TMH ....;..•. .".;■■' -' : *-j*£3aS
LA CHAMPAGNE ••■••£j a r P h , *
First class to Havre.' "$Ki and' unwkrrt "r ™1
A TV A r^k I issL£g s *B'R&F
iia.si^"i,.*^g'rj.'J!a^ Co " t -""■"■ ■
?, a .'' s f °r Honolulu
HS^" JVednpsday. February
f^EfiNiff 1 T, he P - S AUSTRALIA
Iwffßlllfc « a ."? tor Honolulu
Lj «■! Wednesday. February
. 8. at 2 p. m.
'stotmchin I Tne s s - Moana
dHßdinjlrP 1 - sal!s vla Honolulu and
TIhEP^ /7\mE«nJL_ Auckland for Sydney
C?C!» (OiHiCJjlCa* Wednesday. Feb. 22.
' ' '** ' ■ *~^ ' ■ J fit 10 d m
TmvV O Sou O thTf^a DIE '^ ulsot : and CAPB
J. D. SPRECK^LS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
_ , . _ 114 Montgomery street.
■Freight Offlce-,327 Market st.. San Frnnclsco.
_BAY^A.ND BIVEB STtiAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
i, Steamer "Monticello." • •
Mon., Tues..!Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:lo, 8:30 p.m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and i:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m.. 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mission-st. Dock, Pier No.
I. V Telephone, Main 1505. ' '
: '' If *llff1 Iff •>------ - :.'_:. i ''' 'jti :TRICHINOSIS IS
NOT CONTAGIOUS
Alarm in Marin County
Causeless.
NO DANGER OF AN EPIDEMIC
CONTI CASE CAREFULLY INVES
TIGATED BY OFFICIALS.
Anzin:, the Hired Man, Probably
Will Share the Fate of
the Unfortunate
Farmer.
Social Dj*r>&tch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 30.— The cases
o.f trichinosis at Tomales and Peta
luma. caused by eating infected pork,
have excited widespread interest and
the health officials have been deluged
Tvlth both verbal and written queries
regarding th<:> circumstance*. Popular
attention seems to he drawn to the af
: fair largely on account of a miscon
ception of the facts, tho questions
asked implying a belief that the disease
is of a contagious or infectious charae
tr-r. But the chief interest is aroused
in scientific circles on account of the
rare appearance of such cases.
About a month ago Dr. Bruce Cocke
rill of Bloomfield was summoned ' at
tend a farmer named Conti, living a
short distance from Tomales. He diag
-1 the case and at first reached the
i/umiusion that the man was suffering
from typhoid fever in its incipient
Btag<-. Cpnti tailed to rally under the
ordinary treatment, and other physi
cians wt-n- called in for consultation.
Then a farm hand named Aneini be
came ill and had the same symptoms.
Finally four others now in Petaluma
grew ill. their symptoms being identi
cal with the others. The last person to
buffer from the disease was Conti's
wife.
Medical skill availed not in the case
of Conti and he died in great agony.
Shortly before he succumbed the phy
sicians concluded that he and all the
other sick persons were afflicted with
trichinosis. An investigation disclosed
the fact that about three weeks before
they were taken ill a sow had been
'slaughtered and the meat made into
•what Is called salami sausage. The
. meat is merely cured by smoking and
no great heat 1b applied to it in mak
. ing this kind of sausage. Conti ate
more than the others, but Anzini also
/ partook freely of the infected meat.
Last "Wednesday Dr. Nlef, the Coun
ty Veterinary Surgeon, and Dr. Urban.
; the Health Official of Tomales, visited
• the Conti ranch, which they found un
... di?r the care of one Grandi. This per
"•• son did all he could to retard the ofn
• cials in their investigation and had to
:■ be threatened with arrest before he
"■would permit any to be made. Anzlni
• : Tvas found to be swollen badly and so
v. tender. were,hjs,muscl£s that the sjight
■ .-est touch caused him to wince. Mrs.
. Conti will proftaMy recover; which fact
. ; is true of those lying 11! at Petaluma.
• ' "We forced Grandi to show us the
vrest of the salami." said Dr. Nief to-
. '-day, "and it was subjected to a micro
• scopic examination. I did not expect tp
flnd any trichinae tn the first specimen,'
but there were no less than three of the
'-■parasites in sight. Every other, piece
We examined abounded in trichinae, I'
• took several of them and placed them
■on a .glass slide, then poured a little
alcohol over them and placed the speci
mens under the microscope. The result
showed the parasites to be alive, for
they curled up as the alcohol began to
burn.
• placed this salami in the yard,
saturated it with coal oil and burned it.
Then we drove all the pigs on the ranch
Into a small Inclosure and made a thor
ough examination of each one. None of
them had the symptoms of trichinosis,
b\it as It takes about six weeks for the
parasites to manifest themselves in
these animals, we quarantined the place
for two months. Grandi was thorough
. ly frightened and will doubtless obey
instructions.
"When moat infected with trichinae
ie taken into the system the parasites
cast off their young in the alimentary
. canal, and then both the young and the
nld bore their way through th<' walls of
the canal into the muscles, where they
. become encysted between the fibers. If
!-they are very numerous, death will oc
cur in a short time, as in the case of
<"onti. Anzini will undoubtedly meet
the same fate. But if the trichinae are
not present in numbers sufficient to
• auso d'>ath in a limited time they soon
becomf; enveloped in a covering of lime
and die. Then they are absorbed and
cast <>ut of the system through the ordi
nary avenues by which the body dls»
posea of waste material.
"This is the first case of trichinosis
known In the history of Marin
County. I have been questioned by
many people who seem to think it will
become epidemic, but this apprehen
pi"n \* grounded in ignorance. We dis
covered that the sow afflicted with
trichinae was brought to the Conti
fftrm from some place outside the
county, but Gratidl would not tell us
the place. She grew thin. and. all ef
forts to fatten hor failing, she was
killed and her flesh made into the
salami. The sausage was destroyed, and
GRAPE-NUTS.
****fr* & !*» !&!&!&&
I Little |
| Folks f
«£ Like the new 4
4* Food if
I Grape=Nuts, I
st4»*4* 4* * ♦ * 4*^**r
INSTINCT.
Taste Is Frequently a Valuable
Guide In Selecting Food. •'. v .
A little child's taste is often a reliable
guide to palatable and desirable food,
and it is. worth one's while to observe
how the little folks. take to Grape-Nuts, |
the famous new food made by the Pps- |
turn Co., at Battle. Mich. ,
Children eat Grape-Nuts freely with- j
out addition of sugar, for the food has I
the peculiar, mild but satisfying sweet
of grape-sugar • and the natural taste
either of .child or adult recognises ' at
once a food that will agree, with and
richly nourish the system.
A hot dish can instantly be served
by pouring ' hot milk or cream -on
Grape-Nuts. . V '-.
GREATEST DISCOVERY
ON THIS CONTINENT
And Perhaps the Richest Ore in the
World Is Now Being Taken. From
the Isabella Mine at
Cripple Creek,
DENVER. Jan. 30. — The greatest gold discovery ever made on the
continent, perhaps in the world, isjthe rich find just made on the Isa
bella property at Cripple Creek, whfeh caused Saturday's and to-day's
excitement on the Denver and Colorado Springs stock exchanges.
The claim of a fabulous discovery is made by men thor
oughly posted, and is acknowledged over their own names. In the
stope just started the company has twenty and a half feet of
sylvanite ore that will run into the thousands, and besides there Is a
streak of metallic gold from two to three inches that is 80 per
cent fine. Manager Kilburn of the Isabella gave out to-night the
following: >
"The metallic ore body has doubled In size both ways since yester
day morning. Some pieces of ore are 80 per cent gold. I never saw
such mineral, and don't believe its like was ever mined In this or
any other camp in the world. We have had no assays taken of the
rock, but a ton of It could be picked out that would run anywhere
from $50,000 to $200,000. Armed guards are watching the property.
"The strike was made in a new ore body at a depth of 850 feet
below the surface. A chute has been cut at the seventh level, 200 feet
above, and also at the fifth. At the latter place an assay obtained
in the breast of the drift yesterday on two feet ore that went bet
ter than 1000 to the ton. There was blocked out between the ninth
and seventh levels J5.000.000 worth of ore. I do not say this to fur
ther excite stockholders, but to correct some reports which have been
current."
Saturday Isabella stock closed at $1 25 bid, $1 26 asked. The ex
citement of the day continued at night, the stock advancing on curb
sales until midnight, when the stock freely sold at $1 50. Sunday
reports were that the g«ld discovery was far richer than had been
made known, and this morning when the stock was called on the
mining exchange it opened at $1 50, an advance of 25 cents. 'Wild
bidding was made for the stock, and it rapldlv advanced to $1 80 and
closed at $1 75 bid. The total sales for the day were 12,000 shares and
th<> market would have absorbed twice that amount had it been
offered for sale.
The price at which the stock closed to-day gives a value to the
mine property of $3,937,500. The same stock gave it a value of half a
million dollars on December 16 last, in which date commenced the
present rise in values. The Isabella mine was one of Cripple Creek's
original bonanzas. About two years ago dividends amounting to
$30,000 per month were stopped, and the stock dropped accordingly.
The public was informed aa a reason that the ore bodies had b~~n
worked out. There was also a change in management about that
time, J. J. Hagerman, the mining millionaire, retiring from the con
trol of the mine. N. M. Williams became its president and operated
the property. He barely paid expenses during the first eleven
months of 1898.
' I think none of the other animals on
' the farm are infected. If they are, the
; quarantining will have the desired ef
: feet. However, it would be a good
] thing If we could learn where the sow
• was brought from, for others at that
! place may be infected with the disease.
We learned definitely that the sow was
imported into the county."
MRS. YOUNG IS A
VERY SICK WOMAN
The Sight of Hei CMld Causes Her to
Shed Tears and Lament
Her Fate.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 30.-Mrs. Augusta
Young, wife of the alleged Incendiary o£
Tiburon, who has taken French leave and
' left his bondsmen to make an accounting
with the authorities, is a very »lck
; woman. It was found necessary to send
tor a physician again to-day. He after
-1 ward informed District Attorney Mclsaac
; that his patient was suffering from a
chronic ailment, aggravated by close con
finement and worry. For this reason it
is probable Mrs. Young will be trans
ferred to the County Hospital to-morrow,
whi- re her surroundings will be more con
genial and where better facilities for
treatment exiet.
Mrs. Wolchow, a sister-in-law, whose
: husband Is on Young's bond, paid a visit
] to Mrs. Young in her cell to-day and
i brought the sick woman's baby with her.
' Mrs. Young was too feeble to make any
I vigorous demonstration, but when her lit
tle tine was put on the bed beside her she
i fondled it tenderly and bemoaned the fate
' that .caused her to be separated from the
infant. When Mrs. Wolchow took her de
i parture with the child the mother's eyes
! glistened with tears, a fact which made
Mrs. Wol'-how express herself in an un
! complimentary manner as regards the de
, serting husband.
Public sympathy has been aroused to
i some extent in Mrs. Young's behalf by
; her husband's cowardly action in "Jump-
Ing" his bail and leaving her to fight the
; battle alone.
CONDITIONS ARE MUCH
DISTURBED IN HONDURAS
Several Amerlcnns Mixed Up in a
Plan to Overthrow the
Government.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— A New Or
leans special to the Herald says: Law
rence B. Seton, who is just from Port
Cortos, Honduras, says that conditions
are very much disturbed there.
"It is rumored," declared Mr. Seton,
"that a conspiracy is on foot to start
a revolution and overthrow the present
administration. The story is very cir
cumstantial, and the names of the al
leged leaders are well known at Port
Cortes. Several Americans arc said to
be mixed up in the affair, and at the
time of my departure the Government
was taking steps to nip the enterprise
in the bud. It is quite likely that some
interesting news will be received from
Honduras within the next week. From
all that I can hear I don't think there
is much likelihood of the conspirators
overthrowing; the Government. Salva
dor Ik Retting along very well under its
new revolutionary government. Every
NEW RULER FOR
CHINA SELECTED
Empress Dowager Said to Have
Named the Present Em-
peror's Successor.
■ PEKING, Jan. 30.— The Chinese here say the Dowager Empress has ■
8 decided upon a policy regarding the gueceesor to the throne. It is de- »
g* tailed that at a meeting of her relatives recently she selected the sue- 2
3 cessor of the present Emperor, but the identity of the person so chosen o
g is not divulged. All reports, however, agree that a change at the palace *?
S# is impending. \'
The Emperor is still strictly guarded, in the southwest corner of the «
g island palace. The drawbridge connecting the island with the short Is g
b« draw up at night, and every morning the ice around the island is broken §
0 in order to prevent unauthorized persons approaching it. p
It is asserted that the Dowager Empress now practically ignores the pj
8 Grand Council of State and the Tsung Li Yamen or Chinese Foreign g
g Office. $
TELE SAS. EKA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY > 31, 1599.
thing has resumed Its normal groove.
General Reganaldo, who seized the
Presidency on the eve of election, Is a
popular favorite and a man of great
ability. He has the army under his
thumb and his reign promises to be
lasting."
CONSTERNATION AMONG
THE POOLROOM MEN
Sylva 'of Sausalitb, Goes to Sacra
♦; mento to ' Fight ; Ather- •
ton's Bill.
SAUSALITO, Jan. ,30,— Th& bill Assem-.
blyman Atherton haa introduced Into the .
Legislature making It a misdemeanor for
poolrooms to operate outside the confines i
of a race track has caused , consternation
among the cohorts Of gambling In this i
o-n n- i T Th ?,.^f ar rot > ms of Tpm Frost's.
Billy MacMlHan and ' Johnny Peters- '
saloons have dally witnessed earnest con- '
sultatlons concerning the best manner in '
which to fight the bur which threatens to
ruin that class of citizens who care more
for the almighty' dollar than for the good
name of the community. .
"Little Giant" Sylva. Town Trustee, go- '<
between politician and friend of the pool- !
room men, has departed for Sacramento
to wage the fight of the poolroom cohorts
against reformation.
Last November H. Noble, a wealthy
property owner of this town, filed a peti
tion for an injunction restraining Joe
Harvey and William Harrison from con
ducting poolrooms at Sausalito.' Noble
asserted that his property was situated i
within 150 feet of Harrlsen's establish
ment and 300 of Harvey's. He alleged
that, the presence of these gambling
places, with their following of the riffraff
of San Francisco society and the conse- ;
quent notoriety given the town, was fast
injuring the , good name of Sausalito to !
the extent that property values were de
preciating. The demurrer on his petition
for an injunction was argued before
Judge Angellotti had % submitted to-day. !
This places. the poolroom cohorts between
two tires.
To add to their dismay E. D. Sparrow,,
a prominent real estate broker, has been :
engaged for several days in circulating a
petition for the passage of Atherton's !
bill. Nearly all the "hill faction" and ;
many reputable merchants on the water
front have signed the petition. It will be :
sent to Assemblyman Atherton to-mor
row. _______________ iv* ;•;;*-.
TOO REALISTIC A^T.
Portraits of Clara Ward Qst a Bel
gian Into Trouble.
Special Cable to The Call and thf New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gor
don Uenn'tt.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 30.— A curious caße ie
j before the Liege Appeal Court. A Bel
gian merchant who was traveling in
I Switzerland recently purchased nude por
i traits of Clara Ward and sent them to
! a friend at Namur. The Belgian postal
; authorities were shocked. They- inquired
i into who sent them and prosecuted nic
i mer chant, who to-day was fined 40 franca
| for importing indecent matter.
Chinese Charged With Murder.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 30.-Justice Brown
this afternoon held Ah Fung, or On Foon
the Chinaman arrested in San Fruncisco
for tho murder of Ah Loy here six yearn
ago, for trial In the Superior Court. This
evening an information waa filed in the
Superior Court and the prisoner will be ar
raigned to-morrow morning.
EAGAN MAY NOT
BE DISMISSED
President Will Probably
Be Lenient
AND SUSPEND THE GENERAL
FOUR MEMBERS OF THE COURT
DO NOT SHOW CLEMENCY.
It Is Probable That, the Army's
Commissary Will Be Kept Under
Suspension Until His Retire
ment in 1903.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Commissary General Eagan
will not be dismissed from the United
States army. This much can be said
with practical certainty. What sentence
will be recommended by the Secretary
of War and adopted by the President
will be determined when Secretary
Alger returns 'to-morrow from Boston.
The recommendation to be made by
Secretary Alger will be In line with the
petition for clemency signed by a num
ber of members of the court. It can be
denied with positiveness that any re
commendation for clemency was ap
pended by the court to its finding. As
a matter of fact, as the Herald staged,
the "court found General Ejagan guilty
on both charges and specifications, and
recommended his dismissal. Since the
finding was submitted, however, a pe
tition for clemency has been circulated
with the result that a few signatures
have been obtained. Four members of
the court, it is stated, declined to sign.
These four are said to be Major General
Wesley Merritt, president of the court;
Major ueneral Matthew C. Butler,
Colonel Peter C. Haine and Colonel
George L. Gillespie.
The case is still in the hands of Judge
Advocate General Lieber and Major
Morrison, his assistant, who will com
plete their review in a day or two. The
matter will then be submitted to the
Secretary of War, probably through
Major General Miles. A precedent for
lenient action is furnished by the case
of Captain Henry Romeyne, who was
sentenced to be dismissed, but the Pres
ident merely gave him a reprimand and
permitted him to retire as an officer
of the army. It ifl not believed the
President will go so far as t,o merely
reprimand Eagan and restore him to
duty. It is generally thought that Gen
eral Eagan will be suspended until his
} retirement in 1903.
SAVED FROM DEATH
ON VALDEZ GLACIER
Oakland Prospector Found After He
Had Laid Down in the Snow
to Die.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU. Alaska, J«n. 24.— Thirty more
disappointed Copper River gold seekers,
with as many hard-luck stories, arrived
here to-night on the steamer Wolcott,
which just completed a midwinter trip to
Valdea and the westward. Men are com
ing over the glacier as fast as they can
get out. D. R. Marshall of Mexico, Mo.,
was the lust man over the glacier. He
said it was 46 below zero and blowing a
gale. The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation lodge, a small building on the gla
cier, has afforded shelter to many and
saved v number of lives.
J. R. Barnes of Matawan. New Jersey,
savi-d the life of H. 1,. Wilson of Oak
land, Cal., who was formerly employed by
Newman & T,evins>on of San Francisco.
Wilson lost everything in the river, and
had been eight days without food when
found by Barnes and his partner. Wilson
fired his revolver to attract their atten
tion. He was so weak ho coultfcrtot climb
a threp-foot bank, and had lain down to
die. He is all right now and on the way
home. He has nad enough of Copper
River.
Henry Cahn of New York City went
insane on the glacier from exposure and
died at Valdez. A man named Smith, a
Chicago jeweler, is aboard the VVolcott.
with both feet frozen. No other atea-mer
will go to Valdez this winter, and all
those there now must remain till next
April.
Quartz Creek, a tributary of the Ka
eina, a tributary of Copper River, is
said to be showing gravel which pans out
50 cents. This is a report which came
down last November to Orca, and is not
corroborated. Many from the Wolcott go
south on the Cottage City.
GROVER PLEADS NOT GUILTY.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 30.— M. M. Grover
of Sausalito. who was arrested on a bench ]
warrant issued by Judge Angelotti as the i
result of an indictment by the Grand Jury
on the charge of embezzling, appeared be
fore Judge Angelotti to-day and entered
a plea of not guilty. He is alleged to
have embezzled 12000 of the funds of the '
Sausalito Land and Ferry Company while
enployed in the capacity or secretary. '<
Grover asserts that ho was promised im- «
munity after giving the company a deed 1
for lands ho owned and Attorney Coch- i
rane lias threatened to make trouble for I
the officials of the company if the suit Is j '
pressed. The case, will come, up next ':
Monday. - i
___ ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Don't fie % Weak Man.
Do not remain weak and puny when strength, robust health and re-
ne\y"ed vitality are within your grasp. Life is too short to spend it
miserably, to be deserving of the pity'inatead of the praise of your ac-
, quaintancea;. • . ,
Dr. Myers & Co. have had 18 years' experience In restoring victims
of nervous debility and curing contracted ailments. They have the lar-
gesV and best equipped medical institution and the most extensive prac-
tice in the West.. ' ; * ■
t Terms, No Pay Till Patients i Are Cured.
PUT THE MONEY IN BANK— • . - J^^J^
Patients who have the least doubt ' '• : Jt /y>r\^ '■--■■'
about being cured may deposit : ■■ : ■ . ■ #^^^ r - -• ;■ -»"*"**^^^i
the price of a cure in any bank f^^^lz^&ltfbiS***^ I**^1 **^
>r with any well-known business 1/ t^^^^S^^^^ \T§
house or newspaper in San Fran ■ '. i i^y ■-■ f^^ v^^ ■ ' Cv"^
; Cisco, .such deposit NOT to be 1/ &</; ■'•^■^' If • \f •
paid to Dr. : Meyers & Co. until the \^r/ -9S& a&Skj&M \^
patient is convinced that he is. \j e^lj/fsE X*Bcn!»> ■* \ /
If patients prefer they may pay £ I ', : ili|^Pß^;,J A-tMI '<{&■&£ I >
in monthly installments. If you :\l |i if, Mi£^¥M 4 cg^SL WOM, JT
cannot 'call, write for free book /llwiBSWiS \
for men only,, advice a^d; treatise v\nR^HAISP/ >' '
on any disease. All letters confl- I WWWKSVV / 'VS^?-a^^W/«r
dential. .No printing on envelopes J^^Wwm^ \ '
'" Prices reasonable in all cases. ; ■'. ' I _\.^-^r\ )-^JW&I' I
Ail cures-are lasting as life. ' • ""* s >^^ ■'I l%JJ&g?^ ' '
poisonous or dangerous drugs ' • •""V^t~3hl^#"^' '
ever, dispensed. VI ;.. .." -" ■"". ', ' ■ , - ' \r^^^f ".-v^.; : ; .- '
DR. MEYERS & GO., 731 M "^^, sco
TAKE ELEVATOn,:'.: Houra Bto 5 daily. Ertniagt 7to 8, Buc4»yi 9to 11. .
SENOR GALBIS
MUST APPEAR
Banco EspanpTs Presi
dent Is Evasive.
WANTED BY COMMISSIONERS
AN ATTEMPT BEING MADE TO
TRACE MONEY AT HAVANA.
Peculiar Finances That the Spanish
Officials Indulged In to Be In
vestigated by Military
Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
■HAVANA, Jan. 30.— Senor Galbis,
president of the Banco Espanol, was
notified to-day by the special commis
sion now investigating the finances of
the municipality that he must anpear
before the commission to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock to answer inter
rogatories, or must take the conse
quences of contempt, the penalty for
recalcitrancy, in the mind of the com
missioners, being imprisonment until
he is willing to testify.
Major General Ludlow, governor of
the department of Havana, has in
vested the commission with the pow
ers of a court and will sustain its ac
tion in punishing a refusal to testify.
The Banco Espanol is so intimately
connected with the finances of Havana,
as a creditor to the amount of $7,500,
--000, .that the commission deems it
necessary to get & complete account
ing from the bank as to past transac
tions and a statement of what it is
doing now with the city's market du
ties. The commission requested Senor
Galbis to present himself for exami
nation last Friday and again on Sat
urday, but he sent word that he was
indisposed. He was then asked to come
before the commission this morning,
but to-day he sent a message that he.
was physically unable to comply, in
consequence of the exhaustion due to
his bank labors.
This reply was regarded as unsatis
factory, and the peremptory notice for
to-morrow was served upon him. If he
now refuses, the only thing that can
prevent an arrest will be a medical cer
tificate. Should this be produced the
physicians wlio act for the commis
sion will be sent to make an examina
tion of Senor Galbis.
C. W. Haskins. the expert accountant,
and his assistants will explore all the
books of the bank accessible. Informa
tion has reached the commission that
some of the books have strangely dis
appeared.
This inquiry will either establish or
negative the various statements of
connivance and corruption on the part
of the Spanish Government which de
posited with the Banco Espanol in sil
ver an amount equal to one-third of the
$20,000,000 note issue guaranteed by the
bank. It is not clear where the silver
is. The officials of the bank assert that
Spain withdrew it, but some note hold
' ers say the silver is still held by the
bank, or contend that if the bank al
lowed a withdrawal it is responsible
for the redemption of the notes.
EXTENSION OF TIME
FOR PANAMA CANAL
Colombian Government Disposed to
Take Favorable Action and an
Agent Will Go to Paris.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor<ion
Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia, Jan, 30.— The
dir.6c.tor of .tho canal here has received the
following dispatch from M. Miincina,
special agent in Bogota: "The Minister
of Finnnce communicates officially that
the Colombian Government is disposed to
grant an extension of time for the canal.
A special agent will be sent to Paris
charged with a financial mission. At the
same time he will be empowered to treat
with the canal company in Paris In regard
to conditions for an extension of time."
EARTHQUAKE AND FIRE.
Port au Prince Gets a Shaking and a
Scorching.
Special Cable to The Call and '-New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1593, by James Gor
don Bennett .•• ■• .■ • ■ -_■:
PORT AU PRINCE. Jan. 30.— A severe
earthquake shock was felt here early this
morning. ' ;.
A serious fire broke out here yesterday.
It originated near the "President's palace,
and several dwelling blocks were de
stroyed before it could be checked.
' * — .
Death of Frank Burris.
FRESNO, Jan. 30.— Frank Burris, a na
tive of New York, aged 74 years, died at
his home about throe miles west of this
city yesterday morning. Burris was one
of the oldest and best known citizens of
the county, and came- to California in the
early fifties. The funeral took place this
morning from the South Methodist
Church, of which the deceased was a
prominent member. He leaves a widow
and several children.
'■- ADVERTISEMENTS.
m I CARTERS
SIOK HEAOHi
Positively cured Iby these >
Kittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, I
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- "
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- i
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue '' i
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They ; :
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. .
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price,
A N C E R
,
fvV^jf J and TUMORS CURED
V A ra6»s&k^lrNo KNIFE or PAIN
•j I [pßß&!£taSa^^ No Pay " nti) Cured
*<^ [^^^^ Any lump in a vo-
■ ■_ ■H^^^ B '^ man's bTcast is cancer,
%bMMH] v and if allowed to get
raßj large, always poisons
■jjffj IB^^^^\ thogkindßin the arm-
V^' ien *^ c cancer
mOi^^^L^ 1 1 in le ar s e * s
'largo cure is imposßi-
We. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE j
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
.S. R. CHAMLEY, M.0., Office 25 Third St.S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
Strong Drink SsDeatii
OR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the on] positively guaranteed rpmedjfor ths j
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Meianclwly caused i
bj strong drink. ■
WE GtARANTEF FOtR BOXES
to cure any case Trith a positive wriitpn jruar- j
. ante* or rpfunti tbe money, and to destroj t.'ie
appetite for intoxicating liquore.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
. KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT. .
CTDniIG nDHII/ rause * l " Poverty
olnUnO UnlrlNanrt Oeatli. upon receipt
of $10.00 tt6 wii: mall you four [4] boxes and posl- '
tlre TFrltt*n tni»p.in«<>" to cure or refund
.(nrmwif. c".- • ■ - -n ■ ...
GEORGE DAHLEENDER *: CO.. Sole Agta.,
2H Kearny st- San Francisco. * • ■
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S G««t
j£f|§ Museum of Anatomy
l^^i 1051irASEETST.t8t.6th4 7tb, S.F.CiL"
: D S a Tbe I-arg»toflukio|l In tb« World. -
Iswl»\ DR JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ijlWf ft. ConmUition free. Wriie Tor Eeok
Wl 1^ Philosophy of Marnaga.
»'. «B MAILED FREE.
P^IDR. HALL'S VIQORATOR
' ■IMT^^H Five 'hundred reward (or any cas*
sSsfi ■■ kb cannot cure. This Btcrc: remedy j
fi ■ Ftops all losses in U hours,«cures
fcgj ragj Emissions. Impotency, Varicocele,
i PrrS f&fn Ccnorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, St-ictures,
yjlhi Uiill Lost Manhood and all wasting er-
|«gl_HHj9 (cctsof self-abuse or excesses. Sent j
■HSshHt' sealed. s2 bottle; 3 bottle?. ss; cu.tr-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
-BTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Als«- '
for sale at 107314 Market St.. S. F. All pri- 1
T»t« diseases quickly cured. Send for free book. I
y^^ l^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^&txtHt <>— <* KEABSY ST. Established
ffl* I ?""■» ln JS5* for the trfiatment c.l privata
EoLiA,-.iSHw I>iswisfs, Manhmid. or
025 KEABSY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment <~.f Private
niseiises. Ixwt Manhood, lability or
BBk SSiSffll disease wearing on body ilndr.ilnd and
wee 9 .Skii\ t)i»Piu«vs. Thedoctorcureswhen
othtipfall. Try him. Charges low - ;
J%SSasBiS23 i'iiri"»eiiar«ni««««cl. Cnllorwritc.
»r. J. I. tiIBBONi Box 1997, San Franclsca
&Co.^ff^
E i)
■VSS^S'6 MARKET"sii?s!^SS»V . I
r : \ BA2XP.O TRAVEL.
':-■"-{'■: _ ■ i. • '. ■
California
. ~> ; \. 1 • •• • ■ '' >• ;.."si ■
Santa fe Route -
ConnectinK'Ovyi Tr-in L-ivos i- •' '
Francisco via Los Anareles at.li* ,
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES- j
DAY; FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:62 A. M. thT |
following. Thursday. ' Saturda / ■
and uesclav— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday .
, and Wednesday. , :.%■
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car ■ and Elactrio
Lighted Sleeping: Car. .., />
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
' Overland Express. '
SAS FRANCISCO TICKEOfTICE — 529 SI; ] :
' TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. . .
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
s Sacramento offic3— 23l J Streab.
; S»n Jost Office— West Santa Olara Si j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Scusslit* Parry.
FKOM SAN.FuA.NCiaCU To MiLL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. i
WEEK DAYS— *S:3t>. 11:00 a. m. ; n:45. •
5:4?..' 6:15,' »6:0u, 6:30 p.-m.: • ....-....•
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael ■ on Mon- i
days, AVeUnesdays and Saturdays at 11.30 p. m.
■ SI'.NDIVS- *B:W, *10,W), 'll:S0 v. % m. ; 'lai, '
2:00. N:3O. I:]S \>. m. : ' .' . . :
. Trains marke'l • run to San Qufntln.
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO -SAN FHANCISPO.
WEEK DAYS— •6:33.7:15, »5:30 a. m.; ! .
♦l?:? 0. E;SO, •S.tM, 5:05-p. m. \>. ■. 
. EXTRA - TRIPS OQ .Mondays. \Vednest3ay«
and Saturdays nt C:4O p. m. • "'
, SUNDAYS— 6;2O. 'S:^ 'IO^O. • 1:65 a. m.j
•1:15, *S:10. ♦;40, »6:20 p. m. , , - • ,
•'. Trains niarkeil • ftnrt from San Quentln. . ■
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FP.ANCISCO. I
•WEKK DAYS— B:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m • i
12:35. 2:45. 3:50,.v:20 p. m.
.; EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays' \
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUN DAYE-^S:^. .10:05 a. m. 18:05, 1:20. X:ZO.
t:00, 6:20 p. m. • •* - ■• •- - s ■
• >■:?■ . THROUGH TRAINS. ">;■? '
7:10 a.m. week days^-Cazadero and way sta'ns
1:45 p.na. Saturdays— Duncan - Mills and way
stations. ■ . .
1:00 a.m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's. !
.■' :-■■/■' :■■■' .- ■ ■■■■;,? ■■■-■•- ■.-..'-.»■-
AUCTION SALES.
BANKRUPT
SALE.
William H. Leahy, trustee of the estate oi
Adam Hannah, bankrupt, will sell at public
aurticn to the Highest and best -bidder for
cash, all the personal property belonging to
said bankrupt, at Emmanuel Station. Ban Ma-
teo County, State nt California, at the former
place of business of said bankrupt, on TUES-
DAY, January 31, is? 9, at 2 p.-m.. subject to
the confirmation of the referoe and bankrupt,,
said property consisting, among other things,
of wagons, carts, harness, marble monuments,
tablets, markers, -unfinished granite, granite
base? for monuments, unfinished stone picks/
chisels;, .hammers, .drills.- eta. - ■ . . . .
WILLIAM H. LEAHT,
Trustee.
ELEfiANT NEW FURNITURE
THIS DAY (TT'ESDAYI, AT 11 A. M.
JONES ST.. NEAR O'FARRELL. '->■.
FRANK \V. 11l -H'FIiKHCI.I'. 602 Market St.
—p. »
. BAiXBOAJi TKAVEL.
NOIITHKKJI P*«IKH COMPAHT.
' (PACiriC HV«TKM.)
Trnlna I«-i»t»> »n<l »m <lut< la urrlve mt
NAN riIAN(IS(O.
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
LSAYB — FROIC Dec 18, 1398. ' — arrit»
•OidoVNileg, Bau Jose and Wsy Stations... . *»:4.1a
7;<>Oa ilp>ilci», Wiisuu end .Siicrameijto • 3i*sr
7:O«»a MarysvlHe, OroriUeaiicl Uti'.dlng tI» r
Woodlatid : 5:4.1r
':OOa r.lmira, V»c«Ti!le ami Rmr.ser i B«3f
7:^«a Mu'tinc/. SauUamon.Valiejo, >'apa, .
Calijitosa anil I»o»a 0:15p
StOOA Atlantic lixpress, <>g<]cii and K»st.. 8:l»r
MtiltiA Hun .liiau, • Livcrraoir, Stockton, ' '> .-.,: .-.
lone, Kncißinrnto, . rtille,
MarysTllle, Chlco, It^l UliitT. .'..... 4il»p
K:!IOa Mllton, O»k(la!e»nd.T«meß»owTi,.. 4tlsr
ttioo\ MarMuez. Tncy, Lathrop, (jiockwn. " •:
Mero-Jil »nd fresno 12: lap
tttldU Fmuo, Httwer«li«'l.V 5a»U is.ul>*™. :
Los Argrle*, I>eiulng. Xl Psso, ■
Nhw Orleans and Esst «:4.1p
I IO:»Oa Vall,J. , Martlutz and Wa; Stations 7: 13^
ia:OOjt Nile-R. i-ivermiiie. Stockton, Sacra-
mrnto, Mewlotii, Ilanfor.l, V'lisalia, '
I. r.tiTille ftf»»
MiOOp Racn«m«iit<> H(rer Bteiim-ri • "*:OOp
4:()iii> Maiiiiif.-. Ha.ii Uaiiion, Viiilejo,
Naiia, t,'n!ljit,.>i{«, iSuntn I t0rn....... UiICU
4:O«i- Benicia, Vacavllle, ttaora i.to, . .
H'ooilUnd, Knlghts LatiJing,
' MaryßTille, Orovllln IO:i»A
«iB<»p Nlles, Ban Joneiuid Stockton T:l9v
0:OOF8sn Francisco and Los Augeies
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld, Lcs
Anetles....; 9:43\
S:SOp Stockton, Merce.l, FrMiio-. I2:ISy
StSUp Martinez, Tracy. I'imdrjtti, Fresna
.Mojave, tjama w<irhara and Los .».
Anniil.n Si.Ma,
15: OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso, ? '•
Fort Worth. Little Rock. at.
- . Louis, Chicago and East..... 10:45.1
BiZPr rtmita F<i Koine, Ali*i..lu i.kkircsd
tor Mnjmc Mid Kust : O:-Si»i>
fl:Ol)p l^iinipcnn .Mnll, Ogili-n and KtM.:.'. '9:45a-
•:0«p Haywards, NllessndHsn Josa 7:«5a
••;•<>>• VafleJti.: 18il5p
<7tOOp Vallcjo, Port Cotta »nd Way Sta- '
, :ttans_..« J»:4i>l-
-6iOOi>Orrn'»i l';«i>7iHui,Sucriiiin'iit(i. Mar>.i-
- •ille, Knililliif. I'i.itlnnd, l'uget;
H«iniitl anil l'.a»t •«!»*
«l>»:O3p Suaist Lioilted. Jftasco. Los
Angaleg, El Fuo, Sew Or!e»n» ' ■
an<f F^it blt*Hr
! " SA>" LKASDKO k*\t lIWWAKIK MX Al,.
_ . (Foot o( Market Stn-et.)
~" ' }lc-lro<<f, Si-minarT I'Mrk, 7 . ; ,
g:OOA Kilrlilmrt-. Klmhurnt, «i«sa
i0:O«a Man l.rsailrn, Konlli Saa (*9:4>l\
lO.ixia Leamlro, Otudillo, 10:1.1 a
<1I;O«a ■ Loronxo, Clierrr . • *? : ii? p .
a:«Op n»yw«U.' «l:^3P
7iOo i Runn tbrougl. to Nlles. ' '*"
j t From Nllcs. I
COAST IUVI*»I»N (Narrow (innse).
i ■ (Foot of Mitrkct Street.) ___«
8:15 a Newark. C>ntorv:lle.Hsn Jose.Kelton. ..::■,< ■
Boalder Cn?«k,aant»Or(iz and Way . . _ •• ■,
etation*. 9t»O»
*»ilBp Ceiitervllle, Ban Jose, New
AlmadAD, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Bftn«« Cruz and l'rindpal Way
Station*. ! IO: *!?*
4:13p Newark, San .Joje and Los Gates... 0:30 a ,
t11:43p Hunters' Kxcnwion, San Jose and '■■-■'
Way Bt«rio;ii - \ltmi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ',''.■
rremS&R m»NCISCO— of JJirkel Streat (Slip 8)—
•7:15 . 9:dO 11:01) a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 13:08,
•1:00 ' 18:00 ..'*«. ; oor.«i.
rr«mOaUND-FcBt«rßra»dw«T.— "6:oo 8:00 ]0:00i.ll.
412:00 «l:09 t2:00 ti.-QO - -B:OQf.M.
(OASI IMVISiON (liroad (Jange). T~;
-' v- (Third mid Townsend Sta.) '
7:ooa' Haii .lo»c iiml \<"ay lSl»t.i, (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) li 30»
9iooaH»u J.wa, Trea l'lncm. Suul.i d'nis. .
>•'■-- l'tteilio (Jrovn, l'aso Ki>hli«. Wttii • >
Lnfs Olilsi«>, auadaUi[i«, -->urf aud
• Priiidiiwl W»y Btßtl..»s -I:1O|>
IO:4»a Sun. lon. mi.l Way BUtl<Mia »BiOO*
! 11::;»a San Joso au.l Way Stations Bi3Sa
•2i-t3rBi.il Mateo, K«dwoOd. Menio Park, ::;.,>•
Palo Alto. Santi Clam, San .lose,
Gtlroy. Holl^ter, Haiita Criti. ".»..;>
Sa!lna«, M<m:-M.-y and Pacillc
nrnH •• ....... *IO:3«A
•aiSOpSanJose ami Way Stations »O:i»«*
•l:l»i- SanJoieaiMl Principal W*y Stations «»45«
•5:00p San Josa and Principal ">Vay Stations 0:33 a
3:30r S»n.l<>B9 v»l PriucipulWuy .Statlpns 5:« op
fl:»«r San au.l Way 5tati0n5.. .......' 7:3<»r
tll^si» 3an Joso an>i Way Btatlmis 7:30p
AforMornlng. . . P for Afternoon.:, i 1
' " Nniinays sxcei>te<l. t Suna&y* only .iSatiinlaysonlf,
«f Mondij-s atjd Tlmrsdays. nTn^udays and Saturdays. '
I *-Utu-'lit-*!*h4 Wndnmiayii. bTlinred*vs and Bund&xs. ]
CiLIFOENIA NORTBWESTE2N El. CO.
• lessee ;v" •/ ':*■
iUH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
" RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburao F»rr>, Foot ol AUrkat St. . ;
__JB AN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFASIa. ■ ,
"EEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. ra. ; U:J».
: t:>o, 6:10. 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— trtf
at 11:30 p. m. B»turdays— Extra trips at 1:»«
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS-BKW. -9:M, 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. »:««.
6:00, f:» p. m. i '. - f
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. liao a. m.; 11:45.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trtpa *S
1:66 and 6:la B. m. . - .
6yNDAYB-1.:16V, 9:40. U.IO a. «.; I:4* *.«t
1:00 6:15 P. m. •• • • ■■ ■
Between Sun Francisco and Schustzen Park.
; same schedule asabove^ ..
Leave Arrlv* •
; Ean Francisco. In Eftect San Francisco. •
. ■ 1 October Is. ■ ■ '' ■
i Week Sun- IS9B. , Bun- Week
; Days. days. | Destination. days. Days.
! T:toam s:ooatn Novato. 10:40 am B:*>am
I 1:30 pin i:Boun>d' Petaluma. 6:Wpm»:Sam
; t:lopia 6:0«pnl Santa Rosa. 7:Bspm <:81poi
• i • , " Fulton, . ' ■
tJflain ', i Windsor. lliKu
. . Eealdsburg.
Lytton, ■ "
, Geyservllle,-
-! 1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3s pea t:npn»
I Bopland and
J:Joarn B:Coam L'kiuh. 7:36 pm 6:21 pm
f:Xoam • •'■■ M 10:25
t :00 am Guerneviil*. 7:35 pm
S:to pm ■ .- ' ■■ | ' ■-.•>:■■■■: tMvm-
l:Joam 8:00 am . 6or.oma 10;4Qam B:4aaua
ana ■ ,• • ■
1:10 pm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 8:l0p m B:J3p«a
1-Soam 8:00 am Sebattopol. • 10:4Uam lu:2Sam'
B:3Pl'i« r:ooptn 7:3opm 6:2?pm
'Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprlnfrs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey.
I serville for SJcagg-s Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Spring's.
Highland Springs. Kel»«yvil!e. . Carlsbad
Eprlntrs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartleu
6prtn(ts: at TJkUh for Vichy Bprln£s, Saratov
Bprlrcs, Blue Lakes; Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Bprtngs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,"
John Day's. Rlveratde. Lierley'a. Bucknell's.' .
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Boonerille, Orr*t
Hot Sprlnirs. Mendocino City, Fort Brae*.
• Westport. Usal. Willltts. , Laytonvllle. • Cum.
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dy»r.
Scotia and Eur«ka. ■' r - . •.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates. . : :
' On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . : :.^:
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
B. C. WHITINO, • R. X. RYAN.
Oeoeral Manarer. • ' Gen. Pass. AxenU.
I THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIIJ
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. :
From Jan. 28, 189 S. trains will run as follows:
South-bound _ | • , ■'. • .. , North-bound.
i Pa£s<?n-| Mixed. [ . ' j Mixed. |Pass»n-
t?er. I Sunday '■••*"■;. : ' : Sundayl K^r.
! Dally. OSJW'pWi - Stations. Exc'ptd! 'ally. ;
1 7:2oam|lO:3oam Ktocitton | S:4spm[ 6:Copm
j 9:10 2:o3pm Merced '. ■ 12:40 pmi 4:13 fim.
•10;40am s:Sspm Fresno I o:3o ami 2:42pm
. 11:38 am 7:45pm Hanford | 7:45 Bin 1:45 pr0
■ ■ 2:25pm 12U5iiami C»X< '■■''■ I 2:fQain!lt:oiiain
U:J3 ami 6^s pm Visalla { 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm! « pm ; Tulore \ s:ioani| l:U3pm
Stopping .it int«rmp<lifite p<Mnt» as required.
For particulars of stage and other eonnectioiM ,
'Inquire at Traffic Manager's O.'flfe, S2l Market
i rtrept, San Francisco. '- ■ :'■':: . '.. ' -■.
1 UQUHT lAMALPAIS "SGERiC RAILWAY.'
. ■ ■ . (Via tJau»alUo Kerry.) .- .
Lfsvc Pan Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 31. 189S: .. : . ..-.' ..'
Week Day»— 9:3o a. m . 1:45 p. m. :■ .■
Bundays— B:oo. 10:00. U:3O a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Hound trip from Kill Valley. tl.g?*4&msm*
i Til OS. COOK A BON. Acsnts. «1 Ifarkta
ttreet. Ban Francisco.
910
MUCH MYSTERY
SURROUNDS A
GREWSOME FIND
Amputated Arm Puz
zles Authorities.
NO INQUEST WILL BE HELD
POLICE AND CORONER ARE
BAFFLED.
Theory That It Gives a Clew to the
Fate Oi. Ooetz Is Apparently
the Only Solu
tion.
"AT.AMKDA, Jan. TO. — Th» police and
Deputy Coroner Fowler are imftied in
their effort! t>> dea( up the nivHtrry of
the amputated arm found yesterday in
im empty boxcar near the nil \\nrkn. Ab
solutely no clew im* been obtained to the
Identity of the person who deposited the
iTewsome parcel in the <-;ir. The uncan
ny iitnb ii hiiu ut the Aimni'iia ftforgue
and is apparently ■ white elephant on tho
hands of the Deputy Coroner,
The official! have spent ii day liispect
hiK the vacant building! In the vicinity
■>i the <>ii worka hoping to mcum iobm
clew thai imlklh serve to dear up the
mystery, but they gathered 1 1 1 1 1 * ■ infor
mation of a tangible nature. They have
practically given up hupo of Hoivnig the
matter,
The arm gives evidence of having been
dlsmemoered for at least two months.
The flesh i« dried on the bones and there
\\a-< practically no decomposition.
From the tips of the Angers th<-> skin
has shriveled uway, klvliik the nails tho
appearance of unusual length. This Is
i\ hui created the Impression that the arm
was once part of the anatomy of a China
man, but i lose Inspection <>' the nails
ihat thej were not coarse and had
1. . n carefully manicured, which >;l\rs ad
ditional force t<> the theory that the arm
Ii that of a white man or possibly a wo
man.
The contention that the. uncanny r«>in
niUlt setv<s as a possible clew to tiio. fate
Idolph <;<H>tz is shared b» many who
have Interested themselves In the mys
terious disappearance of the young man.
He had an api itment with a stranger
near tho I'ark-ntreet ntiitlon «'f th<> narrow
road, ii Is possible that he kept
the appointment, boarded the narrow
hu'ikk train and was Invited off ut Pacific
avenue station. This is within a tew hun
dred feet of the transfer station where
the arm was found, and Is one of the
most lonesome localities in the city.
Qoets had several hundred dollars on bin
pi rnon when he disappeared, and his
i i i. mis believe timt he whs murdered by
men whose object was to secure his small
rapltal. Since the Undine of the ampu
tate ;ii-iii it is believed that If the theory
in correct the deed was committed in tho
vicinity of Mam. da Point, after which
the body was cut Into small pieces and
f gradually deposited in empty cars that
lave carried it far away from the scene
of tiio crime and beyond the possibility
ol securing • clew to the murderers.
Coroner Mehnnann viewed the k«>w
nroe tind to-day and concluded that it
would in' useless to hold an Inquest. H«
admitted that the ease puzzled him and
tlmt for tho want of s. better solution to
thi» mystery ho would have to loan toward
tho theory that tho arm had been thrown
in th<> car by a medical ntudont.
REFUSED TO IMMURE
SINCLAIR IN AN ASYLUM
JUDGE HALL DECLARES HIM-
SELF EMPHATICALLY.
Delivers a Scorching Lecture to Those
Concerned— Hints That Ob
stacles Are Being In
terposed.
t' kland Office Ban Francisco Call,
lies Broadway, Jan. SO.
Superior Judge Hall to-day refused to
direct l>;tvlil Sinclair to place his brother
ward, Thompson w. Sinclair, In a local
home for the cure of Inebriates, and Inci
dentally delivered s scorching lecture to
the president of the home in question,
also Anon;. \ IS, J. Bennett and the "Jag
cure" .is well.
Recently i>a\i<i Sinclair was appointed
guardian of ius brother, Thompson w.
Sim-luli. who. a tew we.-ks ago, volun
tarily liini himself arrested and placed in
the County Jail so as to keep out of the
reach »■(' liquor. While in Jail Attorneys
V \\ Sawyer ami k. j. Bennett visited
the unfortunate man and agreed in unit-
Ins to get him out of Jail and secure for
him iiis share in his mother*! estate, it
ih sai.i, in fact, that tie assigned tiis whole
Interest to the attorneys "for its better
pi otection."
i..i>i week the ward petitioned Judge
Hall to direct his guardian to placo him
in a local homo, where, it is claimed the
liquor habit can be cured at a cost of $223,
Inrludlni board for four weeka,
The guardian bitterly opposed this ap
plication and was represented by M C.
Chapman. A number of witnesses were
examined, among them Dr. A. it. Barnes
president of tho home in Question. Thomp
pon \v. Btnclalr also took the stand and
told fi remarkable story. u<> denied iirst
that he had ever been committed to the
Insane asylum at Qrand Baplds.Mlch., and
Mid h« went there voluntarily, rvmaininir
there about four months; that be h.».i
fought the liquor habit for twenty years
that he had acquired an Insatiable
tlto for alcoholic drink from the (act that
when a boy he was sick for several years
and during his sickness was unabli to
partake of any food except whisky and
occasionally mush. He bested to be
placed in an Institution where he might
be cured, notwithstanding that he failed
to be cured on several previous occasions.
Attorney Bennett charged that an effort
was being made to railroad his client to
an yium at San Bernardino, but Judge
Hall quickly interrupted, saying:
"I have read the contract between tho
attorneys an<l this man and have my
idea of the attorneys' Interests. You can
readily obviate all this trouble bj de- ;
stroying that contract.
"If this man hadn't fallen into the hands
Of the attorneys his brother would prob
ably have had him sent to some good In
stitution. There seems to be ■ disposi
tion to throw obstacles Into the guar
di.m's path.
"Judging from Dr. A B. Barnes, on the
Stand, I would not put this unfortunate
man under his care, If I were his guard
ian. Though Barnes has conducted this
Institution for s year, he gives a list of a
few names of those who he lias cured.
The last name la that of Thompson \V.
Sinclair, and two others have relapsed.
There Is one name, E. Richmond, who has
been In the Institution but six days, and
who Is In a condition that If he were out
he would make ■ break for the first sa
loon. • .
"I have no confidence In it. If I were
the guardian i would consider that this
man cannot be cured, unless he Is kept
away from It constantly. Attorney Ben
nett Is not iustirlcl In assuming that the
guardian will not do unythlnK for Thomp
son \\\ Sinclair."
Quardian Sinclair now proposes to bring
suit against Attorneys Sawyer and Ben
nett for the purpose of rescinding the con
tract \ sting Between these attorneys
and his brother.
An Artist's Funeral.
OAKLAND. Jan. SO.— The funeral of the
late John H. B. Partlnpton, the well
known urtist. was hold this aft ernoon
from his late residence In Kast Oakland.
Dr. J. Q. SunderUnd of the Kirst Uni
tarian Church conducted tho services.
The pall-bearer* were: R. D. Yelland.
Marlua l>ahlgrcn. 11 N. Bruenn, C. KiJwtn
Markham, Geonce StlrlinK and YV. H.
l^tmert. The Interment was at Mountain
View.
DEMOCRATS ARE
PROMISING A
STRONG TICKET
Everything to Date Is
a Great Secret.
NO MAYOR YET NAMED
FITZGERALD FACTION HAS NO
VOICE IN CONVENTION.
The Laymance Wing Has Everything
Its Own Way and There Will
Be War Until the
Election.
Oukland Oflle« Kan Francisco Call,
wh Broadway, Jan. 30.
To-morrow evening the Democrats will
hold a city convention, and there 1h much
speculation regarding tho candidate who
will be nominated. Bo far no jihiuph ap
pear to havo aufllclent support to Justify
calling them candidates. Yet those In
control of tho convention declare that a
tlckot will bo nominated that will, bo a
credit to tho Democratic party of Oakland
and which will merit the confidence of all
tho voters.
The situation Is vpry puzzling. Tho ma
chinery of tho party has pu£Ht-<l from
one wing to unotlu-r ami is now controlled
by thoßo who were formerly In the mlnor-
lty on the city committee but not In the
party at large, it 1h Interesting to noto
thai Con Brosnahan, who was chairman
of tho County Centra] Committee whllo
It. If. Fitzgerald was In power as a Dem-
OCratlC leader. Is now chairman of tho
Committee Of Twenty-one, which is com
posed of UJltl-KltZßerald forces. BrOBIUL
hnn in not now a candidate tor any office
and Is therefore free to do all the politics
he pleases, and apparently lie, pleases to
do ii great deal.
Many names have been suggested for
the Offices at the head of the ticket, but
in) one seems to know anything definite.
Those In control of the convention ex
press great confidence that they will bo
able tO PUt up a Strong Democratic tick
et. The opposition declares that this Is
an Impossibility, for no strong Democrat
ic ticket can be nominated under .such
auspices. Everything IS In abeyance, and
to-jnoriow evening tho nut win be
cracked.
it is rumored that some of the candi
dates nominated by the independents will
be endorsed by the Democrats to-morrow
nijfht. but Uilk is strenuously denied by
some of the party leaders, who affirm that
Hon." imt straight Democrats win b«
nominated :it their convention.
Mayor Thomas appointed l>r. I». D.
Crowley to-day a member of the city
Hoard of Health The vacancy was caused
by the resignation oflDf. U.K. Ryfkogel.
An ordinance was recently passed creat
ing the office of City Bacteriologist, and
Dr. HvfkoK*l. who Is a well-known bacte
riologist and analyst, will probably be ap
pointed to the position.
AGE FORCES FATHER
KING TO SEEK REST
HE WAS FORTY-FIVE YEARS IN
THE MINISTRY.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
yos Broadway, Jan. K.
The venerable Father King has at last
decided to retire from the active manage
ment of the affairs of his parish. When
Oaklted was not Father King was. nnd
Ills name lias l>een inseparably connected
with the history of this city from its
foundation. Father King and Father .ak
erly. who died a year ago, are names that
have always been linked together in
speaking of ecclesiastical affairs in uak
laml.
For forty-live years Father King bus
been in the cutiu.iiv ministry on this
coast, and thirty-four of those years have
been passed in Oakland. The respect in
Which he Is held Is not confined to mem
bers of the creed which he represents
tor the aged priest has been among Oak
landers so long that many who used to
refer to Father King ami Father Akerly
did not know who was the Catholic and
who tii< episcopalian.
At the dose of his sermon yesterday the
reverend gentleman stated that two year*
ago he suggested to Archbishop Riordan
the advisability of appointing an admin
istrator to look after the financial and ma
terial interests of the parish, leaving the
pastor free to attend to the spiritual work.
The matter was held in abeyance, but
Father King, now In bin seventieth year,
believes It for the best interests of all
concerned that he should retire from the
management He does not intend to leave
the church or to In any way sever his
spiritual connection with his Mock, but,
although vigorous for his age, he real
ises that lie Is physically unable for
all the work that devolves upon an active
pastor.
When Father King took charge of the
parish, thirty-four years ago, his pasto
rate Included all the territory from Pinole
to Alameila and from the hay to San 1.,e
--andro At that time this vast territory
did not probably Include I.VOOO souls.
CHOSE HIM FOR
CLASS PRESIDENT
BERKELEY, Jan. ,30. — Roy Victor
Nye. a member of the present grad
uating: class of the University of
Calif ornta, was to-day elected class
! president In one of the most closely con
tested elections 'UM college has ever
known.
Four candidates wero In the field when
the class held Its meotlng for the pur
j pose of nominating oflcen for the last
term of the college course. Of these, two
; withdrew tiiis morning. Of the two re
; mainlng Nye secured the honor, defeating
his opponent by a vote of S4 to 76.
Nye Is looked upon by his associates
as being woll qualified to fill the position
i-f executive responsibility to which he
has boon Sleeted, having already served
with distinction upon several of his
olttas committees. He Is one of the nve
students who were the tirst to be elected
to the honorary fraternity of Phi Beta
Kappa from the present senior class.
The remaining . officers elected were:
First vice president, L. ■ N. Scott: second
vlee president, W. B. Scott; secretarr.
Miss K. Wolfenden; treasurer. Roscoe L. >
l.opan: serKennt at . arms. TV. ■ H. Steb
hlns; executive committee — Bart L.
Thane. Karl P. Hoffmann, Seth It Tal
cott, J. M. Mannon. Miss J. C. Epplnxer.
Miss Edith BonnelL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
MONSTER WATER
TANK COLLAPSES
Bursting of an Elevated Reser
voir Creates Havoc at Red=
wood City.
■ REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 30.— This city was startled at 8:30 o'clock last
a night by what apparently was a great explosion In the direction of the
5 rlty wuter and eiectrlc light works, but which upon investigation proved
♦ to be the collapse of a 50,000 gallon tank full of water. The Town Trustees
had recently replaced an old tank with a new one upon the framework
O fifty feet above the ground. The work of setting the tank up had been
♦■ completed, and yesterday It was for the first time filled with water. The
°_ woodwork of the tank was kiln-dried lumber and as dry as tinder, and
o In putting it together sufficient allowance was not made for swelling.
♦ The result was the bursting of the heavy iron bands as though they were
? mere threads.
O The engine and boiler room are located beside the framework, and
+ unfortunately the side of the tank toward the building gave way first,
precipitating the entire 50,000 gallons of water and the greater part of the
O tank itself directly upon that portion of the building containing the
♦ pumps, machinery and dynamo, crushing the building as though it were
9 a card house. The boiler room fortunately escaped with little damage.
o Besides the wrecking of that portion of the building completely, the en
♦ gine, pumps and dynamo were all damaged to a greater or less extent.
O The pipes connecting with the tank were wrenched and twisted and
-f some <if them broken off entirely.
9 The place was flooded with water, which ran out upon the streets
O in torrents. As luck would have It no one was in the engine room when
-f the accident occurred. Engineer James Stalter having gone home to his
? supper and his son, (Jus, being busy with the fires in the boiler room.
O It wus remarkable that no person was killed, for usually on Sunday even
-♦■ ings there are numerous parties Inspecting the works. The electric lights
9 which are run from the water works were immediately extinguished and
O the town left in darkness until the moon appeared.
-f The water works system here consists of a large framework upon
9 which are situated three f>o,ooo gallon tanks, two of them being about
O fifty feet above the ground and the other about twenty-five feet higher.
+ The collapsed tank was the lower one on the cast side. The tank was
9 put up at a cost of about $500. It is a complete loss. The loss to th«
o building and mnohinery will probably amount to at least $1000 more.
+ Steps will be taken immediately to rebuild and procure another tank,
o
■4- o+o-f o+o-f o-f o-f o+o+o-f o-f o f o -f ♦ o f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o+o-f o-f o
DEPUTIES AND
DREYFUS CASE
Progress on the Revision
Bill.
TURNED OVER TO COMMITTEE
PREMIER DUPUY DOES NOT
WANT TO ACT IN THE DARK.
Major Esterhazy Refuses to Give Tes
timony Until Heard by the
Entire Court of Cas
sation.
Special Plsiiateh to Tho Call.
PARIS. Jan. 30.— The Chamber of
Deputl«a to-day, by a vote of 346 to 189,
adopted the Government's proposal to
submit a special committee of the
Chamber the bill providing that oaweg
Of trial ri'vlslon shall be brought before
the United sections of the Court of Cas
sation.
The report of M. Maseau, First Presi
dent of the Court of Cassation, on the.
charges of M. Quesnay de Beaurepaire,
the former president of the civil section
of that body, will be read before the
committee).
The Minister of Justice, M. Lebret,
introduced the bill and asked that it be
Bent to a committee. It was read amid
profound silence. The preamble of the
measure declaring that the bill was one
of necessity for peace and to restore
calm in the country. was greeted with
applause from the center and murmurs
from the extreme left.
If. George de Berry, representing the
first division of the Seine, said the
chairman was not aware why the.Gov
ernment introduced the bill and asked
for the official publication of the evi
dence in the case of M. Bard, who re
ported on the Dreyfus case to the Court
of Cassation. (Cheers.)
The Premier, M. Dupuy, said he did
not wish the Chamber to vote in the
dark. He was desirous that full light
be thrown on the subject, and . there
fore the Government would submit to
the committee the complete documents
In the case. (Cheers.)
It developed to-day that the Govern
ment proposed at first that only cer
tain revision judgments should be sub
mitted to the entire Court of Cassation,
but the bill, as introduced, provides
that all revisions are to be submitted
to' the entire court The preamble,
after advancing judicial reasons for
introducing the bill, concludes as fol
lows: "The new bill applies directly
to an affair which is now profoundly
dividing the nation. Doubtless the ob
jection will be • raised that the law
Is made to fit a certain . circumstance.
But It is. above all a law of necessity
and appeasement. . We believe that the
Judgment of the entire Court of Cassa
tion will appeal to every one with irre
sistible force and end the agitation
and difference which have too long dis
turbed the nation."
The committee to which the bill was
submitted, will examine- M. Maseau
to-morrow and several of the commlt
teemen intend also to examine the sus
pended Judges.
Major Count Esterhazy has again
been before the criminal section of
the Court of Cassation, but it is under
stood that he refuses to give any fur
ther testimony before the section and
insists upon being heard by the entire
court. ____________
HIS HOUSE FIRED UPON.
Home of a Yolo Farmer the- Target
for Rifle Bullets.
WOODLAND, Jan. 30.— George Sidwell
I ami family live on the Plainneki rend.
| five miles south of Woodland. The in
! formation comos to this city that on Fri
day evening, about S:3O o'clock, five shots
were tired at the residence, the balls lodg
ing In the door. The shots were evidently
tired from the county road, 250 yards
away. A O-caMber rifle was used, which
accounts for the failure of the bullets to
penetrate the door. Mr. Sidwell was sick
I and In bed at the time, but Mrs. Sidwell
was in tho sitting room reading a news
paper. Mr. Sidwell and wife know of no
person who holds any enmity against
thi-m and they are Inclined to the theory
that the shots were fired by a drunken
man.
John Hollingsw orth Dead.
WOODLAND, Jan. 30. -John HolUnss
worth. a plomvr of Yolo County, died yes
terday mornlnK. The funeral services will
be held to-morrow. Mr. liollinfrtiworth
■was prominent in banking- and farming
clrclea. He was one of the founders of
the Bank of Woodland and was for thirty
years a director.
Funeral of Father Hynes.
WOOOLULND, Jan. SO.— A special coach
attached to the regular train this morn
iiu£ carried a large delegation represent-
Ing the congregation of the Church of tho
Holy Rosary to Sacramento to at
tend the funeral services of the late
Father Ilynes. The body was brought to
Woodland this evening and Interment will
take place to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock.
MOURNING IN NAPA.
Rev. William Leacock Dies After a
Brief Illness.
NAPA, Jnn. 30.— Rev. William Leacock,
a native of Tennessee, aged 53 years, died
to-day, after three days' Illness. Mr.
Leaeoek for a number of years was rector
of St. Mary's Episcopal Church. Twelve
years ago he became rector of the church
In Eureka, where he recently resigned
because of declining strength, returning
to Napa. His demise Is deeply mourned.
His widow, a daughter of Captain Joseph
Rowland, and three children survive hm.
TRUSTEES RETAIN OFFICE.
Accusations Against Fresno Officials
Declared Irregular.
FRESNO. Jan. 30.— Judge Webb to-day
sustained the demurrer to tho accusations
to remove tho City Trustees from office
on account of alleged malfeasance. The
court held that the bills were irregular
and Insufficient In form. The cases were
referred to t..e Grand Jury, which was
to have presented Its final report to-day,
but postponed doing so until to-morrow.
Death of a Woodland Boy.
WOODLAND, Jan. 30.— Frank Averne
Pedlur. a former Woodland boy, dlod In
Tucson, Arizona, last Thursday of con
sumption, with which disease he had been
afflicted for some time. The remains
will arrive In Wooodland to-morrow and
be Interred In the family plat In the city
cemetery.
Fire on a Yolo Farm.
WOODLAND, Jan. 30.— The two-story
dwelling on tho farm of C. P. Ualzari,
northwest of Woou.and, was destroyed by
flrc this morning.
LATE SHITPIXCJ INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January SO.
Stmr i'l.\me, Hlsgins, 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
Mr ship B»n Lee, Hunter, 142 days from Ant
werp.
Bktn Archer. McAllnian, 21 days from Hono
lulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan Stmr Pennsylva
nia, for Hamhurg.
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Jan 30-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Servia,
from New York.
HAMIHRG— SaiIed Jan 30-Stmr Pretoria, for
New York. -
FAN FRANCIBCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes str«H>t; open until 9:30 o'clock.
O McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
61." Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22«1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
KM Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and a
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- Jk.
DAY) EVENING. January 31. at 7:30 iK/lt
o'clock. Third degree. Pw '
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13C. F. and A. M.. jiT"
111 Eddy street, meets THIS EVEN- jl
ING. 7i:, o'clock. Third degree. \V
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. /^F>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F and A. «~"
M. THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, at A
7:30 o'clock. First degree. - "gV
A. 8. HUBBARD, Secretary. f\t^
FRANCO-AM Lovlge ■3t"«jtm~
No. 207. I. O. O. P.. will meet at si'Ji*JK-
Odd Fellows' Hall. THURSDAY : *S*3BS&
EVENING. February 2. lnltla- "*v"«* B^
tlon. Members of sister lodges are Invited to
attend. E. BLANQUIE. N. G.
A. QOUSTIAT'X. Rec. Sec. ""
REGULAR meeting Austrian Benevo- ' _.^
lent Society will be held WEDNES- BPJBJ^
DAY EVENING, Fob. 1. 7:30 sharp. HH
All the members nre requested to be PliaK
present for Important business and "^
appropriation. By order
J. L RADOVICH. President.
A. CONNICH. Secretary.
THE adjourned annual meeting of tl<* Work-
men's Guarantee Fund Association will be
held at Its office, room 63, S0» Market street.
TUESDAY EVENING. January 31. at 7:30
o'clock. H. O. PRINCE. Secretary.
NOTICE of annval meeting.— The annual mtet-
; Ing of the stockholders of tf.e San FrancU>» j
and Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be ;
held at the office of the • company, at 327 ;
Market, on the 14th day of February, at 11
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve , for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such other business as
■ may come before the meeting.
. .-. ' W. CLAYTON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company *" of California will
be held at the offices of the company, num-
bers 235. 236, 237 and 23S Crocker Building.-
City and County of San Francisco. State of
California, on MONDAY, the 13th day of
February. 1599. . at . the hour of. 11 ■ o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose -of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before said
meeting. . • .
Dated January 2S. 1599.
JOHN M. BONNER. Secretary. '
! THE regular annual . meeting -of -• the ; stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company, of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company In the Union Trust Company's build-
ing, • corner Montgomery, Post : and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February. ISS9. ■at . the hour
of 1 o'clock p. m.. lor the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the »r*<»ndment - of : the by-laws of
.the compan- and £• the :_ transaction -of ■:. such
- other business a« may come before the meet-
, Ing. .I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE TRESTLE BOARD. »1 per year:; V •' •>
weekly. sc: monthly. 10c; sold by all _^^_
newvdealers. Office. 408 California at., Ijf
I San Francisco. - - r ITr >
DIVIDEND NOTICL.S.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Is hereby given
that at a meeting of the oard of Directors
of the Central Light and Power Company
held this day, an order • was duly adopted'
distributing by way of dividend, on or after
February 1, 1899. to the stockholders of said
corporation, the shares of stock of the Equit-
able Gaslight Company. I:longlng to said
Central Light and . Power Company, subject
to the pooling agreement now in force
Pursuant to said order said stock will be
placed In escrow, subject to said pooling
agreement, in lieu of the certificate Issued by
said Equitable Gaslight Company to said
Central Light and Power Company. By or-
der of the board. - -
. ■ B , J. W. PAUSON, Secretary.
. San Francisco. Jan. 21. 1899.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 89 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st.. on and after Wednea-
day, February 1. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Thursday* January 2«. 1899, at i
o'clock. E. H. BHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES. >
BAD tenants ejected • for $4 collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6530.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-,
alltles can secure same by calling on or ad-»
dressing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.; phone
Grant 120. ! .
COMPETENT woman desires situation as nurse
to invalid or children; best reference; sleep
horn«. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
A YOUNG, strong Swedißh houseglrl wishes
place to assist; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 6ut-
ter st.
A SWEDISH houseglrl, good cook, best refer-
ences, $15: also two second girls, $15 each.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt. ■
A FIRST-CLASS Gorman nurse girl, with
1 good references, wishes situation. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN cook, best of city ref-
erences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 816 Sutter Bt.
GIRLS of. all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HURD'S, 631 Larkln. Telephone,
Sutter 62.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.. telephone Main
6332, girls of all nationalities desire positions.
■ AN experienced dressmaker; $1 60: good cut-
ter; suits remodelled; suits made in 2 days.
Address M., 2526 Mission st.
WANTED by middle-aged woman— Housework;
city or country. Apply 1103 Powell st.
WOMAN wants washing and house cleaning
by tho day; 76c per day. Call or address 550
Mission st.
GIRL 'wishes* a position to do cooking and
washing or general housework; references
from last place. 460 Linden aye., nr. Laguna.
COLORED - woman wishes day's work of any
kind, or office cleaning. Address 19V4 Church
aye., near Powell st., off Broadway.
AN old lady would like home and board; no
money. Call 359 Minna St., bet. Fourth and
Fifth, from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. ,
COMPETENT German girl wishes situation to
do upstairs work or sewing; city or country.
C. M.. box- 1750. Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do 'housework;
wages $10; city or country. Address 212 Minna.
RELIABLE woman wishes to do general house-
work; sleep home. Box 174 C, Call.
SINGLE woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or place to cook; good cook. 148 Third.
GERMAN girl, age 17. wishes place to do
housework; sleep at home. Call or address
253 Tehama st. - \
NEAT Swedish girl would like position as cook
In an American family. 424 Brannan St.,
near Third.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework. 223 Eleventh st. :
RESPECTABLE girl would like a position to
do light housework. Call or address 161 7th.
ELDERLY woman, American. Protestant,
. wishes housework In city where neat clean
work Is required; can do good plain cooking;
wages moderate. Address ojily by letter, 1104
Mission St., room 43. _'
SWEDISH girl desires situation at chamber-
work or general housework. Cull 1314 Baker.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation In
American family to do cooking and light
washing. Call 1024H Geary st. : • ■ ■
UI'SPECTABLE person, " middle-aged. wants
position for housework In small family; do
small wash. Call at 14 Yerba Buena St., off
Sacrnmento st. ■
SITUATION wanted to do housework and I
cooking by a capable New England woman;
best city references; small family preferred.
Apply. 9 a. m. to 6 p. m., 2339 California,
near Fllmore st.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
position to do general housework in small
family: is good plain cook. Apply 673 Har-
rison st. /
GOOD seamxtress, who has .worked at dress-
making, wishes permanent position In pri-
vate family, hotel or Institution, to sew and
do extra light work. Box 1749, Call office.
COMPETENT sick nurse, not trained, but with
long experience and best of references, would
work In city or country. Call 1024 Howard
st., room 3.
REFINED elderly lady would like position at
light housework. Addrets M. A., 268 Golden
Gate aye. .. . . -
COMPETENT woman wants situation: good
cook, baker . and laundress; nationality,
Scotch; references. Address Cook, 615 Larkln
St., branch office Call.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
lady or assist morning and evening for room
and board. Box 1724. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as nurse and
help with upstairs work; references if re-
quired. Call for two days, iU3Vs Bryant st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes to do
washing or cleaning by the day; $1. Apply
• 1920 Mason st.
COMPETENT girl desires a situation to do
general housework in city or country in a
small American family; lately from the East.
316 Sutter st. ■ - '
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with Fewlng or up-
stairs work; good reference. 587 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
- housework and pl»ln cooking: wages $18 or
$20; small American family. 204 FUlmore St.
REFINED woman wishes position as chamber-
maid in respectable hotel. Call for 3 days -
at 945 Mission st. .
YOUNG lady wishes position by the - day as
dressmaker. 1125 Filbert et.
LADIES needing the services of a competent
nurse will , find one at 429 Larkin st.. rooms
14 and IS; I references given. MRS.' M. L.
BROWN. -
MIDDLE-AGED American woman would like
a - position .as housekeeper In small family,
lodging-house or hotel; city or country. - Call
or address MRS. M. 5...112 Jones st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation In small
American family to do general housework;
!. months in America. Call 31 Oak st., cor.
Franklin. ■ .
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
desires legal, architectural, contracting and
letter. work. Address 412 Examiner building.
EXPERIENCED . German nurse in confine-
ments and other sickness • desires engage- j
ments; references. Address M. H., 633 Post.
ENGAGEMENTS Monday and Tuesday, wash-
ing and ironing. Address box 6SS. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
h«lp. GEO. AOKI. SO Geary; tel.. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel.. East 438.
CARPENTER wishes to work in shop: $2 day
in steady place; city or country. 2010 Leaven-
wcrth st, .
A BOY (16). honest and willing, wishes a po-
sition in a family or store to do light work
j and to be able to attend the day or evening
school. A.: V. ORUSNXQBN, 615 .P ost St.
GOOD reliable mechanic, cabinetmaker, carpen-
ter and Frvnch polisher, can repair your fur-
niture ami willing to work for room and
| board and small wages. . Box 1741. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man. 30 years: un-
t derstands thoroughly the care of fine horses
'and carriages; handy with all kinds tools;
can furnish good references. Address C. E.
WILSON. 127 Tv ft. - - •
MIDDLE-AGED German (mßrried) wants posi-
: tlon as porter or for housework: handy with
! tools and painting. E. X.. S2 East Park St.,
! - near Thirty-third st.
POSITION •by ■ respectable young man. with
good references: considerable experience with.
creamery plants: anything of respectable na-
ture will do. Address H. F.. 523 Folsom st. .
ENGINEER. 30 years of age; strong and ac-
tive: repairing. . pipe fitting - and ' putting up
j •of - all kinds of machinery; flrst-class refer-
; ences. '■■■ 80x<1742, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a German gardener; a
good propagator and can take care of horses;
handy with tools. " Address Gardener, box
15SS. Call office. ' . ■
YOUNG . man : with business education • wishes
employment - in - some < wholesale > house • or ' of-
.'.? fice; "has experience In' liquor business. Box"
< 1740,' Call of flee. , - '
SITUATIONS -Continued^
c'Apl^T^-rde^er; life «cf ri g lc sjn 1 all
branches; references. Address H. 8., box 1<37,
Call oflfce.
YOUNG German butcher, with 3 years' ex-
perience, wishes a iteady position. Box 1<47.
Call office. .
ioßEßTmiddle-aged man (SwissKwants posi-
tion as dishwasher, vegetable •man or bed-
maker in small hotel, boarding house or res-
taurant. Address box 1744. Call office.
EXPERIENCED porter, handy ! a B hor box
also with tools, desires position. 8., box
1372, Call. ' ;
<TrrTTATTOK wanted by young man, 36, Ameri-
can ius? from the ' East, to work with painter
anS-g 3 eneral7obblng man; can paint and var-
nish* handy with tool-; good reference. Box
1370, Call. " . ■ -
SITUATION wanted by a reliable 33, of
cd d o a genrr a !-ho US^rkrr r rfce fer e f nc h e°fro S m as
employer. Box 1371, Call.
ALL-AROUND butcher, pork packer and sau-
sage maker looking for a Job. Address
FRANK BENDER. 442 V& Jessie st.
YOUNG man, able to correspond in . Eng lish,
French and German, and speaks Russian, de-
sires to Improve his position. Address ROUb-
SEAU. 656 Castro st. .
PRACTICAL electrician, thoroughly under-
standing arc lamp, meter ai.d dynamo work,
dealrea position. Address _L______bo __134. Call.
BARBERS-Good barber wants work for $9 per
week; city or country. Address • Barber, box
1733. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED single man wants position to
make himself useful about place, city or
country; good driver, . gardener, handy with
tools: references. R. G.. 1649 . Everett St..
Alameda. -
iITUATION wanted by competent German to
tend horses, cows, garden and outside work
on private place; suburbs preferred: refer-
ences from best families in St. Louis. Box
1679. Call office. "■■■"■-•
POSITION by married middle-aged German;
good carpenter and general worker; ranch or
estate preferred; go to any place; steady po-
sltlon. A. PHILLIPS. Shotwell st.
BY young man of experience in asylum or to
wait on Invalid gentleman; references from
asylums in England and Australia. A. J.,
' 109 Fifth b\. . _____
GARDENER. English, single. '38-, life experi-
ence wishes situation as gardener or unaer
gardener on private place: flrst-claas vege-
table grower, etc. Box 1667. Call office.
COMMERCIAL traveler, well and favorably
known in California, desires engagements for
coast business; salary, commission or botn.
Apply box 1644. Call.
YOUNG . Frenchman wants a situation In an
American family; wages no object: wants to
- perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C. 843 Pacific st.
WINCHESTER house, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. :
BY man and wife; first-class cook or laun-
dress; man In or outdoor work; hotel or pri-
vate; country preferred. Call or address W.
6,.. 1125»i Mission at. ,
BAKER on cakes and bread wants situation;
experienced. Address 920 Post st.
BTE AD Y. young man wishes position in store;
speaks English and French. 2328 California.
HIGH School boy of IS wishes to learn the drug
business. Box 1643. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one* year for $1,
postage paid.
HELP WASTED FE3IALE.
LAUNDRESS, country, $25; ' second girl, Ala-
meda, $20, 2 in family; second work and sew-
ing, $25; ranch cook, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. .. .
NEAT young girl, light housework. $15; cook,
$35, first-class Jewish family; cook, $25 to $30,
boarding house, country; working house-
keeper, $20; French maid and seamstress, $25;
French nurse, $25; nurse girl; housework, San
Rafael, $25; Alameda, $25; San Jose. $20; 15
housework girls, city, $12 to $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
C WAITRESSES, city and country, $20 each;
2 waitresses, same city hotel, $20 each; wait-
ress, St. Helena, $20; 2 second girls, city, $20
and $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt. ;
WAITRESS. Bakersfleld, fare paid; 2 wait-
resses, Hanford, same hotel, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ;
NURSE girl, care 1 little girl 3 years; sleep
home. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, • $30; • French second girl,' easy
place, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED middle-aged woman as . working
housekeeper; country; $10; see lady here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TSTURSE girl, $15; 2 restaurant waitresses, $6
per week each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
INVALID'S nurse. $15; girl, assist kttchen, $15
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper; widower's family; $15
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., "Phone, Grant IS5—
6 waitresses, different country hotels, $20, $25;
3 waitresses, city, $20; 4 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6 week; one more chamber-
maid. Southern California, $20; 2 waitresses,
hotel arm work, $20. see party here to-day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK for small hotel short ways in country,
no bread baking, no pastry and no dishwash-
ing, $25;- young Eastern woman preferred.
C, R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT Scandinavian or German girl for gen-
■ eral housework and assist with children; no
washing, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. .■ ." .
NEAT nurse girl, who understands care of
small baby. C. R. HAN'SEN & CO., 104
' Geary street.
SECOND girl, two In family. $25, see party I
here 10 a. m. ; cook, small Jewish family, $25;
French second girl, country. $25. and a great
many girls . for cooking and general house-
work, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary streeet. ■
MURRAY & READY Phone, Main 5548
WANT TO-DAY
Waitress, take charge dining room, country
hotel •
■Waitresses, different country hotels $20
Girls for housework, different country places
...; $15 and $:0
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
S COOKS In American and German families,
$25 and $30; 2 laundresses and chambemaids,
$25; young second girl, $15; girl for house-
work, a short distance. 2 in family, $25; 3 ■
■ cooks In boarding house and restaurants. $T0 j
and $25; and girls for cooking and housework
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT i: CO.,
316 Sutter st. ■ _^
10 WAITRESSES in hotels and restaurants, |
city and country, $20; chambermaid, wait one
meal, $20: tand others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK. $35; house girl. $30. umail family; cook,
$25; Irish houseglrl, $25; 2 German girls, same
house, $25 and $15: nurse, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, • 313 Sutter st.
HOTEL cook. $35; cook. German style, $30: se\>
ond girl. $20; nurse girl. -$15: young girl to j
assist, $10; middle-aged woman, country, $J0;
housegirl. Mill Valley. $25: family ofjj. Ala-
meda. $25; Berkeley, $2#: San RafaelJ $»: ?3
house girls, city, $15 to $30. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS. $15 and $1S: German coo»C
$30: nurse girl, $12; 10 girls for housework.
MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
WANTED— Woman to help in restaurant
kitchen; sleep home. 830 Howard »t.
GIRL - for general housework, 3 In family;
wages $15. Call 3014 A : Sacramento st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no chil-
dren. 1930 . Sutter St. ■
GIRL, must, speak German, to ass.M with ,
baby 2 years old. ' Apply between S and 10 :
a. m. 2643 Bryant aye, near 25th i«t.
GOOD reliable girl who can do plain Cvxvklngr.
for Merced City. 202 Second st.
WANTED— girl to assist in general house-
work. 509 Hayes st. •
WANTED— girl for light hou»ew<mfc,
679 Guerrero St., between 4 and I p. ra,
COAT finisher; must be experienced t'»tt->n- :
hole maker. 251 Eighth st., Oakland.
WANTED— for general hou*r» Apyly
3448 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
WANTED— GirI for light housework -:• '. rl*hx
' cooking: $12. X'"'-_ Capp St., near S*veßte*nth^
GERMAN girl' for bakery .trui «s»Ut 1» UsJvi
housework; $S. Bakery. S!d am) lvK>:v< ?i»
A NEAT for light h ujru.tK wajg«a lIS,
• 1308 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED. girl as nur*« tor two s»>,tU
: children and assist with second wvik; (,Hty
i reference. 2C>l6 Pine St.. near Pierce
GIRL for shooting gallery. tH Dujwat *t,
GIRL to assist at housework; no w*»hla<; *_;
, per week. 153 Octavia"»W after W»,■ W- .
YOUNG girl to assist in li*ht «-u«-«v! vV.I
• 1311 Laguna st. 
GOOD plain- iron- ■ and starviw*. *"l*i
Elizabeth st.. bet. JSd and »4th. »**i *i ,V*ir\,.
WOMAN for cooking and *- hou»«\M.Hv . ujT
MRS. HERMAN' « Steuart *t.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts: b«»t Myi
steady work. MLKNN FK '.. \i \.\ AXv, U
Battery st. -
2 LADIES of rood address can mak* Ji;» t» i\\
per week at homt. SJI Kc-rny c. s tvsu\'\v
HELP W.yyTE-*— Contlnned.
„,_, o «#'oii nntlonalitles wanted to fill various
Gl p^Uons GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OF-
FICE, 418 Powell st. ,
- ii>c a r-T icq finisher on custom coats;: also
F S rt;or^f_jy_apprenUce. 528 Howard Bt.
n'iwTPn_A young German girl "of good ad-
d^sJ and"abimv I* saleslady and cashier ia
a bakery- one having the necessary expe-
rience; ™ne others need apply. Address K.
W.. box 1723. Call office. .
WANTEDr-Experienced operators to sew oa
W * K I ih?ru Tand underwear; a few inexperi-
enced' 4ni be taught. between O^am.
and 2 p. m. at tb.9 I* ELKUH _v.. za-ai uai-
' tery »t.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrti;
a f e w inexperienced hands taicen and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED machine operators and trim-
mers on straw hats. California Hat Co., 557
Mission st. . ;
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISg
WELLS' Emp. Of., 1243*4 Park st^Alarned^
HELP WAVJM-O AlAliiJi^
A PORTER: easy place; $10 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MURRAY & READY Phone. Main 5543
Leading Employment and Laborer Agents.
Want to-day '■■
6 wood choppers •• •*■• corci
84 tiemakers Be. 9c and 12c eacfi
5 laborers, fare 50c ."•**, da -,'
9 farm hands $26, $25. $20, $15 and four.JL
3 choreboys for ranches, private places
Farmer and wife nice ranch, ..........
15 tunnel header men »Z 50 d.v
- 3 boys to work in offices $3 w«
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
SCOTCH gardener, $25 to. $30 arid found; sheet-
iron worker, $9 to $12 week; man to tako
charge of a creamery. $50; 2 grafters for an
orchard. $26 and found. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK for a saloon; cook for private family;
12 cooks, different places, $30 to $50; 3 ranch
cooks, $18 and $20 and found; German hotel
cook, country, $40 and found; porter for a sa-
loon, city, $15 and found; plain waiter and
make a few beds, $20 and found; 5 waiters*
for different places, $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— farmers and wives, $40 and $32 50;
miner, $40; handy man for orchard, $15; cook
and wife, $50; Japanese boy for housework,
$16; handy man with tools and assist in en-
gine room of hotel, $15 to $20 and found; in-
door servant, $30; and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT <_ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BOOTBLACK, city job. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, Phone Grant 183.
Railroad teamsters, $20 and board.
Laborers, mountain railroad, ship to-night.
2 miners, $2 50 a day, tunnel work.
■ 2 sheetiron workers, $9 to $12 a week.
Hostler, country " livery stable, $25 and
found.
B woodsmen. See boss here, $1 75 a day.
6 coal miners. 10 section men for rallr
work in the woods, $1 50 a day.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary.
PANTRYMAN, hotel, $25; bell boy, $15; cook.
$30;, cook and wife, $50. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 . Geary street.
EXPERIENCED foreman to take entire charge
of a steam shovel outfit; call early, see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— Laundryman, institution, $30; gar-
dener, near; city, $20; choreman, French or
German, near city; porter for wine and
liquor store, German, $10 a week; broiler, $45;
cook near city, $30; cook for few men on
ranch- pantryman, hotel, $25; potwasher, flrst-
class house, $30; dishwasher, flrstclass hotel.
$25; dishwasher, $15, and others. ANDRE'S,
316 ■ Stockton st.
COOK and wife for delicacy store; $50. J. F.
CROSETT. & CO., 316 Sutter st. \
WANTED— first-class hotel cook, $100; flrst-
class baker and pastry cook, $60 to $76. i Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— man. not under 25, as sales-
man for butter and milk depot in city; refer-
ences required; $30 per month and found. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st. . -
2 STRONG boys to learn trade, $5 a week; Ger-
man gardener, country. $25; blacksmith to
rent country shop; tie and post makers; ax-
men to make laggings. R. T. WARD & CO.,
; 60S and 610 Clay St. . . , ■ "
BOY wanted: must speak German. JOHN
HUSCHLER. 235 Kearny St.. S. F., Cal.
WANTED— Elderly man; lodging: house. USH
Second st. /
WANTED— RetaiI salesman familiar with gro-
cery or crockery business; give reference and
wagea expected. Address Box 1745, Call office.
WANTED— First-class mineral water, bottler: .
, also good mineral water salesman to sell and
deliver. 218 McAllister st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS,. 24 Sutter et.
A GOOD tailor on coats. Apply at 251 Eighth
St.. Oakland. ,' .
GOOD bootblack: good wages. 1715 Market st.
INDUSTRIAL insurance agents to canvaes
and collect; to men displaying ability rapid
advancement guaranteed. Apply N. HOFF-
MAN, 511 Montgomery st. - ■ .- .
WANTED— First-class saloon porter; $30; call
early. 36 East st. i 2____- ; '
WANTED— dishwasher for restaurant.
137 Fourth st. . • '. .■
YOUNG man; drive wagon; assist in meat
market: Western Addition preferred; refer-
ences. 1612 Post st.
WANTED— office and errand boy. Call
after S:3O, room 47. 819 Market st. " : ; *
GOOD barber; young man: wages and board.
527 Castro St.. near Nineteenth. ---*■••
WANTED man; established cash busi-
ness; good for $15 to $1S per week; must hava
$150 cash. National Exchange. 7 ■ Grant aye.
FOURTEEN young men to go south; coma
early; no fee charged. 26 Steuart st.
$100— BARBER shop: 3 bathtubs; country. Ap-
ply at 119 Fourth st. ,♦.,;
RECRUITS wanted for, the United State* Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United State*,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolk'.n. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larg*
rooms. 2Sc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes. soza»
nearly new, from 60c !to $150; new shoe*. '
slightly damaged, ont-half price. 563 Miisioa
st.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
SHOE Utter as partner. Inquire Golden*
Leather »nd Shoe-Finding Store. 467 Sixth St.,
b*t. \Vnsh-.r.ston and Broadway. Oakland.
SOBKR. steady man for office: small capital;
r*r* chance; investigate. 41 Third, room 5.
EXPERIENCED dress, rancy. domestic and
- wen's furnishing salesman Box 1727. Call.
YOUNG man. German, for Innoh counter la
talecn. Address box IH3. Call.
QKT. your shoe* half-soled while wattlnr * 350
to -Sac. Mf Mission st.. bet. lst and Sd «t».
JEWELERS. KS **"»** "___■ room 4. third floor.
MEN and women tTlearn barber trade at Saa
Francl>co ***r**r ColSe«*. ISS4 Ki*fcta *t^
WAXTKD-At Montana Hc>us«. 7«H Mission
*£d &*3SJBSSS £^ ; wy """'""i
W^s; rr^wlv* raica; fw* «aptoy-
m t. H, mra»rd. S«c.. q^ W>___l Jessie uh.
J^^r_^J^uiAx2^__s__________^
i*rTsr »: «*_".
J^j-!^;^!,^, I^* **«*»■ «a HcwaVd rt.
S ~ >; ' ; ' -!'\- v "~ "• £S" r ""-' VMM 0»»
» *Mt tv»,
T lV!Li£?v£ tt »*«»*r~Sxta aad Howard *-.». ;
t<v! :\V rr. - _«tal.
i S L N< il*R "N^y ««. ?A\ S3* pir Rirfcf tSo $1
-^^^--i^^L^^t 0 ??^ A * Tttc y> Jtl s^«er *t.
v^\J¥ tW *^ y «**»« w__:ed at
:
' \^- n S?^ n U^K ♦* v»ir\t m . »**r Mar-
y - fr««
' * ' v> *< ■ y • «■' ' :' -- -"-n
■
' * ■»• - >
1 (J^M &»i v t *?4HVtVf* \>^*i »**d wfereac*.
| -,~ x :.!.' r^J? :^. A> r >i » Nsyf *** >l *«. Was.
I 'TiV? HtWwl»S« nawwa Rer»«
3 |l^#W»t
\ Jw 1 voftlv s " Vv«V; >y ■*crla-
i * VV^^ S"'^"* "*"* Swa tv> H»a&*
• --*-" T_TUlu.f ' PARTNERS JkVANTED;
WANTED— $250; partner in old-established res-
. taurant to tend cash counter; day work, not
night; on account of sickness;, pay $60 per
week. 34 Kearny St., rooms 10-11.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— From 6 to 10 furnished rooms; state
I' 1 *" 1 ' loc;itlon - Address box 1743, Call.
- s 'RNTSHED living rooms; gas stove; $12 to
:,. SJ S : between Twentieth and Twenty-ninth sts.,
.. ■;.._ Mission district. Address J.. 2526 Mission St.
A\ \vi BD—MI9CELLAM-OUS.
-V- ; -PARTIES having second-hand Union, Regan or
: .: •' . 'Pacific gasoline engine, 2-horse power, for
••.• ; '--. *ale, address, stating condition and cash
•■•..•■•"■•■.•Price, W. H. McKENNAN, Bollnas, Marin
- ;. . Co., Cal.
. »* ' V»- ■ , , . p _^
•;••■ SAOT of old window sash: any size. Box 1840,
.-.:•. .■ Call -office.
' v ..■■— ' ■
. *'.'.-...;_•' ; SPIRITUALISM.
■ 'v'ADYICE and Assistance for~AlL ~"~
'..'% • MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
••"■ : :.' • FEE $1 and upward.
-.= Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
-••• . TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
.:■• Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
-.•Medicines," registered and copyrighted. run»
•• . ell diseases on earth, consumption, para!ys!«.
■ ;.; J-heumatismf all ekln diseases, heart and nji-
...... • vous affections. The wonderful cures which
• ■ ->r.e has made are the talk of the whole r lope.
'■;;.:■ ,Agdreas or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
.' ■; .' • '• 1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
'.. '.-• . ' .Corner Market. Mason and Turk sis.
:•-■!. ATTENTION-!- you want to see a medium
..■.■.■:>.ee the best: tells everything: valuable ln-
' ■.•■'•.. •'Tb'—naticn given to users of morphine; » ques-
....•; .-:tlbns by mail $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
•■/• •■'•A;'— j. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
-.;.■ -life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all prl-
.'• -.vate. chronic nnd obscure diseases; diagnosis
.;'. *;---=..free: sittings *1. 23? Stockton Bt.
,"•'■ ",M.ME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
"•'•:•. 'inlfjlit: 10c: 005 McAllister; come skeptics.
-..V C .V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
' ;•'• .-•' 'B' p. m., 23 rtp. 4C9 Leavenworth st.
••■•' ■'••.'■; SIRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. ;p. ra.;
•■";: ;Mon., S: 25c: sittings. $1. 2K Valencia st.
.■•': •' MRfi. "MEN\A FRANCES. Independent ilats
.;••. "Wr'.tlrr medium HI TTatcht *t.
' : claTrvo yantsT
- '-•: A— SIRP. PR. F. CLARK, permanently located
: •'" '.n San Francisco at 1023H Market st.. bet.
v '•-. Plxth and 6eventh: while (ntranced gives aid
'." ' .end advice which will overcome your enemies,
-'.remove family '•■ übles, restore lost affec-
..■'.' .tlcns. make marriage with the one you love
'. '" no failure, remove tnfl-enoe, bad habits; will
'. -'-Rive correct information m law suits, slck-
••• ! ness, death, divorces, "b«ent friends, etc.
'•- N. B.— Perfect satisfaction, guaranteed by
mail. Send Ftairp for circular, with special
.'terms, to MR? PR. F. CLARK. 10»V4. Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANT. -* Pace st., nr. FrnnkHn;
catiffactlcn guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP.
MME. HANSON, pain I and card reader;
,\ nast, present and future; 25c. 14S Bth, rm. 10.
;. COKStTLT the luck-. medium; fee 25c. S49H j
. Minna et.
. GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th st.. now S2S Mls-
-, -sipn: best palmist In the city: 23c and 50c.
MME. AUOT'ST 11 M Mission St.. clairvoyant '
and ralmlst; truth or n-> ray: 25c.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: Jsc up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist, .
' 101 Eddy and 13 Mason St., parlor S.
MME. A VENA reads life fluently; business j
i ■• -advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
" MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known 'ortune
■■tefier. *,»« .^rione'l fln-nffw qt SIS (V Fun-ell.
.Vf J.: .. PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
:i: YT!"Ri: events, 50c; >-pr..-l date, hour, blrth-
' : -/y -Videe. PROF. M"XR"i-:. 1129 Howard st. V,
/:.;. LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
v.V/aVKREDO & CO 224 Geary sT ■
,'.. . .'. . Money Advanced on All Houses.
■.■.'■•ICO rooms; clears $2r>o month $4,000
f! \':-'*6 rooms; cor. Stockton; clear $200 1,200 j
.•;..:'3" roor..F=; Kearny; mostly offices 2.200
•:':.. 21 rooms: best on Mission, st 1,200
::"..-'r "16 -:_<; Sixth: clears $75 per month 500 j
. .14 rooms: .O'Farrell: best transient 500 i
■'. : 12 rooms : best on Post 700 I
■•■■-• I'l rooms: well furnish- rent. $23 223
.'lO. rooms : Bush; good for milliner 550 i
."•'lO rooms: Pcrwell; clear" ISO 600
,'■: -.-.10 room?: Taylor; rent ii»'v $35 275
■ /;'. -And others. Call an<. ; - get Hat. KREDO.
'.'!•• .A— s6oo; POST st. : irdini and ring; good
"* ahty. 2 baths: P rooms; piano incn;
,*." ! A— flBW: N. of Market; 30 roome; central;
..„•'. clear* $lsfl.
•.;,• . A — {lsoo: 35 ms; near Orpheum; transient; !
:.'■' clears $125.
.;,-. . A— J2OCO; 30 rooms; O'Farrell St.; clears $150. '
.." ■ A— S200; 10 rooms; Mission «t.; a bargain.
'■ — $£00: 70 rooms: corner: <'',earis $125.
. A. M. BPBCK & CO.. 657 Market st.
. ■ '■"■ A— NOTICE; 200 lodging ho>is.- « for sale cheap;
. '■'■ '-.• part ca.«h. National Agency, 7 Orant aye.
■J 33-ROOM house; barpain; fine business; good I
.'•■" -location fnr transient. 704 Howard, cor. of i
■.;-■ Third st. ' '
.-/•SIXTH. 402^—7 rooms, furnished, on account
'•'■ .of slrknefs; price $150.
-$2?(^-S rooms, kitchen und bath: well furnish-
.-•'■? »d.. Bash St.; apply 242 Kearny. '
'•' J3SO— S-ROOM house; sunny corner; well fur-
• rilElvd; rooms all filled. 132 Turk st.
'KrtOMING house. 2S rooms: cheap: paying well;
' good reason for •>e!llnir. 420 Sixth st.
t> 14-ROOM house; s-unny corner: all light rooms;
$360; also 37 rooms: price $750._ 739 Folsom.
?• ;\ I lIIMTIRK. FOR SALE.
• ''.-FURNITURE of 5 rooms. Call at 210 D!»-
-'; '' • ". rytond st.. near Nineteenth.
=. ..V MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
'• i •X^^^MO^E^BXRGAINSr^'" ,". '
.-' ■'-■■ Iford, fine condition, upright — $S7 00
: ..\ .""••>-eltz. a bargain, upright 140 00
':-.' "•Gabler, cost $400 new, upright 175 00
."-...'. Henry Miller, used 3 years, upright.. 180 00
.:• iFterling, good as new. upright 185 00
•* '« _•> . hrtst & Son, upright grand lfW 00
•-;■■: 'Chlckerlng; a bargain, upright 28:> 00
•'• • ,-ment*; guarnt'd 5 yrs. BENJ. CURTAZ i
■-&-.SON <Chlcker!tig Agents). 16 O'Farrell st.
A& we are selling good upright pianos for $«
ca.-h and $6 per month, we ask xou to lnvestl-
• -gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
: In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
-.'.'.- M^per month. SHERMAN. CLAY * CO.,
"'. Ft*!away dealers, corner Ke_rny and Sutter
• fits.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
•' ' Broadway. Oakland. • ___^
■•. t\ w — — — '
-•■ABSOLUTELY the oldest »nd largest house '
*west of Chicago Is KOHLER * CHASE"?.
•.-•'■•2*. and 30 O'Farrell »t.: pianos, organs and
'-. all- ether musical Instrumeati ot all grades
■;*nd prices: terms easy: price* lowest; every- ]
•tMlng p<Misible done to please end satisfy the j
'■' ieustcmer. ;
THE best bargains In tbe city can be found
. at MAUVAIS . 769 Market et. Call and se«
the ttock In their e!cfra:.t r.ew rooms.
X'-TISCHER upright, perfect order. |tOt to-doy.
. '. Rcrf-.m 12, Flood Building.
.." : , : A^-rPRIGHTS, $69 up] Installments. $5 75 up:
; ■ :' '. r^nts, $3 50 up fallowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
i>'j •••' yv G BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
,• v. ■ Francis Bacon and Hallet &■ Davis pianos.
■ : - -lIAROAIN— Good upripht cheap. HCKMITZ. 1«
f . '-'; '.McAllister st.. next Hlhcrnla Bar.k.
■• -EOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
.■MAUZY, Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
; ■A-"PIANO that will please you. the Byron
V -Mauzy. 3<5S Post st.
V'WaTNES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
•„ ' -reauped prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
.. FCARLY new upriKht plar.o cheap; brilliant.
, powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
-• .KNABE pin-. new scale: lie— stylet. KOH-
-..-•• ■ t.f.r & CIIASK. 30 O'Farrell st.
" ' r-i i : violins, zithers, old and new. H.
i .MULLKR, y.aker. repairer. 2 Latham nlace.
. A TVKF.K - news for 5 «nts-The Weekly Call.
If 'i^p tn wranner. for ro-«Hlnir. $1 per year.
•■'• • ' LOST^-
' LOST— Irish setter dog: very fat; white
'•■ : -' • rpot on forehead and a white breast: an-
• : • •rvor* to the name of Tasco*. Return to SOl
I; Scott street and receive rev.-ard.
I«OST Red end -white creyhound do« on Jan.
.-" 23.- Return to 300'J Jackson at. ; .reward.
PARTY who found papers and railed at 422
.Sacramento st., call and receive liberal re-
ward
LEFT In ladles' toilet nn steamer Sausallto.
Thursday, on 4:2t p. m. trip to city, a small
■ diamond ring; $5 reward for return of same to
room '.*.. Columbian biilldlnc. 9. F. ■
"•.;V. . FOIM).
FOND— Horse and buggy on. Iflailon road,
' *■ near Colma. John Brack»n. Greenleaf saloon.
. : •■ • SEWING MACHINES.
. 12. MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
' machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
, ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
1 repairing at lowest ratey. 20r> Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
* REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlc«
. ' Tid residence. 1021 VS. Market, bet. Cth and 7th.
v~ T\ l»l<; w IUTKRS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
-used tor sale cheap: send for samples and
• prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
• A HAMMOND. $23; CslleraDh. $16: Yost.is2S;
get lam »le work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st. (
f
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-$:000; BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by
owner lor 13 years; 3 wagons; 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; the leading and best-
paying bakery in this city. Full particulars
of WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st. .
A-$750; SALOON; 1 block from Chronicle build-
ing; splendid business; rent $50; fixtures and
stock worth $1500; partners to dissolve cause
of sale. WILKE & UNFUQ. 906 Market st.
A-$400; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept !
by owner S years; 1 block from City Hall; i
rent $20. WILKE & UNFUG. 90« Market st. j
A— ssooo; SHOE store and factory; established j
years; clearing $300 per month; large stock,
good fixtures; 7 hands employed. Particulars i
of WILKE & UNFUQ. 906 Market st.
A— s4oo; RARE chance; French liquor store;
corner; rent $30; on Leavenworth st.; must
sell at once: proprietor, also owner of the
property, most sell on account of sickness.
WILKE & UNFUG. SO6 Market st.
A— s4oo-PORK and delicacy store; doing a
splendid business; llvins-rooms; rent $13;
choicest location in the Mission. Call WILKE
_ UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— SALOON on water front; tlie very
best location; established and kept by owner ;
years and flrst-class paying; other business
engagements cause of sale. Inquire WILKE
& UNFUG. 9C6 Market st. '
A-Jl2oo— RAREST chance: a private dispen-
sary and gallery of anatomy; the uldest ea-
taUu.-.eu In California; disease of men ex-
clusively, receipts of I_9S. $4131: museum of
wax figure*: reason for selling, a broken- j
down, nervous system. Full particular*, j
WILKE & UNFUG. 90S Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary st.
Real Estate and Business Chances.
$1000— Restaurant, near Market; $60 daily.
$4f.o— Restaurant; Market St.; $1J daily.
$2000— Road house, near city; 20 roomß.
— Saloon and card rooms; flne business.
.0— Paloon and card rooms; $10 to $20 dally, j
5150— _aloon; % interest; flne tiitures; piano. •
A— s2oo; GROCERY and t>ar; $19 dally; value in
stock; a snap. KREDO & CO., 2214 Geary st.
SEE these bargains— Saloon, fine location, cl»ar3 ,
$75' mo., $450; partner wanted, hardware, SFUPO !
invested In business; saloon and 12 iurnislie<l :
rms.. all rented, ?500. We buy, sell, <xohaTige
business of any kind. RELIABLE AGENCY.
t 41 Tr. si. • i
$3JO— HOME bakery; oven; range; established;
best location; rare chance. RELIABLE
AGENCY, 41 Third at.
IF you wish to tell your business for cash give
us n call. City Business Exchange, 103: Mar-
ket st. j
| PARTNER wanted In genteel cash busi- !
i ness; establshed 25 years and will clear $90 |
per month to each; experience not necessary.
City Business Exchange, 1033 Market St.
] BRANCH bakery and home kitchen; 3 nice
living rooms; fine place $250 j
Grocery and bar. Including furniture and
piano; must sell; death In family 650 j
Cigar stand; transfer corner; snap.. IDO
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
$150— oALOON: bargain this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$700— HOTEL: paying business; leaving city '
| cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN. 777 Market St. j
$1750— HOTEL and bar of 35 rooms; near ferry;
present owner there for 20 years; house full i
of boarders and roomers; large transient ,
trade. M. LESS. 765 Market st. >
SALOONS, groceries, cigar stores, restaurants,
cheap. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT; Market st.: pays well; I
offer wanted. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
ALASKA BUSINESS CHANCES^
A splendid opportunity for a few persons with
some capital in a secure enterprise; persons
who are not averse to work preferred. Box
1«45. Call office. '
$360— BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop; <
estab. 20 years; doing good business; owner !
wishes to retire; rent $9. JONES, &6* Market. |
EXCELLENT opportunity— Half Interest In j
planing mill in the most prosperous Interior !
city in the State; good chance for any one j
with little cash to invest: practical mlllman <
preferred. Address box 1373, Call office.
PARTY with $1000 cash wants to buy Interest
in pood paying business. Address or call on
SCHOTTLER _ CO.. 632 Market st.
$100— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $16 to $25 a week;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST- i
MENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
FOR Sale— A bargain; flrst-class grocery store
in Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
at TILLMANN & BENDEL, 313-327 Battery.
FOR Sale — Cheap; a branch bakery and dairy
produce store. Apply 707 . Devisadero St., be- ,
tween Fulton a.nd Grove. ■ j ;
$225— FOR sale: nicely fitted up restaurant in J
good location: doing good business; cheap •
. rent: no agents. 248 Ellis st. ' | '
A— buy or sell your business quick for cash ' ;
apply to MOON & CO., 100SH Market st.
$75 — GOOD paying restaurant: flno chsnee; ,
must sell on account of sickness. 833 Howard.
3-CHAIR barber shop, on aci-ount of death.
For particulars apply 1404 Market st.
$275— COAL yard; 2 horses. 2 wagons; buggy;
fair business. 783V4 Market Bt.
FOR SALE— Barhpr shop; cause of sale, Blck-
ness. Inquire 107>i Fifth st.
BARBER shop cigar «tand for sale; $70; rent
$12. 606 Third St.
WANTED— Partner with $5000 capital to Invest
in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
per cent per annum; open to satisfactory In- j
vestlgatlon; principals only. Box 1588. Call, j
MERCHANDISE store stocks of 'any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY. 226 Bush St.
SALOON: bargain; owner going away; cafe
entrance; flne location; all night stand;
cheap rent; everything neat. 12 Mason st.
SALOON for sale, with furnished room:
on Mission st.. near Wells. Fargo & Co.'s
Express office. Inquire Call office.
CIGAR store, 2 rooms; rent $8; sickness. 1739
Mission et. "
CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 501 Kearny
street. ' '"''
BHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st.
i LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; sell or exchange
for business. See landlady at 1055 Market st.
FOR Sale Stationery store; good paying
business; good reason for selling. 160 Third st.
$150— SALOON and 4 living rooms; going to
Alaska; cheap. 833 Howard st. ,
RESTAURANT and cigar store; 2 rear houses;
on leased ground: $400. ISOS Halght St.
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused; at Sixth and Washington. Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Tnlted States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for 6ale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes- .
d.-ty. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. ,
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— laundry; bakers'; milk wagons; :
2 harke; ' buggies; 2 extra flne delivery
wagons; cheap. 828 Harrison st.
100 SET second-hend harness: wagons, . carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom »t.
FOR .MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
: INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases j
(all sizes), offlce fixtures, cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought nnd Bold; es- ■
tlmates given. J. BCHWBRDT, 821 Mission, j
1 am going East; will sell by 22-foot launch
complete for $275; bargain. H. MARSHALL,
Almonte House. 1 Fifth st. •
LIBERAL commission paid by L. EPSTEIN.
64S Mission St.. for the Information of second-
hand tools and machinery that Is for sale.
DELIVERY wagon cheap; good order: will sell
or trade for larger one. 1297 Folsom, nr. 9th. i
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, .
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOON 1017-1019-1021-102$ Mission et., ■
above Sixth. ' • ;
2 BUILDINGB of 7 and 8 rooms, to be removed,
" corner Willow aye. and Polk St., by Edw. I
K. Pearson; open for Inspection from 10 a.
m. to 4 p.. m. - -'• ' ■.'■-.-■■ ;
SPLENDID 14 karat gold filled, full jeweled
Mnerican watch for $10; cost $22. UNCLE
HARRIS. 16 Grant aye. •__
AUTOMATIC Willcox * Glbbs'. sewing ma-
chine, almost new; attachments cheap. 1915
■ Mission st.
NICELY fitted up restaurant, doing good busl- ' '
ness; cheap rent: pells cheap before the lBt; .
no agents. , ir.s Fifth st.  ' . .
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; 2 months
old; full pedigree given. 21G' a Sixth st.
2 FRESH milch cow« for sale. 217 Hearst aye.,
Sunnyglde. . - ■ ■•' '
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co. : tel-. Br. 331, 519 Mission!.
BOILERS. , engines, . pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-618-520 Mission. '
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. '■<■■"'
-Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 rket. 3. F.
ONE and 2 bowl- tarber washstands. ' cheap. '
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
HOUSES TO 'LET.
ASH aye., 124, near Van Ness— Nice sunny
house. 7 rooms' and bath; rent reasonable;
newly papered. ...'.- . .'... ,
HOUSE seven rooms and bath, $25 and also
' stable. 1403 Stelner. ■ . -
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. •
i KEARNY. 1567, corner Green wlch-SS; house of
I 5 rooms; flne order. .
! MARY. 20, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; rent $21 50. - . • ■
1 PERRY. 212H— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
SUTTER. 2614 V* — sunny rear house; 5 rooms
and nice yard; $8. .
i $37; 12-room house; fine for renting rooms.
29 Oak street, near Market. ■ Apply 15 Grant
avenue. ■ _________________
COTTAGES TO LET.
] NEAT COTTAGE—
Rent only $15. Rent only $15.
Five rooms and bath: Chattanooga, nr. 23d.
H. MURPHY. 6SB Market st.
$9 50— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and large yard.
. 3275 Seventeenth st., near Mission.
FURNISHED FLATS. £
.. «.— . , ~~»T
I NEATLY furnished sunny, fiat, 1 Webster
place off Webster St., between Jackson and
r[ Pacitie, $15. * ■ ■ ,
FLATS TO LET. '. '.-.
CALL ANT) SEE Our New Office at~"
A. M. SPECK & CO. i 667 Market, cor. Third.
NICE FLATS. | NICE FLATS.
j Jr.; 650 Jessie $» 6r.; 1105 Page $17 |
I 6r.: 250 Tehama » 6r.; 1328 Hayes 18
1 4 r. ; 2020 Golden Gate 11 7r. 219 Polk 28 j
5 r.; 837 Alabama.... 10 5 r.; 225 Grant aye... 23 :
5r.; 1007 Castro 12 Sr.: SO5 Powell.. 25
6 r. ; 72» Montg. ay«. 15 7r. 2214 Fillmore.... 20
i 10 to 30 days free. 10 to 30 days free.
) j A. M. SPECK & CO. 657 Market, cor. Third.
! i FLATS, houses; all sizes and prices. COF-
] FEY, HUGHES & CO., 19 Montgomery st.
; A-Nob Hill. opp. Bella Vißta Hotel; 6 and t
. rooms: bath'; $16 to $21 SO. Terrace. 920 Pine.
; ALMOST new: five large sunny rooms; bath:
storeroom. 27 Elgin Park. I ■". .
BOWIE aye., 1, bet. Howard and Folsom sts.—
FoUr sunny: flat to rent.
CORNER flat, 6 sunny bay-window rooms;. I
I bath; rent reasonable. 14th and Shotwell sts.
FIFTEENTH, 2156— Modern sunny 6-room flat,
bath; large yard: basement: rent reduced to
$17; nurth Market St.; take Castro cars;
key corner grocery. ■' _______
I FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
i FRANKLIN, 715. next to Golden Gate aye.—
Upper flat 6 rooms and bath.
i GEARY. 805— An elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent j
| $15. . ■
I GROVE, 642, between Laguna and Buchanan—
6 sunny rooms; bath; rent $23.
I HOWARD. 180 C —6 sunny rooms and bath; 1
bay windows; rent cheap.
MCALLISTER. 635— Nice sunny upper flat; 7
rooms and bath; rent $25.
MINNA. 1014. near Eleventh— 4 and 6
i sunny rooms; rents $14 and $15; water free.
MODERN flat: 4 rooms bath; cheap. Cor-
ner Eddy and Scott sts.
MODERN 7-roorq flat: will rent cheap to a
reliable family/ 1129 McAllister Bt.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
yard; cellar; rent $10; no children.
■ NICE comfortable 8-room flat; newly papered.
i 110H Fell st., near Van Ness aye.
I PAGE, 452. near Webster— s and 6 large sunny
rooms; bath, storeroom: rent reasonable. .
' SEVENTH, 454. cor, Bryant— A sunny 5-room
flat; apply between 1 and 3.
STEVENSON. 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUNNY corner modern bay-window flat; 5
rooms and. bath. 205 Diamond St.. corner ,
Nineteenth: rent $15.
TWENTY-SECOND. SSM, near Dolores— Flats,
6 rooms and bath; rent very cheap.
$7 LOWER flat: 4 rooms. Apply grocery,
i corner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
j $B—3 ROOMS and bathtub. Langton St..
southwest corner of Folsom, bet. 7th and Bth.
■ $8— ROOMS, lower flat; yard, . cellar. 4 closets,
i 100S Natoma St., near Eleventh, ; rear.
$12— 281 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; ,flat. 6 rooms, i
bath, folding doors, gas, mantel. ..- !
'■'.'■ ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front -sunny rooms com- j
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom: '
furniture all new; $2 50 per week; $10 per j
month; suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no- chll-
dren. Apply at phoestore, 562 Mission St., be-
tween First and Second sts.
A NICE sunny front suite of 2 rooms, complete
for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom; new
furniture: suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no chil-
dren; $1 75 per week: $7 per month. Apply at '
Bhoestore, 562 Mission St., between First and
Second streets. I
BUSH, Three small rooms for housekeep- i
Ing, and bath; $12. • ; .-.--
CALIFORNIA, 1256—1 or 2 nicely furnished |
rooms for light housekpg; call after 9 a. m.
CLAT. 2419, near Fillmore— large unfurnished
rooms: yard: water; rear: $7. ' .
ELLIS, 330— Furninhed for housekeeping, 2
small rooms 1n rear; rent $10.
FIRST, 805, above Folsom— $S; upper part
of house; 3 rooms; in good order.
FIFTH. 353— Clean furnished housekeeping; 3,
$12; 3. $20; single. $5 and $6.
FIFTH, 392— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; single or double; private; cheap.
FIRST, 228, -near Howard— sunny rooms for
housekeeping: near business.
FOLSOM. 863 — Large sunny bedroom; connect-
ing kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GEARY, 1917— 520; for adults: 4 comfortable
. ' rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries. , "
GROVE. 131—2 large front connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas; running water.
HOWARD, 529— 2 rooms, housekeeping, , $3;
. single, $1 75: also other rooms.
HOWARD, 917— nice housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 953% — Large front bay-window
room. $2 50 per week; bath.
HOWARD, ISOO, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms, $7.
HYDE, 141— Two handsomely furnished rooms;
gas range, bath; sunny; quiet; reasonable;
references exchanged. ■ ,j.
JESSIE. 355. nr. Fifth St.— Two nlcel- fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; cheap; pri-
vate; no children. £\-
JONES. 2056—2 sunny front rooms; unfurnished;
bath, laundry; $8. .-
KEARNY. 104—2 very large sunny rooms for
housekeeping or ahop; $10. '
LARKIN, 804— Sunny .back bedroom and kitch-
en, furnished for housekeeping; yard; $9.
MINNA, 436— Large sunny furnished room,
with cook stove: rent $6.
MISSION, 1330— A large sunny furnished room
for two gentlemen. ■■ \ _^_
NATOMA. Housekeeping rooms; double «n,d
single; single. $1 per week up; 25c per night;
cheap. ■ ' > ______
i NEW, MONTGOMERY, 105— Front sunny hkpg ,
rooms. $1 25 up; single rooms. 10c up.
OCTAVIA, 607, nr Hayes— and front par- )
lor, kitchen and dining room: bay-window :
rooms; rent $18; second flat; sun all day; no |
children. ...
PINE,. 704— Sunny front suit, furnished for
housekeeping; Ktove: folding bed; $12 60.
SHOTWELL, 531H— 2 rooms for housekeeping;
rent to suit. -' * ' -- ■ - ' ■
SECOND, 247— Furnished and unfurnished hkpg.
■ rooms; also single, new and clean, cheap.
SIXTH, 125— Front sunny rooms; also house-
keeping rooms; reasonable. .■-,•/.
SIXTH. 816-—Ni ce sunny housekeeping- rooms;
also light housekpg and single: reasonable. ■
SIXTH. Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.; reasonable. ......
SIXTH 532 A— sunny pleasant housekseplng
rooms; furnlphed; large yard; also single. ,
SOUTH Park. 90—2 or 3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable. - ■■'
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 convenient sunny rooms
nicely furnished for housekeeping; reasonable.
SUTTER, 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms
single or en suite; also housekeeping, -cv .■■/ ■
TEHAMA. 6, near First— 4 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; rent low.
THIRD, 308— Two connecting rooms, furnished,
for housekeeping. " • .
THIRD, 340—1 sunny room, complete for house-
keeping. $6 pe,r. month. . ;
TURK, ■ 643— Fine . large front room, furnished
, complete for housekeeping; ga3; bath; $10.
TWELFTH. Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing - rooms; private . family; select : locality;
gas range. . .-. . '.■-•.■ . , ■ ,
TWENTY-THIRD. 316«. nr. . Howard— Sunny
bay-window suite; kitchen; nicely furnished;
adults only. ' - V; ; r ~ ■' ■ '•'•
WASHINGTON, 6:0-Housekeeplng rooms, new-
. lv D&nered : tS nar<monih. ■: -
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. .'.;■.:
AT 52 Second— Double rooms,- per wk.,'sl 50 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; night, 25c to 50c.
AT Geary. 14A— Clean rooms, with 'good beds;
day, week or month; $1 per week.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza; day or mor'.li.
BRODERICK, Unfurnished front and back
parlors; sunny; bath; 1 block from park.
BALBOA, The— Market Suites, $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth— nice unfur-
nlshed rooms, $7; also 2 rooms. $5.
BRUNSWICK— Sixth st., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 23 to $5 week; open all night: Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all. train?. ,
BURNETT, 1364 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished. .
I BUSH, 616—1 large front room and single
I rooms; sunny; rent reasonable; bath.
BUSH, Sos— l nicely furnished double room;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; $8 per month.
DIAMOND, 44— Nice unfurnished front room
with alcove to let. •
ELLIS. 707 — Nice sunny furnished room;
price $6. " -"v, ■■';?.&•«
FIFTH, 109— New management; nicely furnished
rms and offices: suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
FIFTH, New house, 1 or 2 sunny corner
hay-window rooms, with kitchen; housekeep-
ing; suitable for 2 or 4 adults; worth seeing.
GEARY, 666— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor; hot, cold water; piano; other rooms.
I GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
i 15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
j GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and j
Mission— Pleasant punny rooms; en suite and !
I single: elevator; moderate, rates; families. i
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. ■
LARKIN, 612—1 or 2. furnished or unfurnished
; rooms; private family; bath. x <
1 MINNA, 667,. corner Elghth-Newly "furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
OLIVE aye., 127 — 50; 4 unfurnished rooms.
PINE, 614 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms: single or en suite; moderate.
SEVENTH. 17S— Nicely furnished front rooms;
I single and double; $1 per week and up.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
. near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. Nicely furnished and un-
furnlßhed rooms.
■ STEVENSON, 409— Nice sunny furnished front
I rooms,- with grate; $1 up.
TURK, Nice large room; running water;
private family; rent $6.
TURK, 126 Nice furnished room: running
water; gas; closet; suitable for gentleman. .
2 OR 4 rooms nicely furnished; parlor floor.
Address box 1711, Call offlce.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
BUSH. Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with cr without board; reason-
able. ■
EDDY, 502— NI»eIy furnished front rooms;
others; all conveniences; good board; reas.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up r elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrrhount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed: hot and cold water: elevator; j
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
! WIDOW would board small child or Infant. 2655
San Jose ay. ; take cars cemetery line outl4th.
STORES TO LET.
HOWARD, 1802— Store. 2 show windows and 2
'living rooms; cheap.
PACIFIC, 328, near Sansome— A. handsome
large store; to let very cheap. , '. ■ ■
SIXTEENTH, 3174, near Guerrero— Store, with
3 nice living rooms; modern Improvements.
SUNNY corner store. 3., rooms; sounters and
j shelving. 649 Minna st; $12. . . , ■•-.
OFFICES TO LET. '
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 92t Market »t.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
I to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
1 A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market St.. cor. Golden Gate.
~~ STABLES TO LET.
16 STALLS; can also , be used for other pur-
poses. Inquire 410 R»y st.
HOTEL TO RENT.
-.... _ .. . __
THE American Hotel; furnished; Benlcla; near
Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural Works.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr. >
Gwyer, formerly or 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state thoir
cases before going elsewhere; they will find i
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St.. between j
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years', practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace !
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home, !
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de- ;
lay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very etrong, $2.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulart-
• ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be. used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023* Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
oases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure at any time when
others have failed; Instant relief for trav-
elers; home in confinement; best care; con-
sultation free, confidential; every casn guaran-
teed. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
. to 916 Post Et., between Hyde and Larkin. .
LADIES — Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, relta*ble; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return matl; at
druggists.. Chlchester Chemical Co.. P'.illa.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no mpdlcine or, Instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny Bt.
A TREATMENT thßt restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at offlce. $5; travelers helped inptantly; home
for patients separate from office; consult free;
hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL,
1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
i AILMENTS— LadiM In trouble see Drs. . Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no Instril-
! ments: maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. 'Removed from 401 D.Van
Nes3 to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hallav.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
. boon to them. RICHARDS £ CO.. 406 Clay st.;
$1 BO.' Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St., Paornmento. Cal.
DR. and MRS.' WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort; beet care and attendance: terms
. moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C 0. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Ca].
PRIVATE ■ hospital: best references;-. trained
■ nurses; home comforts. 204 San Jose aye.;
telephone White 4Rl.' .
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
. lief for monthly troubles or money back;ssup.
PRIVATE honpltal. $5 per week and upward.
: Address telephone. Blue; 1143. . ,
MRP M. E. ROGERS— Pri vat » home In con-
flnement: midwife; 25 yrs. exr>«r.: 923 Howard.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
. ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
I In confinement. 156 Second nU;: tel.' Green SJ.
527" MONTGOMERY, cor. Clny— Open until 9:30
o'oleck: branch office of , The Call. Subscrip-
■ tlons and want ads taken. . r .*- . . -.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no feo without" success: collections. ■ G' ■' W
HOWE,, atty-at-law, 850 Market," cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless "successful.. ■ W
W. DAVTDSON. 927 Market . St. .; ", '••: . •
ALL private law cases,' bankruptcy, collection; i
free advice open evgs. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin. j
L. ' S. • CLARK— Spreckels i building; i 927 j
- MArket: consultation free; no fees in advance. I
PERSONALS.
AT LINCOLN BROS, you can buy: 18 lbs gran-
ulated sugar, $1; hams 7c lb; butter. 30c roll:
8 lbs coffee. $1; corn, $1 doz.; tomatoes. 90c
doz.; 10 lbs beans, 25c: cheese, 10c lb; flour,
85c sk. : cornmeal, 20c sk.; oatmeal, 35c sk. ;
condensed milk, $1 doz.; 20 lbs cornstarch, $1;
20 lbs rice, $1; 25 lbs prunes, peaches, pears
and raisins, si. LINCOLN BROS., cash gro-
cers, 226 Sixth street, above Folsom.
LEDERER' S QUINONIA hair tonic is used by
all the first-class hairdressers on this coast.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER does the most artistic halrdressing;
always the latest styles; tine pompadour hair
rolls, only 35c; switches, SI; fine. $2 50: FOAMO
shampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER,- 123 Stockton.
THE Harmonic Vibrator, the great curative in-
vention; face wrinkles positively removed;
chronic, diseases successfully treated; tests
free; send for circulars. Harmonic Life Col-
lege and Sanitarium, 236 Powell st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, „ and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St. Law a Specialty,
i San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
I ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
26c to $1 E0 per nlsht: $1 S»- to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
-BCIENCE of Life taught; gives permanent
happiness in marriage; hours 11 to 2; letters,
13. DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery »t.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: all kinds fancy work to order. K.
TOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter Bt.
JAPANESE poods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company, 507 Larkln st.
Pacific Matrimonial Agency, 110 'Ellis, does
largest business; gives best results: details free.
A— Ladies', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Poet st., removed to store. 110 Kearny st.
BATHS UMtc; SO porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth st.. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
| MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
j A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
! H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
DRESSMAKER-.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 102 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6; dress made
over; perfect fit 3 Eddy. MME/!OLHSTE'.>
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Misson St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644.
BORROW money on your salary, Indorsed
paper or life insurance policy; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. Third and Jessie.
$60 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates In probate,
Ist, 2d or chattel mortgages: undivided inter-
ests estates. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgomery- r. 7.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6*4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no com-
mission; lowest interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg.. r.7«.
A. M. Speck 8t Co., CO2 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc., rents, etc.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
Oi\ furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
I SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
I estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$Tio to $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dr'den, 413 Montgomery et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mallln*. $1 per year.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. BYli-
VAIN SALOMON, br.ker. 328 Montgomery.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHERS Practical Short-
hard and Typewriting School: court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
I shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.: rtfe
scholarship, $50; low rates per weok and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln^
Ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLKN'. Ml Market.
TEACHER of languages. MISS GUADALUPIi
V AI.LEJO. 1514 California st. •
FHKXi'H. Spanish, etc.; Prof. De Filippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post. > est. 1871.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
tfliight: short time. Tarr. E72 Parrott bldg.
PROPOSALS.
WAR DEPARTMENT. Quartermaster Gen
eral's Office. Washington. D. C. Jan. 20,
18S9.— Transportation for Spanish prisoners qf
war from the Philippine Islands to Spain.
By direction of the Secretary of War sealed
proposals are Invited for the transportation
of the Spanish prisoners of war now in the
Philippine Islands from Manila or such other
ports In the Philippine Islands as may be
most convenient for their embarkation to
Cadiz or such other ports of Spain as may |
hereafter be designated. Their number is es-
timated as about sixteen thousand (16,000),
officers and enlisted men. Cabin accommoda-
tions are to be supplied for the officers and
third-class or steerage accommodations hav-
ing suitable galley accommodations conform-
ing to the United States requirements as to
space and ventilation for the enlisted men.
The United States Government will deliver the
prisoners on board the vessels at Manila or
■uch other ports as may be designated for
their embarkation. Proposals will state the
price per capita for transporting officers and
for transporting enlisted men and for their
subsistence and delivering them on shore at
the Spanish port or ports to be designated
and will be accompanied by a guarantee that
the prisoners will be comfortably cared for
and subsisted while on the Journey, the sub-
sistence to be equal to United States "gar- i
rtson" rations, as follows: One thousand !
(1000) complete rations: Meat— Pork, one- !
tenth- (1-10), seventy-five (7.*) pounds net
weight; bacon, two-tenth 3 (2-10). one hundred
and fifty (150) pounds net weight; tinned roast
beef, seven-tenths (7-10), seven hundred (700)
pounds net weight. Flour or hard bread, net I
weight one thousand (1000) pounds. Vegetables |
—Dry beanp, net weight seventy-five (75)
pounds, or rice, net weight fifty (50) pounds;
fresh potatoes, net weight eight hundred (800)
pounds; oniors, net weight two hundred (200)
pounds. Coffee, roasted, net weight eighty
(SO) pounds; sugar, net weight one hundred
and fifty (150) pounds; vinegar, net weight
eighty (SO) pounds; soap, net weight forty
(40) pounds: salt, net weight forty (40) pound* •
pepper, black, net weight two and five-tenths '■
(2.6) pounds. Proposals will state the num- '
ber of vessels which are proposed to be used i
for the service, the name and classification of I
each, the tonnage, capacity of each, their j
speed, the berth accommodations upon each
and the approximate length of time required '
by each vessel to make the voyage from '■
Manila to the coast of Spain. Proposals will >
iilto state the time at which each vessel will '
arrive In the harbor of Manila and report to
the chief quartermaster at that place ready
for the embarkation of the prisoners of war
Vessels of any nationality may be tendered i
and will be considered for the service re- I
quired. Payment for the service will be made
when evidence Is furnished that the ship
has arrived with ber passengers at point
of destination. The number of officers
and men counted aboard at place of
embarkation by the quartermaster is to |
determine the number to be paid for. Pro- '
posals should be addressed to the Depot
Quartermaster, U. S. Army. New York City
or to the Depot Quartermaster. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. at which plnces they will be !
opened at twelve (12) o'clock m.. standard
time, on the first day of February, eighteen
hundred and ninety-nine, and oubmltted to
! this office. The Government reserves the
i right to reject any and all proposals submlt-
t- ted. M. I. LUDINGTON, Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. Army.
STORAGE^
I PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
I Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel.. Main 5713.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
.............. MISSION COTTAGES
.......ON BITUMINIZED STREET
$2200— Five and six' room cottages...
$2250— Four-room cottage .•.......:
$2400 — Six-room ' c0ttage.........
Five-room cottage ......:....
$3200— Eight-room two-5t0ry............
New moaern houses 'with every conTenience
on the sunny side Twentieth St.. between
Castro , and Noe sts: lots 25x125; small cash
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY, builder,
521 X St., Sunset district. ■
CHEAP bargain; new cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
easy terms; south Golden Gate Park.
$1000— $10 MONTHLY: neat cottage. home; near
Folsom-st. cars; street and sewer completed;
bargain.- P. A. DOLAN. 40 Montgomery, r. 7
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
NEW rich land near city; small and large <
1 tracts: 2150 acres, sold to 120.famlles; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-1898 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st., 8. F.
FOR SALE Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; C 25 . acres, with . profitable dairy. .Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone, Sonoma Co.
RICH land, near bay; fruit, • grain or hogs;
bargain. S., box 1639. Call office.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. I
EQUITY of $5000 in city residence for country
place; state particulars. Box 1722. Call.
DENTISTS. T~
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns. $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting' free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices; full set of teeth, $5 up; filling. -,
25c up; all work absolutely painless; written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west -of Chicago; open evenings and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed •10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth at.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. QEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
•' ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 23c; 22k. gold i
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, "1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
Fpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association! 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. . DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver, 25c; crowns, $3.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NEW AND COMPLETE. ~~ ~
Handsome home, modern In design and ar-
rangement, . complete in every detail; four
sleeping rooms: frontage 42x100; best location
In town; 3 minutes to local station; price. Im-
provements at cost: lot at a present times
figure: your own terms of payment.
, HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
$20 CASH, $5 monthly until paid for, a single
cottage and lot, 43.40x200: price $200, all told;
fine climate; Al soil; grand view; no fogs
nor cold winds; streets all graded; some
macadamized; city water; fine drainage; 3-
story school and 3 electric car lines near;
60 families now have homes; Allendale Set-
tlement. East Oakland, 2 blocks from a 90-
-foot boulevard. Call or send for circular. 456
Seventh St.. cor. Broadway, H. Z. JONES,
owner.
$850 NET— house of 5 rooms; lot -30x100;
1 block from car line; good location; forced
sale.
I4SOO, reduced from $7000 Cozy cottage, 9
rooms; lot 80x150; corner: choice shrubbery,
greenhouse, etc. ; few blocks from Senator Per-
kins' place: all modern and first-class. E. E.
BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. . ; 
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1455—1 furn. room; use kitchen;
3 unfurnished, ground floor, sunny. $3.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITu'RE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old tfre. 408 Eleventh ft. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$950— MODERN . cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta- I
tion. , 
$1700— Modern cottage, E rooms; lot 26x125;
good location; near station; easy terms.
$1800— greatest bargain in Alameda; lot 60x150;
house of ( rooms; choice part of Central aye.;
cash.
$3500— Elegant corner, 44x150; new. modern
bouse of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $25
per month; this Is a snap.
House* to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1600— New 6-rootn cottage, on Grand st. : rvork
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500—50x150; elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern: at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains in all . parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
V •"; ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
, . . 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL, ESTATE~
HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lol; street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors; a
- bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley. - ■ ■ ' '
~ CARL E » CLEANING.
CITY , Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone. South 260. *
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend "to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works,- 353-357 Tehama St.; tel., S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; Ul.. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel.. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel.. East 128.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edwnrd Wall and Julia Mullen... 32-27
Edward Ellison and Sally Deardorff 44-2S
John T. Springer and Mary Helbig 25-17
John J.. Johnson and Maria A. Neuzle 42-20
Gluaeppe Vcrga and Maria Podesta 31-32
Wolff I. Jorgensen. and Maggie Roach 29-26
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage . and death , notices sent 'by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
■' . ' ;r BOEN. <: '"-.„
IRVINE— In. this city, January 30, 1899, to the
wife of M. B.- Irvine, a son. ■
RETTED— In this. city, to the wife of Henry
Retted, a son.
WOLF— In thts city, January; 16, 1539, to the
wife of M. Wolf, a daughter. . '...■.*->
~~ ■'• MARRIED.
DEARDORFF— In this city, Janu-
ary 80, 1899, by th« Rev. , John A. B. Wilson,
D.D., Edward Ellison and Mrs. Sallie Dear-
dorff. both of San Francisco. r
GOETZ— KRUSE— In this city, January 28,
1899, by the Rev. J. H.- Schroeder, Herman
. Goetzand Sophie . Kruse. . v*
SKELLY— In this city. January 25.
1899, by the R«v. Father McClory, Thomas F.
McGee and Sadie Skelly, both of San Fran-
cisco. . ■ " ■ ■
GIANETTONI-In this city, Janu-
ary 28, 1899, by Judge Kerrigan. Otis R. Rus-
sell and Mary Glanettonl, both of San Fran-
Cisco.-:- ■•■..■-. <■'. ■ ... -..-... ■■..'■-•.-;.■.;.•.
DIED. •——
. Barckou. Emma . Leonard. - Margaret
Bothwell, John McCarthy, Henry A. "
. Bogga, , Hon. John Morrlll, • Paulina -
' Bridges. Ethel M. Nixon. William C.
Cleary, Annie M. Powers, Mary
Cllne. Catherine Retted (Infant) ' '
Coats, Hesler ' Reldy, Catherine
' Day, Timothy . • Reldy, John
Einselen, Augusta Rlce,:»iary L. "
Goeller, Charles J. ' Rtckardß, Mrs.' M. J.
Goodkind. Caroline Rollet, Thomas W. :
f Green, Albert Bcbulte, Charles
Hargaden, Catherine Simpson, David L. )
Kennedy, Dennis Thompson. Mrs. E. '
Kummer. Harry E. Toolan, Frank
Kyne. Frank C. , Tucker, Henrietta
Larkin, Ellen r:*'
BARCKOU— In this city. January 29. 1899.
Emma, beloved wife of Axel Barckou, mother
j of Anna and Meta Barckou, grandmother of
Ethel and Francis Muller, vid sister of
Mrs. H. Finnegan and Mrs. F. Lottrlti, a
native of England.
ItTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 526 . Indiana street, near Twenty-sec-
ond. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BOTHWELL-In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 30, 1899, John Bothwell, a native
of Ireland, aged 52 years.
BOGGS— this city, January 30, 1899. Hon.
John Boggs of Colusa, a native of Fayette
County, Missouri, aged 69 years.
(E^The funeral services will be held in his
parlors at the Palace Hotel to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate, Cyprpss Lawn Cemetery, by special
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
.11 o'clock.
BRIDGES— this city, January 30, 1899. Ethel
May, beloved daughter of Henjamin F. and
Mattle Bridges, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 2S days.
CLEARY— In this city. January 30, ISW. Annie
M.. beloved wife of Dr. Stephen Cleary, a
: native of San Francisco.
1 CLINE— this city, January 30, 1899. Catli-
I erine, beloved wife of the late Peter Cllne,
l a native of County Westmeath, Ireland, aged
I 62 years. .
: COATS— In this city, January 29, 1899, Hesler,
I dearly beloved son of Judson and Annts
Coats, a native of San Diego, Cal., aged I
years 3 months and 23 days.
DAY— In San Rafael. January 29. 1899, Timothy
Day, beloved father of .Henry J., Thomas and
Annie Day. a native of Charlesville. County
Cork, Ireland, a*ed 72 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from his late residence, thence to
St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn I re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
! ment at Mount Olivet Cemetery. ' .:• "
EINSELEN— In this city. January 30, 1899.
• Augusta, dearly beloved wife of Gustave A.
Elnselen, mother of Gustave Einselen Jr..
daughter of Frederick and the late Dora-
thea Zech, and sister of Professor Fred Zech
Jr.. William F. Zech and the late Mrs. Fred
Welnoe-hl, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years 9 months and 9 daye. . . »
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral td-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence. 1018 Leavenworth street, between Pin«
and California. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
GOELLER— In New York City, January 23,
1899, Charles J., dearly beloved father of Ed-
win Goeller, aged 79 years 10 months and 10
I days.
I GOODKIND— . this city, January 30, 18f9,
Caroline, beloved wife of Michael Goodklnd,
and mother Of Mrs. Henry Wolf of Port-
land, Or., Mrs. R. Mandelbaum of New York
and Henry, Willie, Ben, Simon and Isaac
Goodklnd, a native of Germany, aged* 65
years and 5 months. (Portland. Or., and
New York papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the resl-
dente of Mrs. Pauline Dennery. 523 McAllister
6treet. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery.,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. Please omit flowers.
GREEN— In this city, January 30. 1899. Albert
Green, brother of James, Harry, Arthur, Rose
and Beatrice Green, a natlv# of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years.
HARGADEN— In this city, January 29, 1899,
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of the late
Patrick Hargaden, and sister of James Go-
revan and the late Anna Murrin, a native of
County Sligo, Ireland, aged 70 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 224 Fair Oaks street, thence to Bt.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Intewnent
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KENNEDY— this city. January 29, 1899, Den-
nis, dearly beloved husband of Mary Ken-
nedy, a native of Liscrea. County Tipperary.
Ireland, aged 73 years. ••.•--
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, southwest corner of Eddy and Pierce
etretts, thence to Holy Cross . Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re.
pose Of his soul, commencing at 9:30 f'cloek.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Funeral
private. Please omit flowers.
KUMMER— In this city. January 30, 1899, Harry
Edward, youngest and dearly beloved son of
Frank E. and s Emma Kuramer, and brother
of Claude F. Kummer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years.
KYNE— this city, January 29. 1899. Frank
C, beloved son of Mary A. and the late.
Thomas A. Kyne, a native of Alameda, Cal
aged 6 years and 9 months. ' •
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tueeday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 931 Alvarado street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets and
View and Hoffman avenues. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. '.■-.•;;
LARKIN— In this city, January 30, 1599, Ellen,
relict of the late Michael Larkin. a native of
Mllltown, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 80
years.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, ' commencing at 9
o'clock. ■] ■"■• ■.'■-'.■
LEONARD— In this city, January 23, 1899. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Cornelius
Leonard, a nativ*"of the parish' of Desert,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 74 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence/ 319 Elsie street, off Cortland ave-
nue, thence to Old St. Mary's College Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount CBlvary
j Cemetery.
i MCCARTHY— In this city. January 30. 18»,
Henry A., beloved son of Kate and the late
Mortimer McCarthy, and brother of . George.
John, Mortimer and Minnie McCarthy, a na-
tive of Petaluraa. Cal., aged 24 years 8 months
and 6 days.
MORRILLA-In Oakland, January 29, 1899, Pau-
lina, beloved daughter of Paul and Mary
Morrlll, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years and 7 months. •
NIXON— In this city, . January 30. 1899. Wil-
liam Charles, beloved son of Nicholaus
Nixon, and brother of Robert and Mary A.
Nixon, a native of Carson City. Nev., aged
45 years.
POWERS— In San Jose, January 29, 1899, Mary,
beloved daughter of the late Patrick and
Bridget Powers, sister of Katie and Joseph
Powers, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years and 4 months. " - • .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
. thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RETTED— this city, infant son of Henry
and Julia Retted, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 days. . .
REIDY-In this- city. December 30, 189 S. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of John Reidy, and mother
of Mrs. E. J. Clark. Sister Mary Gertrude
and James H. Reldy, a native of Ireland,
aged 66 years. ,
REIDY— In this city. January. 3o, 1899, John,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Reldy.
father of Mrs. E. J. Clark, Sister Mary Ger-
trude and James H. Reldy. and brother of -
Martin and James Reidy. a native of County
Claire, Ireland, aged 60 years.
RICE— In this city, January 29, 1899. Mary L.
Rice; beloved. mother of Mrs. J. Telyea and
Mrs. E. Woodruff, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 87 years and 4 days. (Nevada State .
Herald please copy.) ■ .
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thts day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
J. Telyea, 2«17 .Howard street. Interment pri-
vate.
RICKARDS— In this city, January 30, 1899, Mrs.
M. J. Rlckards, beloved mother of William
J , Albert, and -Carl Rickards and Mr 3.
W. J. Gray, a native of England. '
ROLLET —In this city, January 29. 1899,
Thomas Wilfred, beloved son of Thomas Wil-
fred and Nellie. Rollet. and stepbrother of
Nora, Mary. Nellie and John Casey, a , na-
tive' of San Francisco, aged 4 years and 8
months. ' ■ - • ■-. '
i ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence of -
his parents, 3501 FlHmore street, - corner of
Francisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHULTE— In this city. January. M, 1599,
Charles Schulte, a native of Evansvllle, Ind..
aged 35 years. . . • ;.
SIMPSON— In this city, January 30. 1899, David
L. Jr., eldest and dearly beloved son of
David L. and Emma J. Simpson, and brother
, of Gertrude and Fred Simpson, a natrve •of ■
Arcata, Humboldt County, Cal., aged 24
CTRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth. ; -
THOMPSON— In this city, at her . residence.
2417 Bush street. January 28. 1899, /Mrs. E.
Thompson, widow of the late John Thomp-
son, aged 73 years 6 months and 2 days.
' (CT Funeral this day (Tuesday). Services
nnd Interment private. . ; .
TOOLAN— In this city. January 30, 1889, Frank,
6on of the late Frank and Mary Toolan. step-
son of Mary Toolan, and brother of Joseph
Toolan, a native of San ' Francisco, aeed 31
v years: • .-.- ' i - ":■.• •■ ■
TUCKER— In this city, January 29, 1899. Hepri-
• etta, : . beloved ' wife of : Alfred iH. Tucker,
mother of Walter Tucker, daughter of Mrs.
William H. Glenn, and sister of Thomas A.
i ' and Elsie .L. ■ Kern and Alice, Laura and -
Willie Glenn, a native ■of Kansas,- aeed 28
years. and 29 days. , .- ":.. r ■ .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 570 < Folsom street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ ;- . ... .
HENRY <J. GALLAGHER CO.,
V; (Successors to Flanagan 1 A GallagharK
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAiT-EB*
'{'.; ■■■ : - » Fifth Bt-.cpDOsltt Lincoln iaoiM** ". -
TcltDhon* South SO. , ■"■ ■-
1112
TEACHERS DROP
FROM THE ROLL
School Directors Order
Sweeping Changes in
the Department.
Consolidation Is Finished—Janu
ary Salaries Will Be Paid in
Part— Missionites Appeal
in Vain.
THE Board of Education completed last night's work of consolidating
classes, transferring, degrading and dismissing teichers of the
School Department. The recommendations of Superintendent
Webster, urging ninety-eight changes, were unanimously adopted. The
Public School Department is now reorganized upon the plan adopted by
the present board, and steps will be taken immediately by those that
feel that they have been injured to seek legal remedy in the courts.
Those teachers whose status has been changed will test the legality of
the action of the board.
The changes that were made last
night were adopted impartially upon a
chronological basis. The teachers who
were last to be appointed were the first
to b<- transferred, degraded or dis
missed. In the report of the Superin
tendent the date of each teacher's ap
pointment is given as security to each
person interested that absolute impar
tiality has been observed.
The revolution in the teaching corps
■was not the only work undertaken last
night by the board. The petition of
the people of the Mission to secure the
retention of the commercial depart
ments of the Mission High School was
not received and the action of the Di
rectors in abolishing those departments
stands undisturbed. The committee
on building and grounds submitted an
exhaustive report recommending the
immediate expenditure of over $77,000
for repairs, the prospective expendi
ture of $30,000 more for improvements
in the near future and the suggested
expenditure by the city government of
over $600,000 for permanent improve
ments.
The committee on finance, having
learned that Judge Seawell had modi
fied his injunction against paying the
salaries of teachers, ordered that 80 j
per cent of the teachers' salaries for :
January and 80 per cent of the mer- {
chants' demands far the same month be
paid.
The most important action of the
night was, as a matter of course, the
adoption of the report of Superintend
ent Webster, which is given here:
Changes and Transfers.
The following changes in the schools
named have been made: The abbrevi
ations used are R for regular teach
er, P for probationary, D S for day sub
stitute, S substitute, S P substitute pro
bationary.
HEARST— J. Wideman, vice Miss L.
Lavery. September 14. IS9S, P.
ADAMS— Mrs. E. Schmidt, November 18,
IRSI, vice Miss B. Stolz, September 14, 1898,
P.
EVERETT— Miss Miller, absent on
leave. R.
JACKSON— Miss M. F. Lorigan, De
cember 10, lS!<0, vice Miss M. Dowling,
August 10, IM>B, R.
GRANT— Miss M. A. Levy, August 3,
I*9l. vice R. ("a.Hsassa, July 27, 1898, P.
IRVING SCOTT— Miss A. Hagedorn,
November 8, 1891, vice M. A. Owens, July ]
27. 1898, P.
EVERETT— Ida M. Perl, November 2,
-ice F. Barrington, July 27, IS9B, P.
IRVING SCOTT— Mrs. C. Sissons. Janu
ary 1. 1876, vice I. M. Rossman, July 27, j
1898, P.
COOPER— Miss L. Dyer, August 2, 1891,
vice E. T. Holmes, July 27, IS9B, P.
BI'ENA VISTA— Miss E. McFadden,
January G. 1880. vice Rose Stack, Feb
ruary 23, 1898, R.
BARRINGTON-Miss H. B. Fair- j
weauier, May 18, 1893, vice Miss M. A.
Wright. February 23. 1898, P.
DOUGLAS— Miss H. T. Crocker, July
22. 1896, vice Miss E. Cleary, February 23,
Sl-.NYSIDE— Miss J. Dwyer, July 13,
1889, vice Miss M. Kyne, January 26, 1898,
LAKE HONDA— Miss J. O'Neal, No- I
vember 11, 1890, vice Miss J. M. McDonald,
January 26. ISSS. P.
IRVING— Mrs. S. Joseph, vice Miss R.
MrKeon, January 12, IS9B, R.
GRANT— Miss Lucy Wade, July 30, 1896,
vice A. Cookson. January 12, 1898, P.
WEST END-Miss J. Frank. December
24, 1896, vice A. O'Connor, January 12,
1898. P.
IRVING M. SCOTT— Miss K. R. Pax
tun. Jim.- 1, \\%, vice B. Gillen, January
. P.
REDHIN<;-Miss M. E. O'L'ary. Jan
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
W ml />^ /jms
\\l^Qf H«^^
How much property a man will leave
when he dies depend* larjrely upon his
health. The man who suffers from ill-
health stands little show of being a suc-
cessful business man. The man who comes
to his desk in the morning, with a head -
' ache, who suffers all day from dullness and
drowsiness, who goes to his meals without
an appetite and tosses restlessly through
the night without sleep, is not likely to
leave a competence for his widow ana or-
phans. Success is even more dependent
Xjpon health than upon ability.
Few men realize these truths. They
. think that everything can be accomplished
by work, and that health is a secondary
consideration. Work is useless unless it is
good work, and good work is neVSr done
save by a thoroughly healthy man. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery is the
best of all health restorers and health pre-
servers. It makes the stomach strong and
active. It sends a man to his meals thor-
oughly hungry every time. It facilitates
the flow of digestive juices and makes as-
similation perfect It invigorates the liver.
. It purifies the blood and fills it with the
,• life-giving elements of the food. It is the
• great blood-maker and .flesh-builder. It
tears down inert, half -dead tissues .and
builds new, firm, muscular flesh. It does
not build flabby fat like cod liver oil ard
does not make people more corpulent.
Mr. John Brooks, of Boylnton. Mass., write«: "I
write to tell you of the great benefit I have re-
crived from f)r. Pierces Golden Medical Dlscov.
cry. I was iaken with a bad cold which Bettled
on mv lungs. The doctors said I was in con-
sumption and could not get well. r took Cod
Liver Oil and it did me no good. After taking
it four months I heard of ymir "Golden Medical
Discovery ' and it naved my Uffc"
ary 27, 1892, vice E. G. Sullivan, January
12, 1898. P.
DOUGLAS— Miss C. Hesselmeyer, Feb
ruary. 1892, vice H. Barrett, January
12 1898 P
tRVINQ SCOTT— Miss M. O'Brien, Au
gust 11, 1597, vice J. Miles, January 12,
IS9B, P.
HORACE MANN— Miss E. A. Sleator,
July 3. 1890, vice L. Radford, January 12,
IS9B, P.
JOHN SWETT-Miss L. A. Shaw. July
10, 1895, vice A. Breeso. October 27. 1897. R.
WALTER SCOTT— Mrs. M. E. Caldwell,
18S7, vice E. C. Koch, anuary 12, 189S, P.
AGASSIZ— Mrs. K. D. Speddlng, June 9,
1897, vice Miss E. Hettinger. September 6,
SOUTH END— Miss C. Parks. Septem
ber 1. 1897, vice Miss M. Torpev, Septem
ber 8, 1897, R.
HAWTHORNE— Miss Kozminsky, 1886,
vice Miss M. L. Love, September }>, 1897, R.
BARRINGTON— Miss L. A. Toomey,
1896, vice H. Brignardello, September 8,
ISOi , R.
SHERIDAN-Miss E. Manning, Septem
ber 11, 1897, vice Miss A. Tilling, Septem
ber 8, 1597, R.
JEFFERSON— Miss E. McFadden, Jan
uary 14. 1897. vice A. Cassamajou, Septem
ber 8. 1597, R.
IRVING SCOTT— C. F. Langley, No
vember 16. ISS7, vice Miss E. McCue, Sep
tember 9. ISS7, R.
CHINESE— Miss J. 11. Erkson. Sept«n
ber 1. 1897. vice J. Passalacqua, September
S, 1897, R.
LINCOLN— DanieI Lambert, vice Mrs.
M. Stuart. August 10, 1898
BUSINESS— Mrs. H. Maguire, August
1, 1897, vice Miss A. C. Wynne, August 10,
IS9B.
HORACE MANN— Miss M. Coop. May,
1896, vice Miss M. Kratzer. August 10, IS9S.
RINCON— Miss M. Mangan. July 8, 1597
vice M. L. Choynski. August 10. 1898.
RINCON— Miss H. M. Grace. Ma« i s< *5
vice Miss F. O'Keefe, September 14, 189t.
* RINCON— Mrs. L. Scott, July fcj, i.v..,.
vice Miss J. Fitzpatrick, September 14,
1898.
BUSlNESS— Unsupplied, vice Miss A. J.
Meusdorffer. September 14. IS9B.
HORACE MANN— J. S. Drew. December
1596, vice H. T. Bickel, September, 1898.
LINCOLN— Miss A. T. Crowley. July,
1897, vice J. A. Lenihan. July 27, 1898.
LINCOLN.. Miss A. J. R"ock, January
15. 1897, vice D. C. Deasy, July 27, 1898.
HUM BOLDT— Miss M. "Bradley. Septem
ber 1, 1897, vice Miss R. F. Lewis, July 27,
1898.
HORACE MANN— Miss H. B. Brennon,
April 11. 1896, vice Miss J. Doyle, July 27,
1898.
RINCON— Mrs. A. Stimmel, September
1. 1897, vice Miss E. Madden, July 27, 1898.
RINCON— Miss M. Hollub, 1898. vice
Miss J. Blum, July 27, 1898.
BUSlNESS— Unsupplied, vice Miss H.
Mooney. January 26, 1898.
RINCON— Miss If. L. Sabins, September
1. 1897, vice Miss A. J. Rock, January 12,
1898.
SPRING VALLEY— Miss E. C. Fitz
i gerald, September 1, 1897, vice Miss R.
■ Johnson, January 12, 1898.
HAMILTON— Miss E. Cerf, August 11,
1897, vice Dora Israel. February 23, 1898.
Day Substitutes.
Assigned today substitute list with pay
for actual service— Lou Smithson,
September 8, 1897, R.; Miss E. Hettinger,
September 8, 1897, X.; Miss M. Torpey.
September 8, 1897, R.; Miss M. L. Love,
September 8, 1897, R.; Miss H. Brignar
dello, September 8. 1897, R.; Miss A. Til
ing, September 8. 1897. R.; Miss A. Cassa
majou,. September 1897, R.; Miss E. Mc-
Cue, September 8, 1897, R.; Miss J. Passa
lacqua, September, 1897. R. Miss A. Farns
| worth, September 8, 1897, R. Miss C. Re
i gan, September' 8, 1897, P.; Miss L. M
! Cox, September 8, 1897. R.; Mrs. J. E Mc-
Nichol. October 27, 1897, R Miss A
Breese. October 27, 1897. R.; Miss C. Lew
ison. November 24, 1897, D. S.; Miss E
McDonald, December 31, 1897, R. Miss c'
i Gillmore, December 31, 1897, P.; Miss c'
I G. Koch, January 12,1898, P.; Miss H
j Gambitz. January 12, IS9B, P.; Miss J I
Miles, January 12, 1898. R.; Miss H. Bar
retl. January 12. 1898. P.; Miss E. G. Sul
livan, January 12, 1898, P.; Miss B. Gillen
January 12, 189 S. P.; Miss A. O'Connor!
! January 12. 1898. P.- Miss M. A. Latham
I January 12, I&9S. P.; Miss A. Cookson
! January 12. 1898, P.; Miss K. McGough
j January 12, 1898. P.; Miss R. McKeon! ,
I January 12, 1898, P.; Miss H.L. Boylan Jan- I
vary 12. 1898. R.; Miss J. McDonnell, Jan
uary 26. 1898, P.; Miss E. Hawkins. Jan
uary 26. 1898, D. S.; Miss E. Cleary. Feb
■ruary 23, 1898, P.; Miss M. Nolan, Febru
ary 23, IS9B, P.- Miss A. H. Powers, Feb
ruary 23, 189S, R.; Miss R. Stack, Febru
| ary 23, 1898, R.
Miss M. E. McDonald resigned her right
I and took the place of Mrs. Egan. trans- !
I transferred from evening to day list.
Day Unassigned List.
Assigned to the day unassigned list
without pay— Miss M. A. Wright, Febru
i ary 23, 1898; Miss E. Rlxon, February 23
I 1898; Miss A. Murphy, February 23, 1898; j
I Miss K. Torpey, February 23, 1898; Miss '
I E. Holmes, July 27. 1898; Miss I. M. Roos- :
1 man, July 27, 1S98; Miss M. Simon. July 27 1
i 1898; Miss F. Barrington, July 27, 1898; kiss
! M. A. Owen, July 27, 1898; Miss a. C. Grif
! nth. July 27.1898; Miss N. Erb. July 27.1895;
i Miss F. Hanley, July 27, 1898; iliss A. •■
i 'inomas. July 27. 1898: Miss B. Hilibone '
July 27, 1898; Miss F. Fenton, July 27, 189S- '
Miss R. Cassasa, July 27. 1898; Miss I.
Hemmingway, July 27, 1898} Miss A Bry
ant. July 27, 1898; Miss I. V. Ostrom, July
' 27. 1898; Miss L. Blake, August 10 1. .8- i
Miss N. McCarthy, August 10. IS9S; Miss c' '
i Crookham, August 10, 1898; Miss M. Dowl
-1 ing, August 10. 1898; Miss L. B. Riddell
I August 10, 1898; Mrs. F. Quinlan, August
10, 1898. ... .
Day Substitutes Dismissed.
Members of day list dismissed— E
F. Baker, August 10, 1898, P.; Miss L G
; Hennesfiy, August 10, 1898, S.; Miss a'
' Kane, ; September 14, 1898, S.; Mrs C R i
Arguello, September 14, 189S, S.; Miss m' i
! Conroy. September 14. 1898, S.; Miss L
Ewald. September 14, 1898, S. P.; Miss s' '
! Stols. September 14, 1898, P.; Miss M Lin- '
i pert. September 14, IS9B. S.; Miss M O !
Benjamin, September 14, 1898, S.; Mrs n' I
i Carson, September 14. 1898. S. ; Miss L La- ;
: very. September 14. IS9S, P.; M. J. Doyle '
manual training; Miss D. Moran, cooking' i
Miss R. Davis, cooking; Miss M. Coyle' !
cooking; Mr., Stockman, manual training!
Evenins Substitutes.
Assigned to the evening unassigned sub
■ stitute list with pay for actual teaching
! Miss Carl, January 12. 189S; Miss R. John
: son, January 12. 1898: Miss M. Lowei. Jan-
I vary 26. 1898: Miss E. C. Games, January
! 2i>. 189S; Miss Mooney, January 26
j 1898; Dora Israel, February 23, 1898.
Evening Unassigifed List. *
I Assigned to evening unassigned list j
without pay— Miss J. Blum. July 27, 1898- ;
: Miss A. Martin, July 27, 1898; Miss L. Dy
i er, July 27, 1898; Miss Fahrenkrug, July !
i 27. 1898; Miss E.- Marldrn, July 27, IS9S- .
; Miss J. Doyle, July 27, 1S98; J. A. Lenlhan, I
t .Inly 27, 1898;. Miss R. F. Lewis. July 27, '
1S98; D. C. Deasy. July 27, 1898; H. F. Shel- I
: ly, July 27, 189$.
" m Evening Teachers Dismissed.
Htvaning tfiW^ Qrfl diWfiklAfi^l —• J^*&A 1
THE SAS FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1899.
A RIOT MARKS THE CLOSE OF
THE PARRISH DIVORCE SCANDAL
RIOT, the screams of women, the muttered curses of men, the sound of
heavy falling blows that crunched the flesh of battling litigants, the
splash of blood and the shuffling of feet, hurrying to aid a fainting
woman, marked the close of the Parrlsh divorce scandal before Judge
Hebbard yesterday.
Mrs. D. M. Schafer, mother of Maud Parrish, the plaintiff in the action,
smarting under the order of the court denying her daughter freedom from the
man from whom she would be freed, and frenzied by the calm statements of the
man whom the law makes her son, forgot that she was a woman and with
clenched fists hurled herself into the gathering around young Parriah and rained
blows upon his face with ripht and left. Then the pent-up anger of her support
ers overcame them, and they launch* 1 into the battle without fear of conse
quence. The aged and respected laiu.-r of the young defendant, Norman Par
rish, proprietor of the California Paint Works, turned as the assault was made
upon his son, but the fist of George A. Proctor, who represented Mrs. Parrish,
bo a dozen witnesses say, struck the anxious father just beneath the eye, and
the blood trickling down his cheek substantiated their statements.
The uncalled-for assault upon young Parrish and the cruel blow that injured
his father were the signal for a general tight. The crowd mixed and jammed
against the doors leading into Judge Hebbard's courtroom, almost wrenching
them from their hinges. The bailiffs sprang up and hurried into the hall in which
the fight was being waged, but chaos was existing. Young Parrish, defending
himself from the renewed assault of Mrs. Schafer. her forces reinforced by
Mrs. Parrish and another woman who testified in favor of the plaintiff, was be
ing driven toward the railing.
At this point the tide of battle turned. The bailiff sailed in. Jim McQuade, a
police- clerk, also entered the scene of disturbance, and the hysterical fighting
women were secured and dragged away. But young Parrish was not to escape.
He had been forced near the banisters, and when a minute later McQuade returned
to the scene, after leaving Mrs. Schafer in the care of a host of stcirtled spec
tators, the legally victorious husband was leaning over the banisters trying to
save himself from a fall, while D. M. Schafer and Ted Hanson, another witness,
wore giving vent to their anger by raining blows on the unfortunate defendant's
body. This is the story young Parrish tells, and his story is corroborated.
McQuade entered the battle again, and with his iron hands hurled the assail
ants from their intended victims. A second assault was made on the gray
haired father of Parrish, and in the mix-up a awing from Bert Adams narrowly
missed the vulnerable jaw of Attorney Proctor. Proctor retired and adjourned
to other scenes. This fight was closed, but while the second round was being
concluded Mrs. Schafer had escaped her guardians and had reached the court
room door before her presence was noted. Young Parrish, under guard, had
entered the courtroom, and when Mrs. Schafer observed him she renewed her row.
"You coward! You San Quentin devil!" she shouted. "You are afraid of me;
L. Cline, August 10, 1898, sub;
Miss N. Hart, August 10, 1898.. sub.: Mrs.
M. Stuart. August 10, IS9B, prob.; Miss A.
Wynne, August 10. 1898, prob.; Miss E.
R. Coey, August 10, 1898, prob.; Ed Hon
feld, August 10, 189S, prob.; Miss K. Kelly,
August 10, IS9S. prob.; Miss C. A. McCar
thy, August 10, 1898, prob.; Miss L. A.
Hay, August 10, 1898, prob.; Miss C. A.
Baker, August 10, 1898, prob.; Miss M.
Kratzer, August 10, 1898, prob.; N. San
ders, August 31, 1898, prob.; M. L. Choyn
ski, August 31. 1898. prob.; Miss N. Swee
ney, August 31, IS9B, sub.; Miss Mary
Tormcy, August 31, 1898, sub.; Miss F.
O'Keere, August 31, 1898. sub.; Miss J.
Fitzpatrick. August 31, 1898, prob.; Miss
S. Boniface, September 14, 1898. prob.;
Miss T. Sullivan, September 14. 1898, prob.;
Miss E. F. Daniels, September 14, 1898,
prob.; Miss L. Douglass, September 14,
1898, prob.; Miss H. O'Nell, September 14,
1898, prob.; Miss L. Wores, September 14,
1898, prob.; Miss M. Morrison, September
14, 1898. prob.; Miss A. G. Meussdorffer,
September 14, IS9S, prob.; H. T. Bickel,
September 14, IS9S, prob.; Mrs. G. \V.
Forbes, September 14, 189S, prob.; Myrtile
Cerf, October, 189S, prob.
Before the board convened last night
it was known that Judge Seawell had
so modified his injunction as to per
mit the payment of January salaries.
The board went into 'executive session
for over two hours to discuss the
financial situation. When Directors
again met in public the following report
was submitted and adopted: ••,-
Whereas, The entire amount of money at the
disposal of this board for payment of demands
Incurred in January is $90,500, and ■ the' total
amount of January salaries of the department.
Including .rent and labor claims, is $100,000, and
of merchants" accounts and -supplies not less
than $2000, amounting in all to $102,000 and up
ward, so' that the mone" in hand is Insufficient
to pay said demands In full;
- Resolved, That warrants be forthwith' ap- -
proved, audited and Issued by the board for
SO per cent of the salary of each employe and
teacher of the department, and that the. ques
tion whether the board is permitted, by exist
ing injunction, to pay merchants' and rent
claims be referred to th* City and County At- ■
tome and upon his advising the board that;
they may safely do so, that then the board do
audit and allow said merchants' • and •' rent
claims to the amount of 80 per- cent. The 20
per cent withheld from the -January claims of '
every nature shall be f paid out of the first
funds of the department available therefor. • ,
The committee on school 1 buildings
recommended that $71,484 IB be appro
priated for immediate repairs and that
$30,770 60 additional be expended for the;
same purpose during the coming sum
mer. The Crocker Grammar.' School
needs painting; the Dudley Stone pri
mary needs windbreaks to the amount
of $255; the Franklin Grammar, needs
plumbing to the amount of $2400, with
a total amount of repairs of $3520; the
Garfield primary is in . a state of ruin,
requiring repairs amounting' to $3633;
the Haight primary wants I $2400 worth
of plumbing: the Irving primary must <
be repainted at a cost of $725, other re
pairs on the buildings $1329; the Jef
ferson primary must be repainted at a
cost of $275; the Le Conte School is past
repairing, but the committee . recom
mends $520 worth of ,, work done im- ,
mediately notwithstanding;' the Madi
son primary building end yards | need
$3525 worth of repairs; the Polytechnic
High School requires $2002- in repairs
and new furniture; the Sutro primary
needs painting to preserve the build
ings— the Webster primary; should
be condemned and new building erect
ed; the Washington Grammar is re
ported in a dangerous condition.
The following new ' buildings and
rooms were recommended for imme
diate construction: .
Noe Valley School, eight-claes brick build-
Ing, $40,000; Madison School, eight-class build
ing. $40,000: Jackson School, lot and four-class
building, $30,000; Harrington School, six-class
brick buildings, $40,000; Hamilton - Grammar,
Fix class rooms (annex), $8000; Hearst Gram
; mnr, six class rooms (annex), $S0OO; Laguna
| Honda, eight-clans brick buildings, $40,000;
I Washington-. Grammar. ... slxteen-class brick
buildings, ■ $80,000; , Le . .-. Conte v Primary,
I twelve-class brick buildings, . $60,000; Monroe
| Primary. . twelve-class brick buildings,'. $C0,OCO;
j Marshall Primary, twelve-class brick' buildings,
I UIXNMi Bunnyside Primary, • four-class ; brick
buildings, $20,000; Sutro Primary, eight-class
brick buildings, $40,000; Richmond Primary,
four class rooms annex), $8000; Webster Pri
mary, eighteen-class brick and new lot (to In
clude Lincoln and Webster). J115.000; or Web
ster Primary, six-class (brick) rooms, $30,000;
totnl, $6S»9,(ji>i.
Director Stow moved a suspension of
the rules to offer the following amend
ment, which was adopted:
Resolved, That ">e resolution adopted on the
21th of January, 1899, to wit, "that teachers
who have been transferred from : • evening
schools to the day schools shall be considered
ay having been appointed when last trans
ferred," be amended as follows:
That teachers who have been transferred
from the evening schools shall be considered as
having been appointed at a date equally dis
tant between the date of her appointment into
the department and the date of her transfer
to the day school.
The period of such teachers' service in the
evening schools shall be credited as the equiv
alent of one-half of similar period of service
in the day schools.
This was a partial victory for the
evening teachers after a hard ~ -M in
one of the many secret sessions of the
board. As the resolution originally
read they would receive no credit
for their service in the evening school.
Thus, a teacher who had taught one of
these classes for several years should
she have been transferred to a day
class two months ago would find her
self dismissed with the batch of last
appointees of the late board. The
transferred teachers early saw this
point and stirred up a force the board
could not down, hence the compromise
of an amendment to the resolution.
In answer to a query as to why the
board was indisposed to recognize the
professional status of evening schopl
teachers, a prominent educator stated
that evening schools are without ma
terial standing among educational in
stitutions. The State takes no great
account of them, and they are con
sidered only in the light of an accom
modation to a neighborhood rather
than a scholastic necessity.
Mrs. S. Caldwell requested to be
taken from the unassigned list and
placed in charge of a primary class.
She stated that she was elected to the
School Department in June, 1868, and
had been on the unassigned list since
August, 1897, and for nearly a year had
been on leave of absence.
A petition was read from Hayes Val
ley residents protesting against the
closing of the John Swett Evening
School. The petitions stated that over
300 pupils would be without evening
school facilities.
Principal E. C. Kilpatrick of the
Business Evening School filed with the
board a demand for his $100 salary for
the month of December. Miss Chris
tine M. High, a teacher of stenography,
also filed her demand for $75, salary for
January.
Relative to the substitute and "unas
signed without pay" list, it will be no
little meed of hope to the luckless ones
to know that their cases will mend
every hour.
The positions of about eighty-eight
teachers will be upheaved in this
revolution and forty-one of them will
go on the substitute list, leaving forty
seven still unemployed. The rules rela
tive to retirements, heretofore a dead
letter, will be in the future rigidly en
forced. No old and superannuated
teachers will be permitted to encumber
the corps. It is believed that about
twenty-five will be dropped from the
pay rolls annually for this cause. As a
further culling out, a number of "in
competents" will find themselves facing
an investigating committee. It is told
in rather loud whispers among the edu
cators that so lax have been the re
quirements, both professionally and
morally, for election to the School De
partment that undesirable persons have
crept into the ranks. These will go
rapidly when the "weeding" time
The San Francisco School Teachers'
and right you are, for I will be revenged."
Mr. Fraser, at one time agent of Millionaire Flood, closed his hands over the
arms of Mrs. Schafer, and with the admonition, "Be careful, make no more
assaults; leave the courtroom like a lady," he half-assisted, half-carried his
burden out into the corridor. Then a shout went up that Mr. Parrish was being
injured in the light in the hall.
His wife, full of years and sorrow at the scandal brought upon her, fainted
away. A hundred willing hands hurried to her assistance. She was placed In
a chair, water was dashed in her face, and in a short time she recovered con
sciousness, but was extremely nervous. A carriage was called and she was taken
to her home.
Out in the corridors the threat was heard, "I will kill him when I see him on
the street— the dog that would malign my daughter." Then a protest was heard,
gentle at first, then threatening, and amid the disturbance and gesticulations
of the gathering throng the disturbers were hurried from the great hall to their
homes, it is thought, but where they only knew. Judge Hebbard had left his
chambers and when the elderly Mr. Parrish went therein to see what was to be
done he could find no one to give him advice. "I would spend $50,000 to punish
these people," he said at first, but when his temper cooled he remarked that he
would let them go their way, for it was better that it should be so. Thus the
riot terminated, and it is fortunate that death was not its termination.
Mrs. Parrish brought her suit against her husband for a divorce, alleging
cruelty as a cause of action. She contended that he had often accused her of
infidelity, had cursed her, abused her and neglected her. On one occasion, she al
leged, when they were living in the Fairmount Hotel, he came home and pro
ceeded to wreck the establishment and succeeded in breaking all the bric-a-brac
in her humble quarters. Again she said she had led him to their home when
he was a child of Bacchus— in fact, deliriously drunk— only to be abused. This
he denied and his denial found support.
When the case was called yesterday Mrs. Parrish saw that her witnesses were
placed on the stand to tell their stories. They did, and then Mrs. Parrish took
the stand. She told the story as set forth in her complaint, but under the rigid
cross-examination of Attorney McPike wavered to some extent. Then Mr. Par
rish, the defendant, took the stand. He denied that he had ever abused, cursed
or rendered his wife unhappy by reason of his appetite for intoxicating liquor.
He said that he had criticized her for having gone to the rooms of women who
smoked cigarettes and objected to her associating with Mr. Hanson, who mixed up
in the fight. His story bore the stamp of truth, and when he left the stand
Judge Hebbard, in a gentle tone, ordered the divorce denied.
Judge Hebbard went to his chambers and then left the building. Young
Parrish mingled with his friends in the corridor until the asault of Mrs. Schaf
er The rest has been told. Mrs. Schafer says that she will kill her son-in-law
the first opportunity that presents Itself. Young Parrish says that he believes
she will, or at least will try.
Society met last evening in one of the
committee rooms of the Board of Edu
cation to discuss amendments to the
teachers' annuity bill pending in the
Legislature. The monthly dues— Jl
for day school teachers and 50 cents
from those of the evening schools— are
not sufficient for the $50 per month
paid to the annuitants. So it was pro
posed that teachers after ten years' ser
vice shall pay into the fund $2 per
month and after twenty years' ser
vice they must pay $3 per month.
Another meeting of the society will be
held next Wednesday afternon at 4
o'clock at the Girls' High School.
FORBIDDEN THE PARK.
Fournier Gets Into More Trouble
With His Motor Cycle.
The mounted police of Golden Gate
Park have been instructed to suppress
Henri Fournier, the crack French cy
clist, who came here recently to exhibit
his fearful gasoline tricycle.
Last Saturday's Call contained an ac
count of how Fournier got into trouble
trying to take his infernal machine across
on an Oakland ferry-boat. By reason of
a rule forbidding the carrying of gasoline
or any other explosive "Ine" or "ene" on
a train or ferry, he could not get over the
bay.
Fournier has been in the habit of riding
his machine in the park since his arrival
a week ago, and now he is refused even
this pleasure. The reason given is that
the constant "choo, choo, cnoo" emitted
from his machine, like the exhaust of a
naphtha launch, is liable to frighten
horses.
Another reason given is that he travels
too fast. With a machine under him that
can travel a mile in less than two min
utes, a man of Henri Fournier's tem
perament is not likely to "mosey" along
out to the beach at an eight miles an
hour gait. So Henri generally "hits it
up" to about two minutes fiat per mile.
Result, exit Henri.
He has not been refused permission to
ride on the ocean beach drive, however,
but to get there he has to go over the
Almshouse road and Dewey boulevard,
which is not much to his liking, but it 13
Hobson's choice with Henri.
He may be seen any afternoon now on
the Ocean boulevard, spinning along at a
breakneck clip, with a string of perspiring
bicyclists strung. out behind him in the
vain endeavor ta follow his pace. While
they are working themselves to death
Henri puts his feet up on the coasters
and enjoys his cigar amid the refreshing
breezes that his immense speed creates
for him.
GONE OUT OF BUSINESS.
Loewenthal's Cloak and Suit House,
established for a number of years at 914
Market street, have sold their lease, and
the building will be immediately torn
down and rebuilt. Their entire stock
was purchased by the Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar, their big neighbor
across the street. Loewenthal & Co. will
probably resume in some branch of the
business in a new location.
Collided With a Wagon.
K. Kawashima. a Japanese, while rid
ing a bicycle along Haight street, near
Gough, yesterday afternoon con.ded with
an express wagon and was severely hurt.
He was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where an examination disclosed
that he was suffering from concussion of
the brain. It is believed he will not re
cover.
Telegraph Boys Play Ball.
The Western Union nine defeated the
Postal nine yesterday arternoon In a
game of baseball by a cloae score of 15
to 11. The features of the game were the
batting of Dv Boise, Eastwood and M.
Frledlander and the pitching of H. O'Don
nell of the Western I'nion nine.
All watch repalrlnc warranted for two years.
JAMES A. SORENSEN. 135 Sixth, nr. Howard.
ONE WOMAN
CHASES OFF
A BURGLAR
Mrs. Gustav Wolf in a
Brave Role.
ROUTED A NIGHT VISITOR
DISCOVERED HIM IN THE HOUSE
AT MIDNIGHT.
He Had Secured Booty, but iie
Dropped It in His Flight Be
fore an Unarmed
Woman.
An attempt was made to rob the resi
dence of Gustav Wolf, of the firm of
Wolf, Wreden & Co., wholesale liquor
dealers, at 1428 Leavenworth street, early
yesterday morning, but it was frustrated
by the aot of Mrs. Wolf, who rushed after
the Intruder and drove him to the street.
He had secured two valuable watches and
a diamond stud, but these he dropped In
his flight.
Wolf for some time has been out of the
city, and his wife has been alone, except
for Miss Ora Lambert, who remained with
her Sunday night. About 1 o'clock in the
morning the lady Imagined she heard a
noise, and seeing the door which leads
to her room open, became convinced that
; some one was in the house. She waited
for a moment, and saw the burglar enter
and make his way to the center of the
room. With a bound she was out of bed,
and he immediately made for the door,
at the same time "throwing the jewelry
he had taken back Into the room. Down
the stairs both rushed, and when Mrs.
Wolf reached the electric button she
pressed it and lighted the hall. The bur
glar was then but a foot or two in front
of her, but succeeded in making his es
cape. A special policeman who was at the
corner of Leaven worth and Jackson
streets responded to the woman's cries,
but could lind no trace of -the man. A
search was made, and it is likely that he
passed up an alleyway on the premises
and escaped into another street.
Mrs. Wolf was totally unarmed, and
says it was purely impulse which prompt
ed her in following the intruder. Had It
not been for her act, however, she might
have been minus the valuables he had in
his possession. The open door is evi
dence that he had already ransacked the
room and was making his second round.
He had taken silverware from the dining
room but he had laid it down in the hall
before entering the room. He admitted
himself to the house by picking the lock
on the front door.
W. A. Strohmeler & Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candles, caramels, taf
fies, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world 1006 Market street. •
Pigott and His ''Pull."
John Plgffott. the notorious pickpocket,
arrested early Sunday morning on Ellis
street by Policeman Burney Harter for
vagrancy, appeared in Judge Graham's
court yesterday morning and demanded
a Jury' trial. The case was set for Feb
ruary 16. There hns been a ease pending
in the same court against PigKott and
Carl Chllds. v .companion, for the past
four or five months. II was on the calen
dar of the court last Saturday, and wan
again continued for n. wppk. No valid
reason can be griven for the delay except
probably the fact that Piggott has too
strong a "pull." Hf has been arrested
numerous times for picking pockets and
vagrancy, both here and In Oakland, imt
always escaped -punishment owing to his
"pull." When an officer arrests him ha
coolly tells him that he might a-< well sav e
himself the trouble. The police arc thor
oughly, disgusted, and. wonder why such
a notorious criminal should be in, a posi
tion to defy the law. The present case
will be watched with interest.
The Guild's Ladies' Night.
The lady members of San Francisco
Chapter of the American Guild have ar
ranged an entertainment and dance to be
piven to-morrow night in Shasta Hall or
the Native Sons' building. It will be the
first ladies' nipht given by the guild.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
THIS WEEK.
800 pairs Ladies' Fine French Kid
Lace Shoes, latest style silk vesting
piece, new narrow coin toe, O A flft
to be closed out at OZiUU
DON'T FORGET
Our Bargain Counter if you want fine
shoes cheap.
P — — — — * *"
Cut prices in all lines.
Satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded.
NOLAN BROS.
812-814 Market St.
Mail Orders Filled.
1 uljutJjAv /Ml^9 UinvJ \5SjVt VsH-SfeSX
Only * pure r and " highest
grade ingredients and
perfect brewing can pro*
duce the exquisite flavor
possessed by "Blatz.*
VAL.BLATZ BREWING Ca
MILWAUKEE. U.S. A.
Louis Caßen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 41 6-4 J 8 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
"PEGAMOID"
. - . TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT, for decoratlva and
general uses, on wood or metal, washable, un-
tarnishable. LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SIL-
VER. ' — -
rEGAMOID LEATHERS WATERPROOF.
GREASEPROOF, STAINPROOF, superior la
all respects to natural ■ leather.
Send 26c for SAMPLE ■■ BOTTLE PAINT, or
enough leather to cover dining chair, deak oc
footstool, ' and pamphlet.
WHAT IS PEGAMOID?
PEGAMOID LEATHERS AND PAINTS oa
Exhibition. We Cordially Invite
o '^Inspection. :
Come and See a PEGAMOID ROOM.
On EMPORIUM and WILL & FINCK.
WESTERN ACJENCIES CO..
61 and 62 Chronicle building, San Francisco.
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIM
Ml Wool Suits to &i 0 fa <rOC
Order from I/ " 4)00
Pantafrom.. $4 to $|Q
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
• i 11 lOand 1 1 12 Market St, S.F.
485 i4th Street, OAKLAND, CAL.
Jcfemiii&
A table water of exceptional purity
and excellence.— London Lancet.
Wm.Wolff&Cq., Pac. Coast Agts.
WriEbfs Indian VEietaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands ot persons who
; have Übcd them ' for over Torty years to cur* 1
SICK HEADXCKE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIP A- *
; TION. Torpid. Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimple* '
and purify the blood. v
Crdssman's Spscilc Mixture
Wtth this i remedy percons can cure them-
•elve.i without the least exposure, change ot
diet or change In application to business. Tha
medrlne contains nothing of the lea»t Injury
■ to; the coniitttutton. • Ask your druggist (or U.
, Price $1 a botUe. - L-
w