VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 126.
NEW LAND AND
OPEN WATER IN
THE ANTARCTIC
C |\ /I ONTEVIDEO, April 4. — The German steamship Karnac, which arrived to-day from ■
♦ I VI {he ac '^° Coast, reports that the Belgian Antarctic expedition on the steamship Bel- $
gica, under command of Lieutenant Antonin de Gerlache, has arrived at Punta Arenas, $
O Straits of Magellan, after having been imprisoned in the ice for two months. M. Daner, an S
© explorer, died from illness and one sailor perished by drowning-. q
NEW Y( IRK, April 4. — The Brooklyn Standard Union prints the following copyright- ♦
O ed cable dispatch, dated Montevideo, April 4. signed by Dr. Frederick A. Cook, surgeon of >
o the Belgic expedition: • ®
O "The Belgica arrived here this morning. All well. Our Antarctic voyage has been a 0
O complete success. Much new land in Weddell Sea and open water to the far south discov- ©
q ered. Active volcanot-s were also seen. I come home direct by an early steamship. The O
q Belgica will not return for another winter., as originally planned. We lost a man by accident o
q and one by disease." . ©
0 The last previous communication from the expedition was from Ushuala, the southern O
q point of Terra del Fuego. Decembers 1807, stating that on the next day the steamship 0
q would sail for the unknown south. Originally the purpose was to return last fall and refit in O
q Melbourne, v but to-day's dispatch makes it certain that the Belgica party was the first, o
1 to winter south of the Antarctic circle. £
NEW YORK, April 4.— Equipped
• an expense of
a lefl
Art ■ to en
ter
In qu<
orisri: refitted to re
pi.«i plans of Dr.
the equipnv
the i - ■ye balloon to
facilii and surveys.
■
ight back word
The
CUBAN ARMY
IS FINALLY
DISBANDED
Military Assembly Closes
Its Work in Spirit of
Deepest Gloom.
CISXEROS PROTESTS
lie Is Weak and Old, and His
Feeble Voice Passes Un
heeded.
Special Dispatch to The C3I!.
VANA. April 4.— The army ques
. ■ 'tied.
"As the shadows of nieht fall over
th>- city v. finish our work. So i« Cuba's
future rloudf.fi and dark. [ take leave
v with sorrow, and m>- last words
May Cuba pome day be free and
indepe ndent.' "
With th ,-ral Fernando
Freyrr- <je Andrade, President nf the
ZUili; ,\ j ts |agt SPP .
this • ■•. • ning. The
■whol* •;, and dispas
• n hours.
'liily's flights of oratory.
in which he liken< d th* members of the
tnbly to a "band of faithful work
evoted r- ■ ,,!, but finally
-ished by uncontrollable condi
"' ■ ■ ■ ■ iv. d with applause.
Thp Assembly ordered th>- dlsbai
of the army in accordance with F
:iKHfS' motion and passed upon
th.- details and m< thods of th<
ment. A new executive comm ■
th^n appointed to attend to th" routine
work connected with the commission
of Cuban officers, and this committee
will supply to General Brooke the copies
• ' Juban muster ro-Hp.
Twenty-two members attended th<
n. Salvator Cisneros of
Puerto Principe, who was chosen Presi
of th'- Cuban republic at the
C the provincial delegates at
Puerto Principe on September 23. 1895,
and was ultimately succeeded by Benor
Bartolome Maso, was the only member
resi 'lution to dia
: . ' . dissolve. To the very last
a ny event, the reso
as unconstitutional,
. . ; never give up his
intll a new Assembly had
■ ' d.
- la a very old man. his
■ iik and his protests were
■ y his colleagues.
WARREN F. LELAND
CALLED BY DEATH
v YORK. April 4.— Warren F. Le
the Windsor Hotel,
■i by ftre on March
• k this afternoon :<\
Mr Leland'a death
itlon for appem
last
Mr. . ,1 ently been In
1 !■!■ to Thursday last, notwith-
Of work h- had to
rnlng of his
■ ■
r WhO w. i. ;illnr;i>;
ay he
to comn his lllnesi
ntly serlo Itation of phy
was held on Friday, Htnl it was
di-onif-'i advisable to perform an ■
tlon. After th< I the pat
Jfactory, but h<- had
■ following day nnd a iec
rday. Ai ) to'clock this af
ternoon he br-gan t" sink rapidly and died
Within two hours.
Aguirre to Succeed Hale.
LOS ANGELES, April ■). A.l the mpet
lnp; of the Board of Prlw ra on
moon ne.\t M;inm O.
Aguirre, t-x-Sherin' of l.n^ Angeles
. will lie appointed Wanlrp f t^o
Prison at San Quentin, to succeed
W. E. Hale.
The San Francisco Call.
crew (---insisted of two machinists, one
sailing m ister, »np carpenter, two har
pooners, twelve sailors, two stokers, a
cook and a steward.
The scientific staff included a geolo
gist, meteorologist, an expert dredger
and physician.
It was the plan nf the expedition to
proceed from the Strait^ of Magellan
to the Shetland Islands, thence to Gra
hnmland and Bouthwestward along its
border south Into Weddel Sea, the west
ern terminus of Orahamland, to the
coast of Alexanderland southward aril
TEN LIVES LOST
ON THE CHILKAT
CHILKAT TURNED TURTLE ON HUMBOLDT BAR
EUREKA, April 4.— One of the
worst wrecks, as regards loss of
life, in the history of Humboldt
bar, occurred this morning. The
little steamer Chilkat, with
nineteen persons on board, left Eureka
at 10 o'clock. Before noon she was bot
tom side up on the bar and ten of those
aboard were dead. Of the nineteen on
the vessel thirteen were officers and
seamen and six were passengers. Of
the passengers two were saved and four
lost, and of the crew seven were saved
and six lost.
The Ghilkat left Eureka at 10:20
o'clock and .arrived at the bar at- 11:17.
She proceeded to cross and was almost
over the bar when a big sea struck her
forward, carried away the wheelhouse
and the wheel, disabling her steering
gear, and smashed her upper works
generally. The captain called for a j
block to construct a temporary steer
ing gear, but before anything could be
done the helpless boat fell into the
trough of the sea and the men came
piling up from below with the informa
tion that the water had poured in and
put out the fires.
The ship was entirely helpless and
another breaker went over her. Every
body got up on the hurricane deck and
.an attempt was made to get the small
boats clear. The breakers followed
each other fast, and the fourth and
fifth struck the ship in such a way as
to turn her upside down.
The captain had ordered those
aboard to put on life preservers. All
were on deck except O'Brien, who was
lost overboard. The North Fork was
about 150 yards ahead. The Chilkat j
careened toward the shore side and
remained partly turned over for five
minutes before she turned turtle.
Three boats were launched. The first
reached the North Fork. The second
capsized, but its occupants reached
shore. The third was never heard from
again. The saved passengers were H.
Smith of Scotia, this county, and W. C.
Morser of Oakland. Morser is a car
penter and his home is at the corner of
Oakland avenue and Orange street,
where his family resides. He had been
working near Ferndale for several
months.
The lost passengers are M. O. Buzan 1#
Peter Fry, .E. O'Brien and E. J. 80-'
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
westward to Victorialahd, skirting the
coasi from Cape Adare t<> Mounts Er
hr.s and Terror, in order to effect a
landing, when a party would disembark
v Ith provisions for a year and tho P.el
cica would snil to Melbourne tn refli
and coal, after which she would pro
; to Ruktands, <'ampbell and other
Bub-Antarctic islands.
It was the aim of the expedition to
m;ik>- a thorough scientific survey of
• inns traversed, and according to
. dispatch i" a Brooklyn paper received
y from Dr. Cook, the expedition's
ton, th ! undertaking has proved
-st'lll.
THE DROWNED.
Captain B. E. Anderson.
E. 1 lapalla, cook.
A. Johnson, seaman.
M. 6. Buzan of San Francisco, passenger-
Peter Day ol Ferndale, passenger.
I-;. O'Brien of Eureka, passenger.
E. .f. Boland of Eureka, passenger.
Second officer and two seamen, names unknown.
THE SAVED.
Peter Johnson, first officer.
William Packard, chief engineer.
Clyde Lightner, -assistant engineer.
William Grief, fireman.
T. C. Boball, steward.
Howard Smith, passenger.
,\. ( '. Moser, passenger.
William Black, seaman.
Peter Hansen. fireman.
land. Buzan was a tight-rope perform
er, and it is suposed his home was in
San Francisco. Little is known of him
here. Fry was manager of a creamery
at Ferndale and was a well-known citi
zen of this place. E. O'Brien was a Eu
reka boy. He was going to San Fran
cisco to take charge of an elevator in
the Wells-Fargo building. E. J. Bo-
land was a printer. He came to Eu
about a month ago and had been
employed on the Times. Where his
home was is not known. He had work
ed in San Francisco in several of the
: big job offices.
The members of the crew saved ware:
Peter Jensen, mate; William Packwood,
chief engineer; Clyde Lightner. first as
sistant engineer; T. C. Bohall. steward;
William Geip, fireman; Peter Hansen,
fireman; William Black, seaman.
Of the seamen who were lost the
name nf one, the captain, is known. The
record was not kept here, though it is
possible that they are recorded in the
San Francisco office. Captain B. E. An
derson was master of the vessel. His
home was in San Francisco, at the cor
ner of Fremont and Harrison streets.
He had a wife, but no children. Of the
people saved six got away in the boat
that was picked up by the North Fork.
They were carried on to San Francisco.
THE POPE'S
LIFE HANGS
BY A THREAD
His Real Danger Is That
He Cannot Take Proper
Nourishment.
MUST GUN STRENGTH
Small Hope Unless He Turns
for the Better in the
Spring.
Precial Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. April s.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle
says: "The Pope is able to be up and
about, but he cannot do his custom
ary work, and the Vatican routine
has to be executed without personal
reference to him.
"The danger from his fainting fits
has been exaggerated and the real
reason for anxiety is his inability to
take sufficient nourishment. His
Holiness may keep going so long as
there is no extra pressure upon him,
but his life will hang by a slender
thread unless he gathers strength
with the returning spring."
The other three washed ashore on
wreckage. They -were taken out of the
water by three women at the life-sav
ing station and are now in this city.
They are Mate Johnson, Fireman Han
sen and Passenger Morser.
These brave women of the life-saving
station, whose husbands even then
were risking their lives in a fruitless
attempt to save the passengers and
crew of the vessel, went to the beach to
follow with their eyes the boat that
bore their loved ones. Their fears (or
their own did not blind them to the
needs of others, and when the half
drowned men frc-rn the wreck were
sighted floating in toward the beach
they rushed bravely into the surf and
dragged them out, one after the other.
These heroines were Mrs. Hennig. wift
of Captain Hennig of the life-saving
crew; Mrs. McLain, wife of one of his
brave boatmen, and a sistor of Mrs.
Mr-Lain. Tne three- men had been in
the water an hour.
The tug Ranger was sent for and
quickly responded, relieving the North
Fork, which had stood by the wreck.
No bodies have yet been washed
ashore. The wreck .is now drifting
southward. Wreckage is coming
ashore. The cargo consisted of boxes
of butter, hides, shingles, lumber, con
densed milk and apples. It is scattered
on the beach.
This was the third time within a year
the Chilkat has met with a mishap on
Humboldt bar. Once her sternhousp
was stove and next her side was punc
tured. She was originally a fishing
tender tug used at the canneries in the
Oregon rivers, and was built at Asto
ria in 1890. Her dimensions are:
Length 105 feet, beam 20% feet and
depth of hold 7% feet. With the lofty
Continued on Second Page.
VIRGINIA FAIR THE
HAPPY BRIDE OF
YOUNG VANDERBILT
MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM K. VANDERBILT JR.
NEW YORK, April 4. -Miss Vir
ginia Fair, daughter of the late |
Senator James •:;. Fair of Cali
fornia, at nopn to-day was mar
ried to William Kipsam Vander
bilt Jr., elder son of William K. Van
derbilt.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
Father Murphy of St. Patrick's i
Cathedral in the ballroom at the home j
of the bride's brother-in-law, Herman
Oelrichs. at 1 East Fifty-seventh street.
In magnificence the details of t'.;< j
wedding equaled the Vanderbilt-Marl
borougfa union; in simplicity it might
have been performed in a cottage: in j
lavish display of wealth and extrava- I
gance it easily rivaled the Gould-Cas
tellane marriage; in quiet and serene
Joy it might have been a modest coun
try home wedding, that is. except for
the crowd outside, that tilled the streets
and craned ne< ks for only a fleeting
glimpse of bride, bridegroom or guests.
'Ph.' crowd was patient when men of
affairs and millions rolled up to the
stately home of the Oelricha In car
riages. It was impatient and eager
when women laden with fortunes in
rare and glistening gems glistened Cor
a moment in the' sunlight, then entered
the canvas lane leading to the house.
But it was wild, impetuous and uncon
trollable when the bride ran from the
house \vith her husband in a shower of
rice and followed by the bridal slipper,
thrown by a sure hand. Then the
crowd broke the police cordon and
swarmed around the pair. There was
only a scramble, a jostling, then the
crowd fell back and made amends by
giving a hearty cheer for the lucky
young Americans.
The flowers used in decorating the
ballroom for the wedding were after
ward distributed among the patients
in Bellevue Hospital.
Perfect in every detail were the ap
pointments of the wedding. There were
assembled in the ballroom where the
marriage ceremony was performed less
than one hundred and fifty persons.
relatives and intimate friends of the
bridal couple. The ballroom was made !
to resemble a chapel as much as pos
sible, and an aisle, formed of a very tali
rose trees in full bloom, was placed in
the center of the room and extended to
the conservatory at the east end, in
front of which was erected a prie dieu,
behind which the priest stood.
The conservatory itself was hung
with pink gauze and the walls entirely
covered with branches of quince and
apple in full bloom, making altogether
a beautiful floral bower.
On either side of the aisle were placed
gilded chairs and the guests were
shown to their assigned places by
Roman Baldwin and Clarence H.
Mackay.
On the right side of the aisle were
seated Mrs. Herman Oelrichs and her
young son, William K. Vanderbilt, Mr.
and Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Paine Whitney, Alfred C.
Vanderbilt, Reginald Vanderbilt, Mr.
and Mrs. William D. Sloane, Miss Tila
Sloane, Malcolm Sloane. Mr. and Mrs.
H. McK. Twombly, Miss Ruth Twom
bly, Mrs. Elliott F. Shepard, Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Schieffelin, Mr. and Mrs. I.
Townsend Burden, Mr. and Mrs. E. G.
Fabbri. Mrs. Orme Wilson. Mr. and
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr., Mrs. W.
Storrs Wells, Mr. and Mrs. Cooper
Hewitt. Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Childs, Mrs.
M. 11. de Young and "thers.
On the other side of the aisle were
Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont and her son.
Harold sterling Vanderbilt, Colonel
and Mrs. Jay, Miss Eleanor Jay. Miss
Armide Smith. Mrs. Kellogg, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles < ">. Irii hs, Miss Lily Oel
richs. Mrs. James P. Kernochan,
Mr. and Mrs. Stanford White. Mr. and
Mrs. William A. Duer. Mr. and Mrs.
George B. de Forrest, Mrs. Ogden
Mills. George Cavendish Bentinck, i:.
L. Winthrop, Mr. and Mrs. Whitney
Warren, Miss Evelyn Burden. Mrs.
Richard McCreery, Mr. and Mrs. James
Benkard, Harry Rollins, Mr. and Mrs.
Foxhall Keene, Mr. and Mrs. J. Fred
Tnms, Mrs. C. B. Alexander. Senator
Chauncey M. Depew, Henry Lehr. Mr.
and Mrs. Oliver Harriman .Jr.. Mr. and
Mrs. Carolin, James Tolfree and Mrs.
T. Suffern Tailer.
While the guests were being seated
Emil Paur's orchestra of thirty, with
harp and organ, played Handel's
"Largo," Nathan Franko playing the
violin solo from the wedding music of
A.' Jensen and Mendelssohn's "Spring
Song." The orchestra was stationed in
the music gallery.
Just before the strains of the bridal
chorus from "Lohengrin" announced
that the bride was about to enter the
ballroom. Father Murphy, attended by
two arolyt.s, passed through the aisle
to the prie dieu, and immediately af
t< rward the bridegroom and his bes,t
man, J. Prenticp Kellogg, made their
entrance from the conservatory.
Just as the- orchestra began the
"Lohengrin" music, Messrs. Mackay
and Baldwin and Miss Mary Baldwin
Tolfree, maid of honor and only at
tendant of the bride, entered, the ball
room from the salon at the west side
of the house.
They were followed by the bride-, who
was escorted by her brother-in-law, Mr.
Herman Oelrichs. Miss Fair's wedding
gown was made in Paris. The founda
tion was of Ivory satin, cut with a long
train. This material was covered with
fine point d'esprit of the creamy tint,
corresponding to that of the satin. In
stead of point lace, old cream-colored
Irish lace, which is somewhat heavier
in texture, was used in appliqued de
signs all over the gown. Lengthwise
insertions trimmed the front of the
skirt, the train was bordered with a
deep edging and the upper part of the
corsage was entirely of the lace. The
sleeve reached barely to the elbow and
partly of lnce and point d'esprit. She
wore a veil of tulle.
Mrs. Oelrichs wore a gown of light
blue, as did Mrs. Belmont, the mother
of the groom. Mrs. M. H. de Young
wore a grain passeta gray silk with
tulle bonnet.
The groom's present to the bride was
a pearl necklace and a pearl and ruby
pendant, which are said to have cost
$70,000.
Miss Tolfree's bridesmaid gown was
a wonderfully elaborate and effective
combination of white chiffon and point
applique lace. The gown had a prin
cesse effect. The skirt was shirred to
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the knees. Below this the necessary
flaring effect was supplied by two very
full flounces of chiffon, edged with a
lattice like border of white satin rib
bons. A gauzy half-length overdress or
tunic was bordered with applique in
sertion. The bodice was even more
elaborate and had a yoke of applique.
Th^> sleeves, which reached only to the
elbow, were shirred like the upper part
of the skirt and edged with a flounce
of lace. The white satin belt was fast
ened by Miss Fair's gift to her brides
maid, an enormous diamond buckle.
Miss Tolfree carried a muff fashioned
of pink roses.
Father Murphy made a short address
to the young couple on the importance
of the new life they were entering, and
then followed the brief marriage cere
mony.
Just after the couple had been pro
nounced husband and wife the ever fa
miliar "Wedding March" of Mendels
sohn was played.
The first thing the bride did was to
greet her husband and th'-n she em
braced, in turn. Mrs. Oelrichs, Mrs.
Oliver H. P. Belmont, William K. Yan
derbilt. Mr. Oelrjchs and his little son.
Immediately afterward an informal
lion was held, all th^ witnesses
of the marriage ceremony stepping for
ward to offer their congratulations. As
soon as this bit of formality was over
the bridal couple led the way to the
dining room on the floor below the ball
room, where the wedding breakfast
was served by Sherry. In the rlining
room five tables were placed — that of
the bridal couple extending across one
end of the room.— and four others be
ing at right angles to it. The bridal
table was decorated with lilies and was
slightly raised. The bride and bride
groom and a dozen friends were seated
on one side only, so that they could
look at the assembled company. At
the bride's right was Miss Tolfree, and
next t" Mr. Vanderbilt, on his left, sat
his best man. The others at the table
were Mrs. Arthur Kemp, Mrs. Clarence
Mackay, Miss Ldla Sloarie, Alfred Van
derbilt. Reginald Vanderbilt, Roman
Baldwin. Clarence Mackay and Wil
liam Carter.
William K. Vanderhilt Sr. escorted
Mrs. Oelrichs to one of the long tables.
The ethers at this table were Mr. and
Mrs. William D. Sloane. Mr. and Mrs.
H. McK. Twombly, Senator chauncey
M. Depew. Mr. Tolfree and Mrs. El
liott F. Shepard.
Mr. Herman Oelrichs escorted Mrs.
0.. H. P. Belmont to another of the
tables, at which also were seated Miss
Armide Smith, Mrs. Charles S. Kellogg,
Mrs. Henry Clews, Mr. and Mrs. I.
Townsend Burden. Mr. O. H. P. Bel
mont. Mrs. Lloyd Bryce, Mr. George
Cavendish Bentinck, Mr. Arthur Kemp,
<v!nnel and Mrs. William Jay and Mrs.
MillV.
At the third table were seated Mrs.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs.
George B. de Forest. Mrs. Henry C.
Potter, Mrs. C. B. Alexander, Mr. and
Mrs. William A. Duer, Mr. and Mrs.
Foxhall Keene, Mrs. Oliver Harriman
Jr., Mrs. James P. Kernoqhan. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Fred Tarns and Mrs. Orme
Wilson.
At the fourth table were Mr. and Mrs.2
TROOPS AND
A WARSHIP
DISPATCHED
England Sends a Force to
Protect Aliens Against
Chinese.
KOWLOON OUTRAGES
British Surveyors 1 Sheds Burned
and the Lives of the Men
Threatened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONGKONG* April 4.— ln conse
quence of attack? by Chinese on Brit
ish survey parties of the Hongkong
Government on leased territory at
Kowloon yesterday, it having been
ted that Captain Superintendent
May and a small force of police were
being confined in a hut, one hundred
men of th^ W< lsh Regiment loft early
this morning: nn tho torpedo destroyer
Whiting for Mira Kay.
The Viceroy of Canton has sent three
hundred soldiers to Kowloon to pre
order.
;>tain Francis Henry May. how
ever, arrived here unmolested to-day.
The Government does nut apprehend
any trouble in tailing over the Kow-
Hinterland, although" placards
have b< • n posted inciting the people tv
stop the British from surveying there,
and the British officials have returned
to Hongkong, owing to the threatening
attitude of the Chinese.
. Captain May reports that a number of
surveyors' sheds have been burned, and
that the villagers were so aggressive
he wjTB forced into concealment .-it
night and had to return to Hongkong
in daylight.
Troops are being held in readiness for
an emergency.
Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
Whitney Warren. Miss Evelyn Burden.
Mrs. Harry McVickar, Mr. and Mrs.
Carolan, cousins r.f the bride; Mr. and
Mrs. C. A. Childs. Mrs. <;o..rge Crocker
and Mrs. M. H. deYoung.
It was really informal and Jolly dur
ing the breakfast, all joining in the
popular tunes that the orchestra play- ;
cd. There was a general demand for a
speech from Mr. Herman Oelrjcha, and j
h? finally was prevailed, upon to speak !
and made a few happy remarks. Mr.
Oelrichs said:
ive been father, mother, brother. Fls
ter. aunt, and uncle to this young bride,
and when I saw all those presents pouring
in I thought perhaps at least there would
ft for me; but no. she takes
them all away with her and leaves us
alone. Will you all drink to the health
and happiness of this young couple and
to those they are leaving behind?
n after these few remarks the
bride left the wedding feast to don h.-r
going-away gown, which was of black
Italian cloth, trimmed with revers of
cream-colored canvas. The hat. of yel
low straw, was trimmed with garden
ias and purple violets. It was shortly
after 2 o'clock when young Vanderbilt
and his bride entered their brougham.
They were fairly pelted with rice and
old shoes. The maid of honor. Miss
Tolfree, threw her white satin slipper
and it landed on the top of the brough
am. Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt were driv
en at once to East Thirty-fourth street
ferry, where a special ferry boat
awaited them. A special train took
tlvm from Long Island City directly
to the lodge of W. K. Vanderbilfs
country place, "Idle Hour," at Oak
dale, L. I. The bridal couple were un
accompanied, and had the parlor car
to themselves. The only other persons
aboard the train were the train crew.
two officials of the railroad and Mr.
Vanderbilt's valet. In the baggage car
was a phonograph, a lady's bicycle and
a golfing outfit.
The train stopped about half a mile
west of Oakdale station, and Mr. Van
derbilt and his bride alighted and took
seats in the carriage that was await
ing them and were whisked into the
grounds through one of the side drive
ways.
Idle Hour, where they will spend the
first part of thHr honeymoon, is a spa
cious Queen Anne cottage built of brick
and terra cotta. It is located on hiph
ground, overlooking Great River, and
is about three-quarters of a mile from
■Oakdale station.
Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbilt will, in all
probability, go to Europe for a few
■weeks, but the date of their sailing has
"THE HUB"
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
Kparnv exclusive
lOC liCdlllJf, HIGH-GRADE
Southeast Corner CLOTHIERS.
sutter. ULUiniLno.
a FIT=REFORM
NEW - CLOTHES
system. CLOTHES
MADE TO FIT
ALL SHAPES
S MADE TO FIT
ALL SHAPES
OF MEN.
SPRING AND SUMMER ; .
FASHIONS AND FABRICS
. HEADY
TO THY ON.
SUITS $10 TO $30.
OVERCOATS $10 TO $35.
TROUSERS $2.50 TO $10.
EXCLUSIVE MEN'S CLOTHIERS.
MONTANA REGIMENT AND
A CAVALRY TROOP DISPERSE
A BODY OF INSURGENTS
MANILA, April 4 — A reconnois
sance in force was made to-day
and was unopposed.
Mac Arthur's division is likely to
continue the advance begun to-day
to Calumpit. The place is more im
portant, strategically, than Malolos,
Calumpit River being navigable to
Manila Bay and besides affording a
needed water supply superior to that
at Malolos.
Copies of the proclamation issued
by the Philippine Commission are be
ing distributed.
The Montana regiment, with two
guns and a detachment of cavalry, all
under command of Lieutenant Colonel
Wallace, made a reconnoissance in
force to-day in the direction of Calum
pit. The country was thoroughly
scoured, with the result that a body of
the enemy, numbering upward of a
thousand, was found a few miles from
Calumpit. Our troops attacked the
Filipinos, who made a brief defense and
scattered. It was useless to pursue
them, so the Americans returned to
Malolos.
In the skirmish we lost one man killed
and four wounded.
In searching through a building in
Malolos, formerly occupied by the
treasury department of the insurgents,
but which is now the American head
quarters, three safes were found. In
one was 523,000, which had been aban
doned by the rebel government in its
precipitate flight from town on the ap
proach of the American army. The
contents of the other two safes are not
known, they not' having been opened
yet.
The belief is spreading among the
residents here that the effect of the
capture of Malolos, the former rebel
capital, followed by the proclamation
of the Philippine Commission, will be
to convince the natives that Aguinai
do's bubble has burst. Dr. Schurman,
president of the commission, said:
"The Filipinos have been asking un
ngly, 'What do you propose to do
for u.s." The proclamation answers the
question and it should satisfy them."
Colonel Charles Denby, a member of
the commission and former Minister to
China, remarked:
"It is the most important proclama
tion since the declaration of independ
ence. Spanish, Tagallo and English
versions have been printed and it is
proposed to circulate them about Malo
jos and at all the seaports. They will
lit- sent to the lake towns by gun
boats."
The committee of Spaniards under
the leadership of Senor Antonio Fusa,
president -of the Spanish Club, has had
little success with the expedition or
ganized to deliver money and stores
to the Spanish prisoners. The members
of the expedition were obliged to give
the goods to the Filipino officers at
Batangas. The boat had a letter from
Aguinaldo directing the Filipino offi
cials to aid the mission, but General
Trias,- commanding the Filipino forces
in the southern provinces, and his sub
ordinates declined to recognize Agui
naldo's authority-. The Spaniards re
fused to accept the invitations to land,
having been warned that they would be
held for ransom.
Major Rafael Morales, the former
Spanish Governor of the island of Min
doro, was brought on board the ship
for an interview. He was so weak that
he fainted and at parting he said:
"I shall never see you again."
The Filipinos thought the Red Cross
flas was the American flap:.
A committee, whose members are of
all the nationalities in Manila, headed
by John McLeod, an Englishman, has
been organized for the purpose of in
terviewing the Filipino leaders and pe
titioning for the release of the prison
ers in the name of humanity.
THE PROCLAMATION
TO THE FILIPINOS
Mr. McKinley's Peace Commission
Tells the Natives What It
Will Do.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The Journal's j
Manila correspondent cables the text
of the United States Philippine Com
missioners' proclamation, issued to
day:
The commission desires to assure the
people of the Philippine Islands of the
cordial good will and fraternal feelins
which is entertained for them by the
President of the United States and the
American peopie.
The present aim and object of the
United States, apart from the fulfillment i
of the soiemn obligations it has assumed i
toward the family of nations by its ao- j
ceptance of sovereignty over the Philip- j
pine Islands, is the well-being, prosperity j
and happiness of the Philippine people |
' not yet been determined on. "Belvoir"
house, which they have taken at New
i port, has been entirely refurnished to
suit their tastes. They will pass the
summer there.
The early part of next winter they
will pass in New York at the house of
W. K. Vanderbilt Sr., and later they
j will go abroad to spend some months in
! travel.
Among the bridal gifts were the fol
j lowing:
W. K. Vanderbilt, pearls and several
Handsome carts and traps.
Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont, the bride
groom's mother, jewels and silver.
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs, the bride's
sister, twenty-four gold dishes.
Herman Oelrichs, four gold dishes.
Mr. and Mrs. H. McK. Twombley, the
bridegroom's aunt and uncle, twenty
four gold dishes.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence H. Mackay,
j gold.Joilet set.
Mr.' and Mrs. William C. Whitney,
gold writing set.
Mrs. Astor, diamond and turquoise
brooch.
Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt
Jr., the bridegroom's cousins, cigar and
jewel boxes.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Payne Whitney,
the bridegroom's cousins, a punchbowl.
Mr. and Mrs. George de Forest, glass
and silver decanters.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young, gold
basket, eighteen inches long, heavy
loose handle, the whole basket perfor
ated and decorated with open work.
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Crocker, gold
tray.
Mrs. John W. Mackay, stomacher of
diamonds.
John W. Mackay, corsage diamond
ornaments.
The Duke and Duchess of Marl
borou'gh (the Duchess is the bride
groom's sister), four gold loving cups.
Mrs. Elliott F. Shepard, the bride
groom's aunt, a silver soup tureen.
Mr. and Mr*. William D. Sloane. (Mrs.
Sloane is the bridegroom's aunt), silver
tray. .^__^______
Floral and plain crepe, tissue paper,
flowers and lamp tshades, cheap, at San
born & V all's. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
14 + + +•♦ + 4444-4-4-4-44-4
+ : 4
♦ MANILA, April 5, 9:35 a. m.— +
4- The insurgents . are massing -♦•
4- strong forces nor.th of Calumpit, ♦
4- about five and a half miles - +
■♦■ northwest of Malolos, and, ac- +
4 cording to . the observations of -f
4 the reeonnoitering parties, they -f
4 have fine intrenchments there. +
4 It is expected that hard fight- -f
4 ing will be necessary to dislodge -f
4 them at that point and at San +
4- Fernando, where Aguinaldo is +
4 supposed to be. Large rivers 4
■♦■ strengthen both positions. +
,4-, -.•-;-• ♦
and their elevation ar.d advancement to
a position among the most civilized peo
ples of the world.
The President believes that this felicity
and perfection of the Philippine people is
to be brought about by the assurance of
peace and order; by the guarantee of civil
and religions liberty; by the establish
ment of justice, by the cultivation of let
ters, science and the liberal and practical
arts, by the enlargement or' Intercourse
with foreign nations; by expansion of in
dustrial pursuits: by trade and com
mence; by multiplication and improve
ment of the means of internal communi
cation; by internal development with the
aid of mechanical* inventions of the great
natural resources of the archipelago, and,
in a word, by the uninterrupted devotion
of the people to the pursuit of useful ob
jects and the realization of those nobits
ideas which constitute the higher civili
zation of mankind.
Unfortunately these pure aims and pur
poses of the American Government and
people have been misrepresented to some
of the inhabitants of certain islands, and
as a consequence the friendly American
force have, without provocation or cause,
been openly attacked. And why these hos
tilities? What do the best- Filipinos de
sire? Can it be more than the United
States is ready to give? They are patri
ots and want liberty.
In the meantime the attention of the
people of the Philippines is invitee! to cer
tain relative principles by which the
United States will be guided in its rela
tions with them. These are deemed to be
the points of cardinal importance:
1. The supremacy of the United States must
and will be enforced throughout every part of
the archipelago. Those Who resist can accom
plish nothing; except their own ruin.
2. The amplest liberty .of self-government
will be Kranted which is reconcilable with
just, stable, effective and economical adminis
tration and compatible with the sovereign
rights and obligations of the United Hiatts.
3. The civil rights of tht- Filipinos will be
guaranteed and protected, their religious freo
;red and all will have equal
standing before the law.
4. Honor, justice and friendship forbid the
exploitation of\the people of the islands. 'J i>>
purpose of the American Government is the
welfare and advancement of the Philiplne
people.
5. Guarantees an honest and effective civil
service, in which to the fullest Eente practi
cable natives shall be employed.
6. The collection and application of taxes
and other revenues will be put on a suun<!,
honest and economical basis. The public funds,
raised justly and collected honestly will be ap
plied only to defraying the proper •
the establishment and maintenance of the Phil
ippine Government and such general h-.;
menti as public interests demand. Liocal funds
■ • i for local purposes shall noi ■
ed to other ends. With such prudent and hon
est fiscal administration it is- believed the needs
of the Government will in a short time become
compatible with a considerable reduction la
taxation.
7. The e=tabi.=hment of a pure, speedy and
effective administration of Justice by which the
evils :i and exploitations will
le effectually eradicated.
8. Th( construction of roads, railroads and
other means of communication and transporta
tion and other public wi.rks of manifest ad
vantage to the people will be promoted.
9. Domestic and foreign trade and commerce
and other industrial pursuits and the genera]
pment of the country in the
.Jits will be the constant obje ;s oX
solicitude and the fostering care.
10. Effective provision will he made for th^
establishment of elementary schools, in which
the children of. the people will be educated. Ap
propriate facilities will aiso be provided Tor
higher education.
11. Reforms in "all departments of Rovern
rr.fnt, all branches of the public service and all
corporation* closely touching the 'Common life
of the people must be undertaken without de
lay and effected conformably with common
rijtht and jualioe In a way to Batlsfy the well
founded demand* and the highest sentiments
and aspirations of the Philippine pi
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The State
I Department was notified to-day by a
! cablegram from Mr. Schurman, presi
i dent of the Philippi/ie Commission, that
| the expected proclamation "would be is
sued to-day. He said the document
■ would be about 1500 words in length.
Dr. Schurman says that after a
month's personal observation and in
terviews with different classes of peo
j pie he finds that the insurrection had
| its origin and strength in the Tagallo
j provinces around Manila. The remain
| ing provinces of North and South Lu
l zon are peopled by different races and
the rest of the archipelago are not na
tural allies of the Tagallot, but un
friendly rivals. During the months
while the treaty of peace was being
negotiated at Paris the Tagallos sent
detachments of from fifty to two hun
dred men to all the other provinces to
seize governments as robbers hold up
trains. The .liberty of the populations
was constrained and supremacy was
enforced, as there were no American
forces present to expel the Tagallos.
He says the recent victories have had
a good effect everywhere. With a
TEN LIVES LOST
01 THE CHILKAT
Continued from First Page.
housing butlt on her, when she was
placed in the passenger trade, she
measured 215 tons gross and 137 net.
The Chilkat was originally put on the
Humboldt trade about five years ago,
running between San Francisco and
Eel River, but for the past two years
she has been exclusively engaged In
the trade with this port under, her late
captain, who succeeded Captain Dun
ham,
One report is that the Chilkat, which
was following the North Fork out, at
tempted to head her off and get started
down the coast first by taking a short
cut around the end of the south jetty,
instead of following out to sea before
turning "south.
This route at times Is practicable, but
when the bar is in the condition that it
was in to-day the short cut is extremely
dangerous and in this case it proved' a
faial undertaking for the little vessel.
Fortunate it was for those who were
saved that the people on the North
Fork were watching the Chilkat's peril
ous attempt, for immediately after the
Chilkat capsized Captain Basch of the
North Fork put his vessel about and
made for the wreck at full speed. In
the meantime boats were being cleared
away and manned so that when the
North Fork neared the wreck they cast
off. Upon receiving news of the dis
aster Agent Baird of the steamer dis
patched the tug Ranger and the ferry
boat Alta to the scene with physicians
and willing helpers. •
In the past ten years there have been
, numerous mishaps to vessels and sev
eral lives have been lost on Humboldt
bar, but this was the first wreck and
the first heavy loss of life there since
the schooner Fidelity turned over while
being towed in by the tug Printer on
November 16, 18S9. In this accident all
hands aboard the schooner were lost —
growth of a general feeling of security
the populations will doubtless declare
for the United States.
"The Philippine people," said Dr.
Schurman, "seem discouraged by the
valorous, swift and irresistible move
ments of the American troops, against
which their elaborate defensive works
were useless."
M'KINLEY DICTATED
THE PROCLAMATION
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The proc
lamation issued to the Filipinos by the
Philippine Commission was the only
important matter discussed at the Cab
inet meeting to-day.' The proclamation
was drafted by Chairman Schurman on
instructions from the President. When
the Philippine Commission was ap
pointed and before it left for Manila
a conference was held at the White
House between the members and Pres
ident McKinley. The commission was
then presented with written instruc
tions regarding the policy to be pur
sued in the administration of the isl
ands.
The official dispatch received by
Secretary Hay contained scarcely a
hundred words. The members of the
Cabinet, however, were presented with
a copy of the press dispatch and were
thereby enable to discuss the procla
mation in detail.
It is believed by the Cabinet officers
that the Filipinos are in a better state
of mind and are more ready to place
confidence in the American policy than
at any time since the insurrection be
gan. The natives are beginning to ap
preciate that Aguinaldo has been using'
them na a tool to further his personal
interests. This is shown, it is said, by
the number of deserters from his forces
and by the statements of his former
followers, who return to the American
lin^s and complain bitterly against the
treatment accorded them by him. The
insurgent leader's misrepresentations
as to the character of the American
people and the circulation of the idea
that any Filipino caught by them
would be immediately executed, and
his false reports of victories of Filipi
nos over the American forces, are now
beginning to be revealed.
It is the intention of the commission
to forward the proclamation to the
capitals of the various islands now un
der control of the American forces and
circulate it among the people, t is ex
pected the natives on the islands of
Negros and Cebu will immediately ac
cept the terms set forth in the procla
mation.
It can hardly be expected that there
will be any immediate results from the
proclamation. Secretary Hay stated,
but there is every indication that it
will ultimately bear fruit.
AMUSING MANIFESTO
FROM THE FILIPINOS
HONGKONG, April 4.— The Filipino
junta has issued another of the ex
traordinary statements which have
been features of the newspaper cam
paign directed from here by the agents
of Aguinaldo. In the present instance
the rebel agents claim to have obtained
their "information" from American
sources at Manila, They assert the ex
istence of "mysterious intrigues" be
tween the Vatican, Major General Wes
ley Merritt. President McKinley. Major
I S. Otis and Archbishop
Ireland, "leading to the latter's journey
to Rome." Continuing the Filipino
statement says:
The Paulist Fathers' actions prior to
the f n 1 1 of Manila were suspicious. Now,
in conjunction with Archbishop Nozal
edas, who Is intimate with General Otis,
they are endeavoring to procure the
former ascendance of the church in the
Philippines. Hence they are sustaining
Genera] Otis, who. as a Catholic, has re
fused to obey the Washington orders and
transfer the command of his force to
General Lawton, because he wishes to
r< main in power and assist the church
to recover its real estate. The Paulist
policy is more subtle than that of the
Jesuits, and unlf-ss they are promptly re
called they will work further mischief.
The Philippines are a valuable hunting
ground for the church, hence the Titanic
efforts to maintain its supremacy.
MAIL BOATS FROM SAN
FRANCISCO TO MANILA
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The Post
office Department is in correspondence
with several owners of steamships who
contemplate running a regular line of
boats from San Francisco to Manila. As
I soon as regular service is established
I a contract will be let and a schedule
' mail route established. At present
| transports have to be used for this
service. This occasions much delay in
the sending and receiving of mails.
eight men, including Captain Christo
pherson, his two mates, a cook and
four sailors. The vessel did not sink,
but, like the Chilkat, floated around on
the bar for some time, then went to
sea with the tide and finally came
ashore on the north peninsula back of
Fairhaven, where her bones lie buried
in the sand.
VIOLATED REDDING'S
FIRE ORDINANCES
REDDING, April 4.— A formal com
plaint was lodged in the Justice Court
here to-day against the directors of the
Armory Hall Building Association, the
charge being misdemeanor in having
failed to comply with the city ordinances.
The complaint was made out against E.
A. Reid, C. C. Bush Sr., Frank Lltsch,
John Doe, Richard Roe and Peter Snow.
Shortly after 5 o'clock this afternoon E.
A. .Reid, C. C. Bush Sr. and Frank Litsch
were placed under arrest. They appeared
before Judge Garden and were released
on their own recognizance. Next Monday
was fixed as the time for the setting o*f
the date of trial.
E. A. Reid and C. C. Bush Sr. are vice
president and cashier, respectively, of the
Bank of Shasta County. Frank" Lltsch is
a property owner and capitalist. All
are prominent citizens and well fixed
financially.
The trouble of which these arrests are
the outcome was precipitated by the ac
tion of the Board of City Trustees in at
tempting to enforce an ordinance pro
viding for stand pipes and hose in the
Armory Hall. The hall directors refused
to comply and the Trustees ordered ar
rests made if it were attempted to open
the hall to the public. As a last resort
the hall directors obtained an injunction
in the Superior Court and opened the hall
under cover of the court. City Attorney
Watson announces it as his intention to
prosecute the case vigorously, and i 3
backed by the entire Board of Trustees.
The trouble has excited widespread in
terest here, and the people have lined up
on one side or the other, as in a Presi
dential election.
LAUNCHING OF THE MEXICO.
New Steamship Glides Into the Water
at the Cramps Shipyard.
PHILADELPHIA, April 4.— The steam
er Mexico was successfully launched from
the Cramps shipyard to-day. The Mcx
ico was built for the New York and Cuba
Mail Steamship Company, and a sister
ship to the Havana, launched some time
ago. She is of 5000 tons burden, and wit
have a speed of eighteen' knots.
MAY HAVE BEEN
BLOODY MUTINY
The Bark Port Adelaide
Is Lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 4.— Singapore
papers received yesterday report the
loss of the British bark Port Adelaide,
1400 tons burden, and registered at
Glasgow. She left Cheribbn, a Java
port, on the 23d of December, with 3000
piculs of sugar, for the Philadelphia
Breakwater, to await orders. Owing to
the weather sfce took the eastern route
to pass by Alias Straits. On the 7th
of February, at 2 a. m., she struck a
coral bank to the northeast of these
straits near the Postillion islands, and
remained fast.
In twenty-four hours' time six feet
of water stood in the hold. Upon this
the master. Captain Mac Donald, de
cided to abandon the vessel. The boats
were fully provisioned and the crew
left the sinking ship in three boats. On
the second day after leaving the ship
one of the boats reached a small coral
island, bare and uninhabited, where
they rested for a day and night. From
there they coasted along Sumbawa and
Lombok, until they reached Ambenan,
on the latter island, on February 15.
Ten days later they were rescued just
in the nick of time, for their food was
giving out, by the steamer Jacob,
which took them to Sourabaya.
The crew of this boat consisted of but
six sailors. There were no officers. The
two other boats, one of which contained
the master, chief officer, steward and
four sailors, and the other the second
officer, carpenter, cook and four sail
ors, are said to have been lost.
The Sourabaya rourant, in an article
dealing with the disaster, after express
ing surprise that no officers were in
charge of the fescued boat when it put
off from the wreck, alleges to have a
confession from two- of the rescued
sailors that they mutinied, and, after
scuttling the ship, fled in the boat, leav
ing the others unseaworthy by boring
holes in them. Other Java papers d<>
not credit this story.
Not one of the rescued sailors crruld
tell what course was taken or give de
tailed particulars of the. disaster, their
statements being most contradictory.
ZIONIST MOVEMENT
GATHERING STRENGTH
Russia Will Not Interfere With Sale
of Shares in That
Country.
NETV YORK. April 4.— lt was said to
day thru the sale of Zionist bank stock
had so far proven encouraging to the pro
moters. The bank is being organized to
promote the welfare of the Jews all over
the world, with a view to making Pales
tine their common country under the suz
erainty of the Sultan and the protection
of thR- European powers. It is further
intended to alleviate the sufferings of the
Jews now corral ed in the "pale of Rus
sia," and to encourage migration to the
East, where agriculture and every legiti
mate occupation will be encouraged by
the promoters of the enterprise.
More than 15,000 shares at €1 per share
have been subscribed in the United States
and twice that number are eventually ex
pected to be subscribed from this coun
try. In Chicago alone 2000 shares were
taken.
The Russian Government is not inter
fering with the sale of shares in that
country.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ r •
*v *Cl~' 11/ if CD C ' /~* 1J * *
" .Jits Worth a Dag of Gold/
This applies <with great propriety to the
glorious Spring time that moves all verdure to life
and brings around the day 'when people can have
an opportunity to cleanse their blood and thus put
into operation all the health and vigor possible.
Everybody at this time naturally turns to
America Greatest Spring Medicine,
Hood's Sarsaparilla, to prepare the system for the
joys and pleasures of summer.
Remember, impure blood makes nervous
troubles. Hood's starts at the root, purifying the
life blood, thereby controlling the nerves. It acts
promptly for both sexes and all ages.
Rheumatism-"A few bottles of Nervousness— "l was weak, nervous Liver and Kidneys— "My mother was
f^&jToTr^r^A^J^%^t f nd 7 ery c staggered- in'attempt- very sick with con^esfion oA^liver IS
stopped dyspepsia, from which I suffered i" *° a , lk - Hoods Sarsaparilla and kidney trouble. Nothing helped her un.
intensely. I can eat anything now." wood s Fills made me well. I feel lifte an- til we got Hood's Sarsaparilla, which
WILLIAM A. BUCKLEY, 344 Summer other person." MRS. LIZZIE SHER- showed its effects with first dose She 13
street, East Boston, Mass. BERT, Conduit street ext., . Annapolis, well and hearty." MRS. ' D. A. STONE,
Running Sores— "We feared our little M< *- Wlnthrop, Me.
brother would be a cripple from a run- Eczema -"We had to tie the hands of „
ning sore on his foot. He grew worse un- our two-year-old son on account of ecze- Catarrh— "Many years' suffering from
der hospital treatment. Mother gave him ma on face and limbs. No medicine even, catarrh makes me appreciate Hood's Sar-
Hood's Sarsaparilla and now he is en- helped until we used Hood's Sarsa- aparilla, which cured me: also of indi-
tlrely cured." MISS MARY MASCARIE, narilla. which soon cured." MRS A VAN sestion and kidney trouble. It gave ma
Aurora, Ind. WYCK, 123 Montgomery street, Paterson t>V£ n A th ,£ n< L£ 00 1 appetite." MRS. O. J.
Three Troubles-"I had rheumatism, *•■ J - . ' PHILLIPS, Pontiac, Mich,
weakness of the heart and stomach, with Impure Blood— "Five years I suffered nv<snAneia "xtv k,,^,^ v j j
scrofula. Nothing helped me until I took with pimples on face and body Hood's BS®S^^sata&aE
Hood's Sarsaparflla; it relieved me in Sarsaparilla cured me permanently It Fhfr ut?u> h?v ™J f « rsapanlla cured him.
short time/ WR. P. WALLIS. Win- also cured my fathers carbSes!" AL- had ulcerous^ts It^Sl hnW 6 b d V
niequam. N. H. .' / BERT E. CHAST, Tustio City, Cal. EM^ e BBiBB? r por2ge" r pi bO - h - MR^
Hood's Pitts cure liver ills; the non-irritating and only ~calk~artic to take with
.Hood's Sarsaparilla, America's. Greatest Medicine, the Best ih»* Money can Buy.
SALISBURY AGREES
TO GERMAN PLAN
Peaceful Settlement of
Samoan Question.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Lord
Salisbury has accepted the plan
proposed by Germany for the
settlement of the Samoan trouble
by the appointment of a tripar
tite commission. The acceptance
is .on the broad principle only,
and the details of the arrange
ment are yet to be agreed upon.
As the United States has already
accepted the general proposition
there is no longer any doubt as
to the organization of the com
mission.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Dr. Wil
helm Solf, the newly appointed presi
dent of the municipal council of Sa
moa, had a busy day to-day conferring
with officials. Government and diplo
matic, and taking the preliminary steps
in the rapprochements of the three
governments concerning the islands.
Accompanied by Secretary Hay he was
received by the President, the latter
expressing the earnest hope that Dr.
Solf might be successful in his new
field of action. Later Dr. Solf called
at the British Embassy and a pleasant
t-xchange of views occurred. Assistant
Secretary of State Cridler also had a
meeting with Dr. Solf to go over some
of the technical details of the Samoan
question. These several conferences
were important mainly in showing the
harmony with which the officials of the
three governments are proceeding as
to Samoa.
During the day a representative of
the Associated Press saw Dr. Solf and
! talked with him on current Samoan af
fairs. He is a typical German, tall,
robust, florid, and speaks perfect Eng
lish, an accomplishment which will be
most helpful in dealing with the United
Slates and British representatives In
Samoa.
"I am glad to observe the most satis
factory feeling prevailing in Washing- j
ton," said Dr. Solf, "and I am confident
that the German and American author
ities would have little or no difficulty
in arriving at a -most harmonious un
derstanding on Samoa. As far as I am
concerned my duties are not of a po
litical character and my instructions,
received before leaving Berlin, are, in
effect, to use every endeavor to promote
! good feeling between the three powers
j and to avoid in every way possible
i cause for disagreement. Naturally, I
am desirous of realizing that high aim,
and of assisting in the quiet and orderly
i administration of Samoa."
San IHego's Election.
SAN DIEGO. April 4.— The biennial city
election was held to-day. There were two
tickets in the field— Republican and Fu
sion. Returns at midnight show that E.
M. Capps (Fusion) has been elected
Mayor, defeating D. C. Reed, the incum
bent, by 150 to 200 majority. R. V. Dodge
(Fusion) has been elected Treasurer by
about the same majority over H. W. Vin
cent (R.). The Republicans, however,
have elected a majority of the candidates
for Aldermen and Board of Delegates.
CREEDON PROVES
WEST'S SUPERIOR
Referee's Decision Not
Approved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 4.— The twenty
round bout between Dan Creedon of
Australia and Tommy West of this City,
which took place to-night in the arena
of the Lenox Athletic Club, was declared
a draw by the referee. West was lucky
in getting an even break, as Creedon was
certainly entitled to a favorable verdict.
Both men put up a very fast and game
contest, but Creedon's cleverness was so
pronounced that the majority of the on
lookers felt that the Australian was en
titled to a decision in his favor. The at
tendance was only fair. Creedon weighed
160 pounds and West 15S.
In the first round Creadon cut out the
work, landing hooks on the face and
neck, while West failed to land ef
fectively. In the second round West
sized up Creedon and landed hard several
times, Creedon, however, giving back as
good as h" got.
Round three was tame, but in ths
fourth both got blood. West's upper lip
being cut and Creedon' s nose respond
ing to a hard right. In getting away
from one of Creedon's rushes Wesl
his legs twisted and Creedon put him
on his back with a well-placed right on
the chest.
West cut loose in the next round and
forced the pace-, landing a right-hand
.^wine over the kidneys. Creedon sent In
a hard left on the face which made West
more cautious. In round six Creedon wad
cut over his left eye and bled freely.
Honors were even in round seven, but
in the next Creedon's repeated blows over
the eve forced West to hold and he was
cautioned by the referee. The next two
rounds were soft, but in the eleventh
West easily had the better of some hot
exchanges. In the succeeding round both
men did a lot of holding, and in the thir
teenth round several good exchanges were
made, but too light to do much damage.
Creedon forced matters in round four
teen, sending his left to the face. West
drove a stiff short arm right to the face.
Creedon hooked his left to West's face
and Tommy sent back a straight
left on the nose. A moment later Tommy
made Dan's head rock with a straight
left on the mouth. In the next round
West rushed, but Dan sent him back with
a left facer.
In ruund seventeen West • landed a
straight left on Creedon's face. Dan
swung his left on the head and' West re
taliated with a left swing on the ribs.
Dan forced Tommy to break ground. At
the close of the round Creedon hooked
his left to th^ jaw and West's knees bent
as if they had hinges on them. In round
eighteen Creedon swung his right flush on
the jaw, which made West blink, and
Creedon had the call when the gong
sounded.
In round nineteen West let his left fly
to the body and jabbed it again on the
face. Creedon hooked a hard left. on the
face, and repeated the blow with In
creased force. West in a clinch sent a
heavy left to the body and Creedon land
ed left on the face and right on the body.
In round twenty Creedon led left for the
face. West broke ground and slipped to
the floor. When West regained his feet,
Creedon went right to him. hooking his
left to the jaw. Creedon jabbed a left or\
the body and swung his right to the head.
West tried several rfght swings, but failed
to land, owing to Creedon's cleverness,
and when the gong ended the contest
both men were in good condition and
sparring.
Referee Charlie White declared the bout
a draw.
Stabbed During a Fight.
SANTA CRUZ. April 4.— William Ma
loney got in an altercation with an Ital
ian at Duffey & Langley's mill near
Boulder Creek. Maloney was stabbed, the
knife entering between the fifth and sixth
ribs. The Italian is in jail at Boulder
Creek awaiting examination.AN ARMY OF MEN
OH THE TRAIL OF
DESPERADO MOORE
If Taken Jllive the Cowardly Slayer of
K,ilpoy Will Be ".Hanged Firat and
Tried Jlftepward."
NEVADA CITY, April 4.— Desper-
Moore is still successful in
Ling pursuit. Thus far the
lit lias baffled every ef
i of the Bcorea of man
is who have been on his trail
.mine: to gel even the
of his hi.ling place. The
9 '. • ■. I) eluding Sheriff Get-
Undei Sheriff Pascoe, City Mar-
Tompkins, Deputy Sheriff Ash-
District Attorney Powers and
N'ihell of the National Guard,
iraged over their repeated
s. have not. given up hope. They
Moore is still within a few
C his crime and th< j y
theories advanced by th<
who believe that the man has made his
m. The Sheriff and his
that Moore Is still
; In by the rugged mountains
■ I c thickly wooded
which he was last traced, and
: tain the theory that
. . . his way to the
In this they .ire <u-ngthened
by the attitude of the citizens, who al
••. ould
n Impossible for a man of
culiaritii : Ivantages
ii flight to a place
ary safetj far from the scene
o f h:^ nditions of
the i Moore would
that he is par
: g Lppearance
leorj that
I the county. t<
c of the search
ing j . • been guarding
■ rail.
and his posse were
ik and alter search
ahout success returned
A large
: with military ritlt-s
Hotel this morning and
irch the country in
the • Banner .Mountain. It has
and the indications
an will remain in the
night, hoping to find the
larkness by the light
. money of
■it ad or alive, has
• to brave men
-k their life in
ami there are any
in the neighboring
ght hopeful of discovering
its.
■ n placed on the dis
■ ■ itlying dis
reports to town to the
: 'ii Moore. For
I tys subsequent to the
• : Kiln y every other
ming Into town reported hav
i a man answering his
■ Ince the reward of $1000
i for the body of Moore
I ■ Bh enough
.ill having seen the fugitive. That
is John Nettleship, a rancher
reek district below Grass
• eryb< >dy is asking
why lie did not mak>' an at
iperado. Net
saw Moore on the road
five miles below
Valley heading for the lower
:y. The authorities here do not
In the story. Three
Cs weni over that country
terday and they doubt
pt to i-"me out
In th r his pursuers. He
ture a woodsman and the
re to the belief
that I tay In the woods as long
i :- 1 .
■ will return to the
morrow morning, thor
perhaps a bit more
McKINLEY'S TRIP TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The President to-night decided upon the
of his Intended trip to the Pacific Coast the coming summer. He
hington about July 10 and go first to the northern penin
gan, where he will inspect the recent marvelous develop
ropper region. From there the party will go to Duluth
Northern Pacific to the mining region of Montana. Nearly
be spent in Yellowstone Park. The Puget Sound country
reached about August 12. After visits to Tacoma, Seattle and
a jump will be taken to San Francisco, thence to Los Angeles
•:" Interest in Southern California and home over the
by way of New Orleans and Atlanta.
will be about ten in the party, which will travel in special cars.
■ refused to giv the personnel of the party. !!*■ Insisted the
! be made solely for pleasure and would have no political sig
ever.
LIQUOR MAY BE SOLD
AT MILITARY POSTS
V, April 4 — The Secretary
ted the opinion of
•■i whether sec
■ • th<
ing tho efficiency
■ Inuance of
. drinks t>y tho
sections of
which are orpanizeii
.i !<ius army posts
igl ut i he i'!]it''<i
neral In his reply
in In question
tii . . .:. ■ ol iiw sale
'irit.ks through the can
:■ ■) and
■ !,;i i no '>!!i' ' r ■ r en-
■ detailed :'..r duty in
on to do the Belling.
FREIGHT TRAIN WRECKED.
AUBURN, April 4.— A freight train was
ditched at Bowman Station at 6 o'clock
this morning. In consequence no trains
Massed burn for twelve hours. No
li-yea were lost, hut much damage was
done t.j the engine and the track. This
n?iK«'s four accidents between here and
('ilf;;x in four weeks, one resulting In
the lulling of an engineer and lireman.
Cracker Trust in Difficulty.
- ANGELES, April 4.— Through a le
found in th^ option agree
. fi Company, to
rack
combine finds its ef-
I the situation suddenly
. . d. This !;rm has been seekinc an
. to avoid selling, ac the Syra
•Be to paying a big
price for the glace candy feature excla
(tontrolled by Bishop <t Company.
It Is said in commercial circles to-day that
unding the combine controls the
m California Cracker Company's
the combine and the firm holding
irger bonus will not reach an
•
San Jose's Dog Show.
SAX .1 (BE, April 4.— Aristocratic ca
uincs from all over the coast have been
hopeful in spirit. When the posse left
town, this morning it rode in a wagon,
at the back of which was strapped a
; chair taken from Moore's cabin. Deputy
! Ashburn sat in this, facing backward,
j thus commanding a view on all sides.
The posse spent the entire day beating
through the underbrush on Federal
Loan ridge.
Speculation as to the murderer's
, whereabouts and his means of possible
esi ape absorbs conversation from one
'■ end of the county tv the other. Nearly
everybody agrees that Moore will not
make an attempt to go south. If the
lone desperado is game enough to at
tempt to push further east into the
snow-capped peaks of the Sierra
Nevada tie may possibly cheat for the
time being the justice that awaits him.
lid lie take to the old^lmmigrant
: ridge between Bear Valley and
this place and follow it through Steep
Hollow, passing through a thinly set
tied district, he might succeed in get
ting to the county line and into the
• of Nevada. That seems to be
tlif only unguarded means of escape.
I This, however, would be a heart-break
ing and a perilous trip at this time of
the year, with the chances a thousand
to one against the man who attempted
\ it. The only sound theory that has
■ been advanced thus far seems to be
that of Under Sheriff Pascoe, who is
firm in the belief that the murderer is
sately tucked away in the mountains
by a friend.
"I have come to the conclusion that
Moore is being shielded by a friend, "
said Pascoe when he returned from the
hunt to-day. "Moore has a few friends
left in the mountains. He has resided
in this county twenty odd years and
knows the country like a book. I
strongly suspect that he is being housed
at night in some cabin in the v,
whence he could creep away at day
break and hide in the thick brush till
nightfall. Every cabin In the vicinity
has been thoroughly searched and its
owner closely questioned, but ail deny
all knowledge of the murderer's where
abouts. 1 still entertain strong hopes
that we will run across his trail to
morrow."
The excitement over Moore's success
ful efforts in baffling his pursuers in
creases daily. The citizens here await
with anxiety every day the return of
the searching parties and when they re
port one after the other lack of success
the gloom increases. There were more
man-hunters on Moore's trail to-day
than there have been at any time since
the murderer took to the woods, and
each succeeding day promises to bring
out others who have become enraged
at the ill-success of the lone bandit's
pursuers.
Moore is said to have a father living
in Oakland and some believe the mur
derer will attempt to go there for funds
should he be successful in making his
• - ape from the mountains. In antici
pation of this Sheriff Getchell has tele
graphed to the Chief of Police of Oak
land requesting him to be on the look
out for the murderer.
An additional reward of $300 was of
fered yesterday by Governor Gage. The
people here are criticizing the Governor
fur having offered such a small reward
In the name of the State, find making
it void unless Moore were arrested and
convicted. The person who is lucky
enough to capture the desperate man
will never earn the State reward, for
the citizens here have vowed to judge
Moore in their own way — hang him tirst
and try him afterward. It is doubtful
if Moore will be brought to this town
alive. He knows the fate that awaits
him here, and if cornered will make his
last stand there and then.
At a late hour to-night no word had
been received from the searching par
tits and for another night at least
Mi iore may fling defiance in the face of
the outraged citizens of Nevada
County.
coming into the city all day long to take
part in the third annual b*»n< !i show of
the Santa Clara Valley Poultry ami Ken
nel <'!:il>, which opens at Turn WrHn
Hall to-morrow morning and wi!l con
tinue the balance of the week. There are
nearly 000 entries, and they Include all
h from the small, homely pug to the
magnificent St. Bernard. It promises to
be the best dog show ever held in "the
State.
To Vote Upon a Charter.
\ ISAI-iA^ April 4.— At the coming city
election a new charter will be voted upon
and a lot of discussion is being indulg. d
In regarding the advisability of its adop
tion. At present Bentimeni Is abou( equal.
ly divided on th«- proposition. The ad
vocates of the new charter concede theii
purpose to be to make more public im
provements possible. At present the tax
rate !■ SLOB per tIOO and this is already
too high. It Is nor believed the ik<w char'
ter will be adopt* d
Trunks, valises, pocket-books and di-
Vorn&'vJvß.^ and bCSt Va ' UeS ' at Sa . n -
BROOKS CAUSES A
PRIEST'S REMOVAL
HAVANA, April 4._itfo n siprnor Santnnder, Bishop of Havana, at the #
suggestion of Governor General Brooke, has removed a priest in Cabe- *
zas parish province of Matanzas. This request is the first intervention 5
by the military administration in ecclesiastical affairs 0
Major General WUson, .Military Governor of "the Department of 2
Matanzas, wrote to headquarters that the priest in question was a X
drunken worthless, dirty old scoundrel"; that he had pastured his See
ccm etery and let the consecrated inclosure go to weeds, and *
that if the Bishop did not remove him he (General Wilson) would eject £
him on his own responsibility. ~
General Wilson was requested to make a report on the case in a dif- ♦
forent form, which he did. The latter was referred to Monslgnor San- &
tander with'a recommendation that he take "proper action," and this re- £
suited in ihe removal of the offending priest. 9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
HARRISON RE-ELECTED
MAYOR OF CHICAGO
CHICAGO, April 4.— Carter H. Har
rison was re-elected Mayor of Chicago
to-day by a total vote of 145,914, against
108,304 for Zina Carter, the Republican
candidate and 45.401 for John P. Alt
geld, the independent Democratic can
didate. Harrison's plurality is 39,610.
In the last Mayoralty election Harrison
was elected by a vote of 148,000, against
f>9,342 for Sears, the regular Republican
nominee, and 69,637 for Harlan, the in
dependent Republican.
The Democrats have elected their
candidates for the town offices in the
north and west towns, the Republicans
carrying the south towns, although the
final count may take this from them.
The returns at midnight, however, in
dicate that they have a safe majority.
The vote from the wards shows as far
as it has been counted that the Repub
licans have elected fourteen Aldermen
and the Democrats nine. The contest in
several of the wards is very close, and
the official count will probably be nec
essary to determine the result. The
City Council has been composed of
forty-five Democrats and twenty-three
Republicans, and the Democrats will
without doubt retain a working ma
jority.
The election was entirely upon local
issues, no element of national politics
entering into the campaign. The firm
stand taken by .Mayor Harrison against
the proposed tifiy-year extension of the
streetcar franchises was a strong ele
ment of his popularity and gained for
him many votes from the Republican
party, besides holding closely to him
many of the Democratic party who
might have cast ihelr votes for the in
dependent candidate. Another fact
th.it drew to him many Republican
votes was the existing opposition to
the Republican machine among the
rank and file of the Republican party.
Thousands of votes were cast for Har
rison that would have been received by
Carter, the Republican nominee, had
not the latter been backed by the ma
chine politicians. Several independent
and Republican papers supported Mr.
Harrison, among then) the Times-Her
aM and Post, which have been known
i as McKinley organs.
The election revealed some remark
! able changes in the Republican vote,
particularly in the strong Republican
wards, where the shifting to the Dem
ocratic candidate was very marked. In
the Third Ward, which has always
been a Republican stronghold, and in
which the Democrats were not able to
secure a candidate this year, so sure
LEGAL CONTEST
FOR A FORTUNE
Famous Murdock Case
Comes to a Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, April 4.— The celebrated
M unlock case came up for trial this
afternoon and the work of empaneling
the jury began. Only three talesmen
examined, but no jurors were
sworn. At least a week will be con
sumed in getting a jury. The courtroom
was crowded, many women being
present.
William Murdock. a wealthy rancher of
Glenn County, residing near Willows,
died about the Bth day of January, 1594.
He was unmarried, and left an estate val
ued at upward of $300,000. After the pro
bate of his estate was commenced a claim
was presented by Mary Helen Murdock,
wife of one of the large ranch owners in
that section, for $100,000 and a large
amount of Interest. The claim was based
on a promissory note for $100,000, dated
mber 5, IMT. payable twenty years
after date and bearing Interest at 1 pt-r
c .Hi a month, and purporting to have
signed by William Murdock. The
note was as follows:
1100,000. OLIMFO, Sept. 5, 1577.
Twenty years after date I promise to pay to
the order 'if Mary Helen Murdock the sum of
erne hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), with in
terest at th.^ rate of 1 per <-*^r.t ; ..-r month until
paid, principal and interest payable In T'nltcU
States gild coin. WILLIAM MI'RIKm k.
The attorneys representing the esi
were loud in their denunciation of the
note, and attempts were made to show by
affidavits published In the newspapers
that William Murdock never signed the
note nor had any occasion to sign a note
for that amount. The executors, strange
ly enough, while protesting that th
was not genuine, never acted on the
claim, alleging In the papers filed that
they did not do so because they did not
know whether it was genuine or not. They
have never up to this time Mthar rejected
or allowed the claim. It was currently
reported at that time that one of the
executors had remarked that the note
w;is pen ul no and "had Bill Murdock lived
.: v. • .-k longer it would have been settled."
When the executors failed to act on the
claim suit was begun by the claimant to
establish the validity of the note. It was
found that the action was prematurely
brought, so it was dismissed. Immediate
ly after the note became due the present
suit was commenced in accordance with
the probate law, which provided that
suits upon claims not due when presented
must be commenced within two months
after the claim becomes due. The note
fell due on September .". 1897.
Ip to this time no word had come from
the claimant regarding the history of the
note, she biding her time apparently until
she had her 'lay in court. Hut during the
course of the litigation the executors
took Mrs. Murdock's deposition and the
real consideration of the note was made
public for the first time.
It appeared from the deposition tha
Sam Murdock was the father of Gawi
Murdock, husband of the plaintiff. The\
had two small children. Sam was i
cousin of William Murdock. the deceased
Away back in 1801 Sam was engaged in
the sheep business with his son. Gawn
and they had thousands of sheep running
on Government land. From these she.
and their wool, which brought high price
in those days. Gawn and his fat he
cleared largo profits annually. Willian
Murdock also at that time was in th
sheep business, and besides was buyinj
and taking up Government land. Samuel
had absolute confidence in William's in
tegrity, often remarking that "Bill was
better than any bank." Year by year he
turned his surplus savings, together with
some thousands of dollars he received
from the estate nf his father, John Mur
dock. over to William Murdock for safe
keeping. This course was strongly op
CARTER H- HARRISON.
was the party of defeat, Harrison re
ceived a majority of 51. In the last
Mayoralty election this ward cast a
total of 3428 Republican votes, divided
between Sears, the regular Republican
nominee and Harlan, the independent
Republican candidate, against 2524 for
Harrison. To-day the Republican can
didate for Town Treasurer received in
this ward 3447 votes, against 2389 for
his Democratic competitor.
The Fourth Ward cast two years ago
3967 Republican votes, against 2922 for
Harrison. To-day it elected a Republi
can Alderman by a majority of 1800
and Harrison carried it by a plurality
over Carter of 611. In various other
wards in this city, a like result was
shown, there being a strong Republi
can slide toward Harrison, many of
the wards which gave him strong ma
jorities returning Republican candi
dates for Aldermen.
The election was one of the most
quiet that the city ha? over experi
enced. There were rumors of comlne:
trouble in the First and Eighteenth
Wards, where the Republicans claimed
they had secured positive evidence of
"colonizing" on the part of the Demo
crats, but th matter came to nothing
and there were no difficulties to speak
of. Several arrests were made, one
man, Robert Ferguson, having in his
possession before coming to the polls
a marked official vote. He informed
the police that he had received it from
Timothy O'Connor, a Republican poli
posed by his son Gawn. and was the cause
of frequent quarrels between father and
eon. Between Samuel and his daughter
in-law, the claimant, the best feeling al
ways prevailed, and Samuel was espe
cially fond of his two grandchildren.
This situation culminated in 1876 with a
dissolution of partnership between Gawn
and his father, Gawn paying the father a
large sum of money, which was turned
over to William. Shortly after this Wil
liam induced Samuel to leave his son's
house and to demand more money under
threats of a lawsuit, William claiming
that Gawn had not paid Samuel enough
in the settlement. To avoid trouble Gawn
paid his father $20,000 more. Samuel then
came back to the house, and on the day
the note was made William Murdock
came to the ranch and he and Samuel had
a settlement. A balance of the amount I
due Samuel from WilHam was struck and
the note in question was made, payable to i
his daughter-in-law, for the benefit of the
two grandsons. He had it made pay
able twenty years after date, so that it
would fall due about the time the boys be
came of age. Samuel did not want his
son Gawn to handle any of his money.
The note was carefully preserved and now
Is exciting most intense interest through
out the whole northern part of the State.
The executors claim thai several
months before his death William Murdock
heard of the note and instituted an in
quiry as to its holder. It Is claimed that
those around him avoided letting Mrs.
Murdock know of his serious illness, evi
dently being fearful that she would call
and see him. She was not even notified
of his funeral.
The defense urged against this note is
that it is a forgery.
The plaintiff is represented by Cannon
& Freeman, attorneys of this city, and
Charles L. Donohoe of Willows, and the
defense by F. C. Lusk of Chico, Richard
Bayne, E. S. Pillsbury and W. H. L.
Barnes of this city, and others.
FLOW OF NATURAL
GAS NEAR WHITTIER
LOS AXGET.ES, April 4.— Tn an en
deavor to develop water for irrigation on
the KiOO-aere ranch of Mathias Meyers at
the Santa Fe Railroad station near Whit
tier an unexpected How of natural gas
was encountered that, according to re
ports, exceeds in volume anything of like
character known in this part of the State.
J. M. Quigglo. who has the work in
charge, says that a depth of 375 feet
the drill struck a strata of rock. An un
derground explosion took place, throwing
water, sand and rock t" the surface. The
water was forced four fret above the
collar of the Standpipe, while rooks, some
weighing twenty pounds, shot high into
the air. Two more explosions followed,
hurling U P more sand than other matter.
When the water subsided a flow of air
i aroused speculation among those who had
been attracted by the unusual spectacle.
I Quiggle applied a torch to the vapor,
which instantly ignited. On Sunday the
flame was extinguished by Quiggle's. son,
I who fired the contents of a shotgun
! across the mouth of the standpipe.
Arrangements are being made to pipt»
the gas to neighboring houses and to the
Puente oil fields for fuel and domestic
purposes.
RUSSIANS SLEW MANY
CHINESE AT TALIEN WAN
VICTORIA, B. C, April 4.— According
to mail advices brought to-night by the
steamer Empress of Japan, ninety-four
Chinese were killed and 123 wounded by
the Russian soldiers in the recent riot at
Talien Wan. China. A Russian Interpre
ter was killed by the Chines".
The plague is still raging in Formosa.
According to the latest advices eleven
deaths had occurred in Tainin and one
in Taikoku. bringing the total number of
deaths since January 1 up to 232.
An attempt was made to assassinate
Hoshi Toru. formerly Japanese Minister
to the United States, recently.
The village of Nabone was destroyed
by tire on March 13, a hundred houses be
ing burned and seventy lives lost.
HONOLULU'S GARRISON.
NEW YORK. April 4.— A Newport
News. \'a.. special to the Tribune says:
Batteries 1 and X of the Sixth Regular
Artillery passed through the city this
morning over the Chesapeake and Ohio
on their way from Fort Monroe to San
Francisco, where they will board a trans
port on April 12 for Honolulu. These bat
teries will be permanently stationed there.
The officers of the other batteries of the
Sixth Artillery at Fort Monroe expect to
start on Saturday for San Francisco
from which city they will sail on April
17 for Manila,
URGING A REVOLT.
LONDON, April s.— The Constantinople
correspondent of the Times says that
Turkish pamphlets have been found scat
tered about the mosques of the city ex
hortlnp the faithful to overthrow the
regime of Abdul Hamid.
Robbed by Masked Men.
ELKO, New, April 4.— E. M. Guthridse,
proprietor of the Club Saloon, who was
held up in his place of business last nipht
and robbed of about $600 by three masked
men, this afternoon swore out a warrant
for the arrest of John Page, J. F. Cook
and Bart Holbrook, charging them with
the robbery, ihey are now in the county
jail and will have a hearing to-morrow.
tician, and the latter was arrested.
Mayor Harrison declared himself to
night as being greatly pleased with the
result of the election, saying:
"It shows that the people of Chicago
are pleased with the administration
and I am glad of that, for I honestly
endeavored to give them the best ad
ministration I could. The result shows
for itself."
Mr. Carter, the Republican candi
date, said:
"I do not take the Harrison victory
to be a rebuke to the Republican party.
Indeed I think that national issues
were not in the minds of the people
when they cast their ballots — simply
the idea was uppermost that Carter H.
Harrison was alone to thank for de
feating the attempt at long term fran
chises and that a re-election was due
to him as a reward for that act. Per
.-onally, I have no regrets over the re
sult."
The suburb of Austin was annexed to
the city of Chicago as a result of the
election. This will add 11,500 to the
population of Chicago.
John P. Altgeld said of the result of
the election to-night:
"One reason for the election of Mr.
Harrison was that the press supported
him almost without exception, and the
great Republican papers were on his
side. Why did the Republican papers
support Harrison? The reason is not
hard to find. They saw that Mr. Har
rison had already betrayed the Demo
cratic party, as he had it in his power
to do, and he will carry the betrayal a
great deal farther and thus make the
re-election of McKinley a certainty.
Thr> Republicans look on this fight as
the first battle of 1900 and feel that the
re-election of Mr. Harrison already
seals th« result of the next Presidential
campaign."
Hgjl^r^JiSsL % is well to be remembered: See that you
%V\^y^^^^^pil ' \ B et a guarantee with the suit or overcoat
! Y&W *$kr^' A y° u buy anc * see at c g uarantee means
SW '^P^ lll^ Your complete protection is our guar-
Money returned if
jliiiJk % %, Suit or overcoat
'^^^^ !§. kept in repair free
V.§ If -..% for one year,
Ilpip^ "^^^^^ there was anything else
wSliiP^ at we cou^ offer that would
I§§i||iJ|p convince you of the good
Ijliljjll. quality of our clothing we
Ijj|l|Ji||- \ would do it. But you do
Ifljip \ v X*K * not run the slightest risk
I l|li|p \ \ X with such Protection.
Let the searchlight of | || 1 V % \
Doys irom o to i c-,- BHHHHI^ __
Any one of the suits $3.50.
Sale Ends Saturday Night at 11 O'clock
5. N. WOOD & CO.,
TlB Market Street.
RUNNAWAY ENGINE
CAUSES A WRECK
ON THE SANTA FE
Passengers on the California Limited
.Have a JJairow Escape From
Death,,
POMONA, April 4.— The workers at
the North Pomona Orange Packing
House were startled at 2 o'clock this
afternoon at seeing the engine of the
westbound California limited from
Chicago break loose from the tender
and go dashing down the track, with
a broken side rod flying wildly about.
The tender jumped the rails, followed
by the baggage and dining cars, which
were badly demolished. The oranee
men rushed to the assistance of pas
sengers and train men. Fortunately
none were killed and but three injured.
Porters W. J. Lee and Joe Battles suf
fered broken ribs and News Agent C.
B. Miller a broken ankle.
The cause of the wreck was the
breaking of a casting which support
ed a side rod. When the latter be
came free it separated the tender from
the engine and tore a hole through the
boiler. The steam came pouring out
and Engineer Nevin and Fireman
Wells jumped back of the deck for
protection and stopped the runaway
engine at Lordsburg. At the time of
the disaster the train was running
about sixty miles an hour.
In conversation with The Call cor
respondent Conductor Ilickson said he
first felt a terrific grating jar. Then
his car was overturned and he was
thrown under a seat, but escaped with
a bruised shoulder.
Pullman Conductor Connell reported
only fifteen passengers on his list.
Four sleeping cars were half derailed
and badly wrenched. The observation
car remained on the track. A section
in one of the sl.epers was pierced by
a long rail, which tore throuch the
floor. As far as San Rernardino the
section was occupied by Capitalist
John E. Packard, who was returning
to Pomona from Chicago. Mr. Pack
ard if. now thanking himself that he
left the car at San Bernardino.
H. H. Vincent, the local Santa Fe
agent, wont immediately to the scene
of the wreck and was active in at
tending to the wants of the r>assen
gers. He telegraphed to Los Anereles
and made arrangements for all to be
taken thither by a local train. A
wrecking crew is now working at
North Pomona and the tracks will be
cleared for to-morrow's traffic. While
this will prove a costly wreck for the
Santa Fe, it is fortunate that it oc
curred upon a sandy roadbed. Had it
occurred on hard ground the cars
would have piled upon one another and
loss of life would have been inevitable.
34
DOCTORS AGREE
THAT THE BEEF
WAS EMBALMED
General Miles Has Already Made
Out a Strong Case Before
the Court of Inquiry.
WASHINGTON, April 4.-The
Army Court of Inquiry to-day
again heard Dr. Daly In re
' gard to the character of beef
furnished to the army during
the late war. He reiterated
his former statements, paid his respects
to the "War Commission and declared that
the refrigerator beef smelt like a cadaver
after It had been embalmed.
Dr. Nicodemus of Philadelphia, who paw
service In Porto Rico, corroborated this
testimony, comparing the smell of the
beef to the odor about a dissecting-room.
The day brought out a proposition from
General Miles to supply the court with the
names of a large number of witnesses
nd that he had in February offered the
official reports of 147 officers as testimony,
• but that the court had not indicated Its
acceptance of them.
Dr. William P. Daly was the first wit
ness to-day. He was medical member of
General Miles' staff in Porto Rico, and
had previously testified before the court
and was recalled to complete his testi
mony then begun. Dr. Daly's testimony
dealt especially with the beef supplied
to the army. He had, he said, made suf
ficient observations to warrant him in
submitting an official report, and after
that time he ha I made an analysis which
had confirmed his suspicions as , to the
meat. His first observations had been
made on a transport at Tampa before the
sailing of it" expedition to Santiago. Dr.
Daly again detailed :}•_- particulars of the
trip north on the transport Panama,
which was In his charge, last September.
Dr. Daly took occasion to pay his re
spects to the Alger War Commission, be
fore which he had appeared. He said the
commission 1 had given out the impression
that the deterioration of the beef on the
Panama was due to want of ice. This
was contrary to his testimony and the
truth could easily have been ascertained.
As a matter of fact, the Panama had an !
excellent refrigerator, and it carried ten
tons of Ice to one of beef. He also re
ferred to the criticism in the War Com- 1
mission of his use of the expression in '
his report that the smell about the beef
was like the odor of boric acid. He said:
It is as difficult to say what a smell 1? like
us It Is for an artist to paint a dying groan.
It the phrase •was offensive I might have
adopted the language of the soldiers, some of
whom said It "smelt like the devil," while
others compared it to the bouquet of a cess
pool.
Mr. Daly Bald he had since made ex
periments upon beef subjected to treat
ment by boric ncid, and found it gave
forth about as foul a smell as could be
Imagined.
Major Lee then read various reports
made by Dr. Daly concerning official in
spections of the beef at the camps at
Jacksonville, Lexington and Chickamauga
as follows:
Tho meat used generally looked well, but
there was a universal complaint of its smelling
badly. He had found tho fresh beef to be ap
parently preserved by the injection of some
chemical which destroyed its natural flavor
and which must of necessity have been inju
rious to the health of those oatine It. It was
to his mind impossible to preserve the meat
without the use of acid and apparently the
meat had been preserved "by the Injection of
chemicals to aid the work ot defective cold
storage."
In one ran* he had found the odor similar to
that of ■ dead human body and in another,,
rpeaklnjr of the odor, he said: "It was unnat
ural, mawkish, something like that of a hu
man cadaver after an undertaker had injected
Ills emlialminir preservative."
He was satisfied that the beef had been chem- j
ically prepared— that it had been embalmed, in I
fact.
After his reports nnd gone In. In order to j
satisfy his own mind; he made chemical analy- :
Bis of the residuum of the beef used in the '
camps.Un and had found evidences of the boric •
and salicylic acids.
Major Lee referred to the report of the
War Commission in which reference had
been made to the use of those drugs, the
Intimation Ing that a trace of them
would not be injurious.
Replying. Dr. Daly asserted that the
chemicals were detrimental to health and
they could only be used at the peril of
those taking them. He said-
No matter what authority says these chem
icals are safe, they are not safe. I would like
to Introduce a Joint report made by Dr. Clark, !
chief chemist, and Dr. Hildehrandt, chemist
of the Geological Purvey, on an analysis made
by them of the residuum from the beef used
on the Panama. In this report th( said they
bad examined the powder furnished by Dr. :
Paly. "Both the flame test and the turmeric
paper test gave distinct evidence of the pres
ence of boric acid." they said. "We also ob
tained good reactions with ferric chloride,
showing the presence of salicylic acid." •
In response to a general question Dr. !
Daly said he had come into much infor
mation confirmatory of what he had tes
tified to, hut which had come to him in a
confidential way. rendering It Improper for
him to give the names of those supplying:
the facts.
In truth, a ban had boon placed upon the
information. Hi thought thai some forty
or fifty persons had spoken to him in
eorroboration of what he had said. These
were the proprietors of slaughtering
houses and the manufacturers of chemi
cals. One manufacturer had told him
that he would have been compelled to go
out of business but for the patronage of
the beef men. He said after some Ques
tioning that he would ascertain whether
he could give the names of these people '
to the court.
In a cross-examination by Colonel Davis'
PARLIAMENT OF
WOMEN MEETS
One Thousand Guests
of Pasadena.
Bp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, April 4.— The Woman's
Parliament of Southern California is in
session in this city. The convention is
being held at the Universalist Church,
opening this morning at 10 o'clock with
a large attendance of delegates from
the many women's elub.s of Southern
California, besides many visitors,
bringing the total attendance e!<»se up
to 1000. The object of the parliament
is to bring the women of Southern Cali
fornia together to discuss matters of
especial interest to th< li Bex, as well as
subjects of general interest, and to see
wherein their field of usefulness could
be enlarged and improved.
The otlicers are: President, Mrs.
Retta V. Hadden, San Bernardino; sec
retary, Dr. Sarah E. Maloy, Riverside;
treasurer, Mrs. Margaret Kirk, San
Bernardino. The committees are:
Reception committee — Mesdaniea J. G.
Rosslter, Mortimer A
mnti, H. 1.. Story. l" H. Harris, i
Ptisloe, William Jones, S. K. Durant, A.
H. Conger, T. \\ . Phillips, \\". J. Rlchard
son, L. S. Wlschmeyer, George Wltherill,
Frank Jones and L. T. W- Conger.
Entertainment committee— Mesdames
M. Rosenhruim, Annie Martin, David
Heap. A. S. Pierce, W. s. Melick, Q. E.
■ n W. B Kyle W. I!. v.
George Hyatt, William Dunn, S. P. S
in^ and Mary L. Paln)at<
Ushera Mrs. m. j. UcCament, Mrs. Wa
cil Mecer, Misses Lulu Conger, Jo < '.
line. Jessie Babin. Ida Winters Marion
Jones Lucille Webster, Gertrude Crfg.
Credentials committet.'— Rose B. Hurd,
Ida P. May.
At this morning's session the presl
Pr. Paly paid he had heard nothing when
he had' made his first observation at
Tampa In response to Colonel Weston'a
:k to the effect that any chemical
had been used on the beef which the colo
nel had hung in the sun. He said he had
rved the specimen from the beef on
the Panama, locking It up in a bottle in a
portmanteau. He had given the specimen
no treatment except to remove the fat by
Ing through raw cotton.
Asked if he was still a? much convinced
as when ho made his report of the quality
of the beef, he said: "I am stronger in
my convictions than I ever was from the
unsolicited evidence that has come to me
■ c report was made"
Or. Edwin 1. Nicodemua of Philadelphia,
4i on in tho Porto Rienn campaign.
testified that both the canned roast and
refrigerator beef was very unsatisfactory.
The latter beef on the transport Missis
sippi was Buggestivo of the dissecting
room, the odor bi Ing characteristic of an
limed body. Sonic of the men after
eating it had manifested symptoms of
ptomaine poisoning. He Inferred that the
had undergone chemical treatment,
because the taste and smell were different
from the normal ta.ste and smell of meat.
SHAFTER GOES EAST
TO ASSIST EAGAN
Tn obedience to a most unexpected and
rather mysterious dispatch from the As
sistant Secretary of War, General Shafter
left last night for Washington to appear
a.s a witness before the court of Inquiry,
which is now investigating the charges
preferred by General Miles against the
b-ef furnished the army by Commissary
General Eagan. The dispatch was from
Schwan, assistant adjutant general, and
directed that General Shafter should re
port in person to the court immediately.
General Shafter lefc at 6 o'clock last
night, accompanied by his aid, Captain
B. H. Plummer of the Tenth United States
. Infantry. The two officers went by the
> way of Ogden and will reach Washington
en Sunday night. There are several facts
connected with the summoning of General
Shatter as a witness that tend to show
that. Alger is playing a last desperate
in his efforts to upset the evidence
; that Miles has brought before the court,
1 and that General Eagan was recently re
i called from this city to Washington is
thought by some to be the reason of Gen
ual Shatter being .summoned.
When General Eagan was here he had
an Interview with G< after. It is
known that General Shatter's evidence
will be in favor of Alger. Captain I'lum
mer, his aid, Btated yesterday to a repre
: ■ Call that General Shatter
found the beef furnished his com-
Uined and fresh, to be in
g i condition. He said:
"The fresh beef furnished General Shaf
.illy was good, for 1 myself at->
it. and also thai which was canned. On
■ casion some fresh beef was report
ag unfit to be served, and Gen
fter ordered a board of survey,
which condemned it. This particular beer
had been out in the rain. It was the only
that was furnished the Fifth Army
Corps that was not good, and it was
spoiled by careless:..-.-. We know that
tbe soldiers got tired of eating the c
bet f, bin there was nothing the matter
With it. Of course 1 cannot speak for the
ibat was sent to Porto Rico, but
sent to Sib. nej was good, only re
cently a sergeant came to department
headquarters to we General Shufter. He
had been a cook for erne of the brigade
headquarters in Cuba, and he said that
. he had been ordered not to us. the canned
but that he had done bo, and that
he had fixed it up and s rved it to tho
officers, and that they had eaten it with
out knowing the difference. This man
wanted General Shatter to have him ap
re the court of inquiry."
In speaking of General Shatter's sum
- to Washington Captain I'lummer
said:
"The dispatch is a great surprise to us.
General Shatter had no idea of being sum
moned as a witness. Only a short while
ago the court of inquiry met in Omaha.
Naturally the general thought that ii lie
was to be a witness he would bave been
summoned at that time, l know from
what General Shatter will testify con
cerning the beef that his testimony will
certainly he In favor of Alger and Gen
eral Eagan. The general will be absent
from the department about, two weeks."
The circumstances seem to indicate that
Alger has just found out that Shatter's
testimony may help his cause, and that
Algor only found this out through General
Eagan, This is the general opinion around
nd it is needless to say
that this opinion is expressed Bub rosa.
When the court was recently at Omaha
Genera] Shatter was not thought of, al
though he could have appeared at that
time with less detriment to the affairs of
Ctment. As is known, General
.n hnd a conference with General
Shatter when he was here, and when he
returned to Washington be was also in
••nee with Alger. On top of this
comes the summons (or 'General Shatter
to appear before the court of Inquiry, and
the f.trßnge fact In the case is that Alt^ r
ia in no apparent way connected with th>>
dispatch. General Shatter's testimony
will be Important, and it is thought by
some that Alger hopes to use it success
fully against that already placed before
the court by General Miles.
dent called for credentials, after which
a trio composed of Mrs. J. G. Rossiter,
Helen Carter and Miss Nellie
Btoutenburg rendered a selection.
Mrs. a. P. Morse of San Bernardino
read a paper entitled, "What Have
Fraternal Societies Done for Women?"
Mrs. Letitia Filkins Hean of Los A
lea followed with a paper on "Fraternal
Beneficiary Societies for Women." l'.oth
papers were then discussed. Those
leading the discussion were: Mines.
Leslie, Fain. Branson and Lang"worthy.
Mrs. Norton asfted the question,
"Why Secret Societies?" Mrs. Neidig
answered it in a very satisfactory man
ner. Mrs. Howe asked, "How Are We
to Overcome the Jealousies of Secret
Societies?" Tho answer was found to
be "in obeying the Golden Rule."
The secretary read the list of nam^s
of members, who were given the white
ribbon badges inscribed with "Woman's
Parliament." After a few announce
ments by the president and Mrs. Mary
E. Hartwell pertaining to excursions,
etc., the adjournment for luncheon was
taken. A large number were served
with un excellent luncheon in the base
ment of the church by the Woman's
League.
The afternoon programme included
the following:
St. Cecelia OffertrMv Xn. 2, organ, Miss
li.a Qoodwln; "Music, tta Mental and
Moral Influence." Mrs. v. E3. Brett, East
aVngeles; discussion, opefyed !>v Mrs.
Sarah B. Hickman. Loa Angeles; vocal
Mrs. J. (5. RoßSiter and George
rdflgar; "Glimpses of Art and Nature
for Busy Women." Mrs. Jennie Churchill,
Kahler, Fernando; discussion, opened by
Mrs. L. T. Winfate, Men tone; "Art as a
Factor in Character Growth, " Miss Edith
White, Pasadena: discussion, opened by
Mrs. Mary E. Stilson, Los Angeles.
From 4 to 6 p. m. there was a recep
tion to the members <>f the parliament
in the Shakespeare Clubhouse by the
Shakespeare Club, assisted by the re
ception committee. The programme for
this evening was:
Quartet, "Recessional" (De Koven)
Miss Helen Carter, Miss Nellie Stouten
burg, C. A. Smith, H. li. Klamroth; ad
dr< ss of welcome, Mrs. J. G. Rossiter; re
■ . Mrs. Hetta V. lladdeii; barytone
solo, "The Wanderer," Wilfred Klamroth- i
"The M..,iern Woman's Need of Philoso
phy," Mrs. M.«ry H. Barnum, Los An
•n, opened by Mrs. Angle :
Higgins, Kama Monica; "Tricks of i
Trade," Mrs. Kathryne S. Wilson, P. H.
1.. Los Angeles; quartet, selected. Miss i
Helen Carter, Mi*<= Nellie Stoutenburg C.
1 A. Smith, li. li. Klamrotb j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
WELL-KNOWN
SHIP CAPTAIN
DISAPPEARS
Last Seen on Oakland
Ferry Boat.
CAPTAIN ANKERS IS MISSING
HAS NOT BEEN HEARD FROM
SINCE LAST FRIDAY.
Sailors' Wages Advanced $5 a Month.
Terry Steamer Berkeley Does
More Damage at the
Union Depot.
Captain George Ankers of the three
masted schooner Oceania Vance Is miss
i ing, and his friends fear that he has lost
his life in the waters of the bay. The
vessel arrived here from Honolulu last
Thursday with a load of sugar, and an
chored In the stream. On Friday morning
j Captain Ankers was on his way to the
| tugboat office to get a boat to take the
Vance to Long wharf, Oakland. He
I chatted with Sergeant Mahoney of tho
, Harbor police for a while and then went
to the tug- office at the foot of Vallejo
street. The schooner was moved to Oak
land, but the captain did not go in his
vessel. He was not seen again during the
course of the day, but at night v\\s spoken
j to on the Oakland ferry-boat by two of
j the employes of J. R. Hanify & Co.,
i agents of the Oceania Vance. Captain
' Ankers had his dinner on the ferry-boat,
I and said he was going to his vessel. That
was the last time he is known to have
been seen. His wife and family in Mill
Valley are almost distracted over his dis
! appearance, and the agents of the vessel
I do not know what to make of It, but fear
the worst.
Captain Ankers was all right when seen
on the ferry steamer by the employes of
| Hanify & Co. He did not have much
| money on him, hut curried a small hand
Batchel, which Mr. Hanify thinks might
j have given robbers an idea that he had
j with him the money to pay the crew.
| Long wharf Is always crowded with rail
read cars iuiil is only hall planked. It is
in consequence a very dangerous place
to navigate, especially at night. The
general supposition is that the captain
made a misstep and fell through the
wharf, striking his head against a pile
as he wenl down. The Oceania Vance
came over from Oakland and docked at
the seawall yesterday. Captain Murchi-
I son of the barkentine Uncle John has
; taken command of her and will sail her
: to 1 [onolulu.
r ! '!ir missing man was one of the best
! known masters In San Francisco. He was
: brought up In the employ of; the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, and a year or
so ago was master of the San Juan in
the Panama trade. During his last .voy
age his steamer went ashore, but got off
without any damage. There is a rule in
th< Mail Company, however, that a cap
tain whose vessel meets with an accident
that might have been avoided loses his
position; so Captain Ankers had to seek
another place. He was a splendid navi
gator and a thorough seaman, and there-
Pore had no dlJfficuTty in securing a com
mand. He took the Oceania Vance from
here to Australia with a load of lumber,
i coal at Newcastle, N. S. YV. , for
Honolulu, and from the latter port
brought siiprar here. He had not received
his pay nor were his accounts with the ;
agents Bettled up, but everything has
been since overhauled and found to be
correct to a cent.
Coasting saliors are jubilant. Wng*>s
will be advanced $5 a month on the l.">th
ins... and that, too, in spite of an attempt
n a couple of weeks ago. Coast
ers Include the Hawaiian sugar fleet, the
Tahiti vessels and all traders to the
southern seas, so that over a thousand
Bailors will be benefited by ti.e advance.
During the winter months all the BUgar
with the exception of the Bpreckela
and Willlams-Dimond vessels paid $25 a
month, the exceptions named paying $30
until last month, when the rate was made ■
$25 all around. When the vessels that
made the cut come back they will have :
to pay the old rate. Commencing with '
! the 15th inst., all sailors on vessels load- j
Ing at bar harbors will get J: 1 .."), on vessels
loading in roadsteads $40 and on vessels ;
, for Hawaii and Tahiti $30 per month. !
These rates will apply to steam schooners, i
; This advance will put from $6000 to $7500
a month additional in circulation on the
water front, and all classes of people nre ;
pleased in consequence. The advance was
made at a meeting of the b-ipowners'
'■ Association held last Monday.
The steamer Leelanaw arrived from
Seattle with a load of coal yesterday. !
.\ ill discharge at Beale street wharf I
and will then be got ready for a trip to
Miinlla with a load of mules. On her ar- i
rival here from the East the Leelanaw
was built up and placed in the Klondike
trade. When the bottom fell out of that ,
boom she was laid up for a time and then
when ft chance offered her deck hamper
was removed and she was put in the coal
trade. She will now be fitted like the I
maugh and will go Into the trans- j
business as a mule carrier. The;
Leelanaw was formerly the British
steamer Earnwell, but she was wrecked
on the American coast and afterward
purchased and refitted by Americans, who
put her under the stars and stripes. She'
is a fine, roomy vessel and Well adapted I
t ir the purpose for which the Government I
has chartered hf»r.
The 11' • t i : river steamers that broke
i their shaft? one after another are nearly ■
all In commission again. The Dauntless
and Captain Weber are back on tho
Stockton run. the Caroline is again run-;
i ning to Uaden and San Quentin and the
Napa City will go back on the Napa
i River run the lir.st of next week. There
wiis no opposition on the San Joaqutn
while the Dauntless and Captain Weber
. were laid up. Captain l.eale ran the City
of Dawson in the Caroline's place and the |
<:iate Mai ton ran to Napa In place of the j
Napa City.
The feii y steamer Berkeley ran amuck
again on the 9:30 a. m. trip yesterday. On
a< count of the tide she had to enter the .
slip at full speed. She gathered so much I
way that b.ah screws going full speed |
i astern could not overcome it and she i
crashed Into the bulkhead. Two hours j
| later the same thing happened, and in j
. quence a great deal of damage was i
The new freight shed Just coin- i
! for AYells, Fargo & Co. was moved
inches by the concussion and all
the windows were broken. Braces were
snapped, fender piles broken short off and j
the flooring torn up. The steamer wj.s not •
damaged to any great extent and con
tinued running throughout the day.
R. B. Hooper, representing the Eastern
Insurance Company, and Captain C. Mi
ner Goodall, representing the Paciilc
! Coast Steamship Company, left for the j
wreck of the City of Topeka Monday
night.
Since the law was passed making It i
compulsory for masters and mates of yes- I
sels of GOO tons and over to have. a license
i nil the navigation schools have been busy. I
! The following graduates of the McNevin
I Bros.' school have been granted licenses
by the T'nited States Inspectors of Hulls
and Boilers:
"As masters and pilots of the bay of
Pan Francisco — J. Brannan, 3500 tons;
John P. F. Wohlmnn. 2000 tons; A. Peter
son lfiOO tons: K. W. Lindberg. 2000 tona*
J. A. Swanson. 2000 tons: H. H. Grunner,
1 2000 ton?; Gustave Peterson, 750 tons; !
Hugh Walker. 1500 tons: Otto Olson. 1500'
tons; Kdward Olson. ~oP tons; J. W. Hyva- I
rine, 7."." tons; J. Bowes, 1500 tons, and
Andrew Peterson, 750 tons.
"As chief mates— Martin E. Burgesnn
1000 tons; S. A. Kidston, 2750 tons; O. Pe
terson, 1500 tons; Robert Jones, 500 tons,
and George Nelson, 3000 tons.
"As second mates— lra D. Nordyke. Xi.
W. oison. A. S. Bhapley, H. Ravens, Carle
Lothigus and G. W. Morgan."
"Tom" Crowley. the popular hoatmnn i
at Vallejo street wharf, is having a launch i
built for the use of his patrons. This will
be good news for the British captains, i
nearly all of whom employ "Tommy."
The launch will b^> 37 feet long and 9 feet I
beam, and will be fitted vith a twenty- j
BULLETS SANG A
SONG OF FREEDOM
Under Heavy Fire Private Ardrew Miller
Flees the Presidio Guardhouse.
THE sharp bark of a rapidly handled Krag-Jorgensen rendered reveille
unnecessary at the Presidio yesterday morning and the whole camp
was wakened to find that one of Its most important prisoners had fled
the guardhouse to the thick brush on the side hill, having nothing but
the still hanging smoke from the sentry's rifle to indicate the course he
had taken.
The deserter was Private Andrew Miller, so called, of Troop M of the
Fourth Cavalry. Miller was placed under arrest two months ago on charges
of desertion and fraudulent enlistment. Shortly after he had enlisted with the
troop a woman about town called at the headquarters of Post Adjutant Har
ris and Informed him that Miller had previously deserted from Company D of
th'^ Fifteenth infantry, stationed at Fort Bayard, N. M. She said that
Miller had confessed this much to her since he had re-enlisted and stated
further that his right name was Brown and that it was under that name he
had deserted his New Mexican regiment.
Orders for Miller's arrest were at onco issued and he was confined in the
post guardhouse until yesterday morning, when he made a daring leap
through the door, and risking a chance of three ill-directed shots from the
riile of Sentry Calchrist, who was on guard at the time, lost himself in the
heavy undergrowth on the hill sides of the reservation.
The cavalry patrol was at once ordered out and all day long occupied it
self at beating up the brush for the deserter, but with no success. Miller
was as much lost to the reservation as though he had taken the other route
and attempted to ford the Golden Gate. Bunk mates of Miller's said he had
told them that he had a suit of civilian clothes and $100 in cash stowed away
under a copse back of the guardhouse and it is the opinion of the officers at
the post that he has got hold of his belongings and is by this time well out of
the city.
horsepower engine. Crowley says she will |
be the fastest boat on the bay.
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company and the Union Transpor
tation Company have come to an under
standing !n regard to Stockton rates. For
several years the two concerns have be<?n
running opposition and in consequftuce tho
100-mile ride to Stockton has only been 23
cents. Inside staterooms cost 23 cents ex- ;
tra and outside berths $1, while freight
rates were cut on some articles until it
did not pay to handle them. Commencing
with last night the fare by both lines or i
steamers was advanced to 50 cent«, whllo !
Inside berths cost ?."> cents and outside
ones $1. Freight rates were nearly doubled, j
and now the two concerns expect to mako
a little money. "There was nothing in |
it for either line," said General Manager j
Corcoran of the California Navigation!
and Improvement Company last night,
"BO we came to an understanding and ad
vanced rates to a. living figure. There la
r.o consolidation nor coming together, and
both lines will run independently as here
tofore.' 1
WILL BE MARRIED
IN NEW YORK
Engagement Announced of
Miss Ethel Dickson and
Cecil J. Holcomb.
Intelligence has been received here of
the engagement in New York of Miss
Ethel Dickson and Cecil J. Holcomb.
Miss Dickson is the daughter of Robert
Dickson, general manager of the Royal
Exchange Assurance Company, formerly
of this city but now stationed In New
York. Mr. Holcomb was for many years
connected with the firm of Payot, l'pham
& Co., occupying the responsible position
of foreign and country order correspond
ent. Mr. Holcomb is now in Chicago, act
ing us the cashier nf tho Royal Exchange
Assurance branch In that city.
The engagement of the young couple is
the concluding chapter of a pretty little
romance, the opening scenes of which
are laid here. Miss Dickson during her
stay In this city was one of the most
popular belles in her set and had numer
ous admirers. Holcomb, however, was
the favored one. and when Miss Dickson
left with her people to make her home in
New York tt was known to her dearest
friends that she had left her heart here.
Holcoml), shortly after her departure, fol
lowed her East. The announcement of
the engagement has been received by the
numerous friends of the happy young
couple in this city.
CYCLER LOOS MARRIED.
The Popular Racing Board Chairman
Now a Benedict.
W. L. Loos, of the Olympic Wheelmen
and chairman of the racing board of the
Associated Clubs, is receiving the con
gratulations of his friends. Loos was
quietly married at San Rafael on March
19 to Miss Kittie E. Childs of this city,
and has just made the news public. The
happy couple will reside at 525 Sutter
street.
The fourteenth anniversary reception
of the Bay City Wheelmen will take
place to-night at the maple room of the
Palace Hotel.
Otto Ziegler Jr. expects to go East
about next Monday, accompanied by his
trainer, Charles Ward, and "Baby""Gib
son, unless the latter gets on a match
race for the Olympic meet on the 16th.
They will go to Chester Park, Cincin
nati, to train. Under Ward's careful
handling Ziegler should repeat bis win
nings of the past this year. It was Ward
who managed Major Taylor when mo
latter brought the world's mile record
down to 1:31 last fall.
Barats Was Acquitted.
Baptiste Barats. who set (ire to the
house of R. F. Fletcher, on the" north Bide
of Clinton Park, between Jessie and Va
lencia streets, and who has been on trial
before Judge Cook and a jury for the
| past few days, was acquitted yesterday
: on the ground that he was Insane when
I he fired the building. The jury held that
the defendant's act was simply the result
I of temporary Insanity and In consequence
the court could not hold him for examina
| tion as to his present mental capacity and
I he was released.
MATE DOUGLASS GETS
A LIGHTER SENTENCE
HIS LICENSE SUSPENDED FOR
FOUR MONTHS.
Inspector Bermingham of the Opin
ion That He Was One Third
More to Blame Than
Captain Clairville.
Captain John Bermingham, Supervising
Inspector of Hulls and Boilers for the
Northern District of Calffornia, rendered
a decision yesterday in the case of the
appeal of James W. Douglass, chief offi
cer of the ferry steamer Oakland, from
the sentence imposed Upon him by the
local inspectors, Captains Bolles and
Bulger, which had suspended his license
for twelve months from March 3 of this
year, for his negligence in allowing
the ferry-boat to run down the gasoline
launch William D on the afternoon of
January 22. On that occasion the launch
was sunk and two of its occupants were
drowned.
< a;. tain Hermingham In rendering his
decision said that he agreed with the
local board that Douglass was neglect
ful and unskillful in the discharge of his
duties on that occasion, trut that he was
not more so that the pilot of the Wil
liam p. The decision expressed the opin
ion also that Captain Clairville of the
Oakland, on turning over the wheel to :
ass after leaving the ferry did not
in any way relieve himselt 01 the respon
sibility of the navigation of the Oakland.
II. ■ was the muster and pilot in charge
made her landings, and had full author
ity over tht- appellant, hut his neglect of
duty in no way justified the appellant In
neglecting his duty. Douglass was not
much more responsible for the collision
than was Captain Clairville. whose
license an master and pilot was suspend
ed by the locnl hoard for three months
for negligence and inattention to nis
duties on that occasion.
In the opinion of Captain Bermingham
the penalties Imposed on the two omc< ra
by the local board were disproportionate.
Thereto: the penalty Imposed upon '
Doucasa is modified to the suspension
ofyGs license as master and pilot for the
tx:m of four months from March 3.
HEART PARALYSIS.
Disease That Ended the Life of D. G.
Alexander Ascertained by an
Autopsy.
An autopsy was held yesterday by sev
eral physicians upon the body of D. G.
Alexander, who expired suddenly last
Monday afternoon at 220 California street.
Protoraor Plummer of the Cooper Medi
cal College represented the Connecticut
Mutual 1-lfe Insurance Company, Dr R
L. Rlgdon represented the Pacific Mu
tual, Dr. S. S. Stratton and Dr. Theodore i
Palmer were present on behalf of the
f;iniily of the deceased and Autopsy Sur
geon Zabala attended on behalf of the
Coroner.
Th<- reason assigned for the conclave of '•
doctors was that the deceased had taken !
out a policy of insurance for $3000 in the
Connecticut Company about four months
ago, and also held a policy for $1000 in the
Pacific Mutual.
The cause of death was found to hay*
been paralysis of the heart. The stomach
and its contents were reserved for chemi
cal analysis.
Warrants for Wife-Beaters.
Mrs. Evelyn A. Smith. 109 Silver street
secured a warrant from Judge Mogan
yesterday for the arrest of her divorced
husband, J. T. Smith, an engraver on th.>
charge of battery. He called at n cr
house Monday night and when slip ;
opened the door he slapped her face H •
has been annoying her for the past two
years, since she got her divorce. Mrs
Josiah S. Knowles, 36 Birch street also '
secured a warrant for the arrest of her
husband on the charge of battery On i
March 14 he beat her so severely that she '
had been conlined to her bed until yes
terday. *
Stationery, printing, engraving, visiting
cards and wedding invitations at Sanborn
& Tail's- •
ANCIENT ORDER
OF THE UNITED
WORKMEN MEETS
Representatives From
All Sections.
GRAND LODGE DEGREE GIVEN
AMENDMENTS OFFERED AND
REJECTED.
Those Who Commit Suicide Within
a Certain Period to Lose Fixed
Rights— The Competi
tion for a Prize.
The delegates to the Grand Lodge of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen of the
State of California, who represent nearly
20,900 of the citizens of this State, met
yesterday in Native Sons' Hall in twen
ty-second annual session. These repre
sentatives numbered nearly three hun
dred and they and the grand officers were
called to order by Grand Master Judgft
George H. Bahrs, after which the Grand
Lodge degree was conferred on one hun
dred and fifty past masters, who had be
come such since the previous session of
the grand body.
The greater portion of the forenoon ses
sion was taken up in the seating of the
members upon the reading of the report
of the committee on credentials, after
which the reports of the grand officers
were presented and submitted to the com
mittee on distribution.
The report of the grand master shows
that during the year 3405 applications for
membership were received, of which 2404
were initiated, and that with 379 deaths
and a number of suspensions the order
had a net gain of 373. Ten new lodges
were instituted and six lodges were con
solidated with other lodges. Eleven
lodges surrendered their charters. There
were but three appeals to the grand mas
ter in the year.
In;ring the year IR9B it appears from the
report of Grand Recorder Poland there
were presented 300 death claims at $2000
each and 14 at $1000 each, making an ag
gregate of $734,000 for the benefit of
widows and orphans.
J. Wells was appointed grand over
seer, vice J. H. Flint, who is in the Klon
dike country.
During the past two months a member
of the order, who will be a candidate for
one of the grand offices, distributed a
circular announcing his candidacy, and
that brought forth a resolution which was
adopted by a large vote denouncing such
practice. Several other resolutions were
presented and passed to the proper com
mittees.
In the matter of several lodges that
were delinquent as to per capita tax
I pledges for the payment of the same were
ac« epted and the representatives c
I while In two cases the tax was remitted
because of the membership having on Re
count of the drought been In financial
straits. Three lodges had representatives
| debarred because they had not been elect
ed according to law.
At the afternoon session the report of
; the committee on laws and amendments
took up a gn>at deal of time in the con
sideration of amendments. One. reducing
the tine from three to one month when
j a suspended member could be rein
without examination by the medical ex
aminer, was lost; one providing for the
payment by the lodges of the dues and
assessments of members who had passe '
the ape of 60 and had been in the order
ten years or more, if they were In indi
f< at circumstances, upon pledging their
certificate with the recorder of the lodge,
was lost; one to allow the grand master
workman three deputy grand master
workmen instead of one was indefinitely
postponed; one providing- that if a mem
ber commits suicide within two years af
ter joining, except In delirium caused by
ie, or while under treatment for in
. or after a judicial declaration of
Ity, his beneficiaries shall receive
only the amount he paid into the benefl
fur.d. was carried; one to make the
Siat.' Lodge constitution conform to the
Supreme constitution as to liquor dealers
was carried; and one to increase the fee
of the grand medical examiner from 25 to
50 cents for certificates was lost.
The consideration of the other amend
ments was postponed until this morning
:he Grand Lodge adjourned to the
corner of Post and Mason streets, where
the members were photographed in a
body
In the evening there were many of the
representatives present to witness the
contest for a prize of $100 offered to the
lodge team that made the greatest aggre
gate of points in the ritualistic work, se
crei work and floor work. The competing
teams were Mount Hamilton of San Jose,
Prosperity of San Francisco, Fresno of
Ksno and Capitol of Sacramento. Each
good work, but the prize went to the
ramento team, which won with L' 1 -?
its, boating Mount Hamilton by three
its; Prosperity made 272 and Fresno
le Past Masters' Association enter- i
talned a number of the representatives in
Shiels building by giving a number of
candidates the Mogullian degree and then
presenting a varied programme.
ON A FIRM FOOTING AGAIN.
The Bank of Paso Robles Licensed
to Do Business.
While the reoont closing of the hanks
in Sr\n I.vis Obispo County was a shock
to that community, still it did not take
the financiers of that section of the coun
ty lonjr to recover and get upon their feet
aKiiin. The timely and abundant fall of
rain had everything to do with the im.
provement of the money situation; still
those most interested came promptly to
DRUG
PURITY
Prescription Accuracy,
Lowest Prices. These
are our three watch-
words.
Pierre's Medical Discovery 7Oc
Pierces Prescription 7Oc
_ Hood's Rarsaparllla 70e
* Ayer*s Sarsaparilla 7Oc
Pure Cod Liver Oil 4Oc
Scott's Emulsion 70c
Williams' Pink Pills 35c
Pinkham's Blood Purifier 85c
Maltine Preparations Ssc
McGlll's Orange Blossom 75c
Swift's Specific S. S. S 7Oc
Cupidene 7Oc
Schenck's. Beecham's, Carter's, Wright's
or Ayer's Pills 15c
Fascination 35c
Lydia Pinkham's Compound 70e
Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c
Gude's Pepto Mungan OOc
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
<b,I)fRCWHi«y
NOFbßue C*
V yr949^&\ MARHfer^l
M +-—* NtXX 10. HALE BROS, — —
the front, and now all but one bank is
doing business on a firm basis again. The
Commercial Bank is in fine running order,
as shown by dispatches sent on Monday
to the State Bank Commissioners, and
now the Bank of Paso Robles. to which
permission was given to resume busi
ness, is once more upon its feet.
For the past week R. E. Jack, one of
the largest shareholders, has been in thl*
city and in Sacramento, and the object
of his visit was made public yesterday by
a letter from the Secretary of State t^
the Bank (Vimmissioners. in it the of
ficial at Sacramento stated that the bank
is now incorporated, having complied
with all of the requirements of the law,
including the deposit of $50,000. He pro
nounced the institution as being all right,
and upon his recommendation the Bank
Commissioners yesterday issued a license
to the bank to do business!.
A SOLDIER'S FALL.
Private Rutledge of the Hospital
Corps Accidentally Killed at
His Home.
J. Rutledge. a private in tho United 1
States Hospital Corps, stationed at tho
Presidio, was accidentally killed last Mon
day night by falling out of a window of
his wife's residence, 2422 Greenwich si
Rutledge had been sick for some time
past and had received permission to go
home for a few days. He got up some
time during the night and walked out of
the second-story window. He was uncon
scious w'm n picked up and was removed
to tho hospital at the Presidio, where he
died in about an hour after the accident.
The deceased was 54 years old and had
been twenty-four years" in tho service ot
the Government. Major Moultrle re
ported the case to Coroner Hill as a mat
ter of courtesy and assured him that
Rutledge'? death was due to an accident.
The Coroner said that he had no juris
diction in case of the death of a soldier,
and allowed the body to be disposed ot
by the military authorities. ______
Mrs. Samuels' Assailant.
John Plunkett. the insurance man,
charged with battery by Mrs. Rachel
Samuels, 1%5 Union street, surrendered
himself at the City Prison yesterday and
was booked on the charge. He was im
mediately released on his own recogni
zance by acting Police Judge Barry. Th«
case will be called in Judge Mngan'a
court this morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WAS COMPLETELY
1 BROKEN DOWN
The Remarkable Story
of a Prominent
Californian.
COULD NOT SLEEP— COULD NOT
EAT— WAS WASTED AWAY
TO A SKELETON.
Mr. Howard Cornell of Tipton; Cal.,
was a victim to Nervous Dyspepsia and
Insomnia, until he began taking the
; great Hudyan remedy. He feels grate-
ful for his complete restoration and
1 writes as follows:
I am pleaded to state that your good medi-
cine has effected a complete cure in my case.
. My worst trouble was sleeplessness. Hudyan
relieved this condition within a few days'
time, and I can now sleep eight hours every
night, and awake in the morning feeling re-
freshed. Hudyan cured my stomach trouble also
and I can now eat what I wish and do not :f-
-fer after. I was a physical wreck before tak-
ing Hudyan, but . have pained in weight and
strength, and am no longer nervous. I am a
1 new man In every respect.
HOWARD CORNELL.
No medicine on earth has accomplished
so much as has the great HUDYAN. It
will produce healthy sleep, it will re-
: store your strength and vitality. It will
clear your complexion, it will purify your
blood." It will insure perfect digestion, it
will correct constipation. What it has
: done for others it will do for you. HUD-
VAN is for men and women.
HUDYAN is the best remedy in this
world for weak and nervous people.
I. HUDYAN gives life and richness to th«
blood. It is an unfailing specific for head-
aches, palpitation of the heart, rheuma-
tism, neuralgia, all female complaints,
pale and sallow complexions. Dyspepsia,
liver complaint, kidney disease, are per-
: manently cured by HUDYAN.
HUDYAN is a safeguard to health. It
will ward off threatened disease by re-
storing the various functions of nature.
: If you want to be well and strong you
I will not be disappointed if you take HUD-
, VAN. You will not be experimenting if
! you take HUDYAN, for it has been tried
and tested and found to contain wonder-
ful curative properties. You need not suf-
i fer the anxiety of impending disease, for
HUDYAN will quickly overcome it.
HUDYAN is within the reach of all.
. It is sold by druggists or will be sent di-
\ rect upon receipt of price. 50c a package
', or six packages for $2 50. Call on or writa
: the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Dootors Free,
CALL OR WRITE.
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real an<J
j .Personal Property.
| Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on*
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
inventions or ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for investment on Mortgage of
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address,
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
000000000000000000
S *- E PALACE - -Po
ZGRAND ti^mLso
q SAN FRANCISCO. "
j*? Connected by a covered passageway. **
! O 1400 Room?— 9OO wi h Bath Attached. ®
O All Under One Management. Q
O HOTS TBS PRICES: . O
O European Plan. per day and upward Q
0 American Plan.sS.OO per day and upward lffc
Correspondence Solicited. . Of
| 0 JOHN C. EIRKFATRICE. X»nig«r. O
; 000000000000000000
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
? and Qleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
< " a 7* ;no other treatment required. 5
5 Sold by ail druggists. $
-,
RI?TTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
UIIU OH. JUO *rs. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables^
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera*
flyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries. p»p«-
-i 6 * l r "' Printers, painters, shoe factories.
I (tablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailor*, •to.
I • .. „ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers.' 609 Sacrament* S»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. Vi
! IfEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
| *»■ modeled and renovated. KING, WARD <&
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day
*° i° ** week: »8 to $3* wroth. Free baths; hot
ana cola water every room; fire grates In ever*
| room; elevator runs all night.CHADBOURNE IS
STILL WAITING
FOR THAT JOB
Harbor Commission
ers Meet.
HEROLD RETAINS HIS SEAT
EXPERIMENTAL PAVEMENT
PROVES A FAILURE.
Big Saving Effected in Repairs by
Rejecting the Bids First Of
fered and Calling for
New Proposals.
S. Ohadbourne wandered
c Water front yesterday aiter
beneath the weeping wil
ted in a concrete founda
i he was one of the. lords of the
; ' the vicissitudes
career, while the Board of
nml sioners met and did busi
:: the spacious rooms In the ferry
• that ■ i »hau" had helped to plan.
leeting was briel and entirely
■ us. All the < :omi wi i c
■ ■ • ilonel w aited in the
• itiK flagged :■ Herold'a
vaited in vain. President K.ll-
I wed to the majority, fig-ura-
Ively as llj speaking, and
Lttempt wa 'do" politics.
many changes
rway among the harbor employes,
i! of the equipment
but if such ac
:.- contemplated there was no mani-
The only
of employes made
it Main strtet,
:i motion of Ma
:•> the vacancy
-isnation of Charles
Pratt.
a ■ was received from
hemii al Company asking
to run i spur "f the heit rali
mpanj s works al th<
■• ■'.. The secretary wu?- in
tify the company that the
d no jurisdiction over
: the front, and the company
■ to ol tain permission from the
..: . ■ the spur lts< if.
Holmes reported that the
n East street south of
at was laid two years ago as
riment umler a guaranty
my laying it to keep It in
• years, w;us in t>ad condition, and
: : • • liable for any dam
t might r< suit therefrom. The
had been requested repi it
ment in repair, but have
i t h< re was no powt r I >
• to live up to its agreemei I
laid originally with
ard.
was . received from
. • >ower Company
.»: ex-President Colnon's
meeting that the
lefunct and not in a posi-
I for lighting the city front.
On t ! ■ lest of the com
pany I id on the con
the lighting, which will soon be
let, b : The company asserted
is fully prepared to carry out
terms of the i . .ml it will
• to bid at the proper
Sullivan & Doyle asked for the exclu
sive privilege of ding the hay wharf
at Berry street for two years.
Louis Glass, who has the privilege of
maintaining slat weighing machines in
the- ferry aepot. asked to be allowed to
place some of his machines in the upper
waiting room.
The Southern Pacific Company sent a
communication wanting to know what
the Commissioners intended to do about
closing up -the spaces between the
arches in front of the depot and making
a sort of waiting room in the enclosure.
The matter was. referred to the engineer.
The third set of bids for repairing
piers 9 and 11 were opened and the eon
:rict awarded to the P. F. Dundon Co.,
its' bid of $5100 being the lowest.
On MaFch 7, when the first bids were
opened. Dundon'a bid, which was then
also the lowest, was $7106 68. Engineer
Holmes protested against awarding the
contract on the ground that the bids
v>re exorbitant, and the board called
for new bids, dpspite the fact that Dun
don and Colnon were remarkably close
friends during the latter' entire term
an president of the board. The second
set of bids, opened March _- were some
what better, Dundon's figures ing cut
to $6660. Still Engineer holmes was not
satisfied, so another call for bids was
made with the result that Dundon got
his figures down to $.">IOO, a clear saving
of $2006 6S from his first bid.
INDEPENDENT RED MEN.
Session of the xiational Lodge to Be
Held in This City in August
Grand Chief Charles J. Kuaa of the
Unabhangiger Orden der Rothmanner
rlndependent Order of Red Men) in com
pany with the other grand officers of the
order has commenced the official visita
tions to the several lodges in the State.
April 3 he visited Pacific Lodge and Her
mann Lodge; April 4 he will visit Germania
and Matemora lodges; 5, Vorwarts Lodge;
6. Golden Gate Lodge; 7, California
Lodge; 10. Schiller Lodge; 11. San .Fran
cisco Lodge; 17. Sacramento Lodge; 24,
Santa Crux Lodge, and 25, San Jose
Lodge. The grand chief has invited all
past grand chiefs and past chiefs to *>
company him on these visits.
The Grand Lodge of California' will
m^et in Sacramento on the last Monday
in July, and on the loth of August the
National Grand Lodge will meet in San
Francisco, when delegates from all parts
of the United States will assemble here.
Th»- local lodges are greatly interested
In that event and will make preparations
t0 ■....' welcome the visitors and entertain
th'-m with thai hospitality for which our
German-American citizens are noted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A HUNDRED REASONS
fan be given why Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are thf best and most effectual
cry form of indigestion.
• In the tahlet form which re-
their good qualities Indefinitely,
liquid i>rf-parations become stale
is with age.
in convenient, ran be carried in
ket and taken when needed. They
ni to take.
a< b meal dissolve one or two
them in tho mouth, and. mingling with
ORStitUte a perfect diges-
itelj safe for the most sensi-
i h.
the frod before it has time
thus preventing the forma-
and keeping tho blood pure!
anfl !l olsonouß products of
• :-•• sted food.
1 iblel Is the on!y
• ]." lally for the cure !
'Üblea and nothing else.
One tnedy; the successful
• ■ day is tho specialist , the
medicine Is tho medicine pre-
: especiallj for one disease.
Dyspepsia Tablets make the
romplexion clear by keeping the blood
pure.
They increase ik-sh by digesting flesh
forming foods.
A whole package taken at one time
not hurl one, but would simply
waste of good material
• six thousand men and women in
the Btat< of Michigan alone have been
curori O f indigestion and dyspepsia by
the use of Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets.
Sold by all druggists at 50 cents a pack-
WILL FACE LIFE
SIDE BY SIDE
THE marriage of Theodore Josept
Roche to Miss Myrtle Roaalini
Hollis took place yesterday at th«
residence of the bride's mother
688 Ellis street. -Mrs. Roche i,
the daughter of a gentleman ;h>\\
deceased who for many years wai
engaged In a large commercial busl
"LAN MACLAREN" TO
LECTURE THIS EVENING
DISTINGUISHED AUTHOR WILL
DISCUSS HIS BOOKS.
Well Known Citizens and Leading
Societies Will Attend the Affair.
Reception This Afternoon.
An Immense audience will in all proba
bility greet "lan Maciaren." Rev. Dr.
John Watson. D. D.. this evening on his
initial appearance at the California The
ater before a local audience. The famous
author and lecturer will be welcomed by
the entire Presbytery, th<- St. Andrews
ty and Scottish Clans, which are
scheduled to attend.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford I'niversity will Introdui <■ r>r. Wat
son. The entertainment will COnsis4 ot
readings from the "Annals nf Drum
tochty," with notes from (sl> Margaret
Howe, (bi Jamie Soutar and (c) Dr. Mc-
Clure.
The honorary reception commit"
prominent citizens Is headed by Mayor
Phelan and among others are: General
W. R. Shafter. Hon. W. H. L. Barnes,
Hon. Irving M. Sett. Judge Jam*-.- M.
Peaweli. William H. Mills, Hugh <': ,i^.
James S. Webster, Horace <;. Platt,
Henry E. Highton. Rolla V. Watt, M. H.
de Young. Joseph D. Grant, 1. J. Tru
man, Lovell White, John J. Valentine,
David Starr Jordan. Walter E. I 'tan,
Frank L. Brown. Julius Kahn. A. S. Hal
lidle, James A. Horsburgh, A. A. Wat
kins. Martin Kellogg. James- M. Nab. Wil
liam Doxey, R. A. Crothers, Samuel Irv
ing, Andrew Lawrence, John McLaren,
Thomas E. Bacon, Andrew Wilke. Rev.
Dr. Herbert H. Bevier, Rev. Dr. James
Woodworth. Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle, Rev.
Dr. H. C. Minton, Rev. Dr. Ja> <>b V.mr
sanger. Rev. Dr. F. A. Doane, Rev. Dr.
John Hemphill and Rev. Dr. Robert Mac-
Kenzle.
To-morrow evening Dr. Jordan will
again Introduce the distinguished lecturer
and on Friday afternoon, the last !>-,ture
here. James S. Webster, 'president
Andrews' Society, will present Dr. Wat
son to his audience.
A great many ladies who are admirers
of "lan Maciaren,'' having expressed a
desire to attend the public reception ten
dered to th« author at the Palace Hotel
this afternoon, the committee has decided
to open the doors to them upon the oc
casion. The reception takes place at 2:30
in the Maple room.
A number of receptions ■ have been
planned for "lan Maciaren," but prior
engagements will deny him the pleasure
of accepting.
Want to Be Lawyers.
Thf regular examination of applicants
to practice in the Supreme Court will be
held by the Commissioners of that tri
bunal on April 24. A large class is ex
pected to be In attendance to take the ex
amination, from seventy to eighty stu
dents having announced their desire to
pass the ordeal.
Bargains in pictures, frames, onyx
lamps and tables at Sanborn & Vail's, 741
Market street. •
o fa^atsMtt^a^a ♦ a^^c^a^a^a^ a *<>^?s**-a-sio^a <$- a^a<^a<?>ata<s>a<s>
I T.HE RICHELIEU
I JO GO TO PARIS'
|: Charles .Newman /^ *^\
| Will Serve Jlmep- / Jo§g^^ V
I iean Dpink,§ at / f :-?« \
the Big Exposi- / !^.f%^H \
O yYT ORD came from Washington yes- • \ "&**' v Z'jss?^ jß^ I
% ill terday that Charles Newman, the jdfr\ --•''iiiwMJßsl^Lm. /
X. HI/ popular proprietor of the Rich- \ /%$ /
O II elieu at the corner of Marketand \ '/ X/yxgSjSSli^^aßSM^S^B^. l
• * ' Kearny streets, had been award- \ '^'I'/du I WtW&f*f?&&<f
D cd. the ole concession for the dispens- \(%/f W!Sf3s/ ■
X ing of. American liquors at the Paris \l / J^^S^^^W//
Q With a hundred and odd other prom- y/^W^y^^^^^^y •
♦ lnent liquor dealers from every section X^y/^S^2^^^<X '
X of the country Mr. Newman has been
X for a year past urging his claims to * -^^"^
X the concession before the Commission-
er ers at Washington. ■-' Francisco finally won him the coveted
■' The one qualification necessary was concession.
d a solid reputation for business integ- It is his intention to establish a
3> ritv and a guarantee that the introduc- splendid exhibit at the exposition, and
£. nty ana a bUAi *"/ , t th SP diip eighteen model bars as well, where the
X tlon of Johnny Crapaud to the seduc- most X ), ( . of American mixers will
A tive American cocktail should be only turn out to tfie untutored foreigner
% by means of the purest American 11- the best that Uncle Sam has ever bent
6 auors his elbow to. *
4> Mr" Newman found backers and . ,. Mr - Newman" is just now receiving
•v jit. .>^v>iiioii _ M __ _ . th _ «nnt< the congratulations of his friends and
a sponsors on both sides of the contl- spendlngr the ba i ance of his tlme read .
* nent. and the excellent reputation he \ ng the telegram that brought him the
X has builded for himself here in San good news yesterday. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APKIL 5, 1899.
ness In the Ernst. Mr. Roche, a grand
son of Dominico Tojettl, who died a
few years ago, in one of the must
promising young Kentlemen at the bar
of this State. Ili> graduated from the
ottic.. of Henry E. Highton; which he
entered at the u^h of 14, and his
thorough preparation for his profes
sion wks conspicuously noted al the
time of his admission by the Supreme
Court, By a special order he was per
mitted to be examined three mouths
before he reached his majority, He
has already t>»-ri > .-nt:;!t;»*<1 In Important
litigation and has become noted for his
■Industry, for his thoroughness and for
□ r.it-.- combination of modest) and
strength. He is very popular among
lawyers and Judges, and although
little urlven to recreation lias attained
i a social position of which any young
i man mignt justly be proud.
The marriage was strictly private,
only a few relatives being: present.
1 hut the young couple wore surrounded
by unique and artistic decorations and
received many valuable and beautiful
' presents from their families and from
• their friends.
BOXING BOUTS AT THE
SAN FRANCISCO CLUB
DEANE AND BAKER FOUGHT
EIGHT HARD ROUNDS.
William Granfield Stopped Wrestler
Walter Daly in a Hot Bout
That Ended in the Third
Round.
The Kan Francisco Athletic Club gave
a boxinc entertainment last evening
which continued until a late hour. The
ire of the programme was an eight
round contest between (leorge Baker of
Salt Lake, l"/t pounds, and Jack Deane,
the champion of the dub. The bout was
one nf the cleanest and best that the
members have seen for many monrhs.
Deane's style of fighting was for the
body, while Baker devoted his attention
to the face. The first round ended In fa
vor of Baker, who landed several hard
lefts on Deane's face. In the second
staggered Baker with a hot left
on the jaw. but the Salt Lake man re
turned tli" compliment by planting sev
eral lefts on Deane's nose. The boxers
then mixed things up and In this style
Deane had certainly the best of the
game. Deane had a shade the better of
this ro'ind.
The inird round was a stand-off. The
fourth ended in Deane's favor. The fifth
was evenly contested. The sixth was
Deane's because of the number of body
blows he landed on Baker. In the sev
enth and eighth Bak^r scored a strong
lead* and doubtless would have whipped
his opponent if the limit had been twelve
rounds instead of eight, as Deane was
showing signs of distress. The referee.
Jack Leahy, called the match a draw,
which decision was right.
Charley Vlckers defeated Ed Coyne In
a six-round bout.
Charley Thurstop go.t a decision over
William Condon, notwithstanding that
Condon clearly proved his superiority on
points and clean hitting.
"Kid" Johnson easily bested William
Meehan in a tivc-mund bout.
A. Granfield defeated "Kid" McDonald
in a four-round go.
William Granfleld fought three hard
rounds with Walter Daly, the wrestler,
who. it is said, was instrumental in whip
ping a pogr old drunk recently, but was
stopped by 'iranfield. who interfered In
behalf of the Inebriate. Daly challenged
Grnntleld. and they had it out last night.
Sufficient to say that (Jranlield made a
chopping-blo< k of Daly, and the contest
was Btopped in the third round when
Granfield had l>aly all but out.
An Evening in China.
AL.AMEDA. April 4.— The Toadies' Social
drcle of the First T'ongrpgatlonal Church
f*;:\o a unique entertainment last night,
entitled an "Evening in China.'! Ro%-.
Gee <l;im. a Chinese minister, was present
with Beveral Chinr-se children and adulta
from San Francisco, who sang- and re
citod. Mrs. E. I>. <"randall sang in cos
tume tho ser<"'na<le from "The Fjrst Born.'
'Mrs. A. B. Peek of Oakland, who lived
many years in China, gave an address on
the "Chinese Wall."
STOCK OF THE
GAS COMPANY
IS NOT LISTED
A Sharp Decline in
Prices Expected.
SMALL SHAREHOLDERS SAVED
RADICAL ACTION OF STOCK AND
BOND EXCHANGE.
Officials of the Lighting Company
Will Fight the Proposed Re
duction of Rates by the
Supervisors.
The shares of the San Francisco Gas
j and Electric Company were not listed at
the Stock sand Bond Exchange yesterday.
This action was taken, the officers of the
exchange affirm, to prevent a panic In
lighting stock and the injury of the small
shareholders, of whom there are several
thousand in this 'city.
It is one seldom resorted to. Thepricesof
shares were affected noticeably by the an
nouncement of the incorporation of the In
dependent Electric Light and Power Com
pany last Wednesday. The stock dropped
off several points, going down from 88 to
75. On top of this came the radical action
of the Supervisors reducing the price of
gas to private consumers from $1 75 per
', thousand feet to $1 10. The brokers knew
there could .be but one result when the
public became informed of the cut in
rates. The reduction in rates meant a
corresponding reduction in price of stock
! consequent upon the efforts to unload be
fore the bottom dropped out of the mar
ket.
The officials of the exchange decided to
drop the gas stock from me securities
listed until they learned what the com
pany Would do to protect the interests of
the shareholders. A committee was ap
pointed, consisting of Jacob Barth, J. R.
K. Nut tall and Henry St. Hoar, to visit
President Crockett and learn what stand
the gas company would take. Mr.
Crockett informed the committee that his
associates expected Mayor ■Phelan to veto
the order of the Supervisors on the
ground that the rate fixed would not al
low the company reasonable profit on the
capital Invested in its plant. Should the
Mayor sign the order the committee was
assured that the matter would.be taken
at once to the courts for adjustment.
The committee was further informed
1 that the officials of the gas company be
lieve the contracts made with the city
1 last July are valid. Judge Sea well' a re
cent decision to the contrary notwith
standing. The company expects to col
lect the full amount of the bills.
The committee reported on its Investl
-1 gation with the result that the stock was
listed during the afternoon session of the
, board. A number of sales were made,
the price fluctuating between $71 and $72.
The price on Monday before the Super
visors took action was $73 75.
The directors of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Light Company will meet this
1 : morning to discuss the conditions with
' : which they are confronted. This is the
i ' regular weekly meeting of the director
. ' ate and has not been specially called be
. cause of the recent happenings which
1 have affected its shares. President
■ Crockett took a philosophic view of the
i matter yesterday. *:.■•
"I have not canvassed the situation
! either with the officers of the company
j or with our attorneys," he said. "There
Is no necessity of haste, as we feel sure
matters will adjust themselves satisfac
torily in due time. The Supervisors have
fixed a rate at which we are to supply
: our gas. If this is not legal the courts
will see that justice is done us. We ex
pect reasonable compensation for our
j products and we will got it."
"I do not believe the 1 Supervisors con
! ' templated the action which they took fin
; : ally in fixing the rate at $1 10. They hay»
displayed a lack of knowledge of parlia.
mentary law and usage which has re.
1 suited in their voting without a clear con-
I ception of the matter under discussion.
1 The officers of the company have not out- i
lined their future plan of action. I do
not know whether the change made by
the Supervisors will complicate our ac
counts or not.
"Tile Supervisors undoubtedly have
Cower to correct any mistake they may
aye made, if they so desire, at any sun.
sequent meeting, so the action may be
undone at some future time. We have
been all through this before and are not
alarmed at the turn affairs have taken."
500000000000000000
» ' »
o Joel Chandler Harris »
o o
0 Begins a New Series of His Fa- #
0 mous -0
£ "BRER RABBIT" STORIES %
O. In. Next Sunday's Call. 8
0 O
000000000000000000
CAMEBA CLUB ELECTION.
J. W. Erwin Was Again Chosen Its
President Last Evening.
The annual .meeting ami election of offi
cers of the California Camera Club was
held last evening in the rooms of the
club at the Academy of Sciences building.
The annual reports of tho officers showed
a remarkable progression in the affairs !
of the club. During the year 150 m>v
members have been added to the rollcall,
and $4000 expended in equipping the art
department and gallery with every prac
tical appliance known to modern photog
raphy. The organization is now nol only
thr- most successful and largest in point
of membership, but the most thoroughly
equipped in the I'nited States. The re
port of the president, J. W. Rrwin, now
reorganizing the postal system in Cuba,
was read and adopted.
After minor business had been dis- i
pensed with the club proceeded with the
election of officers, with the following re
sult: J. W. Erwin, president; K. J. Dol
lard. first Vice president; W. R. Webster,
second vice president; H. B. Hosmer. sec
retary: Dr. E. J. Elsen, treasurer;
Charles A. Lee, corresponding secretary:
Dr. M. A. Greenlaw. librarian; H. R
Madison, J. J. B. Argenti, W. J. Street
and J. \V. Finntgan directors. The only
charges friado in- the old hoard were
Greenlaw vice Argenti as librarian, and
Argenti and Finnigan vice Webster and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y"
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
Hnnvadi J&nos
NATURAL APERIKJTT WATER,
the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,
Budapest*
Sully as directors. The re-election of
President Erwin was telegraphed him
last night.
Before the meeting adjourned it was
decided to amend the by-laws and return
to holding monthly meetings, which was
changed a year ago. This is for the pur
pose of bringing members closer in com
munication with each other and for im
proving the social condition of the club.
MIDNIGHT QUARREL.
Two Italian Fruit Dealers at the
Point of Death From Pistol and
Knife Wounds.
As a result of a trivial quarrel Amado de
Gracia and A. Arappa. two Italian fruit
dealers, are- lying at the Harl>or Receiv
ing Hospital suffering from knife and bul
let wounds and may not recover.
The two men met in Juba"s saloon at 420
Broadway last night and quarreled.
Arappa left to avoid trouble. He had
walked but a short distance when Dp
Gracia overtook him and struck him on
the head with a knife. Inflicting a nasty
wound, and as the assaulted man turned
around to discover his assailant he was
stabbed again over the right breast. In
an effort to escape further injury the
wounded man rushed Into the middle of
the street, and as De Gracia continued to
follow him Arappa pulled out his pistol
and nr>'.] throe times at him. Two of the
bullets took effect —one over the right eye
and the other in the abdomen. The sound
of the pistol shots attracted the police.
and both men were hurriedly sent to the
hospital.
Dr. Himmelshach found a three-inch in
cised scalp wound on Arappa's head and
a two-inch wound over the pectoral mus
cle. His wounds were dressed and he was
put to hed.
The physician extracted the bullet that
hard lodged over De Gracia's eye, but no
amount of probing could locate the one
that had entered the abdomen. He was
also placf»d in the ward close to the man
he tried to kill. A policeman was detailed
to watch both men, as It was feared they
might renew their quarrel.
Detectives McMilmn and Wrenn visited
the hospital shortly after the- men
reached there and took th<»lr ante-mor
tem statements. The stories told by each
did not vary to any great extent.
De Gracia stated that Arappa Insulted
him on Sunday evening, and when he met
him last night he tried to get the latter to
explain his conduct.
The weapon used by De Gracia was a
pocket-knife, with a three-Inch blade,
shaped like a bowie-knife. The pistol was
38-ca!iher.
De Gracia resides at Stockton and
Broadway. He is well known to the po
lice as a quarrelsome and dangerous man.
He is said to have stabbed persons In
Italy and sinc^ his arrival in this coun
try. Arappa lives at 327 Broadway. Both
men are shout 86 years of ae<>. Although
the wounds are dangerous the doctor has
hope for their recovery.
MOTHERS CHASTISE
A HUMAN BRUTE
CHABLES NELSON ATTACKED AS
HE LEAVES COURT.
Exciting Scene in the Corridor of the
City Hall Outside Judge JMc
gan's Courtroom.
There was an exciting scene outside
Judge Mngan's courtroom yesterday
morning, caused by the screams of women
and girls and the frantic efforts of a
prisoner in charge of Policeman Coughlin
to shield himself from the attacks of the
women.
Charles Nelson, alias Johnston, a piano
player, was heM by the Judge to answer
hefore the Superior Court in $5000 bonds
on the charge of attempting to criminally
assault five little girls in his room on Fol
;;om street, whose ages ranged from 6 to
12 yours.
The girls and their mothers were at the
door of the warrant clerk"s room as
< Viughlin passed along with Nelson on
his way to the City Prison. One of the
women grabbed hold of Nelson with one
hand and struck him in the face with
the other, yelling at the top of her voice
"You scoundrel— you scoundrel!" The
other women also rushed at him, and he
endeavored to shield himself by crouch
ing behind Coughlin. The little girls, see
ing their mothers so excited, began to
scr>--;im. and there was a rush to the
scene from all quarters of the hall.
<v,ughlin tried to shield the cowering
wretch as much as he could, but |he
women were not to be denied, and blow
after blow was rained upon Nelson's face
and body till some other policemen came
to Coughlln's assistance and Nelson was
hurried to the prison..
( me of the women was so excited that
she went into hysterics, and it took some
| time before she recovered. Nelson was
dragged away before the men who hur
ried to the scene comprehended what It
was all about, otherwise it might have
' fared worse with him.
REGAUGING SPIRITS.
Deputy Internal Revenue Commis-
sioner Williams Solves a
Knotty Problem.
Wholesale liquor dealers will be Inter
ested in the following letter from Deputy
United States Internal Revenue Commis
sioner Robert Williams Jr. to Collector
Lynch at this port:
•'ln reply to inquiries contained in your
letter of the 23d inst. you are advised
that the act of March 3, 189 S. applies to
< all packages of spirits produced and orig
: inally gauged for deposit prior to Janu
'. ary 1. 1899. If request for regauge ware
' house of any such spirits w,as not made
prior i'> the ' expiration of forty-eight
months from date of original gauge that
fact will not operate to the disadvantage
c! such spirits, provided proper request
is made before the expiration of the seven
year limit.
"In the ca.se of packages originally
gauged on or before March 1, 1892. a spe
cial exception is made in their favor by
whtch the request for regauge will be con
oid -r^d seasonable if made at any time
prior to May 1. 1899. regardless of the
length of time which has elapsed since
they were originally gauged. Spirits orig
inaiiy gauged on or after March 2. 1892,
are nut entitled to any special exemption
I under the terms of the law, and the re
quest in their case must be made within
eighty-four months from date of original
gauge."
Took Bad Money.
Stella Hassell, a colored woman, was
arrested last night and lodged in the har
bor police station on charges of passing
counterfeit coin and of battery, preferred
by L. H. Guest, conuductor on E^Missiofl
street Ccir. Guest claims the woman
boarded the car at Steuart street and
handed him a bogus dollar. Just before
the car came to a stop at the ferry he
discovtred that the coin was had and ac
cused her of having Riven it to him. She
nol "nly denied this, but struck him a
blow in the face. In evidence he shows a
dollar apparently made of glass and Iron
and a badly cut face. Stella denies this.
She says she hoarded the car at Third
street, that she passed out pood money
and did not strike Guest. She admits that
he attempted to prevent her from leaving
the car and that she pushed him against
the door.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
y •.-.■' • • . . *
fr Operatic du ■ : s — - ■ ■BT C||||A|||l||a '^^ ♦
'^ Qnenta at Con- I bP»** ' ar»<J l °gue ready. «•
♦ «r< Saturday ™ Ooldenßule Bazaar. /or c MJ «.
» Night. tsi it oKvijt s ixffenr .*uii>ksi cran-dht <ro«# owe*. Xi
! * >^&^^^?^^ I
% V I
I • The sale of The Feist Stock*
lof House Furnishings,' Crockery, 5
| Toys, Etc., at about SOg on the\
I dollar, is attracting large crowds*
* daily. As fast as one line is ex-J
J hausted, equally as good bargains?
* from the stock rooms replace jt.|
i Don't miss this unparalleled oppor-|
* tunity to replenish your kitchen. and!
i dining-room closets. • *
*. ° . . . j
♦ Special To- Day Only, . A Wednesday Special in <*
* Men's Excellent Uniaundered Bleached Sheeting. «
♦ ShirtS? *S*rCm Good quality Sheeting for double-sized J
5 100 dozen Uniaundered ' *&?, beds— width 81 inches— even round
•2 White Shirts— new, fresh (fWT\^\ thread made to wear well-and on sale «
J goods from the factory- -r-Oj }%, all this da onl y ' per yard 14 ° «
#> made with strong muslin v\k^f/ / (None sold to dealers). J
♦ bodies — extra heavy linen '> %'/ f 2.
J bosoms bands and cuffs ; / / To-T>ay Only— Another of ♦
• — finished sleeves, re-en- / ; r\ „ _.
♦ forced front and back- J ( / ■ °« Famous ■ *
♦ '' ' i Shoe s P eci al*- J
9k equal to any 75c laun- A — V 'H -J /S -=s^ ' The picture but poorly £
£ dered shirt— all sizes, in- L / !# \L. | illustrates this comfort- «
♦ eluding small' sizes for l\\\V\" 4 MJ \ to- 1\ able and good wearing ♦
♦ ' boys — sale all day Wed- I (•• \\ Walking Boot for ladies *
* nesday only, each 34c I %.\ —the material is bright *
J " . / ijr V Dongola kid — made in J
* Thursday, Friday and Saturday V W button style, new #
* _ '*• _ _ Tv-XX coin toes - kld *
I Grocery Specials. tips medium «
J Ask for the latest issue of our Grocery ; , nhB _ sh^^Z., oU re^ larly at $2 «
. Price List. Remembering that only I . , * tO o «
J known brands and acknowledged good P er P air ~ tp - da - v 9§ ' 28 «
£. qualities are sold in this department, *
♦ compare our regular prices with those For Wednesday Only — This ♦
♦ that you have been paying and see the j ##««*«••«# Qnja#»«sif 2
♦ savings that we can make for you in j nO&lGrjf Of/CfC?f <f f m J
* Groceries WaSR Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black 5,
> Fan ay Creamery Butter— M-ico Cotton Hose— re-enforced soles —^
> full-weight 2-lb squares tor balance of j high-spliced ankle — one of the best <f
f. week 40c i values we have ever offered at the price *
♦ .Postum Cereal — "makes red blood" — | — for to-day only, per pair tSO ♦
larfire 25c packages for 3 days 18c — — ♦
♦ Royal Ann Table Cherries— 6oo cans of Thursday. Friday and Saturday 2
T extras — regularly 20c a can — while sup- _ _ m _ J
J ply lasts 15C each, or 7 cans for $1 ! LIS/UOr SpCGialSm J
♦ Van Houten'B Cocoa-K-lb cana-recru- champion Bourbon Whis- »' ' «
* lary4Bccan-f0r..... .... >f2o k _, 1 ' vearg old _. ful , /^^ 2
♦ Pl ° Moro Pur Ohve 0,1 at the low- ; q J rt bott ] fes _ regularly $1 |^f\ Jest
♦ est prices ever made in San Francisco "\ . TQ#» / <* !^\' v < »
♦ Gallon, regularly $2, f0r...! $1.75 j ea^" Wfoe-ouV 7® S 2
» Half gallon, regularly $1.10, for.. 9OC pe r g X qSty-for bal- W S J
♦ _ • -77"";: " -. , : ance of the week 53c < '-'i ♦
* For Wednesday Only. Genuine A . V. H. Van i ,il ♦
♦ #O '^» Tar^tfinn J3#» Hoboken Gin— the large i vJ " ♦
» « 2 C TlCKing, &C. | black bottles, like picture- .' ° *
* Fancy Art Striped Ticking, for cushion ; for 3 days, each....s/,45 L i^J *J
5 tops, pillows, etc. — good heavy twill t 2
X width 34 inches— regular price 12"^c
» yard-special sale price to-day.i.......g0 Wednesday Specials in ♦
♦ A Special in <Accordem Pleated Stamped Linens. J
♦ f lAflft/i/ Sill* Cambric Tray Cloths— stamped in th-> ♦
ft, A.f*fCT-tjr *"»"• newest designs and hemstitched— size «
#> 2000 yards 20-inch Accordeon Pleated 16x27— special to-day only, each 5c ♦
♦ Liberty Silk— a good quality, in choice Duck Tray Cloths -stamped in latest *
♦ assortment of colorings, among which designs — fringed all around — nice J
* are Brown, Pink, Blue, Royal. Emerald, j heavy — size 18x27 — special to-day
? Cardinal, Lavender, etc. — extensively \ only, each 5© 2
J used for neckwear and millinery pur- | Duck Splashers— stamped — all new de- 2
£ poses— regularly 50c a yard — on sale all ; signs— fringed end3 — sizs — special f
V day Wednesday at 370 ' to-day only, each 5o ♦
OLYMPICS WIN THE
CHAMPIONSHIP CUP
DEFEAT Y. M. C. A. TEAM AT IN-
DOOR BASEBALL.
Final Game in the Tournament Is the
Feature of the "Ladies' Night"
Entertainment.
"Ladies' night" at the Olympic Club
drew a fair attendance last evening, and
the programme rendered for the delecta
tion of the fair sex was all that could be
desired in the way of indoor sport. Leader
Hammersmith, who had charge of the
entertainment, succeeded in providing an
attractive and well appreciated show,
even though he did for the nonce elimi
nate boxing contests from the list of at
•tractions.
The feature of the programme was the
Indoor baseball game between the Olym
pics and the Young Men's Christian As
sociation. It proved to be the last of the
series arranged between theee teams and
the Reliance Athletic Club team for the
championship of the Pacific Coast, as by
winning the Olympics clinched their
claim to the title and took possession of
the trophy, a handsome gold cup properly
inscribed.
The entertainment opened with a potato
race, in which there were seven contes
tants. Lester Hammersmith, with a han
dicap of four potatoes, won, with George
Klarniann, scratch, second. Oata Crable
was the first to fill his bucket, but was
disqualified because his shoes were not
mates, or for some equally good reason.
The other contestants were F. W. Bur
goss W. Bush, E. Connolly and George
Hinkle. .
Then came the indoor baseball game.
The teams lined up a.s follows:
Olympics. Positions. Y. M. C. A.
G. jams Catcher F. Foran
3 W. Norton Pitcher J. H. Harbour
H. Monahan First hasp E. C. McShane
C Perhain Soi-ond base F. Shaw
\V. H. Hanrahan.. Third base... l). J. Hanrahan
F Follanshee L#ft short C. J. Bernhard
c KrelinK RiKht short P. Scott
!> Follanshce I.pft n>ld .1. TiX)hy
W. M. McUilne.,.. Right field H. S. Morton
The umpires were: George Knell for the
Olympics and Mr. Fowler for the Y. M.
C. A. Scorers. W. Taylor for the Olym
pics and Dr. H. L. Dietz for the Y. M.
C. A.
The Y. M. C. A. were the first at bat,
but were quickly retired, and in their half
of the inning the Olympics scored three
runs. At the end of the second inning the
score stood S to 0 in favor of the Olympics
and they maintained a safe lead to the
close, notwithstanding the efforts of their
opponents to even up matters. The latter
were clearly outclassed. Some of the in
dividual players played an excellent game
but the team lacked the vim of the Olym
pics and, was decidedly weak in the field. |
The score was as follows:
Y. M. C. A 0 0 0 14 111 0— S
Olympic I r, n i n 4 2 .1 •— is
The Olympics won four games out of
six in the tournament, the Reliance two |
out of five and the Y. M. C. A. two out of i
five. Had the Y. M. C. A. won last night
they would have tied the Olympic, and as j
they had another game scheduled with the
Reliance, might have won the trophy. As
It Ib, however, there will be no neces
sity for playing the remaining game.
The entertainment concluded with as
exhibition game of water polo between
the Bullfrogs and the Pollywogs, which
was won by the former, and an exhibition
of fancy diving.
Manager Ston* will take the Olympic
indoor baseball team to Stockton Satur
day night to play a game with the Stock
ton Athletic Association team next Sun
day afternoon.
HORSEMEN FIGHTING
IT OUT IN COURT
FRED FOSTER CARRYING $50,000
IN BAILBONDS.
Plunger Howard Lodges Additional
Charges Against His Former
Partner.
Fred Foster, the horseman, is again in
trouble with his erstwhile racing partner,
A. Howard, tho spectacular plunger from
Australia and Honolulu.
He was arrested last evening at the Ho
tel Metropole in Oakland and was brought
to this city by Detective Thomas Gibson
on a warrant sworn to before Judge Con
lan in the afternoon. Howard appears as
the complaining witness, and the charge
is obtaining money by false pretenses and
fraudulent re-presentations. He was re
leased late last evening by Judge Carroll
Cook on a $10.<W> hond.
Foster's troubles have come out of the
purchase of Sam McKeever and Yellow
Tall, two horses thai starred for a time
at the Oakland track. Foster claims that
he and Howard bought the horses jointly
and owned them share and share alike
until Howard reduced his interest by bor
rowing $151)0 of him.
Howard claims that he advanced the
$15,000 the animals cost and that in the
purchase Foster acted simply as his
agent. It developed that -Foster had had
the bills of sale made out in his name and
quietly shipped the animals out of the
State.
He was arrested in Oakland on a charge
of felony embezzlement and released on
$40,000 to appear to-day at 2 o'clock.
Now Howard has tacked on the addi
tional charge and his hearing will be had
before Judge Conlan this morning.
SHE SUFFERED IN SILENCE.
A Doctor Refused to Assist a Penni-
less Woman.
ALAMEDA. April 4. — Miss Kate Singer
of 1313 Park avenue has suffered for three
days with the bones of her left wrist
splintered because she did not have suffi
cient means to pay for proper medical
treatment. She was moving Into her
present home last Saturday, when her
foot caught in a piece of carpet, causing
her to fall, sustaining the injury which
has caused her so much pain. A surgeon
was called at the time, hut when he
found she had no money with which to
pay for his services he told her to go to
the Receiving Hospital for treatment. The
woman was not informed in the matter
of public hospitals and so remained at
home, suffering- intensely from her Injury.
Neighbors learned to-day of her pitiable
condition and had her properly cared for
Miss Singer has lived in this city for
a number of years, working as a domes
tic, and intended to start a boarding
house at her Park avenue place. She
spent her last dollar for rent and fur
niture.
56
WEDNESDAY APRIL* 5, • 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. L£AKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1863.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
. . -
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS* 15 CENTS PER WEEK. ,
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months. 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 8 months 1.50
■ DAILY CALL— By Elngle Month..* * {5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year , 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ¥ 1 00
All postmasters are authorized tp receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
' DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE.. Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,' Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
C:3O o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:250
o'clock. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock-. '505 Polk street, open
until 9:}o o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ant
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera House— "The Black Hussar."
Alcazar— "The Charity Ball."
Tivoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Alhambra— "Married. Not Mated."
California— lan Maolaren.
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
end evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Grand Opera House— Saver Recitals. Wednesday afternoon,
April lit.
THE RAILROAD OPPORTUNITY.
IX an interview published in- The Call and in other
rs on Sunday last C. P. Huntingdon was re
ted as disclaiming any responsibility for the
m, l>y the indorsement of the candidacy of Dan
iel M. Burns for the Federal Seuatorship, of a pledge
given during the last Senatorial campaign in the name
of the railroad. His additional observations printed
on Monday substantially confirm the first report. It
would have been better for the State and more satis
: ■ to the Republican party if this qualified re
pudiation had come earlier.
It is a fact so well attested and so notorious as» to
have become settled and accepted that the reiterated
assurance that all interference in party conventions
and canvasses and in elections by or on behalf of the
railroad had ceased was made in its name. It is
equally it the first announcement of the can
didacy of Dan Barns proceeded from William F.
Herrin. During the entire deadlock, in the teeth of
md the press, Dan Burns was backed by
the railroad f : ;. Almost daily it was charged and
admitted that the raHroad was determined that its
nominee should succeed or that no Senator should be
elected. It is solely for these reasons, and because the
majority of the Republican legislators kept the faith,
represented their constituencies and guarded the in
teir party, that the seat long occupied by
Stephen M. White remains vacant.
It is apparent and has been boldly published and
received that these treacherous and corrupt
were the result of a conspiracy, which
has fortunately been checked, to disintegrate the local
Republic:;n organization and in 1900 to turn the State
over to the Democracy. That the Examiner was in
volved in the con-piracy was proved by its tortuous
is course. It has never dared openly
tforwardly to deny that it secretly favored
the election of Dan Burns, and. if it had done so, its
denial would have been refuted by its own columns.
In the public mind the responsibility for this in
ible attempt to govern or de-
Mr<!> the Republican party of California is now fas
tened upon the railroad, which, under the testimony
b> it stands today, has been convicted, by falsehoods
ich it was impossible to guard, of having
sacrificed the public welfare to its inordinate greed
and arrogance. Mr. Huntington's published inter
view.-, after months of tacit acquiescence in the situa
tion, is a practical acknowledgment that the action of
Mr. Herrin. who is himself a Democrat, was at least
by the railroad authorities, and, to some
extent, implicates them in deliberate treason to a party
to which they and their predecessors owe all the
•rt they have had and to which they
nominally are attached. Even though Mr. Hunting
ton's personal disclaimer had been fuller and more
complete, it would still have been ineffective unless
formulated and ratified by his associates and followed
by the definite and unquestionable withdrawal of the
railroad from its assumed censorship over parties,
from low political intrigues, ahd from a virtual dic
tatorship over the various departments of municipal
and State government.
I:' such a p — ibiliry exists, it would be of great ad
vantage at the threshold of the epoch of commercial
and financial prosperity now distinctly before us for
all controversies between the railroad and the public
to be settled in a manly and in an honorable way.
The Call has several times made this suggestion. It is
within the power of Mr. Huntington and his asso
ciates promptly to bring about this desirable result.
If there be any individual and concentrated responsi
bility for the conditions lately existing it should be
clearly and openly placed where it belongs, and meas
ures taken not only to prevent a repetition of the dam
aging incidents of the past few months, but to c,on
vince the people that their repetition is impossible,
and that the railroad actually means to attend to its
own business, to rely upon the law administered in the
usual way for the protection of its rights and its in
terests, and to work in harmony with the public for
the common good. This revised attitude, if genuine,
would gratify solid and reputable citizens, who are
without prejudice and whose ears are closed to the
outcries of demagogues and cranks, and nothing less
would meet the demand of the Republican party.
The Call, as it has fully proved, has no desire to
perpetuate hostilities of any kind, but, without dog
matism and yet with firmness, insists that, neither in
the municipal contest shortly to be initiated nor in
the national campaign of next year, shall it be possible
with even superficial plausibility to connect the Re
publican party with the railroad, which, in the Sena
torial contest, it resisted and vanquished. Mr. Hun
tington hr.s frequently boasted of his Republicanism
since the formation of the party in 1856, and of his
contributions to its success in years when there was
no pending accusation of railroad corruption. He has
now an opportunity to show the strength of his fealty
to its principles by hardening mere pretensions into
recognized facts, f
SPECULATION IN TRUSTS.
1 ; VERY period of natural prosperity is accom
panied by a speculation fever. Speculation pre-
* — * cedes all panics. Prosperity, following exten
sion of trade, increase of consumption, enlargement of
wages, puts profit and ready money into the hands of
great numbers of people unaccustomed to a great sur
plus of cash. A large percentage of them desire to
use their quickly and newly acquired means so as to :
get a large speculative increase in it, and make them i
fes rich as anybody. These people are the reckless
buyers of trust stocks. Their avarice is inflamed
by what they read of the profits of such property.
They think every trust is like every other trust, and
each is like the pioneer, the Standard Oil Company,
and that everybody can become a Rockefeller.
We have had these speculative crazes in California,
running to mining stocks. When the Comstock deal
was on it is known that men had books of stock cer
tificates printed on mines that existed only in the |
name and vignette, and these when put on the mar- j
ket were bought as eagerly as trust stock is taken
now. The process was like fishing on the New
foundland banks, where some clams are thrown into
the water and the hooks arc put down with bits of
white cotton cloth tied to them, to be eagerly taken |
by the fish in their scramble for the real bait. It is i
but little satisfaction to be able to say that a vast ma- |
jority of these formidable trusts whose stock is now
being gobbled will prove worthless, and that the dan
ger in their existence, now seen by social phil
osophers, is a myth, for their failure will take from j
their stockholders the investment of their profits !
gained in legitimate trade, and a panic will follow
overspeculation in this stock as it- has always followed
overspeculation in anything.
If trusts did not offer such ready facility for specu- j
lation if would seek some other means of gratifying j
the desire of men to become suddenly rich, and as j
the bursting of the trust bubble will disillusion the i
people and take its terrors away from the trust spec-, j
ttr, perhaps it is well that speculation has selected that j
field.
One thing is sure, that if no one bought trust stock
none would be in existence, and it is also true that if
the prosperity of the country did not distribute the
money into fresh hands there would be none to use
in that way. It should be remembered that the or
ganization of trusts was not a feature of the years im
mediately ensuing upon* the panic of 1893. Money ;
went out of circulation when confidence disappeared,
and of the comparatively few trusts theretofore in ex
istence as large a percentage as of other business or
ganizations went into bankruptcy. Cordage, match
and biscuit trusts, and many others, were victims of
panic, proving that this form of corporation bears no
charmed life and is subject to the same vicissitudes as j
the ordinary partnership or other form of business.
It is well, then, for prudent men to look upon the I
present activity in forming trutts as the reflection of j
the speculative tendency that always goes hand in
hand with good times, and to do what may be to make j
it less rampant, for as its excesses rise the time of i
panic and trouble is brought nearer.
Speculation seems inseparable from business.
Whether it seek for the object of its expected gain
George Law's Mississippi scheme, William Paterson's i
Scotch Darien Company, the Morismulticaulus, Dutch
bulbs, Hooley's companies, Barney Barnato's kaffirs,
railway stocks or trust certificates, it is all the same.
It is the steam pressing in the boiler of business and
sure to burst it soon or late, unless the safety valve is
kept in working order. It should not be forgotten
that speculation in this country is more subject to
vicissitudes now than ever. We have assumed a po- \
sition which puts both legitimate and speculative i
business more than ever at the mercy of our inter- j
national affairs, and a single perturbation therein will
profoundly affect both. We need more than ever
sound ideas and practices in business, a sound finan
cial system and sound currency, for we are more ex
posed to emergencies over which we have no control.
Therefore let him that standeth take heed lest he fall.
The one who is down already can have no change in
his affairs except to get up.
The country needs legislation to protect its credit, j
its currency, its standard of value, now more than it
was needed in the late panic. It was down then and j
could only rise, and getting up was for the better.
Being now on its feet, it should avert as long as pos
sible another fall, and minimize its consequences when
it comes.
ELECTION BY PLURALITIES.
JUDGING from the tone of our Eastern con
temporaries in discussing the Senatorial dead
locks, a strong sentiment has been formed in
that section in favor of Senator Hoar's proposal for
the election of Senators hereafter by a plurality in
stead of a majority vote. The reform is one that can
be readily accomplished, and that fact has much to do
in determining public opinion in its favor.
Section 4of article I of the constitution of the
United States provides: "The times, places and man
ner of holding elections for Senators and Representa
tives shall be prescribed in each State by the Legis
lature thereof, but the Congress may at any time by
law make or alter such regulations, except as to the
places of choosing Senators."
The law which now regulates the election of Sen
tors was enacted by Congress in 1866. It provides that
balloting for Senators shall begin on the second
Tuesday after the organization of the Legislature and
shall continue daily until some c^ididate receives a
majority of all votes cast. Since it is thus an act of-
Congress which makes a majority vote necessary for
the choice of a Senator, it appears to be indisputable
that Congress may. if it see fit, by an amendment of
the law ptovide for election by a bare plurality.
An argument much relied upon by the advocates of
the reform is that plurality- elections are well known
to our political mechanism. Thus as the Philadel
phia Inquirer says: "The plurality rules in every
State and in all national elections, and it is only in
elections for Senator that an absolute majority is re
quired. In the last sixty year? only three Presidents
have had an absolute majority .of all the popular votes
during times of peace. There are few Congressmen
who had an absolute majority at the elections last fall.
Why should Senators be compelled to have a major
ity if a President and House can be elected by* a
plurality?"
While these arguments are valid so far as they go,
they do not affect the deeper evil of the problem to be
solved. Election by a plurality vote would put an end
to deadlocks, but would not prevent the graver scan
dals of bribery and corruption of which the deadlock
is but a symptom. Such a methad of election would
be, in fact, a distinct gain to the. vicious elements in
our political system. It would be easier for the
bosses to obtain a plurality than a majority in a Leg
islature, and thus the proposed reform would have no
other effect than that of depriving honesty of one of
its safeguards against dishonesty.
The subject is one deserving more than casual at
tention. The force with which the proposed amend
ment is being urged in the East leads to the conclu
sion that a strong effort will be made to procure its
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
enactment at the next' session of Congress. It may
be regarded, therefore, as a measure of practical poli
tics, and all who desire the accomplishment of a true
reform by providing for the election of Senators by
direct vote of the people should prepare to oppose the
plurality scheme in whatever form it is presented. '
HONOR THE PATRIOT DEfID.
AT Arlington Cemetery to-morrow the bodies of
many American soldiers who fell in the Cuban
campaign will be buried with simple but
solemn ceremony, and the President by proclamation
has given orders that during the afternoon of that day
the national flag shall be displayed at half-mast on all
public buildings, forts, camps and national vessels.
The sentiment which prompted the proclamation is
felt by all loyal hearts throughout the Union. The ob
servance of the day should therefore be common to
all. The expression of honor to the memory of the
patriot dead should not be left to the Government
alone. The people should take part in it. Every
home or office or factory having a flag should display
it at half-mast, and evidences of public sympthy with
the ceremony at Arlington should be everywhere
visible.
In the course of his proclamation the President
clearly sets forth the reason why there should be a
special commemoration of the day. "It is fitting," he
said, "that in behajf of the nation tributes of honor be
paid to th,e memories of the noble men who lost their
lives in their country's service during the late war with
Spain. It is the more fitting, inasmuch as in con
sonance with the spirit of our free institutions and in
obedience to the most exalted promptings of patriot
ism, those who were sent to other shores to do bat
tle for their country's honor under their country's flag
went freely from every quarter of our beloved land.
Each soldier, each sailor, parting from home ties and
putting behind him private interests in the presence
cf the stern emergency of unsought war with an alien
foe, was an individual type of devotion of the citizen
to the state which makes our nation strong in unity
and in action."
It is unnecessary to add anything to those words.
From the homes of California as well as from those of
her sister States young men went forth to foreign
lands to give their lives if need be at the call of the
nation. Distant as is Arlington Cemetery from" us,
every word uttered there in the burial service to-mor
row will find a response in Californian homes. It is
but right, therefore, that we should be among the
most earnest in manifesting honor to the patriot dead.
Let every national flag in the city be floated at half
mast to-morrow. This is a city of banners. It is
doubtful if in any other community does so large a
proportion of the people possess a national flag. The
ardor of our people at the outbreak of the war with
Spain led almost every one to purchase a flag, and for
a time, when the spirit of battle was upon us, the city
was as radiant with banners as if it were a season of
festivals.
All of these flags should be brought forth to-day.
They were flung to the breeze in former times at the
full height of the mast in honor of the brave as they
marched or sailed to battle; let them now with an
equal honor float at half-mast for the heroes who fell
in the service. ,
THE decision of Judge Bahrs in the Geary-street
turntable case clarifies a subject which has here
tofore been obscured by conflicting opinions.
The turntable at Lotta's fountain has long been a
public nuisance and various efforts have been made to
| effect its removal. But it was built under a franchise
i granted by the Board of Supervisors and has been
sustained in its position by authority of law. About
a year ago, however, the Supervisors tackled it in
earnest. They adopted a resolution declaring it to be
a nuisance and directing the Superintendent of Streets
to abate it forthwith. When the latter prepared to
move on the turntable, in force, however, the Geary
Street Company procured an injunction from the Su
perior Court and put a summary stop to further pro
ceedings. It is this injunction which Judge Bahrs
| now sustains, leaving the opponents of the turntable
: high and dry upon the beach of litigation.
But in declaring that the Board of Supervisors had
no power to remove this turntable by force Judge
Bahrs has enunciated a valuable and interesting prin
ciple of municipal law. He holds that where the de
struction of property is involved the police powers of
the Supervisors with respect to public nuisances are
limited to commencing actions for condemnation. In
other words, the law is that nuisances are abatable
I summarily by decree of municipal authorities only
when they are detrimental to the public health and
1 no damage will be done to property by their sup
pression.
If the law were otherwise the Board of Supervisors
might declare the City Hall a nuisance and order it
removed. Of course there would be differences of
opinion upon this point, for in some respects the City
Hall is a nuisance, notably in giving asylum to a
large number of persons whose only purpose in life
is to deplete the accumulations of the taxpayers; but
it would be an extraordinary state of affairs if the law
I empowered the Supervisors to order the City Hall
torn down whenever it suited their caprice.
Judge Bahrs points out clearly a way for securing
the demolition of the Geary-street turntable. He says
that any person interested may commence an action
i to condemn the contrivance, and upon the trial of the
I action all the facts of the case may be brought out and
| a judicial decree entered. If this decree be against the
turntable it may then be executed in the usual way.
The whole power of the State will be behind it. and,
j if necessary, the militia can be called out to enforce it.
■ These powers, as we understand it, may also be util
| ized to demolish other nuisances than the one which
makes the nights of an esteemed morning contempo
rary hidous.
As it is reported that many of the captured Filipinos
have shown themselves discontented when disarmed
and turned loose instead of being imprisoned and fed,
it is evident the canned beef story has not yet been
translated into their language.
There was a time when the worst style of boss dic
tation known to us was described as "raw," but the
talk Huntington and Hubbard are giving us just now
sounds a good deal more like something which has
been embalmed.
If nothing else was done by the Legislature, a ma
jority of the Republicans in that body defeated the
railroad conception of expansion. The railroad con
tracted to expand Burns, but that form of expansion
collapsed.
Possibly the reason why Herrin does not reply to
Huritington's assertion that the Southern Pacific had
nothing to do with the Senatorial contest, at Sacramen
to is because he has been struck dumb with amaze
ment.
Have your flags ready to float at half-mast in honor
of the heroic dead to-morrow. The observance of the
day should be popular as well as national.
ThJE LfiW OP NUISANCE.
RANCH AND RURAL NOTES.
Since the development of artesian water for irrigation on the Kern
County, Mojave and Colorado deserts in California experiments have been
made on the desert of Sahara in Africa and now 12,000,000 acres are under
crop there, irrigated by artesian wells.
For success in poultry raising use only the eggs of old hens for hatch
ing. Chicks from the eggs of mature fowls have the most value and vi
tality.
The Horticultural Society of Minnesota recommends this cure for bar
renness in apple trees. Remove a section of bark an inch wide clear around
the tree, taking care not to injure the cambium or membrane, and fill the
space with crabapple bark neatly fitted. The place is then bound with strips
of old cotton cloth wound around neatly and tightly so as to cover the in
serted bark and about an inch above and below. The cloth must then be
tied tightly with stout twine, so that swaying in the wind will not break
the contact of the new bark with the old. The bandage may be waxed with
grafting wax. In about ten days the union will be complete. In that cli
mate it is recommended that this operation be performed between the oth
and 25th of June. This treatment will also force bearing in young trees.
Don't wash eggs before taking to market. The use of water on an egg
shell deprives it of a substance which excludes the air and the egg soon
rots.
Japan last year imported 182,484 pounds of butter, of which California
furnished 75,000 pounds, at an average price of 35 cents per pound. The
hermetically sealed butter in small packages sells there readily, but becomes
rancid soon after opening, so that 8 ounce packages are preferred.
Each 4000 pounds of milk contains 22 pounds of nitrogen, 11 pounds of
potash and 9 pounds of phosphoric acid. This is nearly all in the skimmilk,
and if that is fed on the farm to pigs and chickens nearly all these fertile
elements are returned to the soil. Nitrogen, potash and phosphoric acid are
the plant food of the land and should not be wasted.
The American Cultivator reports the following results of chicken feed
ing: A lot of 133 chickens, weighing an average of four pounds and five
ounces, or a total of 575 pounds, was selected for feeding. The first three
weeks they gained 258 pounds. Then they began moulting and in the next
two weeks gained only 25 pounds, but the sixth week they gained 58 pounds,
weighing 916 pounds, or 6 pounds and 14 ounces each. In the six weeks
they ate 1738 pounds of grain and 2589 pounds of skim milk, or nearly 12
pounds and 1 ounce of grain and 19*4 pounds of skim milk each. In their
condition when the feeding began they were worth 6 cents a pound, when
fattened they were worth 10 cents a pound, thus they gained in value
cents each. The food cost 15^ cents each.
MY MA, SHE KNOWS.
My Pa, he scolds me jes' becuz
He says I'm gittin' "tough";
He says my face is never clean,
My hands is always rough ;
I'm not behavin' like I should,
An' goin' wrong, I s'pose,
But Ma, she takes an' pats my hand
An' smiles btcuz she knows!
My Pa hain't got no use for boys,
He wants 'em always men;
I wonder if he's clean forgot
The boy he must 'a' been;
Fer Ma, she says they're all alike
"Bout face an' hands an' clothes,
An' says 'l'll learn to be a man;
An' Ma, I guess, she knows!
My Pa, he says I ain't no good
At doin' anything;
I'd ruther fool away the time
An 1 whistle, play an' sing;
But Ma. she smiles an' says I'm young,
An' then she up an' goes
An' kisses me an' shows me how;
For Ma, you bet, she knows!
My Pa, he says I'll never be
A business man like him,
Becuz 1 hain't got any "drive"
An' "get up," "pluck" and "vim";
But Ma, she says so solemnlike,
A man's a boy that grows.
An' bnys must have their playin' speliu
An' Ma's a trump an' knows!
My Pa, he shakes his head an' sighs
An' says he doesn't see
Whfre I get all the careless ways
That seem jes' born in me;
An' Ma, she laughs, an' laughs, an' laughs
Till Pa's face crimson grows,
An' then she says, " 'Tis very queer";
But somehow, Ma, she knows.
My Ma, she knows most everything
'Bout boys an" what they like;
She's never scoldin' 'bout trie muss
I make with kites an" bike;
She says she wants me to be good
An' conquer all my foes,
An' you jes' bet I'm going to be,
'Cuz my sweet Ma, she knows!
—Birch Arnold, in Detroit Journal.
STATE NOTES.
C. M. Harrison of Biggs has planted ten acres of hemp on his Butte
Creek ranch. The land is slickens over adobe, and the experiment of grow
ing hemp in it will be watched with interest by the ranchers whose river
lands have been coated with slickens by hydraulic mining.
The orchardists of Haywards are considering the advisability of a dis
tillery for use on surplus fruits. Prunes, peaches and other fruits are made
into merchantable liquors. In Europe peels and pits of fruit are used in the
still, and nothing grown in an orchard is wasted. This State is producing
a large crop of figs, of which much is not put to profitable use. Fig brandy
is a highly prized liquor, and if made here would find a ready market.
When pump irrigation was found necessary to save orchards last year
the fuel question became important and the prunings were used. In their
loose state they were expensive to handle and T. G. Rogers of Winters in
vented a brush baler. It is a large, strong sawhorse, to which a strong
lever is bolted, with four strong tines bent in a semi-circle. The saw-
horse is filled with the brush, the lever is pulled down and fastened with a
ratchet, compressing the brush into a small bale, -which is bound with wire
and is as convenient to handle as a stick of wood.
The use of barnyard n-.anure on adobe soil in San Diego County has
proved that it will subdue the stubbornness of adobe and break it up
The great valley of California from Mount Shasta to the Tehachapi
never looked more promising than now. Grain, orchards and vineyards are
all feeling the stimulus of the March rain.
While ships were sailing to the bird islands for guano as a fertilizer there
was accumulating a deposit of the greatest value in the sheep corrals of
California. The animals tramped it solid and each old corral is now a
mine of the best fertilizer, ten feet deep. The manure is ground up racked
and sold. It is free from weed seeds and is of great value.
THE TELEPHONE
MONOPOLY MAY
NOW BE BROKEN
Promises of Mutual
Company.
ALL MODERN APPLIANCES
CONTRACTS FOR CONSTRUCTION
HAVE BEEN LET.
President Crlttenden Outlines His
General Plans to the Judiciary
Committee of the Board
of Supervisors.
If the assurances given the Judiciary
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday afternoon are carried into effect
this city will have by the end of the pres
ent year a competing telephone company
as fully and perfectly equipped as money
and skill can make it.
The matter came up under the consid
eration by the committee of the petition
of the People's Mutual Telephone Com
pany for the revocation of the order oi
the laft Board of Supervisors, disqualify
ing a $10,0)0 bond given three years ago
by the company in compliance with the
terms of its franchise. James L. Critten^
den, president of the company, appeared
for the petitioners. He declared that his
company had entered into contracts for
the expenditure of $2*6,000 for the build
ing and perfecting of a modern telephone
system having underground conduits h«
ail of the downtown districts for the ex
tension of its wires.
Of this amount Mr. Critrenden said the
sum of $110,000 was to be paid for a
switchboard of the latest and most im
proved pattern and exactly on the same
plans as the one now in use in St. Louis.
He further said that his company had al
ready entered into contracts to furnish
1700 business firms and private residences
with telephones, and that he expected the
number of contracts so made to aggre
gate at least 5000 by the Ist of July, the
date set for the beginnirtg of work on
the system of underground 'conduits. All
of the telephones put in for private or
public use, he said, will be long-distance
instruments capable nf transmitting
sound a distance of 1000 miles.
Mr. Crittenden explained to the com
mittee that a franchise had been granted ]
the People s Mutual Telephone Company
about three years ago. and that the com
pany, after complying with all of the re
quirements of the grant, had begun the
work of laying underground conduits.
This work was stopped by injunction and
since that time the matter has been
fought out in the courts, the Supreme,
Court finally deciding the controversy- in
favor of the Mutual Company. The com
pany's bonds are now being prepared for
sale, contracts have been let and if pres
ent expectations are fulfilled the company
will have its telephones ready for use by
the Ist of January. 190).
The matter of the $10,000 bond will be
referred to the City and County Attorney
for consideration before it will be acted
on by the committee.
To-day the Street Committee of the
Board of Supervisors will hold a special
meeting for the purpose of giving a hear
ing to the Merchants' Association in the
matter of extending the time for grant
ing the contract for the electric lierht*
used by the city. This has to do parti c a
laxly with the application of the Mutual
Plectric Light Company for permission to
erect poles in certain districts of the city
1 he meeting promises to be an interest^
ing one.
AROUND THE
CORRIDQR3
J. Mullaney. a stock-raiser of Nevada
is located at the Rups.
S. Pinschower, a Cloverdale merchant,
is at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
Joseph Steinhart and wife of Stockton
have engaged rooms at the California for
a short stay.
A. B. Hammond, a large mine-owner
and railroad contractor of Missolua
Mont., is a guest at the Palace
W. H. Clary Jr., a mining man of Stock
ton, and W. R. Caruthers. a Santa Rosa
merchant, are late arrivals at the Lick.
Colonel J. A. Ha.rdin of Santa Rosa,
who owns large cattle interests in Ne
vada and Oregon, is staying at The Ru?s.
Charles H. Dodd, ex-president of the
Chamber of Commerce and a prominent
merchant of Portland, Or., is registered
at the Occidental.
W. Lionel Robert, a member of the
British colony established at Penryn.
near Auburn, has returned from a trip
to Riverside and is at the Occidental.
J. D. Biddle, a banker of Hanford; I.
Horton. a Uvermore hotel-keeper, and
H. T. Thorpe, a business man of Sacra
mento, are among the arrivals at the
Grand.
H. C. Bush, the general agent of the
freight department of the Santa Fe Rail
road, will leave to-daj- for Honolulu on a
visit of pleasure. He will be absent about
three weeks.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 4.— H. M. Summer
field and wife of San Francisco are at the
Bartholdi. Mrs. C. Meyer of San Fran
cisco is at the Plaza. Frank M. Leland
and F. W. Ames of San Francisco are at
the Imperial. Jessie McCormick of San
Francisco is at the Gilsey." Raphael Weill
of San Francisco and Mrs. J. Olunie of
San Francisco are at the Holland. Gor
don Blanding and F. G. Drouen of San
Francisco are at the Fifth avenue.
ULTIMATUM OF
THE TEACHERS
IS ACCEPTED
Merchants Notify the
Auditor.
CONFERENCE OF ATTORNEYS
NO MOKE INJUNCTIONS WILL
BE SERVED.
Thirty-Five Thousand Dollars Now
Available to Pay Eighty-Six
Thousand Dollars' Worth
of Claims.
Auditor Wells was notified yesterday
that the ultimatum issued by the teach
ers at their meeting held at ;he Giris'
High School Monday afternoon would be
accepted by the merchants and its terms
complied with. This means that the.mer
chants will forego their intention to en
join the salaries of the teachers for the
balance of the present fiscal year, and
that they will accept the $35,000 availa
ble to meet the demands of the School
Department fund prior to the first of
January. It also means that the teach
ers on their part agree to dismiss all
pending litigation over the distribution
of the $35,000, and that they will aban
don all claim to it, so that the merchanta
may divide the entire amount among
themselves as they see fit.
A vital part of this understanding is
that while the teachers relinquish all
claim to the only money now available
for the payment of their back salaries,
they do not by so doing invalidate their
claims against the city. These claims
will be pressed in some manner not yet
determined. This will be a subject for
after consideration.
The claims of the merchants against
the city aggregate something more than
$86,000. Now that the teachers have
stepped out of the legal arena there is
now available about $35,000 which can be
applied to the liquidation of thes£ claims.
To whom and in what manner this
money is to be distributed is the prob
lem that is now confronting the Auditor
and the attorneys for the merchants.
Yesterday Attorney Frank Powers, rep
resenting the merchant creditors, called
on Auditor Wells and informed him of
the intentron of the merchants to com
ply with the decision of the teachers. He
then suggested that it was the desire
of his clients to secure possession of the
available $35,000 as soon as possible. The
Auditor expressed a willingness to au
thorize the payment of the money, and
said he would do so at once if the attor
ney would point out how it could be done
legally and in a manner so that the
rights of the Auditor and the city
would be protected. This was too knotty
a problem to be solved at once, and after
a lengthy discussion the Auditor referred
the matter to his attorney with instruc
tions to confer with Mr. Powers as to the
best method on which to proceed.
During the conference in the Auditor's
office Attorney Powers suggested that
the entire sum be paid to some one per
son to be designated by the merchant
creditors, that person to distribute the
amount pro rata according to the amount
due each of the various creditors. He
also suggested that enough of the out
standing claims be selected to make up
the amount of $35.n00, and that the Aud
itor pay these with the understanding
that the money so paid should be distrib
uted among all of the creditors. Xeither
of these propositions were acceptable
to the Auditor and they were therefore
rejected as impracticable. It will prob
ably be several days before the manner
of payment will be decided upon.
A Compromise Effected.
The damage suit of Mrs. Ethel D. Saw
kins against the Market-street Railway
Company came to a sudden ending >es
terday. The casp was on trial before
Judge Daingerfield and the plaintiff had
not yet rested her case when her counsel
arose and asked that the case be dis
missed, as a compromise had been ef
fected. The exact amount paid Mrs.
Sawkins was not stated in court, but it
is understood that the Market-sireet
Company paid $900 and costs.
Pierce Gets the Land.
A jury in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday rendered a verdict for the
plaintiff in the case of Henry Pierce
against Richard J. Mulliken. The suit
was brought in I?PS to eject the defend
ant from 228 acres of land in Contra Costa
County and to vest the title in Pierce.
Cal. glace fruit 30c per rt> at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). -10 ilont
gornery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
As Good as His Word.
He— l always make it a point to profit
by the mistakes of others.
She— l got weary of George Brixton be
cause he never seemed to know when to
go home.
He then bade her good-night— Cleveland
Leader.
''Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been u*ed for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the worfc. Be sure and ask for M:s.
Winslow'B Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
IJOTEL DEL COROXADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen .lays' board at
hotel: longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 Xew
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Love of Their Country.
"Talking of patriotism," said Asbury
Peppers, "the South furnishes the only
genuine article."
"What?" shouted the boarder from Con
necticut.
"Fact. Think of the clay eaters down
in Georgia. Just think of how they love
their native soil:"— Cincinnati Enquirer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Infants ■ are effected by
foods taken by the nursing
mother.
Prof. W. B. Cheadle, of
St. Mary's Hospital and
author of a treatise on the
feeding of infants, has shown
by experiments that wasting
diseases, will result from de-
priving children of fats and
hypophosphites.
Dr. Thompson says Cod-
liver oil is what such mothers
and infants require. "Scott's
Emulsion is pure Nor-
wegian Cod-liver oil with
hypophosphites.
_„_„ s°c- and $1.00, all drugtrisU.
SCOTT & BOWNE, ChemisS, Xew Yo*.GAMBLERS PLOT
AGAINST MANY
CITY TRADESMEN
Attempt to Force a
Concession.
SCHEME TO TRICK THE PUBLIC
BOYCOTT ON THE MERCHANTS'
ASSOCIATION.
bookmakers Strive' to Create a False
Demand for a Limited, Legal
ized Season of Gambling at
Ingleside.
The gamblers of Tngleside have begun a
new light to regain the position from
which they were driven" by the decent
people of this city. An Insidious boycott
Ims been instituted aerainst local mer
chants by the gamblers, wh hope to
force the Merchants' Association to ap
peal to the Board of Supervisors for some
modification of the drastic station
which swept Ingleside and it: manifold
evils out of existence. The blacklegs of
I WORK HAS ALREADY BEEN COMMENCED ON THE BUILDINGS TO REPLACE THE PRESENT PESTHOUSE. g
o twtHE ramshackle structures which have done duty for three illustration will be built immediately. The others will be added o
o i decades will be replaced one by one as funds are available, later. Supervisor Holland, chairman of the Building Committee, o
£j The new buildings will be severely plain, the only effort being has interested himself in the scheme for the relief of the dis- g
oj made to shelter the unfortunate wards of the city from tressed lepers, and has hastened the work materially and will £
*> the elements. One of the wings shown in the accompanying ! push it to completion. p
■os«asiOißoSS •;••. ov;>\ o\o •••;• •.<:• *,o\ o\o\ c-v:-\v \v\o»; o\o \o %o seas 0*.0% o%o;io nono'i o»*o^o ?*o ?*o?* o**o?* o»io%o # .0*.0% o**o !.o %o seexs o%o ? . o*.o.n^ o**o\o o'iO'iO'iO'.C'VO'.oM
the racecourse hope to win by force what •
neither deceit nor subterfuge could ac- i
eompllsh. Every possible Influence has I
been broupht to bear upon the leading
spirits of the Merchants' Association to !
induce them to recommend some form oi
•license for bookmaking ■..thin the in- !
closure of the racecourse. The motive of j
the attack upon the merchants was rec- j
oznized at once and the gamblers In con- [
B< <yjence may expect small encourage
ment from the men who welcomed the j
< losing of the track as a public benefit. i
When Corrigan and his Eastern book- j
r.-i.-ikers discovered that through their ra- j
pacity the San Francisco Held was lost I
to them they turned in every direction to
discover some means to recover the
ground which an outraged city had
wrested from them. The Board of Su
pervisors could not be tampered with and
every overture of corruption was re
pulsed. The order of prohibition was
adopted and, with the signature of the '
Mayor, became a law. The police were i
active and aggressive in the enforcement
of the new ordinance. The controversy
tvas carried into the courts and again
the gamblers lost.' A constitutional law
had been adopted; the racecourse had-tt.l
-'lose. The gamblers packed their traps,
shipped their "skates", and gambling ma
chine? and went to Emeryville. The law
and the people were against the evil of |
Ingleslde; but he gamblers had not "yet
given up the fight.
As they could not obtain the toleration
of decent people they schemed to mnkn j
the Merchants' Association a catspaw j
■with which to obtain a concession from .
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
SCRATCHED
TILL RAW
Eczema en Leg from Knee to Toe. No Rest
Day or Night. Doctors, -Salves, etc..
Could Not Cure.
CUTICUBA REMEDIES CURED-
About three years ago my husband's legs,
from the knee down to his toes, were red and
itching with Eczema. He had no rest day
or nisiht. and would scratch all the time, so
hi:« legs would be raw. lie had a good many
doctors. They told him there was nothing
"v.-rong with his blood, and they gave him '■
Falve and other things to rub on. He had
ftbout a peck of bottles and boxes of salve
and none of them did him any good. He
worried that way about one year, and gave
the doctors quite a lot of money. I told him
one day the trouble was all In his blood, and
told him to try TICI'RA remedies. He went
that intsant and got C-UTICURA SOAP, CUT-
ICI.-RA iCintment) and CUTICURA RESOL.-
VENT. That nlKht he rested well, and kept
petting better until he was cured, and It has
not returned since. MRS. H. JENKINS.
• Sept. Jl. IS9B. Box .-;.-:..:. ro, Ky.
ECZEMA ON BABY 8 MONTHS
CURED BY CLJTICURA.
A friend of mine, Mrs. Staples, has a child
two years old. whose almost entire face and ;
h<>ad was covered with a mass of sores, which
she had had for eight months. The doctors
pronounced it Eczema, but did not relieve hep '■
any. She wculd scratch until tne blood would I
run. I told her to get CUTICURA. and she I
did so. purchasing two boxes of CUTICURA
'MntrnenO and one cake of CUTICURA SOAP, ,
an<l the child Is ••veil now.
MRS. H. JENKINS, box 147, Middleboro, Ky. i
In all the world these is no other treatment !
*o pure, so sweet, so speedily effective for
n!stre«FinK kin humors of infants and children
&s CUTICURA remedies, greatest of skin cures. |
Mood purifier* and humor remedies. "Warm
baths with CUTICURA SOAP, and gentle
fcriointlnps with CUTICURA, purest of emolient !
s-Kin i-ures, will afford Instant relief, permit
feet and sleep, and point to a speedy per- '
manent and economical cure, when the best j
npysicians. hospital and all else fail. • .
Sold throughout the World. POTTER .DRUG
AND CHEM. CORP.. Sole Props., Boston.
How to Cure Eczema,",, free.
RED ROIT:H made Soft and White
ni-unuuunnAPlD3bjr cuticura soap, i
the Board of Supervisors. The plotters
have been working now for nearly two
weeks. Their method of operating was
a simple one. They appeal to every ,
tradesman with whom tney deal and j
through thr-ir small patronage in the city |
se«k to ••>:.T<'is.-' an influence upon the
Merchants' Association. Scores of trades- |
men have been asked if they are mem- .
'•is of the Merchants' Association, or if
they purchase their supplies from mem. j
hers. j
An affimatlve answer is immediately
followed by a request that the tradesman
threaten to withdraw his patronage un
less the director! of thi Merchants' As
sociation adopt some appeal asking the j
Supervisors to legalise !<>okniaking tor a
certain, restricted period in the city. The 1
gamblers have apparently given up all
hope of regaining the unlimited scope for
evfi which ently enjoyed. They ,
want now the "privilege to return to the;
city to operate For sixty uays or even Itss :
if this concession cannot be obtained .
without protest.
The scheme •>( '.he gamblers has been'
brought to the attention of many mt.m
--:' the Merchants' Association in a !
crafty way. For a time it was belli
t? of certain tradesmen
ted an honest public sen
timeht, bui an Investigation quickly
proved the contrary. The suggestion that
. ■ : the Merchants' Associa
to the Supervisors for a lim
ited perifld of iiookmaking at the ;
. ourse f< li i;!"" 5 " deaf oars. In the Brst
the Merchants' Association would
stultifj Itself by making such an appeal.
No organization in the city wa? more
i in suppressing the evil
mbling <n horse racing than th.- as
there is not the slightest
mblers that the men who
• thi poolrooms so desperately will
I tl Of tlir- evil
by asking that it be legalized.
While some of the merchants believe
31 sentiment was ropre
the facts ha\e proved differently, '
>rtunately no harm can li. done to
ss community by the gamblers.
•- have no permanent in;
in the city, and come and. go under the
■ ios created by the racrcours-p.
They buy only what they need, and ihey
must make their purchases in San Fran-
When they attempt to boycott
. rchants of the city or seduce them
Into taking nn ill-advised action they ;ir>>
simply repeating the bluff which failed
before the people, the Supervisors and
the courts. They will have to try some
other game.
FLORENTINE RUBIO HAD
NO NATIONALITY
A PHILIPPINE WANTS TO BE
COME A CITIZEN.
A Tangle Results, but Finally the
Applicant Is Forced to Forswear
Allegiance to Spain and
Aguinaldo.
Florentine Rubio, a Filipino, wants to
become a citizen of this Government. This j
is a laudable intention on the part of '
Florentine, but it caused considerable |
trouble in Judge Daingerfield's court \
yesterday. When .Florentine presented j
himself and asked permission to take out
his first papers, it became necessary, in
asmuch as he is an alien, that he for
■wear allegiance to the flag under which
he claimed protection. This caused the |
difficulty. He was a Filipino, and for i
had dwelt under Spanish rule. I
Spain's rule in the Philippines has ceased
to be, and instead there remains the frag
ments of the shattered "Philippine re
public," of which one Aguinaldo is the I
President. Th<- Philippines are practical- j
ly a part of the United States at the pres
ent time, so the legal tangle that re- i
suited was excusable". Finally Judge !
Daingerfield decided to make Florentine
forswear allegiance to Spain and "the so
called Philippine Republic," after which
he allowed him to take out his first pa- [
jir-rs. The Judges of the Superior Court j
will now look into the matter, and if in
thf future a Filipino appears for first
papers he will be dealt with without
delay. , .
Arranging for the Fair.
Plans for the forthcoming fair of the
Mechanics' Institute, which opens on Sep
tember 2, continuing until October 7 next,
were considered at length at the quarter
ly meeting of the board of trustees last
LILLIAN POST DIES
IN AGNEWS ASYLUM
LILLIAN POST, the opera singer, died at Agnews Asylum yesterday af-.
ternoon of heart failure. The prima donna was taken to the asylum late
Monday afternoon by her son, H. Blair. She was in a very feeble condi
tion and it could be seen that the end was not far off. She rallied some
what during the night and yesterday morning she was a little better
and spoke of her travels to Hawaii and Australia to Dr. Christal. Her
mind seemed to wander back to the time when she was in the height of
her stage career. About 1 o'clock she was attacked with heart failure and
sank into a comatose condition, dying a half hour later. Dr. Sponogle and
Dr. rhristal wore in attendance. Her remains will be brought to San Fran
cisco this morning.
Overwork, her friends say, tvas the primary cause of the singer's mental
and physical breakdown, terminating: In her death. Miss Post, as she was
known on the stage, or Mrs. Goodwin in private life, was one of tte many
San Francisco girls who have gained fame before the footlights irr many
countries.
Graduating from amateur musical circles into the professional ranks
nearly twenty years ago. Miss Post played her first engagement in her na
tive town ac a member of Emelle Melville's original Pinafore company.
Later on she became associated with De Wolf Hopper, Delia Fox, Jack Raf
fael and others who have since become prominent In light opera as a mem
ber of the McCall company. A few years ago Miss Post filled a long and sue
t euful engagement at the Tivoli here- until she was compelled to retire be
caUM of a severe throat affection. Upon her recovery she made a tour of
Australia, returning from there only a few months ago. Since her return
until last week she resided with her husband at 636 O'Farrell street." On
Thursday her malady had assumed such a form tj^at it was deemed advis
able to place her under restraint. She was taken to the City Receiving Hos
pital and the following day an attempt was made to remove her to a pri
vate s-.anitarium, but she jumped^ from the carriage and her husband took
her back to the hospital, where she remained until Monday, when she was
taken to Agnews.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRTL 5, 1899.
night. Correspondence is already under
wax- with a large number of Eastern
firms for the exhibition of special attrac
tions which, if they are secured, will
make the fair by far the most attractive
and important display ever given by the
institute. The War Department has been
asked to furnish free transportation in
transports for specimen products of the
Philippines, curios, arts, industries, etc..
as well as artisans and a native band of
forty pieces. This colonial exhibition
promises to be of much Importance in
showing the resources of those islands.
THE FIGHT FOR DECENCY.
Cases of Proprietors of Phonograph
Parlors Called in the Police
Courts.
M. Kollman. R4S Market street, and M.
S. Levy, 415 Kearny street, proprietors of
phonograph parlors, charged on the com
plaint of Secretary Frank Kane with hav
ing indecent pictures on exhibition, ap
peared before Judge Graham yesterday
A trial by jury was demanded and the
rases were continued till to-morrow to be
set for trial.
The same procedure was gone through
before Acting Police Judge Barry with
regard to the cases of Knllman and John
Carroll, 724 Market street, arrested on
the complaint of Policemen Tvrrell and
Esola.
Later Tyrrell and Esola secured search
warrants and seized a number of pic
tures from the phonograph parlors, in
cliulinK those of Peter Bacigaluni, whose
absence from the city has so far saved
him from arrest.
. ♦ ■
SAWKENS' SUIT DISMISSED.
$20,000 Damage Case Compromised
for a Paltry $900 of Market
Street Railway Money.
The 120,000 damage suit of Mrs. Ethel D.
Sawkene and Thomas Sawkens against
the Market Street RaJlway Company wa.<*
compromised yesterday, and upon motion
of the plaintiffs' attorney Judge Dainger
field dismissed the suit and ordered the
jury discharged.
The suit was based upon injuries sus
tained by Mr?. Sawkens in March, 1898.
On the 2M of that month she was board
ing a Hayes street car, which started so
abruptly as to throw her upon the cob
t ■ b with such force that she received in
juries from which she claims she has
never recovered.
The Market Street Company, which was
represent) d by Genera) w. H. L. Barnes,
admitted liability, but denied that plain
tiff's injuries were as severe as set forth
in the complaint. Negotiations were
opened Monday looking to a compromise,
and when the case was called yesterday
morning Attorney Linforth of the firm of
I.inforth & Wnittaker, representing th«
plaintiff, announced that the cn>* had
rompromised and that the defendant
company would settle the costs of suit.
The attorneys for both sides declined to
make public the terms of the compromis".
run from other sources it was learned that
1900 was the amount paid by the company
in addition to the costs of court for a
dismissal of the case.
Gold leaf, gold bronze, Flemish, bone
black and natural oak moldings for pic
ture frames in the very latest patterns at
Sunborn & Vall's. •
Alleged Sneakthief.
R. T. Edwards, alias EJdward Roberts,
was arrested on Market street on the
complaint of C. F. Berg, glove dealer, 800
Market street, on the charge of petty lar
ceny. Berg alleges that Edwards entered
the store on Saturday and stole seven
pair.s of gloves, which he afterward
dropped and ran away. He was noticed
in a saloon by Berg yesterday afternoon
and was arrested by Policeman Hayden.
In the Divorce Court.
Andrew McDevitt was granted a divorce
from Annie McDevitt yesterday on the
ground of desertion. Juana Howell has
been granted a divorce from James E.
Howell on the ground of extreme cruel
ty. The- custody of a minor child was
granted Mrs. Howell.
Appointed Matron of the Morgue.
Mrs. Grace D. Harris was sworn in as
Matron nf the Morgue yesterday by Coro
ner Hill. Mrs. H;irris was appointed by
the Sup' rvisurs on the request of the Cor
oner. Hc-r salary will be $60 per month.
She will have charge of female bodies.
SCHEME OF THE
LOTTERY MEN TO
DEFEAT POLICE
Tickets No Longer
Bear a Date.
ARE USELESS AS EVIDENCE
CHINESE MADE DESPERATE BY
THE CONSTANT RAIDS.
Lieutenant Price and Posse Gather
In Visitors to an Opium Joint
and Secure Evidence
of Crime.
The Chinatown squad under Lieutenant
Price is wise, but the Celestials whom it
is set to guard seem to be wiser
still. Whenever the. police get wise on a
scheme the Chinese at once bend all their
energies toward petting the best of the
men who wear the stars. The lottery deal
ers in particular have been the shrewdest
men the police have had to contend with
of late, and the lottery dealers seem to
have the upper hand at present.
During the past few days a number of j
raids have been made on the fan-tan
games, the opium dens and the dealers in ;
lottery tickets, and these have set all I
Chinatown agog. There was a time when !
tickets could be purchased regularly in |
certain stands. The police succeeded in j
breaking up this practice, and then the j
wary Celestials resorted to the practice!
of employing agents, who would mark
tickets in almost any out of the way cor- i
ner. The squad under Lieutenant Price ,
has captured so many at this illicit prac
tice of late that it has been practically
abandoned and the dealers have found a j
new game.
Last night Officer Stephen Bonner of the '
squad noticed a Chinaman handing an j
envelope to a white man in a manner j
which excited his suspicion. He captured j
the white man. and on examining the en- |
velope found it containt-d a lottery ticket
already marked. The time of the draw
ing, however, was not marked on the
ticket, but on the envelope. He did not
t;:k<- the trouble to arrest his man, as i
there was no evidence against him. It
is no crime to have a lottery ticket in i
your possession unless it is tor a drawing !
to come off at some future date, which
date must be marked on the ticket. The
ticket found had no date upon it. The
date was on the envelope, hut there was j
no proof that the envelope and ticket be- !
longed together. The envelope simply '
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
WOMEN are assailed at every turn by troubles peculiar
\/\/ to their sex. Every mysterious ache or pain is a
symptom. These distressing sensations will keep
on coming unless properly treated.
The history of neglect is written in the worn faces and
wasted figures of nine- .
tenths of our women, IMMg^mjUfSTM liUfM/1
every one of whom may WWifSwiMLMW WwirWQJ
receive the invaluable ad- m aF a m BMBSFFiiss*
vice of Mrs. Pinkham, NEED MHSm
without charge, by writing B*BgLga&'BJZ A MJ&P^ A @B%
to her at Lynn, Mass. F*ißWß%&wMs¥S %& MttßJ
Miss Lula Evans, of.' — : — '- — : '■
Parkersburg,.lowa, writes of her recovery as follows:
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham — I had been a constant sufferer
for nearly three years. Had inflammation of the womb,
leucorrhcea, heart trouble, bearing-down pains, backache,
B^^*. < .^^ headache, ached all over, and
sfg3^Y > \ at times could hardly stand on
jS^f^^ ■ fzff^ K\. my feet. My heart trouble was
/£__ = — =:-^W^a^^ j^ so-bad that some nights
/g===E=liz — "~jwjv^==EE^^S^T J I was compelled to sit
r •'■ : - : r~^^ r M %fo^|P||^ffi^ ■* =====EEE^=~V\ smother. More
gyfJ^^^^P^^'^ than once 1 liave
■ "■"* | been obliged to
— ~ ~^^^)> . tj-- ~ have the doctor
— . ~yr >^/^^~" g^~ ■ — — middle of the
- . .: y '^, / night. I was also
\-=r- ?Cy * very nervous and
J-^— y^^^y t x^Xp^r-^V I fretful. I was ut-
I terl y discouraged.
v 3 \vsv. I jK\ \rs<? \I / One da I thought I
V 6 [\ "\ lJs-^-L^/f\ \ Vly'*^ / would write and see
vifak '^^^^ArX^^-^ // if you could do any "
V a \V wiJ^N'^- "Lk ~a jv thing f or me - • l followed
i/^^C^. ) »J-^ *"* e^^~^' your advice and now I feel
* !%^ J w*^^ ¥fo& a new woman. All
those dreadful troubles I have no
■ — — more, and I have found Lydia
E. Pinkham 's Vegetable Compound and Sanative Wash a sure
• cure for leucorrhcea. lam very thankful for your good advice
and medicine."
had the words "Ore daytime, one night
time" stamped upon it. To the initiated
this means everything, but in a court it
means nothing. . , tV , A
This is not the only new scheme of the
lottery men to evade the clutches of the
law. One of the oldest companies in Chi
natown has abandoned tickets altogether,
and instead of them the agent carries a
book. The man who wishes to play points
out his numbers on the book. A record
is taken by the agent, who also makes a
private mark by which he can recognize
the player and the job is done. The books
bear nekher date nor name and cannot be
introduced as evidence. The police are
using their wits to defeat these new
schemes, but if they succeed the Chinese
will only resort to new methods.
A successful raid was made last night
by Lieutenant Price and P^fse on an
opium joint on Clay street. Five Chinese,
together with a complete layout of pipes,
scales and parcels of opium, were secured.
WEBE CAUGHT IN THE ACT.
Three Fish Killers Discovered Using
Dynamite in Austin Creek.
The State Fish Commissioners and sports
men generally are rejoicing over a recent
capture of three fellows who were caught
in the set of "shooting" a trout stream
with dynamite. For some time past the
State officers .have wondered why Austin
Creek in Sonoma County was so barren
of trout, and all kinds of fish as well,
when all of the other streams in the coun
ty were productive of the finny tribe, es
pecially on the opening of the season.
With a view <>i learning something of the
cause Secretary J. P. Babcock and Deputy
A. W. Wilson made a trip to the creek
on Sunday, and while they worked hard
and used all of the arts known to the
trout fishers to get a fish their efforts
were without result. At last, tired and
discouraged, they rested on a high bank
at the junction of East and West Austin
creeks.
After a while three men appeared and
their actions showed that there was mis
chief in the air. With great caution the
fellows exploded a charge of dynamite in
the deep pool. It is very difficult to catch
a dynamite "fisher" in the act, and "Bill"
Meyer, who was the chief operator, was
so taken by surprise that he mado no de
fense except to say that he wanted the
fish and took that means to get them.
This explained the absence of fish in Aus
tin Creek, which in former years was a
fine trout stream. Complaints were sworn
to before Justice Brown of Santa Kosa,
and on Saturday the preliminary examin
ation will be held, under a recent deci
sion of the Supreme Court such cases are
triable in the. Superior Court, and the pun
ishment may be anything from $250 and
150 days in the county jail upward.
000000000000000000
o , o
a Joel Chandler Harris «
Q o
a Begins a New Series of His Fa- &
O. mous *->
% "BRER RABBIT" STORIES %
<* In Next Sunday's Call. «
ooooooooooooooocsoo
• Yesterday's Bankrupts.
Petitions in bankruptcy were filed in
the. United States District Court yester-
day as follows; Walter S. Hanks of San
Francisco, liabilities $610 and no assets;
Ralph K. Lee of Mendocino County, lia-
bilities (3680, assets $500; George Johnston
of San Francisco, liabilities $453, no as-
sets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Do You Need a
ionic •_j^ rr rra
ySßfaJs&*^****^ 1 * lfl FOR BODY AND BRAIfc
ir^ Since 1863, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
Sold at All Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes
; & SAVE YOUR MONEY ! i
JL Fro« $10 to $17,50. |i
i[ /mmz>iM*' You car get the best All-Wool i|
\ jffaliipWi Suit Made to Order at. «,
I||!joe poheim |;
i 1 ' SJjjipkf'' If you. want a first-c!ass, ji ;
i| P*i|i well-tittintr suit ofc'othes ( ' I
( i Wm from $20 to $40 go to '([ ;
;! 11 JOE POHEIM \
/ '"■•%* Fine Clothes at 25 per Ji
i| cent less than elsewhere. ,'
|i 201-203 Montgomery St., Cop. Bush, i ]
]' 1110-1112 Market St. . S. F. I
SKIN, SCALP, /^%!
COMPLEXION. p^M:
Itching, burning, irritated skin, X^S J*/
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair TQBj/ if
and dandruff and blemished com- > ti^-^
plexlons instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the daily use of
WOOD BURY' S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Sold everywhere.
*
-«g^^i Ido not believe there j
jF3jssjgfp)i&j±. 16 a case of .dyspep-
/^g^^jw^y^ 6ia > indigestion or
JJEsy^" "*BJEzi> ouy stomach trouble j
Cgg Wrs& that cannot be re-
P3 ,/^9ftj lieved at once end
Isf &&jP*)i&mw permanently cured
V TW by my DYSPEPSIA
\ > AIUNYO II^
A* a druggists,
i^P&lrn^Sifti^fet 25c. a vial. Guide
YW^*SS^^^^ to Health and mcdi-
'} I p^ cal advice free. 1505
' Arch street, Phila.
g^J VITALJS
istD. r . S^k, J(©^ £!££££ f>El
xm-w 10th Day *.s«.«L S' rn^llbflaß
VITALJS - < '^> >£L M SSE^JSiI¥
PKOUICES HIE A BOTH 30th Day. flbHI kwill
BK8l"tT8. 11 quickly i surely removes Ncivcusncfs Impotency,
Kightly Emission*, Evil Dreams Wasting D->Mtsesand all effects
or self-abus» or excess and indiscretion. Rc«or« Lost Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. W*rdi off Inanity and Torsump-
Hon. (tires when all others fail. Insist on having VIT.\I.IB.
Do other. Can re carried in the vest pocket, Byniail 91. .
fer package orsij; for rr..<>«> with a niarante< to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular' Fre » Adrtrefß
CALUMET < I lit. CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chicago
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland. •
l\!&rlV3 I M LOST V! rALl inr
IXCII-t V B I t\ J.OST V.'GOR.
; 4fgb&s& — AND MANHOOD
nfc£j?H? ~\ Cures Impotcncy Night Emissions and wasting
I v.^"?!^? M leases, a " effects of self-abuse, or excess and I
\?lj yJj indiscretion. A nt rvctonic and blood-builder. i
1 Xft ysB& Brings th: pink glow to pale checks and r:>
Kijv>»Jl/ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
, [i^y^jK box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
| •jilr^^^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
1 R«nit2 medte«! Co., GNnton * 3sc»:scn ttt., Cbicagj.
Owl Drug Co.. Sole Agts., 1128 Market. S. F.
si^Vi/VvL, WHEN YOU
/^S^^^o^^L Require an E-cC-
BELT get "Or.
/%f^OT^%^^ Pierces" and you will
1 '^ not be disappointed.
"tyf*^ Call or address PIERCE
- :.■;■ " ■ ELECTRIC CO., 6120
»'»rk«< it (opp. Pllic* Hotel, S. F.
"drmcnulty.
riIHIS V. Kl/_-KNO\VN AND RELIA3T.KOLD
L Specialist citrei Private, Nervous, and Blood Dls-
ensfs o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Wenkne-wes of Men. free. Over 2o experience.
Pntlentscurpfiat Home. Terms reasonable. HoiirsO
to 3 daily: 6.3o t0 3:30 p^''gs.-Siiiid:iys. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. 11OSCOK McXL'IiTY, 31. I>.
26', Roarny St., San Francisco. Col.
FChlehentcr's English Diamond
ENNYROYAL PILLS
W —^K~T> Orlsisal and Only Genuine A
f* ./^b>/?\ B»fe. »Iw»yi Kliablo. laoics aak >S\
frjSS ttvkM Druggist for Chicheattr « Bngluh D.a-J^h*
b&i&gfi&g&imond Brand In Ked and Gold me:»llio\. > AJf
T-v —^«*2boiea, ecslod with blue ribbon. Take \Sr
■jSi *tlp! l i Sno other. Refute dangerous «ui;::'ii- v
j i ~ ftrtiont and imUatum, At Druggists, or icid <*«.
I (m> JJg la stumps for p<irticai(ir», testimonials and
\ V R? "K<?U»<f for I/adlem" <n Utter, by return
■J< L' Msll. IO.OOOTi-fttimoDialß. MtMzt Paper.
> — — Ciicudeal Co., Mndl<»ou SqHarb
feu k7 all LocU Uruggisti. I*llll, A.OA.. V*
lERCCSI
IbJf FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
M FOR WEAIiWOIWEM. I
— >^att!Sß&^~Jf a^, m B!c ** ls i non-polsonerm
<<'ii» > *H|JB remedy for Gonorrhea,
y^Si^COKEIsS^ Gleet, Spermatorrhoea, |
mXffW ie Ito 6 d»TB.^P Whites, unnatural Mis-
Mr&am Qciranieed \3 charges, or any indamnia-
£%■ not to stricter*. tion, irritation or ukcra-
P 1 ' Pravepts eoa'.*fi;ion. tion of mucous mem-
If9»ITHEEvANS (jHEMIChOo. branes. Non-astringent.
TiS? A.OINCINNATI.O JH9n ° Id bT Dpiß *»* 11 *'
HitJ^-JK v 3 a j S or sent ' a plain wrapper,
w^ESeiSteiw ig&yiH 'i' express, prepaid, foi '
< W«im£r^ t> l i 1 " r •'■ "ottloa, *2.7 X
■ Circular hu( wit nozngh
E J
_ \£S^33U MARKET ST.sF\sE&?
Weak Men and Women-
SHOULD USE OAMIANA BITTERS, TH3
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
«tr<iggth_to_g«xuaJ organ*. Depot. 422 Market.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
JOE, SALLY AND CONGO
In the FREE THEATER Every Afternoon
and Evening, Except Amateur Night.
TO-MORROW (Thursday)— AMATEUß NIGHT.
AMATEUR "TRILBY" DANCE.
J Reserve Seats by Phone, Stelner ISSL
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST WEEKS OF THE
BOSTONIANS.
ALL THIS WEEK. MAT. SAT.
Victor Herbert's tuneful opera.
The SERENADE
•_
NEXT WEEK-
"ROBIN HOOD."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ianMadaren"
DR. JOHN W. WATSON, D.D.
Author of "Beside, the Bonnie Briar Bush,"
etc., etc.
—DIRECTION MAJOR J. B. POND.
SUBJECT-
"READINGS FROM THE ANNALS OF
DRUMTOCHTY."
Seats on pale at the box-office of the theater.
PRICES— 75c, $1 and $1 50.
: .
GRAND OPERA-HOySE/ c T .
Moroseo Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessees
CONTINUED SUCCESS.
EVERYBODY TALKING ABOUT
"THE BLACK HUSSAR"
As Given By
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY.
Greatest Singing Chorus in America. Largest
Orchestra in the City. An Ensemble.
Never to Be Forgotten.
A $2 Production at These Popular Prices:
Orchestra Chairs SOc, 75c and $1
Dress Circle (Reserved) 500
Family Circle 250
Gallery 130
Saturday Matinee Prices— lsc, sc, 50c, 75c;
Nothing Higher.
Next Week— Another Big Production,
"THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Afternoon Recitals— 2
WEDNESDAY, April 13, and FRIDAY, April
21, at 2:15.
PRICES J3. $2 AND %1.
KNABE.PIANO USED.
Tickets will be on sale at Kohler & Chase'g
and the Opera House Box Office on and aitei
Saturday morning, April 15.
MATINEE TO-PAY (WED.), APRIL 5.
Parquet, any scat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
TWO GREAT HITS'.
MARSHALL P. WILDER,
World's Greatest Monologuist,
— and —
KARA, "THE GREAT,"
"World's Greatest Juggler.
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and her Pickanin-
nies.
MKN'GLER SISTERS, Parisian Danseuses.
POLK " & KOLLINS. THE MATWEEFS,
MANNING ft WEBTON. PANTZER BROS.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
"As Popular as Ever."
THE
a. m. v. n j
CHARITY
BALL.
By David Belasco and Henry Demillfc. •
m
Next Week— "HUMBUG," in Unlimited Fun.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
"A Thing of Beauty
Is a Joy Forever."
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS.
MIRTH and MAGIC— FUN and FROLIC.
• . MERRY DANCERS
SEE THE CRYSTAL STAIRCASE.
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular Prices, "' and SOc. Our Telephone,
Bush 9. _
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
EXTRAORDINARY BILL OF EASTERN
STARS AND NOVELTIES.
THE4MILTONS
Refined Muiscal Artists.
SIG. ANTONIO VARGAS
Renowned Barytone.
Last Week of the Queen of Coon Songstresses,
QUERITA VINCENT
In New Songs and Dances. The Hit of the Year.
AND FIFTEEN STRONG SPECIALTIES.
ADMISSION. FREE! ~ MATINEE SCNDAT.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OP* THE MARKETS.
Shipment of 573.G51 to China.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat unsettled.
Barley futures recovered. .
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Less weakness In Hay.
Bran lower. Middlings unchanged.
l!pans and Seeds as before.
Potatoes and Onions still declining.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter easy. E^gs (Inner.
Poultry firm. Game dull.
Strawberries in larger receipt.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Some changes in Provisions.
Hides. Tnllow and Wool us before.
. Beef firm. Pork steadier.
Sugar marked down.
Oils unchanged.
Increased receipts of Coal.
TREASURE SHIPMENT
The Doric too* out a treasure list of ?7?..' ;
consisting o£ $11,576 In Mexican dollars, $I*ls
In gold coin. $sS,ooo'in silver bullion and $2500
in 'Guatemalan ;-..■!■ coin.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says: There is
rather more doing in raisins with the West,
but* insufficient so far as to cause any mate
rial change in the market. It Is noted, how
ever, that there is a firmer feeling on inside
prico?, and some holders think an advance Is
likely to occur at any time. Spot supplies of
two arid three crowns arc said to be small and
closely concentrated. There has been consid
erable inquiry from dealers in the West for
these two sizes, but little business results, be
cause of the different views as recards rices.
Bpbt stocks of other graaes are larger, but. as
a rule, arc moving out fairly well at unchanged
and firm prices. Ungraded cannot be bought
less than 4%c, ami yonie holders .i!.: an ad
vance .111 that figure. Sultanas are fiat. Valen
cia* meet no demand. London layers are not
wunu-d, and some holdors have shaded prices
in thu hope of currying out what stocks are In
Bifiht.
Prunes are steady, but under present condi
tion distribution is not large. There' is a prom
ising outlook, however, which indicates a pos
sible advance in tin' near future on the larger
sizt-s. Few larse-sized Oregons are left, and
prices art- held very stiff on what few are re
maining. Ther*> appears to be an improved de
mand for 70-SO's, oralas, and prices rule
steady on all -qualities. Larger sizes are about
tlrtn. and smaller ones show an upward ten
dency.
Other items of driwl fruit are steady at about
previous quotations, with holders confident of
improvement on practically all varieties.
GOVERNMENT MONEY IN SAN FRAN
CISCO.
,
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand March 31. ISK9, as follows:
United States notes $1.4"2
Trf\Tsury notes of I*9o 4.2."< iOO
National Bank notes 2,540 00
Gold certificates 305.300 00
Silver certificates £0.765 00
Gold coin 7.554.5522S
Standard silver dollars 16,280.074 00
Subsidiary silver coin 440.426 )>3
B.WI 0s
Total ;
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
in the month of March. 1899, were as follows:
Standard silver dollars $101.
Subsidiary silver ..•...........:.... 75.990
Total $176,000
RECEIPTS OF COAL.
Receipts of coal at this port during the first
three mont! of the year were 3K9.600 tons,
against 546.550 tons during the same time In
16*5.
WEATHKR RETORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat*. as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 31.07 2«..60
Rod luff 0.00 13.19 12.49
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.63
San Francisco 0."0 15. 38 7.56
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
S.-in Lulß r»w f pn O.PO 14. K2 6.06
Los Angeles 0.03 4.73 5. 25
San Diego 0.00 4.54 4.09
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
WEATHER CONDITIONS -AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Franrlsco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 47; mean. 56.
' The weather la generally clear over the Pa
cific slope and cloudy over the Rocky Mountain
region.
The pressure has fallen, except along the
British boundary, where it has risen.
The temperature has fallen along the south
ern coast fif California anil over Southern Ari
zona; elsewhere on the Pacific slope it has
risen.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer
weather In California Wednesday.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April .", 1599:
Northern California— Fair, warmer Wednes
day; fresh northwest wind.
. Pouthrrn California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
•west wind.
Nevada — Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Utah— Phmvers Wednesday.
Arizona — Partly cloudy Wednesday, with
Fhnwers in the mountains.
t-'an Franrlsco and vicinity— warmer
Wednesday; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 4.— Stock trading to-day
was very sensitive and moved Irregularly.
After a wild and high opening for many stocks
realization? of active Interests and depressing
efforts on the part of professionals tended to
produce recessions, particularly in the active
specialties, which of late have attained the
larcest advance. The traffic agreement between
Third Avenue and Manhattan produced a large
advance in both of those properties at the
■ opening. Third Avenue rising; 6 points and
Manhattan 3 points. This brought ' about ex
tensive realizing and the stocks ' gradually re
ceded. Third Avenue losing S on the day and
Manhattan half as much. Metropolitan lost
'3Vj, although at oho time it was down r>^ on
liquidation, induced by the combination of the
rival companies. Talk of brisker hostilities
In the trade war left Sugar 6 points down.
The suit to restrain Brooklyn Transit from
leasing a former rival traction company to
gether with realizing on Brooklyn Transit's
large advance caused the stock to ease off 3
points. The iron and steel shares ended Ir
regularly, with Federal Steel and American
\\ ire d.ywn :-hamly. International Paper lost
4 and Chicago (ins 3. Excepting the Coalers,
which rose in s»me oases materially, the gen
eral railway list showed little changes the
Grangers Ivlng fractionally off. Among the
(Specialties t<> display strength were Rubber,
1 inflate. leather • preferred. Continental To
bacco and L :njj IMand. the two lust named
rising 1 and 4 points respectively.
All monty continued firm and raneed from
oto C, with "-' "' the business at the high !
(.sure. The dealings for the day exceeded a j
.million ires, and the market left off weak
not f;ir from the lowest.
General improvements resulted from to-day's
I'f.nTl operations. Total sales, J4.I?S,(kX) United
States old fours cunon advanced 4 the new
fours fft the fives and the old fours' registered
\ in the bid price.
The total 'sales of stocks to-day were 1 070 490
Fliarcs. including : Atchlson preferred '2.". 747
Hurllnyton 12.2 V"). Manhattan 140.M50. Metropoli
tan 33.100, Heading first preferred 40,200 Mis
souri Pacific 4ti,ti7fi, M. K. and T. preferred
7550, Northern Pacific 3550. Ontario and West
ern r^'! : - £ orth •.■-•.• -. :: , Rock Island
C..«. 0, I. nlon Pacific ,»&>. ITnlon Pacific preferred
10,223, ■-• Paul 14.420. American Steel and Wire
1.">,6.'.?».. Internationa; Pacilic 13,7i>0, Federal Steel
i'J.4SO. People's Gas 12.:<0o. Consolidated Gas
S3»". Colorado Fuel and Iron 1800, Brooklyn
. Transit lu.iW, Continental Tobacco 59 .S"o Pa
cific Mall 83.^,0. Sugar 45.2.A Tennessee Coal and
Iron 3Q.UIQ. United ' States Leather preferred
S«,6.V>, Hubber ."21S. Western Union 4650 Chi
cago G. W. 7900.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 21%, 8t L& S W .... ; M
Do prefd . 617*: Do prefd 241,
Baltimore A- Ohio. 72 :St Paul I? 7*
Canada Pacific $3% Do prefd ..... !"l7l •'*
Canada So SS-'i St P & Om .... " 36
Cent Pacific H i: 2J Do prefd 'l«*
Ches & Ohio 27',, So Pacific .... ~ 3Jl'
Chi t Alton 165 Bo Hallway .... 12s
Chi; U& Q- H3<4> D prefd ' -.' '
Chi & E 111 72 .Texan & Pac .. ->2K
Do prefd 123 .Union Pacific ... 47»r
Chi G W IGHI Do prefd ' bo
Chi !■:•! & I. «■'• U- P'D & Q..;. 12X4
Do prefd 43 Wnhash " gi!
Chi & X W ... i:,Slil Do prefd 24<i
Do jirefil -..I*2 Wheel &L E. nii
CCC* St L 5'J jDo rrefd .... 33
I)o prefd 96%j Express Companlea-
DeJ & Hudson ...117Vi Adams' Ex 110 •
Del. '■■ & W 17* American Ex ....140
nen & "■: G .... 22'i;fnlted States -.2
Do prefd 75 Wolls-Fargo 123
Erie new) .... 13U> Miscellaneous—
Do; Ist pref.l y, :A Cot Oil 36
F"rt Wayne ISO ; Do prefd 931,
tit Xor prefd 194 lAmer Spirits ..... 14-S,
Hocking Va! -.s^. n o prefd 3.1'»
Illinois Ont U6'i, Amer Tobacco ...225Vi
Lnke 3^r!e * \V... 19 Do prefd 142
Do prefd fi7 Cons Gas 202
Luke Shore ?00 Com Cable Co 181
Louis & Nash .... fiS'i Col F ft ron .... 37^
Manhattan L ....126i,4l Do prefd 36
Met Bt l:y ,258 (Gen Electric .....115
Mich Cent 113 iHaw Coml Co .... SO
Minn & St L 51% Brooklyn Transit.. 128% !
Do Ist prefd 99 International Ppr; 57V*
Mo Pacific .vi s Do pretd 84
Mobile & Ohio .... 14 Laelede Gas 55
Mo. X & T. ....... M 'Lead 83%
i Do prefd 40%r Do prefd 112"i
i N J Central 120V.:Nat Lin Oil 5% I
NY Central 140-fc I Pacific Mall 51**
N Y. Chi & St L.. 14 People 1 a Gas 127^ I
Do -st prefd 63 .Pullman Pal 161
Do 2d prefd S3 Silver Certificates. CO
I Nor West 1816 Stan Rbpe & T ID
No Amer Co B% Sugar I6fi%
No Pacific 51% Do prefd lit; '
Do prefd 78% ,T C A- Iron 69%
Ontario & W 27*; lU 8 Leather 7%
Or R * Nay, 10 ■ Do prefd 781* :
days prefd 70 U s Rubber 53',;
Or Short Line .... 41* ii Do prefd 117',
Pacific Coast pfd. SS West -Union '.-4',
Do 2d prefd ..... 62 Federal Steel 69\i
Pittsburg ISO I Do prefd '■•"'<
Reading 244 [Am S & W C 0.... 67 ! i
Do Ift prefd .... «6%l Do prefd 101
R i". W 3."i ."Pacific Coast 42 !
Do prefd 76% Colo So 6»i ;
Rock Inland 118H Do Ist prefd .... 54U
St L & 8 F ...... 11 V Do 2d prefd 21%
Do prefd 70% Con Too Co 56%
Do 2d prefd 39% Do prefd 59^
CLOSING H« >NDS.
V 8 3a 107% N V Cent Ist? ....114
r S new 4s, reg..l2!t*i.N .' Cent 6s 1,7 :: 4
Do coupon l."'", Nor Carolina t0.. 130
1' S 4s 112% Do 4s 108
■ Do coupon '. 114 No Pac Ist* IK
Do Ms 99% I Do 3s <<
US Sa. Reg l\'\ Do 4s 163
Do 5s coupon . .11:1-4 N V C & S I. 106%
District 3. 65s ....117 Nor & W6s 130 J
Ala. class A 100 Northwest™ cms 144 1
Do H 103 ' Do deb 5s 123
Do C 100 Or Nay Ist? 11l
Do .currency 100 Or Nay 4s 102U
Atehlson is ......lOli Or S Line fis, tr...l'.Sii
Do adj 4s «3>, Or S Line sb, tr.. 111*4
Can So ids lofi Reading 4s 53%
C & O 4%s 94'i.R (i \V Ists 97 .
Shicago T 4s '", 3 L & I: M c0n05.109%
C & Ohio 5s 11* E L& S F Gen 65.124 Vi
C, H & D 4%s .. .104% St P Con 1684
l> & R Ci Ists lWi St Paul C & P 15.121%
D A H Q 4s 101 1 Do os 22
; Bast Term Ist* ..105 Po Ry 5s 10S«
Erie Gen 4s 72 "i ! ; tan R & T 65.... 90%
F \V & D IMs, ir. renn new set 35.. 9S
Gen Elec 5s lI6VS rex Pac l G lets. 113
G II & S A ...HI Do re* 2ds 54
Do 2ds 110 Union Pac 4s ....105V*
H & T csa 112 I" P D & Gulf Is. 92
Do con 6s 110 Wahnsh Ist 6a ....U«
lowa C lsts 109VJ 1 Do 'Ms 96%
l.a new cons 4s ..1O»% W Shore 4s IH'«
L & N T'ni 4s %'* Va Centuries M l .,
Mo pfd con 6s ..IT'", 1 Do deferred '''■■
M. X & T 2ds MVtjWis Cent Ists .... 6S'i
Do 4s 93 'Colo So 4s vti\
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ..'...; 35 Ontario 6 75
Crown Point .... 27 Ophlr 105
Con ''Hi A Va 2 00 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 85 Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry.... 45' do pref 700
Hale A Nnrcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 120
Homeatake .55 00 Standard 2 35
I Iron Silver Si Union Con 60
1 Mexican 70 Yellow Jacket .... 26
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent ll 1 *
Call loans 3<??4 Ed Elec Tel 202
Time loans 3V>(ir4y> Atch pref 81%
Stocks— I Bonds—
AT*:- St Fe 21* Atch 4s 100
Am Sugar lf»6*ii | Mining shares —
'• do pref 117% Allnuez Mm C 0.... T' 7 ,
Bell Telephone ...355 ! Atlantic 33%
Post & Albany.. 2."3 Host at Mont 3«5
i Host A Maine 175 Butti & Bost K7»i
Host & L -. :■' . Calumet A Hec..840
C n & Q 143% Centennial 464
Fltchburg 120 Franklin 26%,
Gen Electric 115 .Old Dominion 4." =
Fed Steel 69% Osceola 94
do pref 90% Qulncy 170
Mexican Cent — 10% Tamarack 240
Old Colony 202 Wolverine 46%
brier 53 iParrott 57
Union Pac 47*« i Humboldt 2%
West End 93% I Adventure 14%
do pref 113 Union Land 17%
; West'ghouse Elec. 4' I
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 4. The Commercial Ad
vertisers London financial cablegram says:
There was a holiday feeling in the markets
here to-day, but the tone was furnished by
the accumulation of small Y>uylng orders. The
market became easier later. Thursday's hank
statement is not liked. Americans began bard,
but In the absence of business eased off. New
York came weak, except for Wabash, and the
cicse was uninteresting.
Spanish fours were ' •'■« points on rumors of
. a tax on the mineral coupons. The externals
1 will probably be exempt to propitiate French
support. Copper spurted £2. Tim ma>le a
fresh record of 41 s *. Anacondas were 9%; Utahs,
9; Bostons, 2 1-16.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 84%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 80%; Union Pacific preferred, [.3%; Grand
Trunk, &%; bar silver, btea ii%u; m.r.ey, 114
(g2 I'er cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22.370 barrels; exports, 9142. Dull and easier.
WHEAT— Reos)i>ts, lo.C'W bushels; exports,
39.431. Spot dull; No. 1 red, BOV4C, f. 0. b.
afloat. ' ■j'-'.'-.y
Options weak on cable news, foreign selling
and better home crop conditions. the crowd
, oversold, however, and in the last hour cov
ered shorts on news of high Northwest mar
kets, leaving the final ' tone firmer. although
H<s%c below last night Seaboard clearanjes
and export trade were small. May, 75H»76'ic-.
closed 76V 4 c; July. ~i : t'n 7.', l.">-l> ■■■. closed 7i ; >«c;
September, 72^g74%c, closed 73} B e.
HOPS Quiet
HIDES Steady
WOOL-Dull.
METALS— Spelter and tin were the center of
attraction on the market and snowed a greater
degree of activity than the other departments.
Copper held firm on pressing demand and
scarcity of spot goods The n<nvs from abroad
and the West was practically as expected and
cut little figure as an Influence. At the close
the Metal Exchange '-ailed:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull at Jli 1 50; nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Firm at $18.
TIN— Firm, with $24 25 bid and $21 37 asked.
LEAD— DuII at $4 35.
SPELTER— Firm, with $6 50 bid and $6 60
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 15 and for
copper lS'if 18% c.
COFFEE Options closed steady and un
changed to five points lower. Sales, is.. : bags.
Including: May, 05; June. $5 10; July, $5 15;
August $5 25: September, (5 35; November,
$9 60; December, $5 65; February, $5 75.
Spot Coffee— Rio, inactive; >To. 7 invoice,
6 1-16 c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 9-16 c; Mild, quiet; Cor
dova. SWl4c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong, tending upward. Fair
refining. 3 15-l«c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 7-16.-;
molasses sugar, 3 13-16 c. Refined, firm and
active.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9782. Steady; Western
creamery, 17<g21%c: Elglns, 25% c; factory, 12®
14c. '
EGGS— Receipts, 17,897. j Steady at decline;
Western, 12%©lSc; Southern. 12ii©12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 4.— California dried fruits.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, .7£ffSi4c:
EVAPOHATET) APPI/ES— Common, .'f:^^;
prime wire tray, S%@S?4c; choice. 9@9',ic;
fancy, <>\'a\^r.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13<glic; Moorpark, 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9®llc; peeled, 25@2Sc.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
SOUTHERN EUROPEAN CROPS.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The Journal of Com
merce says: Reports of damage to growing
crops In' Southern Europe by unfavorable
weather are beginning to arrive. The trade
j here has learned to expect them and put their
own valuation upon statements emanating In
' almost all Instances from interested parties.
j In very many Instances these early" reports ore
! almost wholly discredited by later Develop
I ments, and consequently holders here do not
seem to be much disturbed over the prospect
Of pi shortage In the output this year of such
fruits and nuts ac have not already been dis
placed In the American market.- by cheaper
California products. Latest advices of crop
damage come from Greece in connection with
currants, but they are rather vague. assign
ing no' cause for "unfavorable crop conditions."
Handlers of currants here are at a .loss to un
derstand just what influences at this early day
can be affecting crop •prospects, as vines are
only just beginning to bud.
There Is little doubt that the almond crop of
France suffered considerable damage through
j recent frosts, but that It will be a total loss,
as some reports Indicate, the trade Is not ap
parently " disposed to believe until more defi
nite Information Is received. From Tarragona.
also, come cables re.porting that that crop has
been seriously injured, and according to one
shipper it will prove a total loss. As the ship
per referred to ie understood to be carrying
Borne stock from the last crop, his statement. It
is thought, may have Interested motives behind
It. Sicily mall advices Just received are to the
effect that while some injury has been done
to the almond crop In certain sections, the
outlook is for an average, output. No reports
of damage to the Barl or Malaga crops have
so far been received.
' I CHICAGO, April 4.— Trade in cattle to-day
• CHICAGO. April 4.— Trade in cnt'l* tO-day
; wbs slow with , prices barely steady. Fancy
! cattle. $5 70^5 90: choice steers, J." 35@5 65; me
dium, Is 4 75@4 95; stockers and feeders. $3 60@ !
JSS; bulls. $2 70@4 10: cows and heifers, $3 40® :
4 75; Western fed steers. $4 60@5 50; Texas
steers. $4 2>>'&s 10; calves. $4@7.
Hogs ruled 2%©5 c higher. Fair to choice
$3 $04*3 95: heavy packing lots, $3 fiof?3 80:
mixed. S3 67%5?357%; butchers, $3 70Q-3
light, S3 77%^357%; pigs. $3 65917!
Business In sheep was brisk at steady prices. i
Lambs ruled weak, hut. »iuotab!y lower.
Poor to prime sheep, $3 BOW 5; yearling, $4 750
0 15; Colorado wooled lambs. $5 75@S 93; shorn,
$3 754] S 25.
Receipts-Cattle, 20,000; hogs, . 15.000; sheep.
11,000.
BOSTON WOOL - MARKET.
BOSTON, April 4.— Tho wool market here_
THE SAN .FTtANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APEII, 5, 1899.
shows more steadiness than ' last week and
sales reported show an increase. The depres
| sion caused by the combination scares has re
] sulted In forcing prices downward, so that pur-
I chases in territory wool can now be made at
| fully two tier cent per pound for scoured lower
( than during February. For fine medium and
fine the scoured price Is 40c. • *
Australian wools are In slow demand, but
held about steady. Territory wools: Montana —
Fine medium and fine. 12@15c; scoured, 40c;
staple, 45c. Utah, Wyoming, etc.— medium
j and fine. 12igl5e; scoured, 40c: staple, 44@4»c.
. Australian, scoured Combing, superfine,
70<§72c; good, 65(565c; average, 62@65c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
j Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
: Minneapolis 354.240 - 65,570
I Duluth ■. 114,344 1.365.
Milwaukee 67,200 8,400
Chicago
Toledo 11,531 8,000
i St. Louis
i Detroit 10,612 ' ■
Kansas City •
Totals
Tidewater— '
Boston »
New York 39,431
, Philadelphia 9.752 4,761
Baltimore 1H.4K9 ■
New Orleans 19,689
I Galveston 41,412
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— . [■, ,';.-, May. July.
i Opening 5 5% 3 5Vi
Closing , 5 5 5 4%
]■ PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug.
: Opening 43 10 43 65
; Closing 42 90 43 40
Wheat-
Opening 2105 20 95
Closing .20 90 20 90 |
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 4.— Clearings, $246.
--457; balances, $59,239.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 4.— Locally there
was no much that was Interesting In the
wheat market to-day, although reports from
the interior were to the effect that some buyers
were paying equivalent to 58% c for Walla
Walla on track in Portland. This was half a i
I cent better than was openly quoted by buyers I
• in this city, but 58c was paid for Walla Walla !
| and 60c for valley. Blue stem is not wanted '
. very much at present and with difficulty could L
be worked off at not to exceed 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. April WHEAT— CIub,
58c; blue stem, file.
■ FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April 4.— Consols. 110 11-16; silver, I
I 27 ; 2 d; French rentes, 102f; wheat cargoes off j
I coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, quiet, i
I less disposition to buy; English country mar- i
I kets, quiet: wheat and flour on passage to i
United Kingdom. 3,330,000; wheat and flour on j
passage to Continent. 1.410.000.
LIVER] April 4.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, auiet; flour in Paris, dull; French
I country markets, quiet; weather in England,
' unsettled. ,*■ • •
COTTON— Uplands, 3?id.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; May, 5s sd;
July, Bs 4'a.l. Spot, steady; No. 1 red Northern
1 spring, 6s.
1 CORN Spot, quiet: American mixed new, 3s
i 6rt. Futures, \ii«-t. April, 3s 4%d; May, 8b 4»id;
j July, 3s 4-% d.
Receipts of wheat since last report, 544,000
centals,. Including 102,000 American.
Receipts of American corn since last report
307.C00 centals. Weather unsettled.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION*.
I Sterling Exchange, 60 days..'. — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange. Bight — 4 87
! Sterling Cables : — 4-*
I New York Exchange, sight — 15
j New York Exchange, telegraph — 174
j Fine Silver, per ounce — SS-\
I Mexican Dollars — 4S®4s4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet at rate? long '
! quoted. The chartered Wheat fleet in port
] has a registered tonnage of 1997, ngain!>t 18.970
! tons on the same date last year; disengaged.
' 35. WO tons, against 12,700; on the way to this
I port, 174,100, against MM, 700.
i WHEAT— The Spot market was weak at a
( fractional decline. Futures opened lower, hut
! subsequently re-covered. There was consid«»r
--i able activity on pall.
! Spot Whe;»t— Shipping, SI (tori's \ 08%; milling.
I $1 U'Cal 15
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — May— l2,ooo
ctls. »1 06; 6000, il I6H; 2000, JIMI4; * r **>. -i 06%;
, December— »Wo, 41 10; 2000. $1 ■",. 1600, Jl 10%;
; 6000. n wu;
! Sec-.'Sict .Session— December- iOOO' ctls. ?1 11 »4;
! 6>>)o. Jill; May— l2,ooo. $1 <■':•-,; 22.000, a 07H:
I 4i)ift, $1 (7%: 6<io, »1 (6'i; .., co, >i 1,7
i Utßiilar Morning Session— ]>■< mh :■ ■'■■ ctls,
! $1 ll' ft ; 10. i ml. (1 11> 4 . May— tiW.o. 51 07; 4000,
: ,-i 07*. -•-/.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $; A T'-.;
1 rM, $i 07; 1 i raber 2000, II 11; 6cOO. $1 ll'».
BARLEY— There was quite a recovery in fu-
I tines, but the yy.ot market was quoted weak
and dull with more sellers than buyers.
Feed, $1 12V4®1 15: Brewing, $l 174@1 22%
per • 1 1 . . • ,';■;:.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock— Seller '99, new
— 2WO ctls. S4c; 2tf;o, M  . 4000. S4> c; 2000, 84% c;
2000, 84%< . 9 UO, S4%c.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 4ooo ctts,
i SS'/ie; 6000, 85% c; 2000. Ss?ic; 200-1, S3Uc; 10,000.
i -sr.»»c.
Regular Morning Session— '99, new—
I 4000 •Is, 85% c; 2000. Ss*ie; 12,000, 86c; 12,000,
sr> 7 ic- 16,000. 86Hc; 4000, S5Hc; December— Booo.
E9%c; 2000, 89% c; 8000, 90c.
Afternoon Session—Seller '39, new— 2ooo ctls.
i f-6'ic; 6000, »6Vkc; 10.0 CO, S6c; December— 2ooo,
Wi«-ic: 20C0, BOc.
OATS— Prices remain unchanged, with a quiet
and well-supplied market.
Fancy Feed, $1 42V" 145 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37' : t,i 40; common. $1 324-31 33; Sur
prise. $1 45@] 51 . Gray. $1 32^«1 374; Milling;.
$1 40@l 42'» per ctl; Red, Jl 43Cgl 50; Black. $1 30
@1 40.
CORN"— There Is less offering, but the market
is dull and unchanged.
I Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large 'Yel
low, 51 12'i;' White, $1 I2V&&1 17> 2 ; mixed, $1 oi%
r a\ 10 per ctl; California White, nominal,
i <RYE— Continues dull and easy at $1 2 !gl 10
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The Ettrlckdale took out 7510 barrels Flour
to China. 0
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 R.'*?3 SO; Oregon and Washington,
J3fj3 65 per.bbl. ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol- I
! lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham ;
! Flour, $3 2 . per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
I per 100; Rico Flour. 47; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
! cream Cornmeal. $3 2.»; Oatmeal. {4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, J4 75; Hominy, $3 25^3 50; Buck
\ wheat Flour, J4(g4 25: .Cracked Wheat, $3 78; :
! Farina. J4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled !
Oats (barrels). t6 66®6.95; In sacks, |6 36#S 75;
i Fearl Barley, $5; Spilt Peas, J4 50; Green Peas,
j $5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEED&TUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were more reasonable and
there was less weakness in consequence. Deal
er* are of the opinion that the market will
right Itself In & few days if the flood from
j the country stops. A car of extra choice Wheat
sold up to JIK 75. Alfalfa gluts the market
' and Is still lower.
Bran continues to decline. Middlings are
> steady and unchanged.
BRAN— JI. . 51 917 per ton.
MIDDLINGS per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31^31 50; Job
bing, J32fl-32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. (28030 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 50
«J24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed
$19 ,20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $14 50@16 for
good to choice and $12 604f 13 50 for lower
grades; Wheat and Oat, 112915; Oat, $l'';!t
Island Barley, $12(813; Alfalfa. $7<7j9 50.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $12@13; Cheat
$10 50®ll 50; Grass Hay. $9 50@10 60; Oat, $11<&
IS; Clover, 19 60010 50; Timothy, per ton
STRAW— 3S@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beyond the decline In Llmas already noted
there have been no important changes In
Beans for a week. The market is quiet. Seeds
are an before.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 75if 1 $5: Small Whites
$2 1062 20; Large Whites, $1 So®l 90; Pinks'
$2 05(g2 15; Reds. $3 2553 35; Blackeye, $3 75®
3 85; Butters, $2 SCOI 60; Llmas. $3 40@3 50-
Pea, $2 25@2 50; ; Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 60 per
: Ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard.- $3 70@4 per ctl'
Yellow Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 15«"> 25:
Canary Seed. < -i-\c per lb; Alfalfa. BVi«9Uc :
Rape, 2U@2y*c; Hemp, 2«-i@3c: Timothy', i
©•54c.
DREID PEAS— Nlles, $1 65(gl 70; Green $20
2 30 per ctl. ' * "*.:
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1248 boxes Asparagus, 631 boxes
Rhubarb and 67 sacks Peas.
Potatoes and' Onions continue to decline and
the latter are particularly weak. Quotations
for Vegetables stand about the same, except
Asparagus, which is weaker.
POTATOES-$1 91 75 per ctl for Early Rose
$1 uOWI 66 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
I Marln Burbanks, $1 6001 65 per ctl; Oregon
$1 40JJ1 SO for seed and $1 60<Sl 75 for large-
Sweet Potatoes, $2 75 for MeYced; New Po
tatoes. 4Jj44c r*>r lb.
ONIONS— SO@9Oc per ctl, ■ outside quotation
for Oregon. ...-:.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $l«fl 60 per box
for No. 2, $1 75@2 for . No. 1 and $2 25 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 40<jf"5c per box for the general.
run and $l!jfl 25 for fancy; Green Peas 6@Bc;
. String Beans, 15c; Cabbage, SI 2531 50; To
matoes, $1 75@2 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant —
per lb: Garlic, 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per
lb; Dried Peppers, 10c: Green Peppers ;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack: Mushrooms, per
lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c@$l 50 per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The Poultry market Is firm, with moderate
stocks. Game Is dull.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@16c; live
Turkeys, lS@l4c for Gobblers and 14@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 BO®] 7.".; Goslings, $2 25 •
<S2 50; Ducks, |6@7 for old and $7<gß for young;
Hens, $5 o(K(J6 50; young Roosters, $7 50rg9; old
Roosters, $5@6; Fryers, $6 s*@7; Broilers, ■■••";
for large, $3!f?4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 504 75
per dozen for old and t-'(i- 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3ii3 50; White Geese,
75c®$l; Hare, Mc@sl; Rabbits, $1 50 tor Cotton
tails and $1 for small; English Snipe, $3 per
dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The wreck of the steamship Chllkat will de
prive this market of a large consignment of
Humboldt Butter. The market shows no
change, the feeling being: easy.
Contrary to general expectation Eggs are
firmer Instead of weaker after Easter, prin
cipally owing to light arrivals. The shortness
of store Kegs has led to a better demand for
ranch.
BUTTER—
creamery— Fancy creamery. 17@17%c; seconds,
16®16Hc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 15@16c; common
grades, 14c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll<?fll%c; old,
I 1" '•'-.•<•; Cream Cheddar. 12@12%c; Young |
America, 11%*i12%c; Eastern, i ! ' ■>'•/ ! to.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@18c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Strawberries came in more freely and were
weaker.
Oranges are In good supply and prices show
little change. Lemons and Limes are rather
weak than otherwise. Apples are steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 75c#$l 25 for common, $1 SO'fJl 75- per
box for No. 1 and 5232 7.0 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, 60@90c r>er drawer for small
and 25ig'50c for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS Oranges. $2 25^3 50
per box: Seedlings, 76c@$l 75; Mediterranean
Sweets $1 BO'S 2: Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common
and $2v/2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, ?4'£i4 50; California Limes. 75c<!j51 per
small box; Grape Fruit. $1 50@3; Bananas, $1 50
02 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2f?4 60 per dozen. !
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
There Is nothing new, exoept rather more
firmness in Prunes, which may not amount to-
L anything.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. To for 40-50's. 5®
5%c for 50-60's, (■:; '■',.,• for 61 70's, B%®SV4c tor :
70-80' a 2>V'«3c for 80-90'p, 2>i'g'2^c for 90-100*8
and 2<g2 l ,ic for 100 ll'i's;" Peaches, m, -./■.■!_.. ■ for
good to choice, ioc for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, 12%<§'loc for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. B%@9c; sun
dried, B(@sVic; Black Figs, sacks. 2'?<2 1 .;e;
Plums, nominal, 2c for unpitted; Pears, nomi- i
nal.
RAISIN'S— 35ic for two-crown. 4& c for three-
I crown, :.\t- for four-crown, 4Vs4?6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless. Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lt>; Walnut*. s@Bc
for hardshell, lftfflllc for Fnftsht-11: Almonds,
?(S9c for hardshell. 12fi130 for softshell. 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6®»c for Eastern and
4%<j?*c for California: Coooanuts. $4 WWa.
HONEY— Comb. lO^Mlc tor bright and RijWc
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7' 4
<57% c: light amber extracted, 7c; dark, u(go%c
per I.
BEESWAX— 2S^27O per TV
PROVISIONS.
There are some changes. Peef and Pork
products are generally firm, except Bacdn,
which is easy Lard Is firm
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per !b for heavy,
S^-53c for light medium. 10%<gllc for light.
12c for extra light, and 12%f?13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ir>%©llc; Califor- i
nia Han.'. V- ; MVss Beef, 513 ppr bhl; extra
Mr-ss B ■■■■. *14; Family Beef. $15@15 60; extra
rrimp Pork; $12: extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Her-f. He per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at ",'.,^:.v P°r lb for
compound and 7 1; 3 ie for pure; h-iif barrels,
j pure. Sc; 10-In tins, BHc: 5-lb tins. S^c. ;
COTTOLENE — Tien fi-V« C'ic ; packages, ]
less than SOO lbs. l-lb palls. 60 in a case. HUo;
3-lb pails. 20 in a cse, S%c: 5-lb pails. 12 in I
a ca«e, S%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. R»«c; 50-lb j
tins, I or - in ,i case. 7 T *f"; wooden buckets, 20
Iba net, SUe; fancy tubs, SO lbs net. 7 r sc: half-
Mrrels, -about 110 lbx. T^c. :
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL, AND .HOPS.
There is nothing new except the advance In I
Tallow already noted Woel continues m'tion- !
less nnd Hides are quiet. i
V HIDES AND SKINS ■■nils and brands sell I
aN>m lc under the quotations. Heavy Raited j
stPprs, mc; med-um. B< ; light. S^iijc: Cow- |
i hides. SUWOo; Slags. 6c: Salted Kip, 9c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands, j
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
j Sheepskin!", shparllngs. lf"fr3oc each: short .
Wool, :vV./'".iv pach; medium. 70<3P0c: long Wool,
I WcntX 10 ea"h: Horse Hides, salt, $1 7.*f<i2 25
I for large and $1 for small; < olts. 25@SOc for
small. .
TALLOW -No. 1 rendered. ■''i' 1 per lb; No.
2, 3%c: refined, ."c; Grease. 2%e.
WOOlr— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months. :-.• ■ ■■. Foothill and Northern free. 10
I S?l2c; Foothill and Northern, defective, S^llc;
: Humboldt and Mcndocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 10
'■/ I2r; Eastern Oregon, I'"' l-' 1 ■
Fall Wools
j Humboldt and Mendocino.. .' 9 $11
Northern Mountain .'.7 (QlO
Southern 6 6 7%
Plains 6 7
HOPS— IW crop, lO@llc per lb tor ordinary, !
12-.. i:'-..i- for good and 13® 15c for choice to fancy !
from nr.-t hands. j
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, s<4c for June
■ and July; Wool Bags,' 2i;'r.' i"-. ; San Quentln j
Bass. 14 f15. .
COAL Wellington. ?8 per ton: New Welling- |
, ton. (8; South Held Wellington. $7 50; Seattle, |
$5; Bryant, $8; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50:
Scotch, J8; Cumberland, 18 in hulk and $9 25
in. sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, }S 50 per ton: Rock Spr.ngs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, .12 per ton in bulk and $14
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9^,c; Sisal. BHc; Duplex,
7Vic basis.
CANNED FRUITS Cheines, $1350160 for
black and $t'so@l 80 for white: Peaches, tl i'oifp
1 75; Pears. $1 45®1 50; April »1 ;;."'.;l 50;
Plums, 95c@$l 15.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas. ■:--'->'A 25;
Asparagus, $1 50®l 75; Tomatoes, 85@500.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 15®16c for prime
washed; 18$i@14c for good washed; 13Q1150 for
good to prime •■<■.:■ V peaberry; llpll'ac' for
I good peaberry; 1H4@14%C for good to prime; 10
fgllc nominal for good current mixed with
black beans; :■■/!!■ for fair; ■■....'-, for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— 10%@13c for good' to
prime washed: B®loc tor fair washed; 10%®
ll'Ac for Kood to prime washed peaberry; •</
B%c nominal for Buoerior unwashed; 7 a ic for
' good green unwashed; 9Viigloc for good to
! prime unwashed peaberry. Nicaragua— 7 a l .-jc
nominal for goo.i to superior unwashed; :'-.n
10c nominal for good to superior unwashed pea
berry. Guatemala and Mexican — tor
I prime fancy washed; 12!gl4>.ic for good to
strictly good washed; 9@10%0 for fair washed;
7@S%c for medium; 6@6%<3 for Inferior to or
dinary: I"',, !■_>.• for good- unwashed peaberry;
7*i'BSVsc for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH Bundles, .V v - per lb;
cases, selected, 4»ic per lb; cases, imitation
Eastern. r. l i,c per lb; boneless. s>;c per lb;
strips, ",-;...■ 7 ; per lb; blocks, 6%f/S%c per lb;
tablets, 714 c per lh: middles, 6«46>Si<ic per lb;'
desiccated, 87V4c per dozen; pickled cod, bar
rels, $7 73 each; pickled cod, half barrels, $4 25.
' LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 25@28c per lb;
Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, 23#25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light, 23@24c: Harness Leather,
heavy, 32@34c; Harness Leather, medium, 30@
32c; Harness Leather, light, 27'§r29c; Collar
Leather, 14$ 16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40®45c
per lb; Veal, finished, B0@5Bc; Calf, finished,
75c® Jl: Sides, finished, 16i,t17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits. 14©16 c; Rough Splits. 8010 c.
OlL— California Cnstor Oil. cases, No. 1, 75c;
pure, SI 00; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled, 59c; j
raw, . r .7c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 4>i.'; cases, 5c
more: China Nut. 43@55c per gallon; Pure !
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, Tile; cases, 55c; Sperm, i
crude, 6(Tc; natural white, 40c; bleached white
42V>c; Whale Oil. natural white, 37 ! L ,-. bleached
white, 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 25®1 35 per gallon; wagon
colors. $2(f|2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12iAc per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 17' L .c; Astral Oil,
17V4c: Star Oil, 17% c; Extra Star Oil, 21',jc- ]
Elaine Oil, 22' 7 c: Eocene Oil, 19'i-c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15% c; in cases, 21c-
Benzine, in bulk. 15c; cases, 20c; SG-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 21c; in cases, 2tic.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, fis, 16 oz
SV*c; 6s. 14 oz, 7Vic; 6s, 12 oz. ti l -.-; 6s, 10 oz.
DV-c: Us, 12 oz. 7' 4 c; Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz. 9'ic: 6s, 14 oz. SVic: 6s, 12 oz, 7"4 c; 6s,
10 oz, 6%c; Paraffine Wax Candles— Is, 2s. 4s,
6s. white. 9' 2 c: 12s, 10% c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6© 7 c per lb.
TURPENTINE— in cases, 61c; In Iron barrels,
56c: In wooden barrels, nSc per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 54c; raw, barrels,
62c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— Is lower. Th» Western Sugar Re
fining Company quotes, terms net cash: Cube,
Crushed and Fine crushed. SKc; Powdered,
r.i,. •; Candy Granulated. :,\r; Dry Granulated.
Be; Confectioners' A. Be; California A. 4%c;
Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4^c; Golden C,
4\c; half barrels, V more than barrels, and
boxes l -sc more; Bags, l-160 less. No order
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15ij?lS; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14*315 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 200! 50: Pickets. $14 : Shingles,
$1 30 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15.
<82i.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs ar« steadier under lighter arrivals,, and
packers think there ' may be a slight recovery.
Beef is firm at the advance already noted. The
other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7H®BHc l'<"r lb.
VEAI — Large, 7 C ; small. 7 1 t>;SSc per lb. ■
MUTTON— Wethers. 7 1 «.«f(Sc: Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. IO@IIC per Ib.
PORK -Live Hops, 5c for small, .^.".^o ''or
medium and 4H@4%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4<fi4>?c; dressed Hogs, ti 1 -^ "V2C
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, April 4.
Flour, qr sks ... 4,155 1 Straw, tons 14
Wheat, ctls 720 Pelts, bdls 199
Barley, ctls L 260 1 Hides, No 461
Rye ctls SOOiEggs, doz 19,9*0
Cheese, ctls 42;Quieksilver, flsks 125
Butter, ctls 205 Leather, rolls ... 64
Beans, sks 903 Wine, gals 72,650
Potatoes, sks ... 1.021 Wool, bales 145
Onions, sks 850 Lime, bbls 91
Bran, sks I. l « ■<> i Sugar, sks 3,410
Middlings, sks .. 2>i Sugar, bbls 2:i2
Hay, tons 204 !
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 800 Potatoes, sks .'.. 2^5
C>ats, ctls 7£o Onions, sks 560
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were very interesting yes
terday. The action of the Supervisors In re
ducing the price of fcas to $1 10 threw Gas
and Electric into such shape that the call of
the stock was waived on the Bond Exchange
; until the afternoon, when it sold at $71@72.
I Los Angeles Railway 5s broke from $106 75 to
I $104 50. Equitable Gas sold down to $3 37 l
Mining stocks were quiet and weaker as a
rule. The telegram from the pump was as
follows: ' "Water 119 feet 10 inches below the
1750-foot level and still going down. Elevator
working smoothly."
M. W. Fox, president of the Hale & Nor
cross Mining Company, received a letter from
Superintendent Joseph R. Ryan, stating that
up to 3 p. m. Monday the water in the Hale
A: Norcross incline; over half a mile distant
from the C. and C. shaft, had lowered 2i'. 2
inches since .pumping began, and that the
water in the Chollar shaft was also going down
in proportion.
Bullion is assessed 5 cents.
■ The Confidence Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 20 cents per share.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Chal- i
lenge Consolidated Mining Company will be
held to-day. ■ ,
In the bond room of the San Francisco Stock
Exchange 1""' of the 5 per cent cut bonds
of the California-street Cable Company sold
at 116, and 30 shares of Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation at"3lVi-
The Ruby Hill Tunnel and Mining Company
of Eureka. N%v., has elected the following
directors for 1899: P. H. HJul. M. B. Bartlett,
; Abram Laird, Maurice Hartnett, C. L. "Broy.
The mines of Eureka district, Nevada,
shipped the following amounts of ore for the
week endjng March 31: Diamond, 65,270
pounds; Eureka Con., 172 340; Jackson, 63,980;
I Silver West, 42.640.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Cadmus Gold Mining Company has been called
for May 31. to vote upon a proposition to
, diminish the capital stock from $10,000,000.
divided Into 100,000 shares of the par value of
$100 each, to $2C0,0f10. divided into 100,000
! shares of the par value of $2 each.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 4—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. , Bid Ark.
Bends— j Equit G L Co. S& 9
4s quar ccup..113<4114 'Mutual El Co. 15 15
♦* ciuar rep... — -- Oakland Gas.. — 49
4s quar new.. — 129 Pac Gas Imp. 70 75
3s quar coup.. — 105>,4 Pac LCO — — ■
Miscellaneous— 8 F G &E.... 71% 71%
Cal-st Cab a 5 .116 — San Fran — —
ml Kie<- 1. n» iv 'i1271t Stockton Gas.. — —
j C C Wat 65... .1084 — . insurance—
i"i| HI ex c... — — Flrem's Fund.22o 225
E L & P 65.. 131 — Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry hs.llii — Anglo-Cal .... «5 —
1 Geary-Rt It us. — 'J8 . Bank of Ca1..257 — j
H C & S sVis. - 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 — I
IL A LCo 6s. — — Virst Nation!. 22') 22*
Do gntd 65. .101 — Lon P & A.. .13014132%
1L A Rof Ca1. 105 108 Mer Exchange — i*
MHrkft-sl ■■- I.'- — Nev Nat 8k..152V4 —
Do Ist M 85.116 — 1 Savings Banks—
NC:%\l It ..-.1.. — Her S & L... — 1675 j
I N Xv < - nl tis..n ••-•iIMV; Hum S & L.1050 1160 1
I N Ry Cal ss. 110% — Mutual Say. — 41%
'Nl'C It X 6a. - 107 S F Say U.. 500 —
I n rCr. r ris.n :v» - S & L 50.... — 101
i N Cal R R 58.103 — Securit S B. 300 S'-n
Oak (•>••* i* '•" — Union T C 0... — 1500]
Om C Ry 65...1ir.H — Street 'Railroads—
PftCl Ry 65.. - 103 California 112/4115 i
P ,\- O >is UJ — Geary **
Powell-st 65... - 121% Market-st .... 61U 64%
Pif El Rv ?•«. - — "ak SL& H. — —
BF*N P"= U3H — Presidio 12 —
! s F .-.- S JVse.lll'4 — ! Powder—
. p<»r7RßCnl e».n>i-.i«'U California .... — 200
I B P of Ar 6?. 112 n2'i V. Dvnamlt»... — ■ 102%
I S PC 6s (19OS>11OV4 — Giant Con Co. 61*4 —
iSp CBs (19C6) —. — Vigorit 2% 2%
! B PC fa «1012) — - PiiKa'-
SY r eg 6S.WS — ,Hana P C 0.... 17% 17\
! .- p [•.: ■-■ ..122U — Haw C&6 C. 86^1 56«4
Ip V Water «5.116%117 Hutch S P Co. 31% 31%
' s V Wat« 45.1"-("> PaauhauS P. 39 30%
B V W4s(3dm).mi%lo2 M"=cet!nnpou-—
stktn Gas ts.. — 104 Al Pac Assn..llo%llo*i
Water Stocks- 'Jer Ld Wks. ...'.Su —
Contra Costa.. KM 66% Me- Ex \s«n.. «n -
M lr |n 10 m. Oceanic S Co.. 73% 74
Spring Valley. 102^103% Pa.- A F A.... 1% —
Gas and Electric—' Par C Bor C 0.106. 106 US
CanUal On*... — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P... 7% «
Mornine Session.
§ Board—
40 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
5 Bank of California 257 00
25 Contra Corta Water 66 00
12"i Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
200 Hawaiian Commercial and Svgar — S6 25
205 Hiitchinson B 1* Co 3150
$ 8,(100 Los Angeles Ry .is Bonds 106 50
I $10,nno Los Angeles Ry 5s Bonds 106 25
I 113,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Bonds ..106 00 .
$ 2.000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Bonds 105 87%
$ 5, 000 Los Angeles Ry .'s Bonds 105 50
$ 3,000 Los Angeles Ry .'..- Bonds 105 00
$ 2 000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Bonds 104 50
115,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Bonds 104 87%
'$ 1 000 Los Angeles Ry .is Bonds 104 7",
$ 1,000 Market-si Cable 6s Bonds 128 00
I ■'■ Market st Ry Con 5s Bonds 116 25.
$ 1,000 Market-st Ry Con 5s Bonds 116 12%
$ 5,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s- 80nd5.... 110 50
165 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
35 Paauhau S P Co 39 12%
$1 000 S F and N P Ry Bonds ...113 25
15 Spring; Valley Water 102 25.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 66 25
40 Equitable Gas 8 62%
.-.0 Equitable Gas 8 75
35 Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
260 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 2.?
25 Hutchlnson s p Co 31 50
10 Market-street Railway 64 75
100 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
20 Mutual Electric Light 15 37%
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 73 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 50
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 72 00
50 s F Gas * Electric Co 71 50
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 3 , 71 00
20 B F Gas & Electric Co. b 3 71 12%
33"! S F Gas & Electric Co 71 00
$2,000 S F & s .1 Valley Bonds 114 50
20 Spring Valley Water 102 50
,
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning; Session.
80 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
25 Contra Costa Water 66 00
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 74 50
$2,000 s V & S .1 V Ry 5s Bonds 115 00
Afternoon Session.
75 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
45 Hana Plantation Co 17 37%
40 Paauhau S P Co 39 37%
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 3150
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninz Session.
600 Andes 21 'inn Mexican 78
100 Belcher 47 r.OO Ophir 120
; 100 Best & Belcher. 62 100 Potosl .; 3."
200 Best & Belcher. 61 300 Savage 33
100 Con Cal & Va.. 2 25 200 Savage 34
i 800 Con Cal & Va..2 20 1100 Seg Belcher ... 07
100 Crown Point ... 31 200 Sierra Nevada.. 130
; 800 Gould & Curry. . 47 400 Union Con 65
j 100 Justice •• 23.100 Yellow Jacket... 31
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 19 too Justice 23
200 Alpha ....r...:.. 07 600 Kentuck 06
SOO Best & Belcher. 59 C 25 Mexican 75
, son Belcher • 44 625 Mexican 74
100 Bullion , 04 400Ophlr 1 05
400 Con Cal & Va..2 15 (SO Overman 19
400 Con Cal & Va.. 2 10 250 Overman is
100 Chollar 35 fno Potosi 31
Chollar .'......;.. 341 50 Sierra Nevada.. .l 20
I 800 Crown Point ... 27 600 Seg. Belcher ... 06
, 300 Crown Point ... 23 350 Savage 33
100 Caledonia 41,350 Savage .; 32
200 Challenge ....... 40 550 Union Con 60
200 Gould & Curry.. 46 250 Union Con 58
200 Gould & Curry.. 45 1 150 Yellow Jacket .. 27
JSO Hale & Norcrss. 37 450 Yellow Jacket.. 26
150 Hale & Norcrss. 35'
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: .
Moraine Session.
700 Andes 21 EM Kentuck 06
200 Andes ...'. 20 300 Mexican 79
f.'in Belcher 47 800 Mexican ....'.... so
f.OO Belcher 4ii 3no Mexican 78
200 Best & Belcher. 63 200 Occidental 31
500 Bullion 06 700 Ophlr 1 20
Caledonia 44 'MM Potosi ... ... 33
100 Chollar '.... 40,900 Savage 34
FOO Con Cal & Va. . 2 2..400 Sierra Nevada. .135
00 Con Cal & Va.. 2 20 200 Sierra Nev 1 32%
100 Gould & Curry.. 41 300 Sierra Nevada.. 10
200 Gould & Curry... 48 300 Union Con 64
300 Hale & Norcras. 37 300 Union C-.n : 65
: Justice : .'.'. 2r.'.v,i> Union Con .. 6"
I 200 Justice . 24 Y-m.-i-v Jacket .. SI
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha ....' 98' COO Justice . . 23
200 Belcher 1". 200 Mexican ..' 7:,
COO Best & Belcher. 59 400 MexlcaV 74
7l>o Best & Belcher. 58 700 Ophlr ....110
500 Bullion :. 0.1 COO Ophir ..........1 07%
800 Bullion 04 500 Overman i»
«0i) Caledonia 3:> 500 Potosl ... -32
tOO Con Cal & Va.. 2 15,400 Savage .' 33
200 Con Cal & V.2 12% 400 Sierra Nevada..
700 Con Cal & V 5. .2 loISOO Sierra Nev 122%
100 Gould & Curry.. 4-5400 Sierra Nevada.."! 20
100 Gould &. Curry.. 45 700 Union Con ...... 61
300 Gould 4 Curry.. 44 300 rtah .. 20
1300 Hale & Norcrs. 37:200 I tali ............ 19
500 Justice i 300 Yellow Jacket.. 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 4—2 p. m.
' Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask
Alpha 06 0J Julia — Oo
A l ta ... — » Justice 22 23
Andes"! IS 20 Kentuck 05 07
Belcher 43 44 Lady ash ... — 02
Best & Belcher. is 59 Mexican 73 74
Bullion 04 05 Occidental 29 -
Caledonia 40 41 Ophir 10d1 10
Chollar 35 86 Overman is 19
Challenge 40 41 Potosl 30 31
Confidence 90 1 00: Pa vase 34 3d
Con Cal & Va..2 10 215 Scorpion _ . 04 —
Con Imperial .. 02 03 Beg Belcher .. 06 07
Crown Point... 25 26 'sierra Nevada.l 20 1 2..
Con New York. 02 - Silver Hill .... — 05
East Sierra N. 02 —Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con ... — 50 Standard 230 2 -.
Exchequer — 04 Union Con 01 59
Gould & Curry. 45 '46 Vtah 19 21
Hale & Norcrss 36 38 I Yellow Jacket. 26 28
■;■' ":'■ ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
~ ~" Dellriqnt
Company. No. in the Day of Amt.
Board. , Sale.
Challenge 26 . .Mar. 12 .Apr. 5 05
Belcher 60 ..Mar. 14 ..Apr. 11 10
Overman 2 ..Mar. 24 . .Apr. IS 05
Occidental | 32 ..Apr. 7 ..May 1 10
Best & Belcher... 66 ..Apr. 7 ..May 2 10
Yellow Jacket.... 1 ..Apr. ..May 17 15
Occidental 32 I. .Apr. 7 ..May 1 10
Ophir 74 ..Apr. 6 ..May 1 15
Confidence 31 I. .May. ..May — 20
Bullion 54 ..May 4 ..May 29 05
■ ♦ ■
Cheese has been carefully tested by a
German chemist, who placed the samples
In an artificial digestive fluid containing
a considerable proportion of fresh gastric
juice. Cheshire and Roquefort cheese
took four hours to digest, Gorgonzola
eight hours, Romadour nine hours and
Brie, Swiss and ten other varieties ten
hours. As an ordinary meal is digested
in four or five hours, the 'common belief
that cheese aids digestion appears to be
erroneous.
■ ♦ ■
THE CALLS CALENDAR,
April, 1899.
iU .
.»
v
14
23
He
I
J.l
10
IT
14
Tu. ' We Th.
4 6 8
11 12 13
IS 19 !20
A Jl 127
Fr.
r
It
IT
I 28
Sa.
* 1
8
16
22
29
| /i*i New Moon.
I W Aprl 9.
-». First Quarter
9 Arrll 17.
©Full Moon,
April 25.
Moon's Phases.
*? Last Quarter,
m April 8.
81
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Uniteil States Hydrographle
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality arid
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tow e r of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 12flth meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Marc Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. V. S N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Const and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the .«iip»rlntendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at j
the rlty front (Mission-street wharf) about I
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point; I
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
[A
! ».'
un rlf-es 5:47
un sets 6:37
loon rises 2:43 a. in.
•3 (Time! ITimel ITimel ITimel
5 I '■ Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
-» |L Wl |H AV| L AVI ! H Wl
5 ...I 1:051 2.51 7:001 5.3 1:"*9 0.01 8.34. 5.3
6 ... 2:04 1.91 8:09 5.4 2:2? 0.3| 9:10] 5.6
7 ... 2:.*.'. 1.21 9:10 5.4 1:15 0.5 9:4« 5.8
8 ... 3:46 i.fi 10:08 5.4] 3:55| 0.91 10:20) 6.0
9 ... 4:31 0.2 11:00 5.41 4:34! 1.3 10:55 5.1
10 ... 5:14j ..0.2 It:»l 5.2 5:081 1.7 11:80| 6.2
IH W' -IL, wl H-WI I> Wl
It ...I 6:01-0.41 12:41! 5.0; 5:4S 2.1 1
12 ...| 6:01— n.4i 12:441 5.0] 5:4S| 2-' ! j
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the parly morning tHes ar» given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In th» order of occurrence as to time. The
F»ron<l time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides. a= sometimes occur. The heights
riven are addiitons to the soundings on the
t'niffl States Cr>ast Survey chart?, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth give*i by the charts. The plane of
re'rrence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
-"•learner. I -- rum. i _»uc.
"nrt.-ir (China and Japan lApl. 5
J .uth ICoos Bay Apr. 5
State of Cal Portland Apl. 6
<orth Fork IHumboldt Apl. 5
iVeeott [Coos Bay Apl. 5
S'ashtenaw |Tacoma Apl. 5
Peru (China and Japan Apl. .
*"ornna (San Diego Apl. 6
Poirtt Arena (Point Arena Apl. *
""zarlnn 'Seattle .-Apl. 6
'omona Humboldt lApl. 7
\reata Coos Bay Apl. 7
Mariposa Sydney !Apl. 7
.Valla Walla... 'Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 7
"irlzaba Newport Apl. 8
Mackinaw |Tacom<* I Apl. 8'
.oqulHe River. I Grays Harbor lApr. 9
X.. Blanchard.. Bay lApr. 9
.loha Point Arena iApr. 9
.lliance Portland (Apr. 9
■Pulton IPortland lApr. 9
"rescent City.. . (Crescent City lApl. 9
SVillamette .... Seattle |Apl. 9
rirlstol 'Departure Bay Apl. 9
Santa Rosa ....ISan Diego ]Apl. 10
Columbia IPortland Apl. 10
townsend |Cociullle River !Apr. 11
:ity of Rio IChlca and Japan lApl. 11
'an Jose Panama lApl. 11
'no. Pay Newport 'Apr. 12
Tmatllla I Victoria & Puget Sound! Apr. 12
PTEAMERS TO SAIL.
Australia ..IHonolulu lApl. 5, 2 pmiPier 7
Aloha IPoint Arena.. Apl. 5. 3pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport JApl. 6, ? am! Pier 11
Queen |Vlc & P*t Sd. Apl. 6, 10 amPier 9
Weeott lYaquina Pay.'Apl. 7. 5 pm'Pler 11
Curacao ...Mexico lApl. 7, 10 am' Pier 11
State Cal... Portland Apl. 8. 10 am I Pier 24
City SydneylPanama jArV 8. 12 mIPMSS
Corona .. .. I Pan Dief?o.....lApl. 8, It ami Pier 11
Pt. Arena*. Arena. .|Apl. 8, 3 pmiPier 2
Pomona IHumbldt — lApl. 9. 2pm I Pier 9
Areata Coos Bay Apl. 9. 10 ami Pier 13
Orizaba — INewport ! Apl. 10. 9 ami Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pfrt Sd.lApl. 11, 10 ami Pier 9
Santa RosalSan D1ef.0....1Ap1. 12. 11 am I Pier 11
Npp'n M'rulChina&JapanlApl. 12. 1 pmIPMSS
Columbia .. 'Portland |Apl. 13. 10 am I Pier 24
TIMK BALL.
Branch Hydrofjraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 5, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEMK.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 4.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, 5 days from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, "S hours from New
port iS). etc.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort i
Stewarts Point.
Bragg.
Stmr Scoria, Lundquist, 20 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Leelanaw. Storrs. 87 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Progreso, GUboy, 88 hours .from Seattle.
Bktn Uncle John, Murchlson, 12 days from
New Whatcom.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 20 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Sehr Archie and Fontle. Jensen. 12 hours from
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 4.
Nor bark Helols, Christiansen, Funta Arenas;
Williams. Dlmond & Co.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins A- Co..
Schr Premier. Wagner, Bristol Bay, via Red
fish Bay; Alaska Packers 'Association.
Whaling stmr Thrasher. Sherman, whaling;
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Br stmr Doric. Smith. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu: O & O 88 Co.
Stmr Mlneola. David. Nanaimo; Pacific Im
provement Co.
Schr Jos Rum, Peterson, Bants Rosalia; f
Santalller.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 4.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka. •
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Townsend. Hughes. Coquille River.
Stmr Cleone. Higßins. Crescent City.
Stmr Brunswick. Andressen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Nt whurg. Hnnsen. Grays Harbor.
Etmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. '
Stmr Crescent City. Stoekfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Newsboy, Kllefsen, Usal. with schr Ed
ward rarkp In tow.
Whaling stmr Thrasher. Sherman, whaling.
Br stmr Doric, Smith. Yokohama. H Tigkocg,
via Honolulu.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Nan.v.mo.
Bark <"nrond?let. Stetson. Port Gamble.
Hktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti.
Schr I>- r ia Sweasey, Topfer. Seattle.
Si hr Kmma Utter, Allen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary E Russ. Wikender. Grays Harbor.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, Usal, In tow
of stmr Newsboy.
Schr Nettie Sundberp, Johnson.
Bcnr Joseph Rufs. Peterson. Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 4. l n P m— Weather
hasty; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
< BARTERS.
Tin* Oceania Vance loads redwood at Eureka
>- DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed April 4— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 4 — Schr Corinthian, hence
April 1.
PORT TOWXSKXD— Arrived April 4— Br
stmr General Roberts, hence March 2; stmr
Walla Walla, .from Sound ports, for San Fran
cisco. April 3— Bktn Kureka, from Honolulu,
for Tncoma.
Sailed April 3— Rktn Klikitat. from Port Lud
low, for Honolulu; Br hark Kate F Troop, from
Port Blnkeley, for Guayaquil.
VEXTI'RA- Arrived April 4— Stmr Geo Loo
nils. hence April S; schr Volant, from Eureka.
Sailed April 4— Stmr Geo Loomis. for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed April 4— Br ship
Scottish Hills, for Calcutta.
KfHßKA— Sailed April 4- -Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco; stmr Hueneme. for .
PORT LOS ANGELES -Arrived April 4—
Pasadena, from Eureka, and sailed for .
OLYMPTA — Arrived April 4— Schr Ethel
Zane, from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived 4-sHmr Signal, from
Grays Harbor; pchr Webfoot. hence March 24.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 3— Schr
Jennie Thelin. h»nce March 24.
NEAH BAT Passed April % Nor stmr Tita
nla. from Port I/os Angeles, for Nanaimo.
April 4 — Br bark Inverne6s-shire, from Hlogo,
for Port Angeles.
ASTORIA-Arrived April 4— Sehr O M Kel
lorr, from Eureka: stmr Alliance, hence March
SI; ptmr Fulton, hence April 1.
SEATTLE-- Arrived April 3— Ship Occidental,
hence March 26.
Sailed April 4 Stmr Lartiada, for Dyea,
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— PaiW April 2— Stmr City of Para,
for San Francisco.
ACAPUL«'O— Arrived March 17— Nor bark
Recovery, from Newcastle, NSW.
COLON Arrived April I— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
r>EAL — Anchored off April 8 — Ger ship Theo
dor from London, for San Francisco.
PUNKlUK— Arrived Asrll 3-Br ship Holt
Hill, tmm Caleta Buena; Br ship Samaritan,
from <"a!eta Buena.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April I— Br bark Aus
tralia, from Tacoma.
KINBALE Passed April S— Br ship City of
Athens, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
HAMBURG Sailed April I— Br ship Saxdom
pn«. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 3— Br bark
Gulf Stream, from Oregon. April 4— Br Bhlp
of Athens, from OreKon.
YOKOHAMA Sailed April I— Br Btmr Glen
oele. for Tacoma.
HULL— Arrived April 3— Br bark Lord Kln
nalrd, from Oregon.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
UUXuLn lAAVXiU
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
l^i Steamers leave Broadway
fffk tl - wharf, San Francisco:
ISB jwW For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
fft£3?£jS»ss» Apr. 1. 6 - 11, 16 - 21. 26 > May 1;
IVK nSwSra change at Seattle.
SKSxgM^AI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^'SliKV'P'n.l Tacoma, Everett. Anaeortes
1 and New Whatcom (Wash ).
"* 10 a. m., Apr. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21.
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; nt Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Apr. 4.
9, 14, 19. 24. 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
I San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 2«,
30. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lulu Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. May 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanes
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).-
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Afrts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
PTCPATT'H FAST PTEAMER9 TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Cla.i* Including Berth*
rMML *8 Second Clan and Meal*.
Columbia sails March 14. 24: April 1, li, it.
State of California sails March 1». 23; April
8. 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butta.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW yORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12 (St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New York April 26 1 St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12 Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19 Friesland May 10
Kensington April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
-•" •' sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence.
Kotzebue Sound.
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steame*
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master. : — "J
Will Sail on or About May I.
For freight or passage apply to J
• ■ B. COGAN. 44 East st.
fMflßfaaynd- The S. S. Australia
itDnir Falls for Honolulu
•t**""* Wednesday. April 5.
id ™ _ at 2 p. m. -.:■'-.
OiiSV > 8. S. Martposa
r^lMHSnlD^ Ballß vla Honolulu
GJIWHIIJIIIL/ and Auckland for
(OHIBdIZM- Sydney Wednesday.
VvyillfJUltCj— Aprll 19 at 10 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues.
England, etc. : $610 first class.
j. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR.
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m. for
i YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling' at
Kobe (Hlogo) Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU , Wednesday, April 12
1 AMERICA MARU Saturday May «
i HONGKONG MARU Thursday June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COMPAONIE QENERALE TEANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ~^~'
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a, m
from Pier 42. North River, foot of J>Mf»jS
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. April 8: LA
BRETAGNE, April .15; LA TOURAINE. April
22; LA GASCOGNE. April 29; LA NORMAN-
DIE May 6. First class to Havre, $65 and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERA^ AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI &CO Pa-
cine Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., S. F.
BAY AND RlV^Jt STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ".Montlcello."
Mon.; Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9-45 ■»
m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a.' m.. 8 p ra
Landing and office. Mission-Bt. Dock. PlerNal
i 2. Telephone Main I 50«. *
1 FARE g^BOLLMAN HIS
ANOTHER FALL
AT OAKLAND
111 Luck Pursues the
Jockey.
ESCAPED WITH LIGHT BRUISES
HURDLE EVENT CAPTURED BY
THREE FORKS.
i Led a Big Bunch of Two- Year-
Olds Past the Wire — Three Fav
orites Defeated — Geyser
Gets a Purse.
| "hoodoo" still clings to Bullman.
; k< riding at
ack. in the la
day ho was thrown from the ba< k of the
by Mai k
he mix-up thi Istall
.
•• . The da
heavily backed down
fall was an exp
The distance was six
■ ■
in entry l<
iver the lint . v .
The rank d<
■was not with< ' the rirrp,
the !
th.> a X favorttea
The ■ ' H - Harri
son Jr., wj to 8 to
event de
ied a
• ilrd. Hen
■
bea.ting out
. .i neck.
irmonde, cap
unble for two
on. The hand
; choice In
■ eing fancit d >>\ er her.
- but at the
and, beaten out a
• , In a IVard
. Becured the show from
: lile ar.d a furlong hurdle af-
Forks with '".us Wilson on his
i streak of nl<i-time form,
finish in the fast.
tt, which
in the betting
• i. at the fourth jump, giving
' Ambrose a hard fall.
Wyoming
■ !ling run. he being
hamii to a to 4 to a.
mount, :
•r< teh, and drawing
won under restraint. Gauntlet
en for the place
Stamina, the second
■ kins race.
Corrigan's horse Geyser was welcomed
Lack in the fold in the fourth recital.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, April 4, 1899.— Sixty-third
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
<)<.>(} FIRS'] RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.jSt.
4m.
%m.
'ting.
Cl.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
ISO 6 Horatio, 5 112 4 ... 4h 3 1 ... In Hennessy .... 612
" ... Sl4 4 1 ... 214 Jones I 5 5
812 C. H. Harrison.' 3.'.'. 103 I ... 2 1 2 2 ... 33' Bullman".'.'.!'.'. ' 2 9-6
I ... 7 4 8 J ... 4 h [.P iwell I 4 6
9"S Highland Bali.' 'i.VV.lM S '.'.'. 9 1 7 2 ... 62* H01me5'....." *6 10
9 1 8.2 ... _ 2 [Holm. S 10
873 Aluminum, 4 106 6 ... 8 h 5 4 ... 7 1 J. Ward 30 60
_ h 6h ... 81 We tier
SS4 El 5a.ad0',"4.'. ! .'"._..i10 10 ... 11 10 1 ... 10 6 MackUn° ?. '.'.'.'. 6 12
El S ... 11 1" 1 ... 10 6 Macklin j 6 12
(896), G0v. Sheehan. a. ...112 7 ... 10 h 11 ... 11 W. Narvaez.. 30 15
(Devln I 20 30
) Tlme^-4, :244; 4. :4D; 4, 1.1.*. Winner, H. Dlmond's eh. h. by imp. Midlothlan-Lurllne.
Good start. Won fir»t three .'.riving.
Harrli has a broad streak of yellow running through his composition. Horatio won
on gameness. Lavator .was disgracefully ridden. Highland Ball equally so. El Salado
slumbers on.
Scratched— Sevoy '. -6, Tetrarch 109, Dicky Bird 85, Socialist 106, Charmante 93, Don Luis
106.
: 6
I 5
4
20
6
30
12
15
i 6
30
I 20
12
6
9-5
6
30
10
60
25
12
IS
30
QOI SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $100.
1
I Betting,
Op. Cl.
Index. ■ Horse. Weight. St.
I M - Orthia 107 5
(*6S) Morbid 110 1
,*9l) Sliver Tail 105 7
M 0 amora 110 9
£53 Catulus 95 8
ilil Alary's Garter 105 2
904 Tom Sharkey 95 6
933 Icedrop 107 10
763 Yantic 97, 3
>>23 Sir Hampton 9si 4
910 Artemis 95 11
Weight.
St.
4m.
4m.
4m.
4m.
4m.
2 4
1 1
4 1
7 2
5 4
3 2
6 1
9 10
10
8 4
11
4m.
Str.
14
2 2
3 h
6 4
5 4
4 2
7 -
8 «
9 2
10
11
Str.
Fin. [ Jockeys.
1 2- (Thorpe
I n Jones
3 ; ; Macklin
4 1 Bullman
5 h J. Relff
6 h Jenkins
7 1 Weber
815 W. Narvaez...
9 6 Belby
10 20 McNlchols ...
11 (Holmes
Fin.
3 16-5
5-2 11-5
6 8
3 18-5
20 7
1" 15
30 40
10 15
CO 150
12 80
100 150
. Time— 4, :244; 4. :4f-4. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. t. by imp. Ormonde-Muta.
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
firt:. seems to be a good one. Others were a rambling, shambling lot.
Scratched— l'alapa 95.
Fair
0()() THIRD RACE— and an eighth miles; four-year-olds and upward; over five
«-/_£_£• hurdles; puree. $400.
Iniex. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Std. ' m.
4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
'ting.
Cl
830 Three Forks, a 151 1 1
662 Col. Bartlett. 4 143, 2
915 Colonial Dame, 4... 141 6
811 Rossmore, a 151 5
867 University, a l"i 3
HI Joe Cotton, a... 151 4
1 3
2 1
3 2
6
i 4
4 2
________
1 8
2 1
4 6
6
5 10
» h
1 10
2 6
3 h
6
4 8
•
1 8
2 12
3 10
5
4 4
15 124 Wilson I 2
210 ' 220 McAullffe .... 6-5
3 8 3 6 Richards 3
5 4 1 ... Jaly 10
4 1 5 Livermore ... 10
Ambrose 1 3
8-5
5-2
10
20
8
4
•
Tim*— 2:o44. Winner, E. W. Purser's b. g. by Spokane-Trifle. Good start. Won first
thre» driving.
Colonel Bartlett gave hi? directions from the rear. Only a fatal attack of heart disease
could have beaten the winner.
nan FOURTH RACE— mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I I ln_»tMn<-
.•_..; ■ . - r '■ • l netting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. J Jockeys. Op. CI.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
.913 Wyoming, 6 106' 7 2 2 224 214 12 124 ißullman 2 4-5
■(909) Benamela. 6 106 4 ' 54 64 41 3h 23 Jenkins 6 8
•• (71*,) Gauntlet, 3 106 1. 12 14 14 24 3n Thorpe 4 .6
897 K.-riHtn. 6 110' 3 34 82 32 42 41 Hennessy .... 20 20
909 Stamina, 3 96 5 8 7 4 "4 « 3 6 24 J. Relff 8-6 11-:,
884 R admnner, a ill 2 43 4 4 54 5 4 63 I. Powell 30 50
&S7 Ruskln, 4 104 6 64 62 72 74 73 Macklin 10 15
E47 Joe Mussle. 5 11l 8 7 1 8 8 8 -8 [Baaelnger ... 20 30
Time— i', -.254; 4, :50; 4, 1:154: mile, 1:42. Winner, J. O. Brown & Co.'s b. g. by
Pardee-Caprice. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Wyoming was trying. So was Gauntlet. Others doubtful. Stamina received a de-
lightful going over.
Scratched— Sir ITrian 83, Guilder 104, Rosemaid 100, Cleodora 85.
2 4-5
6 8
4 .6
20 20
8-5 11-..
30 50
10 15
20 30
QQ_ FIFTH RACE— Six furlong; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
*ij___»
i - i
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys
692 Geyser. 5 114 7 ... 8 4 314 lh 12 Bullman
•90S February, 5 109 2 ... 14 lh 2h 2 4 W. Narva
909 Harry burn, 5. .107 1 ... 2 2 214 3 3 324 Jones ...
911 Tempo, 4 11l 5 ... I 82 7 1 4 4 Mounce .
902 Midas, a 114 9 ... 54 52 6 4 6h Holmes .
70 Loch Ness, 114.4 ... 4 h 64 > > h 8 4. Hennessy
-15 Merry Boy, 5 ill 8 ... ( h 4h 4 4 7 2 Russell .
SO Sea Spray, a 11l ! 6 ... 814 7 8 8 6 Snider ..
777 Crawford, a 114' 3 ... 7 2 9 9 9 Macklin
St.
4 m.
Km.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
ißullman '
|W. Narvaez..
Jones
Mounce
Holmes
Hennessy ....
Russell
Jockeys.
1-10
10
2
40
60
40
100
50
100
1-4
15
4
50
80
50
100
100
100
Snider I
Mai kiln [
Time 4. :244; 4, :49; %. 1:154. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. h. by Ben All-Hot
"Springs. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Geyser made a "strike" and the pins will probably now be set up in the other alley.
Tempo showed improvement. He will trim some good ones yet.
• Scratched-Bllss Ruck, r 111. Grady 114. New Moon 109, Silver State 109, Lorena II 109,
Bonlto 106, Henry C 103, Grand Sachem 108. _j
QO(T year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
---_•- °* sixth RACE Six furlongs; three- .
•tnd>». Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Km.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
■ Jockeys.
811 I* Golcta, 4 1061 2
- *j3 Maud Ferguson, 3. 98 3
m Lost Girl. 6 114 1
£« ''HFpar. 5 114' 5
.«. jP**ereatlon, 4.... :|lo6l 4
.i__l>_St. nine, 4 1061 •
84
1 2
2 24
&
4 %
3 14
i 4
2 4
G
4 2
1 n
3 2
2 1
5
4 4
1 2*4
2 n I
3 24 I
4*4 I
&
IMacklln
Gray
I. Powell
[Romero
5-2
15
It
CO
8
1-2
3
1*
20
100
• 9
3-5
Thorpe
I Bull man ;
..^"'"ner, E. J. Baldwin's eh. m. by Amlgo -Rosebud. Good start. Won easily. Second
*"id third riving.
not .V." fav °rite was bumped by La Goleta soon after the start. Maud Ferguson was
»°i fchort to-day. Lost Girl ran gamely, as usual. , ..-;.
""•crt-tched— Llmewater 100, Don Fulano 11*.
A delectable operetta Jpad been arranged
for his reappearance, and the nurse was
handed to him on a silver salver, pre
sented by the soft hands of the Califor
nia Deep Thinkers' Racegolng Associa
tion. February ran second.
Track Notes.
While being galloped at the track on
Monday Flashlight, which, was about
ready to go to the post after a long rest,
broke down again. His racing days are
now undoubtedly over.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlong: selling-.
... Rosalba . 114 1 902 Henry C... 11l
793 I>is Troncos . 11l •'■'■' Hannah Reid... 95
«05 Jingle Jingle.... 95 :■ - Petrarch 11l
924 Crawford ml '■■>■' <; " ! ' ! Fin 100
765 Naranja 100 867 Oahu . 106
BSS Darechoto .. I"* ••• Alvin E 11l
S9O LlmatUß 95 '•"'"' Anchored 100
Second race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
•olds.
104 •aooc 1131 MO Ned Dennis 110
MSTanobe ........110 868 St. Elizabeth.. ..llo
" 1> n 'V • ...."3| * 93 Flush of G01d. ..110
■" Castillo " ■ "0 SSO Burdock 110
■•• Ftrrita .... "0 903 Pidalla 110
893 BambouJU "» *" £? Aml * a 11"
910 Flower of G01d. .110 ...Tizona 113
Qi fi Rachel C 110 880 Moana 110
SS6Glissando m_9o4 Big Horn 113
Third race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; Andmus Stakes. $1000.
iTSnr.oMen Rule 1201 Kitty Kelly 120
904 Limerick .- 116 i»10 Bathos 118
869 Loyh Katrine... llsl
Fourth race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds nnd upward.
... Terra Archer.. ..loßl 897 Montallade 106
595 Oralliee S7j (892)Faversham 90
S<;4 P.->t«»nte 102ln9Q7)Umewater 1"2
jmiX Socialist 102, ... Ledai - BE
915 Cabrillo LOS 871 Glenn Anne 100
Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling; all ages.
SlO nonita . 106; SlO Meadow Lark.. .lll
7." .Silver State 109! 872 Cardwell 114
SST Ringmaster ....111 913 Amasa 10S
Matsooro 11l 669 Gold Scratch.... 97
Sl9 Frohman 108 919 Bonnie [one 106
r<24 Harry Thoburn.lU S7B New Moon 109
W5 Sombre 95 854 Cavallo 11l
655 Paul Grlgsa 114 924 February 109
—~~ —
Sixth race— One and an eighth miles; handi
cap.
8 H Charles Reif SOI 911 Cromwell 109
fC3 Ruadrunner Sol (918)Ad'ph Spreckels.loß
909 Tony Llealzi 8S 911 Topmast 108
888 niUy McClosky.. SO 7% First Tenor 105
918 P. A. Flnnegan. 85 (914) Myth 104
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Alvin I-;. Anchored. Hannah Reid.
Second Flower of Gold, Rachel C, Ned
Dennis.
Third — Golden Rule» Bathos, Limerick.
Fourth race — Limewater, Cabrillo, Potente.
Fifth race — Paul <;riK»rs, Sombre, Frohman.
Sixth race — Adolph Spreckels, Cromwell,
Myth.
-
FELL AMONG THIEVES.
Unpleasant Experience of Otto Frens
dorff, a Picture Seller.
Otto Frensdorff, a picture peddler liv
ing at l'"'2S Market street, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Conlan's court yest<
for the arrest of Josie Marshall, Carrie l
Hall and "Jane Doe" on the charge of
grand larceny.
Frensdorff alleges that he was I
by the three women to a room at 1 Fifth
street Monday night and while he was
asleep they stole from him a gold watch
and chain, overcoat, gold-lllled watch,
umbrella, gold cuffbuttons and a gold
scarf pin, all of the value of $iv.
An Iceman Arrested.
Alfred Brooks, ex-collector for the Con
:!ipany. was arrested yes
-• afternoon by Detective Crockett
on a charge of misdemeanor embezzle
ment. He is accused by K. G. Si
manager of the company, of embezzling
Ived by him from ex-.v
Pond en February 18. Brooks denies the
charge and Judge Mogan released him
on his own recognizance.
Artists' materials, house and floor paints
and fine bath enamels cheap at Sanborrt
& Vails. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRTL 5, 1899.
WELTER WEIGHTS WHO
ARE EVENLY MATCHED
§ Green and Smith Have Finished Training For ±
I Friday's Battle. f
♦■ ©
O /T\ HE twenty-round boxing- contest between George Green and "Myste- 4
4 I rious Billy" Smith at Woodward's Pavilion on Friday evening before the O
O I National Club will be the last one to be given under the old law regu- 4
4- I biting prizefights. The new law which makes prizefighting legal In Call- O
O - 1 - fornla caused the introduction of a resolution in the Board of Super- 4
-- visors, in which it is proposed to regulate the sport In the future by ©
O fixing a license of $5000 a year as a police measure. Should this order go >
4- through it will have the effect of driving the smaller athletic organizations O
O who give boxing contests out of the business, while the larger clubs are ■+
4- bound to flourish. 6
© The light between Green and Smith on Friday is sure to prove a highly T
X Interesting one. Both men are trained to the hour and are in superb condl- V
*£ tion. Each has a victory over the other to his credit, and the manner of q
q this contest will establish the question of supremacy for all time. They will 1
4- weigh in on Friday at 3p. m., and Green will go in at 151 pounds, while p
O Smith will probably tip the beam at 140, so the weight will cut a very small 4
♦ figure. O
O Smith knocked out Frank Kelly in thirty-seven rounds, while Green per- X
X formed the same service in four rounds, and again won from Kelly in §
5£ twelve rounds. ?j
ft Green and Smith both knocked out "Shadow" Maher, the former In -4
4- seven and the latter in twenty-six rounds. ©
O Green won from "Danny" Needham in eight rounds and the latter was 4
knocked out by Smith in fourteen rounds. Q
O Joe Walcott knocked Green out In eighteen rounds. Smith fought two 4
"*" draws with Walcott and eventually defeated the colored man in twenty O
O rounds. +
4- Tommy Ryan won from Green in eighteen rounds. In six contests with O
O Ryan, Smith fought three draws, lost to him twice and once there was no ■+
4- decision; . . O
© Charles McKeever lost to Green in fifteen rounds and Smith in twenty- -*•
4" five. O
9 It is a peculiar coincidence that In these contests Green and Smith have 4
£ each five victories to their credit and suffered defeat twice. Besides this, §
5? Smith, who fought oftener than Green, has four draws and a "no decision" A
(5 contest on his list. Honors appear to be about even and a stubborn contest X
♦ Is looked for. . • O
5 ♦
H4040404 O 4 O 4 O ♦ 04040404040404€H04 O 40 4 O 40404040404H
KENNEL CLUB ENTRIES.
Books Will Close at Midnight on the
24th Inst.
San Francisco Kennel Club has I
d Its office tgomery street,
\vit!i W. R. Thompson In charge as chief
cj( rk ;• nd Wait" r I '■■
David Sinclair, who officiated aa clerk In
all the shows hi Id here In re< ni
lies in the M;.:;ii:> Hospital, suffering
a wounded arm. Mr. Thompson aci
lii?! assistant during the last tew be iws,
and hia experience will enable him I
of Invaluable service to Intending exhibit
ors. The office will be open daily until ;
5:30 p. m.
Entries will positively close nt midnight:
of the 24th inst. . and no entrlei will be
ted thai are postmarked after that
date, The made the
■ the position of the dog in the num
bering. The show opens on May :: and
■
Consequent on the rule of the American
Kennel Club, a dog must be either list<'i
or registered to be exhibited a: v bench
Bhow h' !il under the rules of that organi
sation. The listing fee is 25 cents, in ad
dition t" the entry fee of M. which covers
all th' .-:.■; expen ■.•< Incidental to the
exhibition of the animal, including food,
can-, attendant iiinp. ;
The fee of '-'■"> c< nts for listing permits the
dog to be exhibited at any show held un- ■
der American Kennel Club rules during
the current year; but a registered dog is
not liable to tlie listing tax. Registration
costs .*i anil gives to the dog the addi i
value of a certified pedigree. To !>• en
titled to this privilege a dog must be able
to .-how an unbrokei for three
b tions or he must ha\ •• won two
first prizes in an A. K. C. show. 1..
t ration blanks can be obtained from the
Francisco Kennel
Club "i' from the secretary of the An
can Kennel Club p< t 2;;s
Montgomery stre. t. Owners Intending to
register their ; ;iii apply for
blanks at once, so that they may obtain
t r i • ■ registered numbers in time for enter
ing 'in their applications for entry to th"
bench show.
The St. Bernard Club will hold a meet-
Ing on Mon, lay at th- office "f Dr. W. R.
Cluness Jr.. 406 Sutter Btreet.
The Pacific Kennel Club has elected
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
IBBBBBfIBBaBBBBBBBHBBBBKBSnBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBHBBBBI
I HAVE CURED 10,000 MEN!
7
#^;§ii%, This is the record of my new system of treat-
fjtff^F^ "f ment." I have brought the use of Electricity down to
wPif' a sc ' ence > and am able to produce wonderful results
J^vh'% ' n cases w^ ere a^ ot^ er means nave proven useless.
y^^ois^^'^ As a tonic invigorator nothing on earth will compare
>^^^m%^ with Electricity as 1 apply it, Drugs are useless
fp_ WjsSL where the patient needs strength, but Electricity,
Rl^^Kbplw^l which is the basis of all vitality, will restore the
W^i^^^^^^m.y 0 vigor of young, middle-aged and old men in from two
I CAN CURE YOU
iB»Pi fiM Are you a weak man? Have you pains in your back and
m mmlllllliHlW^ A*rc«J kidneys? Are you nervous, despondent, lacking in confidence
& (M^\ in y° urself - laz y- easily tired and without ambition ? If so,
MBnki Wl/illwJMßm nMl'-'l l can cure you with my late im P roveci Dr. Sanden Electric
15 ilff/IFf™fISH Pff Belt> This is the & randest of an cures for aii p ain and
fe wHU///M\f lß weakness, Rheumatism, Lumbago and like troubles.
I lIH CALL AND SEE MY BELT.
■llralifl f//l//'iH& \ lift Let me Sh ° W yOU hOW S ' mply and yet how wonderfu "y !t does lts work.'
I ' /////// i©w 1 WwVllilr Test ' tS power and let me show you the names of thousands cured. If you
' ||| I'' ''J nil \IIIII can't call I will send you by mail, closely sealed, my book, "Three Classes
' ■ ' »" iilini' of M3n." free. Call or write to-day. *
dr. m, a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, Son Francisco, or 204 1-2 "three classes of men,"
South Broadway, Los Angeles. tT , s MAILED FREE .
ITICE HOURS— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Enndays, 10 to 1. NEVER BOLD IN DRUGSTORES,
Seabury C. Ma stick of New York, a
nephew of Judge Mastlck of Alameda, as
the American Kennel Club.
The Pacific Coast special commltt if
the A. K. ( '. held a meeting on Tuesday
last .-it the Occidental Hotel, at which
resolutions of sympathy with the chair
man, John B. de Ruyter, wi re passed, ex
pressing the sorrow of the members at
the loss which Mr. de Ruyter sustained
by the death of his mother. The com
■ considered an application from
Bruce Cornwall for thf registration of
pups bred by him out of the English set
ti i bitch Kitty R. which Mr. Cornwall
had bought of an Individual disqualified
by the American Kennel Club. The com
mittee decided to recommend the Ameri
can Kennel Club to accept the application
for registration and amend its rules so
make the penalties of disqualifica
tion more stringent and rigid.
W. K. Lewis of Honolulu has sent over
two fox-terrier bitches. Dainty and Dawn.
to be exhibited at the bench show, and
incidentally to be bred to Rev. J. W.
Flinton's prizewinner Alden Swagger.
New Sugar Company.
Articles of Incorporation were filed in
the County Clerk's office last evening
for the Kilauea Plantation Company. San
Francisco is given as the principal place
of business office. The purpose of the
corporation is to purchase real estate and
raise and deal in sugar. The capital
stock la W. 000.000, divided Into 40,000
shares of $60 each. The d~ireoors of the
company are A. B. Spreckels, J. J).
Spreckels, William Irwln, C. A. Hugg
;:w\ W. D. K. Gibson.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh St., corner MlsHlon. Salt water,
Oirect from ocear.
Battered a Chinese.
V ■■ On, proprietor of a laundry at 338
Minna Btrei t, swore to a complaint In
Acting: Police Judge Barry's court yester
day for the arresl of "John Doe,' 1 a coal
dealer at Posi and Mason Btreets, on the
charge of battery- He said he went to
the coal office Monday and the coal dealer
charged him with owing him money for
coal, which he denied. The coal dealer
then struck him repeatedly, knocking
him down and kicking him.
ED CORRIGAN
ASSAULTS AN
OLD BOOKMAKER
Quarreled Over a
Race Decision.
THREATENED HIS LIFE
OUTCOME OF THE BULING OF
JUDGES AT OAKLAND.
W. E. Scott Consults With Chief of
Police Lees as to His Encoun
ter With the Burly
Horseman.
Edward Corrigan, the deposed czar of
Ingleside racetrack, has added to his long
list of street brawls in which he has been
a principal. This time his victim is an
aged bookmaker, crippled with rheuma
tism. Happily, friends came to his assist
ance before the burly president of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club could do any
harm. Corrigan left his intended victim,
breathing threats of violence.
The encounter took place on a Market
street cur on Monday night. W. E. Scott,
a member of the bookmaking linn of
Hoffman & Co. of St. Louis, formed one
of a party with Corrigan. An an
imated discussion was in progress
as to the fairness of the decision in the
filth race. This race was won by two open
lengths by Pat Alorris.sey, Corrigan's entry
finishing in second place. Without any
protest being filed with them the judges
disqualified the winner and placed the
representative of the Corrigan stable firs:.
The outcome of the race was the sole
topic of conversation among bookmakers
! and racegoers alike. Mr. Scott contrib
uted to the discussion on the way up fr"»:i
the ferry by saying: "The remark of a
racegoer in the betting ring expresses my
views. He said he supposed they dis
qualified Pat Morrisey because he wa.s
•trying.' "
Corrigan turned to him and retorted,
"I suppose you had a $2 bet on him. \
Scott stuck to his guns, saying, "I didn't
have a net on him, but I know you had
12000 bet on your horse." Corrigan applied
uji epithet to him.
The language applied by Corrigan an
gered Scott, and despite his age and crip
pled condition he struck at the Chicagoan
with his cane. A struggle ensued lor pos
3ession of that weapon, its owner intend
ing to tight to the end. Some women pas
sengers shrieked for assistance and at
tracted the attention of passers by to ti:e
altercation. By this time the car had'
reached the Palace Hotel, and Corrigan ,
retired from the field. Before the car
moved off he said lie would kill Scott on;
si^ht and that he would soon be dead
anyway.
Scott In return called him a thief and
said that every dollar he ever made
was by robbing people. He also reminded
Corrigan that he knew what information
he had as to his past deeds on many
tracks in the Middle West. After Bleeping
over his encounter with Corrigan, Scut
sought the advice of Chief of Police Lees
as to the propriety of having his assail
ant bound over to keep the peace. After
telling his troubles Smti left without any
definite steps being taken in the premises.
"Mr. Scott called on me this morning
and told me of the threats Mr. Corrigan
had made," said chief of Pol i Leee last
night. "I have known Mr. Scott some
years, as ho cam*- to me when there was
racing at the old Bay District track with
a letter from Chief of Police Harrlgan of
Chicago. lie did not ask me to take any
action against Mr. Corrigan in this case,
but just told me the story of his encoun
ter with the horseman. I asked him what
precipitated the quarrel and he said: 'I
called Corrigan a thief because of the de
cision on the disputed race at Oakland.'
"I laughed when he said that was all
the provocation hi' had given Mr. Corri
gan. I thought that alone was suffli
to precipitate a quarrel. Mr. Scott did
not ask that Mr. Corrigan !.• arrested or
bound over to keep the peace."
A Drunken Son.
N. P. Howard, B69V$ Minna street, swore
to a complaint in Acting Police Judge
Barry's court yesterday for the arrest of
his son Frank, 24 years of age, on the
charge of liHng a common drunkard.
Frank had served sixty days on the same i
charge, and when he was released Mon
day he went home and thrashed his
mother. Then he pot drunk, and at night
kicked in the front door. He is in the
habit of beating both his parents when
he gets "full," which is almost daily.
Bishop Spalding gives advice on
the education of women, in next
Sunday's Call.
Troops Moving Westward.
Advices received by the passenger de
partment of the Southern Pacific tell of
the movement of troops from the East to
this city en romp to the Philippines. On
April 3 the Fourth and Fifth light bat
teries left New York in a train consisting
of twenty-five cars, carrying eight offi
cers, 240 men, fifty-six horses, twelve
guns, twelve caissons, two battle wagons
and forglngs. The train was composed of
<">ne Pullman sleeper. seven tourist sleep
ers, four palace horse cars, seven gon
dolas and six baggage cars.
The Twenty-first United States In
fantry. General Kline commanding, will
leave Plattsburg. N. V., on the 10th inst.
in three sections, each composed of one
first-class sleeper, thirteen tourist sleep
ers and one baggage car. There will also
be a baggage train of lifteen freight cars.
Two hundred men and officers of the
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
left Cheyenne yesterday and are due to
arrive here to-morrow.
Marine Firemen's Funds.
Bernard Ward, ox-financial secretary of
the Marine Firemen's Union, was yester
day held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan on the charge of
embezzling $3000 drawn from the Hibernia
Bank. His bonds were fixed in $4000.
This Is the second charge on which he
has been held and the other three hays
been dismissed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
His Rupture Cured.
C. & N. W. Engineer Restored by
the Wonderful Rice Method.
Member of Waseca, Division No. 9,
Tells How He Was Cured.
One of the old timers on the C. & N. W.,
having been In their employ over 29 years, .re-
lates some very interesting facts about how
he cured himself of rupture by the well-known
nice method. His name if 11. A. Read, a mem-
ber in good standing of Waseca Division No. 9,
B. L. V... so what he says for the benefit of
other railroad men who are ruptured can be
relied upon as truthful and of value. Mr. Read
says: "I had as bad a rupture as you will run
across in many months, but the Dr. Rice Truss
\\ •> .?.lUibu. r<f*-^Jr
H. A. READ.
*nd Lymphol cured me. It was a hard rupture
to hold, as I had to jump on and off my engine
so often, the spring and other kind of trusses
I wore would shift and let the rupture out.
Hut the Rice truss fitted me exactly, and after
,the first night 1 wore It I knew it would cure
me. 1 went to sleep feeling like a new man,
, as the truss held my rupture, no matter what
I did or the way I moved about. I never lobt
one hour from work, and as I am a railroad
engineer it means considerable to be laid uu
with a rupture. I have save $100 already in the
time I have made up, and I shall always
recommend the Rice cure with a grateful
heart. Sincerely, H. A. READ, Waseca, Minn.
The Rice method is a perfect fitting truss, the
only one known, and a marvelous healing lotion
•hat securely knits and binds the broken
muscles together, making the cure complete
and permanent. Every ruptured railroader
should write to Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 X Main
street, Adams, N. V., and he will send a com-
plete and Illustrated series .if pamphlets show-
ing conclusively that his method cannot fail to
cure. It is a home treatment at small costs,
without pain, danger, operation or an hour's
detention from work. Do not fail to. write for
either yourself or some one you know to be
ruptured.
jg^^^i^^. Doctor
JfP* s '^iM!EYERB
jjSf *^§^m!\ Specialists for Men
li^r^T^O tensive prac'tire i'u the Vs.
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _ AH FREE.
Thou, cured at home.
Ail inters confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
•TO 0 MARKET ST., )v , , v
SOI SAX MUJf CISCO I Elevator Entrance.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»ru, J. ESPIO : New York, E. FOOQERA & 00.
SOLD BY ALL, DRUGGISTS.
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNBT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown &3L
Residence, S2l California it., below Powell.
Fan Francisco.
j/*^\. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/|»#!Ji»f>2SKEARNYftiT. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
CJ2SKEABNTST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
MLJveMSIm Diseases, Cost Manhood. Debility or
disease ring; on bodyandmindana
■tSfiSsSS&Pi skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
iS^'-'iglaia&a others fail. Try him. Charges low
iWiijeisJsysiacS •'iirnsiiariintfed, Callorwrlto.
2>r. J. IT- »x mints. Box 1357, Sau Francisco
EAILKOAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San j
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. thg
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
Ul - FRANCISCO TICKEfWICE— 521 MARKET SI, j
TFXEPHONE MAIN 15H.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 33l J Stmt.
San Joso Office— West Santa Olara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUID
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899. trains will run as follows]
' South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passed
s*er. - Sunday Stations. Sunday per
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd D«lly.
7:80 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pin 8:00 pm
1:10 am 2:08 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 3:30 am 2:42 pra
ll:3San> 7:« pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 pm I
1:25 pra 12:30 am Bakerafield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:23 pm Visalta 6:40 am 1:83 pm
11:15 pm 6:S3pm Tulare B:Soam 1:06 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required. '
i For particulars of stage and other connection* I
Jnqulra at Traffic Manager"* Qffic«. 3JI Marktl I
JTrwicUOfl'" 9 " s ,r* . a **^2!'
- >•
RAILROAD TRAVEL. <
MMTIIMO I'AtlKlt' t«MrAM.
(PAOiriO itarntl
Train* lfi»T» nml lire «lnw '« itrrlre «•
NAN riUM'IMO.
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
leave - From March 23, 1899. — amut<
•O:OOa Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... ** i**
7:OOa Kenicia, Suiann »nd Sacramento.... o:-iap
7:OOa MarjßTtlle, OrovlUeaud Redding via
Woodland 5 : 1"2 F
7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Eumsey tti+or
7:30 a Martinez, San Kamon.Vallejo, Napa, ■
Ualistoga and Santa Kosa • 
8:00* Atlantic lSxpreas, Og.l«n and Kast.. 8:*»P
»i:t«A .Sail .line, LiTcrmore, Htooliton,
lone. Sacramento, Plac=rvillc,
M»rj«Tillr, Chico, Ue.nilutf 4«15p
»:!lO* •Milton. Oakdale and Bonora 4tl3p
«:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton, •",•'■•;■•
Merced »nd Fresno 12:13p
U:«llA Kresno, HakenticM, Santa Iturlmra.
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kant 6:45p
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45*
i l'4:OOu Xiles, Ll»ermore, Stockton, Sacra-
i ! mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vualia,
Porterville 4tiHr
•I :OOr Sacramonto Itlvcr Stenuiurs "Stoop
littur Marline*. Han Itainnii, Vallejo,
Napa, OttllBt<>(!», Nuiitit l!osa 9ilB*
■ItOOr Btnicia, Vacavllle, ffocnuiiento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville 10:45 a
4iSopNUes. San Jose and Stockton 7:15?
3:OOpStn Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bjk»rsne!d, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angiles 9:43 a.
iJSiOOr Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louts, Chicago and East aSi43A
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fremo 12:15p
s:Sop Martinez, Tracy, Mtudota, Fresno,
Jiojave and 1..m Aiik«!<'S 8:4.1*
SiSOp «m i tii K.i nutita. Atluiillc Kxpress
for Mojnvn and Ka*t 6:4.1 p
«:<»(»r Riimpeaii Mall, Ogilrnaud ICaet 9i4^4
8:« Op Hay wards, Nik* and San Jose 7i43a.
•0:OO i- Vullejo 1 «i l 5
17:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way bta-
tions J0:4.->r
B<oop Orcgou K(|ir<Ma,iteanuiiaiit4i, Marys-
Title. Iti-l.liiiK. Portland, I'nget
Hound KlUt 8-.13 A
alO:O3p Sunset United. Fresno. Los
Angeles, K.I Pa.;o, New Orleans
an.l F.aiit i)l:tsp
SAN LKAMtKO AM) lIATWARDS LlH'll,
(Foot of Marfcet Stroot..) :
1 ■•IrOW, Srlllin:irj I'iilh,
H:OOa Kilrlilmrar. i:iuiliiir>t. 6:1.1 a,
iU:OOa San l.funilrn. South Sun <*0:4.1 a
lo.oo* l.raiKlro. Kuluilllln, I»:I.H
il 1:OOa • Lnrrnxu, Cljorr/ < % 'i : ** 1 '
JiOOP nn.l ««•<»'
»i««f lUrnardN «5t43p
7iOOr i Ruuii tliro.l,l. t.. Nile* '****
J I From Nile* I t
COAST IHVInION iNiirrntT (iniiße).
(Foot of M-irkft Street.)
8:13 a Newark. l.Ynteriille. San Jose, Felton,
Bonlder Orek.Santa Orui and Way
Btatiorm 3«»©r
•Bilsp Newark. CenterTillo. Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I'r'ncipal Way
Stations MO:3O\
4«15p Newark, rtan Jon and Los Oaton... *:20a
fll>43p Hunters' Excursion, Sin Josa and
Way Stations |7:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I rr««Sm raUCISCO— PooI »< Market Street (Slio —
•7:16 9:00 I 1:00 a.m. 11:00 •2:00 13:00
•i:00 }S:00 •6:00r.«i.
frtm OAIUHD— Fool of BrmdwjT. —-(1:00 8:00 10:00i.ll.
tl2:00 •1:00 $2:00 '3:00 {1:30 's:Ooi'.M.
COAST DIVISION (BroaiMiaiii^o).
(Third and Townao;iil Sts.)
7iooa Han .)<>sn »»d Wiiy Htaliunt (New
Aliiiadrn Wi«lne"lais only) l:HOp
OiOOa Han Java, Tr«i I'iiios, SxtiU Cms,
I'aoilSc (in.re. I'asi) Itubles, San
Lulu (ll.|«|),>, (iuaiiahiiiß, Surf and
Principal Way .Stuti«.iis 4:10p
lOi4Oa Man .Inse h.hl Way Ktallmil «»»:OOa.
IliBOa San Jose and Way Htationa Bi33a
•ai4»rNiin Mat>-(>, KWlwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Bunts Clara. Sa.it .lone,
(lilmy. Hnillster, Santa (,'rn/., .
Salinas, Moiuerey and I'jiciiic
Crnre - «l«:3nA
•JIiHOp San .lone and Way Stations •9:«O A .
: •4tl.lrBan.ToseandPri:ieiiial Way Stations »:45a
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3:30r San Jose an.: Principal Way Stations S:3op
6:: tOp San Jose and War At.at.imis 7:3<>p
. f11:43p San Jose and Way SUtlmis 7:30p
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
•Sundays excopted. J Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only
IMondsjs aSiturdays. bSundajs.
ONE HOUR EARLIER
THE PORTLAND TRAIN
(SHASTA ROUTE)
Will Leave 7F| if
SAN FRANCISCO at I r.lfL
INSTEAD OF 8, COMMENCING
SUNDAY, APRIL 9th.
THE NEW
DINING CAR SERVICE
On the Shasta Route Will Also Be Inaugurated
at That Time.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY. {
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C(T.
LHSSBB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIFI3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,'
3:20, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip,
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:51
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:80, 11::" a. m. ; 1:50, 3:30*
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
B AN RAFAEL, TO SAN' FRANCISCO.
. : WEEK DAYS-«: 10. 7:50. 8:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips af
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-— S:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 3:40,'
! B:CO, 8:25 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzsn Parlt
lame schedule as above. . j
' Leave | Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ; San Francisco. i
i ■ i October 16, j *
i Week ! Sun- INK. Sun- I Week |
! Days. ' Days. Destination, ; days. I days. j
7:30 am! 8:00 am ! Novato, 10:40 ami S:4O am
8:S0 pmi 9:30 am I'etP.luma ; 8:10 pm!10:23 am'
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:85 prt i — pm l
Fulton,
; 7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am'
H>'>.V,i;burg,
Lytton. |
Geyaervlile. I
■ 8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pn»|
I Hopland and
7:80 am Ukiah. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 ana
:00 am Gumeyville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm • 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 0:40 am 8:40 ara
and ,
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. o:4oam 10:20 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 piisl 7:35 pm| 6:22 pmi
Stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at GeyJ
serville for SUilkks Springs; at Cloverdale tot,
■ the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.!
i Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Ca.rlsba'tj
Springs, Soda. Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
, Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wltteß
I Springe, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,,
1 John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
i Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Booneville. Orr 1 *
; Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags,
; W>*tport. Usal. Wtllltts. Laytonville. Cum^
| mlnflr'B, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's. Dyer*
I Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ■
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polntg
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg*
H. C. WHin.\ O, R. X. RYAN, I
General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
&£S£iVia Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, *9:30, 11:00 a. m.; •1:*5»
! 3:45, 6:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS - •8:00. •10:00, '11:30 a. m. •1:15.
t 3:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked ♦ run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. *6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. »S:00. 'lO^. *11:55 a. m. {
♦1:15. »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. ■week days — Cazadero and way ata'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way eta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Terry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday^
B«pt, 11. 1998:
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— :oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:13 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, H.
THOS. WOK * SON* AfenU, «1 Mark*
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ON TRIAL FOR
THE RILLING OF
HER HUSBAND
Mrs. Anna Mentel Is
Fighting for Life.
HINTS OF DARK SECRETS
JUBY QUICKLY IMPANELED TO
THY THE CASE.
Witnesses Tell of the Fatal Night in
Alameda When the Young Wo
man Did Murder and
Tried Suicide.
Oakland Office San Francisco Tall,
Broadway, April 4.
The trial of Anna Mr-nt.-.;, charged with
the murder of her husband, William F.
Mentel, was commenced In Judge Hall's
court this morning and occupied the en
tire day.
The accused young woman was accom
panied by tier younger sister and her
mother. Mrs. Adam Beth. She was rep
resen) n, W. \V. Foote, Senator
Guy C Ear] and ex-Congressman Lafe
Pence. District Attorney Allen and his
chief deputy. Harry Melvin, arc con
ducting: th( ;ion.
In the c three hours the fol
lowing named jurors were selected and
sworn to try the case: J. F. Brevost, .1.
H. Banta. S. J. Farrell, I. P. ('lark. d.
R. R. Ainsworth, C. J. Autwiler, H.
Leffmann, P. A. Rasmussen, A. A. de
Mars, W. 11. Tuttle, M. S. McQuarrie
and E. Sutherland.
Of these jurors Panta, Farrell and
Clark reside in Alameda, where the crime
Is alleged to have been committed on
the evening of December 1, 1898. Brevost
reside? in Melrose, Rasmussen in Dub-
Jin and th< >aklanders.
After a recess, during which the ac
oman chatted pleasantly
■with her Deputy District At-
terney Melvin made a brief opening
statement to the jury. Ho said the
•cution ex establish that on the
g or December l last, the accused
had hailed a motorman on a Santa Clara
avenue (Alameda) car, Informing him
that she h;i'l shot her husband and her
lelf; that the body of William F. Men
tel was afterward found dead on the
Bidewalk; that the accused bad repeat
fcdly said "Forgive me" in statements
made to Sergeant Conrad; that when
Mental was round I) is right hand was in
his pants pocket and the left free by
nls Fide. Tn short the prosecution would
show the facts and • na as to the
poung woman's guilt or h
John Conrad, City Marshal of Ala
. was the flrsi witness called, and
c main reil -,%• as
given at the preliminary hearing both
xamination. He
W^gK% t"^!*in jflb^Wft
"wedxibdat, Apr. 5. New prices Sunday
t No Liquors — just
) Good Groceries a
* What we buy for cash^
'we sell for cash. $
Cash saving means moref
|for your money and more^
'money for other things.
[Schilling's Best Soda sc*
Pound packages. You know 9
| what Schilling's Baking Soda is. \
I Cube Sugar 171b 5/^
I Pure cane. Priced like A
f common sugar. "
.Granulated Sugar 19 lb 5/^
' No better cane sugar made. V
i Fine and dry. A
IRolled Wheat 10 lb 25cl
I Made from Sonoma's best a
grown; plump grains. ¥
I White Rose Flour 90c
The best Spcrry makes. W
I ■ Fifty pound sack. A
iMixed Bird Seed 6lb 25c
I Good seed : just like other A
things we sell. "
• 1
1 —
, six saving stores:
r 1060 Washington, Oak Bhattuck At, Berkeley f
, IHh & Waahlngton, " Central At, Alamcda a
I E 12th & 13th At. •• 7th & Wood. Oak 4 j
tified that the young woman had ad
mitted to him that she shot her nusband.
"Later, on our way to the Receiving
Hospital." continued "Witness Conrad,
"we had another conversation. She
wanted to know where she was being
taken, and wanted me to take her to
her mother's on Filbert street. San Fran
ciSCO. 1 told her it was wrong the way
she shot her husband, and she replied,
•If a man slapped yon and knocked you
down and threatened to choke you
wouldn't you shoot him?' "
Witness then related a further conver
sation bad at the Receiving Hospital In
this city, where Mrs. Mentel'a self-in
flicted wound was dressed. "She was
asked by Detective Herbert why she had
shot her husband." continued Chief Con
rad, "but she told him to go to her hus
band; he would probably tell him every
thing. She did not know until the next
day that Mentel was dead.
"In the presence of Dr. I'ortrr and my
self Detective Herbert then asked Mrs.
Mentel as to what conversation was had
during the trouble with her husband. She
replied simply, "It is too horrible to re
peat.' I then left the room. There was
nothing in her manner to show malice i
or hatred toward deceased."
Incidentally Witness Conrad testified to
minor details of the arreest; of Mrs.
Mentel being taken first to Dr. Lub
bock's house, near the scene of the shoot- j
ing; of the finding of the revolver, the
victim's hat, Mrs. Mentel's hat, a bun
dle and a satchel all lying near the body
of th< deail man.
George D. Gray, an Alameda constable:
J. L. Hicks, motorman on the car that
Mrs. Mentel hailed on the fateful niprht. i
and Captain L. W. Looney, who was a
passenger on the car, next testified in tho
order given, but their testimony
brought out no now facts from those
published at the time of the preliminary
hearing.
Took His Own Medicine.
OAKLAND. April A. -Dr. O. D. Hamlin.
a memher of the Board of Health, has
been arrests for violating the ordinance
forbidding expectoration on the sidewalks.
I>r. Ifamlin was one of the members who
worked hard for the passage of the or
dinance and is the second man to be ar
rested for its violation. The doctor de
posited $2 for bail at the City Prison,
which will probably be declared forfeited
In court to-morrow.
DINGEE WILL NOT
CONTROL THE COMBINE
CONTRA COSTA MAY STOP AL
VARADO PLANT.
An Effort to Be Made to Pay a Divi
dend for the Purpose of Giving
the Stock a Better
Price.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 4.
, i William J. Dinpee will not control the
! consolidated water companies. lie will
', not havp a voico in Its annual mpotlnpr,
to be held next Tuesday, nor will he rep
' resmt any shares of stock in the concern.
It has been generally supposed that
1 with his 15,000 shares of stock and the j
dissatisfied section of the Contra Costa j
shareholders Mr. Dingee could do as he j
pleased at the annual meeting. This is
j incorrect. The final act in the consollda
i tion of the two companies cannot be car
ried out until after the annual election
: <if directors. Until the combination Is
effected Mr. Dingoe will have no stock
j in the Contra Costa company, for its is
suance n.iist be authorized by a vote
' next Tuesday.
As soon us the deal is concluded, and
there is absolutely no doubt that it will
i be, Mr. Dingee will receive his stock, but
; by that time the annual election v,i!l have
been hold and he will not be entitled to
any voice in the matter.
I'urinK the past few days Contra Costa
stock lias Increased a few dollars in value
and Is now exchanging hands at G6Vi.
This enhanced value of the shares is
I arousing great Interest in view of the fact
1 that In ,ooo more shares will be put on the
\ market In a short time. As the company
j has" paid no dividends for years, and as
the water rate to be enforced for the next
fiscal year Is somewhat lower than that
j now In force, it is difficult to see how it
can produce an income which will pay
dividends on twice the amount of stock
at present issued.
After the two corporations are consoli
dated th.- office expenses of the Dingee
company will, of course, be saved, and
this will decrease the expenses, but the
cost of operation of the artesian system
at Alvarado will remain the same unless
with Its present supply of water at Lake
Chabot the Contra Costa Company
should connect the mains of the two com
panies and avoid the heavy expense of
pumping water into Oakland from Al
varado.
There 1b no doubt that everything will
be done to make it possible to pay a
dividend In the near future, In view of
the new Issue of stock.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
ELOPEMENT IS
FOLLOWED IT
A DIVORCE SUIT
Martin Johnson Seeks
a Separation.
HIS HAPPY HOME DESTROYED
INVITED A FRIEND AND HIS
WIFE BECAME SMITTEN.
Minnie E. Campbell of Alameda Also
Tells of Her Husband's Infi
delity in a Complaint
for Separation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 4.
Two sensational divorce suits were filed
In the Superior Court to-day. In each
the ground alleged for the cause of ac-
tion is the Infidelity of the spouse's de
fendant, and likewise two erstwhile
happy homes have been destroyed of all
peace. Martin Johnson is a well-to-do
ship carpenter, and until a few months
ago resided with his wife, Elizabeth
Johnson, in a cosy cottage in Lorin. He
had an intimate friend, whose name,
however, does not appear In his com
plaint tiled this afternoon. The confi
dence he placed in this "friend" was so
Implicit that he invited him to enjoy the
comforts of a home in his little Lorin
cottage. The "friend" accepted the prof
fered hospitality and now Johnson rues
the day.
His wife became Infatuated with the
friend, and when he finally remonstrated
with her over the improprieties of trans
ferring her affect inns, she eloped with
the new-comer taking with her most of
the household furniture and, acording to
Johnson's attorney. Moses Cobb, the orr
lrip wife is now residing In Oakland bask
ing In the smiles of her husband's confi
dential friend.
In a complaint prepared by her attor
ney, Howard K. James, Minnie E. Camp
bell of Alameda tells of the Infidelity of
her husband. Lewis V). Campbell. The
latter is a printer, whose occupation in
a Han Francisco printing establishment
keeps him out late of nights, so that he
very frequently "misses the last boat,"
Mrs. Campbell, it appears, had a close
watch plat ed over her husband, and
thouprh she does not allege a co-respond
ent by name, shf avers that another
woman Is at the bottom of It all, where
fore she asks for a divorce.
MRS. ETTA BRANDES
MUST STAND TRIAL
JUDGE HALL WOULD NOT DIS
MISS A MURDER CASE.
Efforts of Her Attorneys to Secure
Her Release Prove in Vain
Before Judge Hall.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 4.
Judpe Hall to-day refused to dismiss
the case against Mrs. Etta Brandes,
charppd with complicity in the murder of
her stepdauphter Lillian. When the mat
ter was called up in court to-day her at
torney, F. W. Sawyer, moved that the
charge he dismissed, on the ground that
she could not be convicted If her hushani
•was guilty. Judge Hall, however, ruled
that two persons might easily be gruilty
of the same crime.
Attorney Sawyer next moved for a dis
missal on the ground that District Attor
ney Alien has no further evidence to con
nect Mrs. Hrandes with the crime; but to
this District Attorney Allen entered a
vigorous denial, expressing his readiness
also to go ahead. The case, how sver,
owing to the Mentel murder trial being
set for to-day, was continued for two
weeks to be set for trial.
At the request of Attorney Bennett, for
the defense, the court ordered that new
alcohol be poured into the bottle contain
ing the dura mater of Lillian's skull. At
torney Bennett had reported that the
liquid was evaporating and the substance
changing color.
KtLLED ON THE TRACK
John Martin's Fatal Ride on His
Velocipede.
OAKLAND, April 4.— John Martin, a
section hand on the Southern Pacific, was
killed this morning in a collision between
his railroad velocipede and the local train.
Martin was on his way to the mole this
morning on the velocipede, and owing to
a dense fog which hung over the bay he
did not see the local train approaching
him. His machine was struck by the en
gine and Martin was thrown into the
mud. When the train crew picked him up
he was still breathing, but his skull was
crushed and he died on the way to the
hospital. Martin was unmarried and 35
years of age.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Ginsberg, Sacto E C Peart. Colusa
V W Dean. Courtlandiß W Skinner. Marysvl
Mrs M Brown, Chicago W Gray, Mich
B T Wynan, San Jose A F Beidler, Chicago
(1 \V McCracken. Ind Miss B' Hannah. Chcg
F H Hayes. Cal |W S James. Gold Hill
F L Coombs. Napa Mrs L Blasingame.Frs
F C Perrin, San Jose B Pinschower & w,
J S Craig, Woodland Clovcrdale
J J Thanem, Portland H S Phlnny. Sacto
R Ellratt. Victoria, BC f! F Walton. Sutter Co
T D Middle, Hanford H Thorp, Sacto
M Trent & fam. Pa C L Aoska. Tacoma
H E Brooks & w. Ohio Mr Gosliner, Redding
Miss F Brooks, Ohio Mrs Goldberg & sister,
6 Horton, Llvermora I Vallejo
H Blake, Boston C F Curry, Sacto
\V Hawle & w, Ind G W Chandler. S Cruz
J D Paust. Uklah C A Vesselmi, Chlcgo
E Gilmore. Oregon A H Mclnniss & wf,
W Shearer &w, S Rsa Mill Valley
T H Coffin. Portland [J D McGllvray, Denvr
F W Benson. RosebrglJ Rogers, Cal
H R Adin. Fresno A J Ross. Cal
F S Stanley, Crows LglH M Levlnsky. Stcktn
J H Peart, College Cyl H II Etter, Princeton
L R Poundstone. Cnynl
PALACE HOTEL.
A B Hammond, Mont !G R Harris & w Mass
A J Meier, Portland Miss M Harris, Mass
J Meier. Portland F H Harris. Mass
L C Kruger, Chicago A W Damon, Mass
G A Benham, Chicago J R Peabody, N V
M C Treat &w, DC J R Beardsley & w.NY
Mrs A W Hakes, D C IG B Larmier, Denver
Mrs A C Sutton, Ky ,J G Wright & w. Mass
J A Healey, St Louis Mrs M D Bowker, Mass
F H Johnson, Chicago |G L Chase & w. Conn
W G Bertermann, Ind L < infl & w, R I
J W Graeme. UB N NT Coleman. US N
R G Butler, Idaho |W L Stewart, Cal
F M Rose, Omaha F Lemon, Boston
F F Barbour, Cal H H Rose, Chicago
J C Clow. Chicago C H Frye, Seattle
O H Howarth, London Mrs C D Baker, D C
J C Brown &w. N V BW J Fox. N V
J H Meyer, New York Capt C C How. Engld
6 M Smith, Pa I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C W Chase, Clinton A Whitlock. Seattle
J Alexander, Mass M Murphy & w, Stktn
F J Walker, Lathrop W Cunningham, Sacto
H A Raich & w, New A Haraon, New York
Whatcom J Watson. Napa
R Enes, Chicago A Brockway, Tacoma
F Enes, Chicago T, F Whitney, Fresno
J F Pouza, Chicago C N Thomas. lowa
Mrs Smith, San Jose IF Graham. Los Angj
J L Kercheval, Walnut J L Ross, Los Ang
Grove
■ ♦ ■ ■
Mary Baker Eddy's letter to Chris
tian Scientists, in next Sunday's
Call.
. » ■
LATE SHirPINCi INTELLIGENCE.
ARRTVED.
Ptmr State of California, 49*4 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 40V» hours.
Ptmr Peru. Friele, days from Panama
and way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April 4— Schr
Newark, nonce April 3.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed April 4— Schr Re
peat, for Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Sailed April 4— Stmr Trave, for
Uremen; stmr Laurie, for Liverpool.
Arrived April 4 -Stmr Southwark. from Ant
werp. April s—Stmr5 — Stmr Amsterdam, frum Rjjfter
dam.
'HERROURG— Arrived April 4— Stmr Kaiser
Frlederlch, from New York.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and fi~
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS If*
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at S }£jf
o'clock. Also second degree. Syr '
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and a. a •
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- .A
DAY) EVENING, April 5. at ;.:))*¥
O'clock. H. FOHTRIEDE, Sec. rV\
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ft
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- £\
DAY) EVENING, April 5, at "^iCjf
o'clock. Also third degree. 'xr V
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. -Vrtrltttr
O. F.— The officers and the -jjy*iflßSfe-
funeral committee of the above = £??§JS^!F
lodge are hereby notified to as- '-/("-*-
-eemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
and Seventh sts., on WEDNESDAY, April
6, 1899, at 1:30 p. m., to attend the funeral
of our late brother. C. W. SCHULTZ. By
order CHAS. QUAST, Fin. Sec.
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. O. O.
F.— lnitiation THIS (WEDNES- ■g£sEsK?^
DAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. : 55*<SK5?
H. W. QUITZOW JR., N. G. -"-*7n\v>
C. F. O'NEIL, Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15,, I. -^^HL//^,
O. O. F.— lnitiation THURSDAY, •#5^255^
April 6. JAS. BOYES, N. G.
J. D. SCHLOEN. Rec. Sec. "^rtvS^
THE quarterly meeting of Ser- »
vlan-Montenegrln L. and B. So- JVyV^
clety will be held THIS *&&4r
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, |&?rvf?v£J
April f.. 1899, at S o'clock at 10 §3RjUkI
California st. All officers and |mU]Dh:jH
members ;ir«' earnestly requested RvyS§R?5S{!M
to attend. Fine for non-attend- nfllln^f
ance will be strictly enforced. TtEßur
By order of -^mti^
MARKO K. TASOVAZ, Pres.
SPIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch— You are *
requested to meet at the hall corner * A
Mason and O'Farrell sts., THIS &SrA
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, April 5, *&&
at 8 o'clock to transact business of very
great Importance. THE PRESIDENT.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- n
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be i
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- »
ING, April 6, 1899. at B. B. Hall 121 «#■/
Eddy St.. at 8 o'clock. A full attend- Zi^U
ance requested. Business of Import- " ttT*
ance. E. J. BRANDON, Pres. ■
COURT Occidental No. 6676, A (). F - %ut
Members and friends are notified to at- ?*T
tend the funeral of our late brother, Ttk
JOSEPH M. PARKER, on THURS- C_J»
DAY, April 6. from his late residence Oak
St., near Enrinal aye, Alameda. at 8:45 a. m
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery Oakland Hv
order E. A. M. GILBERT. C.' K.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1599, at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day. at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company
number 327 Market St., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their 'equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company. v
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye.. to borrow money on any old thing.
DIVIDEND £ NOTICE i
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
Ft., on and after MONDAY, April 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close TUESDAY. April 4.
1599. at 3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Sec.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made?
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55J0.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Palr.t Co., 319 3d st.
GOOD home for 8 children; near school. 61
Clara st.
SITUATIONS \V ANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT German mother and daughter
desire situations as cook and second work;
wages no object; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; reference; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl wishes a position;
can be Interviewed at present employer's in
the afternoon; wages not less than $25. For
address apply to MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT French maid and seamstress de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl desires place as cook or gen-
eral worker; country preferred; $25. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5332.
GERMAN chambermaid, seamstress, wishes
situation; also second girl. MRS. LAMBERT,
41S Powell st.
NORTH German child's nurse, dressmaker,
wishes situation. MRS. LAMBERT. 41S
Powell Et. ; tel. Main 5332.
YOUNG, strong Swedish houseglrl; 1 year last
• place; good cook and laundress. Address or
telephone MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good cook and house-
worker; $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, also Swedish sec-
ond girl, best of city reference, desire situa-
tions. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Suttei st.
YOUNG lady of good character, who speaks
English and German, desires a position to do
housework and cooking where ;ne will have
a good home and be treated as a member
of family; wages small; in East Oakland or
Fruitvale preferred. Address 1161 East Fif-
teenth St., East Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young woman will give her
services In return for board and room, with
her husband. in hotel or private house; good
sewer; housework or chamberwork; best of
references can be given. Apply by letter to
MRS. HOUSTEN, 376 Geary St., room 21, and
will call.
EXPERIENCED German and ■ French cook
wishes situation In private family in city or
short distance in country; will assist in light
housework. 341 Minna St., bet. Fourth and
Fifth.
AN experienced and competent stenographer
and typewriter, thoroughly familiar with
general office work, desires a position; best
references given. Box 840, Call office.
YOUNG girl would like to assist in light house-
work for board and room; no washing or
cooking; Catholic family preferred. Call 833
Howard st., room 3, Wednesday.
GERMAN woman, raised in America, wishes
a situation to do housework; is a rood cook;
wages from $10 to $12 a month. Address 609
Howard St.
YOUNG German girl wants situation: second
work; good seamstress and understands wait-
ing on table. Please address or call at 830
Geary st.
YOUNG lady would like position to take care
of one or two children; drawing and painting
Included; best of references. Box 842. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes sewing by day; chil-
dren's clothes a specialty; $1 a day. Call or
address Seamstress. Girls' Union, 020 Pine.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants house-
work In small family: good plain cook; city
or country town. Address R., 1231 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagements
in families: $1 50 per day; reference. Ad-
dress 589 O'Farrell St.
DRESSMAKER wishes work; will do any kind
of sewing. Apply 623 Howard St.. between
Second and Third. -.
YOUNG woman wants dressmaking by the day
or week; would work cheap in store. Address
HARRISS, 1203 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do second work in hotel
or in private family in country. Apply 2GOS
Mission St.. near Twenty-second.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework and cooking; $15 per month. Ap-
ply 2234 Mission St., near Nineteenth.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by day wash-
ing or house cleaning. Please call at IS
Rausch st.
YOUNG woman wants washing, Ironing or
cleaning by the day. Call or address 1217
Howard st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework, with good references.
Call 330 Preclta aye., oft Folsom st.
COMPETENT reliable German woman wants
housework by the day or the month; $20 per
month. 132 Sixth St.
CHAMBERWORK by a respectable woman In
a hotel or lodging-house, or as a kitchen
maid; no trlflers. Room 14. 137 Third st.
DRESSMAKER would like engagements by the
day. Address 109 Leaven worth st.
LADY wishes any position of trust; best of
references. 9 Powell st., room 9.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter. Address box 545, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
gen. -nil housework in American family. 414
Fol so m st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
housekeeper; city or country; good cook: ref-
erences; hotel preferred. Germania Gardens,
Harbor View.
SITUATION wanted by a competent girl to do
housework; good plain cook: city or country:
good references if required. Please call 515
Seventh St., near Bryant.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
YOUNG girl wishes housework and plain cook-
Ing. Please call 142V4 Clara St., between
Fourth and Fifth; no postals answered.
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do house-
work In this city. TSUMA, 539 Stevenson st.
WOMAN wants care of child out of doors;
wages no object. MRS. C, box 835, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
housework; good plain cook; city or coun-
try. Box 800. Call office.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from firry; elevator.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MAJLH.
FIRST-CLASS English butler desires situation;
• beet city reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, ?i« Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St. ; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
WANTED— as lumber or box shook
salesman; thoroughly competent: best of ref-
erences. Address B. J., box 833, Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker, first-class me-
chanic, wants a situation. Call or address
446 Valencia st.
ELDERLY, active, competent man wants sit-
uation on private place; small wages; first-
class references. Gardener, box 822, Call.
WANTED— By a middle-aged American, work
in private family; handy at almost anything.
Address box 844, Call "office.
STRICTLY sober man wants position; lunch
stand preferred. Address M., Call branch
office, 357 Hayes st.
GOOD tailor (cutter) wishes situation. Address
L. C. 310 Montgomery aye., room 8.
BARBER wants ao steady place; wages no ob-
ject. Box 824, Call office.
SITUATION as solicitor, collector or salesman;
good references. Address box 846, Call office.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— A home In the country for a boy
14; work for board; go to school. Address
box SOS. Call office.
YOUNG Englishman, smart appearance, . de-
sires position as coachman; good rider and
driver; country preferred. 8., box 807, Call.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under- !
stands his business, wishes situation; city or '
country; good references. Box 770", Call.
GERMAN, 6 years in this country, would like
to have a place as private bookkeeper, porter
or Janitor; understands interest work thor-
oughly. ADOLPH FRESE, 346 Hayes st.
WANTED — By an Englishman, aged 32, any
kind of employment: first-class references. Ad-
dress Box 832, Call office.
AN experienced vineyardlst and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES, 813 Jessie st.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, English, wants
employment; 15 years' experience; town or
country. Address W. WILMOTT. care MRS
HEARTMAN. 935V-. Howard at., S. F.
WANTED— as plumber's assistant by
Ftrong. sober young man. A. HOLLAND 123
Prospect place. *
CARPENTER, general workman, has a good j
chest of tools, well recommended, will work
cheap; city or country. Address Carpenter
164S Mission st. *7 ' er !
STEADY, reliable man wishes situation on
private country place; understands care or
horses, lawn, garden; good references B d
box 820. Call office. " '
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do house-
work and wash dishes, or schoolboy In this
city. YAMAMOTO, 639 Stevenson st ,
SITUATIONS WANTED— Contlnned.
BOY~wantT~nard work. Address box 51, Call
office. -
MAN (middle-aged) understands the care of
horses cows, buggy and garden, wants situa-
tion. Box 821. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as Janitor or
porter: references given if required. Address
box 786, Call office.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
n -a TjivcFV jf. CO Phone Grant 1 5 >
2 waitresses.' first-class country hotel *0;
waitresses, for Marysville Napa. San Mateo.
Bakersfield. Carson City. Nev.. 1 unsmuir and
city. S>2o month; 2 chambermaids to wait.
$20; chambermaid, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., JO4 Geary St.
FAMILY 0RDER5.......... .
" Cook and second girl. San Rafael, $30 and
$25; 6 German or Swedish cooks and house-
girls, $25; cook and laundress. $26; French ;
girl for housework, choice place, $20: French :
girl. 2 in family, for Berkeley, $20; ranch
cook $20. see party here; and many more. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT strong girl to assist with housework
and care children; no washing; 51- to *ia.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS, country restaurant, $20: hotel |
waitress, city, $20; and over 50 girls for
cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutler St.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer as clerk for
this office; one speaking German, French or
Scandinavian language preferred; steady
situation; no fee. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutler st. '
NURSE, infant and sewing, $25; waitress and
parlor maid, $25; French maid to travel, *ZE>;
second girl, $15. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st. -'„' -
GERMAN or Scandinavian cook, no wash,
a short distance, $30; cook, no wash, city.
$30; 6 cooks in American and German fam-
ilies, $25 and $30; and others. J. F. CItOS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. . _
FRENCH nurse, one child, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. ______
REFINED German nurse, 2 Brown children.
$25; German second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
MAID $25 to $30; second girl. $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
TWO girls. Sausalito, $30 and $25, see lady i
here 11 o'clock. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
YOUNG girl assist housework, 2 In family,
$15, Lake County, see lady here. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, delicacy store, $6 per week; girl to serve
as apprentice, delicacy store. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32.", Sutter st.
BOARDING-HOUSE) cook, $30 to $40; second
girl, $25; second girl, $15; houseglrl, American
family of 3, $20; housegirl, small family,
$22 60; German houseglrl, 2 In family, $15;
chambermaid, $15; 25 housegirls. $20 and $25;
8 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
25 GIRLS for housework; 10 girls to assist;
a number of young girls, Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley. MISS DILLON, 315
315 Sutter St.
GIRL or woman for chamberwork and assist
waiting, plain hotel, mining town, $20.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOK wanted for the country, $40 and found.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— A German or Scandinavian widow
for housekeeper In a small family; no ob-
jections to a child. Call this evening after 6
o'clock, 1616 Green, bet. Gough and Franklin.
WANTED— Lady to assist matron at News-
boys' Home; call to-day between 10 and 11
a. m., 549 Howard St., JOS. SIMPSON,
manager.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; $20. 512
Van Ness aye.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
LADY pianist and vocalist for Arizona; good
salary. Call at 6 Eddy st., room 118.
GOOD hand on vests. Apply at 411% Kearny
st., top floor.
GIRL to assist In light housework; wages $10;
small family. 1279 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Lady for darning, mending, 1 day a
week; small family. M. L.. box 836. Call.
WANTED— Good dressmaker Immediately; 75c
day. Apply at 2810 Octavia st.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking. MME.
GOLDSTEIN, 3 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; German de-
scent preferred. 256 Natoma st.
PANTS finishers wanted at 227 Fifth St.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1430 Leav-
worth st.
GIRL for general housework; three In family.
Call from 8 a. m. to 1 p. m., 1275 O'Farrell st.
FINISHER and apprentice on custom pants.
1086 Howard st.
GOOD quick hand on vests; also boy or girl
apprentice. 528 Stevenson st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 1013
Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for housework, small American family;
plain cooking; wages $25. 631 Larkln st.
WOMAN who understands making children's
clothes; $1 day. 619 Larkin st.
FINISHER on pants. S3 Third St., upstairs.
GIRL to learn typesetting: one with some ex-
perience preferred. 606 Market St., room 2.
GOOD hands on vests; also experienced ap-
prentice. 641% Stevenson st.
APPRENTICES with some experience on cus- !
tom-made coats; paid while learning. 214 7th. I
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework: sleep
home. 679 Guerrero St., between 4 and 5 p. m.
GIRL for light housework and take care of
children. Inquire bet. 12 and 1 o'clock, at
440 Ashbury St., near Oak.
OPERATORS on gents' custom shirts. ROG-
ERSON, 635 Valencia st. /:
FINISHERS on custom coats. 106 Battery st.
WANTED — A first-class cook, German, at 1721
Van Ness aye. Call bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
APPRENTICE for hairdressing and manicur-
ing. 652 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress; steady work. COHN,
332 Sutter st.
25 GIRLS for housework; 1 French nurse. 315
Sutter st.
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trance, ladles. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
APPRENTICE on custom pants; paid while
learning. 110 William St., off Geary, near
Taylor.
WAITRESSS wanted: $15 per month and room.
515 Valencia st.
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists;
power. S. F. MFG. CO., 409 A Turk et.
GOOD steady finishers on pants; uljo lew to
learn, steady work. 545 Sanchez St., bet.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on pants. 410
Kearny st., room 20, second floor.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants wanted,
steady work, at 435 Minna st.
GIRL wanted to do housework at 731 Green st.,
near Mason.
NEAT nurseglrl who understands care of baby
$6 to $8. Call 233 Third aye., Geary st. car.
HELP WASTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO . . . . PHON E^GRANT^IISS
15 laborers, new railroad work; ship to-day.
6 teamsters; 5 laborers, city work
10 laborers, Mt. railroad; ship to-night.
blacksmith, see boss here; charcoal burner-
-2 woodchoppers, $150 a cord; 4 milkers, $30,
$25 and $20; German choreman, $17 50; metal !
polisher. $2 a day.
Second cook, summer resort, see party here;
second cook, springs. $30; working head !
waiter. $30; waiter, country hotel, $20; kitch-
en hands. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED Second cook for springs, $30; cook
* for miners, $20; night waiter, dishwasher and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Carriage painter. $2 50 day: Scan-
dinavian coachman. $30; English. Scotch or
Irish gardener. $30; English horseman for
foreman. $40 to $50 and board: choreman for :
ranch, $18; farmers. $15 to $20; boy to learn
5 trade; blacksmith helper. $1 day and hoard.
■Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. -.: . .' , (
WANTED— 4 more quartz miners, $2 day and ; 1
board; 4 gravel miners, $40 and board. Ap- i
Dly to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
MURRAY & READY.. PHONE MAIN SB4B
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
butcher, country, $30 and found: camp black-
smith; ranch blacksmith: blacksmith, coun-
try shop; 10 milkers, city and country. $2.">
and found; German Catholic choreman; man
to drive milk wagon; for ■ large ranch 5
farm hands, $20 and found; (choppers,
coal -miners, laborers, farm bands, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 834 and 636 Clay.st
WANTED— Porter for saloon In city, $25 per
month and board; farmer* for different placet
near city. $20; woodchoppers for good Job
near city, $1 per cord; 4 more tlemakers for
good Job near city; 4 mor« 1 1.111.1 X. -is for
others. W. D. EWER «v CO., M« Clay st.
JOURNEYMEN BarbVni 1 Union Fn>p Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 M.irket at, W. J. BRIDE
SHAW. Secretary.
EXPERIENCED coatmaktrsl also on« who
unde— turned coals. 8. N. WOOD, 718
Market st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
HOTEL department— Porter, country hotel, $20
and found; second baker, $23 and found;
baker $50; waiters, city and country, $25 and
$30: cooks, $30, $35 and $10. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man for hat department. S.
N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In collecting
and delivering goods; must be satisfied with
$10 per week and have $60 cash. 1032 Market
St., room 4.
FIRST-CLASS cabinetmaker. FINK &
SCHINDLER, 1309 Market sit.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. BOWHAY. 516
Sutter st.
WANTED— General tailor and coatmaker for
the country. Apply 7 Montgomery st.
METAL spinner wanted. 686 Mission st.
I GENERAL tailor and coat maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st. ■
WANTED— Experienced pipe organ hand;
wages, etc., to C. R. S.. box Mi, Call.
STRONG boy to press on fine vests; experi-
enced. Room 91. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— Cook for boarding-house. SW. cor.
Bay and Webster sts.
WAITER at 1012 Battery st.
YOUNG first-class barber. 1207 Scott st., bet.
Eddy and Ellis.
GOOD barber; no other need apply. 602 Halght
street.
WANTED— An active, energetic young man for
domestic dry goods department; for. Sacra-
mento. Apply to-day from 2 to 3 p. m., 523
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. THOS. E. KENT.
121 Post st.
WANTED— Good ..onfectioner. Box 827, Call
office.
TAILORS and trimmers on custom coats. 106
Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent: lady of gen-
tleman. Room 4. 40S California st.
WANTED Young man as partner; stock and
fixturrs cost over $600; no experience required;
particulars to-day. 536 California st.
1100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, jeweiry.
pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant tv.
BARBERS' Protective Union, the only legal
organized union of the coast, has authorized
J J HEINZ, its employment secretary, to
extend his services into the country every-:
where and to see that none but reliable help
Is furnished. Office, 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— To rent Ptore and 2 rooms suitable
for 5c barber; entrance on 2 streets; cheap
rent; $S per month. Apply 1690 Mission st.
WANTED— for stationery firm; on*
familiar with the business preferred; good
salary to right man. Address C. W. Call.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from We to $1 50; new shoes.
slightly damaged, one-half price. sfi2 Mission
Ft . bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 350
to r.oc. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Ladies and gentlemen as canvas-
sers; good wages: no experience required.
Call from 1 to 8 p. m. at 373 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
. years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
Inches and 6 feet in height. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting office. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third, st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters Tor steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny ßooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13*4. Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts. . .
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Eleho House, SG3V4 Market st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for f» room: 25c a night: $1 a week. ' -;.-. ■..--.'.,'
AGENTS WANTED.
PRINTERS wanted In every printing office as
agents to sell my printers' tweezers, make-
up and composing rules. A chance for prac-
tical printers to make money; detail furnish-
ed by the manufacturer. Address N., care
E. N. PARKER, Springfield, Mass.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out: sample postpaid, 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED to rent or buy— Wall tent about 12x
14. 835 McAllister St.
WANTED — Second-hand projectoscope and
films; also second-handed stereoptlcon outfit.
Box Sl7. Call office.
SCRAP Iron, brass and copper bought: coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.
— — —^ ~— i— —^— i^^—
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood b Ig., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling, 50c: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 1206 Market st cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fitllngs a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. ~0~
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction
j guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth,
$4: filling, cold. 50c: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
LOST.
LOST— 4. a square locket with diamond
in center and monogram M. W. and date June
20. 1889. Liberal reward If returned to 632
Golden Gate aye.
LOST A lady's tan purse, containing $S 50 in
money and a S. P. K. H. pass. Keep money
and return pass to 2615 Buchanan st.. S. F.
LOST— Small blue and tan dog, named "Little
Man. Return to Haquettee, Palace of Art.
16 Post St.: $10 reward. " l -
OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bought:
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant nv.
' CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. II STEVENS Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
bentlng Works. 3:>S-.&7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.
Tel Main 304. GEO. WAX.COM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 225: lowest, rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
BTRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St.; tel Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
nt.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-heating Works. 333 Golden
Gatt aye.; tel East 126.
PHYSICIANS. T~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELLToffIce anoTTesldencir
1021V4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-^JlS'.f!; MONEY-MAKING ofTer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
GINGLETRKE for protection of trees; every
farmer of iruit crower needs them; small
■ cost of manufacturing. 'Particulars of R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st., room 6.
A— ?CO; CORNER saloon, with living rooms,
.en Fifth st.. near Market; rent $30; average
daily receipts ... fine lUtures, cash register.
no. WILKE, 5i6 Marke\ st., room S.
A— WAGON and carriage shop; repairing and
manufacturing of farming Implements; in
•lively country town, '■. lame County; estab-
-11 shed many years; tools $400; stock at invoice
price; .1 splendid chance for good, steady man
who Knows his business. CaU R. G. WILKE. '
:•;•', Market St., room S.
A -{*»'; RAILROAD boarding-house in Oak-
lar.d; first-class paying; be*t class of board-
ers: liuce rooms; koo.l furniture; rent $20.
Particulars of WILKE. 906 Market, room 8.
A— sSso; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms, on Market Bt. ; doing a good-paying
business; owner bought transfer business.
Particulars of WILKE. !>O6 Market, room 8.
GENERAL* merchandise store connected with
post of flee in lively country town: no oppo-
sition; Including building, 2 lots 15x150;
tiCPO; stock of merchandise about $3000;
rarest chance. For particulars call WILKE
& UNFUG, 90S Market st.
KCJ— CIGAR stand. Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
;:«i-PAKTNER wanted in mechanical busi-
ness; well established, fast-growing trade;
steady work, not haTd; Rood wages and a
chance to set rich; no experience reuuired
VVESTERJs' INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
:-•■- MKAT market;, no opposition; $100 a
month cl.>ar; 4 horses; 2 wagons; refrigerator;
.1 day trade; a bargain; trial given.
v ESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
TO buyi or sell your business quick, for cash
GUS STRAND & CO., IG27H Market st.
SlfO-FAItTNKR wanted In one of the oldest
business openings, established 25 years; sure
;-: or more each per •nth: light office work;
experience not necessary. Apply GUS
•?:.\ND & CO.. H'g'Vj Market Bt.. above 6th
A- ;--''— CORNER drug store; doctor's prac-
•vorth $300 a month; receipts $20 dally;
c for a physician. KREDO & CO.. -- .
-BRANCH bakery. d*l!cacy~and~an~
•<. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary st.
... -FINE-PAYING butcher shop: does cash
1 ■..-.mess' of no dally; old established corner;
te!is 4 cattle, 25 sheep weekly; don't miss
this bargain. N'BERG CO., 26H Geary.
$1300-^-SALOON and restaurant (including build-
ing* : netting $200 monthly; full investigation.
$225— Saloon; good corner; fine fixtures; do-
ing good ■ ness. Nat. Agency, 7 Grant aye.
YOU can double your money In salmon can-
r.ery shares: only a few 'left. See CLARK &
CO.. room 509. Examiner building.
BARBER shop that is worth buying; running
2 chairs: can be bought cheap if applied for
Immediately to D. BTOLT2, 630 Market st.
SALOON; bargain; will sell at great sacrifice.
Mclaughlin a cc. 777 Market st.
A— TO buy^r sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., IOOSVi Market st.
FOR sale— Well-eetablished printing office for-
merly conducted by the late • HAS. W. LIEU,
at 220 Sutter St., room "', will be disposed of
at a reasonable offer. For particulars call at
above ot'llce or 212 Pennsylvania aye.
$300 WILL buy a nice candy and icecream
business, centrally located, in San Jose; a
gfod opening for man and wife: must be sold.
■ Address B. W. ERSON, 72 North First
ft., San Jose. Cal.
FOR sale— Rare business opportunity; whole-
sale commission business established 30 years;
to close estate. C. P. ■ :allaghan, at-
torney for estate. Mills building.
WANTED— Reliable man with $1000 'to Incor-
porate established liquor business; good out-
side trade:. no agents. Box 776. Call office.
OOOE old corner grocery; only fixtures to buy;
rare chance for man with small means. C.
WILLMOTT. Dl 6 Market st.
(100 FOR stock and fixtures of saloon and lunch
house; 2 living rooms; good for man and
wife. Inquire Call office.
$200 — MANUFACTURING business: large
prof.ts: no competition. Call forenoons or ad-
dress n> Eddy st., room 4.
NEWSPAPER route; business portion of Oak-
lan 1: a No. 1 route. C. F. W., 501 Jones St.,
Or.kla r.d.
FOR sale — Millinery store; lons established;
sickness cause for felling. Box fc37. Call office.
RESTAURANT fixtures cheap at 1245 Ken-
tucky st. Apply 234 O'Farrell St.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; new premises.
16 Mason st.
WANTED— To buy a restaurant; must be
cheap. T. S., 113 Eighth st.
JIOO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewels.
Fllver, piano*, guns, sealskins, i-'.'.f.s, paint-
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS". 13 Grant iv*,
SALOON for sale In good location. Inquire at
O5 Third st.
GRAND restaurant outfit complete cheap; place
to let. Apply E. 1 31 * Jones st.
R00 — COFFEE and chop house; doing good
r.uslnees. Apply at 625 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — Dry, goods business. Address P. O.
box, 112 • nicia, i'al.
HOWARD. S33— Vienna Beer Ha!!; for %ale
cheap on account of discontinuing partner-
i-hlp.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole, part; cheap. NE. cor. Valley, Dolores.
WAFFLE wagon; complete; 1 horse; everything
■ new; $300. 2106 Mason st.. In rear.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply 1737
Hyde st.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Uklah. Oal.
FOR sale en account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
■Rill exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halght St.
JOHN ' REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to cell his tailoring business. Including stock
and good will. 340 Third st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it.
LODGING HOUSES FOR /SALE.
HT^r^DECKERnMO Market st.
11-room house in Angels Camp $450
13-room house; central; $100 cash 300
20 rooms: rent $90; on Mission bt 1300
64-room house; cltars $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth Ft ' 450
C-room flat; cheap rent 175
2S-room house; clears Jl3O 550
24-room house: new furniture... 750
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new and good 800
It-room: fine corner; must sell 900
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, IC2O Market gt.. opp. Sth.
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture; $300 cash.
balance payments. PECKER. . 1020 Market.
A-I<REDO & 0..... 22 ; OEARY St!
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAIN'S
A FKW DAY? ONLY.
$600 — 44 rooms; fine business corner.
$3fio_9 rooms: a give away.
Many others from 6 to 300 rooms, from $150
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
WINSTON & C 0 ............... 1026 Market st.
1? rooms; cheap rent; one floor •• $150
20 rv,mj- rent $75: north of Market: snap. 800
23 ms; brand new; give away 800
i 2 ms; will exchange; corner 1000
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 9 rooms; "newly
furnished; low rent; owner obliged to go
north. 17 Powell St., upstairs.
$3;o— GREAT bargain: SO rooms: $350 cash, bal-
ance easy payments from Income of house.
l ft s New Montgomery-
A— loo lodclrttf houses; prices from $125 to
rWO. GUS STRAND & CO., 1027 V. Market St.
$600— 6 NAP: I room house; near Market; cen-
tral; must sell this week. Baslle. *73V_ Market.
6-ROOM house, furniture In good order; will
Fell reasonable. 276 Minna st.
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant an
FOR sale— l 9 rooms, where a good living" can
te rnHde: ch°ap. i - '. ■■M ':; st. .
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
faying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mln-
<;ulo«y. surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
rtructlon. mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
rthand, typing, languages, English; 24
t--achers lav and evening; catalogue free.
JIEALU'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AN experienced English teacher will take a
few private pupils; particular attention given
to nervous and backward pupils and to la-
dies and gentlemen, whose education has
i-fen neglected. Box R3O, Call.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 672-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRKS' Business College. 723 Market St.;
ehorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, J5O: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. BAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1256 Market St.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.:
ept. 18*54. VAN DEB N'AILLEN. 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's
lemy of Languages, 320 Post ablest profs.
MARGARET JACKSON, professor piano, har-
mony, voice culture. Studio 523 Turk St. '
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 cages. In wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS/' .■'■T~ "' -.
Sell 8 lbs rolled oats, 25c; 10-lb sack cornmeal,
20c; butter. 25c square: 19 lbs granulated
sugar. $1; flour, 88c sack;' tomatoes, 90c doz.;
sugar corn. $1 doz; picnic hams, 7V4e lb; 20
lbs rice. $1; 25 lbs raisina, $1; macaroni. 25c
a box; 2 lbs fine coffee. 25c. LINCOLN BROS..
_ cash grocers, 226 Sixth St., above Folsom.
WANTED— gold and sliver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell,
bet. Powell and Mason.
YOUR hair won't fall out of you use Lederer's
Quintonlca. 35c bot.; Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo. 5c i'kir. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the best hairdresser In the city,
but he charges only 25c; longest hair rolls,
3.'c: good switches. $1; fine. $2 50. Open Sun-
days 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission st.. near 20th
— Greatgst fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward,
HIE THIENG. 26 Glasgow St., first-class Chl-
nese laundry, removed to 338 Minna st.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order, $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples pent all over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Putter St., Law a Specialty.
6an Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
SUPERFLUOUS hair . removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment Pimple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this w?ek
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Halr-
dresslng Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices:
$1 a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.: $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guaranfd.
PRIVATE residence for ladies In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE. 1418 Sth. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no in-
_ jecti' lKKunrntd Dr.Gordin.M4 Plne.ab. Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 60; bedim nets $S; bed loung-
es $4 60; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing. furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers: formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over: perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel. 60c; by letter. 50c;
meetings every night. 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. lIS Haight st. '
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 2.V: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at . 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a me-
dium has startled the entire world, Her
power is acknowledged by press and public tc
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply Is most gratifying: all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller theii
name and for what they came. She give*
• advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
< nd sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 50c; gents. $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MIPS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
mist and planets. 28 Sixth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 158Vj sth, r 21.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mißslon.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; businest
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's 'picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine. 3383 Twenty-first- St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1*71; reading by mall. $1.
SCMSKFLPOCS HAIR _^__
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently .removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bust
Et. : 15 years' experience: references given.
MUSICAL IWSTRUMENTB.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $<
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Suttei
Fts.. San Francisco, . and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $12(
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, In fine order.
Estey. used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe, used sever
months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO. Chlckerlng Agents,
16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
' 26 28 and 30 O'Farrell Ft.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -' :; '-.~- - ■ •
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of th«
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st. ._
A GRAND opportunity to save money In th<
purchase of a high grade piano for cash this
week. Room 12. Flood building.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted: send
postal card to COOKE, 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms. 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, Stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental,
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., f,CO Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent foi
Francis Bacon and Hallett .' Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, II
McAllister Ft., next Hibernla Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byrot
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~~
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law
6th floor; Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at
tachments, bankruptcy, all case^; wills, con
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private
no fee without success; collections. G. W
HOWE atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton
AM no lawyer, but in divorce matters will glvi
full information free; strictly confidential
Box 831. Call office-
L, S CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 92'
Markot; consultation free: no fees In advance
advice free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
. STORAGE. '. [c
rALA~^tTraift- Warehouse, F. SMITH prop.
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25
iMvurF- RI'DOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
mrfce 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main S7U
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company pack
ing? advance. etc 735 Market: tel. Black ill
'• TO • LEASE.
TO lease— For wholesale and retail wine ane
liquor business, store with large light base
mint on very prominent downtown corner
Apply to" WILLLUI HENDRICKSON & CO.
614 Call building. -,
~~ "' BICYCLES. .
$21 CASH buys nearly new « 98 . high-grade bi
| cycle; rare bargain. Address box 843. Call.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; good for lodging house. In-
quire 1153 Howard St.. nr. Bth; two entrances.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V4 Morris aye.. near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. '
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, 685 Guerrero st.
j HOUSE to let and furniture of 7 rooms for
I sale. 12 Laskie, off Mission, bet. Bth and Sth.
$250— GREAT bargain; nice furniture of six
room flat; rent $22. 215 Guerrero, nr. 14th.
FURNISHED FLATS.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 7 rooms': also
{"■'•o piano In use only three months; for sale
cheap. Call forenoons from S to 12 m. at 775
O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON. 333— cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st. ; rent $6. >-•• r- .C
COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; 1% blocks from
Market Ft. 132 Rose aye., bet. Gough and
Octavla sts. ' _^^^^^
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO, 458. near Market— Fine new sunny
upper double flat. 10 rooms; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments; rent $22. 1307 Eddy st.
1 FOUR sunny rooms and bath: in good repair.
1718 Leavenworth Ft. : rent $12.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of lints from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
4-ROPM upper flat: sunny side. Army St.,
bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
707 Stockton; 6 r $2« 720 Montg'y ay.; 5 r..514
• 1609 Turk; S r 17 19 Erkson crt; 5 r.. 11
• 132S Hayes; 6 r.... 18 650 Jessie; 3 r 10
IC9G Page; 3 r 15 1 250 Tehama; 4 r 8
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
4C78 TWENTY-THIRD 6t.. near Castro: upper
Funny 6 rooms: $15.
fi97 Noe St., corner Nineteenth: upper 5 rooms;
$17. .
' j LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
j UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
i ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window,
mantel, kitchen; blue flame or gas; $12.
. FIFTH. Completely furnished hkpg. rms.,
j single or double; private family; rent low.
; ; FELL, 26—2 front sunny rooms; running water;
reasonable: also small room, $3.
■ GEARY. 574— Large sunny neatly furnished
front room r. bath; private family.
I GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1410— Finely furnished
alcove and kitchen; 3 closets; running water;
; bath adjoining; cheap.
GUERRERO. 129— Housekeeping rooms to rent;
nicely furnished.
i
GRANT aye., 15— The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HARRISON. ■ 731— Four rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; bath; rent
1 $16.
! HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— Desirable
housekpg rooms for 2; use of parlors; reas.
HOWARD. 953H— Front bay-window room,
$2 60; also lovely sunny room, $1 75; bath,
HOWARD. 525— or two rooms complete for
; housekeeping: reasonable.
" HOWARD, 106S— Sunny front bay-window
• room, hot and .cold water: complete; $1 50 wk.
• HOWARD, 1126, top floor— Sunny suites and
'■ single; also housekeeping rooms.
. JACKSON, 1501 A— 2 large bay-window sunny
r rooms; keeping; gas and range.
I JESSIE, 439. bat Fifth and Sixth— l large
connecting rooms complete; housekeeping;
1 regular kitchen; $10.
[ MCALLISTER, 538— Sunny suite furnished for
housekeeping; sink: range; bathr laundry.
j I MINNA. 046— Furnished rooms, complete for
I i housekeeping: large yard. .
■ MINNA. 725, bet. Eighth and Ninth— Two nice
unfurnished rooms; bay-window; front
garden; big yard.
• MINNA, 743—5 rooms: rent $11; near Ninth.
MISSION, Large rooms, complete for
• I housekeeping. $2 a week.
MONTGOMERY, 1402. corner Filbert— 3 sunny
• ; housekeeping rooms. $9 per month.
I NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
■ ! suit; stove; water; %as; rent $11; also single.
i NOE, 151—2 pleasant front rooms, first floor;
■ ! coal stove ;• tubs; bath; yard; $10.
PINE, 1931—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
with bath and stationary wash tubs.
POWELL, 418—2 housekeeping rooms, furnished
- ' or unfurnished.
SEVENTH. 178— Sunny front room's for house-
> keeping; sink and yard; $9 and $10 per month.
SHIPLEY, 261—4 housekeeping rooms, $8; no
children, no animals; house new.
; SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms.
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed-
! room; furniture all new; $2 per week, $S per
month. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second sts.
[ THIRD, 309—2 large rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; $2 50 per week.
; TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping. ■
J VAN NESS aye., 400 — Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms; gas range.
i WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping room* new-
r ly papered, $5 per month.
1 WASHINGTON. 1322, near Jones— 2 rooms, fur-
-1 nished or unfurnished for housekeeping; rent
[ low.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
j I 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET.
1 ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
• In every respect: terms reasonable. / -
- AT Hotel Francisco, i Turk and Taylor Fts.—
' ! ' Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
j bath; rooms. 60c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
1 AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
I BUSH. 534, The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
I BUSH, 726— Sunny front room for gentleman;
s $7 per month; reference.
EDDY, 468— Neatly furnished large front sunny
1 room; also smaller room; $16 and $8.
ELLIS, 204. corner Mason •(Clifford) — A sunny
, corner suite and other sunny rooms; prices
reasonable.
ELLIS, 821— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
week or month at cut rate, prices; cheaper
than any house in the city.
' ELLIS, 418— Grand Carnot— Nice front
- rooms; suite and single; $1 60 to $6 week.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
- bay-window; mantel; gas.
ELLIS, 742 Nicely furnished sunny rooms:
suitable for 2; gas and bath; housekeeping.
FIFTH, 1534 — Sunny suit of rooms suitable for
dressmaking or office; other rooms; quiet
1 house. . I
- GEARY, 14A— Single room, running water, $1 25
per week. -.: :;■.-':/'•
- GEARY. 656 — Elegant sunny front and back
parlor suites; other rooms; piano; telephone.
- GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; 'moderate rates: families.
I GROVE, Corner bay-window suite; incan-
. . descent lights; dentl6t or doctor; other rooms.
' HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
i, rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
• HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
1 homelike; $1 a week.
6 HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
KEARNY, 305, corner Bush— Remodeled; new
_ furniture: several choice sunny front rooms.
" LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
■ statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
" LEAVENWORTH, Double furnished and
single sunny; reasonable.
" MCALLISTER, 726. above Gough— Nicely fur-
; nished room, with gas; reasonable.
" MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
= MISSION. 825— Suite of two rooms first floor;
also front room suitable for two gentlemen.
1 MISSION, 2035, near 16th— Young man to share
nicely furnished front room; $3 50.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
' yator; electric lights: day. week or month.
■ PERRY, 174— Large room, double bed; suitable
for couple; bath: rent reasonable.
POST, Furnished rooms for gentler"«n.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ROYAL House, 126^Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
POLK, 610— nicely furnished room for one or
two; gas, bath; private family.
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409. and Mint aye.. 22, near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rooms: grate: $1 up.
TURK. 303%— Parlor floor; 3 unfurnished rooms.
$17; furnished $20: bath.
. HOARDING AND ROOMS.
BOARD and sunny room for two persons; $30.
Van Ness and Bush. Box 838. Call office.
ELLIS, 618— Nice sunny rooms, with good
board, use of parlor and piano, $20 each.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boardlne. witu
room. $4 ft week- up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY.. 822— Front suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist; single rooms; board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
POST. 509. near Mason— Pleai-ant sunny rooms,
with excellent board: meals at all hours.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable: private family: board opt'l.
RESTAURANTS. .
PERINI'S. 16 Mason ft— French dinner. 60c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte; prl. rms. for ladies.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 15c dishes, with
Email coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to i
p. m 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
rrwm nirl.-.r lO.Vi Markot.: poniilar jirWv
CHILDKE:. HOARDED.
GOOD home for children. $8 per month. 210
Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar; good location; low rent;
living rooms. Apply 336 Third st.
STORE and 2 living rooms; cellar; gas fixtures;
large show window. Apply 417% Third st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain is warning;
Mayerle's glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting, itching, discharging, burning,
twitching, scratching, inflamed eyes and
falling sight; Danger Signals and Mayerle'3
Self-fitting System mailed free; write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE,. German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians 1071% Market St.. San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention: all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post bt., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
"without injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1223 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
cafe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parlies
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialist!!
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
. A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more. cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure'; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
?4 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free Aid . confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
a ye. — Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and'
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Ft. ; $1 50. Send 2o stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; *2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs. ;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.'
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, Ireats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
LIBERAL commission for Information of tools
and machinery for sale. EPSTEIN. 648 Mis-
sion st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
EDISON Mimeograph complete for printing,
writing or sheet music, $12 50. 618 Fell st.
1 TO Sheriffs and others— Nearly new English
made revolver; also shotgun. A., box 526,
Call Office.
DRILL press, boring machine, 20-Inch planer
and emery grinding machine. 1634 , Mission.
A 4Sxl6 RETURN tubular boiler, complete. See
owner, WHITE, 516 Mission st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second ■ hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
CREAMERY machinery for sale;, a bargain;
almost new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; sold separately or together. Apply
box 447, Petaluma. Cal.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
• PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. -THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— 1 horsepower, $100; 2. $125;
! 3, $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
j fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
i | SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold/exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. .
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$10,500— Fine investment near Market and Va-
lencia; corner lot, 52:6x85: splendid Improve-
ments; all rented; mortgage, $6000, can remain.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$3250— Clementina st., near Fourth: 2 2-story
houses; store and flats; rent $39; mortgage of
$2100 can remain. ■
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3500— Church and Clipper; 2-story building;
store and flat; lot 30x100.
A HOME AT THE MISSION.
$200 CASH: $20 MONTHLY.
$12,500— Rent $10S; modern stores and flats on
the best portion of loth St.; extra large lot 60x
110.
$1900— Twenty-sixth st., near Castro; nice
bay-window cottage; contains 5 rooms and
bath: this property is cheap at $2500.
$4850—124 Beulah St., close to Golden Gate
Park. bet. Waller and Frederick: lot 25x137:6.
with brand-new 2-story bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc. finished basement;
street accepted: open Sunday.
GREAT BARGAIN.
$2300— Handsome new bay-window cottage, 6
rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x120: Fourteenth aye..
near Clement St.; facing proposed drive con-
necting the Park with the Presidio. •
$9000— Clay st., near Battery; 2-story brick
building: store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70.
$8250— Fine business corner on Seventeenth
St.; new corner building, containing store and
flat of 5 rooms above; also new building con-
taining 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents
$74: all rented; this property is a fine Invest-
ment. - ■■'-'•
$12,000— Rent $102: Hayes St., near Baker; lot
50x187:6; 6 flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; all
rented.
$6500—1315 Ma.son St., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 8-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath: also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
horses.
$8760— Rent $S7: Folsom-st. corner: 5 tenants;
lot 25x112:6; a splendid interest-paying property.
$7250—2 fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero st. ;
rent $62 50: lot 25x100.
$400 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$4000 — New corner residence; Dolores st. ; con-
tains 7 large sunny rooms; latest sanitary
plumbing; large lot. 33x100; portion of lot va-
cant and plenty of room for another building.
$f.OO CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$5000— new residence, 8 rooms; hardwood
floors: beautifully decorated rooms: latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole at.,
pear Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$3500— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot
25xS0; ground rent $20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOTS!!! PARK LOTS!!'.
SELLING LIKE HOT CAKES.
Take a car to-day and b« the improvements
going on in Sunset District. Note the large
amount of street work being done. See the
homes being built, etc. Sunset is the most
thriving and progressive section of the city,
and is a splendid place to* Invest in lots.
Lots facing on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh ayes. at prices ranging from $200 up-
ward. --'- ■ ' -
TERMS $25 CASH,
$5 MONTHLY.
Take the Halght or Ellls-st. cars and transfer
to the electric road which runs to the Cliff
House, get off at H st. and >.'inth aye. We
have a branch office there. Always open,
Sundays included.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A SPLENDID home in beautiful Santa Rosa.
$10,000 — For sale or exchange, about 4 acres,
within 2 blocks of business center; fronting 195
feet on the best residence street;. lmprovements
consist of a handsome residence containing 12
large rooms, etc.: cost $15,000 to bui.d: beau-
tiful lawn, shrubbery, etc. .
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery '"st.
COTTAGE In Mill Valley; $3250; easy terms, or
will exchange for San Francisco property; in
best portion of Mill Valley, near station; ex-
tra large corner lot, with good cottage of 6
rooms, bath, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. »
FOR SALE— Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x114; warm belt of the Mission. GEO. W.
H.PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market St.
$1600— COZY; new; 4 rooms; bay-window house;
10 foot brick basement: stable. 1439 Shotwell.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other goad security; payable,
back In installments or as a whola; If you
' owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
*!•»: avoid red tape and publicity; gee us flnit;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bide., 1170 Market st.
LOANS 1 on furniture or pianos In B. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; - no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission Bt., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. I.
HIGHLY respectable and private ' place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery St., S. F. ■
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bdlg., 130 Powel! St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 28 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50.000:' lowest rates; Ist and Id mortff. :
any proposition. Pryien. 413 Montgomery St.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 F,mi>.mlner blu.
_______
PKOFO .VALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
ana Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4, 1599.
In accordance with resolution No. 2587
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received In open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17. 1899, from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings. In strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed in
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3, 1899, copies of which can
be seen by intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No. 26
Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that all the material mentioned
in the specifications shall be manufactured In
the State of California, and that all labor
necessary in the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary In the erection
and completion of the work mentioned in the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing In the State of California.
And It ip to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
■ persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank In
the city and county of San Francisco In a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of their bid. and the party •or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter into a bond
in a sum equal to one-fourth (Vi) of the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
' faithful performance of tne contract.
Bidders will estimate and» state a price on
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wit:
First— For all furniture. Including all metal
grill work In connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners' docks: all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelving
and vault doors; ventilators, Bertlllon sys-
tem- photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture.
Second— For' gas and electric combination
fixtures.
Third— For water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— For electrical apparatus, switch
board and telephone system.
Bidders will bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will be
awarded for each class to the lowest respon-
sible bidder.
For any further information required as to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messrs.
Shea & Shea.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former notice
in three dally newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
cation In the official newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his contract. •
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forma
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the city and county
of San Francisco In a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
If the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fall or
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award Is made, then and
. In that case the said sum shall be collected
and paid Into the Cltv and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so reaalres.
. JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$20,000— An elegant piece of downtown prop-
erty, finely situated, a few blocks from
Market st.: at small outlay could be
niade to pay $400 per month.
CALIFORNIA-ST. FLATS.
$B,soo— Two elegant flats on California st..
near Polk: choice neighborhood; rents
$66 per month; lot 27:6x«7:6 feet.
•NORTH OF MARKET FLATS.
$2,6oo— Rents $27 per month; two nice flats of
4 rooms, bath and basement; near Jones.
INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$2.6oo— Rents $396 per annum: 4 fine flats of 4
rooms each; separate basement; street
bitumintzed; cement sidewalk: lot 26x
100 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGES.
$2,ooo— Rents $16: nice cottage of 3 rooms and
bath, near Post St.; lot 25x94:6 feet.
$I.soo— Cottage of 4 rooms, near Franklin St.;
street work all done; lot 25x60 feet.
NORTH BEACH COTTAGE.
$I,SO0 — Nice cottage of 4 rooms, near Dupont
and Lombard sts.; street work all done:
must be sold.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Will sell for debts and expense a well-
built cottage in one of the 'jest parts
of Mission, near 30th and Valencia; at
a small expense can b» made into fiats.
ASHBI'RY HEIGHTS FRENCH FLATS.
Rents $43 per month; must be sold im-
mediately; no offer refused; 4 flats well
built; wood mantels, etc. concrete
foundation; street work all done; near
Golden Gate Park.
RICHMOND BARGAIN.
$500— 2HX120; east line :Uh, aye., near Point
Lobos aye.; work all done; must be sold.
BARGAINS IN LOT*?.
$3,000—27:6x137:6; Bush St., near Laguna.
$2.500 — 25x100; Oak St., near Masonic aye.
$2,600— 25x137:6— McAllister, near Baker.
$I,Bso—2sxl37— Golden Gate aye., near Baker.
$6,000—25x100; Golden Gate aye.: corner.
$2,200— 25x137:6— Page St., near Laguna.
$1,300— 25x137:6— Car1, near Willard.
$2,6oo— 7oxl37:6— California, near Franklin.
$2,750— 27:6x127:8%— Va11ej0, near Buchanan.
We hold one regular auction sale
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE 4-CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
POST, near Van Ness aye.— Fine residence; lot
27:6x137:6; choice location. A. J. RICH &.
CO., 112 Montgomery Bt.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4800.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained In a
new building; street bltumtnlzed; terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, cor.
Twentieth and Castro sts.
A— s4soo; COTTAGE house; 6 rooms and bath;
lot 25x87:6: Broderlck st., near Washington.
A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
A— s32oo; LOT 25x187:6; McAllister, near Devls-
adero; convenient to cable and electric cars.
A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
FULTON, opp. Alamo square— Large residence;
lot 30x127:6; fine view. A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery st.
SACRAMENTO st.. near Polk— Double houeeT
20 rooms; large lot. A. J. RICH & CO., 112
Montgomery st.
EASY terms— Pine, near Taylor; house, 8 rooms
and bath: good renting locality. A. J. RICH
& CO., 112 Montgomery St.
HAIGHT and Central aye.— Choice lot for flats;
3 frontages. A. J. RICH & C 0... 112 Mont-
gomery st.
$6500— UNION St., near Buchanan: lot 27:6x110;
nice residence. A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Mont-
gomery st.
GREATEST bargain in the State (one week
only)-* acres Improved: Fruitvale; cost $8000,
for $3150; $1200 cash, balance can remain.
Delicacy store and harness shop on Mis-
sion et.; rent $10 and $20; income home of
80 acres Santa Cruz County, for exchange.
A. W. ROBINSON. 22U Geary St., room 27.
COIXTRY REAL ESTATE.
NEW rich land, near city;' small and large
tracts: 2150 acres soiu to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., S. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwcod. Shasta County. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS!
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1000— CONTRA COSTA County; small 7anchT
6 1-3 acres: house and barn; 1-acre orchard;
alfalfa fields ; great bargain; good order. C
K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR Sale— Three modern houses, 8 rooms. Just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN, 3d & Washington sts., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
LADY in Fruitvale having pleasant hom°,
wishes to board and room four business youj*}
ladies; references exchanged. MRS. C. JAS-
PER, Fruitvale P. O .
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALEL
AN Introduction to you from H. Pchellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~MAERIAQE^ICENSES!~
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Theodore J. Roche and Myrtle R^ H011i5.... 22-20
M. L. McGladdery and Annie C. Petersen. .2S-21
Nathan C. Twining and Caroline S. Baker. 3o-21
Charles E. Green and Alice G. MfDermott.23-lS
BIRTHS— MARRIAOES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BERETTA— In this city. April 2. 1899. to the
wife of Fred- Beretta, a daughter.
BLACK— In this city, March 25, 1899, to the
wife of Charles M. Black, a daughter.
LANDMANN— In this city, March 26. 1599. to
! the wtfe of Carl F. Landmann, a daughter.
PAVILLE— In this city, April 4, 18i>9, to the
wife of Hairy D. Savllle. a daughter.
diedT"
Alexander. David G. Lathrop, Henry C.
Brown, Evelina E. Lenhoff, Paulina
Brutcher, Edna H. McCullough, Robert
Conway, John McKeown, Alice
Cronin, Lucy B. Martin, John
Delaney, James E. Newman. Betsy W.
Dodge. John L. Ottenheimer, Isaac
Elvick, Martin Parker. Joseph M.
Fallon. Annie Petcovich, John
Gallardo. Miss Josle Post. Ella H.
Hackett, Thomas Reveler. Louis
Hanley, Philip Rosenberg Fredericka
Hnrkins, Rosana Schultz, William
Hausuke. Robert Spreckels. John
Janke. John Toklas. Johanna
Kennedy, Hugh Yon der Lieth, F. H.
Knox, Emile T.
ALEXANDER— In this city, April 3, 1899,
David G., beloved husband of Isabella Alex-
ander, son of Mrs. Janet Alexander, and
brother of Mrs. E. Laws and .iss Roblna.
William. Archibald, Robert and John Alex-
ander, aged 43 years 11 months and 10 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1240 Broadway, Alameda. Inter-
ment private, Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. Please omit flowers.
BROWN— In this city, April 2, 1599, Evelina
Edith, beloved and only daughter of Mrs.
Cornelia A. and the late Hon. George Crozier
Brown.
(TirThe funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at St.
Stephen's Church, Fulton street, between
Webster and Flllmore. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BRUTCHER— In this city, April 4. 1899, Edna
Harriet, beloved daughter of J. A. and Georg-
iana Brutcher. a native of San Diego, aged
10 years 9 months and 12 days.
(^Funeral private this day (Wednesday),
at 1 o'clock, at 57 Pleasant street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CONWAY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 4, 1899. John Conway, a native of Ire-
land, aged 46 years.
CRONIN— In this city, April 4. 1899. Lucy 8..
beloved daughter of H. J. and Lucy M. Cro-
nin, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
and 4 days.
DELANEY— In this city, April 2. 1899. James
E., beloved huwband of Lillie Delaney, son of
the 'late James and Brldcet Delaney, and
brother of John, Mary. William. Frank and
Margaret Delaney. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years.
(tT'Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Rose'a Church, wher«
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. v-il:'-'-
DODGE— In this city, April -3. 1899, John Louis,
dearly beloved and only child of J. L. and
Phoebe Dodge, and grandson of Mrs. R. M.
Dodge and Mrs. L. Nolte. : native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 15 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. L. Nolte, 634 Jessie street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
ELVICK— In this city, April 4. 1899, Martin
Elvlck. a native of .Norway, aged 32 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Etehth. Interment Laurel " ill Cemetery.
FALLON— In this city. April 2. 1899. Annie Fal-
lon. beloved mother of T. T. Fallon. Mrs.
Fred Beretta and Mrs. Rettie Hall, a native
of Scotland, aged 69 years 6 months and 8
days. : .- : -
GALLARDO— In this city, April 4, 1899, Miss
■ Josie G. Gallardo, age<* 30 years.
HACKETT— In this city. April 4. 1599. Thomas
Hackett, formerly of Sutter Creek. Amador
County, a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged
76 years 4 months and 19 days.
KTTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), from St. Mary's Hospital chapel,
where mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 7:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANLEY- In th» City and County Hospital,
April 4. 1899. Philip Hanley, a native of Ire-
land, aged 46 years.
HARKINS— In the City and. County Hospital,
April 4, 1899. Rosana Harkins. a native of
Ireland, aged 70 years.
KAUSUKE— this city, April 3. 1899, Rob-
ert Hausuke, a native of Germany, aged 44
years 2 months and 12 days.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
thence to Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street,
where the services will be held, commencing
' at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of North
Beach Lodge No. 9. O. d. H. Sons. Interment
Lauijel Hill Cemetery.
JANKE— In this city. April 4. 1899. John, dearly
beloved husband of Guesene Janke, and father
of Dora Janke, a native of Saxony, Germany,
aged 42 years and 12 days. A member of
Hermann Stamm No. 224. U. O. R. M. .
(E7'Remalnß at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
KENNEDY— In this city, April 4. 1899, Hugh,
beloved husband of Mary Kennedy, and
father of Hugh, Christopher and Sadie Ken-
nedy and Mrs. T. F. Casey, a native of
County Meath, Ireland, aged 59 years. A
member of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W.
(Jersey and Newark papers please copy.)
!C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 790 Harrison street, between Third and
' Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KNOX— In this city, April 2, 1899, Emile Tem-
pest, beloved son of Mr. George T. and Es-
telle Knox. and brother of Mrs. Edith Ins-
worth and Miss Carolyn and George J. Knox,
a native of San Francisco, aged IS years and
2 months. ■- , '• . .;
CTThe funeral will take place this day
■ (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Igna-
tius Church, where a requiem mass will be
offered for the repose of his soul. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
LATHROP— Henry Clay Lathrop. a native of
Albany, New York, departed this life at 3
p. m.. April 3, 1899, aged 64 years 10 months
and 14 days. , ■' j-
(CT Funeral services at the residence of his
sister, Mrs. Leland Stanford, corner Califor-
nia and Powell streets, this (Wednesday)
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. Services strictly
private. Please omit flowers.
LENHOFF-In this city, April 4. 1899, Paulina,
beloved wife of William H. Lenhoff. a na-
tive of Finland, aced 24 years 1 month and
4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 110 A Valparaiso street, between Filbert
and Greenwich, Taylor and Jones. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McCULLOUGH— In San Mateo County, April 2.
1599, Robert, dearly beloved husband rf Ma-
mie McCullough, father of Harold McCui-
lough, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Agnes McCullough. and brother of Mamie
McCullough, Mrs. Charles Erickson and Mrs.
■ William McOrath, a native of San Francisco.
aged 26 years and 5 months. A member of
v San Francisco Council No. 7. Y. M. I.
CTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
dence. 1107 Treat avenue, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs
Cemetery.
V M I —To the officers and members of San
Francisco Council No. 7, Y. M. I.: You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral Of our
late brother, Robert McCullough. from his
late residence. 1107 Treat . venue, between
Folsom and Harrison, Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth streets, this day (Wednesday),
at 815 o'clock sharp. Fines for non-attena-
ance will be strictly -gagg^ president .
G. M. KELLY. Rec. Sec.
McKEOWN— An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated for the late Alice Mc-
Keown to-morrow (Thursday), at 8 o clock, at
St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue.
Friends are invited.
MARTIN— In Oakland, April 4. 1599. John Mar-
tin beloved brother of Mary A.. Maggie M.
and Patrick J. Martin, a native of Aclare.
parish of Kllmactlgue, County Sligo, ■ Ire-
land, aged 31 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McManus, eventh and Cas-
tro streets, thence to the Church of the Im-
maculate Conception, where a solemn re-
ouiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
NEWMAN— In this city. April 4. IS»9, at 2
o'clock a. m.. Betsy Walkerley Newman,
niece of the late Martin and 'vv llliam \\ alk-
erley a native of Lincolnshire. England.
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 211514 Howard street. Interment pri-
vate.
OTTENHEIMER— In this city, April 3, 1899. at
the Pacific Hebrew Home, Isaac Ottenhelmer.
a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
PARKER— In Alameda, April 4. 1899, Joseph
M Parker, aged 42 years and 11 months.
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Josephs
Church. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
PETCOVICH— In this city. April 2. 1899, at St.
Mary's Hospital, John Petcovich, a native
of Austria, aged 22 years.
POST-In this city. April 4. 1899, Ella H. Post,
sister of Bert and Ralph Stanly and Mrs.
Ella Hunt,, a native of San Francisco, aged
38 years.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter .
REVELER— In this city. April 4. 1899, Louis,
beloved husband of Mathilda Reveler, son of
Leonorda Reveler, and brother of E. and
Joseph Reveler, a native of San Francisco.
aged 22 years and 1 month.
CrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral which
take 3 place to-morrow (Thursday), at . 2
o'clock, from 725 Broadway.
ROSENBERG— In this city. April 3, 1599. Fred-
eriekaTloßenberg, beloved mother of Mrs. M.
Warschauer, Mrs. Celia Hagan and Mrs.
Freda Übrlch of New York, a native of
Hanover aged 90 years and 8 months. (Port-
land Or., and New York papers please copy.)
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr J. M.- Kaufman. -2824 Pine street. In-
' terment private. Home of Peace Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
; streets. ,
SCHULTZ— In this city, April 3. 1599. William
Schultz, a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged
64 years 6 months and 3 days. A member of
< Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. F.. and Man-
zanita Tribe No. 4. Improved O. R. M.
[cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
• Hall corner Seventh and Market streets,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O. O.
F Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1209 Mission street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CHIEFS AND MEMBERS OF MANZANITA
Tribe 'No. 4, Improved O. R. M.— You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late "brother, William Schultz. this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
■ Hall. By order of
J. L. GRIFFITH, C. of R.
BPRECKELS— In this city. April 4, 1899. John
Spreckels, a native of Germany, aged 32
years A member of Hannoveraner Verein.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TOKLAS— this city, April 2. 1599. Johanna,
beloved daughter of Nathan and Laura Tok-
las Of Spokane. Wash:, and sister of Vera
Toklas. a native of Spokane, Wash., aged 4
years 11 months and 2 days.
rrjrFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the family
residence 922 O'Farreil street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
YON DER LIETH— In this city, April 4. 1899,
Friedrlch Harold, beloved husband of Doro-
thea yon der Lleth. and father of Dr. Harold.
■ Walter and Olea yon der Lieth. a native of
Germany, aged 57 years 3 months and 27 days.
(r^Frleniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
April 7 at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
742 Broadway, thence to St. John's Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, Mason street, between
Pacific and Jackson.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors . to Flanagan & Gallagher), ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY «fc CO., 9
FUNEKAL, LHKEcTORS & EJuIJ.iL.MER» |
1135 Market st. between Bth and Ha, fl
Telephone. South 247. I
1112
HUNTINGTON IS
STILL REACHING
FOR THE EARTH
Seeks to Control the Rate Situ
ation of the Continent.
Santa Monica Will Be Boomed Leased
Lines in California May Be Placed
Under Joint Ownership.
B+O+O+ O +O+O ♦ CHO+ CH© + CHCHO +O+O+O+ O ♦© ♦ O ♦ ©♦©+ ©-KHO+H
from his achievement in saddling the debt of the Central X
THRESH from his achievement in saddling the debt of the Central >
I—" Pacific Railroad Company on the people cf California, the pres- ©
O * ident of the Southern Pacific Company is now scheming to con- ©
q* trol the rate situation of the entire country by securing an ind°-
•♦ pendent through water and rail route between the Atlantic and Pa- +
O cific seaboards that will be less expensive to operate than any ex- ©
q isting lin«. This he hopes to accomplish by securing the ownership +
4 of a railroad across Guatemala, with connecting steamship lines on +
O each coast. O
"*" His mind is also still bent on making Santa Monica the sue- ♦
° cessful rival of San Pedro as the harbor of Southern California, and 9
O to win out on this proposition will probably make Santa Monica an Q
jj important station on the through coast route by way of San Luis X
■+ Obispo and Santa Barbara. ♦
© It is not unlikely that the near future may see all the leased +
q lines of the Southern Pacific Company under one management by ©
4 means of joint ownership. Such a probability was intimated by q
© President Huntington in an interview yesterday. -f
ColUs P. Huntington never sleeps on his
victories but keeps marching right on to
new on<-s. Hardly bad he completed the
deal whereby he prevented the Central
Pacific from slipping from his control
when he began planning measures to in
sure profitable returns for that and his
Other railroad properties, in addition to
his expressed purpose of making the
people of California pay the debts of his
railroads.
Ever since the Panama route between
Pacific and Atlantic ports has been op
erated it has been a menace and check on
high transcontinental freight rates, as it
is possible to make lower rates by way of
Panama than by any ail rail route, owing
to the long water carriage. At the pres
me thero is a contract between the
Pact! amshlp Company, which
is controlled bj Huntington, and the
Panama Steamship Company, the re
sult of a compromise between those two
corporations after a long and bitter fight.
by means of which rates are maintained
at such figures between Pacific and At
lantic ports as make it possible for the
tram- railroads to compete
with the Panama route for through busi-
It Is a matter of common knowledge in
railroad circle? that the Panama Steam
ship Company, which operates the rail-
Isthmus of Panama and
the I inters between .vsjiinwall
and New York, in conjunction with the
Mail Bteamera that ply between
Ban Francisco and Panama, has been
greatly dissatisfied with the iprms of the
existing contract. It is claimed that the
; discriminates In favor of way
business and against through business to
the Injury of the Panama Steamship
<ny. The reason for this is alleged
to be twofold. The Pacific Mail receives
considerably better rates for way freight
■ n Sar, Francisco and Central
American ports than it does for its share
of the through business carried to Pan
i-.mn. and by diverting traffic from the
Panama route It is forced to seek the all
rail route, mostly over the Huntington
lines.
The friction between the Pacific Mail
ar.d the Panama company has been gTow-
Ing greater, and it is considered improba
ble that a renewal of the present rela
wlll be arranged when the present
comr.v! expires. The probabilities are
that the Panama people may undertake,
to again operate an independent compet
ing line between New York and Pacific
• ports, as it did before entering into
the existing combination with the Pacific
Mail, it is for such a contingency that
Huntington is evidently preparing. The
first st<--p toward future action independ
ent of the Panama line and other eompeti
was mentioned in the following dis-
T-'itch from New Orleans published in The
Call yesterday:
C. P. Huntinpton's agent left on the steamer
this evening for Port Barrios, Guatemala, to
complete the purchase "i the Guatemala and
Northern Railroad, on which there Is a break
of sixty miles between Port Barrios and Guate
mala City. This break will be completed by
JJuntlnston, and with the line to San Jose that
he has also purchased, will Rive him a line to
the Pacific. The road will lx> operated in con
nection with ii line of steamers from New Or
leans which will run to Port Barrios in two
and a half days, giving Huntlngtnn a line by
water and rail from New Orleans to the Pacific
In four days.
The carrying out of the plans here out
lined will give a through line between
th< Atlani tciflc seaboards that
will be much shorter than the Panama
route and less expensive to operate than
any now existing with the exception of
Ipper route by way of the Horn. In
order to perfeel the transportation chain
between New Orleans or New York and
Isco it will be only necessary
to havi th( Pacific Mail steamers on this
conned with the (Guatemala road
et San Jose riV Guatemala. In order to
ascertain how far these negotiations had
been carried and the significance of the
deal Mr. Huminpton was interviewed.
"Are the statements contained in the
dispatch from New Orleans pertaining to
the Guatemala and Northern Railroad
correct V" he was asked.
"There are some negotiations going
on." he said, "but nothing has been com
pleted a.« yet."
"Will not this new line by way of Guate
mala be operated in connection with the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company in pref
f-rrr.'^ to the present Panama route for
through business?"
"All this is premature, a,s there is noth
ing in the world but talk as yet."
The consummation of this plan will not
only give Huntington the whip hajid of
LIE WAU FOOLS
HER VILE KEEPER
LIE WAT', a pretty slave girl of 20 summers, cleverly eluded yesterday
the keepers of the vile den In which she was imprisoned, and with the
kindly aid of Miss Lake of the Methodist Mission managed to be we il
on her way to the Flowery Kingdom before her masters knew exactly
what had happened.
Lie Wav planned all the details of her ep^-apo herself and the cun
ning devices of her Oriental brain carried her scheme to a most successful
issue.
Several dayi ago Miss I^nke received word by means of a trusted agent
that Lie Wav would escape the vile life of the Ross' alley den and prayed
Miss T,*ke to assist her in the attempt. Acting according; to the little Mon
golian's Instructions Miss Lake, accompanied by Mr. Shannon of the Califor
nia Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Children, was waiting in a carriage
yesterday at noon at the corner of Jackson and Stockton streets. Lie Wan
came strolling: by, recognized Miss Lake by the white neckdress of her
order, pave a prearranged signal and was soon within the hack that wa.s
making for the filthy den in Ross alley, where all the belongings of the
poor slave girl were.
At the sliding floor of the den of vice Officer Shannon crouched in the
shadow, while Lie jrnvo the required mystic knocks. As the door swung nn
its hinges Shannon came to the front, marched with the trembling- slave
pirl to the room where all her belongings were, gathered them up and made
way again to the- waiting carriage. The driver whipped up his horses and
a few minutes before the city clocks chimed the first hour of thf- afternoon
Shannon and Mies Lake safely landed their charge aboard the China steamer.
the Panama company, but will virtually
give him the key to the entire transcon
tinentnl rate situation. Rates by way of
Guatemala Will become the basis for fix
ing freights on all the transcontinental
i railroads.
His greater schemes have not distract
: erl the attention of the railroad magnate
from matters of closer interest to Califor
| nians. He has evidently not given up
hope of making Santa Monica the rival
of Sr>.n Pedro as the harbor of Southern
California. He had intimated as much in
a previous interview with The Call cor
respondent at Tjos Angeles. On this sub
ject he was asked the following question:
"In connection with a published state
ment a.ttibuted to you that Santa Monica
is going to be the harbor of Southern Cal
ifornia and that nothing can prevent it,
• will you please state what improvements
: will be made at that point by the South
ern Pacific i ompany or other corporation
in which you are interested and when?"
His reply was: 'i don't want to talk
about that. Tim" will tell what will hap
; pen at Santa Monica."
"Is It the intention to extend the coast
division line to Santa Monica by connect
; ing it direct with Ventura, or some point
near Ventura, on the coast division route,
1 and when will work on this extension
probably begin?"
"I don't know what can be done down
there, as we have never made a thorough
I survey there. Probably such a survey
will be made at. some time in the future."
The extension of the coast line to Santa
Monica would place that town on an Im
portant main road, instead of its being the
I terminus of a very short and unimportant
1 spur. It would be in a position to become
a considerable entrepot.
"What will be the effect of time sched
ules and fares between San Francisco and
J.os Angeles when trains are operated by
way of San Luis Obispn and Santa Bar
| bara?" asked the reporter.
"The effect cannot be otherwise than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 5, 1899.
beneficial. As far as schedules are con- !
cerned. I don't know yet what speed can |
be made with safety."
"What will be' the effect on the towns
and coast section generally when this new j
coast route Is in operation?"
"It is sure to be very beneficial."
He. maintained his- well-earned reputa
tion as an artist in evasion in answering
the last question propounded.
"Is it proposed to consolidate the pres
ent leased lines of the Southern Pacific
Company in this State,- or any of them?"
"Joint ownerships are generally just as ■
good, and accomplish about the same i
thing as consolidation."
The annual meeting of the stockholders j
of the Southern Pacific Company will he •
held at noon to-day. The principal busi
ness will be the election of directors for
the ensuing year. On the following day
the directors will elect officers. The in
dications are that there will be but one j
change In the directorate, and none in the j
list of officers. A new director will he se- ;
lected to take the place of T. S. Stlllman, !
who has disposed of all his interests in
the Southern Pacific. Horace Q. Platt, j
Prince Poniatowski and Edward F. I
Searles have been mentioned ,for the
honor. The present officers of the corpor
ation are as follows: President, C. P.
Huntington; vice-president, Thomas H.
Hubbard; second vice-president, George
Crocker; third vice-president. J. C,
Stubbs; fourth vice-president and general
manager, J. Kruttschnitt; controller, Wil-
Ham Mali!: secretary and assistant con- I
troller, E. C. Wright; treasurer, N. T. ;
Smith.
TOURED THE EAST
FOR CALIFORNIA
BOOMED THE STATE BY WORDS
AND PICTURES.
An Enterprise That Is Intended to
Bring a Highly Desirable Class
of Immigrants.
California has had a four months' sea
son of eloquent and picturesque advertis
ing throughout the Eastern States
through the medium of Miss Helen Kel
leher, a well-known elocutionist and dra
matic reader. She made the tour of the
I'nlted States to lecture on the health,
wealth and beauty of California under the
auspices of some of the most influential
commercial bodies of the State, aided by
the Southern Pacific Company.
Her lecture was illustrated by 200 mag
nificently colored views, displayed by
moans oi the largest stereopticon ever
made. She began her tour on December 1,
1898, and returned to this city yesterday.
It was marked by a series of great suc
cesses, the lectures. having been attended
by very large and enthusiastic audiences.
Among some of the prominent cities vis
ited were Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul,
Cleveland, Oraml Rapids. Detroit, Colum
bus. Dayton, Albany. Rochester, Qtica,
Buffalo, Troy, Providence, Baltimore,
Washington, Philadelphia. Louisville, St.
Louts, Kansas City, Topeka and New
York City.'
These lectures have been given in every
instance before # influential organizations.
and the best class of people comprised th"
attendance. The interest in California
was greater than expected, and to some
of the cities the lady had to make as
many as thr<--o separate visits. It is be
lleved thai the result of her tour will be
•■< large Increase in 'the number of home
seekers, healthseekers and tourists who
will come to this State. Tt is possible
that she may be sent on a similar mission
to Europe.
THE PANEL COMPLETED.
Testimony in the Poolselling Case of
H. L. Jones Will Be Taken
This Afternoon.
The Impaneling of the jury to try the
case of H. L. Jones, bookmaker, charged
with violating the now ordinance 'against
poolselling at the racetrack, was con
tinued in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
afternoon, and notwithstanding the nu
meroue objections and exceptions of At
:• Acii for the defendant the panel
was filled a few minutes before 5 o'clock
Five were secured last Friday, and yes
terday J. H. Sivers, George B. Barber
Charles I,uhrs, I,ouls Erllch, S. Kasper
M. Hart and George A. Kohn were ac
cepted by both sides.
When the cape was called William S
Redintcton was asked to step forward, and
he stated that he had been serve'] with a
subpena addressed to William P. Reddins
ton. H<- had an uncle fn the same firm
whose name was W. P. Reddington.
Attorney Ach at once moved that the
entire venire of 100 be discharged, as there
was no such person as W. P. Reddington
and therefore the full 100 had not been
summoned. Even though it was admitted
there was a W. P. Redinprton (here was
no such man as W. P. Reddington. The
Judge overrultd the objection and excused
W. S. Redington, and Attorney Ach took
an exception.
Several jurors did not answer to their
names, and that gave. Ach another oppor
tunity to except because their names had
been in the box and they were not pres
ent. Attachments were ordered issued
for the ahsent jurors.
The hearing: in the case will be com
menced this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Big Bonded Indebtedness.
A certificate of bonded indebtedness of
the Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais
Railway was filed by the secretary of the
corporation in the office of the* County
Clerk yesterday. The bonded indebted
ness was increased to $100,000.
Remember Your Boys.
Come and selecl a box of groceries
for your well-earned and brave boys at
Manila and we will pack and ship same
free of charge. Former shipments were
very successful. The next steamer sails
shortly. Come early with your orders
and avoid the rush.
LEVIN BROS., Inc., Leading Cash
Grocers, 1348 and 1354 Market street, op
posite Seventh. Phone S. 292. No
branches. •
NO CLEW TO THE MAN
WHO SHOT AT SELL
LEFT I NOTE
AND J BULLET
AS SOUVENIRS
Tracks Found in the
Long Grass.
FIRED FROM A VACANT LOT
BLACKMAIL WAS THE MOTIVE
FOR THE DEED.
Neither the Victim of the Attack Nor
the Officers Can Account for
It on Any Other
Grounds.
Th> story of the attempt of an unknown
marksman upon the life of Walter E. Sell,
published exclusively in yesterday's Call,
occasioned no end of ;i sensation on both
sides of the hay. In East Berkeley, where
Mr. Sell resides and owns a daily newspa
per and a street railroad, is superintend
ent of the Sunday school and one of the
deacons in the First Presbyterian Church,
it was received as a shock, softened only
by the knowledge that the bullet had
missed its mark.
The houso ai 2216 Ellswprth street, East
Berkeley. Into Which the bullet was firer],
was the renter of attraction yesterday for
a large number of sightseers, who Found
it hard to associate ilie vine-covered
dwelling with a tragic occurrence. The
hole in the dining room window pane was
not to he grit over, however. It was there
plainly to show that the assassin had sped
his bullet from the dark at the unsus-
THE SHOT IN THE DARK AT WALTER SELL OF BERKELEY.
pectlng occupant of the dwelling. That
ho did not hit him may have been from
design, or it may have been from acci
dent, the warning note left under the
door now inclining Mr. Sell and the ofli
cers who have been looking into the mat
ter to the first theory.
It has been established to the satisfac
tion of Marshal Lloyd and the detectives
whom Mr. Sell put in possession of the
facts that the man who fired the shot
was not in the yard at 2_'lH Ellsworth
street when he pulled the trigger. Jn the
hrst place, he could have found no posi
tion in the narrow garden from which he
could have held hir. weapon In position to
speed the bullet on the line it took, as in
dicated by the hole in the window pane,
and the corresponding hole in the plaster-
Ing on the opposite wall. In addition to
this there are evidences on the adjoining
premises to the south that the person fir
ing upon Mr. Sell pulled the trigger while
standing there. The place, which la
known as the Bates Gymnasium proper! y,
has long been disused, the grass having
entirely overgrown it to the depth of a
foot. In this grass, about the middle of
the yard and twenty feet to the south ajid
a little to the rear of Sell's dining room
window, the officers found evidences of
recent human intrusion. It was trampled
down in a small circle, from which the
shot, oven then, must have been fired by a
tall man to take the lino it did. Leading
from this trampled spot to the rear Ka!<
opening to Atherton street -was found a
trail through the grass undouhtedlv mado
by the unknown ruffian. Beyond the gate
tht-re was nothing to show the direction
he had taken.
Mr. Sell and Hugh J. Dykes, the inven
tor, who was with him when the bullet
came whistling through the window pane,
are certain now that had they reached
the garden quicker they would have seen
nothing of the marksman. There was
nothing t.i Indicate to them at that time
that the Bhot trad been fired from any
place Imt the Sells garden, and while
tiny were examining it their man, if he
had not fled previously, could have made
off Bafely and silently almost under their
very noses. As it was. they were too
much perturbed at the evidence that an
attempt had been made i>n the life of one
of tlvm to have started the search in the
right direction unless by accident.
The. second shock recelvi d during the
evening by Mr. Sell and Mr. Dykes was
when they retraced their steps to the
dining-room. In the hallway they found
a warning note. They had not noticed
it on their way out and the moment they
read it- the same thought must hav< oc
curred to both that some person had
stolen into the hallway while they were
searching in the garden. This theory was
dissipated when they raine to consider
that it could just as easily have been
slipped underneath the door before the
shot was fired, the fact that they had
not noticed it on going out being due to
the excitement (ncideni to the shi
The note was not written, the words
being printed with lead pencil, the spon
sor for it taking that means to baffle at
tempts at the discovery of his identity.
In one instance, however, ho forgot his
cunning-, and a letter or two In a natural
hand wore written on the paper.. Wheth
er or nr.t this slip will ever lead to the am
n st of the culprit is too remote a chance
for the officers to take. The note, which
still remains in the possession of Mr. Sell,
reads:
WARNING!
Have $300 for a person who will call
for it. Don't mention tin's to any one
or the next shot will go nearer home.
While the wording of this ominous mis
sive, with its sugg.-stion of another shot,
does not tend to give Mr. Sell any feel
ings of joy, he and his friends see in it
the solace that no trigger will be snapped
at him until he has had a chance to fork
over that $300. Marsha! Lloyd does not
see that much in it. He is of the opinion
that the noir was written and the shot
fired by some person disliking Mr. Sell,
not for the purpose of paving the way
for blackmail, but to give him a bad
quarter of an hour.
Mr. Sell, who was working on his books
yesterday in the office of Alvinza Hay
ward as if lie had never been a human
target, continues reticent concerning the
affair. H>-> refused to show the warning
note and referred all callers to his at
torney, .1. M. Whitworth. In turn. Mr.
Whitworth thought that the matter had
been fully exploited in The Call. Hugh
J. Dykes, who was with Mr. Sell when
the bullet punctuated their conversation,
is now in Sonora.
King's Daughters' Concert.
The concert last night at Sherman,
flay & Co.'s hall, for the benefit of the
King's Daughters' Horn- for rncurahles,
was a magnificent success artistically and
netted a handsome sum for that worthy
institution. The concert was under the
direction of Mr. Henry Holmes, the violin
Virtuoso, assisted by some of the best
known musicians in the city. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Rnmanoe, "Grief .and Consolation" (Alfred
Holmes), for violin solo with piano, Henry
Holmes, accompanied by Miss Emetine Gold
nmrni; song. "Sunshine Love" (Urieg), Mrs.
Florence Wyman-Gardner, accompanied by
Mrs. .1. x. CMeli ; sonata, dedicated to Kreut
zer (Beethoven), for pianoforte and violin, Mis--.-;
Ernestine Ooldmann and Henry Holmes; <- ,ntc,
"The Message" (H. B. Fasmore). with ac
companiment for piano, violin and violoncello
(violin. Mary I'aFmore; violoncello, Dorothy
Pnsinore). Mrs. Edith Scott Basford; piano
solo (a), "Handmaennchen" (Bendel-Brahms),
(hi. 'Staccato Etude" (Rubinstein), Miss Er
nestine Goldmnnn; sontr. "Thou Brilliant Bird"
(F. David), Mrs. Wymnn-Gardner; ballade
"Lay of the Last Minstrel" (Alfred Holmes),
for violin solo with piano, Henry Holmes.
LOST MANY VALUABLES.
Mrs. Jennie B. Temient Swears to a
Warrant for the Arrest of a
Clever Thief.
Attorney Frank Kelly, accompanied by
Mrs. Jennie B. Tennent. called upon
Judge Mogan yesterday afternoon and the
lady swore to a complaint charging
George B. Barlow, alias M. H. Rome, with
grand larceny in stealing from her Mon
day on the train between Sacramento
and this city jewelry and other articles
of the value of $1595.
The articles enumerated in the com
plaint and their value are as follow*-
Pair solitaire diamond earrings, $250; soli
taire diamond pin. 1200; cluster diamond
ring, marked inside "Mr. Tennent
Hawkswick," $150; two ladies' open-faced
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______________
NEWTOSSFABRICS.
■AM 1 mmMmM ■ ■
This week we will open up and
place on sale some elegant new
lines in Novelty and Plain Dress
Goods.
THREE SPECIALS. '
42-inch SILK AND WOOL IMPORTED NOVELTY CRE-
PONS, two-tone effects, large raised designs, in
Grays, Browns, New Blue, Hunters' Green and
Corn Flower Blue,
$2i°_° Yard.
52-inch ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOTS, in New
Blues, Grays, Browns and Purple,
$1™ Yard.
FANCY SILK AND WOOL PLAIDS, in an elegant va-
riety, very latest colorings and exclusive styles,
$li°? Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL. *
One case (30 pieces) BLACK INDIA TWILL SERGE,
full 50 inches wide,
75c Yard.
Regular Price $1.25.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
gold watches. S7n; child's open-fac^d gold
watch. $15: two long chatelaine gold
chains. $60; two cameo pins. large
brooches, Sl 1^; hunting case gold watch J
$50; two gentlemen's gold watch cl-.ains, I
one with locket. $100; garnet necklace. $25; I
one set onyx and pearl. $40; gold pearl
setting. $35; lady's diamond and pearl pin.
$fiO; thirteen-stone diamond pin. $50; ruby
and pearl piri. $30; gold quartz watch
charm and scarf pin to match. $30; five |
gold bracelets, two set with diamonds. !
$125: one pair earrings chip diamonds, $25;
lady's diamond collar button. $3/1; set of
lady's gold laco buttons. $5; table silver
ware, $100; lot of table and bed linen. $50,
and lot of ladies' underwear, marked "T,"
$100.
FOOD INSPECTOR'S REPORT.
Warrants Will Be Issued To-Day for
the Arrest of Persons Selling
Impure Milk.
Chief Food Inspector Dockery yester
day filed with the Board of Health his
" report for the month of March. It is as
follows:
Nine hundred and twenty-two fruit
stores inspected; 91 boxes assorted fruits
and 19 rolls butter confiscated: 718 res
taurants and hotels inspected and 12
served with notices to clean up: 0 pickle
works, 6 tamale factories and 37 dairies
Inspected and all found in good sanitary
condition. One arrest for violation of
rnllk ordinance.
Many complaints have recently bee?i
made of persons who are alleged to have
sold impure milk. All of these reports
have been investigated by Mr. Doekerj>,
and as a result he will to-day Bwear out
warrants for the arrest of the following
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORffESPONDfIVG WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
BELTINO. FRESH AND SALT MEATS
L P DEGEN Manufacture- t>T Beltln-rand JA^ BOYES Butchers. i O 4t m
L. I.IiLULH, Lacs Leather. 105.107 Mis- " >AJ> c " IIJ <"lay. Tel. Main UM.K Ul,
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. " — — —
■ — — LIQUORS.
BOILER MAKERS. OUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon ..$1.50 • cast $6 00
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, °' P " I Ssk *b^ «8s M : ° 0
W. J. BRADY Proprietor . .._ _ ~~ " ■
Special Attention Pale! to . Kepatr,' aaa Sb . ? "NO BETTER ON EARTH" per i al Met "
mr ,m Wor *- . Ochre. COMAXCHE OCHRE *£%&££%.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. P . DCU „—— —
Telephone Main -SMS.- .Mil I « ..rTTr Dinn EMi
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. WILLAMETTE JgaMontgomerjrjtr^
THEM FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY. c. c HUGHES 3 ' TO »™.
242 to 350 Geary Street Above Powell. ' W ° U " LO ' S " Sa """" 8 ' tf^_
Periodicals, Books and Stationery. STATIONER AND PRINTER
rurr nnun ——> - Te phlc P AR T R I D GF' 0K c «»-
-pRrr nnuAi corner F ° urth and »v«t^m-. faman.
Lftrt HuiAL^" 1 ™k«s-jdmc».. i^--,^^
Ul 1 1 L. lIUIII L. ■, Overcoats and ~x, .^. " '
g^g Valises checked free. TYPEWRITERS.
coal, coke and no iron. cl||v Typewriters Rented.
J. c. • wilson & co., fijijn f AGENTS PMITTT PREMIER.
WOO BATTERY STREET. L * &M - ALEXANDER.
Telephone Main 1564. -^bt e S==' no Montgomery ,x.rt*u
COPPERSMITH. WAREHOUSEMEN.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. sip. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumblntr. Steamboat *£V Storage A^ 8 Gra"n' Wa«hi»« S. -
and. Ship Work a Specialty .l 6 and 18 ,ral offlce. 210 California Tel Malo lilt
Washington St Telephone, Moln ?641. •: . "**•
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE. T ..jvny Itu^arf^rlr^ne Jewelr, an 4
PPniKIRTfIW & Oil Secondand Steven. *' " 111 ' i'-lc. Wedding Rings. 4 a.i , c
H£UIWbIUW&bU,,.nSt,.Tei.M,»,4 WHITE ASH STEAM COAL '
IRON FOUNDERS. ; . Mined by th.
Western Foundry. Morton ffHedle*. Proas.. BLACK diamond COAL MINING CO. at its
234 Fremont St. Casting of BTery Do. . g R &f%™ SPt»VSSS&
■cr I ption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1 3 Co. ©f Act and Tb4a— 4M MtU Bin*
named persons for violation of the provi
sions of the milk ordiiiam
J. Palk. 234 Van Ness avenue; M. Radk«s
225 Polk: P. H. Rueffs. Hayes and La
guna; H. A. Schultz .w Fell: Capelli &
Pagan), 40] Van Ness avenui : P. M. Sulli
van. Ful'on and Franklin; J. Lilienthal,
-144 Van Ness avenue: R. Stegemann. 148
Eighth street: J. Donohue, 11>> Seventh
street; H. Ruttelman. Eleventh and How
ard; H. Segelken, Twelfth and Howard;
Sullivan Bros., I^2 Seventh street; p. M.
Fitzgerald, 1395 Harrison: M. Twomey, 2:?' i
Eighth street, and William Schmidt, 348
Tenth street.
Gamage Manslaughter Case.
Acting Police Judge Barry having de
clined to preside ai the preliminary ex
amination of Jules O. Carnage, charged
with manslaughter in running over and
killing Isaac Jones, the old lottery ticket
seller. Judge Graham yesterday consented
to preside. To-morrow was "set for the
preliminary examination.
P.lankbooks. memorandums. Berkshire
typewriting papers, envelopes and Cart
er's inks, paste and mucilage come in
carload lots, and we can supply the trade
and large consumers in quantities to suit
at the lowest market rates. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
•Benefit of the Doubt.
K. Toda, charged with placing: a young
Japanese girl, Chiyo, in a house of ill
fame, hart his caso dismissed by acting
Police Judge Oroezinper yesterday. The
Judge paid there were so many conflict
ing statements as to the fdrl's age that
he would Hive the defendant the benefit
of the doubt.