VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 179.
NUGGETS
AS LARGE
AS MARBLES
More Stories of the Richness
of the Baja California
Placers.
MINERS FLOCKING IN
A Man Who Has Been There Says
That It Is a Poor Man's
Country.
■he Call.
"There is no question of the
wealth of the new district
have seen the gold. It is coming
out of the country in a steady
stream, and there is plenty yet to
come." — Extract from an inter
view with a recent arrival from the
new placers in Lower California.
<»S ANGELES, May 27.— C. C.
LPursley, a mining man. has ar
rived here after a stay of eight
een months in Lower Califor-
nia and gives glowing accounts
of the wealth of the new placer dig
i in the San Rogue district, 300
miles south of Knsenada.
"1 have been prospecting in the coun
try for a ]'>nX time," he said this morn
ing, "but have only lately paid atten
tion to anything but quartz. I have
ral claims in th>- new diggings and
■will return to-morrow to look after
them; they are worth lev. iking after,
he gold is there. Some of the dirt,
good deal of it, runs $20 to the
yard, and the who]-, district is wonder
fully rich. The gold is coarse and the
gravel contains a world of nuggets,
than I ever saw in any other
:■ diggings. In fact, many of them
are as large as marbles. The diggings
are really not new, having been worked
in a haphazard manner by the Indians
for nearly 200 years. The secret of the i
rich diggings was known to few if any
le of the Mexicans and Indians on
the spot, and they say little or nothing.
"There is no question of the weaJth of
the new district. I have seen the gold.
It is coming out of the country in a
ty stream, and there is plenty yet
me."
Speaking of the lack of -water. Mr.
Pursley said that it could be found
nearly anywhere in the district a few j
feel below the surface, and added, what
will be of interest to the man with
little money, that the country was one
of the cheapest in the world in which
to live. He is enthusiastic over the new
field and says it is a "first-class all
round proposition."
J. It. Southworld, who has just re
turned from Knsenada, says that ho
was informed by Don Ismael Sanchez.
ral [nspector of Colonies, that the
Sierra Pintada placers were twenty
eight miles in length and sixteen miles
wide. They run in a northwesterly and
southeasterly direction. On the east
ern side of the range, according to the
inspector, new placers have been found
that have not yet been prospected be
yond a mere scratching.
Dr. Friz- 1!. representing Charles Fair
of San Francisco, is going down on a
chartered Bchooner.
»
CROWDING THE STEAMSHIPS.
Gold Seekers Eager to Engage Pas
sage From San Diego.
SAX DIEGO. May 27.— There will be
a rush to the big placers of the Sierra
Pintada Range in spite of everything.
More attention was paid to the mines
to-day in this city than yesterday, and
yesterday witnessed more excitement
than on the day previous. Interest in
the diggings continues to increase. T'n
lesa something unexpected happens
Monday will witness even greater ex
cltement and more names enrolled on
the lists <>f schooners and steamers
f-'">n to sail for Ascension Ray. Late
this evening Manager Packard of the
Lower *'a!ifornia Development Com
pany telegraphed to Agent Louis Men
> delson in this city that the steamer St.
Denis would sail from San Diego for
Ascension on June 1 and that berths up
tn the full limit of the steamer could
bf> .s< i]d. The St. Denis has accommoda
tions for thirty-five first-class passen
gers and Agent Mendelson says sev
eral hundred tickets, for Ascension
could be sold if there were adequate
transportation facilities. He is receiving
telegraphic and telephone inquiries
from all over the southern part of the
State from men who desire passage to
Ascension.
The fact that Manager Packard has
ordered the St. Denis to sail from here
for Ascension on June 1 is taken to in
<li< -: 1 1 * - that favorable news has been
Ived .it Bnsenada from the mines,
though hi- s;tid nothing about it in his
telegram to Agent Mendelson.
The schooner Santa Barbara, which
is expected to bring definite and full
Information concerning the placers, is
.-ilxiut due at Ensenada, but up to 5:20
O'clock this evening, when the tele
grapfa office at Ensenada closed, she had
nol put in an appearance. It is not im
probable, however, that the Santa Bar
bara put in at San Quintin this even
ing, and that news of her was received
at ESnsenada by telephone from San
Quintin. The telegraph office at En
senado is not open at night.
k It is considered as suggestive of good
news that the schedule of the St. Denis
h;is been changed so as to send her
down on the Ist instead of the 13th, as
waa intended up to to-day.
The schooner Anita has thirty-five
passengers already booked for Ascen-
The Call
CUBANS REFUSE
AMERICAN GOLD
The Soldiers Who Fought
for Liberty Will Keep
Their Arms.
MAJOR GENERAL JOHN R. BROOKE.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett. -- '
" " T AVANA, Cuba, May 27.— Eleven
Cuban soldiers applied for their '
Cuban soldiers applied tor their -
share of the $3,000,000 provided
JL JL by the United States at the dis
tributing station here to-day.
Seven were paid. Three were not on
the list and one was not identified.
None turned over his arms, five out of
the seven having been servants in the
army. The other two said they had
given their arms to General Gomez. :
Colonel Randall took their word for
this, asking for no receipt. Colonel
Randall seemed inclined not to attach
much importance to the disposition of
the arms, saying that if the men could
prove they had been in the army in
any capacity he would pay them.
The distribution office remained open
until 5 o'clock this afternoon. At 6
o'clock nine soldiers with rifles applied
for money and were told to come to
morrow. Colonel Cespedes says the
soldiers are not thoroughly informed as
to the time and place of distribution,
and he expects a larger number 'will
accept the money to-morrow and give
up their arms.
The society of Veterans of Independ
ence, which is anti-Gomez, claims a
great victory to-night. Its members
say that nine-tenths of the whole army
will refuse the money, and go home
with their arms. General Gomez is us
ing every effort to have the soldiers
disarm. He tells them to refuse the
money if they wish, but to return home
as peaceful citizens.
He is writing a proclamation calling
on all residents of the island, Cubans
and Spaniards, to unite and work for
Cuban independence.
Colonel Randall has 4317 names of sol
diers to receive money at this distribut
ing station. He says it is doubtful if
fifty respond. As yet the Cubans have
not turned over any arms to the Mayors
or the civil Governor of this province.
The soldiers at Guanabacoa and Ma
tanzas are making preparations to-day
sion Bay and will sail on Monday after
noon at 4 o'clock, arriving at Ascen
sion about the 6th. Provisions and min
ing Implements have been stored in her
hold to its full capacity.
The schooner Acme will sail Tuesday
with supplies and several passengers.
CHOKES OUT HIS LIFE
WITH BALING ROPE
Henry Bamke, a Laborer, Commits
Suicide by Hanging on a Farm
Near Woodland.
WOODLAND. May 27.— Henry Ramko
committed suicide by hanging on the By
ron Jackson farm, southwest of Wood
land, between -1 and 5 o'clock this morn
ing. He used baling rope with which to
strangle himself, and the deed was con
summated in one of the big barns on the
place. He. evidently stood upon an or
dinary fruit box to throw the rope over a
beam and adjust it about his neck, as the
1 box was found just back of him and his
feet were within three, or four inches of
i the ground. When found he had evidently
I been dead about an hour and his body was
not yet cold. He was dressed in his work-
Ing clothes, and his hat was picked up
from the floor of the barn. There was no
evidence of any struggle.
In one of his pockets was found a note.
It was not addressed to any particular
person. The first sentence read. "I'm
tired of living; please don't think me
crazy." Then followed some writing
which was not intelligible. The conclud
ing sentence was as follows, "Sell my
clothes and give me a decent burial. T
Henry Ramke was a native of Denmark
and 35 years of age.- He bad lived In the
United States ever sine.' he was 15 years
of age, with the exception of a year and
a half spent in South America as a mem
ber of a "railroad surveying party. About
nine months ago he was employed by G.
H. Hecke, foreman of the Byron Jackson
farm. Mr. Hecke was so well pleased
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 2 t S, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
:o return home with their arms. The
•hiefs haw them completely in control
md have turned them against Gtomes.
THE CUBANS MUST
SURRENDER ARMS
If They Do Not Take Money Now
They Will Be Given
Nothing.
NEW VnKK, May 27. A Washington
special to the Herald says: Little ron
cern is felt in administration circles at
the failure of the Cubans to appear be
fore the American authorities and re
ceive In exchange for their arms and
equipments the $75 allotted them as a
result of the conference getween Gener
als Brooke and Gomez. The equanimity
of the authorities over the matter is en
tirely due to a dispatch recently re
•i from Genera] Brooke General
Brooke stated in this message that If
the Cubans did not care to accept the
money he would send it promptly back
to the United States and that he felt
sure he could take eat" of the situation
• yen if the tnen did retain their arms.
Satisfied with Genera] Brooke's confi
dence, the authorities are not at all dis
turbed by the reports of the failure of
the <"übans to appear. The explanation
that but few of the enlisted men of the
Cuban army live in Havana is regarded
by officials as the sole reason for their
failure to put in an appearance and
collect the gratuity due them.
Another reason, perhaps, why th" au
thorities are satisfied that there will be
no trouble is the fact that this Govern
ment has an excellent force in the is
land which, even in case of refusal of
the insurants to turn in their arms,
could handle them.
Should General Brooke find it neces
sary to return the money to the Vnited
States it is expected he will take meas
ures for relieving the Cubans of their
arms and equipments and they will re
ceive nothing in return for them.
with him that he put. him in charge of
a force of men employed in the orchard.
He was a very industrious man and appa
rently conscientious in : the discharge of
his duties. He was a man of fair intel
ligence and talked rationally on all sub
jects except one. He seemed to harbor a
fear that people would believe him crazy,
lie confided in Mr. Hecke a hallucination
that the police were trying to appre
hend him on a suspicion of insanity. Mr.
Hecke's conversations with him did not
impress him with the idea that this hal
j lucination would Influence him to do any
thing desperate.
Mr. Hecke last saw Ramke alive about
8 o'clock Friday evening. He was appa
rently in his usual health and spirits.
Ramke arose from.bed about 3:30 clock
this morning. Other laborers who slept
in the same apartments inquired why he
was getting up so early. He replied that
he had three horses to care for, which
made it necessary for him to get out
early. At fifteen minutes past 5 the men
were called to breakfast. Ramke did
not put in an appearance. After waiting
a few minutes Mr. Hecke concluded to in
vestigate the cause of his absence. After
a brief search -the unfortunate man was
found hanging in the barn and dead as
above described.
♦ 1
VAIN ATTEMPTS TO
FLOAT THE PARIS
Now the Chances Are That the
Stranded Steamer Will Remain
on the Bocks.
FALMOUTH, May 27.— Another supreme
! effort to float the Paris was made this
evening-, but resulted in failure. Six tugs
were made fast to the steamer's hawsers
and anchors were put out astern, the
chains from which were attached to the
strain winchei <>n the stranded Bteamer.
: The propellers of the Paris were driven at
i full steam astern, but the efforts were un
availing. After an hour's Btrainlng, the
j main hawser broke and the task was
abandoned until to-rriorrow evening:. The
hope of floating the Paris is growing
faint.
CZAR AND
POPE NOT
IN ACCORD
Story of the Recall of the
Russian Minister to the
Holy See.
WOES OF TCUERIKOF
Informed the St. Petersburg Gov
ernment That His Position
Was Intolerable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
| ON DON, May 27.— St.
* * Petersburg advices con
firm what is already pretty well j
understood at the Vatican — that
Tcherikof, Russian Minister to
the Holy See, will not return to
Rome, and if the Czar's present
temper continues he will not be
represented at the Vatican again.
Before leaving on a so-called six
months' leave Tcherikof had an i
audience with the Pope. For
several months previously he
vainly asked for an audience, but
no notice was taken of his re
quests.
Finally he bluntly inquired of
Cardinal Rampolla what it
meant, and the Papal Secretary
of State informed him that as the
Czar ignored the Pontiff's sover
eign rights by omitting to ask
him to send delegates to the dis
armament, conference, his Holi
ness did not feel called .upon to
receive his Majesty's representa
tive, fcherikof thereupon in-
I formed his Government that his
I position was intolerable and
: begged to be recalled. The result
was the six months' leave.
ARBITRATION URGED
BY THE ENGLISH
LONDON. May 27. — The holidays
have brt-ught stagnation in politics.
Most of public attention has been di
rected to The Hague Peace Conference
and the Anglo-American Commission.
The papers warmly approve of the
unison <>f tho work with the American
and British delegates at the confer
ence, and interest in it. is quickened by i
the prominence unexpectedly given to
the arbitration question, especially in
view of M. de Staal's speech revising j
the arder of the points submitted from j
that <>f the circular of the Russian j
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count
Muravieffe, giving arbitration the first
place and making only a minor refer
'■n<-<' to disarmament, .which was at
first blazoned as the main purpose of
the conference. The Czar's scheme,
presented on Friday, is very elaborate
and detailed, while the American pro
ject is attractive by its businesslike
brevity and simplicity. The Daily News
correspondent at The Hague says it ap
pears to give a satisfactory solution
of the problom presented by the Czar,
and that Great Britain, of course, will
support the American pro-ject.
The scheme of Professor Maartens,
professor of international law at the
University of St. Petersburg and arbi
trator of the Anglo-Venezuelan Arbi
tration Commission is said to contain
the code of procedure which will be
adopted by the Venezuelan arbitration
tribunal at any rate. Three of the five
judges have decided to conduct the
trial under its rule when the tribunal
meets in Paris.
Referring to the proposal which the
American delegates are now pressing to
exempt all private property at sea from
capture, the Daily Chronicle presents
the British view in saying: "The mat
ter is grave. As many contend, Great
Britain yielded more than was wise
when she accepted even the Paris rule.
However, the House of Commons has
always declined to countenance any
idea of withdrawal, and if America will
come in and sign the declaration, which
she practically invoked in the Spanish
war, it will be a material advance in
the humanizing of war, and England
might well reaffirm the rule and abso
lutely bind herself in the future."
THAMES ENTRANCE
RAPIDLY CHOKING UP
Alarming Discovery Made That Ships
Will Soon Be Unable to
Reach London.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1893, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, May 27.— Another very
alarming discovery has just been made
public. It is that the entrance to the
Thames is choking up and that all the
power of man cannot stop it. This is no
fairy tale invented by an alarmist by the
aid of juggling with figures, but is a
hard, cold fact, published In the annual
report of the admiralty hydrographers,
which says that the Duke of Edinburgh
Chancel, which is the principal passage
int/i the Thames for heavy vessels, has
Hi nee ls^L* been reduced from one and a
i half t<> half a mile. The Trinity House
authorities are very much exercised about
the matter, which it is admitted cannot
be controlled by works, and thus arises
the question, what will London do without
the Thames or the shipping that it brings?
WANTS VOLUNTEERS
TO ENLIST AGAIN
Ta^allo Captives in Front of Their Prison in Old Manila.
OTIS WOULD
KEEP THEM
SIX MONTHS
Macabebes Ask for Arms
With Which to Fight
the Tagallos.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
/%/« ANILA, May 27. — Major
I T m. General Otis has issued or
ders inviting volunteers to re-enlist
for six months, according to the act
of Congress bearing on the matter.
General Mac Arthur is in favor of the
experiment of enlisting the Macabebes
against their old enemies, the Tagals.
I A delegation of the leading Macabebes
! has visited the general, and its spokes
j man read an address assuring the
; American Commissioners of the friend
ship tit" the Macabebes and of their will
ingness to transfer their allegiance
from Spain to the United States. They
complained that the Tagals murdered
them ami burned their villages, and
they asked to be protected and given
arms to protect themselves. The Maca :
! bebes have greatly assisted in posting
the Americans on the country and the
positions of the enemy. General Mac-
Arthur would arm a hundred of these
men and make them scouts, and if the
experiment proved successful he would
j enlist more.
The United States transport Morgan
City, which left San Francisco April 25,
with 600 recruits for various regiments
here on board, has arrived and will pro
ceed to Iloilo.
Major A. A. Diggles of the Thirteenth
Minnesota Regiment, who was wounded
in the head while reconnoitering on
May 8 at a point near San Miguel, and
who was brought to a hospital here, is
dead.
Colonel J. D. Miley of General Law
ton's staff has been appointed collector
of Manila.
NEGROTES ACCEPT
AMERICAN RULE
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18W, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, May 27. — President Lacson
and the members of the Cabinet of the
insurrectionists on the island of Negros
have signed and issued a proclamation,
fully accepting the constitution pre
pared by General Smith's commission,
acting in conjunction with themselves.
The constitution is similar to that
which had been offered to the warring
Filipinos on the island of Luzon. The
Instrument confers upon the people the
power of electing executive and judicial
officers and .members of the legislative
branches. The proclamation concludes
thus:
"We are thus governed by ourselves
under the wise guidance of the great
American Republic. To all the inhabit
ants of the Island of/ Negros is given
equality before the law."
It is believed that tlje island will set
tle down peacefully under the new
regime.
ADVENTURER SLAIN AND
MUTILATED BY REBELS
LOS ANGELES, May 27.— Details
have been received in this city of the
death of George Ryan, a boy advent
urer and soldier of fortune, who was
shot by insurgents in the Philippines
while digging up money buried near
Manila by a Chinese. The body of
Ryan was lashed to a raft hv the na
tives and was seen floating down a
river and recovered by the American
trocps. It was identified by Dr. Samuel
Karr, who went to Manila from Hono
lulu on the vessel that carried Ryan.
At the time the advices received in this
city were written all that was mortal
of the young adventurer lay on a slab
in the Manila Morgue; mute evidence
of the ferocity and barbarism of the
insurgents. Both of the arms had been
cut off and the body was otherwise
mutilated.
Ryan was 25 years of age and a Ken
tuekian by birth. When a mere boy he
had drifted to San Francisco, where he
became a newsboy and blacked shoes
at "Champion" Lyons' stand on Market
street. As a youngster it was his boast
\ SEAMEN
APPRECIATE
\ CALL FILES
♦ . U. S. S. OREGON, ♦
♦ Manila, P. 1., April 25, 1899. ♦
+ Sir: I beg to thank you for the ♦
+ files of The Call which you have ♦
•f so kindly sent to the Oregon, >
♦ The papers are greatly appre- ♦
♦ ciated by the officers and men. +
♦ Very respectfully, ♦
♦ A. S. BARKER, ♦
♦ Captain, U. S. N., Commanding. ♦
■♦■ Managing Editor, San Fran- ♦
> Cisco Call. "t
--♦ ♦
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-:-♦♦♦
that he shined the shoes of King Kala
kaua and received $5 for the job.
About thirteen years ago young Ryan
stowed himself away on an Australian |
liner and made his way to Honolulu.
He began selling papers in the Ha
waiian capital and soon became a
favorite. The revenue he derived from
a bootblack stand he set up soon yield
ed him sufficient to enable him to em
bark in more genteel pursuits.
When Queen Liliuokalani disagreed
with her Cabinet in January, 1593, and
the white residents of the islands
formed a provincial army, he was one
of the first to enlist. When the gov- j
ernment of Liliuokalani was over
thrown he obtained Kalakaua's crown
and relieved it of its numerous pre
cious stones. For this he was arrested,
tried and .sentenced to several years'
imprisonment. He served his time and
kept the hiding place of the gems se
cret. When he was released he estab
lished himself in business in Honolulu.
He had not lost prestige because of the
theft of the jewels, for, strange to say,
the swords and plate of the Hawaiian
dynasty has disappeared at the time
he took the crown.
When the Spanish-American war
broke out Ryan wished to enlist in the
American army, but could not get a
chance to come to the United States.
Then the Government commenced
sending troops to Manila and he went
in one of the first vessels as a stow
away. He went to work for a friend at I
Cavite and when the trouble with th<- ■
insurgents broke out he donned a uni
form. He took part in several engage
ments, but his passion for covertly ob
taining wealth led him beyond the
lines, whither he went with the inten
tion of obtaining treasure buried by a
Chinese who had fled into the city at
the outbreak of hostilities. Ho was sur
rounded by insurgents while digging
for the treasure and his death and the
mutilation of his body followed.
PROTESTS AGAINST
DESECRATION OF TOMB
So John Morley Will Oppose the
Proposed Big Grant to Lord
Kitchener.
NKW YORK. May 27.— A cable to the
World from Lond\>n says: As the protest
against the desecration of the Mahdi's
tomb, John Morley will oppose the grant
of $150,000 to Lord Kitchener when it is
proposed In Parliament next week. Mr.
Morley says:
"The Mabdi was an Arab who eighteen
or twenty years ago headed the rising
against the tyranny and corruption of the
Egyptian Government of those days. He
was the man who slew our General Gor
don.
"Well now after the victory in Septem
ber last the men, acting under British
command, dug up the moldoring corpse
of this dead enemy of ours; they hacked
or tore off his head, they threw the rest
of the grewsome remains into the Nile,
and according to an artilleryman who
has told this story, they carried the bead
into a gunboat and put it into an empty
kerosene can. It remained there some
days. Then the British officers came and
said, 'I,et us see the head,' and. said the
artilleryman. 'We took a part of . his
beard, indeed I have got a bit of it my
self.' We now understand that the Mah
dl's head is buried at Wady Haifa. Ihia
is the story.
"We shall hear next week whether it is
quite true or that the head of this trophy
of our dead enemy was put into a wooden
box and sent to England and then fetched
back. I have said in the House of Com
mons that this desecration of the grave
of an enemy and this treatment of the
trophy is revolting in itself and reflects
no honor upon either the good sense or
right feelings of those who ordered it,
and it reflects disgrace upon the British
name."
MRS. STOBKE ON TRIAL.
Accused of Having Sent Libelous
Matter Through the Mails.
SANTA BARBARA, May 27.— The trial
of Yda Addis Storke, charged with the
sending of libelous matter through the
mails, will begin in the Superior Court
on Monday. Because of the prominence
of the names that will be connected with
the case and the hard fight that Mrs.
Storke is preparing to make, there la
much interest In the trial. Handwriting
Expert Ames is summoned as a witness.
Mrs. Storke has gained some prominence
as a literary worker and has been on the
staff of several newspapers of Southern
California,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NOT READY "
TO ENLARGE
THE ARMY
But the President May Find
It Necessary to Secure
Additional Troops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, May 27.— Dispatches from
Manila stating that more troops
are needed and that the Ameri
can army is suffering embarrassment
and unnecessary losses on account of
the lack of a sufficient force to occupy
territory from which the insurgents are
driven attract much attention here. It
is assumed that the facts are as stated
and that General Otis has his own rea
sons for -wanting them to become
known to the people of this country.
The President's reluctance to enlarge
the army to the full extent authorized
by Congress rentiers it difficult to sup
ply enough trained soldiers for the
Philippine campaign, and it is evident
that our army has been deprived of re
sults that should have followed from
its magnificent operations by being un
able to spare troops to hold positions
gallantly captured. It is believed that
General Otis wants either the retention
of tlfe volunteers he has or an enlist
ment of the full force authorized by
< Congress.
The President, in conversation with
some of his callers to-day, is quoted as
having said that he had hoped the vol
unteers would have an opportunity to
enjoy the full fruits of their magnifi
cent services by participating in the ac
tual pacification of the islands and
coming home as victors. It was mani
fested, however, that they could not
wait to see the matter through, and he
has hastened to have them replaced
with regulars and sent home as speedily
as possible. He said he did not think
there was any serious conflict between
General Otis and the civilian members
of the Peace Commission, and that if
there were he would feel the necessity
of the army being free from interfer
ence. The President is quoted further
as saying that it has become manifest
that the Philippine campaign Bhould
be made as aggressive as possible and
should be carried to a conclusion with
vigor, as advised by Admiral Dewey.
There was a rumor of a possible call
for 35,000 additional troops, but it was
said that the President was not now
giving any serious consideration to that
subject. If it is decided later to send
more troops to the Philippines a call
will be made in time to have the troops
reach the island just before the ending
of the rainy season, so that a swift
campaign can be inaugurated.
The withdrawal of volunteers from
the Philippines and the unsettled state
of affairs throughout the islands ne
cessitates the exercise of the utmost
expedition by the War Department in
the dispatch of reinforcements to Otis'
small but gallant army. The plans of
the department contemplate the send
ing to the Philippines of all available
regular troops not required in the
United States. Cuba, Porto Rico or
Hawaii. The Grant is booked to sail
from San Francisco in a day or two
with the Sixteenth Infantry.
It was originally intended to send the
Nineteenth Infantry to the Philippines
on the Sheridan, which vessel has just
returned to San Francisco, but this plan
has been abandoned owing to the un
expected delay in bringing the regiment
back from Porto Rico. The Nineteenth
Infantry was on the transport Meade
when that vessel ran aground on a reef
just outside of Ponce about two weeks
ago, and it is still detained in that
country awaiting the repair of the
troop ship.
Owing to the exigencies of the service
it has been found inexpedient to hold
the Sheridan at San Francisco for the
Nineteenth Infantry, and that vessel
will start for Manila on the 7th prox.
with about 2000 recruits for various
regiments in the Philippines. These re
cruits are already at San Francisco,
and were eventually scheduled, for duty2
in ill. Philippine s. Thei efore the pres
llte their move
■ ral weeks.
Several transports are now on their
v.;i> to San Francisco from Manila, and
the earliest of them will be used for
1.1 transportation of additional
i, inforcements to General Otia to take
the places of volunteers, it is believed
that it will !)•• possible to arrange f<>r
the departure of the Nineteenth Inf.ui
-Irv f] | ■ ■ ■ ■ . . by the middle
i if JUI
The Tw i nty- fourth Infani ry (col- I
.. which rendered brilliant Bervice
In Cuba, Is scattered along the Pacific
eing held in reserve for
rvice in the Philippines, in '■
case of an ■ > that
■will  tarted a< ross the Pacific
xvithii m few weeks. Beveral
will be available for sei
ai Smi Francisco during Juno, and it [a
;. ,i that the Shei man. Orant and
f, in be there again early In
ist.
The return movement of volunteers
in the Philippines will begin In ■ da.j or
, *in probably be i ompleted, so
t] leparture '■ rom the scene
■ .1. by the beginning
fornla and Oregon troops
eret tore Btated, compose the
tlon to start for home.
RAILWAY COMPANY
ASKS FOR A FRANCHISE
Opposition Corporation Seeking to
Obtain a Foothold, on the Island
of Hawaii.
H< iNOLULV, May L 9 Bition
tnpany for the ; - Cawall
i an application foi
It. ■The HHo
Honolulu Haiiroad. Companj ' is the
inder which it desires to Incorporate
la i.i •• v Ith the : ■ \\ a>
i 'I companj composed ol * ■
J. I-; Herbert B. >;.:■•. repre
..isiern capitalists . Th
Walki r and Fi
Of The,.. 11. !>.,,
s. w J \\ alt< r Jonea and
Gardner K. v. - I k\\^
• ■! tWO all
Hawaiian Islai
.. and
I
•hi tr sub-
I form of agreement with the Mm■
■ Interior, I I heir loca -
r ap] within oi 5 car.
■ ad or ratli
i town, through
Hilo, Hamakua and Ko
to Kawalhae or some other port In
Kohala district within three years after
approval or forfeit their franchise.
Mr. Browne says there la no ne<
bi ekii i th plantations h long
theii arrying business, aa
aviea in t • ■
compi b six oi thi largest plant-
The sudden appearing of competition i-
Btartling to the incorporators of the Hilo
1 "ompany, which, imnv v
ing Its chart, r B few 9
ors Into the : ■■■
Wilder surveys and I ■
•••rial. 11
not an ex< luslve charter— could not - I
Ithoul special enactmi
CLOSE OF THE ASSEMBLY
OF PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
'Blest Be the Tie That Binds"' Fit-
tingly Sung at the End of the
Annual Session.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 27.— Singing
"Blest Be the Tie That Binds," the one
hundred and eleventh annual assembly
of the Presbyterian church adjourned i
. this afternoon, to meet next year
In St. Louis. The song was peculiarly
appropriate u<v the termination of this
assembly, which has been, on the
h very harmonious one. The
McGlffert debate "as sometimes acrid,
but :.. cent of the members of
ly « ili X" to their hom< b
er \\ hat they consider the
wise grnanlmoua decision ar
rived at in the matter of McGlffert' a
. The assembly has disposed of
an immense amount of business, and
much of ii is of B very important na
• Mily one o\ ■ rture is to be sent
down from the assembly to be passed
upon by the 229 presbyteries, and that
is a proposal to substitute an entirely
new chapter for chapter 13 of the book
scipline.
SUGAR-PLANTING SCHEMES.
New Enterprises Being Developed on
the Hawaiian Islands.
HONOLULU. May 19.— New sugar plant
's are still developing. The
■ that divulges anything imminently
definite is that of Wahlawa, on Kauaui.
B. F. DiUingham is the promoter. The
basical an those of the Mcßryde
to which is added
1 1 hase from August I »relei
intatlon. This has the Beaboard
and therefore the shipping facilities
Water for irrigation is not lacking now
are being sunk to place the
supply beyond hazard. The capital sto< k
is to tx 18,500,000 In 175,000 shares of $20
ca<h par value. Although $. r ><i< •><>•» f n
oin is paid for the
• Mr. Dilllngharn Bays there is none
of thr amount to be held as promot< r's
stock.
Another scheme in prospect is to <m
hrace good lands in South Kona, Haw ill
owned by \V. R. Castle and \V. C. Achi,
who will pool issues on the proposition.
Beveral others are visible on the horizon
though still rather nebulous. Even Ka
boolame Islei Is mentioned aa a basis of
Wealth expansion.
a number of reputable stock-brokers
disgruntled at the exclusive cult of the
r slock exchange, met yesterday to
.• ■: preliminaries for organizing an
other storm center of speculation. The
initiation fee will be less considerably
than the 52500 of the Old mart. It la
proposed also to formulate quotations of
B iii corporations, which are sub
jects of actual transactions, even before
permanent organization.
THE DEWEY STATUE FUND
WILL SOON BE COMPLETE
Committees Have Prepared a Plan of Campaign
and Predict a Fiood of Subscriptions
This Week.
THE flattering result of the first day's subscriptions to the Dewpy
monument fund was so gratifying to the gentlemen who have asso
ciated themselves with the patriotic movement that th<>y now have no
hesitancy In expressing their belief that the entire amount of the
money necessary for the erection of the statue will be in hand with
in a very f> v. weeks. With $25,000 to start with the end is already in sieht
and < 'aHfornians will have the pleasure and gratification of being thr first
to put into execution a plan for raising a statue in commemoration of the
hero who has won for himself and his country undying fame.
The various committees having in charge the work of soliciting and col
lecting subscriptions for the fund spent yesterday in preparing plans for
the work that is to be done next week. The downtown portion of the city
has been divided Into districts and each district has been assigned to will
ing workers who will make a thorough canvass and collect the various
sums that merchants and all classes of business and professional men have
expressed a willingness to contribute to the good cause.
The souvenir receipts which are to be prepared and given to each sub
scriber to the fund are to be elaborate in design and in every way fitted
for the purpose for which they art- Intended. The design is now being pre
pared by competent artists and will h*. ready for submission to the commlt
i n Wednesday. Thr receipt of all subscriptions, largo and small, will
be acknowledged on one of these Illuminated parchments and will bo
signed by the gentlemen who have undertaken the work of promoting the
mUm for the erection of a Dewcj' statue.
GRAVE FRAUD IN
EXAMINATIONS FOR
THE PUBLIC SERVICE
Showing Up a Condition of
Affairs That Is Alleged to Ex=
ist in Southern Arizona.
NOGALES, VrUona, May '-'7. It has re
centlj dcvi topi d that the Civil S< r\ Ice
Commission sent from Washington, I>. C,
:\ M. iviggins, a gentleman connected
with the commission, and he was engaged
il days Investigating alleged frauds
In the civil service examinations .is con
ducted by the local hoard here.
These charges Involve the Collector of
Custqms ot this port, H. K. Chenoweth,
as weii as the members "f we local board,
which la composed of three Custom-house
officials. Since the return if Mr. Klgglns
to Washlngti n not only has the fact of
the Investigation become public, but the
■ n ai t> r and mv.it of the testimony
la new known. Affidavits haw- been made
n putable persons, who are In
a position t" know the truth of the (acts
to which they testify, which show a state
of affairs In the civil service examinations
which, if extended throughout th un
try, would make the whole system ol ■ k
aminationa a mere plaything in the bands
of spoilsmen. What is charged and proved
.■■: • In Nogales will come
.is a shock to every civil service reformer
i country, for, if such work can be :
Territory.
It can be done In < \ pry ■ " ol cvi rj
Lment of the Government and every
idopi the
da tried bo successfully here.
. target ma ■■< aiti t that the civil ■
sorvl t examinations held In October, 1897,
- wen- fraudulent In this
the offli lal lists ol qu< stlons and
• • ; am v ashlngton to the
ard wi iv c.;., ned In ad\ an< c of
can ■ ni thi problt ms were
solved, the questions answered and th< re
sults a . \ a com
■ and gl\ en to ta\ ored ap
;.-. who went into the examination
room with their work dene for them In
advance, leaving nothing for them to do
cop> the slips of paper which had
supplied them. Th« work is alleged
to have been done by Professor <>. L.
I.' wis, principal of the public schools
and a i ousin of I or, H. K. Chen
oweth. The allegations were supported
by the affidavits of several persoi
whom Lewis admitted that he had done
thi work. Those examined In October,
■■■ r< J. .!. Chatham. W. .1. McKey
J. Duckworth, ..1! of whom passed
■ i imination ■■ means of fraud. < >n
March 16, 1898, Mrs. Chenoweth, wife of
the C • md Mrs. Aguirre. wife of
'.■:• Deputy Collector; a soldier from Fort
Ui a. whose name is .. ■• •■ w
ed, and <;. S. Hitchcock, then j
the Custom-house, now mounted mi
i wen examined.
In this last examination
that Mrs. Chenoweth and Mrs:
fraudulently passi ■:. Thi
■ - ha I b< en prep] n the pre
imlnatlon by <>.
: ■ i from Fort Huachuca fail<
Mr. Hitchcock passed by dint ;
■• i effort.
•"• . ' • rain.i
questions and
ms. arrived here fr.>in Washington
D ■ ' oi the morning ol M irch !4, 1S*»8.
•■■■:■• at once taken from the post
■
turned over to
Mr. Chenoweth, where they were put into j
the Custom-house safe and were seen j
by "Tliers during the day. ( >n the 1
night of the I4i h of March, 1898, Collector
.•. >■•*! took the papers to his home,
and In his presence the problems were i
solved and questions answered for Mrs.
iwetb by Mr. O. L. Lewis. On thei
following night Mrs. Aguirre. in company
with her husband, the Deputy Collector,
. ;■ the i 'olje'-t-ir. where
the papers were prepared for Mrs.
Aguirre.
It is further in evidence that on the
evening of March 15, !vv Colled >r Chen
went to one of the officials to
whom it was known that a package had
been received fr<>m the Civil Bervice Com
mission on the utfa day of March. 1898,
and borrowed hi.s key to the postomce
box used by the Custom-houne. all<
that he i xpected mail from Mexico, which '
ties here until Bo'clock at night, I
and Is not distributed until the next morn- I
NEW YORK TO AGAIN
SEE THE HARTFORD
Practically Rebuilt, Farragut's Fa
mous Flagship Will Cruise
With Recruits.
NEW YORK. Ma;. Tt. A Washington
il to the Herald sayß: New Fork is
to see the Hartford, Admiral Far
ragut's flagship during the Civil War.
CTnder Commander John M. Hawley the
tructed vessel is to be placed in
• Ission next fall at the Mare Island
Navy Yard as a training ship. Comman
,,• ; Hawley proposes to obtain 300 raw re
cruits from the "West, and to this end has
arrangements for opening recruit
ing rendezvous at various points in the
country.
Lieutenant Commander Alexander
p Jr.. who commanded the Vixen in
the battle <>f Santiago, will !"■ the execu
tive officer of the Hartford, and the de
partment i* now preparing the detail of
other others who will be assigned to this
Bhip. It has not been definitely deter
mined whether the Hartford will go to
New York via Suez canal or <'ape Horn,
but it Is prQbahle that the former route
will be adopted. In this event the ship
will visit Honolulu. Manila and various
Asiatic and European ports.
The new Hartford is regarded by many
naval officers as one of the most comfort
able vessels now in the service. She has
been supplied with an entirely new rapid
firing battery and has been practically re
built, though she still retains the lines
which made ber the graceful flagship of
Farragut, and the command of such of
• : Shufeldt, Goldsborough, Relknap.
Jenkins, Dekraft, Luce and upshur. She
was tirst commanded by Captain Rich
aid Wainwright, father of tht officer who
commanded the converted yacht in the
battle off Santiago de Cuba.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28. 1899.
Inc. On the morning of thelflth of March,
ivy Deputj Collector Aguirre said to the
same official that unless the examination
papers came from Washington by that
rt-'jni'ng's man there w.ui'i be no
examination on that day. as the papers
had not arrived from Washington, v is
also in evidence that Collector Cbenoweth
on the morning of t » 1 . - 16th "f March, 18X,
took the envelope containing the examin
ation i apers back to the postofilce before
the arrival of the morning mail and put
i!:-'P> !*r«. the Custom unuw p«#«.lj|n».e
box. and then, after 1 1 j • • arrival of the
mall went to 1 1 1 • • Custom-house and re
turned the key which he bad borrowed,
and said that he could n>>t open the i">x
and fur the official to go and see ir ho
could get the mail.
The official went to the postofflce and
opened the box wlthoul any difficulty
whatever, and there among the mail mat
ter was the envelope -containing the ex
amination papers, which had arrived once
before, on the 14th day of March, IS9B.
The three Beals on the envelope had been
carefully cul with some sharp Instru
ment, then reheated and stuck together
again, bui in such a manner as to muti
late the Impression on the seals and oth
erwise t • • give away the crime. Also, th>'
Kogales postmark, dating the arrival of
the package, March n. had been tam
pered with, the original date rubbed out
in pan and the figure "'•" marked in with
a lead-pencil, making the date read
"March U." This envelope has been care
fully preserved, and is now In the office of
th. Civil Service Commission at Wash
ington, D. C. it is further In evidence
that Mrs. Chenoweth and Mrs. Aguirre
while in the examination room did not
appear to be working the problems, but
seemed to be copying from other papers,
and went through the ordeal much
. •■!■ than the soldier from Huachuca
and Mr. Hitchcock, who participated In
. mination.
Mr. Chenoweth was in the room where
the examination was being held during
the whole of the time that Mrs. Cheno
wetlwand Mrs. Aguirre were being exam
ined, and when the three retired a new
guard was put on to remain until the
other applicants had finished working
their problems, etc.
It i- also In evidence thai Collector
weth, alter the facts of this gigan
tic fraud became known, prepared a paper
for th. signatures of the customs officials,
stating thai there was no fraud practiced
or attempted to be practiced In the ex
ition. Seme of the officials who are
charged with being parties to the fraud
■ ■! the paper, but others refused to
do so. , yen when an attempt was made
to intimidate them, which threats were
backed up by the presence of a profes
sional gunflghter, whom Chenoweth took
along with him when be demanded that
the paper be signed.
It can Ik stated as a fact of public his
tory that about the middle of the past
summer Mrs. Chenoweth was sworn in as
cashier of the Custom-house, and is now
mi the pay roll as such, and. at th< same
time it is announced by Custom-hoilse
brokers who pay large amounts of money
Into the Custom-house that Mrs. Cheno
weth has never acted as cashier and has
never received or receipted for any sum
or sums whatever. Mrs. Aguirre was as
signed t>> some position in the Custom
house and went "ti the pay roll at a later
date.
.Mr. k:^e.j :; s catted OH Mr. McKey and
Mrs. Chenoweth to stand a re-examina
tion, but they refused to participate there
ln. He iiis" asked Mr. Chenoweth to send
for J. J. Chatham In order t" give him
a re-examlnation, but Mr. Chenoweth re
fused to send for Chatham.
It is well known here that other flag
rant charges have been made against
these same official* and reported Investi
gations made. This rnav be so, but it is
believed ber< that if the investigations
have been made the merits of the rase
have never reached the department at
Washington.
This community is satisfied that the
ent Investigation Instigated by Mr.
Klgglns of the Civil Service Commission
will be honestly, fairly and faithfully
done.
Mr. Chenoweth offered to hot not long
Blnce the sum, of $500 that nothing would
come of the investigation, alleging that a
pull at Washington would fix the matter
up and nothing would come of It.
'pacific coast fruit
association's failure
Unable to Bring the Santa Clara
County Exchange Into the
Combine.
sax JOSE, :.i..y to — The s.uua Clara
County Fruit Exchange has refused to
join the Pacific Coast Fruit Association,
the big organization of prune growers re
cently formed here, and it will Buspend
for this Beason all operations of the new
organization.
Th« re has been a hitch between the two
organizations over the manner in which
the surplus of tt;,- crop should be handled.
The exchange people were willing the as
sociation should fix prices, but insisted
that the Burplus at the end of the season
should be divided among the shippers and
disposed of In some manner not to affect
th«- market, the shippers to give their
checks for the amount of surplus to the
Pacific Coasl Association. The latter or
ganization would not cons. in, claiming
'■ ::: " whI1 « !!:1 Checks of tha exchange
would be good there was bound to be
trouble with some of the shippers
The joint committee appointed to try to
, rr , alur< \3, 1 settl( ' : »"> ! held three meetings
but could come to no understanding, and
the committee of the Pacific Coast Fruit
Association so reported to the board of
din ctors or that organization to-day This
means that the Pacific Coast Fruit Asso
ciation will have to wait a year before
putting its plan to handle the" prune cron
U -"-V;,',. mV The Fruil I<:x «hange handled
17,660,000 pounds of prunes last year and
nothing could be Rained with these two
organizations at outs.
JAPANESE RIOTERS TRIED.
Verdicts Reached in the Kahuku
Plantation Cases.
TIOXOI.TT.T-. May 19.-The trial of the
first Latch f Japanese charged with mur
der in connection with the riot at Kahuku
plantation ended near midnight last night.
li bad lasted seven days, -he jury wan
out two hours and forty-five minutes,
when it returned the following verdict:
lhara Ichlgoro. murder tlrst degree two
jurors dissenting.
Vatnam Vancnirt. manslaughter third
<!■ gxee, two dissenting.
Osaka Mankichl. manslaughter first de
-■■•• • nree dissenting.
Danjiro Yachlchf, not guilty, three dis
senting.
Fujimoto Nehai, not guilty, two dissent
ing.
Mr. Robertson gave notice of a motion
for a new trial. Sentence was lixed for
next Monday.
Guarding Against Smallpox.
HONOLULU, May 19.-At a special
meeting 01 the Board of Health the other
day it was decided that the port ph> -i
t lan should thenceforth board for inspec
tion all transports touching here— those
frgm San Francisco as well as those from
Manila. The cause of this action is the
case of the Grant carrying smallpox into
5..:; Francisco under the noses of the
ship's surgeon.
Summer Exodus From Hawaii.
HONOLULU. May Outgoing steam
ers are unable to carry .all the first-class
passengers wanting berths. The rush Is
caused by the number of prosperous resi
dents desiring to summer abroad, besides
a largely increased tourist movement both
from ports beyond and Honolulu.
CfTI.KRY PAT.
Some articles out 60 per cent.
Hnme articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
eras will
RETURN TO FRANCE
Almost as Good as
Decided.
READY FOR THE TRIAL
PARIS IS STIRRED TO ITS
DEPTHS.
Likely That the Prisoner Will Be
Taken Away From the Capital
for His Final
Hearing.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISW, by James Gor
don Bennett.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦>■♦'•♦■
LONDON, May 25.-Speoial
dispatches from Paris received
lure say the Government offi
cially announced that Dreyfus
will be retried by a court-mar
tial, the sittings Of which will be
hold in a garrison town distant
from Paris.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦> + + + +
PARIS, May 27.— As the moment for
the opening sitting of the Court of Cas
sation over the Dreyfus case draws
near a feeling of nervous tension seems
to be oppressing everybody. I have It
on good, perhaps the best, authority,
if hi except M. Ballot de Beaupre him
self, that the official reporter's sum
ming up of the case will urge the ab
solute inevitableness of revision.
Tho d( mand for places in court on
Monday is enormous. M. Bergougnan,
president of the judicial press. h;«s been
bo harassed by the complaints of jour
nalists about their places that he re
signed his functions last night. All his
work devolves on the vice president,
who refuses to be troubled, leaving the
journalists to fight it out
The Herald has made arrangements
with M. Marcel Prevost, the novelist,
for Bpecial pen-pictures of the sittings
of the court. These will be given sup
ntary to the regular stenographic
r< ports of the proceedings. M. Prevost
has a peculiar faculty for literary pho
tographs of judicial dramas.
Early this afternoon it was rumored
that the president of the civil section of
the Court of Cassation, M. Ballot de
Beaupre, had reported to the Presi
dent of the Court of Cassation, M. Ma
zeau, in favor of a revision of the Drey
fus trial and Bending the prisoner again
before a court-martial. This, later in
the day, was confirmed by a direct
Statement that the president of the
civil section had so reported to the
presideni of the Court of Cassation.
It is believed that it Is practically
C( Main to' be accepted by the Court of
Cassation, and means that Dreyfus
will be brought back to France and re
tried.
The proceedings in the rase will con
sist of the reading of the report of M.
l'.:iil<-t de Beaupre. followed by a
li by Maitre Mornard. counsel for
Mme. Dreyfus, and the address of the
Public Prosecutor, M. Maneau. The
court will then retire to deliberate upon
a verdict, which it is expected will be
rendered on Friday or Saturday.
BIG DEMONSTRATION
TO HONOR MARCHAND
LONDON*. May 27.— A great demon
stration is being prepared in honor of
Major Marchand on his arrival in Paris
on Monday next. The Military Club,
where the African explorer •will stay,
is to be ambitiously decorated. General
Zuiiinden, the Military Governor of
Paris, has arranged for delegations of
all arms of the army and navy to re
ceive the major at the club. Everybody
present will be in uniform, so the event
will be one of the most brilliant recep
tions ever se*-n in Paris. The police
have prepared to rope with attempts
to arouse a repetition of the
craze. All seditious emblems will be
seized. Major Marchand, however, is
not desirous of playing the role of a
second Boulanger. His father has re
ceived a letter from his saying:
"The news that some sort of a
grandiose reception is in store fills me
with disappointment, not unmingU>d
with disdain. My sword belongs only
to my country, and I will never dis
honor it by playing the game of a
few facetious Individuals."
It is certain there will be stirring
Been* s in Paris on Monday, however, as
Major Marchand's reception follows the
meeting of the Court of Cassation to
consider the report of the president of
the civil section of that body. M. Ballot
dc Isi-aupre, in favor of a revision of
the Dreyfus trial and the trial of MM.
de Roulede and Marcel-Habert for in s
citing soldiers to insubordination in
connection with the election of Presi
dent Lou bet.
RAISIN-GROWERS HAVE
WON THEIR FIGHT
NEW YORK, May 27.— Theo H. Kear
ney, president of the California Raisin
Growers' Association, in the course of a
conversation shortly before leaving to
day for a brief trip abroad, taken chiefly
to try the waters at Homburg, said:
"In our efforts to organize last year we
met a certain amount of hostility on the
part of the trade of the East. We were
sorry to encounter it. The management
is extremely anxious to so conduct busi
ness as to win the good will of the trade
in the- East, and we think that if the
trade had really understood what we
were doing we would not have met this
opposition at all.
"One of the greatest sources of diffi
culty to the success of the raisin indus
try was the inferior and sometimes dis
honest packing and the disposition among
brokers and dealers in the East to cut
commissions and prices. Of course we had
in take radical measures to control these
matters, and we insisted upon having
such contracts with brokers as practi
cally deprived them of being free agents
In their own business. This disturbed
connections in the East and West and
created some hostility. We were not
forced to take any hostile action against
the brokers, however, as they agreed to
what we asked and we have left the trade
practically in the same channels it has
always been In. It makes it much bet
ter for trade because trade is assured of
standard quality and gets, as raisins are
sold for twice for what they sold before,
double its commissions on the same
amount of trade."
Lumber Prices Again Advance.
At a special meeting: of the- Pine Manu
facturers' Association held at 29 Steuart
stnet yesterday morning an advance in
rough merchantable lumber of $1 per
thousand and $2 per thousand on uppers.
Nos. 1 and 2 flooring, etc., were announced
to take effect at 12 m. to-day. The in
crease in freights is said to be the prin
cipal cause of the rise In prices.
THREE MEN IN
A BATTLE WITH
A FLYING FISH
Large Tuna Wrecks Their Boat,
but Is Landed After a
Hard Struggle.
LOS ANGELES, May 27.— One of the I
most remarkable experiences ever re
corded in fishing annals took place near
Avaldnj Catallna Island, yesterday, al
most resulting in the drowning of three
men, and well illustrating the power
Of game fish of Southern California.
Tin- tournament of the Tuna Club has i
created great Interest, and ten or
twelve members of the Hub have been
trying for the first tuna of the season
night and day. Yesterday C. F. Holder,
president of the Tuna Club, and T. M.
Townsend of Philadelphia, with "Jim" j
Gardner as boatman, started for Long i
Point, towed by the launch Minnehaha.
in charge of Bassett of Pasadena. Off
Whites Landing, four miles from Ava- j
lon, they struck a large school of tunas, j
the Hying flsh darting in every direc
tion.
Townsend had the first strike, but ;
failed to hook. A second later Holder
had a strike. In a moment the boat
was rushing astern after the fish. The
rod was the lightest ever used for tuna:
the line was the Tuna Club regulation
twenty-one strand. After a hard strug
gle the- fish was brought to gaff in i
about forty minutes. Holder passed
the tip of his rod forward; Gardner;
hooked the fish with the caff and pro
ceeded to haul it in.
Just as it was landed the fish gave a
convulsive leap and capsized the boat,
which began to sink. The fishermen j
were about a mile from shore. The;
launch was some distance away, hav
ing kept off to avoid the line when the
fiflh was playing.
SOUTH AMERICA TO
HAVE A CARDINAL
The Pope Intends to Promote a Pre
late After the Coming Council
of Bishops.
NEW YORK, May C7.— On its own ac
count and for the direct bearing Its re
sults will have on the problem of the
Catholic church in our new possessions
prelates hero are intently watching the
outcome of the plenary council of Bish
ops of the Latin republics which opens to
morrow in Rome, tt was summoned to
mi • i by a rescript from the Pope, issued
lasi Christmas and addressed to the Bish
ops of South America and Mexico. Ses
sions will be held at the South American
College in Rome and will be presided over
l.\ a Cardinal specially designated by the
Pope. Ten Archbishops and fifty-nine
Bishops are expected to participate In the
proceedings. No stated programme has
bei i! lai<i down for the business of the
council other than the general welfare of
the church in these countries. It is un
derstood, however, that one of the chief
topics will be the difficulties that are con
tinually cropping up in all these repub
lics between Masonic bodies and the
church authorities.
Modifications of existing laws in their
relation to non-Catholic marriages and
burials and their general toleration are
also likely to come up. The whole bear
ing of the teaching of Spanish-American
clergy in contradistinction to the policy
of the- church In the United States will be
a factor in the discussions. This will be
all the more important and prominent
because of the new relationships that the
church must take on in our new posses
sions. It is anticipated that at the end
of the council, which may last for a week
or more, the Pope will announce that he
intends to create one of the attending
prelates a Cardinal at the coming con
sistory. South America has never had a
Cardinal. It Is believed the honor will be
given to Brazil.
DENOUNCES ARMY CANTEENS.
Governor Mount Speaks at the Y. M.
C. A. Convention.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., May 27.— At
the morning session of the International
convention of the Y. M. C. A. subscrip
j tion lists were circulated and pledges to
i the amount of J14.00U were taken up in
I two hours— s6ooo for the railroad depart
, ment and $8000 for general purposes.
The afternoon was devoted to the three
•' sectional conferences, all being well at
[ tended. The principal nddrcss of the
evening was given by Governor Mount of
! Indiana, whoso subject was "The Promo
i tiort of Civic Righteousnpss Among
I Young Men." He denounced the army
' canteen as a national shame
The section of work which exhausted
most of the interest to-day, next to that
of the army and navy, is that pertaining
!to railroads. The railroad delegates hela
1 a special conference this afternoon. T. F.
Whittlesey of Toledo delivered an address
on "What Does the Railroad Company
Expect From the Railroad Department?"
Just before the adjournment to-night
the convention reconsidered the action
; fixing Montreal as the place for the next
j convention in 1901 and substituted Boston
for Montreal.
•
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Captain Hacker, Commissary for Vol
unteers, Ordered to Manila.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War Captain Theo
dora B. Hacker, commissary of subsist
ence. United States Volunteers, accom
panied by his authorized clerk, will pro
ceed from New York to San Francisco
and report in person to the commanding
general. Department of California, for
duty. He will then proceed to the Philip
pine Islands and report in person to the
commanding general, Department of the
Pacific and the Eighth Army Corps, for
assignment to duty.
The special postal service between Mar
tinez and Fraserville, Contra Costa Coun
ty. Cal., will be discontinued after May 31.
Pensions: California: Additional— lsaac
Teachout, Estrella. $4 to $12. Reissue and
Increase— John A. McCoy, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $6 to $8.
Oregon: Original— John C. Hess, Port
alnd, $8. Increase — Solomon A. Greene
Grants Pass. $6 to $8.
"Washington: Original— Horace J. Ames,
Goshen, $6.
GASKILL TO BE NAMED.
Will Be Made Secretary of the Paris
Fair Commission.
I.OS ANGELES. May 27.— Varney Gas
kill of Oakland Is to be unanimously elect -
I ed at San Francisco on Monday as Becre
| tary of the Paris Exposition Commission
I The name of O. A. Stevens of this city
I is not to be presented for the position
Major Ben Truman, who has been from
the first Stevens' particular champion,
has decided with Stevens' full knowledge
and consent to make it unanimous lor
Gaskill.
Annual Picnic at Biggs.
BIGGS, May 27.— The citizens and
friends held their annual reunion in Biggs
yesterday. From an early hour a steady
string of vehicles bearing" merry picnick
ers arrived in town. The visitors were
from Butte. Glenn and Colusa counties
and the cities of Marysville, Wheatland
Chico. Oroville, Colusa and Gridley. The
features of the forenoon were a speech by
Colonel 11. T. Bartchclder of Oroville, and
the address of welcome by Professor
George H. Stout of Biggs. There were
games, races, a tug of war and other
j sports for prizes. In the afternoon there
i was dancing at the cannery. The base
ball game between the Gridley and Wil
lows teams was won. by the latter. The
day's festivities closed with a ball in
Hamilton Hall.
Holder's end of the boat sank and !
left htm in the water. Seeing that it j
would not hold them all he struck out j
for the launch, which he finally j
reached, greatly exhausted.
Even then the boat would not hold !
the two men and the fish and rolled j
over and over several times, the lone j
wire leader of Holder's line having
wound around Townsend's legs. "Jim" |
Gardner started for the launch, leav
ing Townsend alone in the boat, which
now turned bottom up, allowing
Townsend to climb on the keel and
float.
All this time Gardner held on to
Holder's fish, and he performed a most
remarkable feat of courage and pluck.
He swam from the sunken boat, still
holding the fighting fish. Sometimes he j
was on the fish, sometimes the fish was ;
on him. Three times the game creature
made desperate plunges and carried
him under water. Finally Gardner |
reached the launch exhausted. He j
never released his grasp on the fish i
until Holder, Bassett and Mrs. Gardner i
drey/ it in. Then Gardner was pulled j
over the side, and Townsend, who had
insisted upon the fish being landed be- I
fore he was rescued, was picked up. !
A rope was thrown to him, and as he
let go the boat he was towed to the
launch and hauled in, after a plucky
exhibition.
When the fishermen were rescued iho
water for an acre around looked as
though there had been a wreck. Oars, |
clothr-s, rudders, gaffs, hats and ntht-r
debris floated about.
When Gardner was hauled in Holder's j
hook was found in his clothes. It had
cut his arm. Gardner was badly cut
and scraped by the fish.
REINA MERCEDES CASTS
ANCHOR AT NORFOLK
Captured Spanish Cruiser Turned
Over to the United States
Government.
NORFOLK, Va., May 27.-Amid the
booming of cannon and the screaming of
steam whistles from tugs, bay steamers
and ocean liners the captured Spanish
cruiser Reina Mercedes arrived in port
this afternoon. Accompanying her was a
flotilla of six tugs.- all profusely deco
rated with flags. Cannon saluted as she
was towed through the harbor, and the
tugboats kept their whistles in an almost
continuous scream from the time she
rounded Lambert's Point until the navy
yard was reached. Every craft tied down
the whistle lever, and there was a babel
of notes. The Mercedes was saluted by
every passing steamer and acknowledged
each greeting by a blast of her whistle.
It took considerable time to make the
prize fast to the wharf. After she was
turned over to the United States Govern
ment Captain Seymour, local agent of the
Merritts, received a receipt for the vessel.
MRS. OELRICHS' SPITE
FENCE TORN DOWN
NEW YORK. May 27.— Mrs. Hermann
Oelrlch's alleged spite fence between her
place and that of George E. Parkman at
Newport was reduced to kindling-wood
by her order to-day. The matter has oc
casioned her no end of trouble and an
noyance, for it was not her purpose or
desire to embarrass Mr. Parkman be
cause he would not sell her his estate,
as it was said she had done.
Mrs. Oelrichs and her architect visited
the place this morning and found the :
fence nothing like what she wanted,
and so she ordered its removal. She did
not intend to have it on a line between i
the two estates. A seven-foot fence
will now be erected all around Mrs. Oel
rich"s new house.
YALE OARSMEN WIN.
ANNAPOLIS. Bid., May 27.— The crew j
of Yale University's eight-oared shell !
outrowed the naval cadets to-day over j
a two-mile straighaway course and
crossed the line eleven and a half seconds j
ahead of the middies. The contest was
over the inside course on the Severn, j
Both crews took the water well at the i
sound of the pistol and got away to- I
gether. The superior weight and better j
training of the New Haven boys soon
demonstrated their superiority, and the '
visitors Bteadlly increased their lead to j
the finish. Once or twice Superintendent
Gannon of Annapolis tried to urge his
men. but the Connecticut boys as often
nobly responded to their captain's com
mand, and the advantage gained at the
start was gradually increased. Yale
crossed the line in 10 minutes and 28 sec
onds, with the cadets eleven and a half |
seconds and several lengths astern.
BIG STRIKE OF OIL.
LOS ANGELES, May 27.— A 400-barrel I
oil spouter is the latest thing at Fuller
ton. The well was uncovered yesterday
morning. It belongs to the Gruham-
Loftus Oil Company. Oil was struck at a I
depth of 1460 feet and the well is deeper
than any ever put down in the field. The i
Santa Fe people have a well 1200 feet deep
about 100 foet from the new gusher.
The discovery of the new Graham-Lof- ;
tvs increases the daily production of the j
field to 700 barrels. The field is now .is i
large an actual producer as any other sec
tion in the State. The oil ranges in gray- '
ity between 20 and 22 degrees, although !
oil of 32 degrees gravity has heen found i
in three of the most easterly of the wells I
worked. The oil is now worth here be- 1
tween 80 cents and $1 a barrel.
OIL COMPANY FORMED.
SANTA BARBARA, May 27.— Articles
of incorporation were yesterday filed in
the County Clerk's office by a corporation
whose purpose is to purchase, hold or sell
water, water rights, rights of way, oil
wells, oil. to bore and prospect for oil.
run, in, -i pip« lines, to run and operate
railroads and steamships and many other
things incident to conducting the bust] 1 88
of an <>il company. The purpose of the i or
poratlon is said to be to unite against the
outreachlng Southern Pacific Company in
this section. Its incorporators arc
Thomas P. Wood. Mary C. Wood of Santa
Barbara. H. H. Herron. F. T. Herron and
R. E. Small of Los Angeles.
Stockton's Republican Club.
STOCKTON. May 27.-.The Republicans
of the city were not discouraged by their
late defeat, and have already taken steps
to strengthen the local organization. With
this, end in view, the Republican Club was
last night reorganized and all factions
given a representation. J. R. Koch, known
as one of the stanchest Republicans in the
city, was made president, F. J. Ryan vice
president. P. O. J^Jnsey secretary and
Wash Tucker treasurer. The new exec
utive committee consists of Carl Simon,
Dudley Sebreo, P. A. Buell, T. A. Benja
min and G. H. Raab. The next meeting
of the club will be held on Friday night,
when the new officers will take their seats.
Women Eligible as Delegates.
STAUNTON, Va., May 87.— The annual
general conference of the German Baptist
Brethren, or Dunkard Church, adjourned
to-day at Roanoke. Among other things
it was decided that women in good stand
ing were eligible as delegates to the Gen
eral Conference. Instrumental music j s
prohibited. Neckties are to be worn only
as a matter of health. Representatives, of
railroads and land companies and raisers
of tobacco were declared ineligible as del
egates.
KEANE Mi? NOW
BE REINSTATED .
Likely to Become Rector
of University.
IS RETURNING FROM ROME
OLD DISSENSIONS OF WASHING
TON INSTITUTION ENDED.
Summons of the Archbishop to the
Eternal City Seems to Have
Truly Resulted to His
Advantage.
Special Dispatch f. The Call.
NEW YORK, May 27.-In this city
to-day a report from Rome was dis
cussed to the effect thai Archbishop
Keane upon his return to the Tinted
States would su , rship
of the <'athulii i : rS ity ; America
at Washington, from which he was re
moved by papal command aboul three
years ago. The pn , w on his
way to this country, having
leave of absence fr two
years.
There wore few Catholics to b< found
who would pay that they did n<
lieve his residence here would !>
manent. Archbishop Kean<
mont from the university was the re
sult of internal dissen.sir.ua in the hier
archy and of disagreements among
members of the faculty of the institu
tion, some of whom clung to the old
world notions of church polity, while
others, with them Kishop Keane at
their head, advocated more liberal
ideas.
Archbishop SatolH was then in the
ascendancy, and it is believed that his
reports led the "Pope to depose
Bishop Keane. Satolli left the coun
try, to ho succeeded by Mgr. Marti
nf-lli, and while the former was still on
the ocean on his way to the eternal
city Bishop Keane was removed and
summoned to appear before the eccle
siastical authorities. It was feared
that the summons boded no good to the
retiring rector, but the contrary proved
to be the fact, for not long after his ar
rival in Rome Leo XIII began to be
stow favors upon the American Bishop.
He was soon promoted to Archbishop.
With th^ promulgation of the Pope's
recent letter on "Americanism," all
the difficulties in the church on thi3
side of the Atlantic having been adjust
ed. Archbishop Keane"s presence in
Rome became no longer necessary, and
h:s application for a leave of absence
for two years was readily granted.
Some jokes you can't see the point of
and some points you can't see the joke
of.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"No Eye Like the
Master's Eye/
You are the master of your
health, and if you do not
attend to duty, the blame for
ill health is easily located. If
your blood is out of order,
Hood s Sarsaparilla 'will
purify it* It is the specific
remedy for troubles of the
blood, kidneys, bowels, liver*
Hives — " €My <wife suffered untold
agony from hives. Hood's Sarsaparilla.
and Hood's 'Pills taken together cured her.
The Sarsaparilla makes a ne<u> man of
me every spring." Henry Plante, 4 High
Street Court, Worcester, Mass.
Spring Tonic — "On general prin-
ciples I have taken Hood's Sarsaparilla as
a needed spring tonic. It is a most ex-
cellent medicine." Hakon Hammer, En-
gineer, 'Pottsto'wn,. Pa.
N. B. Be sure to get Hood's because
Hood's Pills cure liver ills : the non-Irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparllla.
~ "*"" " «
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great '
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
$ Q& ICSIJUSKSTST.te:.e:hir:h,S.r.Ci:. i
T C?^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
M il^fe^- World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
W jWaA disease po*l«l»«-ly cured by the oldest T
0 fggl Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. Q
A UW*l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
\ f CfS"&rS Consultation free and strictly private \
A M y » ■ Treatment personally rr by letter. A §
IV 1 iri|| PoMna Curt in every case undertaken. T
iB '/ } A Write for B ->.k. PHII.OSUPHVoI i
V* '1 I ™ MAURI**-*-. MAILED FREE. (A f
it (I 11' vllu ab'e book for men) \ .
9 OR.JUBPA.Vdt'O.,IOSI Market St., S. F. W
ffigmU. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
i Sum h@ Five hundred reward for any
B*™ *"fi case we cannot cure. This secret
7 m remedy stocs all losses In 24
jjE&t Kfl hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
-9jVl Cuul tency, " Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
t^hl U^J Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
1 %lul_SwE* Manhood and all wasting effects
Pi,", J - — of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed lv
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market st, S. F. Alt private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
*•* ' " '■>. - "" Eyes Scientifically
/ f^= =^\^T~Q Tested. Perfect
'>Hirv-V 3Hrf*Sl!r s Fit Guaranteed.
i£- •"•■>/</ fV^> Children's Eyes a
<fe^4>*HE r Markets,
CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL CO
'NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I/EAKNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
■ modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day
{6 to $8 week; {S to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and, cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; <-levator runs all night.
RADWAYS'S KKADY KELIKF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pair H»irt«iv. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colas, Sort* Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, •:i" > uroatlsm. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
(or Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All aruggui*BIG FIGHTERS li
, FINE CONDITION
Ready for the Battle of
Their Lives.
JEFFRIES SHOWS AGILITY
HAS IMPROVED GREATLY IN
FOOTWORK.
Fitzsimmons Will Weigh Close to
One Hundred and Seventy-
Pounds When He Enters
the Ring.
Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 27.— At the training
I both Fitzsimmons and Jef-
Ing runs have been short
• r work abandon. ml for ex
will give sp< cd. Bag-punching
j g hold first position now, and
ilt| cr< wis about the quarters grow
The "wise men" hav< begun w
Old-timers, who believe they'know
lion on sight and can tret a pretty
: whal is to happen by watch
work, drop in, stand silent as
till the work Is over, then shake
ds and walk away wondering.
annot be hss doubt that both
men good condition as any two
: fought. The big fellow
from California has don< wonders in the
way of work. He has taken flesh off where
it la and has hardened that
remains. Still weighing in the
■ 210 pounds, he can do three
sp< ed which would bother a
al i unn< r, and can tear off the
last hundred yards in close to 11 seconds,
proved in his general foot work
i startling He Is
confid • ■-. us, an.i general
ly in • mind and body to make
. ■ ■ rtaln chance.
In turn, stems like g i
I it. r with age. He is a
• t han hithi rto, and in spite of
■■ :! weigh but 158,
II be ii' arer 170. Fitzsim
tiad people fooled on his
•hi rto "ii the light side. This
time er way. He is a
nan In comparison to the Fitz
■ • years since.
Fitzsimn worked Into his pres
tion without particular diffi
culty. He knows himself perfectly; does
• ssary, and not a bit
consequence he is always on
• day of the fight comes around.
rdoi s, n< vi-r yet has he
the last week of train
■> To-day he is simply* perfect, and
day from now on goes to tune him
ff i
PENNSYLVANIA WINS
THE CHAMPIONSHIP
Kraentzlein Carries Off the Honors in
the Finals of the Track and
Field Games.
NEW YORK, M 28. Pennsylvania
won he intercollegiate championship In
the final of the track and Held frames at
Manhattan Held to-day, taking nine of
the thirteen events. A. C. Kraentzli in of
Pennsylvania simply romped over the :
hierli and low hurdles and won easily in
each event. He i lipped one-fifth of a j
second off the intercollegiate record v.iade :
by himself, but even this splendid
achievement was outclassed by his per
formance in the running broad jump. In
this event ho established a world's cord.
In th« 440-yards run, Maxey Hong of
Columbia, reached the tape three yards
in advance of his nearest opponent in '
49 2-5 seconds, which is just one-tenth of
a second better than the previous inter
collegiate record.
There were fully (5000 persons within the
inclosed grounds, and as many more
looked on from the viaduct and surround- |
ing points of vantage. Results:
Milt? run— Won by J. E. Cragal, Princeton.
Time. 4:2.') i-:..
440-yanl run— Won by M. W. Long of Colum
bia. Time. :49 2-5; breaking the intercollegiate
> cord of 4<*'.. Hecnn's.
*• "uttini; the shot— Won by J. C. McCracken
• Won by J. C McCracken
" Pennsylvania, distance forty-two feet half
inch.
120-yard hurdle— by A. C. Kraentzleln of
Pennsylvania. Time, 15 2-5 seconds, breaking
the intercollegiate record by one-fifth of a sec
ond and equaling th<» world's record.
100-yard dash— Won by .1. W. B. Tewksbury
of Pennsylvania] Time, 10 seconds.
Two-mile run Won by Alexander c, nt of
Pennsylvania; Time. 10:03 2-5.
Throwing th» sixteen-pound hammer — Won by
J. C. McCracken of Pennsylvania, 144 feet 1
inch.
Half-mile run— Won by T. B. Burke of Har
vard. Time. 1:58 4-5.
220-yard hurdle— Won by A. C. Kraentzlein of
Pennsylvania. Time. 23 4-5 seconds.
220-yard run— Won by J. W. B. Tewksbury of
Pennsylvania; Time, 21 3-5 seconds.
Pole vault— Won by R. C. Clapy of Yale, ii
feet 5 Inches.
Running high jump— Won by I. K. Baxter.
Pennsylvania, C feet 2 inches.
Running broad Jump Won by A. C. Kraentz
lein of Pennsylvania. 2( feet l'_. inches.
Score by points— Pennsylvania. 57; Harvard,
£S: Yale, L'" : _.; Princeton, 11; Syracuse, 10; Cor
nell. ■': Columbia, 5; Williams, 5; Georgetown,
1: Haverford. '.■■ Total. 14,",.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/''T^hk ne artist who is in search
LSfy f\ of attitudes descriptive of
uy "?) torture, and poses depicting
fob •■- | suffering, need not go to the
Jr- rw —^ Christian martyrs of
rfV__^Jt) . A old. If he could only
/ " t^ >X/ \ sef> through the walls
| A Y» / . \ into tens of thousands
1 \ \V J^-^J of homes all over this
\P>«»A__lfi land, he would see
V^^Ntfß^jdi women undergoing
A. \^T tortures in silence
/\ \ k without complaining,
i^^V \^ \ before which the
ft N. \J \V|i brief ordeals of the
A ]L^ p^\v martyrs pale into
BaC*^ \^>^/V^x\ nothingness.
SBsT v^=i^ jS\ * s *" one ut a
A~yT VJ^ "*v. iipj woman can tell
C^y*. > *~~^fJ>U, Ie sto of the
«L<Jaws><^ "' — suffering, the
*~ ~* despair, and the
despondency endured by women who
carry a daily burden of ill-health and pain
because of disorders and derangement of
the delicate and important organs that are
distinctly feminine. One of the worst
effects of troubles of this kind is upon the
nervous system. The tortures so bravely
endured completely and effectually shatter
the nerves. Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription is an unfailing cure for all weak-
ness and disease of the feminine organ-
ism. It makes it strong and healthy. It
allay 9 inflammation, heals ulceration and
6oothes pain. It checks exhausting drains
and tones and builds up the nerves. It
fits for wifehood and motherhood. Good
medicine dealers sell it, and have nothing
"just as good."
" Since my last child was born, thirteen years
aeo I have suffered from uterine trouble,"
writes Mrs. Paul Devrainc, of Jellico, Campbell
Co Ti-nn. "I consulted several doctors and
took much medicine, but found no relief. I had
very bad health for twelve years. Every month
I was in bed a week before the monthly period
ami a week after. I was obliged to keep in bed
for foul months last summer. I was just like
a corpse. I lost twenty-six pounds in four
months. I was coughing so much I was con-
sidered in consumption. I suffered severely
from pains in my back, bearing down pains in
the womb, chills and cold sweats. After taking
four bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery my coughing stopped, and ■ after six
bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription my
p/riods became regular and were passed with-
o.V pain. Now I am fleshy, more so than
cfrcr before. My neighbors are surprised to see
me in such good health after having seen me
•o low."
Constipation causes and aggravates many
serious diseases. It is speedily cured by
Dr. Pierces PJ-ocant Pellets.
HAROLD STAKES
in By si, ivor
Feature of the Card at
Latonia.
PARMENION RUNS SECOND
MYTH SECOND TO AL FRESCO AT
LAKESIDE.
St. Louis Kindergarten Event for
Two-Year-Old Colts and Geld
ings Is Taken by the
Conqueror.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, May 27.---A crowd larger
than that of Derby day turned out to see
the sport at Latonia to-day. The weather
was delightful and the track fast. Seven
two-year-old colts started in the Harold
stakes, which was the star piece of the
day's programme, 'i he winner turned up
In St. Ivor, who was 3 to 1 in the betting.
Lieutenant Gibson, the favorite, finished
third. St. Ivor got off in front and was
never in trouble. He won well in hand
by one length. Parmenion beat Lieuten
ant Gibson a head on the post for sec
ond money, Results:
Seven furlongs, Belling— AUle Belle won. Al
i.. it Vale second. Hanlon third. Time, 1:25>,4-
Four and a half furlongs— Miss Dede won,
[sablnda second, Princess Thyra third. Time,
:56. "'/■
The Cincinnati Driving Club cup, one mile,
gentlemen riders— Dudley E (Mr. Haydeck)
won Prosecutor (Mr. Carew) second, Tappan
(Mr. Bckert) third. Time, 1:45. .
Five furlongs, selling, for two-year-old colts,
the Harold stakes— St. Ivor won, Parmenion
second. Lieutenant Gibson third. Time, 1:02%;
One mill Cambrian won, Eberhari second,
Friesland third. Time. 1:42. 
Seven furlongs, selling- Bon Jour won. 1 line
W second, Bertha Nell third. Time, 1:2S&.
CHICAGO, May 117.— Weather clear;
track good. Results at Lakeside:
Six furlongs— VI Lone won, Martha Fox sec
ond Nathanson third. Time, 1:15.
Sunburst won. Ramona second, I ncie
Abb third. Time, 1:43%;
Five furlungs-Hobart won, Abe Furst second,
Mural third. Time, 1:00%.
Mile and an eighth— Al Fresco won, Myth sec
ond iquo II third. Time, 1:54%.
Mile— Stockholm won, Assessor second, bong
Dandy third. Time, 1:43%.
six' furlongs- Goebel won. Kamsin second,
King Bermuda third. Time. 1:15.
ST. LOUIS, May 27.— A fast track and
fine weather made this an Ideal racing
day at the Fair Grounds. The feature
of 'the day was the Kindergarten stake.
$1500 which was won by 'me Conqueror
from F \V. Krode ny three lengths. After
the race the v.inner was discovered to
have a split hoof which bled freely. Mus
kalonge was the winning favorite. Ke
sults:
Seven furlongs, selling— Ministry won. Ran
som second. Mamie G third. Tim. . l:3o^.
Mile and three-sixteenths— Muskalonge won,
Chancery second, Eva Rice third. Time. 2:04.
Owners' handicap, one mile and seventy
yards— Lee Bruno won. Be True second, Red
Pirate third. Time. 1:47.
Handicap, mile and seventy yards— Marplot
won. Cherry Leaf second, Lady Callahan third.
Time, 1:49. ,i : V '
Kindergarten stakes, for two-year-old colts
and geldings, value. $1300, five furlongs The
Conqueror won, F. W. Brode second, Aberdale
third. Time. IMMt-
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Sorrow won.
Loving Cup second, Andes third. Time, 1:21.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling— of
i:..i.n ™. Klsnie second. O.»ric II third. Time.
ST. LOUIS WINS IN
THE NINTH INNING
Two Singles' and a Sacrifice by Te
• beau's Men Bring In the
Deciding Run.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
.
dubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. I. Pet.
Brooklyn ....24 11 .6SS i Baltimore ...IS .' .525
St. Louis 23 11 .676lNew Y0rk. ..13 20 .3!i4
Boston 2-' 12 .647 Pittsburg ...12 20 .375
Philadelphia. 2o 13 .606 Louisville ...12 21 .3fi»
Chicago 21 14 .600 Washington. .ll 24 .314
Cincinnati ..17 15 .531; Cleveland ... 7 23 .233
ST. LOUIS, May 27. — St. Louis won a sensa
tional contest from Brooklyn in the ninth inn-
Ing to-day. Singles by Tebeau and Burkctt
and ii pretty sacrifice by Stenzel won the game.
Both Young and Kennedy pitched in great
form. Stenzel made a four-bagger in the lifth
with Burkett on second. Attendance, bOOO.
Score :
Clubs— R- H. K.
St. Louis " 10 2
Brooklyn 6 '■> 3
Batteries— Young and Criger: Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpires— Day and McGarr.
LOUISVILLE, May 27.— 80 th teams played
loosely in the field to-day, bi,it the visitors out
played the Colonels. The home team had three
men on bases in the ninth inning, but could not
score. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Louisville 6 9 6
New York 9 12 3
Batteries— and Kittredge; Meekln
and Grady. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
• CHICAGO, May 27.— Chicago won to-day in
the sixth, when Dineen was hit for four singles
an a double, two steals and three errors count
ing for five runs. Two marvelous catches by
Green were the only features of a listless game.
Attendant, 3500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Chicago •'• 5 " 1
Washington 16 6
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue; Dinecn and
McGulre. Umpires— Swart wood and Warner.
CINCINNATI, May 27.— Boston took the third
game from the Reds by superior hitting. Duffy's
batting and Stafford's fielding were the fea
tures. Attendance, 4400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 7 3
Boston 8 12 1
Batteries— Phllipps and Peitz; Lewis and Ber
gen. empires- and Connolly.
TRANSPORT SOLACE
HERE FROM MANILA
Brigadier General King Not a Passen-
ger on the Vessel as
Reported.
VALT.KJO, May 27.— The naval trans
port Solace arrived at Mare Island this
afternoon at 6 o'clock, having sailed from
Manila on April 11. She came via Yo
kohama and Honolulu and took twenty
six days' actual running time, though
Captain A. C. Dunlap. her commander,
says the time would have been less had
she been crowded. The run from Hon
olulu was made In eight days. She brings
as passengers Lieutenants Henry Mime.tt
and M. C. Gorgas, Passed Assistant En
gineer Emory Winship and Assistant Pay
master Lewis ' Poessel of the navy and
First Lieutenant B. C. Gilbert of the Sixth
United States Artillery. The Solace
stopped off the Mare Island lighthouse
to land Lieutenant Gorgas, whose family
resides there. Paymaster Poessel is the
last volunteer pay officer remaining In the
service. •
The Solace carries a complement of
twelve officers and seventy-four men.
Among the officers is Ensign W. T. Clu
verius, a son-in-law of Admiral Sampson.
The vessel has on board a draft of 173
men to be discharged, 9 prisoners for the
naval prison at the barracks and 22 sick
men. She has a guard of twenty-nine
marines. .
The advices from Honolulu that Briga
dier General Charles King. U. S. A., was
a passenger on the Solace had no foun
dation. Captain Dunlap states that per
mission for the general to come on his
vessel would have had to .be obtained
from Admiral Dewvy and that no request
for the purpose was made. He is at a
loss to know how the rumor started.
The Solace is as clean as can Be im
agined and is in' need of very few re
pairs. The authorities at Mare Islan^
have been expecting her and will do what
repairing Is necessary in a very short
time.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1599.
BfINAST^R WINS THE
BROOKLYN HANDICAP
Baoastar, Winner of tY)e Brooklyn Handicap,
and I-ps Rjder, Jockey Maher.
PILOTED
TO VICTOR!
Bl' MAHER
Record of 2:07 Made by Dry
Monopole in 1887 Low
ered to 2:06 1-4.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW V<»KK. May L'T.— Twenty-live
thousand delirious men and women
saw the good <"lt Haiiastai", owned by
; 'William H. Clark, romp away with the
purse attached to the Brooklyn handi
-1 cap at Gravesend this afternoon. Never
. in the history of the classic turf event
, did a horse win a fairer or finer race,
nor more clearly demonstrate its bu-
I periority over all competitors.
After th»> horses had been twenty
three minutes at the post the red (lag
was dropped with a "Go:" It was a
good start for all but Box, Jefferson
and Don de Oro, they being rather
slow to get goinp, "vvith the latter ap
pearing t>> prop himself. Filigrane was
off with a rare dash, attended by the
black mare Imp and Lanky B.>b. The
| favorite set a heartbreaking pace as
j coon as he was settled in his stride and
j George Keen*' stuck to him like an ad
der. Little McCue bent over Filigrane's
neck, trying to get away from the
i Paget horse, as if it were the last in- ■
j stead of the first furlong of the groat
I struggle, but George Keene had as
much speed as the three-year-old.
When they Hashed past the eighth
: pole in 12 3-5 seconds Filigrane's head
i was in front, with Banastar, Algol,
! Imp and Previous almost locked less
l than a length away from Keene; then
Thomas Cat and Don de Oro, which
had made a whirlwind rush after
j Spencer had got him in motion. Lanky
I Bob was next, with Everett hard at
: him to keep up with the first flight.
The second eighth witnessed a
change. Clawson and George Keene
had wrested th« lead from McCue and
Filigrane and all four were doing their
best to break the hearts of those be
hind them. But Banastar was with
them and Maher appeared to be in no
hurry to try and run them down. The
pace had been growing hotter and hot
ter, for George Keene Hew past the
quarter-pole in 24 4-5 seconds, making
! the second eighth in 12 1-5, or 2-5 faster
than the first. Filigrane was at his
head and Banas'ar a half length away,
with Algol, Imp and Previous at the
Clark horse's neck; then Thomas Cat,
Don de Oro, Lanky Bob and Warren
ton, all close enough to have a grand
chance. All this time Ben Holiaday
was laboring with Jefferson in the rear.
George Keene and Filigrane, heads
apart, continued to hold their places as
pace makers in the third furlong, and
Banastar was still their most danger
ous competitor, though they had in
creased their Lead over the sou of Par
ondale to a length and a half. Maher
sat sphinx-like on his handsome Bteed,
apparently satisfied with his position.
There were no changes in the positions
j of the others, except that imp began
to lose ground ;.s the leaders swung
around the three-eighths pole in 37 sec
onds Hat -the third furlong having been
run in exactly the same time as the
second.
It was evident that both Clawson and
McCue had no waiting orders, for their
mounts were steaming to the utmost.
I and it was only a question of which
would stop first. No horse could Hvo
through that terrific pace. Nobody save
Banastar behind them appeared to
threaten, but there were still many
game and tried ones in the chase, and
the backers of Bangle. Algol and Don
!de Oro were beginning to shout the
I names of their favorite. Spencer was
using his daintiest art on the Don. and
though he was running eighth and about
that many lengths behind the leaders
his supporters were not without hope.
The half mile in 49 1-5 seconds, a; I
still three-quarters to. go! Faster than
the speediest sprinters run. in three 7
i quarter dashes they went. The fourth
furlong was covered in VI 2-5 seconds.
George Keene and Filigrane were still
head and head, and Banastar was hold
| ing his own, with Algol straining . very
n< rye to keep at his neck. And ther-i
were others behind still hopeful of im-
I roving their positions.
"The next, eighth must see a change,"
said an old. gray-haired turfite behind
me. "No three-year-old can stand that
strain."
The fifth furlong did witness a change,
but it was Gec.-rge Keene who began to
show the effect of his magnificent ef
fort. Clawson was at him and the
Paget horse was feeling the sting of.
steel In his heaving gides. Flligrane,
the game three-year-old, was nol i"
be denied, and the five-furlong pole
showed his head in front of his rapidly
tiring competitor. The five furlongs
■ run in 1:02, the fifth eighth havin \
been run in :Yi 4-T>. Banastar had ini
proved his position. He had never been
bothered or hampered, running third,
only a length behind the leaders. The
great crowd yelled for him to :-i<> <>n.
Algol, too, had friends, and Don de Oro
and Lankj Bob mad' determined ef
forts to get away from the rear divis
ion.
I'll the backstretch, nearing the Car
turn, Filigrane and George Keene wen
being ridden desperately. When the
three-quarter pole was reached Pili
grano's head showed first and the
watches indicated 1:14 2-5. The sixth
furlong was faster than the fifth, hav
ing been run in :12 2-5.
Filigrane was doing marvelous work,
but th<- four-year-old from the ('lark
stable had all the best of the weights
and appeared to have a lot in hand.
Scarcely had they made the turn when
Banastar caught the colt and George
Keene and swept past them as it' they
were tied. One, twn, three, four, flvt
lengths' advantage Maher gave his
mount before McCue and Clawson real
ize, i how fast Banastar was going away
In in ih.-m. McCue stuck his heels into
the three-year-old and Filigrane an-
Bwered gamely, but George Keene had
shot his bolt and was rapidly losing
ground.
As Tar as Banastar was concerned the
race was over, for, full of run, he fairly
flew for the mile post in 1:39 2-5, having
run the eighth furlong: in 12 2-f, Becohda
and Hi' 1 quartet in ~'< s wds.
When George Keene cracked, Everett
en Lanky Bob and Spencer on Don do
Oro begun their final efforts and both
horses answered with a will. Straight
ened for home, the run in was only a
<iu>sti"!i of place honors, Banastar
having tlv field soundly beaten. Maher
kepi the ''lark horse going, however,
and the mi 1< ■ and a furlong was mail
in 1:52 3-5, the furlong having been run
in 13 seconds.
Behind Banastar the sight was a
thrilling one. Everett drove his spurs
into Lanky Bob's steaming sides and
the son of Lord Hartington answered
gamely. He caught and passed the now
thoroughly tired Filigrane, but could
make no headway on the leader, whom
Maher was simply guiding home.
Don de Oro, too, was struggliiig no
bly. Spencer did not raise his whip nor
us-' his spurs. The Don was doing all
he could, but the distance was too great
to be overcome.
Banastar was taken in hand the last
sixteenth, and Maher brought him
home alone three lengths to the good,
amid piercing shrieks and shrill cries.
Lanky Bob was second, a full length
before the game but tired Filigrane,
and I >< -Ti <).• Oro was fourth, two
lengths away and only a head in front
of Bangle. Then came Algol and Ken
Holladay. the latter never a factor
from the fall of the flag.
The California mare Maxine (for
merly Fleur de Lis), with Doggett up,
was fourth at the start, quickly drop
ping back, and finished twelfth. She
was never prominent in the race. In
the betting Maxine was 40 to 1 straight
and 10 ti; 1 for the place.
The time of the winner, 2:06*4, Is a
new record for the race, the 2:07 of
Dry Monopole having been made in the
first running of the handicap in 18S7.
The time, 2:06*4. might have been a
good bit faster had Maher desired to
make it so. The record of 2:07 has
stood since 1887, when Dry Monopole,
Blue Wing and Hidalgo ran nose and
nose to the most exciting finish ever
witnessed.
The Brooklyn handicap is a stake of
$10,000. of which $8000 poos to the win
ner. The other winners have been:
Tho Rarrl, Exilo, Castaway 11, Tenny,
Judge Morrow, Diablo, Dr. Rice, Horn
pipe, Sir Walter, Howard Mann and
Ornament.
Th<> other Btake on the card was the
Expectation, for two-year-olds, at four
and a half furlongs. His Royal High
ness, though carrying topweisht, was
made •■« favorite at odds-on, but Rikki
Tikki Tavi upset all calculations by
winning by a neck in a drive from Vul
can, who was a head in front of Prince
of Melbourne. Results:
Six furlonps— Armament won. Cormo
rant second. Dr. Parker third. Time, 1:14.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Bannock
won. Kirkwood second, Estaca third
Time, 1:47%.
Expectation stakes, four and a half fur
longs—Rikki Tikki Tavi won, Vulcan
second, Prince of Melbourne third. Time
::,:.!,,.
The Brooklyn handicap, one 'and a
quarter miles— Banastar. 110 ('Mah* i r>. 7
to 1 and 5 to 2. won: Lanky Bob, 105 (Ev
erett), I" to 1 and 10 to 1 second; Fili
grane. as (McCue), 13 to 5 and even, third.
Time, 2:06%. Don de Oro, Bangle, Algol.
Ben Holladay, Warrenton. Thomas Cat,
George Keene, Previous, Maxine. Jeffer
son, Jeannot, Imp anfl Box also ran and
finished as named.
Selling, five furlongs— Silver Garter
won. Manville second, L.ottie Sheville
third. Time, 1:03.
Steeplechase, handicap, two miles—Gov
ernor Budd won. Duero second. Colonel
Bartlett third. Time, 3:56 1 4.
Mark to Return to England.
LONDON. May 27.— Samuel L. Clemens
(Mark Twain) returns to England early
in June. ' He will be dined at the Au
thors' Club on June 12. and will be the
.fiuest of Poultney Blgelow.
AS RICH AS THE
KLDHDSKE FIELD
Cape Nome Creeks Yield
Big Returns.
Special Dispatch to Thn Call.
VICTORIA, ii. C, May 27.—Accord
inging to news received by the steamer
City of Toneka this morning Messrs.
Sloss and Wilson of the Alaska Com
mercial Company, who are en route to
Dawson, received letters while at Skag
uay from representatives of the com
pany both at Dawson City and St.
Michael confirming the news of the
big strikes reported, from the vicinity
of Cape Nome. The St. Michael agent
of the company says the first news of
the strike Mas brought to St. Michael
in December.
' I. ate in that month," says the agent
in his letter to Sloss, "three tawny
looking prospectors came to the settle
ment suddenly and unheralded from
Snake River, the leading waterway of
the new gold fields, which enter
Bering- Sea near < 'ape Nome. They
looked like deadbeats, and when they
ordered big outfits and no small
amount of provisions 1 got leery and
wanted to see the color of their money.
They produced without delay, dropping
a bag of dust on the table which must
have contained some $1200. This, the
trio of miners said, was the product of
a month's work and they wanted their
outfits in a hurry to get back to the
district. Day after day miners con
tinued to reach the settlement with
wonderful tales of lucky finds along
Snake River and its feeders and all had
thf>fst)Ul to back up their stories.
"Itwas not long before the whole
settlement stampeded and I went, too,
together with the North American
Trading and Transportation Company's
men. We got in early and staked some
good properties."
The letters received from Dawson say
that according to advices received by
the agent of the company there the
whole district in the vicinity of Snake
River is richly studded with gold. Cold
is being found on every creek, and even
along the seashore miners are rocking
out dust and nuggets. Great excite
ment prevails all along the lower Yu
kon and crowds are hurrying to the
new-found placers. Preparations are
bring made by the fortunate elaim
owners for development. Rows of sluice
boxes are to be seen and numbers of
men are hauling in provisions.
Quite a town has grown already at
the mouth of Snake River. It is being
laid out in lots and many buildings are
under way.
The stampede has already hampered
the captains of the river steamers. The
crews deserted and joined the stam
pede and the companies cannot get men
at any price.
Prospectors at work in the hills to
the north of Boulder Creek, which runs
into Snake River from the north, are
reported to be taking out from $15 to
$22 to the pan. The agent says Boulder
more than rivals the richest of the
Klondike creeks. The agent says that
a stampede has begun from Dawson
and the camps on the American side
and more will follow shortly. Num
bers are awaiting the opening of the
river to float down in small boats.
DISTRICT PAIR FOR STOCKTON.
Wearied of Waiting for Gage, the Cit-
izens Take Action.
STOCKTON, May 27.— Stockton will
have an old-time fair this year. It was
intended at first to wait until Governor
Gage appointed a now board of agricul
tural district directors and let them put
their shoulders to the wheel, but as the
time is short the business men decided to
take hold oh their own responsibility. An
organization has been effected to lease
the Fair Association property and give
a race meeting: and a pavilion exhibit.
The organization is officered as follows:
George E. Catts. president: W. C. Neu
miller, vice president; J. W. "Willey, sec
retary and treasurer. It will be known
as the Stockton Driving Club.
Business men will be waited upon at
once for pledges and contributions in or
der that the long neglected track may be
put into condition, and the pavilion re
paired. Contributions are coming in most
satisfactorily. It is the intention to of
fer $5000 in purses at the track, and to
bring the best horses on the coast here.
Arrangements will be made to secure the
old fair dates, which are the third week
in September.
Horsemen all over the country will re
member the famous kite-shaped track, on
which many turf records were won. This
track may be put into condition, but it
is more probable that the circular mile
track will be repaired, as it is not in
quite so dilapidated a condition as the
other.
R. T. Brodok, late prop. Baldwin Hotel
barber shop, Is located at 226 Powell. *
SAVE! By THE
SUGAR BEET
Pine Lands of Michigan
Put to Use.
MANY ACRES ARE UTILIZED
BONANZA FOR SMALL FARMERS
ON "CUT-OVER" TRACTS.
Through Proper Encouragement by
the Legislature the State Prom
ises to Soon Lead in Pro
ducing Sugar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LANSING. Mich.. May 27.— The Michi
gan Legislature has at last solved the
problem of how to utilize thousands of j
acres of cut-over pine lands, which con
stitute a large portion of the State. The
cut-over pine lands have long been an
eyesore to the people of Michigan. The
soil is sandy and poorly adapted to agri
culture. Farmers who settled in the cut
over country met with little encourage
ment from the sterile soil and thousands
of acres in the lower and upper peninsu
las are unbroken wastes of tangled un
derbrush and sapling cedars.
Eight years ago the State founded an I
experiment station at Gaylurd in the
low^r peninsula to ascertain what use |
could be made of the waste lands. Thou- j
sands of dollars were spent without re- I
suits, and the station was abandoned.
The solution was accidentally hit upon j
two years ago when the Legislature i
passed a bill allowing a bounty for the
production of beet sugar. Experiments
were made all over the State, and it was
found that in the sandy soil of the pine
belt sugar beets grew large and sweet.
The Legislature appropriated $40,000
bounty fnr the production of beet sugar,
and if more is needed it may be drawn
from other funds of the State. But one
factory whs started after the passage of
the law two years ago. It produced
5.500.000 pounds "i" sugar last year and re
celved $58,000 in bounties from the State. '
So profitable did the experiment prove
that eleven factories, none of which is to
cost less than $50,000, are in process of
construction, and farmers all through the
I pine belt are turning their attention to
!■' .-i raising.
The State will spend at least $2,000,000 in
bounties in the next two years, and in
four years Michigan will be the greatest
sugar producing State in the Union.
Farmers of the upper peninsula have
experimented with beet raising, and sugar
I beets raised in Menominee County average
from 16 to 18 per cent saccharine. The
law allows 1 cent a pound bounty on all
i lei I sugar produced and provides that
factories pay farmers at least $4 a ton
for sugar beets averaging 14 per cent of
saccharine and 50 cents a ton for each
additional per cent of saccharine. This
' insures the farmer $1 a ton profit, with a
chance for more, and as the lands yield
sixteen tons to the acre the beet industry
will prove a bonanza to the farmer.
The State will get its money back in
time in taxes. The waste lands in Meno
minee Count y, which formerly sold for
taxes have been bought recently In blocks
of 2000 and 4000 acres, and the growth of
the industry will mean a great advance
in the value of Michigan farm lands. .
Duty on Sugar Stands
MADRID. May 27.— Scnor Silvela, the
Premier, in the course of an interview
to-day denied that the Government in
tended to alter th. duty on sugar.
AD V EBTISEIttEUTS.
■ VJ "him
FT 1 One
•Ilili iijfi -- -
1/ 1 Profit
& fs\\ '/fill ' s a " *^ at ' s ma(^ e on our cloth-
s'- \l / '/I /mm in »' because we make the cloth-
S \\ / y^V^S^^P ing ourselves.
| . .?|j H'li; : " y ; ; I|pl We buy the material direct
I ■'■*> ■■■• -.-A ' "^ /$ .1 ' -'i | from the mills — clothes are made
8 i:^; 1^.;^;; f ' . " "'ivy right in our own workshop — are
I ,'e:': >..:?■ -=•[■"' : fCfi§ sold at a fair and honest profit,
I f^iiwll J'tf I ■ ' \%jtffl which, of course, we are en-
■ ;■-■ X) „ i|l| titied to -
y ||1 111 || I 111 And if you buy your clothes
IM'' / , ! I• . '.'k here you are going to save
; I »§' *,i>y->ii^ !" ! iHli' money — you are going to pay
Vim i i iiiwiiiiMw »■ firiMiniJ less than if you bought from a
store whose clothing must pass through different hands.
Another reason for making our clothing ourselves is :
We then know how it's made — what kind of material is
used. Being absolutely in touch with it from start to finish,
we can guarantee it.
We are responsible for every stitch in our clothing, for
we give you a protective guarantee that assures you of
positive values:
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Take one of our all-wool ready-made suits for
$ 8
They are carefully and properly made, even if the
p-ice is low. By properly made we mean that there is
eight dollars' worth in every suit, and if you are not hard
on your clothes you will get ten or twelve. dollars' worth.
Our protective guarantee is given with these suits.
Boys' Sailor Suits for vacation wear $1.20.
IfIS.N.WQOD 6 CO H|
718 Market St. .\^g^
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
■ ■ ■'. ■■-■■■■■-■■..■■ -- ' ■ - ..'■ . .•.-=.._•■■■■
FEARFUL CYCLONE
SWEEPS NEBRASKA
Most Disastrous Storm
in Ten Years.
MUCH PROPERTY DESTROYED
PEOPLE SEEK SAFETY IN THEIR
One Farmer, With His Wife and Son,
Finds a Place of Refuge Under
a Furrow in a Plowed
Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, May 27.— The most dlsa*»
trous cyclone that has visited Nebraska
since the Bradshaw storm, ten years
years ago, circulated between Minden
and Kenesaw shortly after 8 o'clock
last night and destroyed everything in
its path. There was no loss of life, as
the people saw the danger in time ;^r.d
saved themselves by crawling into cy
clone cellars or by hugging the furrows
in the plowed ground.
The first damage done was at the
farm of John V. Tennant, one mile due
north of Minden. Mr. Tennant, wife
and son saw it coming and ran to the
plowed field, where they buried them
selves in a furrow, tv— - had ■ 1 - ncr
dropped to the ground than the cyclone
struck their home. Their two-story
house was wrecked and the corn shed
and barn were crushed as if they had
been made of paper.
At the farm of Joseph Rayer, a mile
east, every building was demolished
and all the stock kill<£l. Rayer, his
wife and an infant child took refuge In
a cyclone cellar and escaped with a. few
bruises.
Half a mile from Hartwell the cy
clone struck Peter Billisbach's farm
and swept everything before it. The
family of four were all injured, but
none seriously.
Between Hartwell and Kenesaw John
Mosher'a barn and sheds were de
stroyed and stock '-Hied. The town of
Hartwell was also hit and several
buildings wrecked. Between Hartwell
and Kenesaw the country was inun
dated by a cloudburst, the water rising
five feet along the railroad grade. At
7 o'clock this morning hailstones were
found in the streets of Xenesaw that
measured over four inches in circum
ference.
The path of the cyclone was about
one hundred feet wide and twenty
miles long, but varied in places. Every
thing demolished by the storm is a
total loss, as none of the farmers were
carrying tornado or cyclone insurance.
Killed by a Falling- Rock
REDLANDS, May 1.7.— Kd Hanson, a la
borer on the new works of the Redlands
Electric Light and Power Company in
Mil! Creek Canyon, was instantly killed
ihis afternoon. He was going up tha
trail with othrrs near the quarry when a
blast throw a small rock into the trail.
This struck a larger rock and rebounded.
striking him upon the head. Others oC
the party were slightly injured by falling
rrwks
34
USE THEIR VAULTS
FOR CEMETERIES
Los {Ingeles Undertakers K^ep
Bodies iQ Their Possession
for Years.
LOS ANGEItES, May 27.— An innocent-appearing item has revealed <
the fact thai L lertakers, in defiance of the law, have kept \
for an indefinite time. When Mrs. J. T. j
Phillips arrived in San Francisco from Honolulu on the last steamer she &
learned that her husband had died several months ago in Los Angeles <
and that his body was being kept until she. could be communicated with <
ling its linal disposition. _ _ S
ly of Phillips revealed an unsatisfactory condition ]
r>f affairs. The record? at the health office failed to disclose any entry
he death of Phillips, and as the body could not have been c
buried unless a tifical ere obtained it was evident it was still in <
undertaking firm, if the man had died in the i
city. S
Ail of th undertakers were communicated with, but none had j
the bod J in charge. Some of them had from one to three •
in their vaults, and had kept them for periods ranging from one \
to three months. The body «* Phillips was not among the number and ?
no trace of it could be found. •
In th.- course of the investigation some peculiar facts were brought %
out The undertakers them '<•• r were reticent concerning the bodies in \
th«ir ■ tted corpses were kept indefinitely before they »
r by burial or by sending to friends.
It was said one firm had for years kept three bodies In its vaults. *
One was that of an infant, another that of a man and the third that of c
a woman. In the case of the woman her husband was a miner in a
: field. While ' not be heard from for months at a time he i
always paid for the keeping of the corpse. <
In the case of the infant, it was said the parents were prominent *
people who ha<'. .in: over the State a great deal and did not I
wish to bury the body until they finally decided at what place they would \
make their permanent home. i
Th<> bodies were transferred, along with the paraphernalia of the i
n'.ace on each change ■ f ; » n( i tnis practice had been continued for *
years. •
NEGOTIATIONS
IBT YET ENDED
Canada's Came Merely
Checks Progress.
Special Dlepatch I
NEW YORK. May 2T.-The Washing- \
ton - tent of the Herald tele
graphs: Despite reports to the con
trary it may be stated on authority
that the negotiatioaa between the
treat Britain on the j
Alaskan boundary question have not'
been broken off. The two -overnments
are endeavoring to find a plan of
solution satisfactory to both and
to I'anada. This Government has
■:■■. its attitude in
sltion to the proposition of arbi
tration advanced by Great Britain, as
re-enforced by Canadian suggestions.
Th^ United Slates is favorable to ar
bitration as a principle, but it objects
.:ing in arbitration territory which
is entirely American, and this is>what
Canada is anxious for this Government
the lines of her
■stion. it was evident to the au
• iiat Bhe desired to draw into
controversy the Beacoast in th>- vicinity
of Skaguay, and a decision In her favor
would give her a port on the Pacific
i, which she is so anxious to ob
taln. While the authorities would like
to oblige Great Britain in every p-s.-i
--ble way. in view of her friendship for
th.^ United States displayed '.urir.c the
war with Spain, they hay'- no Intention
-. f taking any action which may be
prejudicial to American interests. The
surrender of a port on the Pacific- Slope
would be greatly injurious to tho com
merce of the Pacific Slope and also to
the rest of the- country, and for this
n arbitration will not be accepted
until it is agreed that the coast line
t Involved in arbitration. Canada
has raised an objection to such a set
t the dispute because it fails
t<-> jrjve her a chance of securing the
port Bhe Beeves. It is hoped by the au
thorities, however, that a plan will
finally be hit upon which will result in
a settlement of th^ matter, but it can
ho stated authoritatively that whatever
:n adopted. Canada will not obtain
the port she desires.
NEGOTIATIONS CHECKED
BY CANADA'S GAME
WASHINGTON, May 27.— T0 clear up
misunderstandings whirh appear to ex
ist both in London and to some d
in this country as to the exact status
of th^ negotiations between the United
S ditea and < treat Britain respecting
< Han-American issues, the follow
'i^nts of the events that led
l thf present conditions were se
i from the best authority. When
the commission adjourned some months
a?'\ it was because it had reached an
arently insurmountable obstacle in
'V shape of the Alaskan boundary
>;ucstion.
After the adjournment the two gov
•rnm< I up this particular qu< b
'Jon with a view to settling it and thus
removing it from th>- path <>f the many
oth'-r important spsu'-s Involved. There
were numerous delays owing to the
many exchanges of views between
London, Wa-hi:, L r in:i ;; r.i Ottawa and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
if TRADEMARK \l
lIAINI IAIN I
The FINEST GIN
. : • Imported.
specially Adapted for Family Use -.
And Medicinal Purposes.
IN LARGE SQUARE WHITE BOTTLES.
Annexed Trade Mark Appears on
Cap and is Blown in on Shoulder.
gold by Grocers and Dealers.
Beware of ' Fllle<l-Ur. ' Bottles.
CHARLES 'MEINECKE & CO..
Lola Agenu, . 814 Sacramento Street. S. F.
the authorities here became convinced
that an adjustment was hopeless. But
the feeling in London was more hope
ful, and when Sir Julian Pauncefote
reached London on his way to The
Hague, he held conferences with Lord
Salisbury which resulted in a del
proposal for settling the boundary issue
and removing it as an Obstacle of the
commission. The main point of this
proposal was that a separate tribunal
of arbitration should pass on the
boundary question. It was communi
cated to Embassador Choate and by
him to the State Department.
When the plan was received th>*
President was absent at Hot Springs.
Va., and it was felt desirable to await
his return before giving a final answer.
There was little or no doubt that tlv
answer would have beenfavorabie. Just
as the acceptance was about to be giv
en, the officials here were surprised to
have presented what they regard* i as
an extraordinary condition which Can
ada imposed in connection with the
submission of th* question of arbitra
tion. This condition was that Canada
shmld have Pyramid harbor and a
strip of territory on the Lynn Canal,
without reference* to the general con
clusions reached by the tribunal of ar
bitration. This port and strip of terri
tory on the coast would have carried
also the back country leading to the in
terior.
This condition, coming after the ar
bitration plan had been formally pro
posed and was about to be accepted,
caused not only surprise but some in
dignation among the officials here. It
was decided not to accept this condition
and a peremptory refusal was given to
the proposition. Thus the matter
stands. There is every reason \" be
lieve that there will be no yielding of
the officials here to Canada's condition.
If it is withdrawn the arbitration may
■ 1 as a means of s<-tt'iin2
the boundary. The opinion in the high
■iuarters seems to he positive that
without some adjustment of the bound
ary matter the resumption of the work
of the joint commission on the many
other topics considered is entirely im
probable. *
NEW BIDS FOR THE
POSTOFFICE MASONRY WORK
Contractors Make Lower Estimates, (
and Granite Will Probably Be i
Used on the Structure.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— The Treasury j
1 lepartment to-day r- pened 1 Ids for ma-
Bonry work on the San Francisco Post-'
nm>e. There w< re ten bidders at the last
opening:, when the department rejected all
• of them on account of the high pri'-<-s.
: To-day there were nine. Of the ten bfd
>'■■> ra at the last opening, F. E. Know!
Oakland, Richardson & Gale of San Frnn
j Cisco, City Improvement Company of San
| Francisco and John Pierre of New Y'.rk
; City failed to make proposals to-day. The t
| following are to-day's bidders:
California Bridge and Construction
Company, Oakland— Granite, $708,745: mar- '
I ble, $809,432; time of completion, twenty j
I months.
Norcross Bros.. Worcester, Mas« — Gran
ite, S<v r i3,000; marble, $853,000; time, twenty
months.
; Thomas Butler, San Francisco— Granite, :
$795,000; marble, £50,000; time, thirty
; months.
| Geddis & Seerie Stone Company, Denver
1 —Granite, $7&9,'* Xi; marble, l&S'i.ooO; time, >
• two rears.
T.< ntley Construction Company, Port
land, Or.— One bid for granite, $779,000;
time, twenty months.
, Davidson Bros.. Chicago— Four bids, all
differeni grades of granite: First, ?~
second, $795,u00; third, $810,000; fourth, $^5,
--000.
Raymond Granite Company, San Fran
cisco—Granite, $807,600; marble. $990,000.
California Construction Company, San
i Francisco— Rocklin granite. $773,800 : Kay- .
mond granite, $812,364; marble, $870,000. ;
Time, twenty months.
William H. Ellis, Washington, D. C, '
four bids, iis follows: First bid. granite
$745,000, marble $70,.*«); second bid. $768,500 ;
marble granite, ?MH>iv marble; third bid,
$799,000, granite $768,500; fourth bid, $799,000
granii ■ marble. This linn at the ;
last opening submitted its proposal from
Cincinnati and was the lowest.
B tpervlsing Architect Taylor said to The
Call correspondent to-day that the bids '
were very much lower than at the last '
opening, and he thought there was no i
doubt of the acceptance of one "of them. I
It is believed that the contract will be
awarded to the Ellis Company. Mr. Tay
lor is of the opinion that the San Fran
o Postoffice will be built of granite.
VALLEJO GETS DECISION.
May Build a Wharf at the Foot of
Virginia Street.
YALLEJO. May 'Sl.— An important d^ci- \
sion was rendered to-day by Judge j
Uuckles in the case of the Vallejo Ferry
1 Company vs. The City of Vailejo. It was
a suit to enjoin the dty from building a
I wharf from >.'■. foot of Virginia street
: into the bay, on the ground that, if con
| Btructed, it would materially interfere
J with reasonable and proper use of the
■ franchise and ferry of the plaintiff.
Virginia and Georgia streets are parallel
streets in the city of Vallejo, they are
only one block apart and extend to deep
water in the navigable waters between
Mafe Island and Vallejo. The plaintiff
i owns the ferry franchise purchased from
j the city of vallejo, which includes the
ferry .stf-amer landing at the foot of
Georgia street and running to arid from
Mare Island. Virginia street is north of
Georgia street. The city of Vallejo pro
s to erect a wharf at the foot of Vir
ginia street. No work of any kind haa
I been done on the proposed wharf.
Judge Buckles decided that the city
could build the wharf, with a few slight
modifications of the plans. There la re
joicing among the workmen on Mare Isl
lund because of the decision. The case
i has been in the courts more than a ye&t
j It may be appealed by the ferry company.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 28, 1899.
ENGLAND'S COAL
SUPPLY SHORT
Fifty Years Will Ex-
haust It.
bpeclal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, im, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, May 27.— 1f Great Britain
had not America to look to in the fu
ture, within even the next half cen
tury this country might be in a pretty
pickle. J. li. Langdon, president of the
Institute of Mining .Engineers, has
been reviving the old alarming story
that the country is being worked out of
minerals, l>ut his story is mure alarm
ing than any that has appeared yet,
for people living in the present day
may see the time when they will have
no coal to burn. England without coal
would certainly be in a sad strait, but
Mr. Langdon produces sure enough tes
timony that the annual output of coal
has increased during the last Quarter
century from 120,00u,000 to 200,0u0,uu0
tons.
The cry of those who do not know
what they are talking about is '"go
deeper" but when we have reached
what is known as millstone grit, the
bottom has been reached and many col
lieries are in that state now.
At the present time it costs this coun
try from 35 to 45 shillings to produce
good pigiron, while in the United States
it can be made for 35 shillings. Some
twenty-five years ago Britain supplied
50 per cent of the world's coal, but now
supplies only 30; whereas at the same
time- the United States has increased
its supply to the world from 15 to 30
per cent. One thing certain, in the ex
opinion of Mr. Langdon, is that
in fifty years England will be dependent
on the United States for coal, iron and
.. and when that comes abuut
England will need an alliance with
America for coaling her navy, unless
some violent change takes place in our
motive power.
GAGE AT HIGHLANDS ASYLUM.
LOS ANGELES, May 17.— Governor
Henry T. Gage will appoint a sue-
Pn sident Adina Mitchell of
the Whittier School trustees. He also
will reappoint Dr. Walter Lindley a
member of the board, for fear that the
doctor's previous appointment by Gover-
Hudd may not have been legal, be
cause it was not confirmed by the Sen
ate.
The Governor went to Highlands Asy
lum to-day, where the board of directors
of that institution met this afternoon.
The- Governor was ace impani< d by Dr. F.
W. Hate::. General Superintendent of
Hospitals. There has been more or
speculation Bince yesterday as to
whether the State S^nHte could be con
: in extra session for the purpose of
ng upon the Governor's appoint
•-. The consensus of opinion among
lawyers is that the upper nou
meet unless the Governor should call a
session of the Legislature as a whole.
ild such a session be deemed ■ ■
sary there would have to be a daily bal
■ ir United States Senator. In that
eveni ; '. M. Burns undoubtedly
would be again a candidate until dis
placed by a Republican caucus. That is
pinion of Internal Revenue i'oi-
John C. Lynch, now here, who is
one of Colonel Burns' closest friends.
Walters Will Not Lose a Leg.
SUISUN. May 27.-Dr. Downing:, who is
attending Jesse Walters, to-day -stated he
thought it would not be necessary to am
putate the patient's leg. This statement
fined to , have cheered .Walters, -who in
reply to' a question stated that he hoped
to be in condition to appear at the trial
on June 26. Since the last operation Wal
ters' condition has greatly improved.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE— S&fri:
/mm cures A,
ma I Pain in Side or Back, xwh
tig i Emaciation or Pallor, \«i
fj/ General Weakness, . \Wi
jEfei^B I € f\ t" rI \f £S> f*% £!% C" O I EEVyt
t.s\ Headaches or Giddiness, |H
Kail Painful Menstruation, /fiJ
wl\ Irregular Menstruation, \m&
«\ Bearing-Down Pains. Mm
UUUiiiiiii Jmr
LETTERS CONTINUE TO FOUR IN, TELLING OF THE
\U WONDERFUL RESULTS OF HUDYAN.
i -■ THAT HUDYAN IS THE LEADING REMEDIAL AGENT OF TO-DAY IS PROVEN BY THE FACT THAT EVERY MAIL
i BRINGS MANY LETTERS TELLING OF ITS GOOD WORK. MEN AND WOMEN IN ALL SECTIONS OF THE COUNTRY ARE
. BEING CURED BY HUDYAN. \
HUDYAN IS NOT MERELY A PALLIATIVE OF DISEASE. BUT IT GOES TO THE ROOT OF THE EVIL; IT REMOVES
1 THE CAUSE; IT CURES PERMANENTLY. NO MEDICINE EVER POSSESSED STRONGER CLAIMS UPON THE RESPECT
I AND GRATITUDE OF THE PEOPLE THAN DOES HUDYAN.
lv" WOMEN IN ALL STAGES OF DECLINE AS A RESULT OF WEAKNESSES NATURAL TO THEIR SEX HAVE BEEN
i CURED BY HUDYAN. HUDYAN GIVES RENEWED LIFE AND ENERGY; IT RELIEVES THOSE PAINS TO WHICH WO-
. MEN ARE SUBJECT; IT STRENGTHENS THE CIRCULATION AND GIVES A GLOW OF HEALTH TO ALL PALE AND SAL-
-1 LOW COMPLEXIONS.
[ PROVIDENCE. R. I. TACOMA. Wash. JEFFERSON CITY. M
; Dear Doctors: Hudyan saved my life. I Dear Doctors: I am feeling fine, for Dear Doctors: You will remember that
I am sure. I was weak, pale and hagcard. H«d n did the work. M y troupe was of l Etnt for Blx boxes of Hudyjin. At the
) Suffered great pain in back and over abdo- «ud\an did the work. My trouble was or t , me j wag y ,„ frQm nerv d , s l "
. men. and at such time* would have a dis- a nervous nature, and I treated with sev- which was complicated with female weakl
agreeable discharge. I was also very nerv- eral doctors who could do me no good. The ■ ness. lam now entirely well, thanks to 1
' ous. first box of Hudyan made a perceptible your splendid remedy. I would say to all-
I Six boxes of Hudyan cured me perfectly.. change for the better, and within five weak and suffering women, "take Hud
( I feel better now than at any time In my weeks' time 1 was a well man. I feel yan." I know from my own experience
l life. lam clad that I took Hudyan. splendid, and cheerfully recommend Hud- that it is a splendid remedy
MRS. MARY DONOVAN. I yan. WM. SHOBER.. I MRS. F. L. MURRAY.
. HUDYAN CURES ALL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD AND NERVES. NERVOUSNESS. WEAKNESS. EXHAUSTED \prvf
VITALITY. RHEUMATISM. SCIATICA. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, PARALYSIS; SLEEPLESSNESS. HEADACHE. DESPONDENCY
I MENTAL DEPRESSION. HYSTERIA. NEURALGIA. PAINS IN THE SIDE AND BACK, EPILEPTIC FITS. PALPITATION OP
> HEART. NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA. INDIGESTION. MENTAL WORRY. EARLY DECAY. CONSTIPATION. ALL FEMALE WEAJT
» NESSES. PALE AND SALLOW COMPLEXIONS. > " hAK -
.ft: HUDYAN IS FOR SALE BY DRUGGISTS; 50c A* PACKAGE OR SIX PACKAGES FOR {2 50. v.\. '
J IF YOUR DRUGGIST DOES NOT KEEP HUDYAN, SEND DIRECT TO THE HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. COR STOCKTOv
' ELLIS AND MARKET STS. SAN FRANCISCO. <M. »^KTON,
> YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE. FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
BERNHARDT WAS
HIS BENEFACTOR
Why Mendes Cham
pions the Actress.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. ,
PARIS, May 27.— At the bottom of
their hearts probably neither M. Cat
ralle Mendes nor M. Georges Vanor
cares a rap whether the real Hamlet
was as slim as lime. Sarah Bernhardt
or as fat as Flagstaff. M. Mendes is
keenly susceptible where Mme. Bern
hardt is concerned. It is a rather re
markable thing in this egotistical age,
for his sensitiveness is due to grati
tude. He looks upon the actress as his
savior and as the woman who pre
vented him from living, and dying a
literary machine. I -once heard him
tell the story, and tears came into his
eyes as old memories were revived,
Pew people know that Mendez for over
five years wrote semi-scientific ' and
general literary articles daily for the
Petit Parisien. He had previously gone
through a period of intense poverty, bo
that even slavery seemed better than
starvation. But it was dreary work.
During his starvation days he had
written his superb play, "Meres En
nemie.s," and had sent it to every thea
ter iranager in Paris, always receiving
it back a little more tattered and dir
tier each time. .■-.■'-/
"I was rapidly becoming stupefied, "
said Mendes on the day he related the
story to me.
"1 went to my office in the morning,
wrote until noon, lunched and then be
gan again, spacing out the lines au
tomatically until evening. I had no
ambition, no dreams, no hope. Every
time any theater changed hands 1 got
my 'Meres Ennemies' and sent it in
anew to the director, not with the idea
that it would be accepted, but as a
mere matter of habit.
"One day Bernhardt took the Ambigu
Theater. I happened to be bored, just
at the moment, by a. sort of hanger
on, who, under the excuse of running
errands for me now and again got a
few francs a week out of me. More to
be rid if him than anything else I sent
him off to Sarah's with the eternal
'Meres Ennemies.' A few days later I
was stunned to receive a note from her,
telling me she was about to produce my
play."
Everybody familiar with the theatri
cal history of Paris knows how she
kept her promise, for M. Mendes' play
was a success never equaled until
"Cyrano." It consecrated him as a mas
ter, and the writer has never forgotten
that it was Sarah who brought his ser
vitude to an end. That is why he took
bo much to heart M. Vanox's remarks
that Sarah was but a slender repre
sentative of the fat, scant of breath
Hamlet.
Fortunately, the wound which M.
Mendes received in the duel provoked
by his rather outspoken disapproval of
ML. Vanox's comments is less serious
than thought at first, and probably
within a very short lime he will be at
work again upon a book reviewing the
poetry of the nineteenth century, which
he is commissioned to write by the Min
ister of Beaux Arts for the ex
position. M. Mendes' poetical equip
ment is prodigious. He knows how to
express his thoughts clearly, convinc
ing and eloquently. It is said, in fact,
that some opinions in this official report
are so clearly expressed that there is
likely to be a vast amount of 'heated
discussion when It is published. Prob
ably some more duels are jn the per
j spective. - •
KILLED IN SIGHT
OF HER HUSBAND
A Stockton Woman's
Awful Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. May 27.— Mrs. Laura Rey
nolds was mangled to death under the
wheels of. a freight train to-night in plain
view of her husband. The Reynoldses. a
popular young married couple, boarded
the 10 o'clock eastbound Main-street car j
for home. The tracks of the electric car |
line and those of the Southern Pacific
cross at Sacramento street. When the
car reached the crossing extra freight
1624 was making up, several cars being
to the south of the street, while on the
north the engine was backing several
cats down for the purpose of making a ,
coupling. Brakeman Brown says he
called to Conductor Morrell to wait, but j
the car was then almost between the '
sections of the train, and in desperation
Motorman Norris turned on the full cur- j
rent and shot the car ahead.
The Reynoldses were sitting on the plat- \
form seat facing the approaching cars.
Either fearing the car would not clear the j
track, or not wanting to take the -isk,
both jumped. Mr. Reynolds alighted clear
of the crossing, but his wife lost her bal- •
ance and rolled directly in front of the!
moving cars, now a few feet away. Be- j
fore the husband could act the wheels <
were crushing the life out of his wife, j
She gave one scream and the wheels were
upon her. i
The train was stopped and the mangled j
form extricated and carried to the depot
lawn. The unfortunate woman still !
breathed, but before the ambulance ar
rived death relieved her.
Nearly every bone in her body was
broken and the limbs horribly crushed,,
but the face was unscathed. The body j
was taken to the morgue, while the halt- I
crazed husband was cared for by his
friends.
The couple had been downtown doing i
their Saturday evening shopping, and ;
were within two blocks of home when
death came suddenly upon the young
Wife. William Reynolds, who is a son of ;
O H. Reynolds, the liveryman, is an em
ploye of \Volls-Fargo. Mrs. Reynolds was
Miis Laura Duffy, a young lady reared
in this city.
TWO FRENCH GIRLS
ENGAGE IN A DUEL
■ Cable to Thp Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS3S, by James Gor- I
don 1 lennett.
PARIS, May 27.— Dueling is from time ;
to time indulged in by women, but it is
then a formidable and somewhat barbar- !
ous affair instead of the courteous ex- !
change of bullms without result in disa
blement by a scratch of one of the com
batants, that ii is wh<>n all save that)
irascible genus— potts— resort to it.
Two young women, Jeanne Leroy and
Juliette Volant, the first 16 and the other
ira oi age, have had several quar- :
r»-ls lately and finally decided to Bettle
! who was in the right by appealing to ;i :
trial by combat. The meeting-place was
vacant plat of ground in Rue
d'Alesia, over In the Montsouria quartier,
rather conveniently near t<) the mad
house. All approaches to the ground
j were guarded by friends, obligingly zeal- :
OUS to prevent interruption.
The duelists took off their corsets— no
Belf-respecting woman would fight a duel
with her corsets on— then, armed with
knives of the most business-like length.
they got down to work. Both appeared
i to have had a healthy contempt for sci
enc< . and the absorbing desire of each I
I one appears to have been to jab her
j knife deep into the other. Both succeed- '
, cd. which is a tribute to woman's capa
bility of shining in any branch of civil
ized "life.
The police, it is true, Interfered, but the
: two combatants looked like chessboards
with patches of sticking-plaster when the
doctor? at the Broussais Hospital had '
i finished with them.
~~ ~~ ADV^RTiSEMEJSrTS^
IMMENSE SALE
..,.0F....
FINE BLACK AND COLORED
Dress Goods
PRICES LESS THAN ONE-HALF.
f rr;
purchasers at our own price, and thereby secured the most gigantic .
bargain purchase we ever consummated. \
Note the Following Extraordinary Offer :
, , -n-r>r>i ' .-i.L-vrH GRANITE SUITINGS, extra good quality, in <:■ ■. \ H
of 80-INCH ALL-WOOL r XXV M .' R Purple, Olive and Black; every yard ,eU v, rS
of Navy. Green, Heliotrope, uarnei, i uu"^.
ii 25. Your choice for to-morrow
tf Vf Yard.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY OF THESE GOODS.
THE GREATEST SILK WAIST BARGAIN OF THE YEAR 1
The most phenomenal SILK WAIST values we have offered this year will be placed !
on ™* "-morrow Monday. We regret that the quantity is limited to IST. It consist*
of a manufacturer' s sample line, this season's latest styles (no two alike), made <>i the
rhotcSta^nd handsomest Colored and Black Silks ever shown and regularly sold from
I?. *7 50, 110 1 to 120 each.' To sell them quickly we will cut the QJ^^ HALF
price to (DO NOT FAIL TO SEXTJRB ONE OF THEM.)
(DO NOT FAIL TO SECURE ONE OF THEM.)
EXTRAORDINARY PRICE EVENT 1
IN
....WASH G00D5,... i
4000 yards CORDED DIMITIES, this season's latest style, in dainty colorings of
Pink Lleht Blue Heliotrope. Navy and Green, in stripes and small figured effects; the
best 'bargain In WaEh Goods this season. Your choice at
VJ4 yard.
RIBBONS LOW PRICED, READY-MADE GARMENTS ESS
colorings; regular price 20c. Spe- 1Q i atest cvt _ Sp » cial at ...Each 9t)C
c i a ] at lard ■^—4*'
1500 pieces No. 60, 4 inches wide. Moire' White Pique Dress Skirts, made in
Taffeta Ribbon, all silk new color- latest ,tyle, good quality Pique Cl-25
intfs; regular price 30c. Spe- Qf) C j l nee •; Each.fl>l
C lai at Yard ■
CHILDREN'S HOSE. Re " 1 . . Sale of Embroidery.
cSirr.'-KSpS^l.^cgr^Ki Ed £ £ s and Insertions,
Children's Imported Tan ( otton R; a a
Hose, double heels and toes, made of su- Over Z>'m Remnants In Embroidery Ede-
perior quality Maco yarn, sizes o tn 9; ings and Insertions, from i>> to 2 "inches
regular 25c quality. To close inT/-» wide, in very rhoire desiprnsr will be <=old
at Pair lUv I at one-third less than regular value.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
-LORD ROSEBERT
TALKS OF WEALTH
Small Advantages of the
Millionaires.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, May 27.— Interesting speeches
•were delivered this wf-ek by Lord Rose
bery, John Morley and Sir Michael Tlicks-
Beach, Chancellor of the Exchequer. The
first named, after a whimsical suggestion
that the speakers of the two parties
should change about for a time, the Con
servatives addressing Liberals and the
Liberals addressing Conservatives, thus
enabling the public to hear both sides,
spoke on the "exaggerated advantage of
wealth." pointing out that even million
aires could not eat more than one dinner
a day, wear one suit of clothes or ride one
horse at the same time. He added that
the only superiority that they possessed
over the poor was being able to command
the best medical advice and change of
climate, pointing out. however, thai
pitals for the poor had lessened even this
supposition.
These utterances brought forth a crop
of sarcastic comments on the. line of pity
for the poor millionaires.
The Daily Mail say?: "The speech leaves
only one course open to a man holding
those convictions— to sell all he ha
give to the poor. But Lord Rosebery. we
are confident, will never adopt such a
harsh measure. He has too much feeling
for the poor."
The Saturday Review speaks straight
out, saying: "From Lord Rosebery'a upa
this kind of moralizing is downright, un
adulterated cant."
Mr. Morley, criticizing Lord Roppbery'a
position in the party, made a happy epi
gram, dubbing his Lordship a 'dark'horse
in a loose box,' which is regarded .
ing a peculiarly appropriate description
of Lord Rosebery's present position
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach says he finds
in office "weariness of political life." and
speaking at Bristol, he expressed prefer
ence for a "live opposition." making the
novel suggestion that it" the opp<
does not win the next general election
the Conservatives "ought to play their
second term."
George W. Smalley. New V,>rk corre
spondent of the London Times, is the
author of a letter this week upon the In
iquity of the New York Custom-house of
tieials. and the papers here comment hu
morously on the subject.
The Speaker says: "It seems that there
! is no remedy fur the distress of the trav
eler but a gratuity which. Collector Bid
well says, is not a bribe. If he can form
a trust with unlimited funds upon which
the custom officials can be Quartered aa
pensioners, as all possible and an im
possible veterans of the Civi! War are
; quartered on the national purse, then la
j dies may be treated by the officials "( ihe
; republic with almost as much dignity aa
if held for ransom by brigands."
ABOUT TWENTY MILLION
PEASANTS ARE STARVING
I Members of the Bussian Aristocracy-
Late in Bealizing the Extent
of the Famine.
LONDON, May 27.— Particulars received
regarding the famine in Russia confirm
the previous harrowing accounts. The
members of the Russian aristocracy seem
to have at last awakened to a full sense
of the gravity of the situation and money
is beginning to How In on all sides for the
, relief of the starving moujiks. Vnfor
. tunately charity is almost too late. The
censor at rlrsi prevented the truth from
1 being published by the Russian press.
' Now that the facts are allowed to appear
i the famine specter is stalking through the
, land. Some authorities estimate that as
, many as twenty million peasants arc
starving. The Rev. Mr. Francis, pastor of
1 the British-American church at St. r>
-1 tersburg. who did much to secure Brutsh
and American aid during' the l a <=t hmin-,
the British r>uhlic to-flav™ 1 ?^
says aev«n provlj i er», covertac
■i m.i Fv ■
§ the fond durins the next thrpp
•■■ tin icyuirvQ. - . *
The man who itches for a thing may
get it by lively scratching.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
FREUD'S >
CORSET HOUSE
Retiring from
Business!
PRICESCUTBELOWCOST
On all the Leading and
Well-Known Brands of
CORSETS
An early call advised,
for at the prices marked
sizes will soon be broken
M. FREUD & SON
742 and 744 Market St.
AND
10 Grant Avenue.
Eye-Glass Wisdom.
Trade is impartial; loves nobody, hat?? j£»
body— goes where it gets best service. Thar"!
the reason we fill so many oculists' prescrip-
tions and have such a large popular trade fo~
our perfect spectacles and eyeglasses. Beside*.
our new clip doesn't slip, tilt or pinch {tot
50 cents. No extra charee on a new pair.
Oculists' prescriptions filled Factory on prem-
ises—Phone Main* 10. Quick repairing.
oP ™ A " s^>tZ?Ti
642 Market St. instrument?
FASCINATING |§il
COMPLEXIONS^^
That soft, smooth. rose-tlnte<3 i^qfiu £?
complexion so much desired can \«^^»^^
be obtained by the use of WOODBURY'S Far)«|
Eoap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel.
©uh power for brt<rhtenln>r the color, jcivir.*
new life and tone to the skin; beautifying an*)
preserving the complexion.
DDTTOLII7C F OR BARBERS. BAK-
DnLjullijU''^ bootblacks, bath-
wuu i»y*.A-Mfc* houses, billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmtlls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanjters, printers, painters, shoe factories,
nableroen. nr-.-'- tannTS. tailor*, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St
I W3 wa *N ■ "B J*^^^^9w^i X I km EH B liiQ v M 4*^3THE EMPORIUM.
STORE CLOSED "MEMORIAL D AY," TUESDAY, MAY 30.
Clothing,
Furnishings.
The $9.45 Overstock Sale con-
tinues and Boys' Vacation Cloth-
ing is ready at prices almost in-
credibly low-
Men's $15, $16.50
and $17.50 Suits for
$9*45 — splendid styles, single
or double breasted sacks, all-
wool materials, perfect fitting.
For the coming, week we will by
addition of about 100 more make
the assortment of suits offered in
this great unloading sale of
ours at $9.45 greater and better
than ever.
No one sells you goods with a stion^er
or better guarantee. These suits are
.exactly as we represent them. Purchase
one, and if it does, not -wear and hold its
appearance with the best $/ 5 suit you can
buy. let us n:::k: the loss, not voii
Boys' Long Pants Suits at
$7msO— three Bright, new lines ad ed
/—^\ to the assortment at
4j^^ this price — all-wool
ssCsi goods and next fill
kSJ\~Z( patterns — sizes 13
/%/jgj?^P^> to 19 yea
( <*pv I\\ Boys' Sailor
\J f^4 Suits — $2. 50.
\ — 'A >A $3.00, $3. so
\ c j&i and $5.00
K3c \£ZJ an immense line of
; these popular suits
ffor boys 4 tj 10
years in blues and
fancy colors, blouses
extra long, prettily
trimmed. Prices as
pleasing as the
styles.
Roosevelt
Rough Rider
Suits, $1.45—
Rough Rider Suits
like picture, for rough timss during va-
cation — made of genuine Khaki cloth —
serviceable and strong juit the thing
for the little fellow's outing — sizes 4 to
10 years. Price, $I.4s— either Infantry,
Cavalry or Artillery trimmings — an ex-
act counterpart of the uniform worn by
Roosevelt's Rough Riders.
Men's Hosiery at Popu-
lar Prices — convincing values in
eitner cotton or merino at the popu'ar
prices of 12^c, 23c and 25c — complete
ranee of sizes -'nd color-".
Men's Derby Ribbed Un-
derwear, sOc— Pretty shades of
Blues or Pinks in form-fitting derby ribbed
balbriggan — neatly and substantially
trimmed — all sizes every garment guar-
anteed perfect — either shirts or drawers
at 50c a garment.
Men's Colored Shirts,
Stiff Bosoms, 95c — some new
blues added, m ;k.ng our great assort-
ment batter than ever. Bear in mind
th?s? fhirts have bodies same as the
bosoms — are the latest patterns and made
in the height of fashion. Wear one and
you would never know the difference
between make and fit and the ordinary
$1.50 Forts
2WO Linen Collars, We—
see cur great 10c collar, "The Empo-
rium" — worth in wear and style as much
as any 20c collar — in all the latest
"Cluett Coon" and "E. & W." shapes
We
We are agents for genuine
" garter" Underwear.
CONSUMPTION IS
< BEING CONSIDERED
Interest in Tuberculosis
Convention.
Cop>Ticht(vs, JV<!>, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, May 27.— The lull in politi
cal excitement during the vacation of
the Reichstag and Diet was relieved by
the assembling of the tuberculosis
convention, which has attracted ex
traordinary attention. The event is
compared with the Peace Conference,
and as indicative of the progress of fel
lowship among nations. The press
grave the congress a very enthusiastic
welcome, even the Vorwaerts seeing in
Jt the embodiment of labor in '—half of
the poorest classes. This socio-politi
cal feature of the congress is com
mented upon by other papers. It was
especially emphasized by the Minister
of the Interior, Count Posadowskl-
Wehner, in his opening address, as
harmony in social legislation in Ger
many. The opening session of the con
gress was marked by great ceremony,
and brought together a large audience,
including most of the disti - uished
German and foreign medical men, and
. it was noted with satisfaction that
{^France sent a large delegation. It in
cludes the most eminent French scien
tists in this department.
The preserve of the Empress of Ger
many as patroness of the congress was
noticed with appropriate acknowledg
ment by most of the speakers. Dr.
Brouardel of Paris was the first of the
foreigners to allude gracefully to Her
Majestys' presence.
The American delegates were treated
with great attention. Surgeon Boyd,
chairman of the United states d< lega
tion, who represents the United States
Navy Department at the Congress, and
Dr Nuttall, formerly of Johns Hop
kins University, were anointed hon
orary presidents of the first section.
Dr George T. Vailghan of the Cm ted
States Marine Hospital Service read a
paper on the "Climatic Treatment of
Tuberculosis," referring particularly
to the establishment of a sanitary
ranch at Fort Stanton. N. M.. and the
treatment of sailors. Dr. yon Schwein
itz also representing the United
States, read a paper on tht; 'Serum
Treatment of Tuberculosis."
Private conversation of the delegates
in the corridors shows that much at
tention has been attracted to Dr. yon
Bchweinits'S experiments.
Emperor William has shown -* lively
interest in the congress. On Monday
he ordered the Duke of Ratiber to sub
mit a report on the preparations, and
requested that a number of delegates
be introduced to him at Potsdam Sun
t4ay His Majesty had also commanded
Jfc performance of the '•Meistersinger"
at the Royal Opera-house in honor of
the congress. • "
Flrnt-class bathhouse and barber shop.
Brodek'B, 22G Powell street. •
THE EMPORIUM.
• New Wash Goods.
«-». «-•-«. The latest result of manufac-
cfifr timsn turin? ingenuity — silk finish
Brocade. Black Brocade Wash Suiting,
~ ~ combining the appearance of silk
with tho serviceablenes3 of sateen— s st/ies per yard.. 35c
~~~ ~/ Th's has been a season of rad-
Pcrca.CS. ically new styles. Wj are very
~" large handlers of these goods
" and buy freely of evsry novelty
produce I— several new styles; ju-t added, all 36 inche- wide
an! best cloth— per yard '. 12 2 C
w'h'Vn " Besides the American makes,
wntte which in many instance equal
PiauOSm the foreign, we shall offer this
week, and until sold, 2 cases (8)
pieces) medium we t Eiglish-maie Pig les, best values we ever
saw at the price — per yard 20c
White Organdy- .J^'T^f^" 5"»
a leader* inch White Organdies ranging
in price from 40c to $1.25. We
call special attention to an excellent value which will sure y
please at ..50<J
Book Specials.
Notable offerings of sotnte -of th> b-^t books published.
$1.00 books 3 00; 500 books We. An o P -
portonity to add to your iiorary at little cost a good edition of
standard works. The 35c books are bouni in silk cloth,
printed on good paper from new plates, representing such
authors as
Dickers, Scott, Bulwer, Thackeray,
Duma?, Cooper, C>reli, Hall Came,
Whittier, Lowell, • Longfellow, EinaLyal.
PuV-'shers' price, $1.00; our price, 35c ; 3 for $1.00.
Robert Bonder's Son-, New York, have retire! from the bo)k
business. We hive purchased the remainder of their copy-
right pajjer works at 20 cents on the dollar. The nooks are
fu.lv illustrated a:id comprise 122 su?h titles as "King M ;rk,"
"A Love Match," "The Scourge of Dimas:us," by Sylvanus Cobb
Jr.; "For Women's Love," by Mrs. Southworth ; "Her Doub'e
Lifp," "Neva's Jhree Lovers," 'Edda's Birthright," by Harriet
Lewis; 'Cousin Pons,'' "The Alchemist," "Caewr Blrotteau,"
by Balzac ; "Beads of Ta.--m -r," "Mite of tne Ei3ter Bill," by
Amelia Barr ; "lone," "A Mid Betrothal," by L:u a Jean
Libbey ; "Little H ather B o^som," ''Love Is Lori of A.U," by
Safford ; "Chris Rock "by Mivne Reid, transitions from the
German of Mrs. E. Werner, H-imburg aid others. Publishers'
price, 50c~our price „ 10c
Dress Goods.
Not si weave or style that has won
popular favor but what wi 1 be found
represented on our sielvas, an! at lowest
prices that qualities such as these can
be sod for.
44-inch Granite Cloth, excellent wear-
ing fabric, in shldei of tans, browns.
green?, blues and slate, per yar.1... 75
46-inch Fancy Suiting, in Crepon ef-
fects, serviceable and stylish, desirable
shadings of tan, blue, pearl gray, gre?n
and browns, per yard...... 'Si. GO
48 and 52 inch Zibiline Plaids in very
litest designs for ladies' skirts, proper
weight fo- summer weir, four handsome
effects, per yard....... $1.50
44 inch Mureretta (wool anl mohair),
a very natty suit in eight different
patterns, per yard $I*OO
44-inci Back. English Moharana in a
splendid variety of styles ani an excel-
lent fabric for wear, and very fashion-
able, per yard $'*5O
56-inch Storm Serge in medium and
jet black, an excellent value, will make
a serviceable outing suit, per yd.sl.OO
G. A. R. Hats*
>f^*VX\ re ou g0 ~
u'.f- A '"■,. ng to parade
- /^' \ on Memorial
C~H^^_l^L^ Day? Hre's
3^*-^^^^ ." bargain in
" G. A. R. Hats,
made in the regular shape of good qual-
ity black fur with narrow black band, all
sizas, only ; 95c
ITALIAN LABORERS
FOR PLANTATIONS
Ten Thousand Will Go
to the Islands.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, May 19.— The planters are
planning to introduce a large number of j
Italian laborers Into the cane fields ot
Hawaii. A meeting of the trustees of the
I Sugar-planters' Association was held yes
, terday, at which the groundwork for
bringing tho Italians was laid. It will be
\ submitted as soon as possible to a general
meeting.
Colonel F. A. Bchaefer has succeeded in j
bringing about this new and promising j
labor market. In the past nine months j
several litters have passed between him
and the Governmnt at Rome respecting
the matter. The Consul impressed the fact
that only the best of peasant labor was !
desirable here, and the Italian Qovern- j
mint secured from its local representa
tive all information concerning the con
tract system, treatment of laborers and
other details. A few months ago Mr.
Bchaefer Bent to the Italian Government
copies of the labor contract, labor laws
and mil descriptions of plantation ac
commodations. Attention was also drawn
to conditions as they would be when
American laws were extended over tlv;
islands and the contract system abol
ished.
By tho last mail Consul Schaefer re
ceived a letter from Home stating that
the contract and general plan were sat
isfactory. The Italian Government would
!•• rmil "the enlistment and shipment of
unlimited numbers of the peasant class
of labor from the northern part of the
kingdom. In dealing with the laborers.
both in shipment and on the plantations
here, the Italian Government desired to
follow the same plan practiced In tlie la
bor transactions between Hawaii and
Portugal.
Mr. Bchaefer stated this morning that
if the scheme was acceptable to the
planters the laborers would be shipped
from Genoa, some by way of Japan and
some via Sydney. They will come by the '
German-Lloyd boats, some of which sail
from Italy to China and Japan, and oth
ers to Australia. Arrangements could be
made for the immigrant boats to come
on over the same routes to Honolulu.
The number of Italians t«. be brought
will (Upend altogether upon the will of
the planters^ II fs primarily assured that
in 000 will be asked for to be Bhipped dur
ing the year. It is not thought that so
many caii be produced on such short no
tice, and that about 5000 will be all that
may arrive here.
Memorial Day at Marysville.
MAUYSYILLK. May 27.— Special Mem
orial day services will be held in the First
Presbyterian Church of this city to-mor
row. Corinth Post. Grand Army of the
Republic, will attend in a body. Rev. T.
j bamont will preach a sermon appropri
ate to the occasion. His subject will be
"Soldierly Qualities of the Apostle Paul."
On Tuesday open-air exercises will be held
on Corte* Square. The graves of the sol
diers in threo cemeteries will be decorat
ed and there will be a parade in which the
returned volunteers, the Grand Army post
and school children will take part. The
decoration of the cenotaph Bacred to the
memory of the unknown of the nation's j
dead will bo an impressive feature of the
i day. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUJNDAY, MAT 28, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
No transaction complete until customer is satisfied,
P^ Ooßden Rule Bazaar. M
California's Largest— America's Grandest Store.
Summer House Furnishings
at Emporium Prices.
Lemon Squeezers of metal and wood • 100 and 150
Hardwood Frame Extension Window Screens: .
Medium 5ize.. ........ 25 G each IfWH. '' r^;/. /. (1
Large size .......350 each *'■ ; WfZy// 4\\ x <\<k
Metal Frame Extension Window Screens, like < N ' ( -M -^ %^^N L?^V'--"
picture, that will fit any window— ■ .;;;■{ | ■ ;: '^| ' "< I
each 250 --
Garden Ho 5s or Rake 3, good quality st3el— each.... : ........4Dc
J^L 3-ply Garden Hose, of good quality, 25-foot length, with
tIST coupling — complete for .sl*so
S^iShf. f^U^i "*P'y extra ualit y guaran- \^rf^
~*^~^A^Jj&&*^ . teed Garden Hos'?, foot /<^f^^ fcJ _ J^^^-^gji
■ s^~^r%r = "^^ length, with couplings— (
\\U^ complete for $2,50 ijii^^i 7 ! 11
'.S'tp^C. ,Mx\\- .Peerless Icecream Freezer, [// Jlmn rjCJ I \
' warranted to make ice^JflW^SU L^
*■ —^ — 1\ cream in 3 i minutes — 'Mj^ : ~xt— : i =:: >l — ~~^
,(^^^_J* 1 quart....s/-45 O^ *TO(£O APR J
'^^ — ■^ s^^== 2 quart — $I*6O It^-I_2J-'s<l
_-= . 3 quart.. ..sl*9o I j^rr — /
fc^-^^^^^-^ 4 quart...s2.4O U^W^J
JuilLr .I*l* i'!'.isr"*""**~ 6 quart. ..s2.9o "^^IZ-X^^
■ ''!! *^ 'f~ If ' nil '( Good quality Ic> Pick and Chipper — each 15c
'111 ■ ll'l \b ill I Solid Ash Ice Chests, 2n feet nigh, positivly airtight,
■ flu 1 Wl' '\'i !_ " finished with best quality coach varnish, provision
fits %*£c^^- •- *4 chambers lined with zinc and furnished with metal
. Is^ ' ■ ggggsi^g^^^ '(' . racks, space between outer and inner case sheathed
'.'. *£?■•• 3i "^JP ) with charcoal, a reliable, durable refrieeritor
V^ for $6m50
Gas Stoves, like picture, 3% inches high, 7 incite I <<<'&HSh? < 9-tf?--»y.
across top 500 r-=4-=l^SJi^C^^?l^i
Tubing for Gas Stoves, 4to 12 foot 5c par foot /H'l§spP'V^^S^/dBL
Fiber Water Coolers, large size, with nickel faucet, f- i^T^jC-^Sv^iiflp
clean, effective and durable — each $1*75 &*& " " S§§7
Very handsome Embossed Round Trays, extra heavy ufir \3
nickel plated, su tab c for Vmonacle, punches, etc.... cS&s 3 " '©i?-
.....Bj4-inch. 35c; 10-inch, sOc; 11-inch, 65a; 12-inch, 75g
Fancy Decorated Japanned Oval iray.-;, 12 to 26 inches long — each../5c to 65g
. G&rpot, Rug and Furniture Specials*
:* The list of Carpet Bargains given below cannot be duplicated in quality and styles at the prices.
Tapestry Brussels, good variety of patterns, all woo surface, also charming designs for hall and stairs, yarJ... 45c
Tapestry Brussels, a better quality, border to match, our pattern and co'.o- assortment of this quality largest on the
cots-, ma v fine Oriental and Persian effects, per yard 55c
Wilton Velvet Carpets, various first-class makes, effective designs and pleasing, color schemes, border to match
par yard — : 75c
; Finest Quality Axminsiers, beautiful modern patterns, wide range of pattena and colorings, borders to mat.
for this week on y we make th.> price par yard , • $1.15
Carpet Remnants — Bring your measurement with you, as we may have a length large enough for your room. There
are borders to match several of the patterns.
Remnants of Taiiestry Brasses, per yard 35c
I Hemp Carpets (0 Dutch), one yard remnants, reversible and durable 25c
Remnants Wilton Velvets, also remnants stair runners, yarJ • 60c
i Remnants Body Brusse s, a fa r assortment of patterns, per yard '.'. 75c
Two Rug Specials*
Wilton Rugs— Exact copies of Oriental Ru rs. : Z } 6x3 te-t— this week • $2.35
. Smyrna Rugs— large size— 9x6 feet, $6.00 10^x7^ feet. $9.00; 12x9 feet, $12.
fg j££ One week longer of scfch T^^^^^?
Tables cpilincr ac wp ' bmH ls<;t • fJ-^W^^ Ji
bought selling as. we naa last ffey|!^^%am
v a ery week will close out our ~A W^&^mk L \
special ,• . . »-, : , iwa -a^ 4 'r~?g — ~t~Z lm
price, on purchase of.:-: Bedroom \U^?fJ£:^&Z:ff^^
Sis Suits, bought at 6^c on the I pS^'^<^%^ •
week, curv- , _. - •_ • . ■\l (I-. ~ ~ — -JLJ [1
ci top and dollar. Bedroom Suits -. \
shelf, ■-■%■•.:•-"," -.«■ -•.■■'.•. i^Ji'-i. „_ Jil—- ' vi i
French worth from $15 to $32% . "*"
legs, while ... ( . ' 50 Parlor S?ttees like picture, uphol-
qaantity nOW Selling at 11*0111 #9 £0 stered with Tapestry or fine h'avy Ve-
liLmr- \tt m lasts only.. # ■ lour-, large and comfortable piece? of
N «^' ...9 1.00 110 2O ° • furniture, special w;ek..... $4.50
TRADE RELATIONS
WITH GERMAN?
No Result of Present
Negotiations.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Pross.
BERLIN, May 27.— The United States
and German trade relations continued
to be discussed this week. The toy
makers of Sonneburg complain that
exports to the United States are declin
ing, and the Coburg Chamber of Com
merce has petitioned the Foreign Office,
asserting that the United States tariffs
are greatly damaging their trade. The
Chambers of Commerce of Worms and
Offenbach, interested in the leather
trade, have petitioned their representa
tive's in the Bundesrath to effect a more
just settlement of the questions at is
sue. The press pronounces the present
position to be untenable and reaction
ary. The Kreuz Zeitung admits there
will be no result from the negotiations,
as it is impossible for Germany to make
concessions.
Whitsuntide, the favorite time for
excursions into the country and moun
tains, has been marred by cold, rainy
weather. In the Hartz Mountains
heavy frosts have prevailed, and all the
mountain resorts have few holiday
makers. Emperor William and his fam
ily spent the holiday at the new palace.
Later in the week he visited the art ex
hibition and a number of Berlin stu
dios.
His Majesty's quarrel with Prince
Frederick Leopold of Prussia has
broken out afresh. Several years ago
Prlncesfl Frederick Leopold, while
skating, was immersed in a pond at
Potsdam and was carried to her home,
where Prince Frederick Leopold and
the Emperor met. The latter was in
censed at the incident and a quarrel
ensued, whereupon the Emperor, as
bead of the Hohenzollern family, ban
ished the Prince and Princess to Cassel.
The Prince, who has estates near Pots
dam, desired to return to them and has
repeatedly begged the Emperor's per
mission to do so. His Majesty has
steadily refused. The petition was re
newed during the Emperor's recent
visit to Cassel, and a refusal led to a
renewal of the quarrel.
Lieutenant Commander W. H. Beeh
ler, United States naval attache at
Rome and Vienna, was presented to
Emperor William at Potsdam on Mon
day. He was cordially welcomed by
his Majesty, who highly complimented
the American navy and illustrated the
voyage of the Oregon from the Pacific
to the West Indies and the battle of
Santiago as examples of its eeffctive
ness. His Majesty displayed marvelous
information regarding the ships and
details of the events of Santiago and
asked. "Where is 'Fighting Bob?' "
Lieutenant Beehler has been invited
to dine at the palace next Tuesday.
Admiral Tirpitz and the other German
naval officials are most cordial toward
him.
THE EMPORIUM.
HELD II SLAVE By
i INDIAN CHIEF
San Francisco Seaman's
Adventure.
Special Pippatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 27.— Joshua
Moody, an American, arrived a few days
ago at the Naas River Indian village of
I Mamarok, after one of the most peculiar
experiences on record of northern adven
ture. Eight years ago Moody left the
village, an<l had not been seen until he
arrived there last week, looking wan and
emaciated after a trip <>f nearly 100 miles.
He was -an American sailor and went up
the toast from San Francisco over ten
years ago, being then v young man. He
found his way to the Indian village, and
had not been there a year before he fell
in love with one of the dusky daughters
Of Ibe north and married her. During the
two years of his life there he became cele
brated as a hunter among the tribe and
frequently headed expeditions into the in
terior.
One day he went out alone. That was
eight yeari« ago. and since that time he
was thought to be dead. For a few
months intermittent search was made for
him and then be was forgotten. As a
matter of fact he was carried away a
slave by Indians in Alaska and lived with
them until three months ago.
"I had been out hunting for several
days," said Moody in telling his story,
"and one night camped at the side of a
stream. I had seen the smoke from In
dian iires two or three days previously,
but thought nothing of it. Alaskan tribes
had never come down that far before.
All at once three Indians ran up and
bound me. They used me very roughly,
and at first 1 thought they would kill me
right then.'. I was dragged away to the
chiefs camp, a mile from there, and from
that time on was made his servant. Close
watch was kept that I did not escape un
til we were well away from the Naas
country. We traveled nearly lUOO miles
toward" the Peace River district.
"My life as a slave of the chief did not
contain many phases but what I was ta
millar with. In a year or two the people
all treated me with respect and the chief
came tt> regard me with marked friendli
ness. The Knowledge that 1 naturally had
of medicine was a decided help. Soon the
chief offered me the hand of bis daugh
ter in marriage. I protested that 1 had
one wife already, but that made no dif
ference, and until a rear ago I was the
principal advisor of the chief. Then dis
ease broke out among the tribe and to
an extent they blamed me for not staying
its ravages.
"At the first of this year I resolved to
get away, and at the end of March 1
started tor the coast. The trip took me
a couple of months, and all the way I had
to pick up enough wild food to keep alive.
The cold weather was the principal dif
flculty and living a great part of the time
alone was trying. 1 have just heard of
the Klondike, and will probably go there.
"Though the natives in the Peace River
country got gold nuggets in several of the
streams, I never expected to get away. Vo
1 bothered very little beyond mere sur
face investigations."
Moody is now living with his first wife.
High School Commencement.
WOODLAND. May 27.— Commencement
exercises of the Esparto High School was
held in Madison Friday evening. The
graduating class of '99 consists of Hester
K. Adams. Fridolin Durst. Edward ('.
j Eckhardt, George Ray Lovejoy and Jay
C. Nurse.
THE EMPORIUM.
WEDNESDAY, LAST DAY OF IHE WAX FIGURE FREE EXHIBIT.
Linen Values.
~ _ ■ ' „ «. ZT ~1 There are many lin?s of Linens
BlBSCtietl I made for advertisinr purposes,
Table Damask. [ light and showy. We do not ke.-p
~ ~ — r;^ — — : — them. We only sell goods that
will turn out right. We show this week a Bleached Table Di-
mask, 72 inches wide, pure flax, and all we claim for it is that ; ,
it is the best ever shown here for the nnney— per ya.rd.-50c
—-■.—— Bleached Table Linen, Irish
Table make, best flax, close and firm,
Linen* .' 3 patterns only, 64 inches w de—
■:~ — : — — per yard 65c '
_. . , " ~ Bleached Irish Linen Table Da-
Tab B | mask, a splendid va.ue, 72 inches
Damask* j wide, glossy a3 — per yard..
r — — — ! .......:. .....80c
Ohorlr ( A good Irish Linen Glass Tow-
uneVH^ i cling, in the various checks, red
Toweling* | and blue, 20 inches wide, edges
~~ woven on both sides — per yard...
. : ......lOc
Ofilf— Nowadays it is difficult to find
noi.cr the good - 0 ] d . tini 3 roun thread
Toweling* pure linen Crash that wears so
well This is became of the in-
crease duty. But we offer this week a 15c per yard value of
this kind at.......... I2KC
Splendid Line of Unusual yalues for a^ 0 ':
gggm mm ft &~SB ' ar a yard — beautiful
"" UOMtat* allKSm striped Taff itas, 24 inches
wide— extra heavy quality— new summer colors, such as
Bluet-, Mode?, dainty Greans, Navy, etc. Choice 21-inch Sum-
mer Silks in hair-line stripes and equal width stripes in ex-
quisite color assortment — also a full line of checks for shirt
waists in shades of purple, turquoise, a* f%g% ****—*§
green and cerise— at &taUU JfiiHU
Newest Curtains.
These late importations are all . real effects in splendid de-
signs — nothing like them in town at these prices.
Point a?E?prit, Brussels Net, fluted ruffl n;— 3 yard long by
40 inches wide — per pur $2*50
Point Ca'ais Rococo Lace Curtains — ?>y 2 yard 3 long, 50 inches
wide — pair i • $9*25
Genuine Brussels Lace Curtain?— 3% yards long, 50 inches
wile — pair • $10*00
Heavy A r ab an Lace Curtains, Real Border — 3v^ yards long.
50 inches w.de — pair '.;. .$12*50
MILLER OPPOSED
10 GOOD ROADS
May Be Commissioner
Maude's Secretary
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 27.— The an
nouncement said to have been semi
officially made at Los Angeles,
where Governor Gage now is. that
J. L. Maude, the new Highway
Commissioner, would appoint Assembly
man J. 11. Miller of Los Angeles his sec
retary has occasioned considerable com
ment here. As a member of the last Leg
islature Miller was the strongest antag
onist of the good roads bill, which em
bodied the best ideas of the department of
highways for a term covering months of
research and experience. In this attitude
of opposition it was declared that he was
acting at the request of the Los Angeles
Board of Supervisors, which was violently
opposed to the measure.
Miller was particularly emphatic in his
opposition to the bill providing that one
half of all road moneys raised each year
should be spent in permanent improve
ments of a character approved by the
advanced science of road building. It
would seem, therefore, that the very last
man who should be selected to promote
the good roads movement in this State
would be Assemblyman J. H. Miller of
LJoa Angeles.
But the announcement as it comes from
Los Angeles occasions small surprise with
all the discussion that has followed it.
During the early part of the session of the
Legislature Miller voted for R. N. Bulla
for United States Senator, but toward the
last he turned about and cast his ballot
for D. M. Burns. Naturally the belief pre
vails here that if there is any truth in the
published story from Los Angeles Miller
will receive his job through the influence
of Burns, notwithstanding the improprie
ty of the selection in view of Miller's well
known attitude against the cause of good
roads.
Commissioner Maude says that Miller
is not a candidate for the office and so
developments are awaited by the capital
habitues. It is int?restlng to know that
the retiring Commissioners of the De
partment of Highways are opposed to
such an appointment as that reported
from Los Angeles.
TAX-PAYERS TO ACT.
Yuba County League Will Assist in
Prosecuting Officials.
MARYSVILLE, May 27.— The first annu
al meeting of the Taxpayers' League of
Tuba County was held to-day. The elec
tion of officers for the ensuing year result
ed as follows: President, G. W. Hutch
ins; vice president, D. A. Ostrom; secre
tary and treasurer. John C. White. An
executive committee was elected as fol
lows: Samuel Ewell, J. P. Swift, J. G.
<ohn. E. H. Hudson, W. B. Filcher. W.
A. Creps, John MeQuaid, J. K. Boomer.
T. H. Steel, William Slingsby. D. E.
Knights and P. L. Hutchins. The meet
ing indorsed the action of the Grand Jury
regarding delinquencies of county officers
reported by Expert Love and authorized
tlie executive committee to employ legal
talent to assist the District Attorney in
the suits.
Utica Mine Reopened.
ANGELS CAMP. May 27.— The Utica
mine resumed operations to-day for the
first time since the shut-down on ac
count of disabled machinery three weeks
ago.
THE EMPORIUM.
Extra Values in
Good Hosiery.
Ladies' Imported Harms-iorf Black
Real Maco Cotton Hose, high spliced
heels, double siles, extra well made with
silk finish, eith?r plain, Rembrandt or
C rluroy ribbed; also in tan shades to
match shoes, per pair 25c
Ladies' Imported Fine Quality Lisle
Thread Hose, full lace effects and fancy
open work, the newest designs, Herms-
dorf black, tan', russets or opera colons,
pair 50G
Children's Imported Hermsdorf Black
Fine Ribbed Cotton Hos^, double knee
and sole, made of the best quality Maco
Yarn, no equal at the price for appear-
ance and durability; also in tans and
russet shades at sizes sto 10 inch, per
pair 25c
Extra Values in
Knit Underwear.
Ladies' Imported Li?le Thread Vests,
lowneck.no sleeves, with deep hand-
crocheted yoke, colors white, ecru, pink,
sky blue and black, each SOc
Ladies' Fine Jersey Ribbed Lisle
Thrtad Union Suits, high neck and Ion?
sleeves, high neck and short sleeves, and
low neck and no sleeves, colors white or
ecru, suit , sOc
Ladies' R chelieu Ribbed Egyptian
Cotton Vest 3. neatly trimmed around
neck and armholes, colors white or ecru,
each 1 ~C
GEORGE WADE IS
HELD FOR MURDER
Sequel to the Tragedy
on the Australia.
♦
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, May 19.— William Gil
lespie, the waiter who was shot by
George Wade, a cook, on board the
steamer Australia as she was about to
discharge the pilot on Tuesday even
ing, died at the Queen's Hospital at 2:30
p. m. yesterday. This was just twenty
one hours after the tragedy.
When the men were carried ashore
both were placed in the hospital. The
murderer, having been only stunned,
was shortly afterward removed to the
police station, where the entry, "For
investigation," was made opposite his
name. Wade said he was sorry he had
hurt Gillespie, as he was "his best
friend." He was kept in ignorance of
the desperate condition of his victim
until, after the end, he was charged in
the Police Court with murder. This was
yesterday mornjng.
Wade showed a feeble gait as he was
conducted from the cells below into the
courtroom by Detective Kaapa. Aa he
was settling into a seat in nt of
Judge Peterson he staggered. The big
mulatto's head was bandaged.
Deputy Marshal Hitchcock read the
charge of murder in the first decree to
the prisoner. The same official then
suggested that the case go over until
after the return of the Australia, on
the Sth of June. Wade was asUed if
this were not the best course.
"I suppose so," was his reply.
Then for a few moments Wade was
silent and motionless. In slow tones he
broke the silence with the query, "Is
that fellow dead?"
|>040 -f o+o+o+o-t-o-f o-f o'-t-O-fO-fO-f -f o 4-O-f O-f O-f O-f O-f O-f o+o-f O-f O-f Ofl|
lAn Instrument of Torture I
I • 2!
o "" miIBBBPPnTi it in ■ — - iQPf*»— Is a Truss made on the plan as >,
? x|P p ■' iiHi'HliKilinllilijLgg^ shown, with a heavy steel or Iron ?
O p jdrtiiV&L \ band, as you know if you have
4. 1 __-rffll^^^:^^^ E*« 1 Deen ln the habit of wearing one. °,
O i fzg£&*^ *»^ Wi£dWbu& Throw it away! Why will you +
4- V Jaßa>eff9wr continue wearing such an instru- ?
? /f^siW*®&»!s§!9 ment of torture, when we can fur- q
X %. ftg'3ra>??-'MateißigS/ nish you a most efficient truss — >'
+ 'Jt cr^' -SJJPQ*XT ELASTlC— without any iron a
o i Irs ***-^*s<jS2>> r hoops or ■: steel springs about it, +1
+ and one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and °*
O DAY? As for CURES. DR. PIERCES Celebrated MAGNETIC ELAS- 3
4- TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC 2
O TRUSS, the only genuine and successful one ever Invented. Electricity o
+ is the only thing that will CURE rupture, and when Dr. Piercs's Truss, -f"
+ cures a rupture it stays cured. Send 2c In stamps for our "Book No. 1," o
O .or call at office. Address: ".* VJ '.:?-';.*.;;'-■
? MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY |
0 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco. %
t ■ i\ o>
o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f O-f o + +O+O+ O+O+O+O+O+O+O+O+ o+o 4tt
- . • ■ • .. ' , ..:-■•• "T'lniir^HMiiin iiilii'iiir. ain>ai »>i>'iii^w i ti ''i^HMyli i' ' - ■ , '
THE EMPORIUM.
Fishing Tackle,
fNote our extra low
prices on fishing \
tackles for thw sea- 4
son. Free infor- J
/nation given \
about all kinds 1
of fishing in
salt or fresh 4
water by an 4
experienced '
angler.
Good 3 feet single 1
trout leaders 3 for. 3c J
Fine 3 flet single 4
trout leaders
3c, sc, 10c 4
Fine 3 feet double trout lea 4 ers "i
3c, 6c, 10c, 22c
Extra fine heavy salmou and striped J
bass leaders 10c to 83c '
The celebrated S. Ailcock &, C).'i Gut 4
Hooks, snelled with selected Mirana silk
worm gut. waterproof tieing, rust proof, i
bronze and hand-pointed Carlisle Hooks, 4
the finest hook made:
Fine | Single Gut, Ito 12 15c dozen 2
Grade $ Double Gut, Ito 12 25c dozan
Superior* Single Gut, Ito 12... 10c dozen "(
Grade ' Double Gu:, Ito 12... 15c dozen '
English Bronze turned down Eyed Pennel
Hook for bass fishing 50c dozen
Lake trout size 15c dozen <
Pure linen bass line, extra strorg, on <
bock of 100 yards— ls thread, 75c —
18 thread", 85c-21 thread $1.00 J
Oil Silk Lines 25c, 35c, 45c, 50c 2
Enameled Silk Fly Lines 2
25c, 50c, 65c and 75c 4
Braided Cotton Lines, 84 feet in hank-, 'i
7c and 10c hank <
Braided Linen Lines put up in 25 yard
coils on card 15c, 20c and 25c J
Allcock & Co. silk body trout flies, all 2
standard patterns, 6to 12 35c dazen 4
Split B mboo Rods 85c to $.0.00 4
Fancy Cedar, A-h, Lince and Green- H
heart-Rods 50c to $2.75 4
Outing Shoes. %
Ladies' Choc- . -C^f^- '. . w r\
olate color Jfflwst^u^) !*!
Vici Kid Lace / 5
Uxiorfls — ...~^ ~^--»- — •
fancy silk .
vesting inlaid . <j
cloth lops, new coin toes, kid tips, turned <•
s 2 wed soles a modest shoe, combining ♦
style and quiet elegance — all s : zes and *
widths $1.95 5,
• . Men's Chocolate color
/^-^—^"l • Vici Kid Lace Shoes—
*- i* e «i 1 modified bulldog toe and «
1} e\ . tip — sewed, welt soles. <■
/v $&& n 3 s^ oe ' 8 an eaB >' *
l^V r/irs& ter, gives ♦
K^N^7 *^^ g oodserv JJ
ice and 2,
7V. v<^^^\ equals in
J} styles the +>
<= sasi ===== $5 kinds — ■ <•
all sizes and widths $3.00 ♦
Ten Cent Sale
Handkerchiefs.
A'l linen cottage hand-embroidered
hemstitched unlaundered Handkerchiefs,
$1 15 the dozen, or each 100
Ladies' sheer lawn soft bleach hem-
stitched Handkerchiefs with neat border
of fine Valenciennes iace, $1.15 the
dozen, each fOe
All pure linen soft bleached washed
ready for use hemstitched Handkerchiefs,
$1.15 the dozen, or each fOo
On being told of the fact and time of
Gillespie's death, he remarked:
"I am awfully sorry."
He was venturing to say more when
Deputy Marshal Hitchcock checked
him with * the usual cautions. Any
thing that he might now utter waa
liable to be used against him as evi
dence.
Immediately after the death of Gil
lespie a Coroners' jury was impaneled.
After having been sworn over Gilles
pie's body, the jury postponed the in
quest until after the return of the Aus
tralia. There is not a person in Hono
lulu who saw the crime.
Poor Gillespie on the way to the hos
pital only murmured that he had not
deserved so cruel a fate, as he had but
tried to restore peace between the two
quarreling men. Wade and "Sidney,"
the butcher. He also spoke of his?
mother, hoping she would believe he
was "all right."
No ante-mortem deposition was ob
tained from the dying man. He had ral
lied wonderfully the morning before his
death, but relapsed into a sinking con
dition and could not be disturbed — not
even to leave his testimony for the
avenging law.
The funeral took place from the hos
pital to the Catholic cemetery yester
day. Rev. Father Valentin conducted
the services. Employes of W. G. Irwiu
& Co. (limited), agents of the Oceanic
Steamship Company, together with
many friends the dead man had known,
here, attended the obsequies. Many
floral emblems were contributed.
These, with the coffin, -were photo
graphed at the grave to form a sad
memento for the bereaved mother.
Mrs. Elizabeth K. Wilder, mother of
Miss Helen Wilder, Avho on board the
Australia called the police officers up
the ladder again when the shooting oc
curred, sent a beautiful cross.
New Laws in Texas.
AUSTIN. Texas. May 27.— The Texas
Legislature adjourned sine die at noon to
day, after having been in session contin
uously for 137 days. It enacted- a drastic
anti-trust law; a law making it a felony
for an employe, agent or any one con
nected with a railway company to give
a rebate or discriminate in rates; a law
creating a State tax commission and a
law authorizing a number of trunk rail
roads in the State to consolidate with
connecting lines. Under the provisions of
these consolidation bills fully 500 miles of
new railroad must be built in Texas rjth
in the next two years. Over two hundred
now laws were passed in all.
56
Khz
SUNDAY • .'. .MAY 28, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
OAKLAND OFFICE : 908 Broadway
I*EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. GEO. KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Ad /ertising Representative.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Moth and the Flame."
Grand Opera House— Gypsy Baron."
• urn —Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "ln Mlzzcura- "
Tlv. ll— "The Mandarin."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. ■£ ,
. Olympla-Corner Mason and Ellis Btreets-Speclalties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay. /■•. . ;
Butro Haths— Pwimminft Races, etc.
Ice Tobopsan Grounds. Dolores and Twenty-Fifth streets.
Glf-n Park— Mission Zoo and Circus to-day.
Sherman-Clay Hall-Knelsel Concert, This Afternoon. '
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day. ___^___ — ■
THE CONFERENCE A FAILURE.
THE Peace Conference will be abortive. Mr.
White has already sufficiently admitted its
failure.
j:. | .- this outcome are as plain as the re- i
suit itself Since the publicists of Europe ceased to '^
write subjunctively of the United States, and the
"ifs' 1 and "buts" of De Tocqueville were replaced by
the past tense and potential mood in which Professor
has told of what we have done and can do. the
example of the United States has worked certain
formations in several European Governments.
A free people, guaranteed the right to bear arms, in
creasing to seventy millions, with a little army of only
n. presented an example that encouraged the
friends of free institutions everywhere. Heretofore
the United States have been cited as proof that not
mies but larger liberties were needed by the
the Old World for the defense of their in
tions and their territory.
Unfortunately, the people of this republic have not
permitted, or have not seen fit. to properly ap
preciate the value of their policy to themselves or of
their example to the rest of the world. From some
source a sinister influence has gone abroad inoculat
ing them with a thirst for military glory, for power.
for ■ . be ruled rather than for citizens to
rule themselves. At present, by these causes, our past
example is obscured: it is in eclipse. We have per
manently more than doubled our standing army.
with the immediate prospect of quadrupling it. We
are paying the usual high price of glory in war taxes.
which there is no prospect of abating. We are well
n the path the farther end of which" has been
reached by the European nations. We are feared by
the weak and hated by the strong.
Wi might have been present in the Peace Con- 1
ferencc in plain clothes, advising the nations to de
velop larger freedom for their people from the germ
of parliamentary government, which all of them on
tht Continent except Russia have taken from u<
We might have pointed to the vast consumptive
power of our lightly taxed people and of their cor
relative power of production, which sends a vast,
wealth-gaining surplus into the markets of the «
To the cry of the older countries that markets n •«
be blown open with gunpowder and trad( |
by the sword, we could have pointed to th<
conquests of our commerce and the mighty m<
ure of results we have achieved by peace by following
the art- of construction and abjuring those of de
struction.
But every American knows that we are not present
in that character, nor able to point with pride to those
thing- Quite to the contrary. Our flag floats over
slaughter in far lands, and the press and the commer
cial spirit raise the new cry that trade follows the
flag — not where it goes in peace, but where it goes
in war. We send military delegates in company with
our diplomats to consult about peace. We are a new
terror let loose in the world, and the awful power
we have accumulated in a century and a quarter by
peaceful pursuits inspires exactly the same feeling in
the world as did the trembling of the earth under the
hard heels of the armies of Xerxes, Alexander.
Caesar, Gengis Khan and Napoleon.
It is well to look facts in the face. We are no
longer propagandists of the principles of the Declara
tion of Independence, but we are abroad in the world
standing on the mere physical brutalities of the Os
ti nd manifesto. The temples of the Prince of Peace
are closed and that of Janus is opened. The declara
tion of Colonel Denby, Commissioner to the Philip
pine?, that having the power to do so we propose by
aggression and conquest to take by force, wherever we
find it. whatever we think will be to our material ad
vantage, is .t frank expression of our present atti
tude to the rest of the world. Our old policy has
demonstrated, in a -hort century and a quarter, a brief
forenoon in the life of a nation, its wisdomin its re
suit- in the progress we have made. The opposite
policy upon which we have entered is a novelty to us,
but its results may be studied in the imperial experi
ments which have gone before.
In the conference we have nothing to offer in our
former character as a non military republic. We are
there just as the other glory-seeking nations are there.
Befpre us and before their vision rises the glorious
panorama of Asiatic splendor. The aroma of the
bloom islands of the tropical sea is in every nostril.
Populations of peaceful people, incapable of defense,
numbering three-quarters of a billion souls, bend to
their task*, while their countries welter in sunshine
and invite conquest and spoliation. The weak every
where shade their eye> and scan the horizon in vain
for a friend. Justice has no temple in which they can'
have a day in court against the strong. In the con
ference opped from pleading their cause.
It is doubtful if even the cruelties of war will i c
checked by agreement. The world's sky is full of
hawks, and the dove of peace flutters to the jungle
for safety.
Instead of illustrating Christian civilization by re
turning armies to the arts of peace, it is probable that
the twentieth century will dawn in widespread slaugh
ter, or will witness the disarmament of the weak and
a movement in retrogression that will retard the rise
ot man into greater freedom and its consequent hap
piness. Americans will wish it were .otherwise and
will deplore the agency of the republic in the per
petration of wholesale bloodshed, but they are help
less in the hands of a sinister influence which hopes to
follow conquest, whip in hand, to secure the profits of
involuntary labor in lands where white men can live
only as masters and rulers of subjects.
DOES HE NEED (\ MONUMENT ?
OL'R esteemed contemporary, the Evening Post.
which of late has devoted its editorial page to
vagrom fancies and curious statistics, put to
itself the question some time ago, "Does Dewey need
a monument?" and after wrestling with it announced
on Friday that he does not.
The conclusion is just. Admiral Dewey needs no
monument, either in his back yard, his front yard or
on board his ship. Indeed, it is difficult to see what
he would do with one were it presented to him. Such
things are useful neither to private citizens nor to
naval officers. A man with a monument thrust upon
him would be about as embarrassed as the peasant
\\a-~ with the elephant.
Had the Post contented itself with announcing its
conclusion on the subject all would have been well
with it. but in an evil moment it permitted itself to
indulge in the rashness of trying to make an argu
ment. It asserts, in the first place, that a shaft, or a
statue, or a monument, in bronze or brass, could not
enhance the fame of the Admiral or render more en
during the honor conferred by a great people. His
name and his fame, it says, are enshrined in the
hearts of his countrymen, and he will live in the pages
of history beyond the term of crumbling stone or
metals corrupted by the rust of ages.
All of which is most excellent fooling. "Because
he needs no praise, shall we be dumb?" Had the peo
ple never praised Dewey. never sounded their appre
ciation of his valor and his patriotism, his deed would
ere this have been forgotten. A feeling or a thought
which is never recalled or never expressed soon fades
from memory. It is only by giving it expression in
enduring forms through the medium of letters or of
art that any sentiment of the brain or feeling of the
heart is perpetuated among men.
There were heroes before Agamemnon, but no
Homer sang their glory, and the world knows them
not. The hero to whose hqnor no song has been
raised, no monument erected, is as obscure in death
as the nameless slaves that served in the cellars of
"the courts where Jamshyd reveled and drank deep."!
Xo hero needs a monument, but a people whose na-l
tional life must be fed with noble memories need alii
forms of monuments, that those memories may be j
forever fresh in their minds and in their hearts.
Pursuing its folly with a fatuous persistency, the
Post goes on to say we have no artists, sculptors or
architects with the genius requisite to provide a
monument worthy of Dewey, and adds: "Let us at
tain to the genius of building monuments to heroes
before we risk the failure that may subject the hero
thus 'honored' to the scorn of future generations not
50 enthusiastic as ourselves over "deeds of heroism'
that may appear less heroic in the pages of a cold, pas
sionless, impartial and accurate history of the event."
The argument that we must not erect monuments
until we have learned to erect them is equivalent to
the old grandmother's advice to the boy not to go
imo the water until he learned to swim. As a matter
of fact we have in this country many artists quite ca
pable of designing and constructing monu
mental works of the highest class. Several of the
kind erected in the Eastern States within the past few
years are equal in magnitude, dignity and artistic
beauty to any recently raised in Europe.
The Pacific Coast needs a monument to Dewey as
an expression of regard for his glorious service to
the republic, as a memorial to future generations of
| his patriotism and of the honor in which it is now j
i held, and as a stimulus to artists and to genius. The
whole republic needs the monument, and it will be
erected.
APPOINTMENT OF SENATORS.
IT is undeniable that in every State in the Union
• rts are being quietly made to commit Federal
'or-, on the score of friendship, to the re
il of uniform precedents and the violation of clear
distinct constitutional law. by seating Matt
■■. . under the appointment of the Governor of
rtsylvania. after he had failed of an election by the
Joint committee of the Legislature of that State.
It i- hard for intelligent and patriotic citizens t.o
conceive that their great national council, filled with
the representatives of autonomous American States,
occupying a legislative position analogous to the ju
dicial distinction of the Supreme Court of the United
.States, in the plan of its construction and in its his
torical dignity powerful and grand beyond compari
son, should be even suspected of an intention to sac
rifice its honor for persona! considerations. Such a
calamity is not to be lightly anticipated. But there
?re many indications that it is believed to be pos
sible. Should it actually occur, it will be accepted
throughout the world as positive evidence that the
Federal Senate is "a millionaire club." and as con
clusively proving the necessity of placing the power
of selection directly in the hands of the people.
Every Senator swears to maintain the constitution
of his country, and, if there are degrees of solemnity
it] the assumption of obligations, his oath binds him
with pre-eminent sanctity. And. on the cases in
which Federal Senators can be appointed, the con
j stitution is free of any trace of ambiguity and as
pellucid as crystal. Ry article 11, section ;?. it pro
. vides that when "during the recess of the Legisla
ture," "by resignation or otherwise." a vacancy oc
curs, it may be filled by the "temporary appointment"
of the Governor of the State "until the next meeting
of the Legislature, which shall then fill such va
cancy."
This language speaks for itself. It needs no ex
pository treatment. It cannot be evaded or doubted
by any man of ordinary intelligence, nor its binding
force upon the conscience of a Senator pledged to
obey it avoided by any quibble or by any sophistry.
['n the records of a hundred and twelve years, so far
as we are advised, no disobedience to its mandate is
to be found. When Senator George Reede of Dela
ware resigned in 1793, and in January. 1794, the Leg
islature of that State adjourned without electing his
successor, the gubernatorial appointee. Kensy
Johns; was rejected, because there had been an op
portunity to elect. When Lamuan of Connecticut
reached the end of his term, March 3. 1825, and was
pointed the next day to succeed himself, he was
refused his seat because it was held that, when a regu
lar term expired, there was no vacancy, within the
meaning of the constitution, even though the Legis
re was in recess. In the Corbett case there was a
Federal Senator to be elected, and when a session of
the Legislature of Oregon began a joint convention
could not be held because the Senate only was or
ganized and the Assembly failed even to choose tem
porary officers. In this instance, if ever, there was an
opportunity to claim an exceptional situation which
justified the appointment by the Governor. But, as
in the Delaware precedent, there had been a chance to
elect, thrown away through legislative perversity, and
Corbett was denied admission by a vote of 50 to 19.
The most remarkable fact about this last evidence
of consistency and of obedience to constitutional law
by the upper house of Congress is that Matt Quay
himself is to be ranged with the majority. He was
then a Senator from Pennsylvania. Senator Morgan
: of Alabama, who, like Senator Perkins of California,
considered that the special facts of the Corbett ap
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28. 1899.
pointment took it out of the category of the uniform
precedents, was outspoken, as is usual with him, in
ranking himself with the minority. The Congres
sional Record shows that, on February 28. 1898, the
Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections re
ported the resolution declaring that Corbett was not
entitled to admission. This resolution was adopted
by the vote already stated. Senators Morgan and
Quay were paired, and neither actually voted, which
was legally and fully equivalent to a vote by Senator
Quay against Corbett.
On .March 3. 1899. the regular term? of Senators
White. Quay, Gray and Cannon, respectively of Cali
fornia, of Pennsylvania, of Delaware and of Utah, ex
pired, and, in each. of these States, the Legislature in
joint convention was then voting for a Senator, and
a deadlock existed which remained unbroken until
adjournment. On the authority of the Delaware
cr.se. as the term of each of these four Senators ex
pired by limitation, even if the several Legislatures
had not been in session, there could have been no
"vacancy" that it was within gubernatorial authority
to fill. But, as there was no "recess." and the four
Legislatures simply failed to elect, within the distinct
provisions of the constitution no appointment could
be made without palpable usurpation, and no such ap
pointment could be indorsed without dishonor. It is
true that the Senate of the United States resembles
every other legislative body in the fact that it is the
j sole judge of the qualifications of its own members,
'. but it has never been understood that, because it pos
sessed the power, it was justified in violating con
stitutional obligations. It is possible that it might
seat a subject of Great Britain, or of Russia, or a
Tagal, who had never even declared an intention to
be naturalized, and without one of the qualifications
i prescribed in terms by the constitution. Any of these
acts would be no more and possibly less unprincipled
and injurious than the ratification of the gubernatorial
; appointment of Matt Quay or Dan Burns.
Matt Quay at least possesses ability and experience
and he has evidently laid up social capital with his fcl
; low members. Dan Burns is a paragon of incapacity
and of saturated political corruption, whose record
alone amounts to a positive disqualification for any
office. But. without reference to the distinctions be
tween the two men. to seat either through the as
sumption of legislative powers by a State executive
would be a revolutionary proceeding that presump
i tively is impossible in the Federal Senate.
THE BOERS AND ThJE BRITISH-
WERE not public interest in foreign affairs so
distracted from one quarter of the globe to
another by imbroglios in China, Samoa, the j
Philippines and Central Africa, there would b^ much I
both of amusement and instruction to he gained by
studying, or at least closely observing and following,
the course of events in the Transvaal. The mutual
relations of the British and the Boers, when the char
acteristics and the comparative strength of the two
people are considered, are about as interesting as any
thing of the sort to be found in all the pages of his
tory.
It was with a zealous willingness to take up "the j
white manY burden" the British went to the land of
the Bners. They found there a people who were not ;
developing the rich resources of their soil, a people j
so barbarou?*hey would rather take life easy in the
herding of cattle than to work hard in digging gold.
By way* of bearing their burdens for them the British
got possession of the gold mines and then tried to
i get possession of the country also. Just there they
; struck a snag. The Boer preferred to carry his own |
; burden, and even showed a readiness to fight and fight
1 hard before he would let himself be relieved of it.
As the case stands now the Boer has the burden.
He runs the government, and the Britisher has noth
ing to do except to work. He is relieved of all care
and responsibility in the Transvaal. The- Boer prac
-1 tices upon him a policy of '"benevolent assimilation"
as soon as he comes into the country. He is allowed, ;
: encouraged and even gently enforced to pay taxes.
His children are' paternally compelled to learn the
Boer language. He is himself educated in Boer cus
toms, given the wholesome discipline of Boer laws.
j and in every way carefully guarded, nursed and
trained to be fit to take part in the government when
the Boer in his wisdom sees fit to grant it.
British settlers in the Transvaal arc getting, in
fact, just what the British in other lands are dealing
out to the natives. Yet they do not like it. They are
eager to help bear the burden. They desire to under
take some of the laborious responsibilities of holding
j office and administering public affairs. They cannot
! see how well off they are in a region where every
thing is done for them, and where they have nothing
I to do except pay taxes and learn to speak South Af
; rican Dutch.
<)f course the situation cannot long endure. The
] Boers are but a feeble folk in comparison with the
I race whom they have undertaken to hold in leading
strings. Their little primitive republic has been sur-
I rounded by the swelling and advancing tide of British
! aggression, and sooner or later it must be submerged.
Its doom is as plainly written as was that of the pas
' toral Spanish Californians in the old days when the j
first American adventurers crossed the mountains
'"and discovered the richness of their land. »
No amount of courage, patriotism or dogged stub
bornness can protect a people in this generation who
stand against civilization. The Boers must either
j swim with the current or perish. That much is sure;
but, nevertheless, they are making a good fight and
giving the world its most interesting lesson on the
subject of "burden bearing" that is now being taught
in any part of the world.
The three Judges of the criminal division of the
Superior Court have announced that, unless the Su
pervisors furnish the wherewithal to feed men en
gaged in jury duty, they will hear no more criminal
; cases. Next thing we know relief committees for the
succor of starving jurors will be all the go in San
Francisco.
The direction of the fence that Collis P. Hunting
< ton is trying to build around the earth will have to
ibe changed again. The Supreme Court has just de
cided that there are several very valuable sections of
land in Los Angeles County that the Southern Pa
cific Railway will have to yield up.
The dispatches announce that Nicaragua is ani
mated by an intense hatred of Americans. There i
have been instances where fear proved to be the only
; highway to popularity, and Nicaragua seems to
, have been looking for a sound thrashing for some
time.
Oom Patil desires reform in the Transvaal, and the
British in that republic desire reform also. Such being
the case, it is a pity that the reform which each de- j
j sires is some law providing a means for running the
other out of the country.
•What a godsend it would be to California if its !
Legislatures could be made up of members from the '
Cuban army! Uncle Sam has been trying hard re
cently to give each of them his share of $3,000,000, but
not one sems to be out for the stuff. J
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
PROTEST AGAINST EXAMINATIONS.
To the Editor of The Call: As a parent of four children, all of whom attend
th-e public schools, I wish to submit a vigorous protest againsi the rehabilitation
of the ancient "tried and found wantlng"system of examinations in our public
schools.
In last Monday's Call there appeared a communication from one of the oldest
and best-known teachers, every word of which must haVe struck a responsive
chord in the heart and mind of all parents who in any degree follow the work
done in our public schools.
It happens that I was a pupil in one of the high schools of this State at the
time of the change from promotion by examination to promotion by the recom
mendation s of the teacher. The principal of our lush school at the time was a
man from Columbia College, and he was the direct Instigator of the change in
our city. He appeared before the Board of Education and urged that the teach
er in the grammar and lower grades be made personally responsible for the
pupils promoted from his or her class, He contended that promotions made on
the records, monthly reviews, classroom work and general proriciency of the
child during the year is of far more satisfaction to the teacher about to receive
the child than is the record that he has received (perhaps In return for honest
work, perhaps not) 60 per cent on ten questions.
The principal of whom I speak raised our high school to a standard which
caused it to be one of the first whose graduates were accredited to the uni
versity, and when I afterward entered the public schools of our city as a member
of its corps of teachers 1 found the standard of < xcellence eh vated by the doing
away with examinations. There was less "working for credits." mere work t<>
satisfy the demands of the teacher, who was the one to be satisfied from day t I
day and month to month. Another phase of the subject ta nic Is thai as a pupil
I have seen boys and girls who had done wretched work during the year succeed
in passing an examination by having salient points jotted down on the linen
cuffs, on the under side of an innocent appearing white apron and divers other
•ways (veritably did the cheating become a science), so that even under the never
resting vigilance of the keenest teacher did they gain t!?e required per cent; while
right alongside of them sat children who had done good, honest work, but who
became so nervously wrought up that they bungled their answers and made fail
ures of their examinations, and the record of their year's work and their teacher's
testimony hafl to be called in to pass them to the grade for which they were- in
reality well prepared.
As a mother of children, each, one of whom has always ranked among the
"honoraries," I fully realize that a most unfortunate fact of the case is that
both boys and girls are passing through the stage of most rapid physical de
velopment during the very years devoted to their grammar school work, and
that while to keep up a steady, honest devotion to their work from month to
mftnth does not harm them, six weeks of the feverish, nervous strain which
those children are now under, not to mention the days of examination, is actual
robbery from them of good red blood, which goes to supply the forced draught
they are now under, and which, after their year of study, belongs to them to
"have and to hold."
I believe in the schools being conducted for the "greatest good to the greatest
number," and d<> not believe in punishing the many because a few succeed in
being promoted who should not be. In place of being, as President JBergerot
claimed (according to the newspapers! that the order was a Btep forward, it
certainly is a leap of several steps backward in the work of education.
The trouble is not there. When Superintendent Webster shall have been able
to familiarize himself with the work of such teachers as do not receive the
commendation of their principals, and the Board of Education shall as valiantly
"back him up" as they have in this examination proposition, then will the city
be supplied with good teachers. Until then it will not help matters, any to add
to the burdens the poor children and their parents, as well as the many
faithful teachers, already have to bear.
If to have these examinations this year is inevitable, then at least should the
year's average on monthly examinations, which have doubtless in almost if not
• quite every instance been good monthly tests, stand as a half in making up the
required percentage. Sincerely yours, A MOTHER.
THE TEACHERS' SIDE.
To the Editor of The Call— Some daily papers are saying that the proposed
examination of pupils in our public schools reveals loose methods of teaching,
and that the course of study has been ignored; that now pupils are being pushed
to make up for the deficiency of instructors.
While this may be true of a few it is a libel upon the large majority of teach
ers. As a rule they are hardworking and conscientious. They give more time to
their classes and make greater efforts than is required by their contract. I think
the poorest of them has never been known to sit with her feet on a desk and
read the morning paper for even fifteen minutes after time to begin work, a prac
tice not unknown In any other depa tment of the municipal government.
The real cause of the difficulty over the coming examinations, as I have been
informed by many teachers, is the document known as the "Course of Study."
As it came at first from tho hands of Superintendent Webster it embraced work
in the great m Tiber of books which the old board of malodorous memory desired
to assist the I- ok men to force the people to buy. Besides this, Mr. Webster
was fresh from a high school class and had no knowledge of the capacity of lit
tle children, and since then has developed no aptitude for r, aching down to them.
The department was paralyzed when this course of study firs! reached the
schools, and It was found necessary to revise it before anything could be done.
A second revision had to be made later, and this later one is the circular al
which so much Is now being said. It was sent to the schools at the beginning of
this year and all went to work with might and main to do the best they could
under it.
There were certain pages marked inthe "Advanced Arithmetic"' and "Bail* y's
Mental" and otner textbooks which were to be taught. If a teacher had worked
all day on arithmetic alone she could scarcely have covered the ground, and she
could certainly not have made the little pint jugs before her hold the gallon-sized
problems, for they were at least two years in advance of their ability to reason
What was true of arithmetic was also true pf geography in the lower ir-
They were required to study the earth as a whole, learn its motions, cause of
seasons, zones, climates, winds, ocean currents, products and occupations of in
habitants of the different zones and the different races of men. together with
much more which was as abstract to them as the effect upon the latitude of
Greenwich of the vibrations of the north pole is to most men. But the woman al
the desk took up the ■•Teachers' Burden" ami faithfully did her best to cram all
this down the resisting throats of the children. Then. she presented :. !i <tti to the
principal, who piously examined them upon this ÜBprofitable work and found it
had been well done.
Then the teacher gave a little time— %vhat little, was left— to the easy things
all about us which the children could grasp, and supposed she would have
llvo weeks more tor good sensible bard work to fit them up for another step up
the educational ladder, when the thunderbolt fell in the shape of an order for an
examination. In two weeks or thereabouts she must review all the year's
work, for that winch had been dropped. Mother Nature, kindly to the race, had
permitted to drop out us utterly as n" washed away by the Sacramento in
Rood. She must roll up the balls and wjlly-nilly force them down the throats
of her pupils. For one thing, she, the teacher, is to be Judged by what can be
got from these pupils of bers. Can teachers rightfully be held responsible for
not being able to teach our children what they are too immature to grasp? No;
not though "several principals," with each a fad of her own. has accepted the
fails of others for the pleasure of getting her own particular one into this pre
cious course of study.
Give us a course of study made by one man or one woman who understands
children from the little ones up— not from the top down.
Then teachers are aware how nervous children are and that a very little thing
upsets them. A new teacher is to be put over them while they are passing this
test and one for B '.car accustomed to children a year older than they. A year
is a very long time in the life of a eh d am', means more change thati any of us
who are not t.achers can realize. With his own teacher the child would be much
more apt to tell what he knows, which might be supposed to be what the board
Is after.
This examination will be a strain upon the painstaking children which will
do them infinite haim. And what will it be for the teacher! Faithful, intelligent
work is a thankless task! a. TEACHER.
TWO KINDS OF TREASON.
To the Editor of The Call: There is good food for. thought and reflection in
the editorial appearing in to-day's Call entitled "What Is Treason?" ]t is partic
ularly suggestive of two things— impending danger and the duty of all truly patri
otic citizens to unite in averting it. So wildly enthusiastic over the conquest of
foreign territory are the imperialists of to-day that many of them seem to consid
er it their duty to denounce every man opposed to such a policy as a "traitor."'
By such denunciations the champions of aggression hope to stifle opposition to
the grali game and insure smooth sailing for the greedy, unpatriotic jingoes
who are willing to see every sacred principle of international honor sacrificed for
the sake of their own personal aggrandizement. But it is not supposable that
any honest opponent Of "criminal aggression" who has the courage of his con
victions will be bluffed or intimidated by the senseless cry of treason to the Gov
ernment. The real patriot is composed of sterner stutf.
Now. in my humble judgment, there are two kinds of treason. One kind con
sists of giving aid and comfort to an enemy when our country is engaged in a
just war with a foreign power, or in putting down a rebellion within its own
borders. The other kind of treason consists in repudiating the fundamental prin
ciples on which our government is -founded and seeking t<> substitute theref
for* Igh policy In accordance with the most absolute despotisms of the century.
That is precisely what our wild-eyed critics are doing, though they may no) be
aware of it. Some of them doubtless are ignorant of what man's natural rights
consist of. and they imagine that the code of morals for an aggregation of men
called a nation may safely be different from that which all civilized persons
recognize as binding between man and man. But some of the most vehement
shouters for Imperialistic rule are men of experience In legislation and familiar
with international laws. They know— or certainly ought to know— that the very
essence of popular government is the theory that Governments derive their Hist
powers from the consent of the governed and that a departure from that fun
damental proposition means that our sbip of state is drifting away from her
moorings into the dangerous waters of perpetual war. with all the horrors per
taining to such an abnormal condition. Such men are guilty of treason to liberty,
and when they charge us with disloyalty we should hurl the charge back into
their faces and promptly show who are the real enemies of our country's best
interests. No man who is loyal to liberty, to free government, to equal rights
for all with special privileges to none, to even-handed justice between nations as
well as between individuals, can be disloyal to his country if his Government
Is worth having. Therefore those who charge the opponents of imperialism
with being guilty of treason either do not know what treason is or they admit
by implication that the Government Is a fraud.
I hope and believe The Call will stand by its anti-imperialistic guns through
thick and thin, come what may. The ri^ht must prevail. RALPH HOYT.
San Francisco, May 20.
WHEN THE BOYS COME HOME.
To the Editor of Tho Call— Sir: I have been observing with considerable sat
isfaction and pride the extensive preparations that are being made to give the
First California Volunteers a right royal reception upon their return from Ma
nila. This is right and proper and is only bestowing due honor upon our brave
boys, which they have BO heroically earned on those inhospitable shores. I do not
believe that anything is too g,,<u\ for them; but at the same time 1 would like to
call public attention through your valuable journal to the fad thai "there are
others." On the armed transport Buffalo, which recently arrived in New fork
by way of the Suez canal from Manila, there were several hundred blue jack
ets and marines. They are the men of 1>• wey. who assisted in the destruction
of Admiral Montejo'a fleet of warships and made it possible to land our infan
try. They arp the rvien who saved our Western coast several unpleasant half
hours by the annihilation of lha Spanish Meet of the Pacific, and they held what
they had taken imtiloiir Government sent to their aid transports laden with
soldiers ami supplies. An ; these lads at least a hundred shipped from San
Francisco and neighboring town*, my son being of those from this city. Why not
accord to them a AttlnK reception mid present them also with proper medals."
That would not detraci from the glory of our fighting First, but would show a
larger public generosity and at the same time make many a sailor boy feel
happy. Yours truly, JAMES W. COLLINS, 54 Sixth street.
San Francisco, May 20, 1880.
Marine Firemen's Funds.
Two additional charges of felony em
bezzlement were booked against Patrick
Rogers, ex-financial secretary of ttie/;Ma
rine '■': Firemen's Association, yesterday.
The allegation, is that »he embezzled the
sums of $260 and $300. The charge of i em
bezzling $50 was reduced to misdemeanor
embezzlement •.: in Judge Mogan's : court
yesterday, and Attorney Wilson for the
defendant asked that all charges should
be embodied in one complaint, but the
Judge said he was not in a position to so
4ucdsr.
Poker Cases Continued.
When the cases of the poker players in
the Metropole Clab were called in artin^
Police Judge Groezlnger'a court yester
day they were by conseni continued till
June 2. The suggestion was made last
Wednesday that the defendants should
plead guilty and a nominal fine be imposed.
The cases of the players in the Palace
saloon were called In Judge Graham's
court, and at the request of Attorney Ach,
for the defendants, they were continued
till next Saturday, to ha set.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge T. C. Law of Merced is at the
Lick. • k
General E. C. Humphreys of Denver fl
at the Lick. . *
Lieutenant C. A. McAllister is at the
Occidental.
itenant Jack Parsons, U. S. A., is at
the Grand.
F. Liddeke. a merchant of Centerville,
is at the T.ick.
Lieutenant D. C. Hanrahan, U. S. N., is
at the ( (ccidental.
J. F. Devendorf, a real estate man of
San Jose, is at the <; r
Fred A. Hines, a prominent undertaker
of Los Angeles, is stopping at thi Palace.
Samuel Newman, formi rly secretary of
the Railroad Commissioner:!) under, the
lust regime, and Michael Welch, returned
from Chicago yesterday, where thej at
tended! the meeting of the American
Ticket Brokers' Association, of which
they were elected mi n
James C. Tain - ttlve at the
Grand Trunk Railway system. In charge
of the Pacific Coast Agencj ai Los; An
geles, is in the city. Mr. Talmagft has
come t<> look ov« r the territory in tte in
terest of his mad. He is the s'>n of A.
A. Talmage, recently deceased, who was
one of the big railroad men of his day,
having been first vice president and gen
eral manager of the Wabash system for
years and holding a similar position with
the Missouri Paefic.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 27. -A. GoodmAn ojt
San Francisco is at the Vendonse w
Brett of San Francisco is at the Imp' /
rial- Reginald White of San Francisco is
at the Hoffman; A. W. Merrill of San
Francisco is at the Fifth Avenue; J. B.
Stetson of San Francisco is at the Albe
marle; Dr. C •>• Kenyon of San Fran
cisco i': ; at the Manhattan. Henry A. But
ters wife and daughter, are passengers
on the Umbria, .sailing for Liverpool to
day.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CZAR OF RUSSIA-S.. City. It is es
timated that tb. nue of the
cYar of Russia is $12,000,
FANNY DAVENPORT-J. I. S.. City.
Fanny Davenport, the actress, was b -a
in London, England. July 6, 1829, anc
in Canton, Pa., July 20, 189 L
CEXSr? MARSHAL-A. G.. City. hen
the Census .Marshal for California is
named the announcement will be made in
the news columns of The 1
SUULIVAN-K [L.RAIN— JDafly Subscri
b.-r< City The lipht between John L. Sul
livan and Jak- Kilrain toofc place at Rich
burg, Miss.. July 8, 1889. Sullivan won in
seventy-live rounds.
PAWNBROKER'S CHARGES— IL VL,
City. Pawnbrokers arc not allowed to
charge any more on a small loan than on
a large one. The law Bays that the m
terest that may be charged shall not b»
more than - per cent a month.
MEDALS FOR SOLDIERS - A Sub- 4
scriber. City. Every Callfornlan who en-
listed in the Bervice of the United States.
in whatever branch, during the war. with
Spain, will receive a medal from tne Isa
tlve Sons. 1 committee on medals for the
brave.
TAX COLLECTIOX-A. W. H., Cala-
Cal. A >• ttler anon United States
r,ot pay taxes to the Snr
county "ii hia land so loiig as the patent
has not been Issued to him. hut he is lia
ble to the State or county for taxes on
improvements.
REVENUE STAMPS— S. C, Oakland,
Cal. The following is a complete list of
the denomination of stamps Issued under
■ the war tax law: Documentary—^ lj 2,
3 4 5 10, _'*. [0. 50, 80 cents, $1, tS, S3, $10,
S3O, ?srt: proprietary— V», \i, ?s. %. 1, l%t
-ITS; ", 2^2";:3?i, 4 aud 5 ■•■•'Us.
. COUJPT IN CASINO-iJ. H. K. aid .1.
M.. City. In a game of casino if two^play
ers on the last play have each an' "equal
number of points to make to go out and in
' that play each should score ' an ;,. equal
■ number of points, *he one holding cards
would be entitled to count first and. that
being the case would 0 out." - % - •■-
IS OR ARE— W. 0., City. As in the
nee written, "tons of water*-? is the
prinv : ' Is grammatical t
"five hundred tons of water are evap
-1." If water was the prime i
it would be proper to say, "water to the
amount of 500 tons is evaporated."
POLLTAX— O. S., -Oakland,' Cal. The
fact that a. man is employed on a river w^
steamer in any capacity (except he is a /
Federal officer) does not in California ex
empt him from the payment of polltax
unless he is under 21 or over 60 years of
age, an untaxed Indian, an idiot, a pau
per or an insane person.
TRANSPORTS FROM MANILA— E. H..
City. No one in San Francisco can tell
when the transports thai are to bring
back the volunteers will r. ich port.
Will make the trip from .Manila to San
Francisco In about thirty days. You will
have to watch The Cail for the announce
ment of departure and the vessel will
reach th< in frum
twenty-six to thirty-two days.
THE HKAVY BATTERY— L. C. ii..
City. There is no advice at this time in
this city aa to when the First California
' Heavy Artillery. I*. S. V.. will return to
; San Francisco, nor that it will come with
the Pirei a Volunteers. When
that artillery leaves for San Francisco
the fact wtlJ be made known by telegraph
and it will appear in the news columns of
, The Call.
PEOPLES— H. S., City. "People" is
used when the more exact term, race,
nation or language, would be misleading;
as "the people of J3nglan,d;"' or in the
plural, "the Bantu peoples." Tennyson,
in Locksley Hall, has: "With the stand
ards of the peoples plunging thro' the
thunderstorm." In Revelation, x:2. is:
"And he Bald unto m. . Thou must
prophesy, again before many peoples and
nations and tongues and kings.' ■
LAND TO. SOLDIERS— A. S., Oakland,
Cal. A soldier who served in the war with
Spain is entitled to take up Government
land, but the only benefit he derives is
that he may have the time he served in
the war deducted from the time of resi
dence required on the land. He must take/*.
the same steps to S'^cure the land thatr
•any other citizen would have to take in
the United States Land Office. A soldier
has no authority to sell his right to take
up land. ; .
. — i » ♦ «
The best gift for your Eastern friends,
Townsend's California Glace Fruits, 50c rb
in fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets. 627
■ I Market street. Palace Hotel building. *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepoone Main 10-12. •
Japanese Shoemaker Missing.
T. Hodhimo, 807 Larkin rted
to the police yesterday the disappeaj
of Teisuke Okamote', a Bhoem^ker at 1101
Buchanan street, who lefi l> i homi
il i\ afternoon, leaving a note that he was
going t" commit suicide: He la about. 30
years of age. _
A Work of Art.
The new book. "Wonderland," just issued byv^
the Northern Pacific Railway Company, is the
prettiest (tublicatlon lasued by any railway
company this year. Jt is full of beautiful half
tone illustrations, and contains besides a well
wrltten de«criDtl6n of a trip taken over this
finely eqnlpped line, including a tour through
the •n-.iiukTful V>-! krfc Send 6c in
•damps and it will be mailed to you. T. K.
StaifKr, Oen. Agt., 63S Market St., San Fran
cisco. ■
Rock Island Route Excursions.
■• Leave San j Francisco every Wednesday, via .
Rio Grande and Hock Inland railways. ThrougJ^
tourist Bleeping cars ' to Chicago an.i Boston.
Manager . and poster accompany . these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations an.i further information
address ■ CLINTON i JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Hallway. 624 Market si.. S. S aFair Miss Frisco Visits
The Big 2-Acre Store, cop. 16th and Mission Sts.
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON Miss Frisco started out on a voyage of dis-
:r}', determined to find the store where one can furnish a home with
dainty ana lasting furniture and carpets without the need of a lavish ex-
enditure of money. Coming down toward Mission street she met a bevy of June
brides, and they said: "Come with us to Pattosien's," and she said, "I will."
low happy she was and claimed a great discovery on her part — a big model
Furniture Exposition Building out in the Mission — nothing like it in San
rancisco. So, taking off her hat and seating herself in one of the large rockers
in the furnished cottage on the first floor, Miss Frisco told the brides that after
seeing all these beautiful houseftirnishings so tastefully displayed, she would let
some good chap propose to her and have a nice flat or cottage furnished by Pat-
tosien's, and live happy ever after.
■""•■ ' -.-J*^^'
BOX COUCHES, with patent spring to open and
hold top in position; exclusive here; made to or-
der in our factory— 9B.OO to 920.00.
T,OOO YARDS OF DRAPERY FABRICS.
For Windows and Door Drapes— Fancy Pillow Covers— Furnture Covers,
etc. The Finest Silks, Damasks and Oriental Effects, all 50 inches
wide, at 40c and 50c on the $1.00.
;.0-inrh Tapestry, reversible; worth
will go at .'IT'jC
EO-lnch Oriental Tapestry, reversible; iuit-
: ::rn:tur«> coverings. hanginßS.
. yard; will go at (Kmb
CARPET BARGAINS.
We are making a special drive —
clearing out accumulated odd rolls
and part^pieces at exceptional bar-
gain prices:
51.25 Axminsters at J>."»o
v r.- Extra Tapestry at <»r>«'
$1.10 Worsted Velvets at *."»<•
$1.50 Extra \'.-lvets at 91.10
$1.10 Body Brussels at !»."►<•
$1.40 Best Body Brussels at..51.1.~
1-Wool Ingrains at (>."»«•
ALL ROADS LEAD TO
ORNER I6TH AND MISSION STS., „„ THEATER BUILDING, San Jose,
SAN FRANCISCO. —— — FORMEHLY RUCKER'S,
DEW'S MEN I
ARRIVE ON THE
NAY! TRANSPORT
Ex-Hospital Ship Sol-
ace in Port.
The United States naval transport
Solace arrived from Manila via Yoko
hama and Honolulu early yesterday
morning. She remained in the stream long
enough to land the mall and give her eap
t tin n chance to communicate with the,
shore, after which she went up to the
yard. A report got about at Hono
lulu and was sent here that Brigadier
c-neral King was a passenger. This was
not true, as none but naval men came up i
on the transport.
The Solace brought up 100 time-expired
men. They were in charge of Lieuten
ant Walker, son of Admiral Walker,
Passed Assistant Engineer Emory Win
sliip and Lieutenants Miles C. Qorgas and
Harry Minnett, of the Bennington. were
ngers. Emory Winship was one of
the heroes of the Malabon affair. Ho was
in command of the men and guns eover
inig the landing of the soldiers from the
. an. The Filipinos concentrated
their lire on the detachment under Win
ship and hardly one of them escaped
EX-HOSPITAL SHIP SOLACE. NOW A NAVY TRANSPORT. s
PATTcSIEN'S
OUR FURNITURE DEPT.
/s overflowing with brilliant bargains and good values,
which make shopping elsewhere dull and unprofitable.
WELL MADE DRESSER, oak or mahogany-
finish. French pattern plates, finely Ckf\
finished 51tiJU
30 ODD PARLOR PIECES, from $ft.OO to
* 1 0.00 each — These we think are a snap and we
know that on many pieces the coverings are
worth the price we ask for the entire piece.
Some beautiful creations, and are perfect in every re-
spect—they range in price from $.*>.OO to fine
parlor pieces— #2o. OO each— call and examine
the line.
We are closing out a fine line of WARDROBES
AM) KITCHEN SAFES at prices that you can-
not resist if you need one*
RATTAN ROCKERS AND SUMMER FURNITURE
at very low figures.
ELEGANT COMBINATION BOOK CASE— in fig-
ured oak or mahogany finish, full polish, cast
brass trimmings. French bevel plate mirror, hand
carved, rope trimmings, full swell front GifA 7CL
drawers, two styles — CjiiTti J
Fine Imported French made Tapestry, re-
versible; 50 Inches wide; worth $- 00 a
yard, will go at 91.23
60-lnch Reversible Portiere Fabrics and
Furniture Coverings; worth %- a yard;
will go at #1.."»O
RUG BARGAINS,
Bromley Reversible Rugs. 12x'j
feet 914.25
Art Square Rugs for dining
l uuiiia
3.310, #4.;»(>, .*?(>..">(>, $7.75
Smyrna Door Rugs <>."»<•
Made-Up Brussels' Rugs, com-
plete with borders !<.5.00
Iran Wilton Rugs £13.00
German Axminster Rugs. 1 — AH)
without a wound. Their leader was badly
wounded in Beveral places and has come
home t'i recuperate.
The officers of the Solace are: Com
mander Andrew Dunlap, Lieutenant Com
mander F. w. Coffin, Executive Officer
Lieutenant Harry K!mm«-11. Navigator
Lieutenant w. L. Miller, Ensigns \v. T.
Cluveriua and }•:. n. Campbell, Passed
Assistant Engineer J. M. Plckerall, Sur
geon William H. Hush. Assistant Surgeon
Lippett, Assistant Paymaster Samuel
Bryan
The vessel carries a complement of i^"
men. Commander Dunlap has been' in
j charge since th<- vessel went Into com
mission as a hospital ship. Lieutenant
Commander Coffin was formerly execu
tive officer of the auxiliary cruiser Ni w
York, and Ensign E. H. Campbell was
transferred from the Bennington to the
Solace.
The Solace wa? formerly lhp steamer
Creole of the Cornwall line running be
tween New York and New Orleans. When
the United States purchased her she was
turned into a hospital ship and sent to
Cuba to bring home the sick .soldiers. The
principal hospital ward was forward on
the main deck and had accommodation
I for lUO patients. The main saloon was
i turned Into an operating room, and the
after part of the main deck was made a
promenade for convalescents. Now the
operating room has been converted into
1 wardrooms for the officers and hospital
. and promenade into quarters for the re
turning sailors.
The Solace left New York on February
] last for Manila. While passing through
the Suez Canal and when the transport
, was fifty miles from nowhere one of the
; sailors jumped overboard. A stop was
made at Colombo, Ceylon, on March 10
and Manila on March 22. She Bailed again
I on April 22 and arrived at Yokohama on
1 April 30. She remained there until May 3.
; She reached Honolulu on May 15 and
.-ailed again on the 20tn for this port. The
passage up whs uneventful.
Lieutenant Ollbert, I. S. A., was a
guest of the officers of the Solace from
: Honolulu. .
How would you like to get a good piano
; for $1M? You can at Mauvais', 709 Market
1 street. •
THff SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
All-Wool Reversible Tapestry Brocaded
Velours; satin moire striDes: fine silk
damasks; worth $4 00 and 13 00 a yard;
will go at BU.i!.-»
The finest French Damasks: heavy figured
silk velours: silk Moorish and Egyptian
Tapestry; worth $3 25 a yard: £'•
at ". . . $2.00
'■-■: -■■".-: .' ■
MATTING BARGAINS
BRIGHT AND ATTRACTIVE.
Fancy Okamama Japanese Mat-
tings, in cotton warp, seamless,
exquisite effects for spring and
summer use l£Ot»
Extra Heavy Japanese Mattings,
the very fine kinds, made- exclu-
sively for us ....:tOc
Fine Katora Japanese Mattings, in
blue, white, reds, greens, etc.-;
very choice !>.">e
40- yard rolls Japanese Mattings
.. $U.OO
JURORS' FEES QUESTIONED.
City Attorney Finds No Law Author
izing the Board of Supervisors
to Act.
In an opinion rendered yesterday by
City and County Attorney Lane to the
Board of Supervisors he advises the
board to refuse to audit the" demands of
grand jurors and trial jurors acting in
criminal cases, as he fails to rind in the
Btatutes any authorization for making
Jurors' fees a charge against the city
treasury. In conclusion he says:
"The question is one of such confusion
and doubt that it has seemed to me. in
the interest of the city, that this matter
should be referred to the courts for a
final determination, and to this end, as a
matter of legal form, I advise that you
reject one or more demands of each class
which are otherwise regular in form upon
the cold ground (hat they are without
warrant in law. This course will doubt
less lead to a speedy discovery of the ex
tent to which the Supreme Court Intended
the language of the Hilton-Curry decision
to have application."
Circus Continued.
Commencing yesterday (Saturday)
<',]<-n Park will remain open two days
each week, and the circus performance
will be continued. Miss Elise St. Leon,
the wonderful circus rider, has pre
pared a number of new and difficult
feats of horsemanshiD which she will
introduce for the first time to-morrow
and Sunday. Acrobatic tumbling and
grouping, bounding rope experts, light
and heavy balancing, trapeze perform
ance and trained animals will be some
of the principal features of the bill.
The funny clown will also be there in
some of the riding numbers for the
amusement of the children.
EDSON'S VOTE STILL
SOUGHT BY MR. HERRIN
j
Offered Rebates on His Freight
If He Would Stand In.
Huntington's Original Plan to Control the
Railroad Commission Was Balked by
the Northern Member.
CHAPTER by chapter the story of W. F. Herrin's manipulation 'of , the
State Board of Railroad Commissioners is becoming public property. It's
a tale of blunders, so far as Mr. Heroin's connection goes,' and 1 a tale of
gold bricks as well, for Mr. Herrin has blundered, sadly, and ,' up in the big
building at Market and Montgomery streets it is > whispered : among the
"fourteen heads of departments" that Mr. Huntington, Mr. Herrin's employer,
is quite as well aware of that fact as is Mr. Herrin himself.
Clouded as it has been by a series of political miscalculations, the scheme of \
procedure Mr. Herrin has been pursuing in his relations with his men Friday on
the board (Blackstock and Laumeister), has been difficult to understand.; Mr.
Blackstock's first resolution was one of the things not- easy of . comprehension. ■
Its glaring reflections upon Judge Morrow and the remarkable procedure it pro
posed in applying on behalf of the State for the dismissal of ■ the grain
rate suits in which the State was defendant, won/ not the things expected of
the head of the Southern Pacific's law department, nor, for, that- matter, was
Mr. Blackstock's second resolution. The fact trfat the- resolution. did not rescind
the old grain rate schedule as well as the resolution that provided ■> for it was
another thing that one of Mr. Huntington's ■ self-made heads of ■ departments
should not have overlooked. . •
In the light of most recent developments,' however, there is some excuse for
Mr. Herrin's infractions of Huntington's tenets. Right down at ■ the bottom
a mistake in simple fractions is to blame for it all. If the head of the law de
partment had been afflicted with anything in the line of "higher education, he
would have known that two-thirds do not make a whole, under any circum
stances, and knowing this he would never have thought, he had the whole Board
of Commissioners on his payroll when he had only two of them signed.
Mr. Herrin's original scheme for the control of the board was unique. It
was hatched just before the campaign began last June, and contemplated' tying
up all three of the Railroad Commission • candidates to the railroad's hitching
post. Early in the- game Blackstock and I.aumeister were called to Mr. Herrin's
• office and asked for a declaration of intention. I^aumeister . was so significantly
non-committal that there was no opposition to his candidacy, and Blackstock
was, from all accounts, simply a gift. Ever since. Mr. Blackstock quit .the dea
con business in the Presbyterian, church in Kern County and took to more prof
itable, politics and the law, he has had a hankering for political office. With
the assistance of Mr. Herrin he got it at the subsequent^ election.
Edson was already looked upon as the company's own, without, a struggle.
His freight bills ran up into the thousands of dollars each year, and the com
pany had had opportunity to extend him numerous courtesies, for which he
#-*-^--*-<e>-*-<t>-*-<s>-*-<3> -»-<3>-*- <$~»-3>-#-<S>-*-<3> -4-<£~»-<3> -•-s>-+-<s' ~»~<$-*-<S> -♦-<$>-♦-#
f^ailroad Commissioner E. B.
Edson, Wr;o BalKed tr)e
Best-Laid Plans of W. F.
Herrir).
hart always been deeply grateful. Hervey Llndley, who succeeded Major Frank
Mclaughlin as miPinanaßcr of Han Burns' light to break Into the United States
Senate, and "Jack" Wright, superintendent of the Sacramento division of the
railroad, were detailed <>n his ease, and the reports they sent in to Herrin were
rosy. Nevertheless Edson w;is called in to talk it oveY, and he said he was not
antagonistic to the railroad and would <lo t h«- lair thins. At the present time Mr.
Herrin Js probably sorry he did not pin Edson down to some more substantial
statement.
"Whether or not the railroad spent money in his election Kdson says he does
not know, but that the company did offer to reimburse him for the several hun
dred dollars Bpent in his own behalf is a matter of fact and of record. The
result of the election was scarcely announced before Kdson received from "Wil
liam E. Qerber, cashier of the California State Hank at Sacramento, who was
one. of his political managers, a polite little note telling him in the most mat
ter of fact manner possible to Bend him a statement of the amount he was out
on the election and that it could be arranged with the company so that he
would lie reimhursi d. .he same courteous Intimation was held out to him by
Hervey Lindley, but Edson declined both proffers with becoming thanks, al
though he renewed his assurance of fair treatment.
Then, it is said. Mr. Herrin proceeded with the elaboration of his scheme of
control and operation. Laumeister was selected as the best man on the board to
take up the tight for the "people." Three or four years of virtue in public office
would put him in good shap. to run lor some local office where he could be of
use or to return to the commission if it should chance that he were needed.
Edson and Deacon Klackstock were lined up to stand the brunt of public dis
approval and to come out openly fn cases where the railroad needed votes. Mr.
Herrin did not consult Kdson on the proposition; he merely assumed that it
would go. He did not discover that in Edson, Lindley and Wright had passed
him a gold brick until the first of those secret meetings held at his residence.
That's where Mr. Hcirin first got oft wrong in his fra >tions. Theii came the
meeting at Herrin's house and the board came togethe" with Mr. Huntington's
lawyer to discuss Mr. Blackstock's second report writ! n by Herrin himself and
the resolution that was to relieve tne Southern Pacific of any possibility of be
ing mulcted for the costs in the grain rate cases.
Laumeister had already started his end of the game by declaring in differ
ent quarters' and with considerable nolso that it he should vote for .such a
measure as Blacks! h k's resolution he would be- ashamed to thereafter live in
the State. The plan was outlined to the member from Siskiyou and to the sur
prise of his confreres he flatly declined to stand for it. He said he was willing to
do the fair thing by ihe railroad, but no more, and he said il emphatically. Her
rin saw his well buiided plans tottering at the Bret blow, but he didn't give up.
Or. the contrary he .;et every piece of jtolitical machinery the railroad boasts of
to work to convince Edson that he was on the wrong tack, but when the sub
sequent meeting, of the board came off and the Itlackstock resolution came up
for action Edson stuck to it and voted aye only that he might be in a position to
move to reconsider il at a future meeting.
Laumeister at once quit talking and voted as he was told, and he joined
forces with Herrin in working on Edson. Every attempt was made to swing
him into line. Lindley and Wright gave up about everything else they had to
do and worked with Edson. They followed him from his cattle ranch at Ga
zelle to his room at the Occidental in San Francisco and offered him every in
ducement to get in with his friends. Lindley finally came to him openly and in
timated to him that if he would sign his own way bills and attend to his
own shipping ''things would be all right down below." "He told rru\" said Ed
son. when questioned on the point, "that T ought to get in where I would have
friends, and that if I would do my own billing I would find things made easy
for me down below." Like the election expenses, the free freight was also de
clined.
Finding their own influence not strong enough. Wright got his father-in
law, C. W. dark of Sacramento, to approach Edson while q>n a trip to this city.
Mr. Clark saw Edson again on the Stockton train while on his way to attend
a conference on the "Stockton differential." He besought him to stand in with
the company, as lie knew the resolution was a just- one. His son-in-law, he
said, had told him so. Mr. Edson, however, did not consider the son-in-law com
petent authority, and Mr. Clark's pleadings resulted in as little as did those of
the others. Still confident that Edson would come around. Herrin next lined up
some of the company's heaviest meat shippers who were doing business with
Edson. Tie selected Frank. M off at, the South San Francisco wholesaler, as the
heaviest representative, and Moffat hunted up his man on the evening of the
last meeting of the board. He urged every argument of policy and trade, and
after an hour's talk gave up the job in disgust. Herrin and Lindley are the
only ones left working.
"These fellows are after me all the time," said Edson. "I can't come to San
Francisco but* they come here to the hotel or stop me on the street and want
to make all sorts of propositions. I have no Quarrel with the railroad, "but I
won't give it any more than it deserves. I did not accept their offer to pay
my election expenses for the simple reason that I am able to pay my own ex
penses and have a disinclination to have any one attempt to buy me. I ignored
Llndley's freight proposition for the same reason. I'm friendly with the com
pany and will treat It squarely, but that's all I am bound to do."
lE* PESTHOUSE
BUILDING WILL
BE RESERVED
Provision for Small
pox Patients.
SUPERVISORS TAKE ACTION
DANGER OF INFECTION FROM
RETURNING SOLDIERS.
Lepers Will Be Kept in Their Present
Uncomfortable Quarters for
Some Months at
Least.
Supervisors Aigeltlnger, Holland, Deasy
and Byington, accompanied by Health
Officer O'Erien and Colonel Sullivan, the
Mayor's private secretary, visited the
Pest'house yesterday for the purpose of
inspecting the new building that is be
ing constructed for the accommodation of
the lepers. The contractors having the
work in charge are rushing the work of
construction and promise to have the
building ready for occupancy within ten
days.
Health Officer O'Brien showed to the
Supervisors the necessity of having some
pUiee for the care and treatment of small
pox patients. He said that within the
past few days two cases of smallpox have
been discovered in this city, and that the
Health Department authorities had been
compelled to isolate the patients in priv
ate houses for the very good reason that
there is no place at the Pesthouse where
they can be cared for. He also pointed
out the fact that smallpox may be
brought to this city by the troops re
turning from Manila. Should this be the
case, it would be almost impossible for
the health authorities to prevent the
spread of the disease unless they are pro
vided with faciiites for the isolation and
treatment of patients brought from for
eign shores.
The force of these arguments was so
apparent that the Supervisors promised
for the present to allow the lepers to re
main in their present quarters in the old
building ajid to reserve the new build
ing for the reception of smallpox cases
until such a time as there is no longer
any danger, such as now exists by rea
son of the return of the troops from in
fected ports.
CLARK SENTENCED TO
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
MOTION FOE- A NEW TRIAL IS
DENIED BY THE COURT.
Judge Dunne and Counsel for the De
fense Exchange Compliments.
Other Convicts Sentenced.
Joseph Clark. the murderer of Fireman
Joseph P. Gross, was sentenced to im
prisonment for life in Folsom penitentiary
by Judge Dunne yesterday. Prior to the
passing of sentence a motion for a new
tilal was made on behalf of the defend
ant by his counsel. H. Digby Johnston.
It was denied. Associate Counsel Louis
P. Boaruman took an exception to the
denial and sentence was passed. Clark
was not moved and. the ordeal over, he
took his seat.
The murder for which Clark was sen
tenced to a living death occured in No
vember of last year. He accused his
victim of having betrayed his wife and
ruined his home, and deliberately sought
him out and killed him. These conten
tions entered into the defense, together
with a theory of self-defense, and the
doubt raised in the minds of the jury
thereby Bayed Clark's neck.
During the proceedings yesterday Judge
Dunne referred to the friction between
the court and Mr. Johnston during the
trial of the case. Jiidge Dunne said that
in his opinion any remarks that were
made by Mr. Johnston during the trial
were the result of zeal and not desire to
be contemptuous to the court. Mr. Board
man responded and all unpleasantness
was smoothed over and the matter was
declared closed.
John McDonald, convicted of an attempt
to commit burglary, was sentenced to
two years and six months imprisonment
at San Quentin. Warren Wilson, con
victed of grand larceny, was given a term
of ten years in Folsom.'
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Senator fihoi :rdg3 at A.M.E. Churcli.
There will he memorial services held at
the Starr King A. "M. E. Zion Church, W)5
Stockton street, to-day, at 8 p.m., in
honor of those who lost their lives in the
late Civil War. Charles M. Shortridßc of
San Jose and State Senator of Santa
Clara County has kindly consented to be
present and" deliver the address of the
evening. All Grand Army men and the
general public have been cordially Invited
to be present and participate in the exer
cises. A special programme has been pre
pared for the occasion.
®f®+® ♦ ®+® ♦ ® +®+® ♦ ®+®+® ♦ ®*®+® ♦ ®+ ®+® ♦ ®+® ♦ ®+®+® ♦ ®+®+ ®
I Hi # OUR LEADER $15!
* /( l^w^^^ Suit llke cvt ' made at our factory by ♦
®-. // JO^3Jll\ WHITE LABOR; all lap teams and strictly %
%' // Mf^misiMWbi tailor made; made of ALL-WOOL black ®
I — tra • J^if ffi ' and navy blue Cheviot Serge, also navy ♦
® II ■^S^ra|-I| blu2 tan and black Venetian Cloth, which +
fn M*m<\ (\ aFe shrunk and sponged before being ®
® *~~* < * > M<fflll '■'' I*^"niade ■up Jacket full iilk-lined; seams 0
"♦" i^W.y^l stitched with 3 rows of silk thread stitch- t,
% ' A&HBv : ing; Skirt new ffar:l * ar: shape; perfect fit ♦'
® fMi'k l'^"^ guaranteed; an opportunity to get a HIGH-
1 -^BlS^fli GRADE TAILOR SUIT AT LOW PRICE. ®
<•} -'^Bjfflfsihsis%s':Ktii' Country 01 ders solicited. Send bust, waist (j
4- fS l^ '^% JS^a an^ 5^ /r ' m.asuretnent. >
® ' */^^»|^ftafc- : :'yyii See Special Sale Wash. Waists,. sOc to $2. 50 '%
1 SPECIAL SILK WAISTS. SPECIAL WRAPPERS. |
* , Silk Waists in Plaids. Stripes, Oup entire stosk of Ladies' <|
2 Black and Solid Colored Taffetas; Wrappers fop two days at a ♦
come in all latest shades and great sacrifice made of Flan- ?
■w, new i,.^ combinations"; not '• one nelette, Percales, Dimities and (
+■:-. waist .among them that is not Lawns nicely trimmed ; : worth <|
f this season's style ; a Rare Bap- $1.50, $2.00, $2 25, $2.50 and >
® gain Monday, and (PA en ! $3.00. Monday and QCp %
| Wednesday only qr*»OU Wednesday VOV, ?
-£*" S ' ,' ''- — ' ■ — ••• V. ". ' , . : : 2
g V ....STORE CLOSED TUESDAY . . . . -f
$; : ■■;;.':/ ./ . ; "~— _ " ; ;' | :
! 16-18-20 GRANT AVENUE. |
Between Market and Geary Streets. >
®>®-f® ♦ ®+®+® -f ®-f® -f ®>® >® 4- ®X 5) ♦« + ® -f®-f® -f ®4<S-f® ♦ ®4® > ®4®4<£
ANGLO-JAPANESE
PUPILS GIVEN
DIPLOMAS
Eight Graduates From
the Local School.
AN INTERESTING PROGRAMME
ANNUAL COMMENCEMENT EX
ERCISES ARE HELD.
Principal Nakatsuka Delivers an Ad
dress on the "Responsibility of
the Scholar to Society."
Novel Features.
The Anglo-Japaneso School held its an
nual commpnrptnent exercises at the Jap-
anese Methodist Episcopal Church. 1:529
Pine street, last bight The aim of this
school is to ground the students in En
glish and lit them for American institu
tions. The present attendance is over a
hundred and the school is a great suc
cess.
A programme of exercises had been es
pecially prepared by V. Nakatsoka, prin
cipal of the school, and a large audience
gathered to witness the graduation exer
cises. The following were graduated from
the day school: Hlroshi Kubb, Kintaro
Miyazaki and Seiichi Xaya.
The evening department presented diplo
mas to Yasutaro Kirishi, Hiioshi Kishi,
Jemnosuke Okwachi, Mantaro Harada
and Simichi Takehara.
Dr. M. C. Harris, piesiding elder of the
Japanese Methodist colony, presided at
the exercises, which were as follows:
Hymn, "All Hail the Power"; prayer, Rev.
Principal "Y. Nakatsuka.
S. Kawashima: Sonpture reartinp. Rev. H.
Saijo; address cf »#(irae, H. Kubo: recitation,
•■The Bunker Hill Monument r'inished," M.
Harada; recitation, "Brutus' Addieas." I. Tak
ahama; address, "Trades Relation." K. Mi
yazaki; duet, K. Naiita, B, Mayama: recita
tion, "Supposed Speech of John Adams." .1.
Oknwachi: recitntion. "Abraham Lincoln." H.
Fujita: recitation, "nic National Flag." 11.
Kishi; solo. K. Narita: address, "Responsibil'
ity o r the Scholar to Society, ' V. Nakatauka;
distribution of diplomas nnd prised; ad
dress, Ron. Count H. Untsu: address. Dr.
M C. I lai ri.~ ; souk, "A Son;; Of Home"; bene
diction.
The bookbinder ;m<: every trade
Whose goods, at leather are made.
We kindly Invite you all to come.
See "Pegamoid," Chronicle buiMine, No. 61.
A Bicyclist Injured.
W. H. WlHeman, an employe of the
Standard Oil Company in Oakland, was
ridinp his bicycle on (lolTlen Gate avenue
yesterday morning, and at Octavia street
he ran into a wagon that was crossing the
stivet. He was thrown from his wheel,
and when taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal it was found that both "oones of the
left arm belcw the elbow had been frac
tured.
78
SUPERVISORS READY
TO BETRAY THE CITY
Will Submit to the Outrageous Demands
of the Railroad.
Market-Street Company's Franchises to Be
Passed to Print — The Betrayal
Vigorously Denounced.
The people of this city will witness
to-morrow a unique spectacle. They
■will see themselves betrayed, as they
have been many times before, and their
rights grossly violated by the Board of
Supervisors, but the outrage will be
perpetrated with a full knowledge of
its meaning and in the face of public
indignation. Supervisors have been
bribed before, but the people of the city
have generally learned of the commis
sion of the crime only after thp of
hecame local history. Municipal
offi( lala have been guilty of gross of
s, but the facts have become pub
public property only when the time for
r«drcss had pass* d and <ondeninati>>n
was little more than an idle formality.
But to-morrow a majority of the
Fnarfl °f Supervisors intend to commit
an almost unparalleled outrage upon
the city, ;ind they know, with shame
ful knowledge, that the people of San
Francisco are perfectly aware of what
is to be done and why. The combina
tion which rules the Hoard of Super
visors intends to-morrow to indorse the
recommendation? of the Street Commit
tee in reference t» the franchise? asked
by the Market Street Company and to
give to the corporation the enormously
valuable privileges which have been
demanded and which' should not be
granted. The Supervisors understand
thoroughly that their action will be a
betrayal of the city to the corrupt de
mands of the agents of C. P. Hunting
ton. The Supervisorial combination,
■which will close the deal to-morrow,
knows that the city will be robbed of
enormous revenues by seven official
votes, and that municipal authority will
l«e given to indorse a public outrage.
Members of the clique are aware that
the Market Street Company, with the
votes of seven Supervisors, intends to
rh^at the city, rob the treasury of hun
dreds of thousands of dollars, defeat
the operation of the charter in some of
its most essential features and destroy
a competition that could not be other
wise than beneficial to San Francisco.
The Supervisors know these facts and
Fn do the public. Nevertheless a ma
jority of the Board of Supervisors in
tends to-morrow to give the Market
Street Company all it asks. The peo
ple of the city certainly have a right
to ask why.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors has already acted favor
ably upon the petition of the Market
Street Company for certain franchises
which, if granted, will remain for fifty
years as a stain upon the record of
public officers. The character and the
purpose of these franchises have al
ready been discussed. That they should
be granted seems an outrage- nothing
U ss than a crime, but the combination
in the Board of Supervisors has bowed
to the blandishments of Herrin and in
tends to pass the recommendations of
the Street Committee to print to-mor
row.
The majority members of the board
have assumed an attitude of desperate
unconcern. They know the iniquity of
the action which they will take to
morrow. They are perfectly aware that
th^ sentiment of decent citizens is
against them, but they are impervious
to the shafts of criticism and refuse
even to discuss their own prospective
action. They believe that their term
of official life, because of the charter,
will expire with the year and they are
determined to make the most of it.
So eager are they to obey the com
mands of the Market Street Company
that they are planning how to circum
vont any effort which may be made to
prevent The outrage that they intend
to inflict upon the city. They fear that
some member of the board who is not
a party to their plot, and who in de
cency to his constituents will vote
against the petitioned franchises, .will
change his vote and ask for a recon
sideration. If this is done the major
ity will simply decide to adjourn to an
other hour of the same day or to an.
early hour of the next day. This will
permit the schemers to carry their plan
into execution without delay, as timt
is now a vital factor to the Market
Street Company. No franchise may be
granted within six months of the end
of the present official term and the be
ginning of the charter regime. The
Market Street Company cannot afford,
therefore, to wait very long.
The majority members of the Board
of Supervisors have been correctly in
formed in reference to the policy of the
minority. When the unjust franchises
are passed to print a motion will be
made for a reconsideration, but it will
be made to the "next regular meeting"
and not to the "next meeting." If the
reference were made to the next meet
ing the majority could meet when it
pleased and complete its work. If the
reference be to the next regular meet
ing the champions of honesty in public
office will gain at least a week in which
to secure for their cause the pressure of
public opinion.
Only such an influence, it is expected. '
will have any weight. Representative j
citizens, aware of the outrage which is !
about to be perpetrated on the city, j
have already begun the campaign. They ;
have met in various parts of the city in '
mass meeting to condemn the outrage- !
ous demands of the Market Street Com- \
pany and to denounce the prospective i
action of the Supervisors. The city
knosvs what has been planned as a be
trayal of Its rights, and the peaple in- I
tend to give free expression to their '
opinions of the men who have been per- I
suaded, by whatever means they care !
to suggest, to sacrifice their own honor '
and the city's privileges. A meeting of
indignation was held last night by the i
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs, and no pains were spared to in- j
form the derelict Supervisors that the .
motive of their policy is thoroughly un- j
derstood. Another meeting will be held
to-morrow night and committees will
wait personally upon the Supervisors to
ask them for an explanation of their
intended action. Everything possible j
will be done to avert the outrage and
the infliction of new indignities by a j
[corporation which has hitherto defied
! every effort to induce it to be decent.
DENOUNCE SUPERVISORS.
Indignant Missionltes Say Caus
tic Things and Hint at the
Hemp Remedy.
The Federation of Mission [raprove
mr-nt Clubs hold a rousing Indignation
meeting last nitrht in the hall <>f the
I Fairmount Improvement club on
' Chenery i assumed a position
of decided opposition to the action of
thf Street Committee of the Board of
Sup- rvisors In reporting favorably on
the proposition to grant the .Southern
Pacific iiaiiroad Company franchises
which are said to be north in the
ghborhood of jiri.niio.ooo.
ning with Indignation because the
Street Committee absolutely refused to
allow them to explain the vast Injury the
granting of these franchises would "work
' to the residents of the Mission district,
: particularly the much sought franchise
ay a double track railroad through
the Mission district to the southerly line
of the county, the members of the dif>
; ferent clubs assembled to vent their
t wrath on the members of the board who
i have arrayed themselves against the
' P<-"|>le.
The speakers handled thf> lash unmerci
. fuily. and every supervisor who voted in
; favor of granting the franchises was the
recipient or' a scorching denunciation.
j Several of the members of the federation
' went so far as openly to d«-clar* tiK-ir
j willingness to present themselves at the
Hm-etii;;,' of the board to-morrow afternoon
armed with a cml of hemp. This rasl
I deola ration on the part of some of the
members brought forth round after round
of hearty applause. When the excitement
had reached its highest pitch Bernard
Joost arose and. with a tremor of pent-up
rage in his voice, said:
"Gentlemen, if the members of this fed
eration desire to lynch these shameless
: wretches the Jonst Hardware Company
I will furnish you the rope free- of charge
; and be delighted to do it.'
Mr. Joost's considerate offer brought P.
; Harrington, one of the prominent mem
| hers of the Potrero Improvement flub, to
his fft.-t. and that gentleman deliver
1 oration condemning both the Supervisors
and the Southern Pacific Company that
literally "burned with caustic criticisms.
[Mr. Harrington has beer, interested in the
! expansion and prosperity of the munici
pality for yean hack, and he is excep
i tionally well informed on all matters r>.-
--i lating to the graining of franchises. He
; went over the whole ground thoroughly,
| going back to the time when the Southern
I Pacific Com] i was granted by the State
; 120 acres of land at Third and Townsend
I streets, which it was supposed to use as
a terminal for its road. That was thirty
years ago. and at that time the railroad
company practically agreed to enter the
city alone the bay shore route and aban
j don the present route through the densely
populated Mission district.
"When the railroad company was given
these valuable lands." declared Mr. llar-
I rington. "they agreed to abandon the
pri sent meth« d of entering the city, but
they have never attempted to utilize the
franchise which they have on the bay
shore route. The Mission district is per
haps the most thickly settled portion of
otir city, and we are certainly entitled to
; at least a hearing before the Supervisors
on this matter. These trains which run
I through our streets, menacing the lives
of our families, have been operating long
enough. The people of the Mission dis
trict have always harbored a steadfast
opposition to the granting of a franchise
which would make it possible for th--
Southern Pacific to lay double tracks,
and they are opposed to it now more than
ever. These shameless Supervisors should
be tarred and feathered and then strug
I up. They have undertaken a thieving
lob that will be somewhat of a tax on
their nerves before they get it through.
The people are becoming tired of being
hoodwinked year after year by dishonest
Supervisors, and I think the time has
come when they are willing to use vioient
measures if necessary to preserve their
| dr. Mclaughlins great work, i
I He Has Lifted Suffering Humanity From Slavery to Heroic Man- 1
1 hood— He Has Enabled Them to Regain Health and Strength, |
I and Given a Deathblow to the Use of Poisonous Drugs. |
S^ • . .. — — . ■ — — — • ■•'... -^2
% /^^^ Health is the basis of all happiness: It is worth more than riches, for the rich 3
£ wi^'^% man is unhappy without it. Money alone will not bring happiness, but will purchase 3
% 5111; the means to make you happy — health. It has been proven by the greatest scien-
g ■jg^gßK^M'S' *' sts a^ all health depends upon the vital force in the body. This is the power that if
keeps up the activity of the Kidneys, Liver, Stomach and other vital parts. When it is =|
|= g 111 l lost by disease, excesses or dissipation the vitals grow weak and ill-health follows. i|
SH^HHh^ VITAL force is electricity. I
|Sfe^^^^^^K^^ This was known to old physicians thirty years ago, and the fact (^||J 1
£ was used by Dr. McLaughlin upon which to found his now famous \ ~7r
|c ]m%^ffW||W wfi Flfintnn Belt. Years ago it was a success, and its cures numbered \ i
mUm l ii/iM^B IflSl in the hundreds To-day many thousands praise it. 'Not a hamlet in/^V ./ \ 3
i mMKwmM SBl the United States but has one or more cures by it. V—^>^ 7 1
i Wl DR - MCLAUGHLIN'S electric belt . ' yC z^/ %
'^ 4iHH/'- ; ''' ffffli 111 Is praised the world over for its power to give strength and health to the weakened body. r^.^i^Ki 3
£: J^Hfl fIf MSI 111 It cures pain by removing the cause, and. builds up vital parts by restoring the power they |g^%^ML %
|®l Jill|if ' A FREE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," : . 1
E ...yilllll Will be sent : : t0 any -man who desires to regain health and manly vigor. It is worth its W -.. i T 2
£ weight in gold to any man. It is full of truths regarding the cause and cure, and gives hundreds of grateful testimonials. - 4r^ / I 5
£ Gall and try this famous cure. It will make your future happy. If you cannot call send for my book. Dr. McLaughlin VAC? fl \ 2
I |E also publishes a book for women, entitled "Maiden, Wife and Mother." Send for it. Address \A~ '/ /
IS TIP M A MpT ATTHHTTN 702 Market. Cor. Kearny; San Francisco, and ' - -JK«S^S«S?St*» \ IU4 i
|g JL/JLI« xrx* xi.» xixXjJLJtX. U V^xxXJXii, Cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. • it is mailed free. • Ay A 3
j jjj Office hours— B a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ," A M 11
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
rights, as did the citizens nf Chicago
when the Aldermen of that city attempt
ed to put through the Yerkes deal.
"The Southern Pacific people are trying
to freeze out the San Mateo line," con
tinued the speaker, "and if we stand by
! our guns they cannot do it. I was out to
! Oassidy's quarry the other day, and. on
looking over the ridge I saw a roadbed
• ready for the rails. It was the Mission
; street road, sw.d it was built there by this
■ grasping monopoly simply to freoz-j oat
the San Matej road, which has done much
to build up this district out hero. There
is scarcely o foot at land from the buy
I shore to the Seal Rocks that does not lie
long to the railroad company or the
Crockers. And now they want to saddle
aonther burden upon the people out here,
and they exepect to do. it through the
medium of dishonest Supervisors. This
outrage calls fur a united opposition on
the part of the people of the Mission."
After Harrington finished he. was ac
! corded a rousing reception. T. V. Slevin,
: Gust Schnee, George Center, August Lil
i lie, W. J. Cuthbertson and Chairman Sta-
I der addressed the meeting and denounced
the proposed action of trie Supervisors.
T. B. Slevin, A. S. Lillie, W. J. Cuthbert
son, G. Schnee and C. Stader were dele
gated to visit the homes- of the Super
visors who have arrayed themselves with
the corporation and invite them to be
present to-morrow afternoon at Mangels
Hall, corner Twenty-fourth and Potrero
avenue, where another indignation meet
ing will be held. In inviting the Super
; visors the committee have been instructed
to state to them that the reason they
have been specially requested to attend ■
is to give them an opportunity to ac
knowledge the influence which induces
them to betray tue people. It is not ex
pected that the members of the commit
tee will find many of -the Supervisors at
home when they call this morning. The
following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, The Southern Pacific Company
is anxious to lay a double track railroad
from Third and Townsend streets through
the Mission districts to the southerly line
of the county of San Francisco, and the
petition of said Southern Pacific has been
favorably reported by the Street Committee
of the Board of Supervisors; and
Whereas, The residents of the Mission dis
tricts of the city and count) of San Fran
| cisco realize that the present route of said
railroad has been mainly instrumental in
' causing a depreciation in property values,
I and the passage to and fro of trains, with
the smoke, whistles and noise, have caused
I an insufferable nuisance to the adjoining
property owners, shaking the foundations
of their homes and compelling their sick
to be removed from the sounds of the un
j earthly shrieks of the engine whistle and
the rattling of the wheels. over the rail*.
' which also cause general discomfort: and
Whereas, It is the general belief that a
double track will result in the doubling of
the dancers, abuses, annoyances, and will
further depreciate our interests; and
Whereas. The Increased speed with which
the Southern Pacific proposes to operate Its
trains will greatly increase the danger to
life and property; and
Whereas, The said Southern Pacific Com
pany was given permission by a franchise
granted In IS7I to operate a railroad upon
the east bay shore of San Francisco, which
It has failed to do; and
Whereas. The permission asked by the
Southern Pacific Company to lay a double
track- is simply a subterfuge under which
1 the said company is seeking a franchise
which it is our belief they do not possess,
it having been ascertained that the said
railroad company was never granted the
privilege of operating its trains across the
sidewalks of public streets in the Mission
district; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs, representing one-third
of the area of San Francisco and 33 per cent
of the residents, do hereby earnestly protest
aca.lnst the granting of a franchise or per
missiivi to the said Southern Pacific Com
pany to lay a double track railroad through
and in the midst of the thickly settled por
tion of the city to our great annoyance and
to the danger of our lives and to the detri
ment and Injury of our property.
Resolved, further. That the Federation of
; Mission Improvement Clubs hereby urge the
Hoard of. Supervisors to order the Southern
Pacific Company to remove their rails from
j the present route of said railroad and oper
! ate the same upon the bay shore according
| to oft-repeated promises to the people of
the Mission.
Resolved, further. That the attention of
the Board of Supervisors be called to the
present violation of a city ordinance by the
Southern Pacific Company In operating its
trains over the sidewalks of public streets
therein, and we urge the removal of said -
tracks and the cessation of said offense.
Resolved.- further. That a committee of ten
be appointed to wait on the Board of Super
visors on Monday afternoon. May 29, 1899,
to present these resolutions and urge that
the petition of the Southern Pacific Com
pany be promptly refused.
Resolved, further. That a copy of these
I resolutions be furnished each of the daily
; . papers.
In' compliance -.with the provisions of
| the resolution a committee of ten was ap
| pointed to wait upon the Mayor and
! Boacd .of Supervisors at their meeting
Monday and urge the rejection of the
! Southern Pacific Company petition. It
I was unanimously decided to forward the
. following petition to the board, as draft- ;
j ed and presented by Gust Schnee:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors-
Gentlemen: The Federation of the Mission
Improvement Clubs, representing twelve im
provement clubs in the city and county of San '
Francisco, and who own fully one-third of the i
. property- in the city and county, respectfully
requests . your honorable body to defer action
on the matter of granting franchises to the
Southern Pacific Company and to re-refer the !
entire, matter to the Street Committee of your
j board so that the people of the Mission, who j
I are the most interested parties to the transac
tion, and whom the Federation represents, may
have an opportunity to appear before your !
board and explain In detail the vast injury the
granting of these franchises would work.
■ : ■'•/•'' .'''■■-■ '/ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
1 or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission. I
THE DEVIL IN
CHICAGO AND
SAN FRANCISCO
Thrives in Both Cities.
Says Dr. Henson.
TOLD IT TO THE BAPTISTS
CONVENTION DISCUSSES SYSTE
MATIC GIVING.
A Morning Session, an Afternoon of
Pleasure and an Evening Recep
tion at Emanuel
Church.
Rev. P. S. Henson, the Chicago divine,
noted alike for his quick wit, keen judg
ment and broad intelligence, is positive
that there is a devil. Dr. Henson has ar
A POWER IN THE COLORED CHURCH.
REV. SAMUEL W. BACOTE. A.8.. D.D., of Kansas City. Mo., who is in the
city attending the Americin Baptist convention, is a graduate of Benedict
College, Columbia, S. C. University of Kansas City. Kans., and of Rich
mond (Va.) Theological Seminary. He is ex-president of the Marion (Ala.)
Baptist Institute, and is now pastor of the Second Baptist Church, Kansas City,
Mo. It is the largest and finest colored church in the West, having a member
ship of more thun 1500 and seating 2300. This <■■ Aggregation raised in the past
four years more money than any colored church In th< world for thai li vert h of
time, the amount being $80,000. L>:\ B I fill the pulpit a Ihi I a. M. E.
Church this morning at 11 o'clock. Rev. W. B. Anderson, the pastor, extends a
cordial invitation to everybody. Seats free.
rived at that conclusion after a residence
in Chicago and a two days' stay in this
city, and imparted his knowledge on the
subject of his Satanic Majesty to the
American Baptist Publication Society
at its morning session yesterday.
The reverend gentleman too.k occasion
to bring out this information in the course
of his able address on "Financial and
Theological Correlations." Besides ad
vancing his theory and conclusion Mr.
Henson said;
I don't tliink it is a Bin to be rich, but I do
thtnk it is a sin for a man not to be rich if he
has had an opportunity. I' don't believe that
Lazarus went to heaven because he was poor,
but because he was pious. We Baptists have a
great many rich men with us, and I wish we
had more, because we have greater opportuni
ties to use money than ever before.
We have been crying for "open door," open
ports and the razing of walls which closed us
out. The Lord has seen tit to open the doors,
the ports and let us press through the breach
in the walls and press and rush over the iand
as Joshuas men did when the walls of Jericho
fell. I don't know much about the flag being
flown wherever it ii flung out, but where the
banner of Christ is flung out there, it should
stay forever.
Everything is hopeful now. The farmers are
paying their mortgages and getting good prices.
Financial affairs have taken a new heart, but.
what is the matter with our missionary treas
ury? I'll tell you. There is no system, and
that i« what we must have.
And oh, these moderns with their "advanced"
ideas and easy methods of disposing of all
vital questions! Hear them say:
"Man is not so much a sinner as he is unfor
tunate. Let him alone. It Is heredity. He is
going throueh an evolution. He does not de
serve a hell, hut a hospital. Give a man a
chance to save himself, to work his p.issuge to
heaven.- If it's anywhere it Is here. As for
hell! Hell is nowhere."
But for all that there is a hell and a devil.
I know it. I have lived in Chicago. Yes, and
I have met him here in San Francisco during
my brief sojourn.
The important business feature of the
morning was the report of the commission
on "Systematic Beneficence," whi< h was
laid before the convention by Rev. Dr. T.
J. Morgan, the acting secretary.
The report showed that the ?um of
$319 25 had been received during the year,
and $315 94 had been expended for carry-,
ing on the work of the commission. Thf
object of the commission is to introduce
into the churches an orderly plan of giv
ing. The commission was first organized
May 23, 1899, to continue three years. As
the" work has been only partially organ
ized, the commission asked that it be
given authority to continue for three
J < .irs DQOI c.
Following the reading of the report,
there was a brief discussion, participated
in by Rev. Mr. Quick of Massachusetts.
Rev. Dr. Morehouse of New York and
others. Dr. Morehouse offered the follow
ing 1 motion, which was adopted:
"That It is the sense of those present
r< pr< senting the societies and the
churches that it is desirable that the com
mission on systematic beneficence be con
tinued for three years mure in accordance
with the recommendations of the commis
sion, its work to be along the same lines
and such other lines as experience may
suggest. Further, that this recommenda
tion be reported to the various branches
and boards of the church."
The closing address of the session was
by Rev. Dr. E. R. Chivera, president of
the Baptist Young People's Union. His
subject was "An Enlarged and System
atic Beneficence." • Mr. Chivers said in
part: ' .
■• Christian Riving is at once a duty and a
sra'cet touches- the spiritual life at its very
-print- The prayer meeting Is the thermometer
t.y which we gauge the warmth and fervor of
the church. So beneficence is the gauge by
which we determine the zeal with which the
work of the church is being carried on. , _
The receipts from the churches during: the
last decade have been very much greater than
the rerelnts for any previous decade. We are
ZFLSSS th°e n r^ur h vu h P on d 'which ha we
m Th h firmed is a fresh fervor of spiritual
Uf™ our churches. We need to lay emphasu.
on our Christian, obligation ami ■* i ™" a *™%
We need ' baptized pocketbooks. We need,
thirdly, wise methods of receiving ana 018
--tr Emrnynuel Baptist Church was crowded
last night at the reception to the Baptists
attending the anniversaries. Pastor J.
George Gibson was assisted *n receiving
the guests by the following "ception com
mittee: Mrs. R. W. Moore, Mrs. Edw ard
Kennedy. Mrs. George Keeler, Mr&_H.
Snook. Mrs. A. Spalding, Mrs. A. Magee,
Mrs. A. T. Shjow. Mrs. B. G. Corwi n. Mrs.
M J. Hills. Mrs. E. Worth. Mrs. S. A.
Cox and Mrs. A. B. Clark. Koallt :
The church and chancel were beauti
fully decorated by the King Daughters,
under the direction of Mrs. J. A. I nder
hill, assisted by Miss Lollta Welch, Mrs
M. Young. Miss Ethel Young and Miss
Lottie Underhlll. .
The programme was in two arts -. trie
first being rendered in the Sunday school
room. At 9 o'clock the guests adjourned
to the church proper upstairs.
Following is the order of exercises:
Selection, orchestra; Ladies' Quartet. Mrs.
McClunle, Mrs. Craig, Misses Mabel an. Edna
Craig: selection, orchestra; . barytone r'.lo, the
pastor, (a) "Glory to Christ Our King'" (Low
ing), (b) "Beautiful Isle" (Fearis): selection,
orchestra; selection on pipe organ, (a) Russian
March" (Clark)." (b) "Offertory" (Reed): bary
tone solo, Russell Lowry. (a) "Fear Not O
Israel" (Beuck). (b) "The Palms" (Faure);
organ. "Inflammatus" (Rossini); barytone solo ;
the pastor, (a) "Shout Forth the Ttalnjrs
(Gounod), (b) "The Guiding Star" (Meredith):
organist, C. M. T. Parker, organist of Trinity
Presbyterian Church. .; ... ■, ; ./,
WILL ROW AND SWIM
IN EL CAMPO WATERS
At the last meeting of the regatta com
mittee of the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Tnion the new rule'that
each club send three representatives in
stead of one, as was previously the case,
came into operation.
The programme of the regatta to be
held at El Campo on June 25 was dis
cussed. There will be senior, intermediate
and junior barge races and special prizes
for barge and Whitehall races among boys
belonging to schools in the Academic
Athletic League. The whitehalls will be
pulled by two boys, each with a pair (.i
sculls, and will carry a cockswain. An
event that is expected to excite much in
terest and keen competition is a cuttor
race for crtws of eight men, with cock
swains, from the Naval Reserve, naval
or merchaut ships of any nationality.
Thert will also be senior and junior out
rigged skiff events, a race for canoes pro
iielled by slngle-bladed paddles and a re
lay swimming race between teams of ten
men each from the Lurline, Olympic and
Boat clubs. ,
Victor CagUerl of the Dolphins returned
to the city on Thursday and will resume
his place in the intermediate barge crew,
which will row both in the intermediate
and senior r:ic.s on regatta day. W . O.
Patch will take the bow seat. \ . Caglien
will be No. 2. George Baker No. 3 and A.
W Pape stroke. Owing to the number
of events to take place in June, the long
promised ladies' day will be deferred till
July. .
THE FAST SWIMMERS
WILL BE CONTESTING
The entries for the swimming contests
at Sutro Baths on Sunday are:
Fifty-yard dash, novice— B. Berry... R. Bed
ford B Emerick. J. V. Carroll, A. Beyfuss,
"Hund^ed^ir.i dash, juveniie-G. Wallace. W.
Hurley. T. Guerin. O. Beyfuss, C. Donovan,
W. Connolly.
High diving for boys-C. Jonrs. G. .Cane. V\
Hoffman, D Harris. M. Sullivan TV -Hurley.
Tub race, three prizes-F Baken M. Uar
diner, C. Augustus, A. Beyfuss, H. fetelljes.
E Bever O Ehrman, W. Yarrow. E. v\ ells,
C." Schwartz. W. Phillips. G. Kane.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving— «... Don
ovan G Wallace, G. dough, E. Winfield, C.
Strohlin G. Duran. G. Walcott. M. Dibert,
J Sullivan. A. Bajtriatori. C. Baciealupi.
A special 120-yard race for a silver medal
between R. Dahl" F. Duran, D. Carroll, E. Bon
ifield. G. Wallace and C. Donovan will also
take place.
Alfred A. Tobin Married.
On Tuesday evening last Alfred A. To
bin was married to Mis* Anna Shea at
Holy Cross Church. Bpth groom and
bride are well known in tthis city and the
weddinp was well attended. The young
couple are now at Del Monte, where they
will spend their honeymoon.
Some unusual bargains in pianos can be
had at Mauvais", 769 Market street. *
DR. KILMER'S REMEriES.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the won-
derful new discovery in medical sci-
ence, fulfills every wish in promptly
curing kidney, bladder and uric acid
troubles, rheumatism, and pain in the
back. It corrects inability to hold wa-
ter and scalding pain in passing it, or
bad effects following use of liquor, wine
or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and
the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases.
■; If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in
50c and $1 sizes. You may have a sam-
ple bottle of this wonderful new dis-
covery and a book that tells all about
it, and its great cures, both sent abso-
lutely free by mail. Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. V, When
writing mention that you read this
generous offer in The San Francisco
Call. ___
l IIIWH J"M
M&> m m wB .'. . ■ ■ ■
ijr^fek^^> JP*^ Ino KNIFE or PAIN
x \ *$$P?&>K **° Pa V ""tii GllikQ
3^ woman's breast fs
A^^^^^^k WO PP.BQOX SEHT FREE.
"ftuJT-r-^ *§B&'<s 'thousands I have Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
SECOND SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Irhalation Method.
THE AIR IX EVERY ROOM IS .-ATI-R-
-ated with a germicide. The patient lives in
an atmosphere that positively kills the germ
of tubercul >sls. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
falls to normal, and four weeks" treatment in-
variably Increases weight from six to twenty
pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Limp Specialist,
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: ' "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
_J \
i"
Ist Stage.. 34 29 5 0 M
: • ;
2d Stage.. 36 12 .22 I I 38
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 I 30
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing th»
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment, for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. The
Sanatorium Is lighted by gas and heated by
steam 'and open fires. The rooms — over 100 In
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Log Angeles, surrounded .by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees aii'J shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, 'croquet grounds
are free for use of patient?. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet,- containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed frea
an application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL, SANA-
TORIUM CO., San Gabriel. Pal.
■ ii
A POPULAR MAN
With the ladies is he whose linen is al-
ways irreproachable in its neatness and
exquisite laundering. Your Madras and
percale shirts, no matter how delicate
the colors are, will be done up with
care and skill, and their colors will look
as fresh and dainty as when they were
first purchased. Our laundry work is
unapproachable for/ beauty of color and
finish.
No saw-edges.
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
000000000000000000
% THB "r.ALACE *.".?%
g GRAND "oraL g .-g
j !: SAN FKANCISCO. ::
• ** Connected by a oovered passageway.
! O 1400 Room?— 900 wih Bath Attached. O
j O All Under One Jlunaeemant. O
0 MOTE THS PBICE8: O
O EuropeanFlan.Bl.QO per day and upward O
-» American Plan. sS.OO per day .and upward _
l> Correspondence Solicited. v
0 JOHN 0. KIRKPATSICK. Xutgtr. O
000000000000000000
PChlchcatcr'o KngUah Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<K-v Orlslna) and Only Genulcc A
j //t&?\ s* r E, »lwij« rulUbln. LADieb aak jSX
J*A\ VS*M n riii?«i«it for CMchtAtcr c English Dia-£i\Z,
M*ig&3K&ir,ion£ in Ked »nJ li'Ad nj»:alHcV%®r
T-v —^fijtttioxei. sealed with blue ribbon. Take V^
I*l *^V^!)n" other. Refute danger<n.. subititu- V
•I"/ ~- rtf tion» and imitation*. At DraggisH, or»c!i44«.
I U y in itimri for particular!, tegtimoirltls tad
VV B) "Kellof te.r todies," inltiier, by rrtara
■J^ If Mall. 10,000 Ti'stinoniaU. Kaat Paper.
1 Vl »^rCbl<>»n.'iit«'rC*>w«lcalCo.,Mii(',l»on hqma«%
tlMfcyaU Local Drngglru. . PMTLA.OA.. l'A 7
'm I ■■ A MAC'S infallible Fits
MB '' I > B^ H 1 Cure! Cures all cases of
B« i 1 IL Xl blind, bleeding. Itching,
i ■ I 1 r»m protruding piles. Cases of
5 Eg I m. M years' standing cured by
! ■ m■■ '^ m single BOc box.
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
! 504 Washington Street. San Francisco.
i Weekly Call, $1 per YearUNCLE HENRY
. GIVES WW TO
THE LOBSTERS
Santa Cruz Breaks
Into First Place.
DONLIN'S MASTERLY WORK
CRAWLS OUT OF SEVERAL EX
CEEDINGLY SMALL HOLES.
4
Local Sluggers Made to Paw the Air
When Hits Would Have Evened
the Score or Won the
Game.
The Santa Cruz aggregation of baseball
. talent invaded this municipality ster
■ay and crowded the local representatives
•*m ut of first position in the league race- by
a combination of timely swats nd bat
tery errors on the part of Fireman Fitz
and his first assists I Swindells. It was
not an interesting same, for both teams
played overcautiouslyi making it drag
with the exception of two or three
patches where baseball of the sensational
order was put Up.
Both teams had in their *tar twirlers
and as in the game at Santa Cruz Fitz
suffered by comparison. He was inclined
to >*o up In th air at critical stages, and
some of his passes proved costly. Tie was
touched up for ten hits, with a total of
fourteen base?; which proves that Hank
Han does not control the only bunch of
sluggers in the league!
Donlin was • particularly effective in a
close pinch, as shown by the fact that
twice the locals had the bases full, but
were unable to score, and at another time
—in the fourth inning— the first four men
up reached first on three singles and a
base on balls, yet only one tally was re
corded. That is baseball. In the second
inning Donlin retired the side on strikes
with the bases full and not a run was
Krugr's work yesterday demonstrated j
to the satisfaction of all that his rightful .
position is in the outfield. He covers no
pround to speak of at short and his bun
gles invariably occur at the most inop
portune periods.
Santa Cruz had a new man. Dronnan, in
ripht field. He formerly played with
Seattle and has a good record.
The star play of the day was made by
Riley in the second Innin when he ran
up ilnst the fence hack of third base ;
f and pulled down a high foul from Don
lin's hat. Santa Cruz cut out three dou
ble plays, all of which were pretty and
with Clark participating In them all. The
score follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AC. R. mi. SB. PO. A. E.
c. f I i - ! - I 0
it 1 ii 1 2 1
0 2 0 2 2 n
ii n o 9 1 r>
Hilderbr'andt.'r. ....-, 1113 0 0
. . . t 1 1 1 1 f i 0
111112 1
Swindells, c.......... 4 0 1 0 3 3 0
Fitzpatrkk, r 2 0 0 0 2 2 0
Tota lß I> 4i>124 31
SANTA CRUZ. SB. PO. A. E. (
\. E
! 2 T '.' 5 " I
•
II 2 1
2 2 16
3 1 1 rt U 0 0
f "!.'..!.... 4 1 S 1 1 0 0
4000 4 2 0 I
10 10 0 2
•■ . . l m 1 0 0
Totals 33 7 10 4 .*26 17 4
•RHey out for intorfcrinK with thrown ball.
RUNS BT INNINGS
snn Francisco 1 0010200 0-4
Base hit* 10031112 0— 9
Santa fniz! 0 2211010 •— 7
Bate hits 0 2 2 12 12 0 '-10
SUMMARY.
Huns responsible for-Fitzpatrick. 3; Donlln.
1 Two-ba«e hit*— Donltn. V illlam?. Pace,
riark. Sacrifice hit K.ru». First base on
f , rrors _San Francisco. 3; Santa Cruz. 2. First
base on called balls-San Francisco, 7: Santa
Cruz 5 Left on base.«-San Francisco. 6; Santa
fit By Fitzpatrlck, 2; by
" Donlln 7. Hit by pitcher-Muller. Double
plays— Clark unassisted : Williams to XI- Iber to
Cla"--k: Oonlin to Pace to Clark. Passed ball—
Swindells. Wild plf li- Donltn. Lmplre— Cahill.
Official scorer— Stapleton.
San Jose Defeats Oakland
SAN JOSE, May 27.— ban Jose piajeo
under the new : • ■,• ... in. Nt to-day and
walloped the Oaklands to the tune of 3 to
2. Fast and lively ball was played
throughout, the fine fielding of the local
team being the prime feature. If Oak
land had put in a little judicious stick
work the score might have been tied. The
only three-base hit was made by Kent.
The score: BAN JOSE.
A P.. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McOucken, C. t 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
&£• "::::::::::? " ° « ; ° < °
An<l*rson. 2b 3 1 1 « 1 3 1
Dalrymple. 1. t 3 1 2 1 0 0 0
Hanlon lb 3 0.1 0 lo 1 ,
ODea 3b. ......•«•«•« 4 ""''»« "
Kentl C c*'.. ?.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. j i ! 1 1 -
Totals ..' 33 3 6 2 27 IS 2
OAKLAND.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 3 0 1 ■ 0 1 0 0
Schmeer. s. a 3 1 1 » « i «
Ivange 3b 4 0 10 110
Hammond.' c 4 0 1 0 4 1 0
ffiitoAy:::::::: 4 >> 1 0 ? 0 <<
Dunleavy. I. f * 1 1 2 * I ?
Hardle. r f 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Russell, P.. 3 ° _£ J^ _0 ' J JJ
Totals 32 2 9 2 »26 8 2.
•Kelly out tar Interfering with ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 110 10 0 0-3
Ba*e hits 0 0 10 2 10 1 1-6
Oakland 11000000 o—2
1 !!:,s- hits 13 0 0 10 0 13-9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers 2, Russell 3.
TVirop-hnsp hit— Kent. Two-bane hits — Lance, i
BICYCLE BARGAINS FOR WOMEN
Cgfl Columbia Bevel-Gear Cg A
Chainless Model 51. DU
Sold all last season for $125.
The Cbainless is the ideal bicycle for women. No chain to soil or entangle
the skirts, to accumulate dirt, to break or get out of order. Easy to mount
and easy to ride, the best hill climber and a delightful coaster.
SAfMfl COLUMBIA $d?S(l
tuiuU MODEL 46. TuIUV
A ladles' chain wheel of the highest
grade which sold all last season for $75.
We have but a limited number of these machines and the stock is rapidly
diminishing. Orderatonce if you wish to take advantage of this opportunity.
Pope Manufacturing Co. 3 " P ° A S N T = R T A R N E^ SCO
Uotown City Agency, I. P. ALLEN, Proprietor, 1970 Page Street, Near Sfamyaa
ixpymy^ Him^jFß ,lfh ;i (TNF' ' '^^(Ci)^^W
H,ir.li.\ Hanlon. Struck out— By Borchers 7
Base on called balls- Ru-=?p11 5. Sacrifice hits-
Borchers, McGucken. Hit by pitched ball-
I.eaki\ Kelly, Ar.dprpon. Schmeer. Left oi
■ Ban .losp 7. Oakland. 7. Tim? of game
- noun. Umpire— Rube Levy. Scorer— W
Weber.
Watsonville Defeats Sacramento.
WATSOXVILLH. May 27. - Farmer
Struve's band of Sugar Beets defeated
the Sacramento Statesmen here to-day by
a score of sto 1. In the first inning Wat-
BOnvllle connected often with Noisy Har
vey's delivery and hammered out three
runs, aided by Big Selna's three-bagger.
The St:it- smen scored the only run in the
sixth as a result of errors. Both pitchers
did splendid work, particularly Kid Wlie
lan. wli.i held his opponents down to three
hits. The same nines play here to-morrow
with "Nit" Harper and "Demon" Doyle
on the delivery end. Score:
WATSONVTLLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. S b 4 110 110
McCarty, s=s 3 0 0 0 1 3 1
Courtney, < ■. f 4 1 2 1 2 0 0
Ih4ll 0 9 0 (i
Plake, L" b 4 0 1 0 5 1 (i
V,c310 0 4 1 0
Hayes, 1. f 4 0 0 0 5 1 0
,f4ll 0 0 0 0
Whelan, p' 4 0 0 0 0 5 2
Totals .'l4 5 6 1 27 12 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
.r.f3o 0 0 0 2 2
ey. p 4 0 2 0 15 0
!h4Ol 0 19 0 2
4 " 0 0 0 1 1
4 0 0 0 5 3 0
2 b 4 0 10-161
,_Mln. 3 h 4 10 0 0 3 0
lhan, 1 f 3 0 0 0 8 0 0
Sheehan. c f 3 o l o 1 0 0
Totals S3 1 5 0 27 19 0
RUNS BY INNINGS.
WatsonvlHe 30000000 2—5
hit* 30001000 2—6
0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 o—l
hits no 0 02201 o—s
SUMMARY.
Run? responsible for- Harvey 1. Sacrifice
■ ■ McCarthy. Three-baae hit -Selna. Two
base hit Sheehan. Bases on balls—Watson
imnuo l Struck out -By Harvey
\\ !.;■:. in 4 IjStx on bases— Watsonville 4,
6. Wild pitch— Harvey. Time of
1:23. Umpire-O'Connell. Scorer— T. A.
Peckham.
Two Games To-Day.
By winning yesterday's game the Santa
Cruz t*am took the lead by * narrow mar
gin and will have to capture one of
the contests to-day in make their posi
tion sei ure even for a week. Two games
will be played, the one in the morning at
Golden Oate. the afternoon event to take
place at Recreation Park. There will be
a large contingent from Santa Cruz and
ity who will make the trip across
the bay. a? the game promises to be In
ly interesting. Old reliable Iherg
will do the pitching for the locals, while
Daubenbis will go in the box for th. vis
itors. In other respects the teams will
line up as in the afternoon game, when
will be placed as follows:
Pan Francisco. Positions. Santa Cruz.
Swindells Catcher Pace
FHzi atrlck Pitcher Halsz
Sullivan First hasp Clark
O'Ne"U Second base Williams
Third base Devereaux
KniK Shortstop Klether
Muller Left field Streib
Tenter field Donlln
Hilderbrandt Right field Burge
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
iter dißt-.'f from • • can
GOOD FLY FISHING
IS NOW IN ORDER
Large Catches of Trout Have Been
Made Near Point Reyes — Re
ports from the Rivers.
According to latest reports from the
mountains the McCl >ud River is getting
:id condition for fly fishing.
I Ki-liehor has been enjoying good
sport tor some weeks past and the local
anglers who whipped the stream recently
ed with nice atches of fish. The
Truckee River is also looking well, but it
in a little too early yet for fly fishing on
this popular stream. The report.* that
fish were being killed Indiscriminately by
poachers on the Truckee does not apply
to that part of the river between Boca
and Truckee. The reports state that the
_. w;ts done below Verdi and that
• wing to the obstructions which still re
main in the river— that is, on the Nevada
ihe fish cannot ascend the stream,
but i ongregate in large numbers under
lams, where the indlans can capture
th< m easily.
The Fish Commissioners of this State
have done all within their power to have
the obstructions in ihe Truckee removed,
but II seems that the authorities of Ne
vada State have not extended to the gen
en who are working In the interest of
.! cause any assistance.
Fish Commissioner Vogelsang has tried
every means to remedy the existing evil.
so to speak, but he finds that without
issistance from ihe other side of the
line his efforts will prove unavailing.
The near-by streams are panning out
Anglers -who fished the Paper Mill
und I.agunitas creaks last Sunday en
joyed first-class sp >rt. Frank Marcus
: a I'j-pound trout and had quite a
nice mess of several small-sized trout be
sides. Louis Rondeau, \V. Cooney and Ed
Williams creeled a respectable number of
trout between Tocaloma and the Nica.sio
i reek, where it empties into the Paper
Mill. Charley Cate. Otto Braunsdorff and
Bert Spring enjoyed ihe best sport of the
year fly casting in the deep pools near
Point Reyes. The trout caught were of
good size. Two sraaii striped bass were
also caught by an angler who whipped
D the White Ho.ise pool. The trout
;ui now taking a fly which is an Imml
nf a mosquito. Some an^lfrs who
i Lagunitas Lake last Thursday re
tun:- d with full baskets.
Two striped bass were caught In the
mil estuary last Sunday. Local an
gl^rs have not as yet prospected for large
in the. vicinity of Point Richmond.
but it goes without saying that the fishes
are there and can bo caught by those who
will go prepared for their capture.
Two Deputy Fish Commissioners have
been taking small black bass from the
shallow pools of Russian River and plac
ing them in deep water. It is said tnat
are thousands of bass fry land
locked in water whicn will dry quickly in
warm weather and to san-e the little fel
lows the deputies are. now engaged in the
good work of bass fry protection.
Large striped bass are also said to be
enjoying quiet repose in the deep pools
at the mouth of the Russian River. Some
of the expert anglers should give them
a trial.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
HIGH SCHOOL
GIRLS RICK IT
A DECISION
Basket-Bail Game Ends
in a Storm.
Nine High School girls, filled with an
overflowing wrath, are now nursing an
Indignation of spirit which knows no
bounds. Collectively they are known a?
the Girls High School basket 15811 team,
and as such they have a grievance which
is spending itself in subdued excoriations
against the lady players of the Young
Men's Christian Association.
An athletic combat, a trinity of ref
erees and an error in the keeping of time
are the counts in the complaint which the-
High School players have filed against
the Christian athletes. There was a
game between these two teams yester
day, and th Y. M. C. A. won out by a
score of 7 to 5. This is the second defeat
The F^ecalcitraQt Basket - Ball
Players.
whi^h the High School nine has suffered
at the hands of the Christians, and it ran
kles deep in the maiden heart* of the stu
dents. While the High School young la
dies acknowledge defeat according to the
reading of the score, they claim that it
was not such de facto. With a unanimous
voice they raise their wailing complaints
to the skies above and invoke justice to
punish the referees who cut short the
second half of the game by five minutes,
thereby destroying their chancs for win
ning the game.
The game was played in the gymnasium
of the Young Men's Christian Association
building. The referees selected were
F. R. Shaw. J. A. Heuer and Dr. H. L.
Dietz, all good members of the associa
tion and keen judges of basket ball tech
nique. With tears glistening in her eyes
one High School player said that this was
the first ill omen of a most unfortunate
(lay. "How could we win with all three
against us" she said. " 'Twould be im
possible." Dr. Dietz explains it differ
ently. His version is that the visiting
team bad the right to nominate two of
the officials, which they failed to do, and
in order to play the game he was forced
to find the two who judged the contest.
The first half was smooth sailing., with
hardly a ripple of contention against the
decisions of the officials. Not so at the
end, of the second half. Then the merry
war of nine singing muses on one side
and three bad men on the other began a
short-lived career. The chief referee blew
his whistle for the end of the game. The
score was 7 to 5, with the Y. M. C. A. on
the long end.
An explosion then occurred which shook
the rafters out of joint. The nine High
School athletes surrounded the three offi
cials and midst shrieks and shouts de
clared they had been euchred out of rive
minutes of play. Whirlwinds of femin
ine passion floated through the gymna
sium and the three officials capitulated.
They allowed an extra live minutes of
play, at the end of which the score stood
the same. The additional time did not sat
isfy the High School athletes, however,
and they are still bristling with what
they term a righteous Indignation and a
just wrath. It will be some days before
the emotional storm subsides.
The personnel of the battling teams
was:
Girls 1 High School. Positions. T. M. C. A.
Mlks Drlßmll Forward Miss Parker
Miss Talcott Forward :Mrs. Dietz
Miss Hahn Forward Miss Roberts
Mlbs Johnson Center Miss Scovllle
Mis? White Center Miss Roberts
Miss OK^efe Center Miss Ben?hauser
Miss Konnan Back Miss= I>arks
Minn Tmsraer Back Miss Goodman
Mis* Smith Bark Miss Baer
BENEDICT CRICKETERS
VERSUS BACHELORS
To-day the first married vs. single
match will be played on the Webster
street grounds at Alameda. The married
team, which has been made up by George
Hellmann and C. Simmonds, will consist
of the following: George Theobald, E. G.
Sloman, C. Simmonds, G. Hellmann, F.
Sewell, J. J. Theobald, J. H. Harbour, G.
J. Baugh, H. P. G. Gordon, J. M. Gunn
and Henry Ward. The single men's
eleven, which has been gathered together
by J. J. R. Teel and C. P. Coles, is made
up as follows: J. H. Saunders, F. Croll,
J. J. Moriarty, B. Bird, F. O. Driffleld,
J Mvers, A. Dickenson, A. W. Wilding,
W S' Sandilands, C. P. Coles and J. J. R.
Peel. It Is decidedly strong in batting,
and by no means weak in bowling. The
captains of the teams will be chosen on
the grounds.
No matrh is set down on the schedule
for Decoration day. In previous seasons
a city team has usually visited Placer
County at this time, but the citrus col
ony has been so much thinned out that
cricket in that region is practically dead.
At the last meeting of the California
Cricket Association the rule previously
adopted by the association for calculat
ing the percentages of the clubs in
matches for the Brown pennant for 1899
was annulled and the following rule
adopted: Count one point for each vic
tory, half a point for each drawn game,
and divide the total number of points by
the number of games played.
The first cricket match of the season in
Lake County was played at Burns Valley
between the Lakeport and Burns Valley
clubs The latter team consisted of T.
W. Beakbane. W. T. Bayton, E. E. Gray,
,H. P. H. Haggitt, W z H. Turner. Q. R,
Webber, W. Spaulding. J. Palmer. J.
Purves. J. Davis and C. Noel. In their
first innings they, scored 35 runs. For
Lakeport Captain H. V. Keeling- played a
fine innings, scoring 72 runs before he was
caught by Beakbane off Gray. The inn-
Ings closed for 133.
In their second innings Burns Valley put
together only 2S runs. Lakeport accord
ingly won by an. innings and 70 runs.
SHOOTERS WILL MEET
AT ANTIOCH TODAY
The Union Gkin Club will hold its regu
lar <iuh shoot at the Lincoln Gun Club
ground?. Alnmeda Point, to-day, Sunday.
A large gathering of sportsmen and their
friends are expected to be present.
The principal event in gun club affairs
is the annual Inanimate Target Associa
tion meeting, which will be held at An
tioch on Monday and Tuesday. Clubs
representing- different counties of the
State will be present to engage in the
' game, and there Is no doubt that rivalry
will result among the team shooters. Four
! years af;o a few enthusiastic sportsmen
I in different parts of the State, writes Sec
retary Gunzendorfer, met and organized
the California Inanimate Target Associa
tion. Under its auspices six successful
shoots have been held at Ban Francisco,
Stockton, Alarneda, San Jose and .Monte
rey and the seventh will be held at An-
Uoch on May l".i and 30. The management
i guarantees competent Judges and referees
i and all scoring will hf done before the
\ eyes of the shooters. Under the new sys
tem prizes will be ready f.ir payment to
winners immediately after each event.
Special rates will be given on all railroad
and steamship lines, and adequate ac
commodations at Antioch will be provided
at reasonable rates. Poats will leave thi.s
city for Antioeh this evening.
Curlew ;ire still plentiful "ti the Ala
mi da a/i<l Mount Kden marshes and some
good Wigs were made recently by local
hunters.
The State live bird shoot will be held on
June 2. o and 4. at the Olympic Club trap
shooting grounds near Ingleslde.
Crittrndon Robinson, the great live bird
trap shooter, has forwarded from Monte
Carlo to E. T. Allen the last "blue rock"
shot by the winner of the last tourna
ment.
BASKET AND *NDOOR
BASEBALL SCHEDULES
Relay racing and indoor baseball are
the two sports which arc taking up the
time and attention of the Young Men's
Christian Association, both on this side
of the bay and at Oakland. The interme
diates of the San Francisco department
and the Oakland Association have ar
ranged a schedule of dates for relay and
basket ball games.
On Wednesday afternoon the interme
; diates of the San Francisco association
! visited their Oakland rivals and met them i
on floor and track. In the basket ball
game Oakland won out. but the relay
race, ten men each, on the Oakland out
door track, went to the San Franciscans. I
' The following schedule has been arranged ■
i for the rest of the season: Monday May
: 29, in Oakland, relay and indoor baseball. !
■ Tuesday, June fi. in San Francisco, relay i
: and indoor baseball. Friday. June 9, in '
j Oakland, basket ball. The 'odd game nf
! basket and base ball dates will be settled
later.
Every Tuesday evening during the !
month of June indoor baseball games will ,
be played in the gymnasium. The sofaed-
Ule of the three teams is as follows:
May 80, Junipers vs. Bumpers; June fi,
Bumpers vs. Rompers: June 13, Rompers \
vs. Jumpers; June 20. Junipers vs. Bump
ers; June 27. Bumpers vs. Rompers.
The following- are the members of the
three teams respectively: Rompers—Gonri
rich, Foran, Scott. Toohy. Patch. Impey, '
Stoutenherg. Dietz. Armstrong. Trobeck. I
Jumpers— Dorian, Crawford, Gayness, Ir- '
ving, Veaco. Dashwood. LytOn, Jacobs.
Mitchell. Bumpers— Morton. Bishop,
Shaw, Rernhard, N. Ilanrahan. Kilim,
Gibson. Spacher. Barbour. The game
scheduled for Decoration day will prob- i
ably be played on another date.
"Nora," a St. Bernard, the Property oF W. A.
Coulter of The Call Art Department.
SAUSALITO ARE
FINALLY RAIDED
Sheriff Taylor Takes
a Hand.
The expected raid on the Sausalito pool
rooms was reserved for Brooklyn handi
cap day. The big turf event in the East
attracted an unusually large number of
players to the hillside town over the bay
yesterday, and both the rooms of Hum
phrey & Co. and Harvey & Co. were
thronged with people. Three or four of
the race? at Brooklyn track had been
debided, with the usual telegraphic de
scription given by the caller at Harvey
AL- Co. 'a room in the Buffalo Exchange,
when Sheriff Taylor of Marin County,
and a force of deputies, headed by Amos
Lunt, appeared on the scene. Four play
ers, giving thcrr names as T. Brun, E.
Follansbee, John Daniels and E. A. Clark,
were placed under arrest, together with
the entire "crew" of Harvey & Co. The
names furnished of the employes, were:
Morris Rosendom. Max Cohn, J. K. Wil
lis. W. Martin. Harry Hart, B. T. Reilly,
H. Gorman. John H. Knilly James Smith,
L. A. Meyers, E. Bert, J. Connolly and R.
Curt. Joe Harvey, one of the proprietors
of the place, was also arrested.
Very little excitement was caused by
the raid, the players apparently being not
in the least disconcerted, proceeding to
speculate on the different runs as if noth
ing had occurred. The Brooklyn. St.
Louis and Lakeside track.- were- listed, and
though the Sheriff and his men put in
their appearance at l o'clock wagers were
accepted and winning tickets cashed until
shortly after 3:30 o'clock, when the guar
dians "of the law. acting under instruc
tions from Prosecuting Attorney Mclsaac,
ordered the room closed. Three races
were still to be decided at St. Louis and
two at Lakeside track. The closing was
abrupt, and notice was given that "all
bets stood." The Sheriff then gathered
up evidence in the way of sheets, tickets,
etc. and the men under arrest were es
corted to the depot by the deputies in
time to catch the 4 o'clock train for San
Rafael.
The room conducted by John Hum
phrey and Henry Schwartz was unmo
lested for the time being, Joe Harvey hav
ing undoubtedly agreed to make a test
i ase of it. In the complaint Harvey is
charged with willfully and unlawfully
opening, carrying on and conducting a
banking game, played for money, with a
device commonly known as bookmaking.
The rooms at Sausallto are operating tin
der a license granted by the Town Trus
tees. Thf proprietors of the rooms d<Miy
the accusation that they are conducting
a banking game, and contend that if they
ar>- convicted, l.o..kmaking within the
confines of any track in California is il
and th<y will protest against it.
When the men arrived at San Rafael
they were taken at once before Justice
of the Peace George Rodden. The names
Of the men had in the meantime been in
serted in the John Doe warrants. Court
was held In a public hall, the Justice's
< 1 1 1 i• i being too small to accommodate the
throng. A. Sylva appeared on behalf of
the men. All admitted thp act charged
against them, hut denied that it was an
offi i .-• under the la w.
District Attorney Hugh Mcfeaac Of Ma
rin County appeared as prosecutor and
was assisted by Attorney Daniel Ryan of
this city. Argument on the demurrers en
tered in behalf of the men will he heard
in San Rafael next Saturday. The ac
cused were all released on $mo. This was
furnished by Mr. Harvey, who sat at the
table with "justice Rodden and saw the
letter's pile of gold increase gradually,
until all had been provided for.
Trustee Sylva said that if the Trustees
of Sausalito were granting licenses con
trary to law they were liable to arrest.
He stated it as his intention to have him
self arrested and charged with felony.
He would then sue out a writ of habeas
corpus and take the matter direct to the
Supreme Court. This would determine the
status of the^ase against the bookmak
ers at once.
"Jim" Neal gave the name of James
Smith. Attorney Ryan, knowing his iden
tity, said. "You' don't look like a Smith."
Neal stuck to the name tenaciously.
The bookmakers returned to the city
on the 8 o'clock boat.
THE BIG PUGILISTS
AND THEIR CHANCES
Knowing Ones Contend That Fitz
simmons Is Still Dangerous
for Six Rounds.
It is said that interest in the coming:
hig fight in New York between Jeffries
and Fitzsimmons is hemming very keen
in the East and that the Californian is
gaining admirers daily.
It matters not who the pugilists are,
whenever a fight is announced there will
be found admirers of both men, even
though one of the sloggers may he so far
superior as a boxer to his prospective op
ponent that comparison would seem ridic
ulous. Now, then, all persons who have
seen Fitzsimmons' and Jeffries' perform
ances must admit that Fitzsimmons is
Jeffries' master In all particulars that per
tain t" boxing. Fitz is a better general,
is swifter on his feet, can' use both hands
to good advantage and can certainly de
liver the hardest blow, because of the fact
that he has thoroughly mastered the
game and knows when to hit and how to
Jeffries in his fight with Sharkey. which
\v a s the. only contest from which a good
line can be taken of his ability as a
pugilist, satisfied his most ardent admir
. is that he had much to learn of the art
of self-defense. The right he used only
on .i few occasions and the blow was tel
egraphed so plainly that the sailor was
away from danger when the shot was
fired".
Jeffries' left hand swings, or crooks, as
they arc- termed by the followers nf the
ring, carried dange-r with them each time
that Sharkey's head trot within tiring dis
tance, ;>r<] although they came tolerably
swift at tim^s Sharkey generally avoided
the full force of the blow by ducking un
der the glove or side-sfeppnß his oppo
nent. The fact of the matte 1 - was that the
sailor kept a close watch on Jeffries"
movements, and the big fellow when set
tling himself for a lead or a swing . x
posed what was coming by falling into
an awkward position, thus giving Shar
key a chance to get away from trouble.
Time and again Jeffries forced his oppo
nent into some corner of the ring and
acted like a big amateur who did not
know what to do when an opportunity
had offered to administer solid punish
ment to his adversary at close range.
Possibly Jeffries has changed his style of
fighting completely since then, but the
fai t remains nevertheless that his left
swings were not only awkwardly deliv
ered, but the manner in which he held
his hand (sldewise) when about to lead
was sufficient to satisfy experts of the
game that it would be only a question of
time when the member must fall by his
side helpless. Subsequently, when he
fought Parson Da vies' nigger in Now
York, he maimed the left hand by strik
ing his opponent .1 swinging blow on the
bead. Of course, there is always room for
improvement, and it is to be presumed
that Jeffries is a far better man to-day
scientifically than he >vas on the night he
fought the sailor in Mechanics' Pavilion.
Most people who have a predilection
for flstlc sports admit that Fitzsimmons
is far superior to Jeffries in many ways;
that is, he is a better judge of distance,
knows to the second when to strike, how
to stop, how to duck and how to draw
his opponent to him by fiddling and other
ways until he has his quarry within easy
hitting distance. In generalship Fhzsim
mons. has no superior. After summing
up all these important facts the only
question relative to the coming fight that
is open to discussion is in regard to the
effect which years have had on the cham
pion. Many contend that he is too old
to go a hard pace and that if Jeffries ran
land one or two good stiff blows in the
early part of the game Fitz will wilter
and go to pieces. Age undoubtedly cuts
quite a figure In the fighting game and
when it is considered that there is about
sixteen years' difference between the men
and also a difference of about forty
pounds in their weight one would natur
ally be inclined to wonder what possible
chance of success has Fitzsimmons
against the strapping and hair-covered
lad from Southern California.
But on thought, if the fact that a tap
r.n th° .law point properly put must be
considered as meaning defeat to the re
ceiver, which of the two men, allowing for j
the handicap in size and age, would be
most liable to get "the auctioneer?"
Doubtless eight out of ten people would
say "Jeff" will be first to receive.
Age. then, will not count for much in
a short engagement unless a man Is so
tar gone, physically that he is unable to
hit or guard himself from attack. If
Fitzsimmons is anything near as good
a man to-day as he was when he met the
clever Jim Corbett in Carson City he
should certainly defeat Jeffries in five or
six rounds or possibly sooner. Allowing j
that a few ye.ars have lessened his vitality
it is feasible that he can yet journey
through five spirited rounds. All of Fitz
simmons' battles were of short duration
excepting those between Maher. Corbett |
and Dempsey. It can therefore be seen
that Jeffries must cut out a warm pace
from the start and smother Fitzsimmons
quickly if he hopes to win. It is said on
good authority that Fitzsimmons is doing
remarkable work in his training and if
this be a fact the outlook for Jeffries is
bad unless the big feilow is a very much
Improved man.
Late accounts which camp over the ■
wire stated that the men had not be^n
training properly. Of course, in the event
of a prearranged affair comment would
be useless.
WILL SPREAD WHITE
WINGS TO THE WIND
Corinthians and Californias Prepare
to Hold Annual Class Flag Re
gattas ever the Usual
Courees.
The Corinthians will hold their annual
regatta on Tuesday. May ■). The entries
in the five classes into which the yarhts
are divided were given in Fridays Call.
Clara 1. the 36-footers, and the 30-foot
<Mmhs will sail over the "long course,"
yachts of the 25-foot class will take the
"middle course." and the 20-footers will
go over the "short course. " The yachts
in all classes will be started by the firing |
of a single gun, and will be timed from !
the signal, no^ time being allowed for I
rossing the line. If no yacht crosses the I
finishing line within live hours from the
time of starting, the race will be sailed
again. Yachts will receive time allow
ances based on their sailing length, and
calculated by the tables in the club book i
Of 1887. The prizes will be 1899 flags, one
for first and another for second place in
each class; but no prize will be awarded
Unless at least two yachts compete in a
class. All yachts must secur* numbers
before the race. These can be obtained j
at the clubhOTJ»« on or after to-day, and \
must be returned after the regatta. The j
crews must be composed of amateurs, and
helmsmen must be members of the Corin
thian Yacht Club. H. H. Gorter is the
measurer, and the members of the re
gatta committee are T. J. Kavanaugh,
Douglas Erskine and P. J. fttartensteln.
The sixth annual class-flag regatta of
the California Yacht Club will also be
held on Decoration day. The course be
gins at the southerly pierhead of the
Narrow-gauge Mole, and is officially reck
oned at ten nautical miles. Yachts will
be divided into four classes, the first
class consisting of yachts of 25 feet sail
ing length or less; the second of yachts
exceeding 25 feet and not exceeding 30
feet; the third of yachts exceeding ,10 feet
and not exceeding 40 feet; and the fourth
comprising all craft having a greater sail
ing length than 40 feet. Time allowances
and measurements will be made accord
ing to the rules of the Pacific Interrfub
Yacht Association, published in 1898. The
start will be made at the firing of a sin
gle gun for each class, and no allowance
will be made for crossing the line. The
time within which the course must be
completed to entitle a yacht to a prize is
four hours. The winning boat in each
class will receive a pennant. No profes
sionals may be employed in the crews, ]
and helmsmen must be members of the
California Yacht Club. The yachts will
carry the racing numbers assigned to I
them by the Pacific Interclub Yacht As- j
sociation on the luff of the mainsail, not ;
less than four feet above the boom and
on the starboard side. The numbers were I
given out yesterday at the clubhouse, and !
must be returned after the race to the i
committee. As Blossom Rock buoy, the \
first mark in the course, is also one of I
the marks of the Corinthian course. Call- j
fornia yachts arc instructed to yield the ■
right of way to the Corinthian boats, |
which will have to take in their light
sails and gybe round the buoy. Time lost I
by so doing will be allowed on application '■
to the regatta committee within twenty
four hours after the race. The regatta
committee consists of B. W. Bobson,
George turn Sude.n and R. R. l'Homme
dleu.
To-day is an "open" date on the pro
grammes of the San Francisco, Corin
thian and California clubs, owners being i
busy in putting their yachts into trim for
Tuesday's race 3. The South Bays will
cruise to San Francisco to witness the
Corinthian regatta.
BIG TOURNAMENT AT
THE CALIFORNIA CLUB
Tennis Cracks u raining for Class
Matches on Decoration Day.
Asphalt Court News.
A hot tournament will be the order of
events at the California Tennis Club on
Decoration day. It will be a singles and
from present indications the. courts will
assume the old-time gala appearance, as
all the cracks have entered and large del
egations will be present from Oakland
and Alameda.
The players will be divided into three
classes, the winners of which are to play
a round robin for the championship.
Prizes will be given not only for the win
ning of class honors, but also for the
championship. Robert N. Whitney and
George Whitney, former coast champions,
will fight for the first class laurels. Weihe
may either play first or second class. Da
vis, Stauff. Drummond McGavin. Walter
McGavin, Code, Grant Smith., Merle Jolia
son, Fay Beale. Sidney Salisbury. Dv Val
Moore. C. P. Root, Chet Smith and Hor
ace Mann Jr. have also entered the lists.
The playing will begin in the morning in
order to reach the finals early in the af
ternoon.
The matches worthy of notice played
during the week are the following: Daily
beat James A. Code in easy fashion, 6—o,
6—o. 6—l. Work BS the latter would, he
could score but one game in three seta.
Daily beat Root 6—o. 7—5. Miss Bessie
j Bowman beat Miss Bernice Drown. 6 — l,
; t>— 3. Sidney Salisbury defeated Miss Ger
trude Palmer. 6—4, 3-6. 6—4. The heavy
weight championship was won by Joa
Hooper, who defeated Werner Staur. 6—3,
j 6—2. 6—4.
Grant Smith, Harry Cornell and Harry
Welhe will go to Stockton next week to
meet the tennis experts of that city in an
exhibition tournament. William Taylor,
former champion of the coast for three
: consecutive years, has just returned from
j Honolulu. While in the islands he met
the champions and won every match
played.
BENEFIT FOR LOUIS GOOi.
Meet to Be Given in Aid of the Six-
Day Cycler.
The Olympic and Buy City Wheelmen
and other prominent cycling clubs are ar-
ranging a benefit meet for Louis Oimni,
the six-day rfder who was drugged dur
ing the race at the Pavilion several
months ago. Gimm is just able to be
about after a long siege in the hospital,
and isr sadly in need of funds and
friends. The date of the meet has been
set at Sunday, June 5, at the Olympic
Club's track, and an attractive pro
gramme has been arranged, including
a match race between "Bunt" Shiith and
B. F. Runs, best two in three one-mile
i heats; match race between Arthur Da
vidson and George P. Fuller, five miles,
paced; a two-mile tandem handicap, and
a half-mile open.
The Academic League will hold a five
i mile race over the San Leandro triangle
i on Saturday, June 4.
The employes of Neustadter Brothers,
I who take an interest in -cycling, are pre
-1 paring themselves for another five-mile
| handicap road race early in June.
E. Ross Lozier. the well known Cleve-
I land manufacturer. Is expected on the
coast within a fortnight.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a run
to-morruvv to Lake Pilarcitos under <".i]>
tain A. J. Menne. The run will start in
two sections from the clubhouse — the Bral
at 7 a m. for tho "has beens" and the
I second at 9 o'clock for the "scorchers."
| The commissary department Is in tho
hands of Messrs. Sheldon, Dv and Wat-
I ters, "men who have been eating all their
lives, and surely know what is good by
this time"— at least so the notice reads.
The Green and Neill Match.
George Green and Al Neill met last
evening and selected Walter Watson to
referee the 20-round contest which will be
held on Wednesday evening. The fight
ers, according to an agreement signed at
the time the match was made, will meet
at the ringside at 8 o'clock and weigh in
at i"i pounds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MenW|D Suffer
With Any of the Following Ailments
Can Be Cured if Treated by
the Right Doctors. :
The Right Doctors Are Dr. Meyers & Co.,
the Well-Known Specialists for All
. Diseases and: Weakness of Men.
Diseases of the kidneys, bladder,
spine, liver, heart skin, blood, also pre-
mature decay, unnatural losses, wast-
ing drains, nervous debility, stricture,
rupture, piles, varicocele, private dis-
eases, etc.
Men who are physically deb ; litated in
any manner deserve the pity of all
people for two reasons.
In the first place they should be pitied
for the suffering and embarrassment
their affliction brings upon them
Secondly, they are to be pitied be-
— — ■— — — "^ cause they do
- r '*=f = ~~^v not seek aid
<_ r _^==-- — a^ not seek aid
tv ri^f&iL S-^J electricity or
A.-^- 1 made a man
' i : : fX ' a permanent
■——■••■■— ""^— cure you must
go to specialists who understand
your case, who have had yea's of expe-
rience in curing just such ailments as
yours, This is the kind of physicians
people deal with who take treatment
from Dr. Meyers &. Co.
These specialists begin at the very
bottom of the disease, drive it entirely
from the system, and then proceed to
build up the physical structure by a
thorough constitutional treatment.
The combined- skill of the mem-
bers of the staff of Dr. Meyers &
Co. has produced wonderful results in
curing men.
Had these doctors not possessed the
ability that is claimed for them, they
could never have become so famous.
. Had they not been blessed' with un-
usual ability they would not be recog-
nized to-day as the leading physicians
of the Pacific Coast.
If they had not used remedies, meth-
■^—^— I ods and appli-
THE PRICE of a cure antes superior
may be deposited in to all others
any San Francisco they could not
bank, to be paid only possibly have
when patient is well, cured so many
or payments may be men whose
made in monthly in- cases had
staf/ments. been given .up
BBHH^ aH^^ BBH i_M^BJi and abandon-
ed by other, doctors as being all
earthly aid.
Dr. Meyers & Co.'s extensive practice
comes mainly from men whose friends
were treated by these successful spe-
cialists.
A good word from a man who has •
been cured is the best advertisement—
the most convincing recommendation.
FREE BOOK— HOME CURES.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore
a. great many men every year without
seeing them. Sufferers who cannot rail
should write for their book, "MAR-
RIAGE GUIDE: PRIVATE COUN-
SELOR FOR MEN." symptom blanks,
prices and full particulars of their
wonderful Home-Cure system. f- ", '
ALL CORRESPONDENCE CONFIDENTIAL. .
DR. METERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
Daily. 8 to 5.
■ HOURS: Evenings. 7 to 8.
Sundays, 9 to 11.
CLEVELAJ^f™
; LEAVITT <* BILL,
Open Every Evening. 809 Larkin St.
910
WE WILL HAVE
A HOME-MADE
IMPRESARIO
Patrizi Will Import
Musical Talent.
TO REPRESENT MOROSCO
LATEST EFFORTS OF GREAT
COMPOSERS FOR US.
Italy and California to Be Brought
Into Closer Business Relations
by an Exchange of
Products.
Ettore Patrizi, co-editor and proprietor
of I' ltalia, leaves to-morrow for New
York, en route to Italy. His trip is un
dertaken in behalf of art and home prod
ucts, and while abroad he will represent
Manager Morosoo in the ait proposition
and Hugh Craig, ex-president of the
Chamber of Commerce; E. Scott, secre
tary of the Chamber of Commerce, and A.
Bbarbaro, president of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, in the interest
of home products and manufactures.
Mr. Patrizi's mission Is to brintc Italy
and California into closer business rela
tions, and with this end in view he will
Introduce to his oountrymen sugar of
homo manufacture, hides, tallow, cereals,
seeds and canned fruits. Ilr- will also
satisfy Milan's curiosity as to the Sabin
telephone system in vogue in this State
and said to be the most perfect in prac
tical use.
From Italy Mr. Patrizi will arrange for
the direct Importation of silk, common
glass bottles and asbestos. Heretofore all
the Italian silk that has reached the Cali
fornia market has come by way of
France, a process of migration that neat
ly increases the price of the article before
it finally reaches this coast. Glass bottles
are at present being imported from Ant
werp, and Mr. Patrizi claims that Italian
bottles may be secured at much lower
rates. As to the asbestos, Italy has the
greatest asbestos mini in the world and
is extensively using the product In the
manufacture of window shades, electric
wins, etc.
Mr. Patrizi's Impresario venture is one
that promises to bring Joy to all musical
lovers. Negotiations are to be entered
Into at once with Mascagni, Leoncovallo,
Puccini and Umberto Giordane for the
production here at liorosco's Grand
Opera-hous( of their latest compositions.
Patrizi will bring the artists from Italy
and also me orchestra leader, but the
chorus and orchestra will be made tip en
tirely fpim home talent. It Is proposed
to produce Mascagnl's "l'Amico Fritz,"
"Rantzau" and his very latest Japanese
«.]' ra, "Iris," none of which productions
lias ever been heard here.
"Mr. Patrizi hopes to make the feature
of his repertoire the oratorios of Antonio
Perosi, the young Italian priest.
UoroBCO and Patrizi hope to open their
season of grand opera early in the new
year. Although their plans are neces
sarily as yet immature, this much, has
been decided— the productions are to be
the latest, the artists the best and the
prices moderate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_____
■ .
ONLY.
Free Trial Package of This New Discovery
Mailed to Every Man Sending Name
and Addres£— Quickly Restores
Strength and Vigor.
Free trial packages of a most remarkable
remedy are being mailed to all who will write
the State Medical Institute. They cured so
many men who had battled for years against
the mental and physical suffering of lost man-
hood that the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all»men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting from
youthful folly, premature loss of strength and
memory, .weak back, varlcocele r xciation
of parts can now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful effect
of warmth and seem* to act direct to the de-
sired location, giving strength and development '
Just where it is needed. It cures all the Ills
and troubles that come from years of misuse
of the natural functions and has been an ab-
' solute success In all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. 743 First National
Bank building. Fort Wayne, 'nd.. stating that
i you desire one of their free trial packages, will
be complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great - class of man
who are unable to leave home to be treated
and the free sample , will enable them to see
how easy It is to be cured of sexual weakness
when the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man who
writes will be sent a . free sample, carefully
sealed In a plain package, so. that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or nub-
Iklty. Readers are requested to write without
delay. .
MEMORIAL DAY
10 HAVE GRAND
CELEBRATION
Grand Army Posts
Arrange Cetails.
LARGE PARADE IN MORNING
EXERCISES TO BE HELD AT ODD
FELLOWS' CEMETERY.
Lincoln, Garfield, Cass, Meade and
Liberty Posts Will Participate
in the Commemoration of
the Nation's Dead.
The details of the celebration of Memo
rial day on next Tuesday by the Lincoln,
Garfk-ld, Cass, Meade and Liberty posts
have been arranged.
The parade will form at the junction of
Battery' and Market streets at lv a. m.,
and will disband on Van Ness avenue,
Posts of the Grand Army will immedi
ately reassemble at the Geary-street en-
i:ilor« l*:i u-is.i.
trance of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
when they will proceed to the Grand
Army plat, where the exercises of the
day will be held. Charles Edelman will
be the president of the day. The follow
ing will be the programme:
Minute guns Naval 'Battalion, N. G. C. '
Music .* Hand
Remarks
Charles Edelman, president of the day
Invocation Rev. Dr. Charles E. Locke j
Hymn.
Gettysburg Address C. N. Harris |
Memorial ode, "The Nation's Dead i
Burnett School Choral Band (music by
Frank G. Rohner).
Original poem W. W. Stone, poet of the day i
Music Band
Oration... Hon. James G Magulre ,
Dirge • ■•« : Band
Strewing (lowers over graves of departed
comrades.
Parting salute Lincoln Post Firing Party
"America '....Burnett Choral, audience joining
Benediction.
Taps. ' .
The order of parade will be as follows:
General Committee.
Lincoln, Garlleld, Case, Meade and Liberty
Post?.
Detachment of Mounted Police.
Chief I. W. Lees, Commanding.
Aid to Chief, Lieutenant George Blrdsall
- ■'-■■'v-.;.- Rifle Battalion.
Captain George Wittman, Company A.
Captain John Splllane, Company B.
Grand Marshal, John A. WJilteside.
Chief of Staff, Colonel H.P. Bush.
Chief Aid, James Kiernan.
Aids— V. F. Northrop, Abe Loane J F Wil
liams, James H. Riley, M. J .Collins
W. H. Turner, J. B. French.
Troop A Cavalry, N. G. C.. Captain M. Bur
nett, Commanding.
Band -Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry. Colonel
H. B. Freeman Commanding
Battalion Naval Militia from U. S. S. Marion
"•.';.• ;"■';■ Lieutenant Commander Thomas A.
Nerny Commanding.
Fifth Division from Santa Cruz— Lieutenant
Carl E. Lindsay.
Engineer Division from San Francisco—Lieu
tenant W. F. Bonney. .
Battery of Four Hotchklas Guns from San
Francisco— Lieutenant W. F. Burke
Independent Rifles, Captain L. Schneider Com
' manding.
Golden Gate Company, First Regiment, Uni
form Rank, : Knight of Pythias, Cap
tain George . W. Monteith
Commanding. '■ ;-•■''■■
Drum and Bugle Corps
Columbia Park Boys' Club, Captain C R
Alberger Commanding.
Native Sons of Vermont— Edward A. Bel
cher, President.
State of Maine Association— F. W. Hall Presi
• ■■• dent.
Ohio Society-Benjamin B. Haskell, President
Fraternal Order of Eagles— Henry Baehr Presi
dent.
Campanles from the Public Schools— Marshal
George S. Miehling.
Hamilton School Military Band
Horace Mann Grammar. Crocker Grammar.
Franklin Grammar. Agasslz, Edison,
Halght. Richmond. Harrison, Madi
son, Grant, Lincoln Grammar.
Pupils of public schools. . flanking the Grand
Army and Spanish War Veterans: Mar
shal H. C. F. Stahle.
Fair Oaks Camp No. IS, Sons of Veterans
I). B. Plymlre, commanding,
veterans Spanish War, Captain Edgar C. Sut
liffe, commanding. '.
Grand Army of the Republic.- '"-, ' '■■' '.' -'>
' Firemen's Band.
Lincoln Post No. 1, George H. Robinson, Com
• mander.
James A. Garfield Post No. 34, Ewd. . S. Salo
mon, Commander. , : <
Colonel Cass Post No. 46, A. B. Donnelly
Commander. --
General George G. Meade Post No. 48, W S.
Small, S. V. C, Commanding.
Liberty Post , No. 133. John McDonald. Com
mander.
Fifty young ladies from Burnett School (in a
. /..; float.) • •
. In Carriages: ' .:'.'-:.,:
President of the day. Charles Edelman.
Orator Hon. James G. Mapulre '
Poet W. W. Stone.
Chaplain Dr. Charles Edward Locke
Reader of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, C. N.
Harris. •
Secretary of. the General Commitee Frank El
liott Myers.
Rev. 'Lewis Halsey. Chaplain First Regiment
. N. G. Arizona.
Miss Blanche McGuire. in charge of music.
. Board of ■ Supervisors.
Board I of Education. '.
Grand Army Veterans in carriages.
Memorial Day Requiem Mass
The annual solemn requiem mass for
deceased members of the Catholic Truth
Society will be celebrated in St. Mary's
Cathedral on Tuesday, May 30, at 10
o'clock. Members and friends of the so
ciety are Invited to attend.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 2a, 1899.
BULLETS FLEW
ON THE VALLEJO
STREET WHARF
Charles Murray Was
Attacked.
OUTCOME OF THE STRIKE
IT IS BELIEVED THAT ONE MAN
WAS INJURED.
Murray Was Taking a Non-Union
Sailor to a Ship When a Gang of
Jack Tars Opened Fire With.
Guns and Stones.
The trouble which has been brewing for
months between the Coast Seamen's Un
ion and the Shippers' Association culmi
nated !ast night in a pitched battle on
Vallejo street wharf. Although from fif
teen to twenty shots were fired no one
was injured so far as can be definitely
ascertained, although it is rumored that
one of the- sailors was struck by a bullet
lired by Deputy Shipping Master Charles
Murray. The story of the battle as told
by Mr. Murray is as follows:
"The Shipowners' Association has had
trouble with the union sailors for a long
time. Whenever we try to put a non
union man aboard a vessel a .u-ang of un
ion patrolmen will pounce upon us and
attempt to take him away. Yesterday
afternoon 1 secured the services of Louis
Fein, better known along the froht as
'Frenchy.' who signed for a vessel lying
at Eureka. I arranged with him to take
him down to Vallejo street wharf at 9
o'clock and put him aboard the steamer
Kureka which would sail for that port.
"Fein met me shortly after 8 o'clock
and 1 took him in my buggy along with
my assistant. A. Anderson, and we drove
down to tlie dock. We arrived too early,
and fearing trouble I did not leave him
on the wharf, but drove around a couple
of blocks. When we again approached
the wharf I noticed a number of sailor
patrolmen lurking around in the shadows
under the coal bunkers. I jumped out
and told Fein to drive down the wharf,
saying 1 would walk ahead and sec if the
coast was clear. I had proceeded but a
few steps, when the buggy was greeted
with a shower of stones, one of which
struck Anderson on the thigh. A tall
sailor who had been making trouble
around our office all afternoon then
stepped out from behind Thomas Crow
ley .s boathouse. 1 said. "What are you
going to do." and he replied, 'You know
what I'm going to do you !'
"He then 'hew a revolver and lired di
rectly at me. This .-eemed to t..- a gen
eral signal and we were at once greeted
with a fusillade of bullets from all quar
ters. I .drew my revolver and tired four
shots. I don'l know whether 1 hit any
one or not. but I nope 1 did."
According to the statement of other wit
nesses, who corroborate Murray's story
in every detail, the sailors emptied their
guns and then tied unceremoniously.
Their number is given all the way from
eight to twenty. Sergeant Brophy and
Officer McGowan were early on the scene,
but were powerless to do anything. Mur
ray surrendered himself to the police ."id
accompanied Sergeant Brophy on a round
of the water front resorts. Doping to locate
some of his assailants He says he knows
three of the men well by sight, but does
not know their names.
Louis Fein, the pal, or. was taken down
to the end of the wharf and placed under
a strong guard. His story is the same in
detail as that told by Murray and he
supplements it with the remark, "Yes, I
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
Home Rupture Cure
§
Marvelous Blessing to Those Who
Are Ruptured. \
Cures Reported That Almost Defy
Belief— Thrilling Words From
Thos3 Who Recover.
Dr. W. S. Rice of 418 S. Main St., Adams. X. V. ,
has the distinction of perfectly curing even the
most difficult ruptures of long standing. He
does this without causing the patient one bit
MR. N. E. SMITH.
of pain, absolutely without danger, and also
I without the loss of a moment's time from the
daily occupation. He uses no knife and sends
: his method and treatment direct to the suf-
I ferer's home where it can be easily used with-
out assistance ' and brings immediate comfort
I and relief. ' . .
It requires from three to ten weeks for the
j ruptured opening to heal, at the end of which
time the patient can pitch hay. lift. a barrel of
flour, plow. In the fields, or do any kind of
hard work without any danger of the rupture
coming back. Dr. Rice has. cured hundreds of
old men who had been ruptured 30- and 40
• years. ';, y • / ' ° »-■,->.,.. ,'i •.':*•/
They write him letters that a few years ago
could not have been possible since never before
has there been a certain cure for rupture. N. E.
Smith . of . Mound City, Kans.,"ls one of the
men- whom Dr. • Rice has restored to perfect
health. Mr. Smith -says: "Although pretty
well along in years and with an old rupture
that might have ended, my days at any time,
! I am Just as glad to "be cured as though. I had
j my life to live over agffln. I was a little, bit
! doubtful about Dr. Rice's claims. ' I have seen
I so many failures ;of ■ trusses and • treatments
i that, while the plan looked wonderful, I had
my doubts. ; He cured me all right and I am-
willing to believe that he will any one, I don't
care how bad off they are." It .will-pay any
ruptured man or woman or. the parents of a
ruptured child to write, to. Dr. Rice for a copy
of his book, which he sends free to all. And
If you know • of . any one else who is ruptured
tell Dr.. Rice to also send a book to him. Do
this at once. Don't delay in a matter of such
Importance. Investigate this; marvelous meth-
od that '- Is guaranteed to cure rupture. ■ . , * ■■:•
I C DBIBU'C FOR EITHER hex.
IX OnUW O This remedy being in-
zz - jected directly to the
jgfo gtfa seat of those diseases
OnH Q H"i of the Cienito- Urinary
Hk Kb Organs, requires no
HI (Xf ia change of diet. Care
W snaranteed in 1 to 3
-■' days. Small plain pack-
4P& nnate, by : mail, SI. OO,
%* iJ> JE% *?£"-" ■'-*. only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sola A*enU,
TH Kearny at.. San Francisco. Cal.
am a scab, and always will be a scab."
Some of the eye-witnesses claim that the
tall sailor who seemed to be the ring
leader, was struck, but managed to stag
ger away from the scene at a good pace.
He is probably hidden in one of the board
ing houses along the front.
STRONG AND FAST HARES.
Dogs That Were Completely Pumped
at Yesterday's Meeting — Four
teen Short-Enders Won.
The hares at Union Park yesterday ran
very strongly and completely pumped
many of the dogs. The course between
Hurricane and Battleship was the longest
of the day, lasting 3 minutes 19 seconds.
According to an established rule, after a
brace of dogs contesting In the open stake
runs for three minutes one or more relief
dogs may be released on a signal fro/n
the official timekeeper. The dog that was
liberated yesterday got in at the kill but
too late to enjoy the running. Winning
Summer Resorts
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in thfs column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advante rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished: table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY IX3 WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
j Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
! complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddlo Horses
and Ponies. ~^ n -.vrr,a
OVER 30 KINDB OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician In attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountp.ln scenery, trout, deer ana
small game plentiful; magnificent a r!v "'
baths in variety, lawn tennis and croquet.
j Reached by the shortest stnge route Into L»«
i County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hnpland. $S: via Callstocra. |9.
I Hotel and cottasre rates. »10 to $14 per week.
Take 8 F & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
■ B. P R. R. to Callstoga. For Illustrated _:>>"£-
-; phlet or further Information nddress J. CRAiu.
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL. or see
! L D CRAIO ll« Montgomery st
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Boda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster ets.. Oakland. _..„-»»
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWJNKEL.
CO Post st.. San Francisco.
LOOK AT
LICK
!
Observatory — one of the greatest
wonders of Ca ifornia Largest tele-
scope in the world, except one.
Ho el Vendome is headquarters
for those who visit the observatory.
The Vendome has been rebuilt —
new and c'.ean.
GEORGE P. SNELL. Pan Jose,
Manager. Cal -
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
Sonoma County: only *V> hours from San
Francisco and but 8 miles' etaglnr: waters
noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
In State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; rcund trip from San Francisco only
$5 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m or J: »
?ren m cc. T rnr^ S t a o d f ay the 58 "-ye R ar f ,:
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats Tree to guests. Fine fishing Excellent
table Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because It Is
dean 'no poison oak no pests. And pure nlr
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. C LEM-
ONS Virginia City, before Juno 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
ROWARDENNAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. ON SAN LOR-
enzo River, 3Vi hours from S. F. ; 40 min-
utes from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electricity; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
Ing fishing and golf links: elegant hall and
dining room; club, billiard and smoking rooms;
now hard-finished and elegantly furnished; tel-
ephone Round trip, $3. Address W. E. v EA-
ZIE, Lessee, South Ben' Lomond.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and tabla
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
' Every day. ■ First party leaves MONDAY, May
29 For Information inquire at the- Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery st., or the Valley Road
office, 321 Market St., San Francisco.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for 'medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs:, round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. *10. • DR. W. R. PRA-
THER.. Adam Spring. :
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO CO. : ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten, dally trains
each way. Open to guests during June and
July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
'; HOTEI^ BENVENUE :\-
And cottages. . Lakepo'rt. Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion, Sox4o; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. A
A. . M. SCALES, Proprietors, r • .
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.; KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal ; California
! Resorts tor FREE DISTRIBUTION. • The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. t -,' •
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On *N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer; board or' camp cottages;" Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. U. MAR-
TIN, , Camp Taylor, Cal. ,', ■ '■:.*• '\':/ ■ »■-.'•-,"">•.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
 ' - i wick, ■ SUkly'ou County, Cal.) ; -
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
BON . BROS., Proprietors. #: '
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and " lowest '■' rates
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffic Dept.,
321 Market st., , San Francisco. !. ■ . .\ : ■;,
Style, a fast bitch, got unsighted from
slip and succeeded only in making a i€v,
wrenches and a kill. The loser was a 3 to
1 favorite. The short end courses, of tin
day were between Lady Clare and Biac K
ette, 3 to 1; Quickstitch and Rochester, o 
to 1, May Queen and Old G ory o to 3,
Dauntless and Winning Style, s *° *•
Beau Peep and Conqueror, 3 Jo 1; frin«
Jerome and Winning Lassie, 5 to_ 3; Mer
ced and October Woodcock, o to 2; VT^m
ise Me and Royal Oak. 3 to 1; Sylvanus
and Luxor, 3 to 1; Pastime_ and Scout
6 to 1: Myrtle and Ben Bolt. 5 to 2; HiacK
Night and Victor King. 2 to 1; Bohe and
Twin City, 5 to 3; Battleship and Hurri
cane 5 to 3. The improvement in the
field 'in the vicinity of the slipper s stand
is a good move in the right direction The
fence running up the field immediately
opposite the slipper's quarters cuts off
considerable useless space and gives the
public an excellent view of the slipping
and the coursing. The results of the
meeting are as follows
Open stake, the run down—Lady riaire beat
Blackette: Mac's Melody beat Commodore
Nash; Tod Sloan beat Jesse Moore; Rollicking
Airs beat Kid McCoy; Royal Flush beat The
SUNDAY MENU
HOTEL EL PASO DE ROBLES.
Green Turtle Lie au Cognac
Consomme
Relishes Chile Sauce Olives
Baked Flounders aux Fine Herbs
Pommes Duchess
Westphalia Ham, Champagne Sauce
Sweetbread Croquetts
Veal Chops, au Macedoine
Oysters, a la Poulette, en Caisses
Pineapple Fritters, Brandy Sauce
Prime Beef au Jus
Young thicken Stuffed. Giblet Sauce
Mashed and Steamed New Potatoes
New Asparagus New Green Peas
Shrimp Mayonnaise
Peach Pie Chocolate Pie
Tapioca Pudding, Port Wine Sauce
Vanila Meringue Tortoni Ice Cream
Assorted Cakes
Nuts and Raisins
American and Swiss Cheese
Fruit Tea Coffee Milk
Otto E. Never, Prop, City Office,
Paso Robles, Cal 636 Market st
j.. A Country Palace, is Hotel Vendome.
\? centered in 12-acreparUof oaks.
SWw Planned fur comfort Modern
\ . hirntshin>!Sthr<)ujjhnUt> Wide
K|& ver.lntl.ls large room},
!3Pi ' i;ro.id InhMes. Cuisine
i^|ij&s^r^Fi .internee unHirp:iss j
UII SJ IB I\T 1 I llPautlful summer and
■ Hblmlbill winter resort. now
I Slllaßl V V owned and managed by
I DR. J. PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
I clan, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco. In the Coast
Range Mountains, At an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
j fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
| plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
I comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
i hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally,
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
Ftage to Paralso.) Round trip. $<!. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
rriiso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St.. S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hjtel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and improved— at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks ■
beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts.. S. F.. *t 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-.
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs. Cal.
.-I . .; ; ; Take S.P.R.R. trains—
Kvrriri ° a.m., 5 p.m. Only 3
BJyl Vll hours' ride. Carriages
c ■'-„■-• * meet every train. No
■J X staging. New hotel,
|I|bT first - class throughout.
■ » V** Hot mineral springs
_ •i- l j.'-. cure rheumatism. Add.
SonnCBS A. BETTENS, Ms?r.
■ «-*., Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 76. Stage'
meets morning trains «nd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co:, Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin st.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW.
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLE.Y; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal. . •' ;■;
HOWELL MOUNTAIN,
A lovely home one mile "from Angwin's Hotel;
about 115 acres; 8 acres hay land; 7 acres full
bearing vineyard; tine spring, also well supplied
by a spring: , house, barn and outbuildings;
adapted for summer, resort. Apply to MRS. H.
T. WAGELAND. St. Helena, Napa Co., Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
■ pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort
■ rest and health culture In a short time. Address
• ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. • St. Helena. Cal.
' SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing: artificial lake for boating and swimming:
long distance telephone: campers' return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
j circulars to J.H. HAESTERS, ; Glenwood, Cal.
■Vrfc^PMITTF Ban Francisco to Chl-
I Vrxjl— lTll 1 l~.» nese by: railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co. 'a coaches, 6o miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. -Single
fare, in either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 19 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL ' ? BE ' CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
;' homelike manner. ■ • th one of the best
i tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage. Address J. WIL' ON, Bertha. • Lake
. County, Cal.' • :'■-■. ..-...- ,/■• ...-,• <•.,.,;<-
rwiMi- Ouiekstltch beat Rochester; Soubrette I
Sfnt Master Claire: -. Belle Claire beat Rustan;
wHnv teat Nancy R = McKlnley beat Pe
uSllus May Queen beat Old Glory; Dauntless
lint Winning Style ; Beau Peep beat . Con
bea' .L" ntiaeo beat Bonita: Emm Pasha beat
Si £1 Vind- Gladiator. beat Trinket: Pretender
M nit of Fa«hion; Wait.a Little beat Sweet ;
n,'. 1 Tnrd Byron beat Mission Tip; St. Oran
cock- VTomlV" Me beat Royal Oak; Ru»ty Gold
r t Mn« - «vlv.inus beat Luxor: Motto beai
Otv Grl Lawrence beat Beauty Spot; Belle
bea^ HurrrJ
brKcH^^L^y'nnmorebea't Little Van.
mmMMsm
SANTA GATAUNA
ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. I, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
j of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links. '
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.. or call on G. W. THOMP-
i SON, Agent, 821 Market st., San Francisco.
; r - |j
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health arc Hotel
and . assured • del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets. Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., S. F.
If yzu are ILL, Overwo ked or
bound for Pleasure, at SARATOGA
SPRINGS, LAKE CO., you will find
HEALTH, REST and RECREATION.
J. MARTENS, Proprietor.
City Office— l l6 Pine st.
Th; Place for f\ T\ /ITT A I">TV n th » FOOT-
RESTandOKCHARDHi^rthe
HEALTH SPRINGS -SSK&
KJA. IHAIVW theC. P.R.B.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: F.inest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all yeah. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Gal.
Sea Beach Hotel
■ SANTA CRUZ; ' CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. LO-
cated on a flowering slope, from the beach.
I'nsurDassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For. terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The Best In the \A/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed ■ with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round. Sulphur. Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURE 3
of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
sis, Skin . Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms. }10 to $18 per week. Dally stage from
Calletoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
RftfA HftTFF The K rall< 3est resort in the
DUIA lIUICL Sierra Nevadas for the
hunter and fisherman: pleasant sunny rooms,
good boating on lake; boats free to guests:
prices reasonable. $S to $10 per week; special
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee
River trout are unequaled in California. W. J.
McDonald. Manager. ' :Kv*;°~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
■ Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen
Sonoma County: also 20 completely furnished
6-room cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water for all diseases in America: camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021 V. Market. st.. bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
KENILWORTH MNnT"
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modem convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; bat 1 furnished cottages.
Terme, $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular.- O. HOWELL. Hopland Cal.
BROOK.SIDE.
The beautiful new .resort at the head of
Napa Valley la now open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, gas, baths,
mineral springs. For health, scenery, climate
and beautiful drives it is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop.. Cal-
istoga. Cal. \- ...
MENDENH.ULL MINERAL SPRINGS.
Open under new management, on cottage
plan: 1000 feet above sea: average, heat, 75 i
degrees • Stage connects with trains at Liver- ;
more at 2:15 p. m. Entire fare from San Fran-
cisco, $2 50. For particulars address DR.
FRANK PITT. Proprietor. Llvermore. Cal.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful secnery and drives: unexcelled
hunting: best trout fishing in California: excel-
lent table. $7 50 per week: fine rigs for accom-
modation of guests: dally malls. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI. SO9 Call, bulld-
inc. San Francisco. - ■
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tlb-
uron ferry. ' Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. , electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week $2 per day. Address Aqua CaJ l-
ente Springs. Aqua Callente. Sonoma^- ■ cal.
WDITC-W H MILLER. Uklah Stables, for
Xl 1 C economical and best way and ac-
\ commodations' to Springs in Lake and ™* °-
cino counties. Stage for Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell. Saratoga Springs. Witter -.Springs and
Upper Lalte. ' . ,
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good tishlrig. hunting, bathing-, fresh
milk butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terras,
K. *fc? M SHELfo Ad. Cloverdale, . Cal.
Free carriage.
cess Royal: Honor Bright beat Risky Attempt-
Vulcan heat Royal Fan; Manila beat Green
Is!.': Atalanta beat Glover; Cash beat Green
Boy; Thornhlll Come • tx at U tgnolla . Mai
brat Klttie Lee; Carmenoita beat Maid Marlon;
Cleopatra beat Sky Blue; T. E. T,. beat Young
America; Belmont Girl !>•■;•.*. Justice; Craig
Boy b.'at Mips Twteter; Flying Fox beat Aloha.
Second round— Fair Lily beat Royal Anne;
Friar Tuck bpat Wait a Bit; Pat Horgan I it
Honor Bright: Manila beat Vulcan: Cash beat
Atalanta: Narcissus beat Thornhill < "1
Carmeneita beat Cleopatra: Helnmnt Gii! • *
T. E. L. ; Craig Boy beat Flying Fox.
Third roand— Fair Lily beat Friar Turk; Cash
beat Pat Horgan: NarcAsua beat Manila:
mencita beat Holmont Girl; Craig Boy a bye.
Brutally Beat His Wif
John J. Zweifer, 546 Hayes street, was
yesterday sentenced to six months in the
County Jail by Judpe Mngan on the
charge of beating his wife Ellen. It was
shown in the evidence that Zweifer beat
his wife so bad that her life was de
spaired of.
■ ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture an<l pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-l<>23 Mission.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guerneville
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man in
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville, in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerue- ■'
ville branch. The people of the town and "■»••
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville, olfer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will >c
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville, representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thl« delightful watering place Is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold,
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine «tone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric light*, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also in new cottages. Just
completed.
MRS. pi: T. WIIOORE.
BELVKDERK.
fln| CD 4 ll— Most beautiful spot In Lal<-»
vAuLiODAU County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all elsa
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad. Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars^ .•
n r r c> TOCALOMA. M £S. IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; fishing: beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel ' Dining-room,
| first floor. 58 Third St.. San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop.. Napa County, Cal. Bur*
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion. . rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs am located in Napa County, 20 mllei
«ast of St. Helena. The water la bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
Stags leaves St. Helens.
GLENWOOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS. SANTA CRUZ
M"t'ns; 5 minutes' walk from depot: milk,
poultry, fruit. Iron springs; cas throughout:
telephone and telegraph Round trip. $2 50: $S to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN. Glen wood. Cal.
JO ANN ISB ERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACB
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeder 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to $10 per
week Send for circulars. JOHANNISBEKO .
RESORT, Oakville. Napa County. Cal. - ; A
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment: none better
i in I Alia Co. cas indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND I
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural • hot mineral baths. Good country
board. Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. Cal.
SHERWOOD FOREST,
Summer home in Santa Cruz Mountains; $7 a
week: camping. R. L. MILLER, Eccles Station.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
' ranch, located in Blackburn Gulch. 5 miles
> from Santa Cruz: delightful summer home In
the redwoods,- running water: abundance of
fruit: good table; terms. $3 per week; children
■ under 10, $3. Address W. LiiAXDELL, Santa
. Cruz. Cal. . -
PRETTY cottage, 6 rooms, bath, furnished; 5
. minutes from station; near salt baths: red-
• wood groves; garden; terms for 3 months or
more; reasonable: appreciated if seen. MRS.
J. ALLEN, Larkspur, Marin County.
EDGEMONT— Delightful boarding . place in
Santa Cruz Mountains: fine accommodations-
lively neighborhood: daily mail: long distance
phone. Patchin P. 0.. Santa Clara Co.. Cal.
OAK GROVE cottage. Saratoga: newly -fur-
nished; good table; Congress Springs water-
team for drives. Address box 6. Saratoga. '
ANY one looking . for nice, quiet, comfortable wA
farm home to spend vacation address F*^'
QUIEN. Glen Ellen. . Sonoma Co.. Cal.
MANZAMTA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms.- with board; good accommodations at
Manzantta' Villa.COMPANIONS OF THE
FOREST OF AMERICA
The Principal Supreme and Grand Officers Who Control the j
Interests of the Membership. f
ON Wednesday, 'lie 7th of June, the
< ;r;tinl Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America will con
vene in .El Dorado Hall in the
Alcazar building for the purpose of
transacting such business as may be
presented in the way of new legisla
tion. The order has quite an extensive
membership in the United States, but
California is unique in relation to the
order in that it is the only State that
has a Grand Circle, all the other
States being gover.iod by the Supreme
Circle. -The supreme chief companion
of the order is Mrs. Sarah Storey of
Philadelphia, Pa., and the supreme
linancial secretary is Miss A. B. Les
ter of Bridgeport, Conn.
In California the officers of the
Grand Circle arc Ira W. Coburn of
MINING LAWS
OF THE STATE
OF CALIFORNIA
Their Present Status
Is Made Clear.
Ever sine Tlrey 1.. Ford has fill<-il the
office of Attorney General he has had
numerous Inquiries ir.mi people i" all
j.;irt.s of the country ;is to the present
■ the mining laws of California
relating to mining locations and mining
! thai for «
he was tl foi the Call-
AjßSOdation his views u|i"n
lects arc worthy of careful at
m, and bis conclusions will no doubt
■ i ac i orred Interpretations of
the statutes. Mr. Ford h.-<s clearly ex
pressed his views and opinions on this
i re< • ntlj In a private Letter to Wil
]...iri I. Eschbacher. En his communica
tion Mr. Ford said:
. Prior to 1897 there bad been do State law in
California prescribing the manner in which
mining claims should be located or requiring
notices of location to i•■ record* d The act of
March 27, 1657, however, undertook to pre
scribe the manner In which minims claims
should be located upon the public domain, at
the same time requiring the notice of location
to be recorded with the County Recorder of
the county In which the claim was situated.
This act also abolished minim: districts
throughout the State, and required the district
records to be deposited with the County Re
corders of the several counties.
The act last referred was repealed by the
act of March 10, 1899, thu« leaving the State
law with reference to the location and record-
San Francisco, grand chief compan
ion; Mrs. Flora Jacobs of San Fran
cisco, sub-chief; Aim., D. Bremer,
linancial secretary; Mrs. Lizzie At
wood of San Francisco, recording sec
retary; Mrs. E. W. Haughy of San
Frandaco; treasurer ; Miss J. Wokura
of Santa Barbara, marshal; Miss Mai -.
1-o.vo. right guide; Mrs. J. W. Shaffer
Of Kern City, left guide; A. p. Sherer
or Jamestown, Inner guide; a. m.
Palmer of Watson ville. outer guard;
Mrs. A. R. Palmer of San Francisco
or Kfl nist; Mrs. l: Kemp Van i--. of
San Francisco, Mrs. V. Holland of
SaniFrandsco and Mrs. A. Davis of
Oakland, trust.-,.-.
; t important matters
HI be considered will be :i propo
sition to abolish tl). Grand ■
mi mbership undei the con
trol ol fie S i rcli . The olh< r
Important event will b tlon of
Ing of mining claims in precisely the same con
dition in which it was prior to the passe of
tne act of 189,, en far as the statute boo* are
concerned, excepting ns to the duty of the County
Recorder, as will i... hereinafter noted In th«
Bbuenee'of any State law governing the loca
non and recording of mining claims the laws
of Congress and the local rulea and customs
control with reference thereto.
Hon. Curtis U. Llndley, in his valuable work I
on mines, has concisely stated the Federal law i
upon the subject of mining locations and the
recording "'' the same, from which may be
gathered the following provisions with refer
ence thereto:
Location of lode or quartz claims —
The nets necessary to be performed to
constitute a valid lode location under
the Federal law are (1) the discov
ery, (2) the marking of th. location on the
ground so . that Its boundaries can be readily
traced. No nqtlee need be posted or recorded:
no particular kind of ... quired so
long as the boundaries can be readily traced.
Such a discovery having been made as will
satisfy the law, the marking of the location on
the ground including the place of discovery
completes the location and clothes the locator
with the complete possessory title. No labor
need be performed until within the year com
mencing on the Ist day of January succeeding
the date of location
Location of placer claims— By the Federal
laws a placer claim is located by marking the
boundaries so that they can t,.- readily traced.
As we said in regard to lode claims, no notice
need be posted, no particular kind of marking
is required, nor is any record made necessary.
In the absence of State or local regulations the
marking of the boundaries perfects . the- loca-
FUcoTding notices of location—The Congres
sional laws do not In terms require a notice of
location, but they provide that where a record
of location is made such record shall contain
the name or names of the locators, the date of
the location, and such a description of the
claim located, by reference to some natural ob
ject or permanent monument, as will identi
fy the claim. In the absence of a State law
or local rule or. custom requiring a record to
be made. Congress has not undertaken to pre
scribe the nature of the notices which a miner
may be compelled by such laws, rules or cus
toms to post, or which he may see fit to post
on his own motion. It Is only where such
notice or Its equivalent, is required to ]„ re
corded that the provisions of the Federal law
become mandatory. ' Where the State laws or
local rules- or customs require a record to he
made, the recorded instrument •must contain
at least the elements provided for by the laws
of Congress. *
Local rules and customs— These provisions of
the Federal law are supplemented' by local
rules and customs which have the force of
law, excepting where they may conflict with
some State or . Federal law upon the same
subject. These local rules and customs are
not uniform throughout the "State and I could
not here undertake to enumerate their pro
THE SAIST FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
praiifl officers in case the proposition
t" abolish tiir grand body fails. Mrs.
Flora Jacobs, in line of promotion lor
th< [".--iti.iii of grand chief, has a fair
chance of being elected, attaough it is
assrit.d that she will have opposition.
Mis. Haughy, the treasurer, Is
spoken ..;' .is candidate for sub-chief;
Mrs. s. Preston >>f Orange Blos6om
Circle <.f Oroville, Airs. J. W. Shaffer,
tli. !• ft Kiiidi 1 , and Mrs. A. Davis,
grand trustee, have also been mrn
lloned as candidates fur that office.
Miss Bremer will be a Candidate to
succeed herself as financial secretary,
and Mis. Kemp Van Ec will be a cai -
didate to succeed herself as grand
trustee. Ther< prill also be a contest
for thr- office >>f supreme representa
tive.
There are about :i2.~. circles in the
I nited St.tt. -s. i\ iif which are located
in California. These represent an ajf
visions They usually 'agree, however, in the
matter of requiring notices or location to be
posted and record* 'I and when such notices of
location are required to be recorded the Fed
eral law, as we- have seen, prescribes that cer
tain things shall be- shown in the record.- Gen
erally speaking, the law in relation to the lo
cation and recording of mining claims Is sub*
stantially the name to-day .-is it was prior to
the enactment of the so-called mining act of
IS97i. '
Duties of County Recorders with respect to
recording notices of location— Chapter 4, arti
cle 1, section 1158 of the Civil Code provides:
"Any instrument or. Judgment affecting the
title to or possession of real property may be
recorded under this chapter." Section 1169 pro
vides that notices of location or mining claims
may be recorded. Section 1189 of article 2 pro
vides:' '•Instruments" entitled to be recorded
must be recorded by the County Recorder of
the county in which the real property affected
thereby Is situated." Section 119 of the county
government act provides: "The Recorder must
procure such books for records as the business
of his office requires, but orders for the same
must first be obtained from the Board of Super
visors. The books used may contain printed
Will Tuesday — Memorial Day— we close. lIS
mill Wednesday we begin with enthusiastic JIM
'. ," } earnestness to close out- our big stock llm
will of carpets, furniture and household //jl
|j j/ goods. Holiday w.ll give us better ar- /jjfi
1/ 1 rangement, better opportunity to see ////■
I// where further reductions can be made. 11 111
fl// See Wednesday papers for further fur- / 1 llm
1/ ALEX MACK AY <S- SON, ////]■
mj 71 3 MARKET STREET, Near Call Building. f////JB
gregate membership of 19,000 and of
this number a little in excess of 1800
are distributed in the California cir
cles. In the vdrioue treasuries there
is an aggregate of U69.000-, $4500 of that
amount being in tlir California circles'
treasuries. During the past year there
has been ;< Brain in finance as well as
membership. Four circles were insti
tuted ;m<l one was reinstated. One new
circle is In Salinas, another in this
city, a third in Santa Rosa and tho
fourth in Dos Ang ties.
The order is one that furnishes l'roe
medicine and medical attendance to
members and buries Its dead.
The convention of '99, which was or
ganized to entertain the delegates and
grand officers, outgoing and Incoming,
will, during the session, give a ball in
honor of the officers and delegates and
will have them a.s guests at a ban
quet.
i forms of deeds, mortgages or other instruments
of , general use. He has the custody of ami
must keep all books, records, maps and papers
deposited in his office."
Section 120 of. the county government net
' provides that the Recorder must record, upon
i the payment of his fees for the game, separate
! ly, in large and well-bound separate books, in
1 fair hand, such writings as are required or per
i mitted by law to be recorded. From the fore
going provisions it would appear that a notice
of location of a mining claim is entitled to be
recorded in the county In which the claim is
■ituated. That it is the duty of the County Ke
trlirders to keep books for that purpose and to
record the same, upon the payment of his fees,
in the same manner as he is required in record-
Ing other instruments.
There is at present no State or Federal law
requiring' notices of location to be recorded,
nor need they be recorded in the absence of any
local rule or custom to that effect. Heretofore
in many of the mining districts in tills State
the local rules and customs required that no
tices of location should he recorded in the office
of the County Recorder of the county In which
the claims were situated. That such notices
when so recorded might constitute a good and
legal record was doubtless the object the leg
islature had in view of making provision for
thf recording of «urh notices by the County
Recorder. As before stated, however, such
notices are not required to be recorded with
the County Recorder in the absence of a dis
trict rule or custom requiring the same.
Note— Jbere appears to be a slight error in
the wording of the repealing act of l»v>fl, the
effect of which I have not considered. I have
assume.! in the foregoing that the act of IS'J7
was effectually repealed.
DESERTION THE
GROUND FOR A
DIVORCE SUIT
Senator Shortridge Is
the Defendant.
Mrs. Adele M. Shortridge filed suit yes
terday against her husband. Senator
Charles M. Shortridge, for a divorce. De
sertion is set forth as the cause of com
plaint, no other charge being made.
In her complaint Mrs. Shortridge says
that she married Senator Shortridge in
this State April 27. 1881. On October 1.
1897, she alleges that Senator Shortridge
deserted her and has since refused to live
with her. For these reasons sin- asks
that an absolute divorce be granted her,
together with the custody of her minor
children and her share of the community
property, which she alleges exceeds $liO,
--000 in value.
Adele Vesta Shortridge. the eldest child
of the litigants, was horn June 15. IKS 2,
the youngest, Charles Morris Shortridge.
on April l. IW2. The : hlldren are at pies
ent residing with their mother, who sets
forth that she is a resident of this city.
The welfare of the children, she says.
will be besl promoted by the award or
their custody to their mother and with
their welfare In view she asks a decree
giving her such custody and Other relief
as stated. In conclusion she prays for an
order of couri directing Senator Bhort
rklgo to pay her alimony with which to
carry pn the trial and for her support
pending the conclusion of the litigation.
"Olympia" Belf-pteying Music Boxes are
the best. See them at Mauvais', 769 Mar
ket street. *
WILL BUILD A HOME.
Eureka Society for the Protection of
Children Asks for Aid.
Tt has been decided by the Eureka So
clety for the Protection of Children to
build a structure to take the place of that
now occupied by the Eureka Boys' Home,
where twenty-eight little folks who were
taken away from improvident parents am
now cared for. To secure the nucleus for
a building fund and assist the society in
carrying on its work it has been decided
to givi a benefit entertainment on the j
evening of Thursday, June 29, in the v.
M. C. A. auditorium. The best local tal- |
ent is being secured for this occasion, and
the ladies who have volunteered to dis
pose Of the tickets for it report that they
are meeting with a nattering reception
from the business community, which they
have already begun to canvass.
This is the first time in two years that
the society has bad a benefit. There can
be no doubt from the reception that the
announced Intention to give one has met
with that it will be a uuccess in every
way.
Dear Madam: Pegamoid says come!
you're welcome, Chronicle building, No. 61.
■ ♦ ■ ;
New Tent of Maccabees.
A new tent of the Maccabees >>f th<
World was instituted in this city last Frl
day night in Native Sons' Hall by Deputy
Supreme Commander J. M. Emerins.
Thirty applicants were initiated and
thirty-five more will be initiated to-mor
m%- night, when the chapter will close.
r , ADVERTISEMENTS. .
" mm nap 99
44 breaks up "
COLDS
Open Cars,
Open street cars may be all very well
on warm days, but in the sharp change
to night air and on rainy days they
become veritable death traps— respon-
sible for more Colds and Sickness than
any other single cause. Your greatest
protection is to have a bottle of "77"
handy; its prompt use will "break up"
and prevent the Cold.
Be sure to ask your druggist for a
copy of Dr. Humphreys'. Manual of all
.Diseases and doctor yourself at home,
or address -.■' -■'
' Humphreys'. Medicine Co., -Cor. William &
John St 3.. New York. -■
fhfcw int. «% jrtk m B-t»if*k fu " ct """ c -' V(> '
HOME REMEDY n :^i
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS Not Vf n & h o
wrong ' For all these pains, irregularities and difficulties no
remedy on earth «, « Mf | .D jf\ Easily , p pii e d by I*ll1 * 11 ? 1 '-
• - ■ isv»*l«lU KSU self. ReUevcnntl pain
Sin Vomb or Ovarie* In 10 minute*.
anil Despcndcncy. Ciire(tL*ucorrhcf», Wot •
Complaints, nisjilacemfnts, Backache, HfSiing
Down Pains and all Female Disorders. jflMk
Cheer* the spirits and Vltp'UeßCtXtj
th«- whole frame. Snie, fii^e and wflw
Absolutely Harmless. One 60 eMitc Mit box wlir.^*"' .
complete a cure in ordinary cases. . ■
CThDC II ! DAIU SOLO BY ATX DRUGGISTS.,
0 I Ui 0 ALL I Alii or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES ThePcrrecio Co.C«xton mil fiu m
Sold by Owl Drug Co 1 ., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. ISryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
RAILROAD TRAVEL,.
Via BibhUU Parry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FHANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •S:oO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, 6:00, 6:36 f p. m.
EXTHA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAx'S— •B:OO. »9:00. *10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a m.; 1:00. *1:45, »2:30, . '4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
' 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:40, 7:55. 8:40. «10:20
a m. . 12:30, .2:15, »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, »9:45, *10:43, »11:45
a. m.. 1:00, 2:20. '3:30, . •8:18, •6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m. " '■'.' -■■■•''-■ -'.-"
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S.- -6:50. 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on I Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— B:OO, ' 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:00,
1-20 2:40 3:55, 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. '
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point ■ Reyes and way stations. •■ ;, .
8:00 a. - m. Sundays— Caxadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and . way ; sta'na.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY
'Leave San Francisco, via Sausalitu Ferry.
> Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
. WEEK DAYS.' 9:30 a. m. and .1:43 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday,- Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning -Same Even-
Inge, Arriving. in S. F. at 11:20 -p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
■• -.-■.,'.■ ';,-■• . - ■ and 4 p.-.m..-' , -• .
f On May 30 Trains Run on Sunday Time. /
Fare. S. :• F. to , Summit ( and t Return, .$1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market at
■ , - * '.; . ■ - '■■■-.
oooo«ooo;ci!«»«aooooooooooooooooooooooo
;cityof|J| PARIS j
«;. DRY GOODS COMPANY. g
&
! LADIES' HOSIERY, \
° Extra Inducements in New Importations in Followirg Lines: &
| ...MONDAY, MAY 29 th ... I
« RCin Poll-— LADIES ' BLACK LISLE THREAD HOSE, a special value. The °
« Jvu rail beauty of black hosiery is in the dye. a
O £Clr> Doll'— LADIES' DROP-STITCH LISLE THREAD HOSE, in black, tan ?
J OUCrdir and opera shades. - "
I CHILDREN'S HOSIERY. »
? CHILDREN'S LISLE THREAD HOSE, tripe knee— "
o Sizes sto 6}*..... ....20c pair. i Sizes 7to 9tf... 25c pair.
MCE LATEST SHADES IN LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S TAN HOSIERY. »
» ' . ■". ' : . ' . a
I LADIES^ UNDERWEAR, «
! ■a 50c Each— LADIES' EQUESTRIAN TIGHTS, white or ecru. $
° 50c Each— LADIES' SWISS RIBBED LISLE THREAD VESTS, in black, white, a
a and colors, low neck, no sleeves, worth 75c. • £$
° 85c Each— SUMMER WEIGHT VESTS and DRAWERS, in full finished lisle thread. a
S," $1.00 Each— LADIES' SUMMED WEIGHT COMBINATION SUITS, long or short ~
*** . sleeves, in white or ecru. a
a . • ■■■ .... ■ . a
» ■ a
* CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, »
# S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo.
■0 UNION SQUARE.
w MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION "
STORE CLOSED DECORATION DAY— TUESDAY. '
o o
00 a 00000 000 00 000 00000000000 v a o 00 000;
Marvelous Results With
Jf V/3RLD FAMOUS IV 8 N
■^ST I MABIANI WINE .TONIC
,"^ Malaria, La Grippe, General Deity, .
SPRING FEVER.
Send for Portraits and Endorsements. MAPIANI & CO., 52 W. 15TH-ST.. NFW YORK
For Bale at All Druggist* Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes. Beware of Imitations.
KAILBOAD TBAVEL.- j
MVTHKKR I'.tCirK' C»3ir*KT. . ™
(PAotrio svrfrtEM.) ' . ' :
Wiilbs !•■>«• nnd •*■*• tin* to »rrl»» •■ • '
HAN ->"UAIf C'lStlO. ... ~
(Main tine, FoT)t of Market Street.) , . '
lbatb — From May 7, 1839. ~ ".— '■'-;'. "arrive,
7:00 a. Benlcia, Siifeuu and fiacramento . :. 5i45» ,
?:U«a Marysvillo, OroTilluand Uctldlnß via .. •'
Woodland *..,..„..«.... ¥ .*O:4sr, r i
7:OOa. Elinira, VacaTilloandßiimscy...... ; S:4sp j
7::i«A Martinet, San Uamon,Valle]>>. Napa, . • •
Calistoga ami Santa Rom.. - 0:l5p |
»iOO\ A tlautic Kxpresa, OgOen and KH3t.. 8:43p
I:3Ua Ban line. LiTrrmore, SLocktou,
lon'j. .Sacramento, P'.actrrille,
MiiryHTlll.-, Ohico, lte.lliliiir 4:15p
SiSOa •Milton, Oakdalo and Monora 4:15p
8:OOa Hay\ranlg, Niles QDd Way (Stations. I 1:45 a !
9:OOa. Martinez, Tracy, l.athrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15*
»:««a Frejiio, ]:ok«.T«lielil, Banta Hurimra,
■ Los Angeles, Doming, El I'aso,
New Orleans and East 0:45»
1 0:00 A.' Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43»
ll:0O.\ Haywards, lies and Way Stations. 8:43f
12iOUti Mh-fl, I.ivermorf, Htockton, fiacra- *
racnto, Mendota, Hanford, Visali*,
, PcrterTillo , .|:l(Ip
•isßOrSacramoiitoliiver Sunnier*.. "K:OOp
8:OOp Ilaywardii, Niks and Way Stations. ."i:43p
Martinez, Kirn lUtiioii, Val!i>Jn,
Napa, (.'ulißltiKu, bantu Kosa I>il9a
4iOOp Beni.-la, Vaca»llle, .Sacrmuentn,
Wdoilland, Knights landing.
MarjßTlllo. 0r0v111^.....; 10:15* i
.^4:3op Nlloß, San Jose and Stockton ..; 7:I."Jp !
4:3OpYo3emite Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:15p
5:00p StocktOD, Merced, Fresno ia:l3f
SiOop Martinez, Tracy, Mitndota, Fresno,
' Mojavo and 1.-.8 Angeles 8:4»a
OiOop Hiiiita !■'•> Itiinin. Atlantic Express
f,.r MoJaTo ami Kr.st 6:4»»
6:»» The Owl. Fresno, BakersBeld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:45*.
6:00p Kurnpeuu Mail, Ogilnnaud Kait...> 0:4.1*
6:00p Hay wards, Niles and San Jose - 7:43 a.
•O:OOi-Vaflej() ISilS*
7iO»i> Oregon ICx|<ri-sii,H»craiiieiit(i, Marys- *
. vllle, lidding. I'ortlaml, I'nget
fjoiiiiiland Kast... 7i454 '
t»:OOp Vallcio, Port Costa and Way St,a-
timis tlO:f»OT
COAST DIVISION (Narrow flange).
(Foot of Market Street.) ' J
{7:45 a Santa Cruz Eicuraion for Santa ■
Crui and Principal Way Stations JB:©s»
8:1 5a Newark, CeuterTillc.San Jose, Felton,
- Boulder Creek, Santa and Way
Stations 5»30»
•ail.Tp Newark, C'enterTlllo, Ban Jose, New
Almadeo, Felton, Itouldor Creek, ,
Santa Cruz and I'rincipal Way
Stations MO:3©4
4tlsr Sun Jose, Ulenwood and Way Sta-
; tions '.. 0:20*
MUI3r Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Stations.
tions.. ■ /0:20*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn SIN mSCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 r.-OO 11:00 a.M. Jl:00 '8:00 13:00
•4:00 $6:00 •8:O0i > .m.
frtmOilUSD— ?oet of Bro»dw«j.— «B:00 8:00 10:OO*.M.
(12:00 «l:00 t2:00 *3:00 t«:C3 •5:00 p.m. .
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iatißp).
(Third mid Townaeml Stg.) - _^ '
*6: 1 0 v Ocean View, South San Francisco.. # 6:3«)»
•7:O(»a Ran Jose and. Way Stations (New .
Almaden Wednesdays only) I«3O»
{7t3OA Sunday , Excursion for San Joao.
SauU Cruz, Piicilio GroTo and '
Principal Way Stations ;8:33f
OiOOa Han June, Tres Pinixi, Sunta Cruz,
Tacllic Orovo, l'aso Hiibles, San
liiiln Obigpn, Quadalupe, Surf and
Pilncliml Wny .Stations 4:10p
I««4Oa Han Josonnd Way Stations ....... *8:OO*
11:80* San Jose ami Way Stations 0:80*
•ai4SpSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
' Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose, I
Qilroy, fiollistor, Suuta Cruz,
» Sallniu, ' Monterey and Pacific
GroTe *lOi3«A
«B:3OpSanJose and Way Stations *9:4)0a
*4;15p San Josenmt Principal Way Stations 0: 43*
•s:OOpPanJosoaud Principal Way Stations 6:S.l*
San June anil Principal Way *8:3.1*
o:itOi* San Josoan.l Stations :....... 7:»0p
f11:4.1p San Jose Way Stations.. ' 7:»Op
A for Morning. '■ P or A f ternnnn.
* Sunday excented. I Sunday only. t Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday /Suudav and Monday.
California
limited
Santa It Route
Connecting: Train Leaves . San i
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5 j
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES- '■
DAY. FRIDAY. ■:.:
Arrives In Chicagro at 9:52 A. M. the !
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
. York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday ;
and Wednesday. "
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car , and . Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
■ SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— S2I MARKET SI
TELEPHONE . MAIN • 1531. ' v
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. •
Saoramento Office -201 ■ Street. ,"
San Jose Offioo— 7 West Santa Olara St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' . EAILRO AD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTRWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
■■: ■ RAILWAY COMPANY.
•" Titmron Perry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
1:30, - 5:10., 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
•it 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. *
BUNDAY6— B:OO, 9:30, 11:09 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. .
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
• 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:66 and (:33 p. la.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:4», 3:40. 6:05,
6:25 p. m. -■
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game schedule aa above. . ■
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
: April 16. —
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:20 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petal uma. 6:05 pm 10:25 an»
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa K'jfti. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton, '
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdbburg.
Lytton,
Geysarvllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Qtoverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pta
7:30 am I Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 aa
8:00 am Quernevtlle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm . 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebaetopol. 10:40 am; 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| |.7;35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Clovetdale for the Geysers;. at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Ilullville.
Boonevllle. ■ Philo. ' Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro. Whitesboro. Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Brag?.
Westport, Usal. Willltt*. Laytonvllle, Cum-
-ning's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round .trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
A Superb Train
<iJ2jgSb EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
4wUnioii Pacific.
fs&s Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
. FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS^,
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 84 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
XaMrea Ban Francisco dally at ( p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Aerent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Franclseah
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899. trains will run aa fotlown
Bouth-bound. ' North-bound.
_____ — »
Pasiien- Mixed. Mix« 4. Passen-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ger.
Dally.' Exc'ptd . - - - Exc'ptd Daily.
7:10 am 10:80 am . Stockton 3:46 pm 6:00 pra
1:10 am 2:08 pm Merced 12:40 4:13 pra
10:40 am 6:35 ptn Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pro
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford' 7:45 am 1:45 pra
s 1:85 pm 12:.10 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm Visalla (:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:63 pm| ■'. Tulare; 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
" Stopping at intermediate points aa required.
. For particular! of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 121 Market
street- San Francisco. :
Weekly Cafl,sl.oo per Year
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Dall, corner of Market and Third streets, open
mtll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
icrner Clay; open until 9:.W o'clock.
?S7 Hayes Ftreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1911 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
5261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
intll S o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2i,26 Mission utreet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twsnty-second and Kentucky
itreetp; open until 9 o'clock.
. CHURCH NOTICES.
yAT The Strangers' Sabbath Home
(64 Howard St. Methodist-Episcopal
Chuich Bet. ad & 3d Sts. Seats Free.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Pastor
Res. by the Church. Tel. Black o6t.
nAmfortableseat )
A 111 lurteous erecting: > Await yo»
wUrdlal welcome * ■' ■
11 ,m., sermon by Rev. Dr. J. P.
Widney of Los Angeles (.formerly
member of Howard-street chuich);
tenor solo by Dr. Noble.
The Grand Army of the Republic Hive
posts) worship here in the evening; 7:30 to 8,
patriotic air song service; sermon by the pas-
tor on "Patriotism, Past and Present." Scats
reserved. Soloists, Miss Mabel Perkins and
Miss Hermione Lask. Come early. Young
people's meeting, 6:30.
ST. PAUL'S Church. California St., near Fill-
Rector, Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly. Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday school, 9:30
a. m. Morning service, sermon by the rector
und holy communion. 11 a. m. SPECIAL
MONTHLY CHORAL EVENSONG, 7:45
P. M.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, Oak and Ba-
ker st*.. (Panhandle, Golden Gate Park.)—
Morning, 11, Rev. L. B. Bowerman of Seattle;
evening, 7:45, Rev, Frank W. Woods of Pas-
adena, delegates Baptist National convention.
Sunday school at 9:30; Christian Endeavor at
6:30; Wednesday evening prayer meeting at
7:45.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sis. Rev. John Hemphill. D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Rev. Rhys R. Lloyd, D.D., of Oakland, will
preach morning and evening. Parents will
please present their children for baptism at
the beginning of the morning service. Mu-
sic, morning. anthem, "Praise the .Lord"
(Dudley Buck); offertory, tenor solo, Mr. D.
M. Lawrence Music, evening. "Jubilate Deo"
in _ flat. Arthur Foote: offertory, "Evening
Hymn." Rheinberger quartet, unaccompanied.
All are made welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Bts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor. Rev. Henry C. Mabie. D.D.. of Bos-
ton, Mass., secretary of the American Bap-,
tist Missionary Union, will preach at 11 a.
m. At 7:45 p. m. a memorial service, com-
memorative of Decoration day, at which
George H. Thomas Post, Grand Army of the
Republic, will be present. The choir, assist-
ed by the Masonic quartet, will render famil-
iar war songs. Samuel D. Mayer, organist
and choir master. Sermon by the pastor;
theme. "What Was Accomplished by the
Sacrifice of Noble Lives In 1861 to 1885."
CKNTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion, bet. Sixth and Seventh, Dr. Charles Ed-
ward Locke, pastor— At 11 a. m.. Rev. M.
P. Fikes ot Trenton, N. J. At 7:45 p. m.
Dr. Locke will preach in Metropolitan Tem-
ple. Fifth St.. near Market,. Subject, "Bat-
tles of Peace," a Decoration day sermon, in-
cluding some thoughts on the return of Ad-
miral Dewey. Seats free. All invited. Sun-
day school, 12:45 p. m. Christian Endeavor,
6 p. m. The Sunday night services will be
continued in the Metropolitan Temple during
the month of June. Special invitations are
extended to Hera and their families to
the patriotic service this evening.
SIMPSON . Memorial ' Methodist Episcopal
church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, pastor. At 11 a. m. Rev.
L. C. Barnes, D.D., of Pittsburg, will preach.
At 7:45 p. m. a patriotic service will be held,
to be addressed by Rev. Dr. Meredith of To-
peka, Kan. Special patriotic music. At the
evening service the graduating class of the
Deaconess Training School will receive the
insignia of their calling. Sunday school at
12:30 p. m.; Epworth League at 6:45 p. m.
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.. Rev. Dr. Stebbins,
minister emeritus; Rev. Stopford W Brooke,
minister pro tern, and superintendent of Sun-
day school— The Sunday school i* at 10 o'clock,
the morning service Is at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Brooke will occupy the pulpit. Subject of
sermon, "Jesus and Criticism." All are
cordially invited. There is no evening ser-
vice.
THE West Side Christian Church will hold its
regular services at 11 a. m. anil 7:45 p. m.
In the morning the Rev. R. E. Manning of
Chicago, in the evening the Rev. F. J. Salz-
man of Mlxsoula, Mont., both in attendance
at the Baptist convention, will preach. Sun-
• day school is held at 10 a. m. Young people's
meeting at 6:45 p. m.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st. . bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m ;
subject. "God the Only Cause and Creator."
Sunday school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at S o'clock. All
are welcome.
rHE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourses at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject. "Thou Shalt Not Want Guidance; I
Find No Fault in Him." Services every Sun-
day in Yosemite Hall, Native Sons' building.
Mason Bt., between Geary and Post; take
elevator.
REORGANISED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post st.— Preaching. 11 a. m., by D. A. An-
derson; preaching, 7:30 p. m.. "We Believe
in God the Eternal Father and His Son
Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost. That Men
Will Be Punished for Their Own Sins and
Not for Adam's Transgression." He that
cometh to God must believe that He is.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Mass meeting for men only this after-
noon at 3 o'clock: address by Rev. P. S.
Ilenson, D.D., of Chicago. Good music. In-
teresting sen-Ice and all young men invited
to attend.
THE Theosophical Society. Golden Gate Lodge—
Popular lectures every Sunday at 8 p. m.. Odd
Fellows' building. Seventh and Market sts.
Subject to-night. "The Journey of Life; Its
Ultimate Purpose and Present Value," .by Mr.
Charles P. Neilson. Lotus circle, children's
meeting, 10:30 a. m. Sunday In library of Odd
Follows* building.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
A SINGLE-TAX MEETING.
Here Is a chance to make yourself up 'to
•late in the philosophy taught by Henry
George, and advocated by Tom L. Johnson,
the millionaire railroad owner {.nil Congress-
man. Loughead Hall, 1605 Polk street, this
(Sunday! evening, May 28, E o'clock. Admis-
sion free. No collection. Music.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (the Theosophical
Society in America). 813 Market — Lecture
to-night. Subject, "Idols and Ideals." Tues-
day night. International Brotherhood League.
Subject, "Patriotism."
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister —
Sunday, May '-'>•. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker, Mrs.
R. S. Llllle Subject, "The Psychic an.l th-
Medial." continued. Admission free.
MRS. D. J. MORAN and her gifted children.
Mary Ellen and little Eddie, to-night, 25c;
circles Tuesday and Thursday evenings, 10c;
clairvoyant sittings. $1; trance, $10. 414 Bills.
at DR. RINKS' Spiritual Society. 909 Market
St.. 11. 3, 8, Mrs Bird. Vigers. Seeley. Gll-
llngham. Dr's office, 1236 Market st. Tues-
day, 8 p. m., 1238 Howard st.
TO-NIGHT— Lower Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin
St., Bishop S. Garrison gives experiences in
spiritualism and among mediums; phenomena;
10c. • . • ■ •
CLAIRVOYANT readings reduced from $1 to
25c for 4 weeks; 1724 Market st.. near Polk;
meeting every evening; 10c. MRS. seip.
MEDIUMS* Ass'n. Occidental Hall. 305 Larkin
St.. Tuesday evening; Mrs. Seal, Mrs. Shriner,
Mr. Hargrave; admission 10c. . ■ ;
DR. M. A. POTTENGER lectures to-night at
8 and Tuesday at 2 p. m. at 30 McAllister St.,
on "Yoga Breath Culture."
MRS. HARLAND, trance test medium; circle
to-night; articles read; 10c; sittings dally.
120 Sixth st. /■ ■
TEST, developing, healing meeting, 2 and 8 p.
• m.. 10c. &A Sixth st. ; R. A. Stltt, Hargrave,
others.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 80S McAllister st.; come skeptics.
HENRY CRINDLE, slate writing and occult [
telegraphy; 10 to 5 o'clock; $1. 330 Ellis st.
C. MAYO-STEERS, 112' _ Oak; circles Tues. 8
p. m.: Thurs. 2 p. m.; 25c; readings, $1.
C. v. MILLER'S materializing, etherealizing
seance, 8 p. m.; 50c. 409 La^.venworth st.
ELSIE ' REYNOLDS, materializing . seance
Sunday eve. only: 50c. Kills st. '
MEETING NOTICES.
TWENTY-FIFTH annual picnic given <iur
by the Ancient Order of . Foresters at 7_x
California Schuetzen Park. San Rafael, jl'\
TUESDAY, May 30. Round trip. in-.*LJ»
eluding admission to park, 50c; children, 25c;
valuable gate and game prizes; train leave
'.-11 a. in., 12:35-3:30 p. m. ■
M. BOEHM. President.
R. N. McLENNAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Garrison No. 101, Regular >-v>fc
Army and Navy Union. V. S. A. --Com- Jjjj£4»
rades are hereby ordered' to assemble 4kl2fc»
at the Presidio terminus of the Unlon-st. car
line on TUESDAY, May 30. at 10 o'clock a.
m. sharp, for parade and ceremonies at the
National Cemetery. Shipmates of the U. S.
ships lowa ami Pensacola will please observe
this notice. Friends are requested to send
flowers to headquarters, Alcazar building, 114
O'Farrell St., on Monday, May 29.
J. F. FITZGERALD, Commander.
ALF ELLIS, Adjutant. —
SIKICTI" NOTlCES— Continued,
THE Sons of St. George will __/3>>-»
hold their 12th annual picnic /..^"Sff^?
. at Glenwood. Santa Cruz e^XlJrv
Mountains. TUESDAY, Mayt-<LJC%. «^^
30, 1599. There will be a ?V^Vr--^.
. splendid programme. of _v/Er__^J^p
games for which valuable ,> . \CE 1 7 **~J
prizes will be awarded sue- / f-^Ss^irir
• ivssful competitors. A full *#iJiTla^™™
.military band will be in attendance -at the
dancing pavilion. A most delightful day's
outing is assured to all. Trains leave foot
of- Market st. 7:45 and 8:45 a., m. Tickets,
adults 11; children 5Cc.
JAS. HALL, President.
R. R. CHORLEY, Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its A C> >-
thirty-third annual gathering and 3\\, LhJ/j
games at Shell Mound Park on %£kl£>
TUESDAY. May 30. As usual, **t23»
the best athletes of the Pacific Coast will
compete for prizes of coin, Jewels, badges _nd
other articles of value: $2500 In cash will b«
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancjng platform,
a Highland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park: adults 50c; children 25c.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. H. Southwick. in the North
Hill placer mine, near Milton. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings In Rich Gulch;
from T. B. Bennett, in the Ohio mine, near
Wash. Plumas County, to deposit tailings on
a flat below the mine; from W. E. Duncan
Sr., in the York Ranch placer mine, near
Spanish Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine: and from
Alfred Schofleld. in the Klondike mine, at
Whisky Diggings, Sierra County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Washington
mine. In Slate Creek, gives notice that a
• meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
Ing, San Francisco, Cal., on June 12, 1899,
at 1:30 p. m.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1599, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said .day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market st. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000). In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of. Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property ot
j-ald company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] ■ E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic • Steamship Com-
pany. : j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES- PETER FREILING'B pile salve. r
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, ■ external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Deyisadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; teL .20.
m^IDEND V riCE_.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY. June 1. 1899.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY. May
«, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secrets rr.
~ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help: established 20
years: tel. Main 199*. Bradley X- Co.. 640 Clay
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK by day. week or month wanted
In Jewish or American family. 551 l 2 Howard.
EXPERIENCED woman with girl 3H years
old wants work; -country or ranch preferred.
Address 457 Minna st. •
YOUNG girl would like a»sltuation to do light
housework. Box 765. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a German woman in
a first-class American family, to take care
of children and sewing; nine years in the
last place. M >'... box 741, Call office.
GERMAN cook wish".- situation: will do house-
work: good cook; wages $25. 242 Taylor st.
COOKING and housework by reliable Protest-
ant' woman: city or country; moderate wages.
Inquire 204 Minna st.
STOUT young woman wishes work by the day
washing or bousecleanlng; private family;
75c per 'lay. 1230 Union st.
YOUNG lady would like position as stenog-
rapher; has had considerable experience and
can live first-class references; also able to
take care of a set of books. Box 738. Call.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. wash-
ing and housecleanlng; $1 a day and car fare.
Box 851, Call. ■ '
AN experienced dressmaker, a good cutter and
fitter, will accept engagements In families;
$1 25 »er day; references. Apply 1514 Bu-
chanan st. '
HOUSEKEEPER; respectable woman; good
cook; no objection to children: can Instruct in
music and- English; good reference. J. A. J.,
3409 Mission st. •
SEWING woman out of employment would like
a place to do light housework and make her-
self generally useful. Box 647. Call office.
TRAINED nurse would like to care for inva-
lid in city or country; no wages; expenses.
Box 649. Call office.
WANTED — Competent person wishes employ-
ment with American family; good cook; also
fine infant nurse; references; wages $18 to $20.
E. L. P.. 339 Alvarado st.
FIRSTrCLASS cook and laundress wishes sit-
uation in private family; will assist in house-
work: best references;, city or country. 514
Post st. •
AS cook on ranch by middle-aged woman with
a strong boy of 16 years, who will assist; will
be found good help during fruit season. Call
or address 1342 Sacramento St.; variety store;
wages $20 per month.
REFINED widow, thoroughly reliable, with a
boy of 6, wishes position In small family as
housekeeper or caretaker while owner is ab-
sent, or nurse In confinement; best city refer-
ence; only parties with honorable character
and mean business need answer; call Wednes-
day and Thursday. 2>2'i Sixteenth st.
COLORED woman would like a situation to do
housework In city or country. . 1230 Folsom
st., between Eighth and Ninth.
DRESSMAKER would like few more engage-
ments by the day: competent and experien-
ced; terms reasonable. 110 Hyde st., room 1L
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing and
housecleanlng by the day. 1651 Howard st.
COMPETENT dressmaker would like more en-
gagements by the day; price reasonable. 407
Taylor st.
EASTERN woman of .30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy st., room 15, first floor.
WANTED— By young woman, any kind of work
by the day; wages $1 25 per day. Address
E. R., 208 Drumm st.
YOUNG widow (Swedish) wants washing and
do mending. Address 160 Tehama st., near
Third. .
INDUSTRIOUS . woman in need wants mend-
ing or plain sewing to do at home. Address
box 755, Call of nee. .
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do house-
work; good cook. 16 I*l skit- St., off Mission,
• between Eighth and Ninth. • .
LADY would like plain sewing and mending to
do at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
SITUATION wanted by a German woman -In
a first-class American family, to take care
of children and tewing: nine years In the
last place. M G.. box 741. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman; Is a good
cook and baker; no objections little ways out;
good references. 772 Seventh St., below Brush
Oakland. ■ -.
MAN and . wife want situations country hotel
or boarding house; man first-class cook; wife
good laundress, and pastry cook. ■ 312 Van
. Ness aye.
YOUNG lady from East wishes" position as at-
tendant to invalid lady or child. Address M.
M. R. Y. W. C. A.. 1259 OFarrell st. •
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing
ironing and cleaning. 856 Mission st. ■
AMERICAN woman wants place as cook in
. small Institution June 1. Address box £421
Call office. Oakland. . • .
LADY would like, position to do plain sewing
or second work. 865% Market, room 9.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at./ near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage, to -and from ferry. 
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
" SITU STWA STEP- MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp.- Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East. 42l.
THE SAIN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
SITUATIONS WAXTED— Continued.
MAN and wife wish places in private family,
■ man as coachman, wife .as cook and house-
' keeper. Inquire Call branch office, Kentucky
and Twenty-second sts., Potrero.
ABLE-BODIED chemist desires employment;
graduate of manual training school; sopho-
more of State University. A. B. CHEMIST,
892 Fourteenth st., San Francisco.
I STENOGRAPHER and typist who speaks Ger-
man wants position; salary reasonable. C. 8.,
box 767, Call office. . ,
MAN and wife, with a boy- of 5 years, want a
place In country; man as gardener; can care
for horses and cows;' wife a good cook and
housekeeper; can give the best references.
Box 766. Call office. ' ,
STRONG young man, 28, married, handy, neat
and reliable, good habits, with references,
wishes work of any kind. CHARLES A.
LAN I US, 252 Perry st.
GARDENER, French,, married, desires posi-
tion; sober, steady, thorough experience, hard
worker; very best references. Address Gar-
dener, Dalves Hotel. Woodslde. Cal.
COMPETENT stenographer wants employment;,
steady or otherwise; owns machine. Box 773,
Call office. "
WANTED— Situation as janitor or watchman;
thoroughly conversant with bell or electric
lighting; good references. Address Advertiser,
107*4 Fifth st. ■ ' ' '
WANTED— By a respectable young man, a po-
sition as groom or coachman; will attend to
garden and fowl and general jobs attached to
a decent private place; well recommended by
society people. '
YOUNG well-educated German with $60 cash
wants situation in office, store, etc. Address
box 770, Call office. _^_
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes position for
house and garden work; city or country;
small wages. R. X-, box 769, Call office.
THOROUGHLY experienced salesman, now
representing the largest manufacturer in the
East, having moved his family to California,
desires to connect himself with some reliable
house to represent them in California; am
capable of earning a good salary and will
not consider any line which will not nay it.
" Address G. R. MOHR, Covlna, Cal.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and good, careful driver; can milk
and do • all other work around gentleman's
place. Box !!96, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by steady German to tend
horses, cows, garden and lawn on private
place; suburbs. Box 849, Call office.
WANTED- By a young man. a position as
blacksmith's helper; two years' experience:
country preferred. ALBERT HO WELL. 459
Minna st. ,
YOUNG man would like position about place;
thoroughly understands the care of fine
horses; good driver; also handy with tools;
city or country. Box 854, Call office.
MAN and wife like to have a place; man Is' a
good dairyman and milker; wife, a good
housekeeper. Address box 863, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position in a whole-
Bale house as porter; not afraid of work: can
give the best of references. Box 552. Call.
YOUNG man. Swedish, wishes situation In city
as porter private place: last place 7 years;
good reference. Box 810, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as nrst-class cheese and
J butter maker; understands running engine
ami cream separator; will take charge of
dairy. C. .G., 41-7 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS coachman wants work; well up
in the care of horses and all stable duties;
I careful driver; understands plain gardening.
! Address box 42, Call office.
COMPETENT rectifier and blender of spirits
j wishes situation: wholesale or retail; under-
I stands all branches of the business. Address
: box 760, Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with beet of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Address Baker, 309 Third St.,
Oakland.
JAPANESE wishes to do morning work down-
town In exchange for a bedroom. Address
box 764. Call office.
STEADY, sober young man would like a situa-
tion as second baker in hotel. Box 758, Call.
BY a reliable person, a situation as foreman
i on a ranch; stock or cereal ranch preferred.
Address, stating terms, T. J. STEVENS,
Fruitvale, Cal. *
WANTED— Position to take care of institution,
public building or ■ private place by a re-
spectable married couple without children;
I good references; can put up security If re-
i quired. Address D., box 652. Call office. Oak-
land.
SITUATION wanted (Just arrived from East) by
two first-class 20 years' experienced compe-
tent 1 meat. 1 pastry cook, bread and cakes;
best of references: sober and steady; wish
j places: city or country. Address box 782. Call.
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation;
careful driver; best city references: 5 years
In last place. Box IT. Call office. ' S
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & co ...Phone Grant 185"
Head waitress, $30; 12 waitresses for springs
and resorts, ?20; waitress: 6 waitresses, resorts
near City, $20; 2 waitresses, same country
hotel. $20; waitresses for Orovllle, Hanford,
San Mateo, Mill Valley, Ross Valley, Vallejo,
Stockton, $20; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, to wait, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman cook for ranch in mountains, $20;
woman to run plain boarding house; cooks,
house girls and young girls to assist, for good
positions. $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. '
25 FIRST-CLASS Southern waitresses, about
June 15. for the very best resort hotels in Cal-
fornia, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
COMPETENT nursegirl to care for baby in
small American family; $8 to $10. C. It.
HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Two waitresses, country hotel, $20;
second girl and seamstress, $25; French nur-
sery governess, $25; 2 Protestant second girls,
$20; French second girl.- $20; German nurse,
$20; 2 German cooks. $30, and a great num-
ber of servants for city and country for
cooking am' housework, at $20 and $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
AN apprentice on custom coats. 9408 Folßom
street. -
EXPERIENCED skirt hands to work in shop.
Call to-day, between 9 and 11, at 513 Market
st., second floor.
WANTED— A Protestant girl, 14 or 15, to as-
sist In housework and take care of baby; $.s;
good home. Apoly between 10 and 1 .at 012
Elizabeth St., off Castro. .
I FIRST-CLASS corset-maker for Los Angeles;
must be thoroughly experienced; permanent
position; good wages. Box 772, Call office.
GOOD coppersmith; permanent employment to
! the right man. Box 768,. Call office.
GOOD home for middle-aged woman to assist
; a few hours In the day; wages small. Call
at 1221 York St., between 10 and 2. \ ■
, WANTED— Waitress, 38. Fourth st. ■
' WANTED— A good hand on vests; steady work;
good pay. Apply 41114 Kearny st.
WANTED— Apprentice at dressmaking. 406 Sut-
ter St., room 39. -
PANTS finishers and apprentices. Royal Pants
Co., 223 Kearny St., upstairs. :. .
GIRLS to sew buttons on overshlrts. 36Vs
', Fremont st. •:
jsl PER week! $1 per week! $1 per week!—
At the McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
! ' School. Special Inducements to all entering
school before June 1. • Perfect fitting system,
' rapid and easy; up-to-date patterns cut to
order. j THE McDOWELL, 103 Post st. r
■ MIDDLE-AGED American woman as working
'' housekeeper; fond of children; best of refer-
ences required; moderate wages." Box 761,
I Call office. . , .■....■•-..
' LADY canvassers for staple articles; good
terms. Apply after 8:30 a. m. at 214 McAllis-
ter st.. rooms 7 and 8. •
1 AMATEUR athletic and vaudeville talent of all
klndn. Apply at Glen Park Theater to-day, 2
• to 5 p. m. __ . ■ ..'. .
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
j .guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 509
Leavenworth st. *
' PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
! spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st. '■■'
1 EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices:
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, in : pages, sent to any address In. the
United States or Canada one , year for $1.
postage ra'd. ' ■ -' •
' HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Carpenter for ; mine: ' good steady
Job at $2 50 per day; screw tender for sawmill,
. $70 per month, see boss here....;
farmers, . near city '. . . . .'. . . . '...-; $26
haymakers .:; '.'... $1 25 per day
laborers. for mine...'...' ....:........ $45
milkers, near city .......$3O
laborers and teamsters for -city. $1 60 per day;
cooks and waiters for nice coffee saloon, near
city, $8 per week; and others. W. D. EWER
it Co.. 610 Clay st. » ■
• WANTED— First-class miners who understand
running power drills, $3 50 a day. long steady
job, see owner at our office Monday forenoon;
2 timbermen, $3 GO a day.. J. F. CROSETT _
1 CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ... \ .--.'....■
YOUNG man with $125 can make $75 a month;
■ good security. Call to-day, 625 Montgomery st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
' any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian \ ' Correspondence - College,
Washington, D. C. -- : ' ; ' -. ;
• WANTED— A good- bushelman, and presser.
Inquire Monday, ; between 12 and ; 1 p. m.,
San Jose Woolen . Mills Co., 623 Market st.
HELI' WANTED— Continued.
A— "MURRAY <fc READY Phone Maine SS4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT MONDAY FROM 7 A. M
3286 men from We to $15 per month and found
FOR CALIFORNIA ...ARIZONA... OREGON
Hawaiian Islands and '. . Washington
..'..FREE FARE FOR SOME PLACES....
$42 and found. l 9 TEAMSTERS. S42 and found
Two and four horse teamsters, fare $1 30;
steady Job
FOR A COMMERCIAL BANK
15 men or strong boys to dig small trenches
■so water can go between trees in orchard,
vines in vineyard, later on to pick fruit, etc.,
work in packing house; wages $20. if good
will lie increased to $26, no Sunday work on
this ranch, no experience required, fare $1 10..
$2 day.. INTO SAN MATED COUNTY.. S2 day
76 laborers, common work, 70c fare $2 day
IN SAN FRANCISCO
35 laborers, no experience required
$30 and found
24 two-horse teamsters, $26 and $30 and found
and $1 75 day; boy to peddle, $15 and found;
2 laborers, city factory -.
TO THE GOLD MINES, ETC
6 gold miners, $2 50 day; 14 laborers, $2 day;
2 carpenters 2 diamond drillers, $3 10 day
10 coal miners; 3 slate splitters. $2 50 day; 4
stablemen, city and country
$25 and $20 and found
TO FARMS AND DAIRIES
24 haymakers $1 25 day
112 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $30,
$26 and $20 and found
14 choremen, boys, etc
$26, $20 and $10 and found
19 milkers, different jobs $30, $25 and $.'0
4 butter makers, different jobs
$30 and $25 and found
BUTCHERS, PAINTERS
2 bufhers, different jobs, drive wagons,
country, $3o and found, see boss here
Carriage painter, city $2 50 and $3 50 day
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
32 crosscut sawyers $3o and found
6 timber fellers $40 and found
2 setters Steam's blocks $52 and found
3 bark peelers $26 and found
5 jackscrewers $32 50 and found
15 tree fellers -....$4O and found
Head donkeyman in woods $40 and found
6 spool tenders $30 and found
155 laborers $26 and found
25 lumber pliers in yards and mills
$25 and found
2 redwood peelers $2 day
Log fixer $2 day
Sticker hands $40 and round
287 Uemaken 8c 9c, 10e and 12c each
364 woodchoppera $2 50, $1 50 and $1 cord
..TOOLS FURNISHED ON WOOD AND TIE
JOBS
Oxen teamster $100 and found
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
3 blacksmiths, country shops, $3 and $2 50 day;
blacksmith, small shop, see boss here, $45 and
found; 3 blacksmiths, ranches and camps.
$30 and $40 and found; 3 blacksmith helpers.
city and country jobs
Blacksmith nnd saw filer, sawmill company,
$40 and found: machinist, small countr" *hon.
■ eady, }2 50 d y; yorn^ man o work in
blacksmith shop, si., a:.u toand
CARPENTERS— WOODWORKERS i
:: carpenters, same job. Santa Cruz County..
Hardwood tinisher and planing mill
Young man, little experience, carriage shop,
$40 and found :
2 shlnglers, city job $2 5» day
Young man to work in carriage shop, city,
$'.' week
LOS ANGELES ..FREE PARE.. DISTRICT
25 two and four horse teamsters, $2 and $1 75
day
17 laborers, same place $175 day
FREE FARE ...^
16 laborers, Monterey County t.sl 75 day
12 two and four horse teamsters, same place..
|2 and $175 day
FIRST NATIONAL BANK
Will pay $2 day for each two and four horse
teamsters, we want 25 men
COPY OF TELEGRAM .....
Murray Kr Ready San Francisco
Ship Monday 160 sawmill men, laborers,
etc Signature ..
MURRAY & RKADY.
634-636 Clay st.
XXXi: FAR!-: FREE FARE
Dail) are ship via S. P. Coast Division,
Tnwn=?:>d st.. 9 a. m
Drillers Office fee $1
Hammermen Office fee $1
Stone masons Office fee $1
Laborers Office fee $1
Two and four horse teamsters.. Office fee $1
Wages $3, $2 80. S2 B, $2 and $1 75 day
FOR .. OTHER RAILROADS. .FREE FARE I
Santa Fe. Northern. S. .1. V.. Sierra, and six
other railroads, all the men we can get
Fret- fnre Office fee only $1
MURRAY & READY, 684-636 Claa st
cooks WAITERS DISHWASHERS
3 cooks, camps $40 and found
4 cooks, hotels (50, $40 and $30 and found ]
3 ranch cooks '....JU and $20
12 kitchen hands, dishwashers. $25, $20 and
$15; 6 waiters, different places, $30. $25 and
$20 and found
MURRAY \- READY. 834M86 clay st.
PORTERS BAKERS
2 porters, country hotels $20 and found
Shop baker, exceptionally good job, $35 and
found- 3 assistant bakers and boys. $25. $20
and $15 and found. MURRAY & READY <:s
6M '"lay st. •
FREE OFFICE FEE FREE R. R. FARE
SHIP TO-DAY (SUNDAY), 8 A. M.
We will ship free of any charge all labor-
Ing men or teamsters who want to work on
this coast railroad this morning at 8 o'clock,
"all at Third and Townsend-st. depot, with
blankets, ready to go.
Wages, laborers, $1 75 a day; concrete mix-
ers, |2 a day; 2-horse teamsters, $1 75 a day;
4 horse, $2 a day; tunnelmen, $2, %2 25 and
?:' 60 a day: ship at 8 o'clock.
Free office fee. ..ship this morning... free fare
C. R. HANSKN A; CO., 104 > ieary st .
C R HANSEN A. CO Phone Grant
WANT MONDAY MORNING 7 O'CLOCK.
Second cook. $45; butcher, restaurant. $40;
COOk, plain hotel. $35 and found; short order
cook, $7 a week; dishwasher, summer resort,
fare advanced. {L's; dishwashers, $30,- $25, $20
ami $5 a week.
Night waiter, country restaurant. $30 and
room; waiter for a summer stage station,
$25; Waiter, family hotel, $2T>.
Head laundryman for a springs hotel, $30
and found; starch ironer, $30 and found;
lroner, $35 and board, north.
MISCELLANEOUS
Screw turner, *5» and board; spool tender.
$35 and found; S pliers, $1 a day and board,
all north; 3 timber fellers, $40 and found;
chnin tender, $30 and found; 3 axmen, $26
and found; 31 pliers, $26 and found, all Bee
bosi he-e; 2 laborers for the woods. $30 and
board, see boss here; sniper, $2 a day; peeler,
$2 a day; 3 laborers, $1 50 a day, all for
Santa Cruz County; 10 crosscutters, $35 and
board.
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 and board a
day; blacksmith for B ranch. $30 and found;
helper for a ranch, $30 and found; helper,
shop. $1 25 and board.
Concrete finisher, $3 50 a day; carriage
painter, $3.
Farmer, $30 and found, rare BOc; 5 farmers,
$25: 20 bands for a large vineyard, $1 a day
and board; H farmers for an orchard, $20
and found, long job; sheep herder. $20 and
found; farmer and wife, $40 and found, $1
faro; and others.
RAILROAD WORK— COAST ROAD
3 stonemasons, $3 a day; S headermon, $2 srt
a day: teamsters. 2 and 4-horse, $175 and
$2; shovelers, $1 75, all free fare.
2 R. R. camp cooks, $50 each
VALLEY ROAD
Tunnelmen, $2 50; henchmen. $2 25; ham-
mermen, $2; shovelers, $1 75; teamsters and
laborers. C R. HANSEN & CO., IU4 Geary.
WANTED— A strong Mexican boy. Inquire at
this office.
WANTED— 2 good men. Apply at 22 Post St.,
from 7:30 to BjM p. m., L':':h Inst.
YOUNG man to learn wood carving. FINK
& SCHINDLER, 1309 Market st.
Gi HiD solicitor wanted for tea, coffee and
spices; one for Oakland. Acme^ Coffee Co.,
505 Fifth st.
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic re-
frigerating machines for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. Arctic Refrigerau.
fag Co., Cincinnati, O.
WANTED— Bookkeeper; must be good penman
and thorough accountant: references required.
Address box M 6, Call office.
ENERGETIC workers to distribute circulars
and samples; permanent occupation; good
pay; particulars for stamp. Dist. League,
49 W. Twenty-eighth st.. New ork.
CORRESPONDENTS wanted everywhere to
furnish items of interest and MSS.: liberal
pay; Inclose stamp for instructions. Literary
Register Co., ChlcaffO.
WANTED— A first-class turner and band saw-
yer; steady work and good wages. Aden's
Planing Mill, Vallejo.
BARBER, wanted; only first-class need apply;
steady place; gocd wages. 7 Stockton st.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Oranjo Syrup; $2
■ per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
■ Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG man to act ns stock clerk and shipping
clerk ; state age and wages desired. Address
box 815, Call office.
WAITER wanted. 406_Ellls St.: call early.
WANTED— An errand boy at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes.
Slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
\et. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
BARBER wanted. 108 Fourth st. ; $4 guaran-
teed.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d st».
STRONG, willing old country boy about IS. to
learn trade, make himself useful; $4 a week
to beztn. Box 739, Call c'flce.
AMATEUR athletic and vaudeville talent of all
kinds. Apply at Glen Park Theater to-day. 2
to 5 p. m.
200 CLEANEST rooms in city; 13c to $1 night;
Me u> $3 week. New Grand. 246 Third st.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
FJRS.T-CLASS tunnel superintendent: good •Al-
ary; references required: btate experience.
Apply box 7S4S, Call office.
'WANTED— Continued, j
PAINTER, - whitener, paperhanger, who will
I take work out In rent. Address box 19. Call.
WANTED— camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE, Elmhurst.
BARBER shop for sale In Healdsburg. J. M.
KEYES. ; - . .- .
COAL mjners accustomed to "itching veins can
• find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
. coal mines, A'.ameda County Cal.: sufficient
new ground has*been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
' miners: no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN .TOAQTJIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent. •*..'■:
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, nea- Giant sta-
tion: wages. $1 75 to $1 90: also flrst-clais
tunnel men: npply at Point Richmond: wage*
| $1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B STONE San Pablo
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— pick and shovel men at Devlsa-
dero and Broadway, city.
BAILORS and ordinary weamen lor . coast . am
Australia at HERMANS. j« St<*nart gt.
150 men for cleanest houses In city, "Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House."
$61: lac to 50c night; all daily papers.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S^ Eighth St. ,
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and. 25c
per night. Llndell,6th and Howard: read. rm.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single.
10c, 15c night; 60c. 90c week: reading room.
I PENSIONS— J. H. SHKPARD & CO., attorn-ys
• Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th.; tel. Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. . Elcho House. 863% Market st.
'TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night;. $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. . Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent, CO4-506 Davis st. •
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 700 moms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus Fnd baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wares due' laborers and
clerks Knnx rnllpotlnn Acpncv. 112 Siitt°r st.
AGENTS WANTED.
! AGENTS make big money selling Automatic
Screen Door Catches; write for information;
sample postpaid, 25c. Auto. Door Catch Co.,
. Chicago. .
AGENTS can make bis money selling our
novelties: everybody buys them; territory as-
signed. Pacific ■.Novelties Co., 207 Battery st.
AGENTS — Gasoline gas lamps for hot weather;
• $2 to $3 profit to agents. Brilliant Gas Lamp
I Co., 48 Clark st., Chicago.
LADY and gentleman agents; experience not
' necessary; a good seller; ready money. 426
Turk st.
LADIES make -.good pay selling Miss Cron-
quist's custom-made corsets. 481 Geary st.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors. sample 10c; also
Leather Luster. HKoNX. 332 Bush st. ■
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with small capital to go prospect-
ing in Northern California: must be • ab-
stainer. Ad. W. L. S.. Redwood City. Cal.
WANTED— Partner to travel in photographic
business in . South America; success certain;
no experience necessary. Apply 2 to 4 p. m.,
I room 61. 204 Ellis st.
| GERMAN man or woman as partner in grocery
store. Box 811, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
UNFURNISHED rooms or half house; bet.
Powell and Leavenworth. Sutter and Ellis;
state terms. Box 648, Call office.
COUPLE want .3 unfurnished rooms; neither
basement nor rear; rent $10. Box 814, Call.
~ WANTED— M ISC fcILT. A \ tOUS. ~
WAN! Name and address of all persons In- '
terested in cremation: a handsome illustrated
souvenir pamphlet mailed free. Address
FRANK B: GIBSON. Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery Association. San Francisco.
WANTED— Mastiff, male puppy; no fancy
j price. ■ State full particulars to box 775, Call.
EXCHANGE— at summer resort for
piano, surrey, horses, safe or carpets. Ad-
dress 200. Cal. Safe Deposit building.
WANTED— hire 100 flrst-claa»*!rcraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
AMATEUR musicians to join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 32S Bush St.. room 4.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call, 16 pages, Bent to any address in the
UnitecJ States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ■ .
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MA YE RLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. .107UJ Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tlon free; open evenings. ■ ■
MEDICAL.
A SURE, feafe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on. the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
j tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
i and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 610 Eddy at., bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours. 10 to 12, 2. to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days, 4 to 8 p. m. ,
I A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
I cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
' ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
j at any time when others have failed; travel-
; ers helped instantly and can return home the
: same day; no instruments used: cure at office,
I $5; home in confinement; skillful medical at- .
tention; all can save time and expense by con- i
I fulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde, and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.: Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. nnd Mrs. M. Davles,
true. friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe nnd quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy. home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1223 Market st. ;
pills, $1; very strong. $2. ."" ■■
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
" cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential:
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., betwe?n
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
lg at once, safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: . cure, • $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladle?' phvslcian, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kenrny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist.^relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties, than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult htm first, save time and money:
treatment can 'be used .nt home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023V4 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over ■ 3000 varieties, being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
Chichester's Enßlish Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send -4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles";. letter by return mail; at
druggists. \Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them.. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
, '. rt. . $1 '.0. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
' euro Mfg.: C 0..". 631 X ?t.. Sacramento. Cal..
ALPEAtJ'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50.
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS.. Const Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: reli-
able. safe, sure: maternity home: no Instru-
ments: consultation free, confidential: home
treatment. IS. DRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness.
"MERITO'.': safe; sure: a boon to married
ladies: write for circular or call Merito Mfg
V: Co., 227 Leavenworth ft.. San Francisco. •
MRS. DR. WKGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home in confinement. ; ■.-,■:.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market -Rt.— lnstant re-
• lief for monthly troubles or mrney back;s."i up.
DR. WONG HIM. .herb doctor, treats all ■ dls-
> en«efi of the' human hodv." Il.i Mason St.
~ SEWING MACHINES. : ~
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, - bought, sold-
• machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. '
AUTOMATIC,', Domestic. Singer, White cheap-
repairing guaranteed.' 1915 Mission, nr. - l.'.th. '
ALL kinds bought sold/exchanged, rented' re-
, pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS. _____
TiT^w^T-iVT'T'Triv as to the whereabouts of
lyn. N. V.' ..
IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly. at 'Wheat-
land Cal., will write to his father, he will
- hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
' MORRISON. ______——
GENTLEMAN aged 40, with means, wishes to
G S3 Mr'ltffW with a view" matri-
mony. Address box 774. Call office.
WIDOWER, lonely and tired of society' f o l _ m -
>,„„ wpnith to buy life's comforts ror ae-
voted wife ASTORIA. 1297 Lexington aye..
New York. . - ,
Ll 4nT^bs ß co°ffee $1- 12 cans table peaches.
$1 25 cans sardines.' $1: 12 cane j oysters . « ;
20 lbs rice. $1; -1 rolls butter »1; cans dcv 11-
-pea'r^lfV^corns^.rr^S^
/ Er w ikco4\r^Tai^rS &
. Sixth St., above Folsom. - .
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA, a rare hair tonic.
35c bottle; cleanses the scalp; see -great .win-
dow display this week. G. LED-U-R. IS
Stockton st. ■ ■
LEIXERER'S artistic hairdressers have that
touch which makes a coiffure stylish, price
25c- switches, $1 up; open Sundays and holi-
days 9 to 12 a. m. 123 Stockton st.
SAFE, clean insecticide, which is eaten and |
warranted to kill fleas, roaches, bugs, etc., j
mailed for 30c coin or stamps. Address DH.
HARDCASTLE, Montgomery block, a. F. Cal.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. H. KRAMER, 20 San-
some st. •'-.'■•
HIRSUITINE restores gray hair to its original
color, 'cures dandruff and eczema, stops hair
' falling out, grows hnir on bald heads or nc
pay; remedy by mall. Hirsuitine Hair Spe-
. cialists. 6 Eddy St.. San Francisco.
PRIVATE residence for ladies in delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth, Alameda. |
I HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness;
can be given secretly; will gladly tell you
what it Is; don't send money. .MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, lock box FX 131, Grand Rapids,
Mich. _. - • .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk- portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland. |
DOCTOR who is leaving for Europe on June 1
_' would take charge of invalid during the pas-
. sage. Address Doctor, 427 Emma Spreckels
bid?. 927 Market st.
SOLID oak sets, chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything from Alexandria Hotel. in big
store in Odd Fellows' building, 1111 Market
St.. near Seventh. DAVIS & CO. ..
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
CEMETERY fences: best work: lowest prices.
DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical . and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
g eons and -private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
' JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. • and Copyright '
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty. \
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester :
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads !
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, printer, 511 Sacramento st. ;
phone Main 1836.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices: easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit, dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
I dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner building.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
I SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr.Gordln,sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $S;bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24« O'Farrell. bet. Powell «fe Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 papes. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary st. ; dresses made, $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance tost medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyance ; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 23f Stockton St.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234% Sixth.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8: 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
toller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrfll.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palml?t and card reader, returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason St., near
Ellis: hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; open Sundays;
fee 25c: for ladles only; card reading at pri-
vate entertainments.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 60c; gents. $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
MISS A. L, CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. WALTERS, th<- Knvit card reader; ladies,
"J.V; gents soc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sunday.
MRS. HANSEN. best clairvoyant. 349% Minna
st., near Fifth.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market St., room i.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 i>. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
YOUR future told by cards; satisfaction guar-
anteed; price 25c. 1322 Mission st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. rm. 12.
MISS GHEi-.N, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post Ft., room 7.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 06% Geary St.. rooms 1 and 3.
MRS. FRANKIB WILLIAMS has returned;
magnetlst; 906 Market st.. room 21.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader 304
Sutter ft.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader?
removed !., sG.",'., Market st , rooms 8-9.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist."
Parlors 12 and 18. second floor, 565% Market.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
palmist 120 Ellis st.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
_reader^ 25c up^ 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladies only.
_«43 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned" reveaier. rirst
In her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND^ palmist nnd card
reader. 110 A Geary st.. rooms 1 and 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned! palmist and
card reader. lIS Grant aye. r. 15. second floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: nam?s given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS A FAL'RE, cara reader^und palmist, 405
Kearny st.. r. 34: French and English spoken.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 nnd 3, 995 Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
hand's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farreil st.
pa lv isTiiy.
MME. NEERGAARdT'pupII of Count St. Ger-
maine. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
ten; reading by mail. $1.
Yoru fate is in your hand: scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market St., r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist.
Plfi Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
MINiNG ESTERPRISg.
To the new gold fields, Lower California—
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
•llßpatch a fast vesso! to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Bay, Iyower California, the early
I'nrt of June with passengers ami freight;
!■ ■'■! mmodations for 150 passengers; call early
M only few berth? left. CHAS. F BLAN-
DIN, President, 10 California St., room 6.
BESINES!" CHANCES.
OLD-ESTABLISHED meat market^ ,
well located: fixtures worth the price; monthly
j receipts $1400. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
I A— s3so; CANDY and ice cream parlors: Market
St.; $18 daily. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
A— s22s; BRANCH bakery and notions; $8 daily;
good stock. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary st.
A— sSso; RESTAURANT, fixtures and furnlsli-
.ings; first chics; dally receipts $40. KREDO &
CO., 22% Geary st. '
$1300— HOTEL: clears $150 per month.
Saloon; clears $250 per month.
$860— Stationery; clears $125 per month.
$400— Coal yard; clears $100 per month.
-'NATIONAL AGENCY, 783% Market st.
MILLINERY and dressmaking parlors at your
own price; proprietors sick. GERMAN-
AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
SALOON and merchants' lunch house
among wholesale stores; bargain; sickness of
owner cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market St.
A— slsoo; GROCERY and bar; centrally located ;
sacrifice to-day. COWING & CO., 95»5 Market.
$250— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must sell. JONES & CO.,
565 Market st.
POOR MANS CHANCE.
$1230 — Terms, $450 cash; old-fashioned house
containing six rooms and hich basement;
Third aye., bet. Point Lobos and Clement;
size of lot, 35x70; eet permit from office to
inspect. F. A. McNALLY & CO., 19 Mont-
gomery st. _^
A— FINE list of good business propositions for
sale and exchange; country and city hotels,
restaurants, coffee houses, branch bakeries,
cigar stands, groceries, merchandise, station-
eries, etc. EITEL, 1016 Market st.
PARTNER wanted in a first-class hotel (new)
• of 235 rooms in a city in California of 35.000
Inhabitants; only one other first-class hotel in
the city; present owner Is a first-class hotel
man; need of a partner with about $10,000 to
.furnish new addition is only reason for wish-
ing to sell a half interest; business for April
showed a profit of $800. For further parti-
culars address box 614, Call office.
WANTED— party with $100 to handle
the Merchants' Advertiser; It prints auto-
matically on paper rolls: best investment in
the city; investigate. 1045 Mission st., room 3.
— Competent man here with $2000
cash; permanent position worth $3000 yearly;
staple line. J. SPLANE, Como building,
Chicago.
$24,500— F0R sale, good business property; lodg-
ing-house and stores with business; a part
cash. Address Owner, box 845, Call office.
FOR sale or exchange— one-third interest in
gold quartz claim; assessment work done for
1899. Address KENYON, 578 Natoma st.
Al SALOON; bargain; opp. the California The*.
ter- fitted up in the most modern style, with,
club room adjoining. 423 Hush at. .
FAMILY liquor store and bar, with living
rooms; cheap rent; central location; a bar-
gain. Address box 809, Call office.,
THE best-paying home baker}' in the city; suit-
able for man and wife or two ladies. Box
855, Call office.
FOR SALE— a first-class wood yard in
Oakland; good trade; best location. 518 Sixth
St., Oakland. '■
$150— PARTNER wanted, lady or gent, in es-
tablished paying business. 626% I St., Sacto.
SHOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
HOTEL in Mayfield, 13 rooms, all • furnished;
rent $10. H. M. COVERT, 425 California st.
GOOD-PAYING candy crisp business for
sale; a snap; investigate. 1905 Central aye.
BARGAIN— Notion, stationery and candy store;
near school; cheap rent. 1105 Buchanan st.
PARTIES who wish to invest in mines and in-
terest in mines. Box 850, Call office.
SHOEMAKER wanted to buy shop with Singer.
Call Monday morning, 418 Larkin st.
TO sell an interest In an original invention;
lady preferred. Box 812, Call office. 1 :
CIGAR store; must sacrifice this day; sickness.
COWING, 995 Market st.
GOLD mine for sale; milling $2 50 and $15 per
ton; sulphates $41 60 to $8000 per ton; sulphates
3 per cent; ledge 207 feet wide, 2000 feet backs;
free wood and water. Particulars box 754. Call.
HOME bakery and delicatessen store; good rea-
sons for selling; receipts $700 to $800 per
month; good place for man and wife. In-
quire at Call office. ;
SHOEMAKER with family can buy good shoe
repairing place oh installments. 4102 Nine-
teenth St., near Castro.
LOT of furniture, bedding and crockery cheap.
Apply at 227 San Carlos aye. ; ;.-.-.y-
I HAVE lots of persimmons but my pole is
too short to reach them; $500 or more will
enable -me to do so; assist me and I will
make you a fortune; a legitimate enterprise.
Box 749, Call office.
ONE-HALF interest in an old-established,
fruit and produce store centrally located;
good reasons for selling. Address box 751,
Call office.
$550— RESTAURANT and 10 rooms; successful
operation by present owner 6 years; sickness
only. C. WILLMOTT, 916 Market st ; ■-":•.
GOOD-PAYING stationery store; fine location.
Inquire CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS &
WELCH. 321 Sansome st.
FOR Delicacy and dairy produce busi-
ness; a good place for man and wife; will
be sold at a sacrifice. Box 740, Call.
GOOD-PAYING transfer corner cigar store
for sale cheap: good reasons given for sell-
Ing. 764 San Jose aye.
PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness; two places to look after; plenty of
work;no experience; trial given: 265 O'Farrell.
A Old-established fruit store;
good chance. 130 Bth, nr. Mission; np agents.
SALOON and 6-room lodging-house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop;
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., near Clement
St.; take Sutro car.
FOR SALE— A good blacksmith shop, for $500;
wish to retire from business. Box 636, Call.
PARTNER with some capital wanted to manu-
facture combination door mat, patented.
CHAS. KUHN. Fruitvale. Cal. >_ ■
FINE store fixtures and showcase: S living
rooms; suitable branch bakery and notions.
2848 Folsom. %
A FIRST-CLASS saloon on East St.. nr. Mar-
ket; on account of ill health:' at LANE &
CONNELLY'S. ?04 Market st. |
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO. -
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply tola
office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
15-ROOM house; Worth $600 $250
16-room house; on Sixth st --•• 550
28 rooms; sunny corner; clears $200 1100
26-rooni house in Oakland: 0n1y...-: 850
50 rooms; best«corner in the city 1800
10 rooms; on Jones; worth $1000 500
14 rooms; on Taylor st. (good) ; 650
21 rooms: on Howard — ■••■ 450
30- room boarding house; clears $300...... 2250
1020 MARKET ST. ' 1020 MARKET ST..
H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st. 1020 Market st.
$1300 BUYS a 55-room transient house, clears
$100- $600 buys 2S-room house, cheap rent, bar-
gain- $300 buys 10-room house, good furni-
ture;' money loaned at 2 per cent. EITEL.
1016 Market st. . . '
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
17 rooms: rent $50; near T1v011..... $S5O
24 rooms; rent $35: reduced to 430
48 rooms; rent $75: Market 5t.... 1050
60 rooms; rent $30; part cash 550
FURNISH up a lodging house from Alexan-
dria Hotel furniture. DAVIS & CO., 1111
Market St., Odd Fellows' building. Market
. st . near Seventh: come quick.
60-ROOM house in good order; partly furnished; ■
rent cheapest in city; terms reasonable. Call
247 Second st.
FOR sale chenp House: 9 rooms; good order;
selling on account sickness. 276 Minna st.
WANTED— For cash: a lodging house from 25
to 40 rooms. Box S4S. Call office. ■
~ •; FURNITI'RE FOR SALE.
SOLID oak sets, chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything from Alexandria Hotel, in' big
store in Odd Fellows' building, 1111 Market
St., near Seventh. DAVIS & CO.
FURNITURE and carpets. Apply at 16054
Jones st.
TAPESTRY.. Brussels carpets. laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
_ ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership— No-
tice is hereby given that WINFIELD S.
* li, V - VI oi- BURT L. DAVIS and . CARL A.
HENRI, formerly doing business as co-
partner:? under the firm name and style of
: DAVIS A HENRY, have dissolved such co-
partnership and the business heretofore done
by such firm will hereafter be conducted at
. No. 215 Sansome st. by DAVIS & HENRY an
incorporated .company. •
Dated February 2S. 1899.
->?.: CARL A. HENRY, .
V WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
HURT L. DAVIS. *
~ ~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O' DON NELL, office and reeldsac^
XO2IH Market st., bet. 6ta and ft*.CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. I : SEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$45,000.
Corner on Market st. ; 3 frontages; store and
flat; 2 2-story houses and cottage; 2 lots; 25:11 x
90 and 76x75:11. • .: f •, . .
$25,000.
To close an estate; Mission and running
through to another street; 20x160; present im-
provements of little value; renting for $121 50;
this is a real bargain; a short distance from
Third st.
18600.
Fourth-st. business property; to close an es-
tate; Improvements and lot 25x55; rents $6CO
per annum.
$7000.
Geary st. and Myrtle aye.; 2-story and base-
ment house of 2 flats and lot; double frontage;
near Franklin St.; rents $720 per annum.
$7000.
Mission warm belt bargain; 3 elegant modern
flats of 7. 7 and 4 rooms and bath each; rents
$63b per annum; stable; driveway; 40x114; in the ;
Nob Hill section of the Mission; handy to Va- i
lencia-st. cars.
$6500.
North of Market st. bargain; near Taylor and
California sts.; rents $790 per annum: 3 elegant
nearly new modern flats of i 5 and 5 rooms and
bath each, etc.; large lot.
$6000.
Another bargain; price greatly reduced; 2
substantial 3-story houses of 8 rooms and bath
each; rents $720 per annum; 37:6x71; a great
bargain.
$4000.
I^averrworth-yt. investment; rents $420 per
annum; 2 substantial fiats of 5 and 4 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation*, etc., and lot.
$3000.
By order of Public Administrator; Natoma
Ft . Improvements and lot 25x75; no reasonable i
offer refused.
$2875.
Hayes st.; rents $312 per annum; 3 flats and
lot; this Is a real bargain.
I
$1600.
Two fiats; very cheap; near Leavenworth and !
Broadway; rents $216 per annum; 2 flats of 5 !
and 4 rooms and lot.
$1500.
Rents $216 per annum; a big bargain; house
In 3 tenements and lot near Clay and Mason
streets.
$900.
To close an estate; cheap home near Hyde
and California st. cars; 2-story house of 7
rooms and lot.
$20,000.
Pacific Heights; elegant mansion of 14 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements and con-
veniences; nearly new; large lot, 75x137:6; com-
mands unsurpassed marine view.
$10,000.
Very cheap; an elegant nearly new Eastlake
modern residence on Fillmore st., th,e cream
neighborhood of Pacific Heights; fine marine
views; 30x112.
$8250.
Elegant Fillmore-st. residence; a real '. bar-
gain, a fine modern 2-story and basement resi-
dence of 7 rooms an.i bath; 25x137:6.
Halght-st. residence; very cheap; modern
residence of 12 rooms and bath, etc.; 25x112:6.
.— — -
' $2600.
Richmond cottage; foreclosure; very cheap;
c xy modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath, etc., j
and lot; very easy terms can be arranged.
$14,000.
Pacific Heights; 65x127:S 1 Pacific aye.; very
choice location; marine view.
• .
?ROO AND UPWARD.
Richmond lots; Tenth aye.. C and D sts., ad- j
jacent to the park; 25x120; on installments. $50
cash, $10 per month; Interest 7 per tent; 25x120.
$1250 AND UPWARD.
12 choice building lots; very cheap; 11 sold;
Fourteenth and Henry sts.. 1 block from
Market: 25x11 J: level, on grade and ready for
building; offered at very low prices, and, being
go nicely located, are selling rapidly.
$1250 AND UPWARD.
On very easy terms; we are offering the lots I
at Waller and Steiner sts. of the German Sav-
ings and Loan Society: street work done com-
plete; lots all ready to build on; terms one-
quarter .ash, balance at 7 per cent; selling
rapidly: three-fourths already sold.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords." which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
REDUCED TO $5500.
A fine buy in the wholesale commission dis-
trict; a brick building on lot 22x45:10, renting
for $70 monthly; good tenants.
FOLSOM-STREET FLATS.
Two flats of 6 and 7 rooms on . Folsom st.,
near Twenty-second: large lot 45x112:6; reduced
to 16260.
RENTS PRICE $3000.
Six flats south of Market St.; lot 25x100; all !
rented: property must be sold.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
New fine 8-room residence; commanding ma-
rine view; large lot; price $8500.
VERY CHEAP.
Lots on Oak st., opposite panhandle; $100 per
front Coot.
MISSION LOTS.
Five cheap lots on Oakwood St., near Guer-
rero; $1000 each; offer wanted.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Seven-room house on Steiner st., near O'Far-
.rell; lot 2»:6k137:6; price $4500..
A BARGAIN.
■Lot on Fourteenth St., near Market; 26x115.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF
ALAMO SQUARE LOTS,
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS,
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROS., • McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON. 321 Montgomery st.
$20,000— Jones »t., nr. Golden Gate aye. and Hl-
bernla Bank; 22 rooms: can be leased
$100 per month: reduced from $25,000.
$16,500 — Leavenworth St., nr. California; 3 dwell-
ings; rented $135 per month steadily;
easy terms.
$10,000— Scott St., nr. Washington, opposite Alta
Plaza; choice neighborhood; elegant
home, 8 rooms.
$6,ooo— New flats; Frederick St., nr. Clayton
and the park; rents $50; easy terms.
$6,soo— New flats; Clayton St., nr. Waller and
the park; rents $50; easy terms.
$4,500— Howard St., nr. Eighteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; reduced from $5500; make of-
fer.
$4,Boo— Natoma St., bet. Third and Fourth
flats; rents 148.
$4,250 corner Halght: S7V4XIOO; few blocks from
Golden Gate Park; Cheap.
$2,500 — inside lots adjoining above.
$2,Soo— Lot, north side of Fifteenth st., nr.
Valencia; 25x95.
HAWKS .£- ELTON,
; 321 Montgomery st.
f-''L GET 7, & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $150-$l5O EACH.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOTS. SECURE ONE
QUICK.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET. HEIGHTS lots.
$400 and upward— Graded lots, near the only
G/ldf-r. Gate Park. They have no equal. $25
down and $10 monthly. ' ' . '. .
Branch office Ninth aye. and H St. Open
Sundays.
RICHMOND LOTS AT GREAT BARGAINS.
$750 to $350 each— A few choice cottages with
■well*, near Mlsslon-st. electric car line; on In-
stallments. •■;.-••, .'
$100 — Ocean View lots; easy terms •
• SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker Building.
52000— CORNER: Twenty-first and Chattanooga
us.; 27x75. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
gomery Bt.
$1700— NEAT cottage of 5 rooms; Harrison Bt., '
near Twenty-third; 23:4x100; part cash. W.
H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
$2600— TWO flats. 7 and a rooms, bath: lot 26x
100; mortgage for $1500. W. H. CRIM & CO ,
118 Montgomery st.
$1900— TWENTY-FOURTH st., near Church;
house of 8 rooms; 25x102. W. H. CRIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery st. .
TWENTIETH St., near Valencia; 6 rooms ',
and bath; 25x100. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118
Montgomery st.
$850— DON'T miss this; lots on Harrison - St.,
bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third; 24x100;
on grade. ■ W. 11. CRIM & CO.. 118 Mont-
gomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and yo» need :
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
A SUBSTANTIAL INVESTMENT.
$13,850— Within 1 block of Geary and Larkin
sts.; 3 fine houses, all rented; pays 7 per cent
net; lot 50 feet front.
A MODERN RESIDENCE.
$4100— Rent $57; Clementina St.. near Second;
brick building; also frame building; lot 50x75;
biggest kind of a bargain.
$Ssoo— Post st., near Polk; 2-story residence
of 10 rooms, bath, etc.; all In splendid repair;
lot 27}£x120.
LKAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
*5500— Leavenworth st., near California; 2-
story bay-window house, containing 2 fiats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath each; rent $42 50; lot has
a double frontage.
Ashbury St.. near Fell; 2 handsome
flats within a stone's throw of the Park; con-
tains 6 and ? rooms and all conveniences; rent
$55; lot 65x106:3. v
A PICK-UP.
$5150— Broderick St., near Sutter; 2-story resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; also stable: extra
large lot, 50x90; room for another building.
A MODERN RESIDENCE.
$6500— Washington St., near Broderick; con-
tains S rooms and bath; lot 25x127:8; mortgage
of $2500 can remain.
$ISOO— Saturn st., close to Douglass and Sev-
enteenth; 2-story house: 1 floor finished; con-
tains 4 rooms and bath; would make 2 good
flats: $1000 can remain on mortgage; magnifi-
cent view.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$2200— Rltch St.. close to Brannan and Third;
2 houses; rent $35; lot 25x75.
FLATS IN RICHMOND.
(2000— Eleventh aye.. near Point Lobos; 2-
story bay-window house, 2 flats: rent $17; lot
!5x120; mortgage of $1500 can remain.
$2500 — Leavenworth st., near Broadway; 2-
ptory house of 7 rooms; rent $18.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$27,000— Rents $4750 per annum; a fine 3-
story brick building on Washington St.. bet.
Dupont and Stockton; 3 stores and lodging-
house above; all rented; mortgage of $14,000 can
stand.
*3000— Elliott Park, between Guerrero and
Dolores sts.: 2 flats;- rent $24.
$3000— Bryant St., bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent
$22 50; lot 25x85.
$24,000— Rent $2175 per annum; a fine invest-
ment on Eddy st.; a prominent corner, sub-
stantially improved; lot 62:6x100; mortgage of
$500 can remain. ■
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT.
FINE CORNER INVESTMENT.
$9250 — Prominent corner on Page St., 1 block
from the Park; modern flats; rented continu-
ously; large lot; an excellent buy. BALDWIN
A HOWELL. ■
CHEAP FLATS
AT THE MISSION.
$3250— Rent $348 per year; Clinton Park, near
Fourteenth and Guerrero sts. ; bay-window
flats; 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. CORNER.
$40,000 — Large improved corner on Golden Gate
aye.. a few blocks from Market st. ; bank fore-
closure; must be sold; lot 85x120.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$30,000— A Western Addition corner, not far
out and well improved; paying 5220 per month;
no better income property on market.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
$12 — Large residence on Jones st., near
Clay; fine neighborhood; lot 27:6x127.
MISSION CORNER.
— Four flats of 5 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements; bitumenized> street;
rents $65: corner lot 37x64.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS.
$6000— flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
good condition; on one of best corners on
O'Farrell st.; street bitumenized.
MARKET-ST. LOT.
$4100— Will sell a fine lot on ' Market st. for
mortgage and expenses amounting to $4100; lot
cost $7800 3 years ago.
Corner on Devisadero St.; 34x125 feet.
SNAP.
$4000— Three flats an.i rear house; good con-
dition: near Second and Mission st?.; ground
alone worth . money.
MUST BE SOLD.
$2W<>— Two tenements of 4 rooms each; rents
$22 50; lot 25x100; on Florida st., near Twenty-
sixth.
PRETTY RICHMOND HOME.
$2600— cottage, of 5 rooms and bath and
basement on Fifth aye., near Clement.
CHEAP LOTS.
$2500— Northwest corner of Willard and Par-
nassus aye. ; fine marine view.
$2000 per lot— 3 lots on west side Broderick
st. . 25x125 each.
' $1100—3 lots, 25x115 each; double frontage;
Dorland St.. near Dolores.
Twenty-second St., near Sanchez; lot J.'jc
114.
$500f~Ninth aye., near A st. ; street work done;
lot 1120.
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO.,
63S Market st.
A PROFITABLE SAVINGS BANK— One more
family made happy by selling them a home on
the Heyman Tract and relieving them of pay-
ing the landlord $5 interest on every $10
monthly, and a new house at the same time;
modern; up-to-date; 2 more for sale for your
rent money. Ride to Twenty-second st. elec-
tric far to terminus of the Heyman Tract and
call at our new office on Hoffman aye.. where
you will meet our agent, for Information.
JACOB HEYMAN ft SON, 19 Montgomery
St., owners and builders.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars; save paying rent. JACOB HEY-
MAN ft SON, 19 Montgomery st.
$100 — LOTS south of Golden Gate Park In
block S2B. close to block 726; $10 down and
$2 50 per month. JACOB HEYMAN & SON,
13 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST Oakland suburbs,
near S. P.. 40 minutes from S. F., 15 minutes
from Oakland; home lots in sizes to suit;
50x125 feet, with a new modern cottage, for
$650 (a beautiful summer home); $50 down,
balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars address JACOB HEYMAN ft SON. 19
Montgomery st., city.
$75— LOTS 100x115 in the Abbey Homestead, near
San Mateo' electric cars; good for chicken
ranches. JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19 Mont-
gomery st.
HEALTH RESORT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
At the Ocean Boulevard, near the Cliff, in
Sunset Beach: we are prepared to sell lots
and build seaside novel cottages on easy
terms: also to rent cars to families or clubs;
location block 722. on 48th aye. and J st. ;
branch office established on the block. JA-
COB HEYMAN & SON, owners and builders,
19 Montgomery St.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$2400 each— 2 double flats of 9 rooms each, near
the corner of Sixth and Bryant sts.; rent $25 <».
$5000— Folsom St., near Fifth; nice double flat
6 and 4 rooms and bath; rent $32.
Several fine properties on McAllister st.
$7500— A big bargain: only 1 blocks from
the City Hall, on a coming business street, in-
side Van Ness aye.; good house, 10 roomB; lot
27:6x120.
$10,000— -Should not be missed; an excellent
double fiat of 6 and 7 rooms each; only 2 blocks
from City Hall; lot 2ixlTf:6.
$12 500— Splendid chance on O'Farrell st., near
Taylor; good 2-story; lot 25x90.
•—Excellent corner; Geary st., near Tay-
lor. • ' •
$10 000— Three excellent 2-story bay-window
houses on Haifthi st., 3 blocks from Market;
lot 50x137:6; rent $75.
$2J,ooo— Rent $18S; offered low to settle an
estate; fine business proposition on Larkin st.,
south of Geary; large lot: substantial 3-story
bay-window house, 2 stores and 8 flats of 6, 5
and 4 rooms each.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest cor-
ner, 65x100 feet; improvement of 3 stores and 3
flats above and 2 cottages, all rented; there is
a fortune In this property.
$20,500— Mission St.. near Sixth; lot 45xS0 feet,
with 2 10-room houses, which should be raised
and stores put tinder to make it one of the best
paying properties.
NINETEENTH aye. boulevard lots from $200
up on , easy terms; $10 cash; $5 per month.
$75 will buy a good lot south of Park. Go
to Park office, 622 Stanyan St., near Haight.
• Open to-day. Open to-day.
McEWEN BROS . 118 Montgomery St.
$500— EASY terms; lots 25x120; Twenty-third
aye.. near Clement. '
$3000— Elegant home near Lotta and Stan-
van; overlooking Park; will arrange terms.
' $850— Fourteenth St., near Castrp; handy and
cheap. , .
$2500— Cheap corner on Point Lobos, east of
First aye. ; offer wanted.
$150 each— Broad st., close to San Jose road;
will arrange to build on these lots.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
* ONLY $8750
One of the most charming homes ■ in the
city; handsomely finished In solid mahogany;
contains 12 rooms, bath. etc.
«... Large Lot 50x150
House almost" new and cost nearly $10,000 to
build: positively no better bargain to be had
in San Francisco. If you want a nice home
for little money don't fall to see this place,
you are sure to like it.
* _ H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
FOR sale— cheap, an elegant new dwell-
ing, containing 9 rooms and bath, with fin-
ished attic and basement; best marine and
park views; on Masonic aye., block above
Frederick St. :
ONE of the most complete houses • ever offered
for sale; 455 Frederick, nr. Stanyan; contains
salon parlors, dining room, kitchen, 4 bay-
window bedrooms; finished basement; finely
decorated throughout. Owner on premises.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market at.
$1350— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and lot 27:6x100;
furniture included. Diamond st., near 20th.
THE SA:N T FEASTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 28, 189 D.
CITY REAL KSTATB.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
, Established ISSS. 626 Market st.
Retail business block. Sixth St., near Mis-
sion; always rented; large, lot; 2 frontages;
paying big interest on amount asked.
Golden Gate aye., near Leavenworth et.; 3-
story building, store and flats; paying good in-
terest; only ill, ooo.
Mission St., bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2 flats; can
be raised and store put under at small expense;
lot 30x57:6; a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough St.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2000 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot Sox
100.
$3500— Guerrero St.. near Twentieth; 25x100;
two flats, renting for $25.
$5000— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; :'4:3\114.
$3,loo— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st., near
Castro; 6 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3250— Golden Gate aye., corner Lyon st ;
store and rooms; 32:6x100.
$1500— Near Sixteenth and Church sts.; cottage
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70.
$1800— Diamond St., near Nineteenth; 6 rooms
and bath; rents $12 50; lot 25x125.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavia
! St.; 50x127:8.
Corner on Haieht and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
I chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Church st., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
I per lot.
I California, near Broderick; 24:9x82:6.
Eighteenth St., corner Diamond; 25x75; $2250.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1600— Filbert st., corner Buchanan; 25x90.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100. •
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st. ; 25x120.
Twenty-rlrst St., between Diamond and
Eureka; 25x97:6.
$£00— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$SO0 — Jersey st., near Noe: 25x114.
$£>00— Twentieth St.. corner Douglass; 30x110.
California st., near Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
Tremont aye., near Frederick st. ; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
A. J. RICH & CO.
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
$210,000— A fine investment; magnificent mod-
ern building. 65x125; pays 6 per cent per an-
num net; in the heart of the retail district.
— Investment pays 11 per cent per an-
num; three elegant flats on Baker St., near
Panhandle; lot 25x137:6.
Must be sold— Bush St.; fine, modern, im-
proved residence, in fine condition; near Web-
ster st. ; can be bought at a bargain.
Mission and Spear sts.— so-vara lot; fine in-
vestment.
' Spear st.— Lot 45:10x137:6; between Market
and Mission sts.
Mission St.— 45:10x137:6; near Steuart st.
Battery and Merchant sts, 417 to 425: brick
improvements; lot 72x97; all under good rental;
■ fine investment.
| Jackson St.. 419 to 425; business location, he-
tween Bansome and Montgomery sts.; large
lot 51x117:6.
Washington st., 512 to 518, between Mont-
gomery and Sansome sts.; lot 45:10x137:6; good
improvements; steady rent.
Broadway St., 712 to 718, between Stockton
and Pnweil sts; very large lot, 92:3x137:6;
splendid renting location.
Taylor and Union sts.; large corner lot, 120 x
52:6; three frontages.
I Sacramento st., business location, 536-538, j
near Montgomery st. ; lot 56x59.
Drumm and Jackson sts., SE corner; water
front business location; 29x60.
Hardie place, 40 feet east from Kearny, he-
tween Sutter and Bush sts. ; In the business
center; lot-30x. r .9.
; $2500— st. ; building lot, 25x137:6 "
A. J. RICH ft CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
1 A M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st., opposite Kearny. .
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$70 MO— Corner, 1 block from Market Ft., near
Powell; 52x98:6 feet; 5 stores: old Improvements
rent for $5200; rarest buy downtown.
$45 000— Vz block from Market st., near Fifth;
lot 35x135 feet: stores and lodging house; bank
mortgage of $30,000; rents $200.
$05,000 — Best retail block west of Taylor st.:
49x135 feet; 2 stores and 6 flats; fine building;
j rents $2400.
$21,000 — Valencla-st. business corner; worth
$35,000; 87x103 feet; mortgage $15,000.
$20,000— McAHIster-st. corner; stores and flats;
rents $2100.
$16,000— Leavenworth-st. corner; 60 feet front-
age; rents $135; $12,000 mortgage can remain.
$15,000—3 new flats; near Taylor and Bush
sts. ; rents $12; a fine buy.
$8500— Stockton-st. business property; brick
building; rents $840 net; 10 years' guaranteed
lease. HSTrTlfi
Northeast corner Van Ness aye. and
Green St.; lot 45x124 feet; ready to build; re-
duced from $11,000.
$5000—4 flats; No. 1114 Florida 'St., near 23d;
rents $480; want offer.
Mission home; 5 rooms; lot 25x114 feet;
near car line.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st., opposite Kearny.
SOMETHING new. inside and out; 630 Ninth
aye., north side park; fine location; street
work done; gas; sewer; water; 5 minutes'
walk trom park museum.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery St.
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass. Bts. ; must be sold; 80x114
feet.
North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet,.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster; lot 30x127:5U feet.. .
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
•$12.000— MISSION business corner; rents $95
monthly. Apply 3618 Twentieth st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
CHEAP home lots near cars; $200 to $600; $50
cash, balance easy; will build to suit. TI.IE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
$2500— NEW. modern 6-room cottage, with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly: lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON, Builder. '
$3600— HOUSE, 11 rooms, 2 baths, In 3 flats, In
good repair: newly painted; on Leavenworth
. st. Apply to 926 Washington st. • • • -
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; 60-foot lot;
northwest comer of Twenty-third and Dolores
sts.; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure if sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner. 454
Ninth st.. Oakland.
______________
PROPERTY WANTED.
COTTAGE and lot, $1500; quick. J. J. EVANs!
Real Estate Agent. 630 Market st.
_________________ _
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Krelger, 812 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY to loan on chattel mortgages and city
• and country properties. •A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st. •
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and | clothing. j
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF . your property Is mortgaged I and I you I need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.-
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlssion; private. LICK. 116 : McAllister."
MONEY WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wants $1500; -. 1 year, 10
per cent; person worth $150,000 will Indorse.
Address box 763, Call office.
CITY REAL ESTATBL
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO..
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
80x46:8— NE. cor. Post and Stockton; 80 feet
front on Post by 46:8 on Stockton; properly
improved this corner will rent for $1500 per
month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington at.;
brick improvements; rents $190. "
37:6x55— Mason st, near Post; 2-story double
houses: rents $57 50; $12,000.
57x137:6— Pine St., near Larkin; old Improve-
ments; $10,500.
38:9x137:9— Union St., near Dupont; 2-story
brick building; rents $66 50; $8500.
20xS0— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
flat; $6800; sale urgent.
25x60 — Commercial St., near Front; brick
building; $5000.
61x117— « modern flats; rents $110; sunny and
fashionable; Mission belt.
22:6x110— Vallejo, near Laguna; modern 2-
story residence of 10 rooms and bath; $7000.
49:6x98— Corner 2d and North Park lane; 12-
-room house; $7000. •
57:6x137:6— Corner Jackson st. and Adele place,
bet. Stockton and Powell; old improvements;
$6500.
25x85— 19th St., near Valencia; 2-story house
of 8 rooms and bath; $4500.
45x93:6— Greenwich, nr. Powell; residence, 10
rooms; $5000.
22x65:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of 8 rooms
and bath; $4500.
24:3x69:9— Green st., neaf Powell; new modern
bay-window fiats; rents $38; $4500.
40x137:6— Chestnut St., near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents $35; $4000.
25x57:6— 24th St., near Guerrero; 8-room house;
$4000.
25x66— Green near Hyde; modern double flats.
20x76:6— Vallejo St., near Powell; $4000.
25x122:6— Shotwell St.. near 24th; 2 flats; $3800.
50x90— Lombard, near Stockton; house of 10
rooms and bath; $4000.
70x174:1— San Jose road, near Glen Park;
house of 7 rooms and bath; $3000.
20x5S:9— Bannam place, north of Green St.; 2-
story house and rear house; rents $24; $1600.
25x75— Shipley st. near 6th; 6 flats; rent 3 $35;
$3100.
25x80— Federal st.,- near Ist.; front and rear
house: rents $26; $2250.
23x60— Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000.
25x61— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
50 vara— Hayes and Lyon sts.
65x117:6— Church and 23d sts.
25x100— Florida st., north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
80x71:10— SE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
24xSl:3— Corner Fillmore and Germania; $2750.
26x105— Corner 22d and Noe sts.; $2200.
\ 37:4' % x137:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
15x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25:8x114— 2Sth, near Dolores; $1000.
25x120— 13th aye., near J; $800.
26x120— 27th aye., near O; $200.
32:6x100 — Corner H st. and 37th aye.; $115.
Lots In Abbey ajid Silver Ter. Hd.
$ $ |.. BUYERS, EXAMINE THIS LIST..S $ $
$140,000— Pays 6 per cent net under lease: ele-
gant investment, near Spring Valley Water
Company's building.
$70«i— Nice 10- room house and lot; near Jack-
son and Fillmore sts.; % cash.
$650f>-Wlll be business: Fillmore; improved.
$7750— Larkin, near Clay; lot 38:9x137:6; cozy
house; lawn; choice location.
Timber land; sugar pine; for sale.
$450 — Marine view lot; near car line: cheap.
I $350(i— Corner house and lot: will sell or ex-
change equity for other property.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Real Kstate, Invest-
ments and Insurance, 503 California st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate P*rk.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$4000— HOUSE for sale; 37 Mo?s St., between
Sixth and Seventh; lot 25x75; next to cor; good
condition; new brick foundation; rent $40.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 6SO Market st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 63" Market at.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. IMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
Colma— Thirty-five lots in the best part of
th» School House Extension Homestead at
Colma, San Mateo County; will sell as a whole
for $60 per lot: worth doublo that price.
$41 per acie— Bay View vineyard and orchard;
37n acres adjoining Napa Soda Springs; 50 acres
in resistant wine grapes: 40 acres in olives; 10
acres in blackberries; 10<xl assorted trees; stone
wine cllar; distillery; olive oil plant with flne
building and splendid water; photos and par-
ticulars at ofllce.
Fair oaks— Beautiful villa site of 8 acres,
near Fair Oaks; $2500.
Palo Alto-Modern 8-roomed house and large
lot on College Terrace, near Palo Alto; submit
offer.
San Mateo— For rent, furnished or unfur-
nished; a beautiful place between San Mat-- )
and Belmont; beautiful view; photos at office.
For rent, furnished— Country homes near St.
Helena. San Mateo and San Carlos. Particu-
lars at ofllce.
FOR sale— By owner; bargain.
Model home, located in beautiful frostless
Hollywood; most healthy and accessible suburb
of Los Angeles; reached by electric cars in 10
minutes from city center: fare, 10c: 5 acres in
full-hearing lemon and naval orange trees, pro-
ducing abundance of fruit, which is shipped
to San Francisco market, bringing highest
prices, being choicest quality.
New 2-story Colonial nottse, up to date, viz :
open plumbing, range, hot and cold water, flne
bathroom,' porcelain tub; house wired for elec-
trirlty; new barn and carriage-house; shade
trees, palms, flowers, etc., etc.; abundance of
water for irrigation; perpetual water right and
paid for; Income from fruit sales pays hand-
somely on investment; owner engaged in mer-
cantile business in San Francisco, and interests
are centered there.
Would consider exchange for desirable San
Francisco or Oakland property. Address the
owner, W. B. GLIDDEN.
120 Sutter St., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco in-
come property— A highly improved farm in
Sacramento County, 7 miles east of Sacra-
mento, on railroad; 140 acres in bearing
vines, shipping and wine grapes; 50 acres in
bearing orchard shipping fruit; 30 acres in
new vineyard and orchard: 35 acres in alfalfa,
balance hay and grain; entire place under a
good state of cultivation; will be sold as a
whole or in 75, 100, 160-acre tracts. For
further Information address J. E. MAN-
LOVE. Perkins. Cal.
STOCK RANCH. STOCK RANCH,
10 000ACRKS. IN SANTA CLARA CO.
$.V PER ACRE. STOCK EXTRA.
Controls 6000 acres adjoining; 175 good
springs; 70 water troughs; well fenced; native
grasses to carry 1500 head of cattle.
Me A FEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
$2 75 PER acre, choice piece of 600 acres land
near Ukiah; 4 blocks from railroad; $1500
worth of wood; V 4 cash, balance 7 per cent.
J4 50 per acre; 640 acres timber land; Shasta
County.
$1650 — Forty acres improved; house; Santa
Cruz mountains; near station.
$2750—% cash; 27-acre orchard at Vacaville;
house, stock, etc. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery st.
LAKE County— For stock, grain, fruit and
poultry ranches, improved and unimproved,
in vicinity of Lakeport and Kelseyville, write
C. H. BOLLES, Kelseyville.
FOR PALE — 12 acres bearing prunes at Los
Gatos; good buildings in large live oak grove;
View of Santii Clara Valley and San Fran-
cisco Bay; finest place for a summer home;
spring water; good reasons for selling. Ad-
dress A. I. M., box 315, Los Gatos, Cal.
$6000—150 ACRES, Santa Clara County; nice
cottage and barn: 20 acres first-class orchard;
abundance of wood and water; delightful,
healthy location; will exchange for house of
equal value in Oakland, Alameda or Berke-
ley. W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311 Hearst big.
CHICKEN ranch, 6 miles from Oakland; good
4-room cottage, 5 chicken houses, fruit trees
and small fruit; also 2 acres unimproved and
stock: 100 chickens. OWNER, box 125, Fruit-
vale P. O.
TO RENT— Chicken ranch; good house and
barn; ptock and Improvements for sale. In-
quire at NEILSON'S store, Dimond, Upper
Fruitvale.
SONOMA County— Bo acres; fruit, timber,
buildings; $1150. ANDREW PRICE, 206
Kearny st.. room 306.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27, Mh floor, Mills bldg., S. F.
RANCH of 15 acres; within 2 miles of Peta-
luma; in orchard and garden land. Address
J. C. WISEMAN, box 174, Petaluma.
FOR sale, cheap— Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver '-.and; unexcelled salmor. and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON. Duncans. Van-
couver Island.
$900— PART cash; chicken ranch of 7 acres; on
main road from Petaluma; level land; every-
thing complete; growing crop and several
hundred white leghorn pullets; a bargain on
account of other business. For further par-
ticulars address P. O. box 16. Cotatl, Sonoma
County. Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO., 3ft2 California St.. S. F.
WANTED— S or more acres, suitable for poul-
try in exchange for cash and new mdse.; write
full description. Box 616, Cal! office.
$5 TO $30 and acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Cn-fv. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
DEWEY Navigation and Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10, 1899, for St. Michael. Cape Nome and
Kotzebue Sound. Contracts for passengers
and freight must be made with the general
office; no outside agents. For particulars
apply to CHAB. F. BLANDIN. President. 10
California St.. room 6.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATB.
OAKLAND PROPERTY AT AUCTION.
SAN PABLO AVENUE
AND RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
AT AUCTION! AT AUCTION!
SATURDAY, JUNE 3, 1599.
SATURDAY, JUNE 3, 1899.
At 2 o'clock p. m., on the Grounds.
BEAUTIFUL SUBDIVISIONS.
THE CREAM OF OAKLAND'S
RESIDENCE
AND BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Fronting San Pablo aye., Market, Thirty-third
and Thirty-fourth sts.
RIGHT IN THE LINE OF IMPROVEMENTS.
NEW FERRY.
NEW RAILROAD TERMINALS,
NEW ELECTRIC ROAD.
More new houses have been built in this loca-
tion within the last six months than in
any -other location In Oakland.
Carriages at Oakland Office to Show the
Property.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
MILLS BUILDING. ROOMS 15 AND 16,
SECOND FLOOR. SAN FRANCISCO.
CIGAR stand for sale in best part of Oakland;
also flne saie, $65, and upright piano, $150.
AJLJPEK CO., 90S Broadway.
4- ACRE chicken and fruit ranch at Fruitvale;
a bargain. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$5500— GOOD hotel property; Alameda County;
sickness, must sell. ALDEN CO., 902 Broad-
way.
$2350—2 NEW flats, well located and rented $24
month. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$1250— COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath; lot 2oxlC0; neuir
narrow and broad gauge stations for San
Francisco. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$650— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, and lot; near Center
Station. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
WANTED— 7 OR 8-room house; $3000; east of
West at., south of 22d; will pay $1000 cash.
ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$4500 — NEW modern 2-story house on corner; lot
44x100; Eighth st., bet. Market and Adeline.
ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$2250 — NEW 7-room residence, all modern; cor-
ner lot and well located near cars; $500 cash.
ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real estate, S per cent; also
furniture, pianos, etc., 1 per cent a month.
ALDEN CO.. 902 Broadway.
$1800— 6-ACRE home; elegant fruit, house, barn,
horse, wagon and tools: Contra Costa County.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
2-STORY house, 5 rooms; Oakland; only $6.",0.
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway.
5-ROOM cottage: near Thirtieth and Grove sts. ;
rents $15; only $1600. See C. K. KING, 902
Broadway.
3 ACRES and comfortable house; Fruitvale;
$1900. See C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
APPLY TO E. E. BUNCK.
90K BROADWAY,
FOR BARGAIN'S.
120-acre improved ranch In Napa County;
clear: exchange for city property.
45-acre resort in Lake County; exchange for
city property.
1000-acre stock ranch in Shasta County; ex-
change for city property.
640-acre grain ranch to exchange for city
property.
18 acres in Contra Costa County to exchange
for city property.
BARGAIN— Lot; Sixteenth aye.; street work
done; half block from street cars; near local
train ; $150.
Bargain— Only 2 lots; Fruitvale, near Alten-
heim; on street car line; $125 each.
Bargain— House, 4 rooms; 2 lots; near local
train; $600— H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broad way .__
$5100— FINEST home In the Adams Point prop-
erty, Oakland Heights; new modern house;
latest style throughout: large reception hall;
cement basement; heater; polished wood fin-
ish; magnificent view; lot 70x150; built for
owner's occupancy; must be sold. WILLIAM
J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway, Oakland; Mills
building, rooms 15 and 16, second floor, San
Francisco.
nmi__-
$500 CASH, balance on time to suit buyer: a
lovely home; modern, up-to-date 2-story new
h..use of 10 rooms and bath; large lot; situate
in tropical Fruitvale, on Fruitvale aye., the
conter of attraction; electric cars Dass the
door' close to a flne school; sewered and city
water and gas; price all told $200<i; easy pay-
ments; this is a flne buy. 455 Seventh St.,
near corner Broadway. Oakland.
H. 55. JONES, Owner.
FINK corner lot 80x135 in Moss Tracf, East
Oakland, unincumbered, for sale very cheap.
Fur particulars write to owner, LOUIS A.
LAFRANCA, Mission San Jose, Cal.
MODERN residence; 9 rooms; only $500 cash,
balance same as rental; price $4000; corner
lot; well located. Address OWNER, box 284,
('all office.
CHOICE lots In East Oakland; want to sell at
once. MRS. C. M. SADLER, 2116 Central aye.,
Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
FURNISHED house of 9 rooms for 3 months;
$3fl month; 2 blocks from the station, at 527
Ka«t Kleventh St., Kast Oakland.
OAK 1. A. MI KIHMTIHK FOR SAUL
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, the
furniture denier 11th and Franklin. Oakland
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA REAL ESTATE.
WE offer the following special bargains:
$650— Bay-shore lot; Walnut St.; 40x125.
$1350 — Cottage, near Grand St., 7 rooms and
bath.
$2100— 6-room cottage, bath, gas, etc., lot 50x
150; San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st.
$2600— Large 2-story. 6-room house; modern
improvements; completely furnished; large lot;
Chestnut-st. station.
Lot 50x150 : Han Jose aye. ; great bargain ;
will build house to suit.
E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park st.
NEW modern house; best part of city; large
lot; must sell; owner going East; no reason-
able offer refused; easy terms. Owner, box
64fi, Call.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!!
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $35"0 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
620 Market St.. S. F., Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$25 CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for; a new
3-room cottage; high basement: lot 50x25'j
feet: price all told $425; Westall Tract, in
tropical Fruitvale. adjoining East Oakland:
rich soil; grand view; superb climate: no cuid
winds nor fogs here; electric cars and a 00-
-foot wide boulevard near: not far from a une
3-story Kchoolhouse; there are quite a numocr
of S. F. merchants now located in thla hec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
at. near corner Brondway, Oakland; carriaga
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
|1500 — NICE modern cottage; R rooms; your own
plan; on lot 33x100; $300 cash: $20 per month.
J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES~
COMPLETELY furnished house, 9 rooms, large
grounds; block from trains. 2116 Santa <'iara.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies tn delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Bth it.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST the place you have been looking for.
You have been wanting to raise chickens;
here is your opportunity; I have a very flne
corner lot, 200x140, with a flne house of 7
rooms; In perfect order; electric cars pass
the property: only 5 minutes to R. R. station:
a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc.; to be sold
for less than the improvements cost. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
ONLY $1600 for a very desirable 6-room house
and lot: handy to electric and local station.
O G. MAY & CO., Berkeley.
FRUITV\LE FURNISHED JROOMS.
THREE or four furnished rooms for house-
keeping on Davis St.. Fruitvale; hot and cold
water connected: scenery unexcelled. Inquire
Fruitvale Realty, Fruitvale station.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE).
$750— HOUSE of 4 rooms, 7-foot basement; brick
foundation; hothouse, stable, fine garden;
corner lot; three blocks from local train.
— New cozy cottage of 3 large rooms; hard
finished; 2 chicken-houses; city water;, lot IOOx
125; all fenced; two blocks from electric cars.
$850 — Sacrifice; new cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: choice fruit trees in bearing; lot 35x135;
fine neighborhood: only two blocks from Fruit-
vale aye. : $150 cash, balance $10 per month. '
$950 Chicken ranch, 1% acres, with house of
4 rcoms. barn, large greenhouse, fine well,
windmill and tank: owner is going. away and
is obliged to sell; see this for a. bargain. -
To lease on favorable terms to responsible
parties, a summer resort containing , a house
of 9 rooms and bath, with barroom, lartre din-
ing-hall, 4 nice summer houses, beautiful gar-
den: most favorable in Frultvale. For further
information apply to H. A. PLEITNER, Fruit-
vale Station, Cal.
NEW, neat, complete cottage; big lot; little
money and easy terms. D. PRATT, Fruit-
vale station. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco.
ELMHtJRST REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— A good, live, wide-awake hardware
man and plumber to go into business at the
pushing little town and coming city of Elm-
hurst; a good, fair trade already built up
and a first-class storeroom and workshop
with 5-room flat for rent or sale. See PIT-
TOCK, Real Estate, Elmhurst.
BARGAINS'. BARGAINS!
. A very choice business property in Elmhurst,
on O. and H. road, near to power-house and
business center; lot 100x150; a very nice new
modern house of 5 rooms with large room
in front for" business purposes; nice out-
building and everything up-to-date; will be
sold very low if taken within 30 days. See
PITTOCK. Real Estate. Elmhurst.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY WINDOW HOUSE— Perry St., near
Fourth st.; 4 rooms; rent $10; water free.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
ELLIS, 1458— Sunny, six rooms and bath; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st. '
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1206— Sunny, 10 rooms
and bath; rent $45. ASHTON & GARDINER.
411 Montgomery st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 5 rooms. 16 Metcalf place, off Geary,
between Mason and Taylor.
HOUSE 6 rooms and bath: all modern im-
provements; rent $16. 2754 Twenty-third st.
HOWARD, 549— Lodging house, 37 rooms, $45;
or hotel, barroom, range, all house, $60.
LAGUNA. 1717— House of 8 rooms, bath; base-
ment; yard; newly papered; rent $30.
PACIFIC Heights residence; 1907 Pacific aye.,
near Gough St.; S rooms, servant's and store-
room, heater, etc.; marine view; new plumb-
ing; newly papered and painted; low rent.
Apply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
SUNNY house, 9 rooms and fcath; garden 55x
120. Call 10 to 5, 312 Page st.
SEE the sunny S-room house. 26 Franklin St.,
off Market; fine for renting rooms.
THE most charming spot in the Mission; mag-
nificent view; delightful climate; fine large
grounds; flowers and lawn; NW. corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-first; electric cars; hou&e of
12 rooms in perfect condition; stable and car-
riage house; rent low to good tenant Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON. 3454 Twenty-first St..
near Guerrero, or 655 Mission St.; key at cor.
VALENCIA. 1218— Six rooms and bath: rent $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
a VERY pleasant sunny houses, 3386 and 3388
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; electric cars;
7 rooms, laundry, bath; in first-class condi-
tion; rent satisfactory to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first St.,
or 655 Mission; key at corner.
20 COTTAGES AND HOUSES in the Mission
. for . sale very cheap for cash or on . easy
terms, by C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
DEVISADERO, 1125 — Completely furnished
sunny corner upper flat, 4 rooms; bath; reas.
CAPP, 614— Sunny 10-room house; will rent for
3 months or longer.
PARTLY furnished house; modern conv'ces;
2533 Mission. Apply room 8, Flood building.
SAN CARLOS, San Mateo County— For rent for
three months or longer to small family, . a
pleasant furnished house of 8* rooms. For
particulars address station agent. . .
COTTAGES TO LET.
A. M SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
FLATS. 1 COTTAGES.
431 4th aye., 6-r $151245 Sanchez. 5-r. .513 50
1217 Pacific. 5-r 13 1241 Sanchez. 5-r.... .13
318 Pt Lobos, 5 : r..12 50 315 Jersey, 5-r 13
1914 Union. 5-r 12 ! 4218 26th. 5-r 13
328 Lombard. 5-r.... 12 3993 Army, 4-r , 8
ARLINGTON, 333— Cottage; 3 rooms: chicken
house; yard; price $6; near Glen Park.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms, large yard and base-
■ ment. 718 Grove St., bet. Buchanan and
Webster. •
COTTAGE at 831 San Jose aye., near Thirtieth
st.; 5 rooms, one furnished; big yard: rent $12.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms, yard, basement; $10.
3254 Folsom st. ; key in corner grocery.
DEVISADERO, Furnished cottage; rent
reasonable to good tenant.
TO LET— IS 62 Turk st.; 4-room cottage; also
cottage 3 rooms, rear; large stable; reasnble.
$6 — REAR cottage; 4 rooms, basement; water
free. 339 Jersey st.; Castro cars.
$12 — SUNNY cottage; 6 rooms; newly renovated.
5 Railway aye.. off Dolores: key 3579 17th.
FLATS TO LET.
A.~m"~SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
FLATS. • COTTAGES.
431 4th aye., 6-r $15 1245 Sanchez. 5-r.. 50
1217 Pacific, 5-r 13 1241 Sanchez, 5-r.... 13
318 Pt Lobos, 5-r.. 12 50 315 Jersey. 5-r 13
1914 Union, 5-r 12 4218 26th. 5-r 13
328 Lombard, 5-r.... 12 3993 Army, 4-r 8
ADELAIDE place, 8, off Taylor, nr Post—
4 nice sunny rooms, $12.
FELL, 492— Elegant modern flat; 6 large sunny
rooms; bath; cellar; $25.
FILLMORE, 2216V6— Newly decorated sunny
flat; 5 large rooms and bath; reduced rent;
$20. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT, 3 rooms and bath. 3313 Twenty-first st.
FLAT— 6 sunny rooms, bath and basement.
410^ Thirteenth St.; rent $21.
FLAT of 5 rooms; large yard; $10. 417 Green
street.
FRANKLIN, 517, near McAllister— flat,
3 rooms, cheap.
FRANKLIN, 714, near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath;
yard. '
FULTON, 842— Sunny; 6 rooms and bath; rent
$25.. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st.
HOWARD, 878 — Sunny; 5 rooms and bath; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st. .
HOWARD, 1806— Sunny double bay-window
flat; 6 rooms and bath; $15. ,
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat, 5 rooms;
gas; bath'; modern improvements.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms and bath; sanitary
plumbing, $13. 17 Ewing place, bet. Post and
gutter, off Laguna. .
MCALLISTER, 1721— Modern; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $25. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Mont-
gomery st.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath, $18. 1805
Eddy St., near Scott.
NEW flat: 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
rent cheap. Apply at 349 Liberty st.
NICE flat, 8 sunny rooms; all modern im-
provements; rent cheap. 3397 Sacramento st.
NINTH, 243— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $15. . '
SHARON, 38, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church— slB. new. flat, five rooms
and bath, cellar, yard, stable for 2 horses.
SIXTH, 536 A —Upper flat; 5 rooms, bath; front
and rear entrance; large yard; rent $12.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY bay-window flat: 6 rooms and bath;
electric and cable pass the door; rent re-
duced. 4081 Eighteenth st.
SUNNY corner flat, , 7 rooms and bath, cheap.
648 Minna st., near Eighth.
SUNNY 3-room flat. 416 Hyde St.. between El-
lis and O'Farrell.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath. 2353 Market
St., $10; store, $10. - \ ,' • . . ;
SUTTER. 1613— Modern; 7 rooms and bath: rent
$30. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgom-
ery ht.'
THIRD, 415 A —Sunny ..at, 8 rooms,- latest im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay windows.
THIRD .and ' HOWARD — Corner; new flats;
suitable for physician, dentist or dressmaker.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
TO let— Furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
. reasonable. 1426 Leavenworth st."
TURK, 520B— Sunny ; flat, 4 rooms; large base-
ment; rent $12; no children.
UPPER flat, sunny corner; 5 rooms, bath and
yard: $10. 114 San Jose aye. ■•;
UPPER sunny flat; 6. rooms; modern Improve-
ments; fine location; rent cheap. 1212 Fulton.
FLATS T« LET— Continued.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry:
» •toreroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllnaore.
5-ROOM flat to let. 71 Clementina st., near
Second; rent reasonable. '■ . .
6 ROOMS, $14; cottage. 4 rooms. $18. Key 623
Second St., corner Rincon aye. .
$S UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$9— HAVES, BS7V4; flat of 3 rooms; new plumb-
ing and separate yard. >
$10— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st, off Market, near Valencia. '
$12— CORNER upper flat, 6 rooms and bath.
Apply grocery corner 24th and Florida sts.
$13 50— SHIPLEY. 297 A, near Sixth; flat, 5 sunny
rooms; bath; gas; yard.
5-ROOM upper flat. 4140 Twentieth St.,
near Castro. ______________
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth st. -' . - -^^_______
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 14A Geary st. a completely furnished suite
for housekeeping: closets and running water
in both rooms; $20; also other rooms cheap.
BRANNAN. 422, near Third— 2 upper sunny
rooms, furnished or unfurnished; rent $t» mo.
CALIFORNIA, 719—2 rooms; good stove; also
other bedrooms suitable for gentlemen.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness aye.— To let, 3
rooms, furnished or unfurnished. __
DOLORES, 382, near 18th— 2 rooms fur-
nished for housekpg for 2 people; cookstove.
EDDY, 207— Nice large front room complete
for housekeeping; also others; gas; bath;
quiet. .
EIGHTEENTH, Large sunny bay-window
room; 2 closets; partly furnished; bath; $0.
ERIE, 47—2 and 3 housekeeping rooms, separate
entrance, garden; rent $10 and $13.
FIFTH Clean furnished housekpg.; pri-
vate; 3 connecting rooms, $13; single;, $j up.
FOLSOM, 523— Parlor floor flat of 3 large rooms;
furnished complete for hskpg.; use of piano.
FOURTH. Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping-; also single. _^____
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Elegant parlor suite,
vacant after June 1; references.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
floor, complete; also single $5.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone. .
HARRISON, 676— Parlor floor, 3 nice sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
HARRISON, 946— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, only $8 a month.
HAVES, 795—2 " nicely furniened rooms for
housekeeping; private family.
HICKORY aye., 181— 2 large furnished rooms
for housekeeping; $8.
HOWARD, — 2 or 3 rooms, furnished com-
plete for' housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD. 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1, $2 60 week.
HOWARD S27A— 2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. $2 per week, $8 per month.
HOWARD, Thoroughly renovated and fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; also
single rooms; gas and bath; rent reasonabie.
HOWARD, 988 — Furnished front room for
housekeeping, $10 per month.
HOWARD 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near 16th— sunny parlor
suites for housekeeping, $10 and $12; bath.
HYDE, 110—3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; also 2 in front basement.
HYDE 129—2 nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, complete for hskpg. ; single; reas.
HYDE 609—2 to 4 housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished complete, with range, from $12 to $16.
Call Monday. "
JUNIPER. 44A, off Folsom, near Eleventh— s3,
sunny front room; unfurnished new flat.
KEARNY, 104—2 unfurnished rooms, $10; 8 fur-
nished rooms, $20.
LANGTON, 15. near Seventh and Howard— 3
neatly furnished rooms; housekeeping; $10.
L\RKIN 804— Sunny furnished back bedroom,
and kitchen, $9; also large room, $6.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
;. sunny' rooms; also 2 rooms; cheap.
LEXINGTON aye.. 375— Large unfurnished
room, suitable for housekpg; private family.
MARKET, 1724, near Polk— 2 newly furnished
housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished basement house-
keeping room, $1 50 per week.
MINNA, lll'/i— Furnished bay-window house-
keeping suite; $2 per week.
MINNA. 53.', near Sixth— Large sunny house-
keeping room, $S.
MINNA, 573— Housekeeping; 1 large sunny
room, all complete; rent cheap.
MISSION, Large front room and kitchen
complete for housekeeping, $3; furnished
rooms, $2.
MISSION, 2133— Large front room, with small
kitchen, $9; also 3 large rooms; running
water; bath; cheap.
NATOMA. 639*4— or 2 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping.
NINTH, 113— Sunny housekeeping and single
rooms; with running water; reasonable.
OAK 119— Sunny front room, clean and fur-
nished complete for housekeeping, $5.
PINE, 704— Front sunny suite, furnished; fold-
ing bed: stove; running water; $12.
POLK, 610—2 or 3 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: gas range; private family.
POST, 719— Housekeeping rooms, $20; double
room, $12. . ■
SHOTWELL,. 708— Large sunny housekeeping
room; Mission warm belt.
SIXTH, 108—2 sunny furnished rooms suitable
for light housekeeping. - ••■ '
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath: reasonable.
SIXTEENTH, 2822. near Folsom — Sunny fur-
nished rooms, with or without hskpg; cheap.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; , also single room.
ST. JAMES, Laguna and McAllister— Choice
- sunny rooms and apartments; baths; tele-
phone; reception rooms; furnished suites, $15;
unfurnished, $12 50; moderate. '
STOCKTON, 711 Nice furnished rooms for
housekpg, $8 to $10 month: other nice rooms.
THIRD 303— Furnished sunny front rooms; also
rooms for light housekeeping; quiet place.
TURK 405. corner Hyde — 4 connecting front
rms., with good stoves: suitable 2 families.
TWELFTH. 40 — 2 or 3 rooms; furnished for
housekeeping; kitchen; $10 or $14. _^
TWENTIETH, 36?2. near Valencia— sunny
connecting furnished rooms; bath; sink.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— Com-
■ pletely furnished large connecting front sunny
suites. $8 to $11. .
TWENTY-THIRD, 3278, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry. __
VALENCIA, 921—3 nice clean convenient house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
VAN NESS aye., Unfurnished sunny par-
lors; also other rooms; housekeeping. .
~"~~~ ; ROOMS TO LET. __^___
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-clasa
in every respect: terms reasonable. -
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
SUTTER. 715. 831— Furnished, unfurnished;
very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
TAYLOR. 149. corner Eddy— furnish-
ed sunny front rooms, from $2 50 week up.
AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-.
nished rooms for gentlemen.
ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; suites $1 60 week and up; transient.
BRADY, 39, between Market and Mission-
Furnished sunny rooms; .with or without
board; reasonable; French family. ■
BUSH, 1124— Beautiful rooms. $10 and $12; sun,
bath, running water; home comforts.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLEMENTINA, 736 A. near Ninth— Newly fur-
■ nlshei front room, suitable for 2, $7.
CLIFFORD,' 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO, 1823— Furnished rooms, private
family. $5 per month. : ■ ;•:
EDDY, !3. corner Powell— Sunny furnished
rooms on Market st.,' $1 75 to $3 50 week.
EDDY, 603— Unfurnished large alcove parlor
and housekeeping rooms. .». "...
ELLIS, 209V4— Nicely. furnished front room; $5
per month. ... . ' .-.••-.".
Additional Classified Advertisement* I
; ;^; on Page 14. . k
1314
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EXPERIENCED woman to cook and do light
housework for 2 tor rm. and ML Box 163, Call.
GOLDEN GATE ax.-.. 229— Nicely furnished
front parlor; bath; gas; hkpg. ft if desired $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front i m; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. _
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunn) rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK Bouse, 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 GU to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 7S4i.i, nr. 4th-Fln_y furnished
sunny rms.; all conv'cs; quiet home; _ wk.
HARRISON, 346— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for 2; also single rooms.
HAVES. 114-One or two unfurnished rooms
to let.
HAVES, 73S— Two sunny furnished connecting
rooms to let; running water; gas.
HOWARD. S2'.>— Rooms from $1 week up; also
housekeeping and transients.
JESSIE, 162, near Palace— Nicely furnished
sunny 'double room. $1 SO; single. $1.
JFSSIF 310". near Fourth— Several furnished
rooms' in private family; newly furnished;
rent reasonable.
.
KH\RNKY near Sutter— Large light room for
$6 a month: Kas free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
L\Gl\\A, fl3. near Hayes, upstairs— Comfor-
table housekeeping room for one or two
ladies; very reasonable; in all day.
___;,;, sunny furnished room to rent reason-
able. Call *63 Mission jst.
MCALLISTER, 1030— One or two front, sunny,
furnished rooms; closet, gas; $'. to $6 month.
MINN \ G67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION 1220— Large room for two; running
* water; grate; $10: single for $3.
MISSION 1316— Neatly furnished double rooms;
also 2 Others unfurnished; sunny; adults pfd.
MISSION, Sunny single front room; low
r^nt; private family.
O'FARRELL. Bunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 20S— i single, $5 per mo., and 1
double furnished room, $2 week. ■
O'F \RRELL. 271. nr. Powell— Elegant modern
sunny ronms. suite and single; reasonable.
CTFARRFLL 805— Comfortably furnished sin-
pie room; gas and bath; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL; So 4 —2 or more gunny rooms, sin-
gle or housekeeping.
PINE, 706'-j— Front furnished or unfurnished
roc 'in ; reasonable.
POLK, 17— Double or single rooms. $1 to $3^
POLK, * 1602 — Unfurnished front bay-window
room; also furnished small room.
POST 52."> — Single room for lady or gentleman;
cheap; call before 11 a. m. or after I p. m.
poWKLL. ir., adjoining Columbia Theater—
Well-furnished quiet rooms; day, week or mo.
K<>YAL Houso, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
lisht: reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 3.'.c to $1 50;
week. J2 to fi month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold win. : baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH 13ft— Large front room suitable for
business; also reins for light housekeeping.
sfxTH, 4uS — 2 front connecting rooms, suitable
2 men or housekeeping; bath; $10 and $12.
ST. JAMES, Laguna and McAllister— Sunny,
choice rooms and apartments; unequaled for
rates charged.
SUTTERJ 713— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family; all conveniences; gentlemen only.
TAYLOR. 112— Nicely furnished sunny suites;
tdso sunny single rooms; from $2 to $5 a week.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St., near Market—
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD. H9 (The Oaks)— first-class up-to-
date roominz house; Is now open.
VAN NESS. 904— Elegantly furnished alcove
and single room; reasonable.
1 OR 2 ladies desiring rooms in a respectable
family call 410 A Bryant st.
$1 A WEEK— Large sunny single room; closet;
bath; private. 122 Fifth st. «
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
T-ostag-p paid.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 413 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
HARTLETT, 102. comer 22d— Front sunny bay-
window room, running water, with board.
CASTRO, 044. near Nineteenth'— Desirable fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, with bath.
DENISTON House, corner Valencia and 2lst—
Pc location; sunny mis., nicely furnished;
ent table; suiter, with board, $30 and up.
ELLIS, 31S— Nicely furnished rooms with first-
class board; $20 per month.
GEARY. 721— Handsomely furnished rooms In
private family; good board; reasonable; refs.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $23; double, $20.
POWELL; Sf'S (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq. — Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
ROOM and board cheap. 540 Howard st.
THE Longworth, .'22 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
1 OR 2 children to board, and room tor par-
ents. -IC9 Minna st.
CHILDREN BOARDED. 1
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 ;«ir
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st
RESTAURANTS.
"WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
" ~~~
3 NEW stores with 2 rooms back of each, cor-
ner Seventh and Minna sts. by JOHN
PFORR, Agent, 403 Pine st.
; __=_;
STORE— Twenty-third and Guerrero; three
rooms; cement cellar; suitable for bakery.
SEVENTH st., opposite new Postofflee; store
and 5 rooms; ?20.
SIXTH. 538 Store and 3 rooms; large yard;
rear entrance; rent $10. •
TO let-Store, 1346 Market St.. bet. City Hall
aye. and Larkln st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th« Weekly Call.
71 prizes, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.
STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN. until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY.
10TH DAY OF JUNE. IS9O,
And at the office, of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLSOM. until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY.
17TH DAY OF JUNE. 1899, v
At which times and places they will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence stores, forage, fuel
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
staple supplies, from July 1. 1899. to June 30,
J9OO. inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
paid schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check ui*>n some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for nt least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald, President of the Board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract upon notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders a ill carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the public interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President.
J. V. ELLIS, Clerk.
PROPOSALS- 7 , ..
Proposals for Hardware, plumbers mate-
rials, lumber, paints, oils, etc.. furniture,
fuel, stovepipe, stationery, library b'.oks.
physical, chemical and other apparatus and
supplies, printing, lithographing, etc. Sealed
proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
May 31, 1559, at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for fur-
nishing the School Department of this city
and county during the fiscal year 1899-1&00
with hardware, plumbers' material*, lumber,
paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel, stovepipe,
stationery, library books, etc., and for do-
ing the printing and lithographing required
during the Bald fiscal year. In accordance
with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education. City Hall. -."'-.
The parties to whom contracts are award-
ed will be required, prior to or at the time
of execution of the contracts, to pay their
proportion of the cost of advertising.
J. A. SIMPSON, Secretary.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are Felling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER &. CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
PIANO, furniture, billiard table, etc.; must be
Bold P. D. Q. DAVIS, 1111 Market St., near
Seventh, Odd Fellows' building. __
FOR sale— Upright Steinway piano in good or-
der; also Cullgraph typewriter . No. 3. 1900
Vallejo st ,
AT 517 McAllister a family must sell $600 up-
right regardless of co_t.
OUR specialty i.« renting new pianos: $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes at.
R, A . DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAITZY, 308 to 312 Post St.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments. $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Stelnways. Keefte's,
1019 Van Ness, nr Geary; tel. Larkln .06.
BARGAINS Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— sS3- UPRIGHT plan.' In line condition; al«o
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st. _____
W. G. BADGER, 41.' Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. iIMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernts Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'FarreU st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
M U LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
FOR Shetland pony, 4 years old, at 1222
Grand Bl . Alameda.
JUST arrived, two car\oads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses." Chase & Men'denhall.
successors Killip & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Mki.
40 HORSES tor sale; also wagons, btissle*.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
J!7 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
I.IVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
KOR tale — 10 horses and mules at old Turk-si.
car ytahleg. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEARLY new Model B range; waterback; will
exchange for delivery wagon. Sl4 Treat aye. J
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts, j
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at. i
FOB, BALE- HISC-Clilu-JfiSOOS.
BOILERS engines 2d-hand machinery. Mr-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
RARE chance for 2 days only; i solitaire dla-
mond rings, price $12 each, worth $30; " solid
14-karat gold vest chains, sold for their ac-
tual weight in gold.. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant a. ■■ _____
A FINE violin, cost new $25. for $7 50. At UN-
CLE HARRIS. IS Grant- aye.
TWO 15-inch guns, weight 42.000 pounds
each, for ornament; off monitor Comanche.
MELVIN TAYLOR, 690 Brush St.. Oakland.
CHEAP— FuII-size brass bed, 1 dressing case,
1 center table. 1110 Leavenworth st.
FINE young mastiff for sale cheap, account
shortage of room. 1153 Octavia St., between
5 and 10 a. in.
GASOLINE engines, second hand, from -2 to M
horsepower; cheap and guaranteed.
1 HORSEPOWER horizontal gas engine good
order; almost new; very cheap, b4.-> Mission.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
for sale cheap. 42 Main si., S. F. ______
ELEGANT bar fixtures; must sell at once. 105
Mason St.. between 12 and 5 p. m.
KI^ONDIKE DOGS
Well-trained sled dogs for sale at 2137 Lorn- <
Viard st. !
FINE Wheeler & Wilson sewing machine, $•-;
must sell. 180 Eleventh st.
HOWARD. 1506 Good .chance; candy and ice
cream parlor; sickness the cause; established
6 years.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
A^ ~ AN OVERSTOCK -
St. Germain Billiard Co., 4C9 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tallies, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; Installmts.
LADY called into mourning will sell a gray
cloth suit reasonable; can be seen at 531 Sut-
ter ft. O'NEILL & THOMPSON.
DRESS panl ?2 95: fine suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery. cor.Commercial,
FOR Fale— Cheap; bakery and notion store, 909
Bryant st. " ' ''■■'''
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. 'p. $125, 8
!. p. $150, 4 h. p. $17.",. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 33U Kearny st., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V., 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 516 Mission Bt.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st. '_
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1068 Mission St.
SAFES All sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35; attachment (only), $15; will
lit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGIN8 1 Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure cold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty: flexible
plates from JO; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. |
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. <;. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell et., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $:;: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, J-; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission si., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— Painless dentistry; guarantee 10
years; lowest prices; 10 operators; no stu-
dents; painless extraction by electricity. 997
Market st. _
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St., corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist. 909 Mission st., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up: open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate DR. H. G.
VfITNC". 1941 l>nllf ot -■-■ .„.-,:.
n
I_JJUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School. civil and mining, as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, feeol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, '•■in-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics,
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post «t.
ATRES 1 Business College, 79 Market »t.;
i shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
i scholarship, ?•"■'•; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 00, Flood build-
ing. S. H. TARR, Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course In bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mitt.
i ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mii,-
ing, mecb, survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DEIt NAILLEN. »33 Market.
: LAW Schools. 927 -Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night;. correspondence.
i PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty, MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
' "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln st.. opp. City Hail.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28. 1899.
LOST. /
$100 REWARD ' '-- , ' ' _
Will be Da Id for the return of ladles nve-
■tone diamond ring, lost In vicinity of' Hotel
l'leasanton last Sunday. Leave with KINO.
MOSS & CO.. 639 Market st.
. ■ — — i
LOST— In Oakland or San Francisco, or on
train or at ferry, silver chatelaine pin, with
watch, bonboniere. knife, pencil and tablet;
initials "W. A. P." on tablet and watch.
Return to Shreve's Jewelry Store, or 1168
Tenth St.. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— Diamond locket monogramed G. B. on
the lark: pictures of parents inside. A lib-
eral reward will be given for return of same
to G. BARATY. 24 gutter St.
LOST or stolen— Bicycle, from entrance of Em-
porium. Reward at 258 13th St.; no questions.
LOST— M.. lay. black opera glasses: reward. <
MRS. FOSTER, r. 11, Delaware. 1421 Market.
LOST — Umbrella, shepherd's crook handle, last
Monday. Return to 9 Geary St., room 15.
LOST— Ostrich boa. Finder may receive suit- '.
able reward by calling at ISI Noe st.
LOST— Slitter or Polk st., a gold army buckle
monogram. If found please return GROVE
P. AVERS, Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, 235
Market st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPATTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
300 McAllister St., cor. Larkin. Tel. Mint l.",01.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
.1 McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 344.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S". Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 30S Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c -yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
F.ulre (ex-Congressman) and James 1... Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market st.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building: nc advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc.. drawn: moderate lees- call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE ; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, «}. W
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. •
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship: Sth floor Crocker hldg.
L. S. CLARKE -Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no chance unless successful. W.
TV. r>AVIPPON. 327 Market ft. ■
STORAGE.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage 'of
rum. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
T22 Mission: goods guaranteed: t»l Clay f\.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BROSS— In Alameda. May 22, ISM. to the wife
of George Brass, a son.
CARR— In this city. May 26. 1899. to the wlf
of Thomas Carr, a daughter.
COX— In this city. May 22. 1599, to the wife
of James Cox, a daughter.
DIEZ -In this city, May 27. 1899, to the wife of
Phillip J. Die*, a daughter.
FINNEY— In Berkeley. May 15. 1899. to the
wife of Charles E. Finney. a daughter. '
FLANAGAN— In this city. May IS, 1899, to the
wife of George L. Flanagan, a son.
GILL— In this city. May 20. 1899. to the wife of
Stephen A. Gill, a daughter.
GREEN-In this city. May 23, 1899, to the wife
of J. S. Green, a daughter.
JAEGER this city, May 24, 1899; to the
wife of F. C. Jaeger, a son.
LAMBERT— In this city. May 22. 1899, to the
wife of T. A. Lambert, a daughter.
LYNX— In this city. May 27, 1899, to the wife
of .1. P. Lynn, a daughter.
McDEVITT In this city. May 14. 1899, to the
wife of John F. McDevitt, a daughter.
Mi KNKAXY —In this city. May S. 1599. to
the wife of Thomas McEneany, a daughter.
ROBERTS- In this city. May 25, 1899, to the
wife of J. G. Roberts, a son.
ROSS— Ln this city. May 18. 1899, to the wife
of R. G. Ross, a daughter.
SAMPSON— Vallejo, May 22, 1899, to the wife
of Joseph Sampson, a son.
SCHINKEL— In this city, May 12, 1599. to the
Wife of Otto Schlnkel Jr., a daughter.
WARD- In this city. May 20, 1899, to the wife
of F. E. Ward, a son.
WALTHOUR— In this city. May 18. 1599, to the
wife of Frank .1. Walthour; a son.
WEST— this city, May 17, is'. I ., to the wife
of John P. West, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BAILEY— WINGARD— In this city. May 26,
1899, by the Rev. A. .T. Wells. Hollls M.
Bailey and Grace O. Wingard, both of San
Francisco.
CHKKTHAM— KILROY— In this city. May 25,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Thomas Cheetham and Mary Kilroy, both of
San Francisco.
HOLMES— WRIGHT— In this city, May 3, 1899,
by Dr. Charles Edward -Locke, Miathijas
Holmes and Mary Wright, both of San Fran-
cisco.
McCAW— CRAwFORND- In this city, May 27,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Loclie.
Arthur McCaw of Palo Alto. Cal.. and Mal-
vina H. Crawford of San Jose, Cal.
MENTON KENNEDY— In this city. May 20,
1899 by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
John G. Menton of New York City and Cath-
erine Kennedy of San Francisco.
WINSTEDT— In this city, May 25,
1899, by the Rev. E. G. Mathena, D.1).,
Charles Minor and Freda Wlnstedt. both of
San Francisco. - ; ;•.
ROE— OBROCK— In this city. May 25, 1899, by
the Rev. W. M. Reilly of St. Paul's Church,
Joseph William Roe of England and Emma
C. Obrock of Ann Arbor, Mich.
ROWLAND— In this city. May 23. 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke, Wil-
liam Rowland and Caroline Born, both of San
Francisco.
THOMAS BINGHAM this city. May 17,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Henry E. Thomas and Dora Binzham. both
of San Francisco. ■ ■
DIED.
A rat a. Theresa Hanley, George W.
Bailey, Henry Harfst. Marie A.
Burn's, Edna K. Hayes, Frank J.
Cheyne. Robert ' Herpchfeld. Mrs.
Chlttonden, Florence Hoar. Annie E.
Conn, H. Kreutzkamm. Anna
Craft, Lizzie Lee, Mrs. Hannah E.
Craig, Catherine Lewkowltz. Jacob
Cramer. James T. Lynch. Harry
Davis, Ann B. McFarland. Thomas
Dean, Albert P. Malacarne, Catherine
Dt.'Ckelman. Frank E. "Matthiesen. Matthias
Drlefcr. Adolph D. J. Sargent, Thomas F.
Finn. Harriet Whittle, Mary
Garbarlno. Antonio Wright. Annie
GUleapie, William F.
ARATA— In this city. May 25. 1599. Theresa,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Arata, and
mother of Harry, Nicholas, Emit, Adellna and
George Arata and Mrs. E. Clancy, a native
of Italy, aged 40 years and 4 months.
BAILEY— this city. May 27, 1899. Henry
Bailey, a native of lowa, aged 41 years.
{DTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgom-
ery avenue.
BURNS— In this city. May 27. ISM. Edna X.,
dearly beloved daughter of John and Eliza-
beth A. Burns, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 18 days. . .
CHF/Y'NE— ln thin city. May 24. 1899. Robert,
dearly beloved husband of Josephine Cheyne,
a native of Scotland, aged 82 years.
t_7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr <& Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CHITTONDEN— In this city. May 27. 1899, Flor-
ence A. Chlttonden. beloved mother of Archi-
bald R. Davis and Grace Maud Chlttonden.
a native of Missouri, aged 36 years.
COHN— In this city. May 27. 1899. H. Conn, be-
loved husband of Henrietta Conn, father of
Charles. I.evl. Abe. Harry. Dave, Newton
and Alfred Conn, Mrs. S. Conn, Mrs. M.
Goody, Mrs. M. Schwartz and .' Mrs. ,B.
Fischer, and brother of S. Conn, a native of
Poland, aged 61 years.'
[7NotlO« of funeral hereafter.
CRAFT— In this city, Moy 26, 1899. Lizzie, be-
loved wife of John G. Craft, daughter of Mar-
pare* and the late Lucas Haller. ■. and sister
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Boccemore to Flanagan tt Galla__ur). .
nMJ:A), DIRECTORS AND £MBAl___B_
to Fifth st., opposite l_acol_S_M»a4«
leim-on* South M.
of M»-s. J. Grundel and Emile. Louis», Mamie
and Annie Haller, a native of Napa, Cal.
tn?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother, 240 Taylor street, thence to BL
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenuo. at a»-
Jones street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
twment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAIG— In this city. May 26, 18M, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John Craig, and
dearly beloved mother of Jennie, Henry and
Edward J. Craig, Mrs. Jamea O'Day and Mrs.
Edward McDonnell, a native of County Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged fc< years. A member
of the Third Order of St. Francis.
[CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day-
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Army street, between Folsom and
Shotwell, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 0:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy cross Cemetery.
CRAMER- in thi.- city. .May 27. 1899, James T...
beloved son of Bernard and the late Kate
Cramer, anil brother of Katie ramer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 yean 0 months
and ") days.
DAVIS— In this city, May 26. 1599, Ann Binder
I 'avis, mother of James Davis find the late
Mrs. A. Crouch, a native of Krentwood, Eng-
land, aged S9 years and 6 months.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
CMonday). at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
Mr. Thomas Crouch, corner Miguel and Ar-
lington streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
i lemetery.
DEAN— In this city. May 26, 1599. Albert Pit-
mi.n. beloved son .if Simeon and the late Clara
Dean, and brother of Mrs. Frank Finch. Miss
c.-!lna Dean and William A.. Stephen J. «M
Corbett G. Dean, a native of Newfoundland,
aged l!i years and 9 months.
ir^Friendr- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 200S Larkin street, near Broadway, in-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
DECKELMAN— At Cavlte, Manila. P. I . Au-
gust 2?, 1I»8 Frank E.. beloved son of I- . ami
A. Pecke'.man. and brother of Albert and
Richard Deckelman. late member of the Hos-
pital Corps, First Regiment. California \ 01-
-unteers, a native of Ban Francisco, ased -'-
years 10 months 1 2fi days.
tn^Friendß and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Howard
Presbyterian Church, corner Oak and Baker
streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DRIEFER-In this city. May 2.1. 1899, Adolph
P. J.. dearly beloved husband of Amalie Dne-
fer, and brother of Oscar Drlefer. a native Of
Copenhagen. Denmark, aged 40 years and 20
days. Member oil Germanla Stamm No. M.
U. O. R. M . Court Golden West No. 20, !•'
of a.: Metamora Stanun Na 4. Pocabontas
Tochter.
(T?"Friends and • acquaintances are respi I
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), ai l o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles J. It. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, thence to Masonic Temple, where the
services will be held commencing at 2 o'clock,
under the ausnices of Crockett I ■• ! ti •- No.
IS9, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
FINN -In this city, May 28, 1889, Harriet, be-
loved wife of John Finn, a native of Eng-
land, aged 44 years-.
ir^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite. l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at l o'clock, from h-r late resi-
dent. 4J4 Linden avenue. Interment Cy-
prens I.nwn Ometery. by carriage.
GARBARINO— In this city, May 26, 1899, An-
tonio Carljnrino. beloved father of Mrs. i;.
Adamina, Michael 1... John and Louis V".
Garbarlno and the late Mrs. M. Steffanazsl.
a native of Italy, aged 75 years 7 months and
26 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at l o'clock, from his late resi-
dence .■■■.'• Green Btreet, thence to St. Peter
and Paul's Church, corner of Filbert an.! Du-
pont streets, for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GILLESPIE [n Honolulu, H I , May 17. 1893,
William Francis, beloved son of Ellen and the
late Michael Glllesple. and brother of Mrs.
M F. Murphy of Oregon City, Or., Mis. J.
McCarthy, Joseph Glllespie and Little and
George Murray, a native of San Francisco,
aped 24 years.
HANI.KV- In this city, May 26, 189 ft, George
W beloved husband of Mary Hanley, and
father of David. Leonard, George and May
Hanley. Mrs. Emma Niblock and Mrs. Char-
lotte (Cummer, a native oi New Hampshire,
aged 7! > I ars 1 ninnth and 21 ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this da]
(Sunday) at -.■'" o'clock, from ins late resi-
dence, 3261 Folsom street. Interment Masonic
< temetery.
HARPST- In Oakland, May 26, 1899, Marie A..
beloved wife of. Hermann Harfst, and sister
of William Mueller, a native of Baden. Ger-
many. aK»-d ;■. /ears i months and in days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances art- respect-
fully invited t.i attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) it 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Kv.rs vC Washington street, oak-
land Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HAVES l:i the City and County Hospital,
May 27, 1899, Frank Joseph Hayes, a native of
New York, aged 47 yean.
HERSCHFELD ta Los Angeles, May 86, 1899,
Mrs. Herschfeld, nftother of Mrs. S. B
and Herman, Manns. Lesser and David
Herschfeld, a native of Germany.
\ryT\u- funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday) al 2:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking narlora "f McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy
stn-.-t Intermeni Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
bj ;:,i o'clock train trom Third and Town-
send streets.
HOAR— In this city. May 27. 1899, Annie E.,
beloved wife of the late Thomas D, Hoar,
and mother of Thomas D. Hoar .Jr., a native
, : Derby, England, aged 4.'. •
q ■ Remain* at the parlors oi \alente. Ma-
rlnl A Co., 1524 Stockton Btreet.
KREUTZKAMM In this city, May 27, 1899,
Anna, beloved wife of William Kreutzkamm,
B native of Germany, aged 26 years and S
months.
IPTFrI.-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th<- funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at I o'clock, trom the parlors of
Charles J. !'•• Metzler, 636 Washington Btreet.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
L^EE -In Manilla. May :''l. Is': 1 , at the home
of her daughter, Mrs. K. 1-. c r oz«>r. 1425 High
Btreet Mrs. Hannah E. Lee, widow of th"
late William S. Lee, for a long time resid-
ing on Baj Farm island, a native of New
Y«Tk a^ed sg yean i months and •; class.
(Newbuigb and Orange County t New fork,
papers please copy.)
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Sunday) at 12 o'clock, from the Free MeUlO-
dist Church, Pine street. Interment private.
LEWKOWITZ-In this city. May 25. 1899, Jacob
Lewkowitx, beloved brother of Joseph, Isl-
dOT and Abraham Lewkowltz, a native of
Kempen, Prussia, aged 65 years.
(pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clm-k. fr.m S'nal H'rltli
Hall IB Eddy .street. Members of Pacific
].. ilrp No. 48, I. O. B. 8.. are invited to at-
tend.
LYNCH— In this city. May 27. ISM. Harry, be-
loved son of D. F. and Elisabeth Lynch, a
native .if San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and 7 days.
M< FAKLAND— In San Mateo, May 26. 1599.
Thomas Alonao McFariand, a native of
Maine, a«ed 73 years and 6 months.
MALACARNE— In this city. May 27, 1899, Cath-
erine Genevieve. dearly beloved child of Mag-
gie and Lawrence Mala arne, and niece of
Mrs. K. Hart, aged :i years i months and 6
day.-.
MATTHIESEN— In this city. May 26. 1S!I9.
Matthias, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garethe Matthiesen. father of Andreas, Herr-
man and Dora Matthiesen, and brother of
Hans Matthiesen of Livermore and Mrs. Peter
Wrage of San Jose, a native of Husem. Schles-
Wlg-Holsteln, Germany, aged 50 years and 22
days.
(Ev^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Tnton-square
Hall. 42i Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
mania Club. Remains at the parlors of II F.
Suhr <Sr CO., l- l)r| Mission street, near EiKhth.
Interment I. O. O. X Cemetery.
SARGENT— In Manila. Philippine Islands. Au-
gust 17, 1898, Thomas F.. beloved son of the
late Mary A. Sargent, brother of William T.
Sargent, and nephew of Ellen and Katie E.
I>?ary. a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 1 month and 4 days.
|£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(.Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 12.'i."> Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patricks
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celeorated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WHITTLE— In this city, May 27, 1599. Mary,
beloved wife of James Whittle.- and mother of
Kate and Edward Whittle, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged M years.
WRIGHT— In this city. May 26, IXO9, Annie,
beloved wife of the late Hobert F. Wright,
and mother of Mrs. Peter Callahan. Mrs,
James Early, Mrs. James Hogan and Katie
and John W. Wright, a native of County
Gulway, Ireland, aped >>."> years.
ICJ-Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt«M to attend the funeral this iluy
(Sunday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 21S Moulton street, between Lombard
and Greenwich, off Fillmore, thence to St.
Hrlffld's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem higli mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at !) o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— The annual requiem mass for the re-
pose of the souls of the deceased members of
Mission Council No. 3, Young Men's Insti-
tute, will !»■ celebrated at St. Paul's Church,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, Tuesday,
May »j. p.t 8 o'clock. Members and friends
of the Institute are respectfully invited to be
present. D. J. O'LEARY, President.
P. J. MQYNIHAN. Secretary.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
llurli Logan to Elisabeth Hammersmith. lot
an S line of Clay .street, 169:.? W of Larkln, W
52:4% by S 127:81*, quitclaim deed: $10.
Same to same, lot on S line o( Clay street.
169:3 W of Larkin. \V K2:4, S 127:SU, E 24:10. N
:i:2' t- X ;:?:«, N 127:1',; $10.
Mary E. Martin fwlfe of A. J.) to Calvin E.
Knickerbocker, lot on E line of Hroderiek
street. 110 Sof Oak. S L'T : « by X 100; $10.
Minnie T>. anil Peter R Ageton to Callle K.
Druimnonii. undivided Vi of undivided \- of lot
on E line of First (Julian) avenue. 215 S of Fif
teenth street, S 30 by E S4, quitclaim deed; Jl.
Alexander S. and Margaret Cook to Margaret
T. Ziegler, lot on S line of Liberty street. 20. :o
\V of Guerrero, W 25 by S 114; $10.
William 11. and Kate M. McLaughlin (by
S. C. Bigelow and A. A. Smith, trustees) to
Savinsrs and Loan Society, 1575 d 277, lot on
SW corner of Twenty-sixth and Castro streets.
W 50:10 by S 114. trustees" deed; $1641.
Louis Levy (by S. C. Bigelow and A. A.
Smith, trustees) to same, 1575 d 28, lot on h.
line of Diamond street, 235 N of Twenty-sec
ond street. N 2* by E 125. trustees' deed; *40>i.
Henry D. and James L. Hawks to * rlederlch
May. lot on line commencing 60 o f r< ? w fJ
street and 137:6 S of Clay, W 71:6 by N 19; JloOO.
Joseph W. and Ellen Taylor to W. H. Hollis
lot on SW corner of Sixteenth (Center) and
Carolina streets. W 200 by S 2<>3:7; $10
William H Mabel and Sarah E. Hollis to
J. A Marsh, lot on SW corner of Carolina and
Sixteenth (Center) streets. S 203:7 by W 200;
also lot on W line of Pennsylvania street. 100
X of Army (Colusa). N 50 by W 100; also lot
on XW corner of Army and Indiana streets
W 100 by N 50; also lot on NE corner of Arms
and Indiana streets, N 50 by E 100; $10.
Estate of William Hollis (by barah E Hollis,,
executrix) to same, same, excepting tost de
scribed as lot on SW corner of Sixteenth and
Carolina streets W 200 by S 203; $6600.
W mkni and C. T. Nicol to Martin Mathieu.
lot 5, block 9, Sunnyvale Homestead Associa-
U mtSe of John Moholy (by Clara Mnholy.
administratrix) to James B. McMurray. lot on
X corner of Thirteenth avenue and N street
SE 50 by NE 100, lots 16 and 17, block 24!>,
O'Neill & H. Tract; $«55.
Clara Moboly to same, same; $10.
James B. McMurray to John W. Rose, same;
Jhillian F. Cannon to Jane Cannon, lots 6 to
B, block A, subdivision of block lit, West bna
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to San Francisco and San Mateo Electric
Railway Company, lot on E line of tract con
veyed by Castro Street Land Company to Lien
Pa"rk Company, being distant N 25 degrees -
minutes E 17 from XW corner of Mission ana
Thirtieth Street Extension Homestead L nion.
S 66 degrees 4!< minutes E 4SS.SS, S S2 degrees
56 minutes E 200; grant.
M. A. Meier to John O'Connor, lot on_ B
corner of Fifteenth avenue and L street. BE 50
by XE 100, block 2SS, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; grant.
J. R. Howell to John A. Hack, lot on W line
of Croton street, I>W .\* of Wilder, N 25 by W
77:9%, lot 4, block 1, Fairmount Extension;
$500.
Michael Cooper to Roman Catholic Arch
bishop of San Francisco (a corporation sole),
lot .on N line of Broad street, 420 E of Plym
outh. E 25 by X 125. block X, Railroad Home
stead Association; $450.
Alameda County.
Herbert H. Fisher (by attorney and Ida M.
Fishier) to C. A. Stevens, lot on X line of
Park avenue, 2411 :« Wof San Pablo. X 125 by
W 26:6, block 25, in plat li. Rancho V. and D.
Peralta, Oakland Township; $10.
I avid S. and Eva M. Stanley to Ellen M.
Atkins lot "n W lint' of St. Charles or Eleventh
street, 22S 8 of Railroad avenue, S 50 by W
17:!. 2. bfing lot 52, Enclnal I'ark Tract, Ala
meda; $n>.
Henry J. Hunter to Hannah E. Hunter, lot on
W line of Lafayette street, 107:6 9 of Railroad
avenue. S 25 by W 10S, being a portion of
Stewart Tract. Alameda; gift.
Same to same, loi on B line of Chestnut
strei t 100 sof Railroad avenue, 8 58:9 by B 160,
being a portion of lots IS, 17 and 18, block 6,
hmds adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; gift.
Joseph K. Xuttinsr to Harriet R Xutting
(wife of .J"feiih E.I. undivided half interest in
and to all real estate in the county of Ala
meda and in Sun Francisco (no real property
mentioned); gift.
Jorgeo P. and Annie Engeiund to Home
Building Company (a corporation), lot on E line
.if Klrkham street, 17.". N of Bixteenth, N 25 by
!•: UO. being loi 6, block 601, Oakland; $10.
Andy L. Stone to John C. and Edward Cole
man, lot on W lint- of Broadway. 75 N of
Second street, N 50 by W 7.",, being lots IS and
19, block !'.'. Oakland; sin.
Rose .Smith to Rone Cherry, Robert, Lottie,
Agnes, Annie, Mary, Walter and Henry Smith.
lot on SW corner of <'ampbfll and Thirteenth
streets. W 116 by S SO, lot 4. block i. in plat
..i" Tract 383; also lot on W line of Lusk street,
r.n x of Rose Garland way ior Bvoy avenue),
N 30 by W 141, b-ing lot 35, Map of White
House Plat, Oakland; gift.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees
Jane Newton) to San Francisco Savings Union,
557 'I 81, lot It. Mock E, Peralta Height*, trus
tee'a <Wd, East Oakland; $500.
S;,n Franc J sco Savings I'nlon to D. R. Mr-
Pherson, the X one-half of lot 14, block E,
same, East Oakland: $10.
M luntaln View Cemetery Association to "Wil
liam P.. Heywood, the S one-half of lot 4, in
plat '.'!'. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township; $88,
Some to Samuel Heywood, the X one-half of
loi t. Bame, Oakland Township; $SB.
M. and Catherine A, McCann to s. a. Michel
son, lots 11 and 12, block B, Paradise Park,
Berkeley, quitclaim • 1 » -*'.i ; $7."..
John J. anu Roberta J. Henderson to W. J.
Mortimer, lot on s line of Hilgard avenue, 13
\v f Scenic avenue, W 50 bj S 125, belnx lot
8. block 4. niati of I>aley Scenic lark Tract,
Berk ley; HO.
John and Frances Baxter to Granite Mutual
Building and Loan Association, lot on W line
of Grand street, 175 X of Eagle avenue, N 25
by W 108, block 55, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda; $10.
Mary Nlelson (executrix estate Herman Xlel
son) to Charles Filer, lot ::. Nielson Tract,
Map .', in Sot*. Rancho, Eden Township; $1843.
» o »
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, May 27, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.01 33.05 33.01
Red Bluff 0.00 80.42 14.73
Sacramento 0.00 14.10 10.23
San Francisco 0.00 16.10 9.16
Fresno , x 0.00 7.03 4.9:.
San Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 7.14
Los Angeles ..., 0.00 4.95 7.06
San Diego 0.00 4.96 4.97
Turn.'i 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58; minimum, 4S; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is beginning to rise over West
ern Washington and Vancouver. There has
been but little change over the southern half
of the Pacific" Coast.
The temperature has risen slowly over Cali
fornia and Nevada. It has fallen over Utah.
Throughout California the temperatures are
still from four to six degrees below the normal.
A thunderstorm is reported from Salt Lake
City.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight. May 28, 1539:
Northern California Sunday: northerly
winds in the Interior; westerly winds on the
coast.
Southern CalifoVnla— Fair Sunday; light
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday. .-
Utah— Fair Sunday: warmer.
Arizona — Fair Sunday.
For San ■ Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sun
day, with fog in the morning: fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER McADIE, "
Forecast Official.
LATE CHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. |
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 27.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croseup. S5 hours from Ta
-01 MM
Stmr N"rth Fork. Bash. 23 hours from Eu
reka.
SAILED.
Saturday, May 27.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, Eureka.
Stmr Albion. Erickson, whaling, via St Mich
ael.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
l'.ktn Leslie D. Brown, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bessie X, Benson, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOROS. May 27, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west: velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May 27— Schr
Mary Etta, fi.r un Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed May 27— Schr Golden
(i;it.' t for San Francisco.
KENAX— Sailed May 16— Bark J D Peters, for
San Francisco.
NKAH BAY— Passed May 27— Bark Fresno, fin
Port Lvdlow, for San Francisco; tug Richard
Holyoke, lience May 24, for Port Townsend.
TACOMA — Sailed May 27 — Ship Dashing
Wave, for Port Los Angeles.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 27— Schr Beulah. for
S:m Francisco.
I' HNT II RYES— Passed May 26. 10 a m— Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Port Los Angeles, for
Nanalmo.
CMOS HAY— Arrived May 27-Str,ir Arcata.
hence May 2. r .; stmr Alice Blanchard, hence May
24; schr Daisy Rowe. hence May 16; schr Twi
light, hence May IS; bktn Chehalls, from
Shanghai.
Sailed May 27— Sohrs Gotama and Seyen Sis
ters, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed. May 27-Schr Spo
kane, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed May 27— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for Kan Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 27— Schr John A. for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 27— Stmrs City of To
peka and Excelsior; from Alaska.
Sailed May 27 — Stmr Laurada. for Alaska.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 27— Stmr
Farallon, from Alaska.
EASTERN PORT.
\Kff YORK-Sailed May 26— Ship Alexander
Gibson, for Baltimore.
FOREIGN PORT.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived May 27 — Jap stmr
America Maru, hence May 6.
TRANSATLANTIC ! STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived previously May 27—
Stmr Coptic, frnm San Francisco, etc.
ltßlSßAN'E— Arrived May 27— Stmr Aorangi
fruiTi Vancouver, etc.
Sailed May 26— Stmr Warrlmoo, for Vaneou-
NAGASAKI— SaiIed May 22— Stmr Aker. for
Portland.
BOSTON— Arrived May 27— Stmr Pavonia. fm
Liverpool; stmr New England, from London
NEW YORK— Sailed May 27— Stmr Umbria,
for Liverpool; sfnir ManltOQ, for London; stmr
Ma.-'sdaaiii. for Rotterdam, etc; stmr Aller, for
Genoa, etc; stmr Ethiopia, for Glasgow; stmr
ThlnKvalla, tor Copenhagen, etc.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 27— Stmr America
Ma.ru, from San Francisco.
WILL CELEBRATE
THE BIRTH Of
TOM MOORE
Balfe-Moore Club to
Honor the Poet.
INVITATIONS ARE IN DEMAND
RABBI VOORSANGER WILL DE
LIVER AN ADDRESS.
The Exercises Will Be Held To-Mor
row at Metropolitan Temple
and Are Expected to
Be Interesting.
The one hundred and nineteenth anni
versary of the birth of the Irish poet,
Thomas Moore, will be celebrated at Met
ropolitan Temple to-morrow evening by
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger.
the Balfe-Moore Club. Last year the
club did not celebrate the day because
the war with Spain engaged the attention
of all patriotic citizens, but this year the
celebration will be an especially note
worthy one.
An interesting programme has been pre
pared, the chief feature of which will be
an address by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger on
"Thomas Moore as an Irish Nationalist.
This is interesting from the fact that the
grandest writings of- Moore are his ' He
brew Melodies." Miss Ina Coolbrith will
read an original poem written expressly
for the Balfe-Moore Club by the gifted
authoress, entitled "Thomas Moore.
The invitations are being eagerly sought
after and a large and select audience
will be present to do honor to the memory
of the illustrious poet. Following is the
programme in detail:
Organ selections, Irish melodies, Ito Man'
ftn: introductory remarks. Bg|gg
Hannerman. president; s.^mnn jolo, I
Meeting of the Waters" (Moore), Miss Anna
P ',"" bass bolo ■■". Where's the Slave So
i ,v\ ■ (Moore) George V. Wood; poem,
Thomas Moore" (written for the Balfe-Moore
Club), by Miss tna Coolbrlth; violin solos.
Irish airs, Benedict Smith; vocal quartet. I
Saw From the Beach" < Moore), specially ar
ranged for the Balfe-Moore Clubby Rev. A.
ColteUl S .1 . Miss A. Kooney, Miss E. \. He-
Ooskey Rhys Thomas G. V. Wood; address,
"Thomas Mo*ore As an Irish Nattonallst"R«v
l, Voorsanger; contralto solo. *Oh - Breathe
Not His Name" (Moore), Miss Ella V.
McCloskey: reading (a) Remember the
Glories of Brian the Brave, b) \\e 'May
Roam Thro This World." (C) "Oh the M am
rook" (Moore) C. B. Newton: tenor solo Be
lieve Me If All Those I Kndearln* Young
Charms^ (Moore). Rhys Thomas: cornet solo.
"The HarV. That Once Thro" Tare's Halls
(Moore). Louie Franchi : soprano solo Tho
the I,a«t Glimpse of Erin (Moore). Miss IJaiSJ
Keane vocal quartet. "The Ptar-span g led Ban
ner-Miss Rooney, Miss McCloskey, Rhys
Thomas. G. V. Wood; musical director. Sydney
Homecraft. ..
The officers of the Balfe-Moore Club
are:
President, Thomas R. Bannerman, vice presi
dent ' John P. Henry: secretary, James A-
Haran- treasurer. Thomas P. Crowley; execu
tive committee— James R. Kelly, W. A. vDer
ham D. J. Costello. John J. Barratt. Hon.
James D. Phelan. the Rev. D. p. Crowley.
Jeremiah Mahoney, the Rev. P. J. Cummins.
Dr Robert E. O'Connell, Hon. J. F. Sullivan,
Philip Bolder. Dr. K. O. Steers C. Elsenschi
mel James J. Gildea, Eugene McCoy, Captain
p F. Dunne Dr. J. J. Gallagher. John P. Dlg
nan.' Captain H. J. Meagher, George -A. Rice,
]- A 1' O'Brien William Swanton, Frank T.
Shea, ' Colonel Thomas F. Barry. John J
O'Toole A. T. Connelly, Eustace Cullinan and
George A. Connolly. |
ENCINALS ENTERTAIN
Alameda Yachtsmen Open the Season
With a Vaudeville Performance
and a Dance.
Last night the Enoinal Yacht Club
opened the season with a vaudeville enter
tainment and dance in its home at Ala
meda. Dr. C. L. Tisdale in his introduc
tory remarks referred to tho loss by fire
of the annex and bowling alleys, whie})
have now been rebuilt.
The entertainment began with an amus
ing pantomime scene by Joseph Rosbor
ough. representing a Lady dressing and
then a man performing a hurried toilet.
Evidently tho ladles thought the per
formance realistic, for their applause was
generous. Charles Reynolds, prestidigita
teur, showed some clever conjuring tricks,
and James Nounan followed with solus
on the guitar. Mert Ireland, as Miss Hui
tense. newly arrived from Paris, gave a
clever character monologue and told aev
eral funny stories. \Y. J. Hynes kept the
audience laughing with some well told
tales and sang a song, the refrain of
which was "There'll be a hot time in the
old town on the day when Dewey comes
borne." By special request and for the
positively last time ho favored his au<li
ence with his well-known laughing song.
This concluded the entertainment, after
which the floor was cleared and dancing
was enjoyed to the music of Hynes' or
chestra.
All the yacht clubs on the bay are now
open for the season, the opening of the
Encinals having been delayed until ' the
completion of the reconstruction of the
annex.
Garfield Relief Corps
Last Thursday night the following
named members of James A. Garn>ld Re
lief Corps— Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Schneider,
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Mariekamp. Mes
dames Caroline Dibblee, M. A. Oakshette,
Dora Wilkins. M. J. Jones. M. A ]b - ;£ His,
G. Garibaldi, M. J. Sonders, M. A. O «»en.
Nellie A. Hendrickson, N. Simon. Esther
Dunn. Tina McGowan and Mary Horn.
Miss Garibaldi and Messrs. Robert Ralph
and N. Simon-paid a surprise to
Mrs. E. Sattler-Simon. one of the active
members of the corps and a very -pleasant
evening was spent. There was a short
programme of music and song and ad
dresses. . .. ■■ •
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE THOMSON
111 HARD LUCK
ONCE MORE
Almost Destroyed by
Fire Last Night.
BURNED OVER THREE HOURS
LOST HER PROPELLER ON THE
LAST TRIP* TO PORT.
Fire Originated Somewhere in tha
Vicinity of the Engine Room.
Full Extent of the Dam
age Ib Not Known.
The "cherub which perches aloft and
watches out for poor Jack" seems to have
deserted the steamship Klihu Thomson.
On her last trip to this port the vessel
lost her propeller, and after having been
carried hither and thither by adverse
winds and currents was finally brought
into port by Captain Whitney, who
crowded canvas on every available pro
jection, even to the smokestack. Captain
Whitney was rewarded handsomely for
his grit. On Friday night last the vessel
again narrowly escaped total destruction,
not by water, but by fire.
When she came into port a Tow clays
ago she tied up at Howard-strest wharf
and discharged her cargo. Since fhen she
has been undergoing a complete overhaul
ing. Last night the watchman aboard
her smelled smoke, and Investigation
showed him that there was a blind lire :a
the vicinity of the engine-room. He noti
fied Officers McGrath and Whipple. wni
turned in a still alarm, bringing the lire
' uig Governor Markham and an en;;'.r ■; t i
1 the scene. A half hour's work Bhowed
that the Maze was still gaining heaawa.y
and an alarm was turned in at 9:30 Crota
hux SS. The firemen found it almost im
possible to get the fire under control.
There is little room to work aboard snl)>,
and the taster the water was pourvi in
the faster the smoke seemed to arse,
bi ating the firemen back and almost ariv-
Ing them ashore. At about 10 o'clock the
vessel began to list to starboard from the
weight of the water and extra lines wet a
thrown out. " , ,
The fire started amidships and workta
its way forward to the wheelhouso. At
about 12 o'clock it was finally under
control, but not until thousands of dollars
damage had been done. The cause of the
fire is unknown and it will be some day 3
before an accurate estimate of the dam
can be made.
GATHERING OF THE CLAjffS.
Preparations All Made for the Cale
donian Club's Games Next
Tuesday.
The thirty-third annual gathering and
games of the Caledonian Club to be held
at Shell Mound Park next Tuesday prom
ise to be the most successful in the history
of the club. There are forty events on
the programme, which will display the
wonderful strength and agility of the con
testants. Competitors will be present
from all points on the Pacific Coast and
I from the Bast, and as a liberal sum has
i been provided for the entertainment of tne
| guests of the club nothing Is lacking for
a highly successful gathering.
The games committee this year has
worked harder to make the gathering cx
i eel its predecessors, and If its expectations
! are realized it will be more than satisfied.
The committee consists of Angus Mc-
Leod, A. M. Macpherson, F. F. Finlay.
Andrew McNair, J. W. Cameron. Dr J.
A. J. McDonald. John Reid, George Da
vidson, C. A. McPhee. William Mitchell,
D. H. Finnic John A. McDonald, J. J.
Cameron. James Gorrie. J. H
John A. BfcLeod and Daniel A. McDonald.
The games will start at 10 o clock a. m.
and conclude at 6 p. m.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J I. Tucker Sacto M Shaußhnessy, Cal
J Anderson N v T Shaughnesay, Cal
n a u,r->r« Cal s L Reardslee. • Cal
V"\ ■'-.l n! eld OH Bradt Ohio .
t t> T.ui.l Sac Miss >' May. Cal .
T H Galev Pa X A Treble. Cal
J,, McGllvray. Cal C M Hart. Sacto
E Howard, Oakland C O Cushman, Chicago
s E Reamer, Oaklnd H C Petray • w, Cal
ir Moore Fresno R Hempstead, Tex
Mrs 1-'J Connolly, Mrs s R Cornell, N T
Seattle JJra 3 s Cox. Pa
E J Craig, Skapuay Miss Smith. Pa
i- Howard Denver T H Hubbard &w. Cal
It McCormick, Victoria E C Louis, S 8 O
C J Ellis A «'. Seattle -\T H Doane. N,v
H Cochran, B C EC Ross, N V
s E Arnold. Chicago C.l Holcombe, Cal
E Geome, Rossland C L Merrlanj. Cal
C L Wilson, Chicago T s Riness, Presidio
J .1 McCormick. Cal Mr C B Reed, Cal
F Mattison. Cal E E.Haskell, USA
R Lidin, Mcx R W Matthews, Cal
A Cottrell, Cal R M Jackson, London
A E Hyde & \v. Utah ,1 Baber Aw, Cal
i: II Quimby. Mo J F Devendorf, Cal
C I. Brown. Cal Miss T Evans, Ont
H Plettner & w. Cal C Osborn, Cal .
j \V Forgens, Cal !
FALACE HOTEI*
: |{ Linden. Mexico Mrs Spouldlng, Farsro
C B Davis, Chgo R E Jack, S I, Ohlsno
M 1! Buford, N V B W Mayer X y
1! Bloaoeven, NT iR D Stephens. Sacto
\V BuUer. St Paul .1 m Walker Chico
E V Murphy. DC .1 L Shortall, ChRO
Mrs E V Murphy. D C Mrs BhortaUC Ciiko
HIM Murpliy. DC HE Hinock Chgo
C P Cutter. Stanford ,c X Rcmniell USD
I p Green, Stanford s, M Strite v s x
W H Savage, L, Ang ]R k Pierce. S h<*e
S N Rocker. San Jose A H Coha, S Jose
J A Chanslor. L Ang Mrs F May. S Jose
BO Miller, Visalia a H Waggoner Pa
Mis MUHer, Visalhi X Rosenthal i''htr.>
U J Welllnßton N V R S Sladln. Stantert
M Greenu-Dod. N V S Roblns.m Btanford
Q W Hazen. Seattle Miss H Jacobs Sacto
B F Bpauiaing, Fargo \y c Qefber Saeto
x:;\V WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Hamlln, Sn Diego J C O'Day Los \.ne
A Rossi. Stockton j Bergman, Valleio
A A Gharlee A w. Cal \v A Btraub, Stockton
H II Evans, CaJ H v Sgiith Vuiiejo
W Malison, Sutter Crk P Roger* N>w York
c Tann.i. Lo ndon y ■ „ M ,, rrpll rhu , a
Miss shore, Sao Jose w t Vocelsans m
C D Henry, Calistoga n Bchr, Fresno
O Llndquist, Sfadera .i Hayden Sacto
,\V Mcßride, Spokaos m \v Phillipai, >; s WLI REQUIRING
, FENDERS WAS j
Little Mace Might
Have Been Saved.
HEAVY PENALTY FIXED
ORDINANCE IGNORED BY THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ALSO.
Hay-wards Line Liable to a Fine of
Five Hundred Dollars Per Day
for the Past Four
Years.
and Office San Francisco Call,
Broadwaj . May 27
killing of little Corlis Mace by a
' ectric < ir last evening might
been avoided. A week ago
met with the Street
mittee and ed with them the
the Haywarda electric road and
em Pacific street railroad had
not compile,! with tl nance requtr
■• nder d< v Ices to be affixed
. ■ ■
Should the ordinance requiring these de
vices be valid, and it is said there is no
doubt as to its validity, the negligent
companies are liable to fines amounting
to immense sums. The ordinance was
passed ally February 23, 1894. It pro
vides that within thirty days after its
passage each company holding franchises
from the city of Oakland shall attach to
its cars a fender device of a practical
nature, standing not more than one and
a half inches above the rails and so con
structed as to prevent any person from
corning in contact with the wheels.
Within ten days after this period a de
scription of the particular device must
be filed with the City Council, and if ap- .'.
proved by that body ninety days are al
lowed in which to attach the accepted de
vice to every car owned by the company.
Under this ordinance by July i, 1894,
every street car running through Oak
land should have a life-saving fender at
tached to it. ....
The only company that complied with
the ordinance was the Piedmont road.
It equipped its cars with the Clark fen
der, which has been approved by officials
on both sides of the bay. The Piedmont
Company filed its notice with the Coun
cil, and later when the syndicate ob
tained control of the Grove street. Cen
tral avenue. Alameda. East Oakland and
Sixteenth streft lines all its cars were
♦ : with the approved Clark fender.
\ On several occasions this fender has
saved lives in this city. ■ *
The Haywards electric road and the
ADVERT! SEMENT3.
nm m Xi "^ J&fL Jw| v W
JSVSDAY, May 28. New prices Thursday^
A Tuesday being a legal A
* holiday, these prices are
f good until Thursday, f
A when a new list icill be A
\ issued.
$ Good food was never so
j>low as it is at our eight
■ stores. i
Economy and prosperity
go hand-in-hand.
a Good quality, always.
y I* Lamp Chimneys 4c
» a Flint glass. Largest size.
iMason Fruit Jars doz
\ With Boyd's Porcelain Ore
A tops and good rubbers. X Lb *J*si-
\ Don't Buy Aluminum Pro d^r
A) tops— they are failures x LS> 1-/ C
iCream of Maize lb 5c
\ A dainty Breakfast dish
ff Usually 3 lb 25c.
$ 1 -minute Tapioca., pkg 8c
A Whitman's— goes twice as far as
V ordinary. No soaking required.
r*Bromangelon .... pkg 10c
A) 2 minute jelly. A dainty dessert.
T Orange, lemon, raspberry,
A strawberry, etc.
A Prese rved Ginger 25 'c {
i Regular 35c to 50c pot. i
Vulcan Parlor Matches.. 4c
T Genuine Swedish. t
([Pilot Bread 8 lb 25cf
A A. B. C— Langley's New Orleans f
Factory.
f Chili Sauce... hot 15 c\
A) Millar & Co 's best. Quart size. A
r Original Spanish formula. \
f EIGHT SAVING STORES! f
A 755 Market St. 8. T. . 1311 Polk St. 8 T A
" 10«0 Washington. Oak Shattuck At, Berkeley \
A Svh * Wathlngton. " Central At, Alamed*
F E l^h 4 13th At. " 7tb i Wood. Oak f
Chocolal^
PESHESnBgST.I
two lines of the Southern Pacific have i
paid no attention to the ordinance, whicn
provides a penalty of $500 for each day
that it is disobeyed after the time on
which the fenders should be attached to
the ears. These roads still use a pice of
solid board in front of the trucks, com
ing to a point in the midle. and the
lower edge of which is from six inches to
a foot above the top of the rails. It was
BUch a tender that was attached to the
car that yesterday killed little Mace, and
the burned condition of his body is posi
tive proof that h* came in contact with
the wheels, in addition to being struck
by the board.
The inquest on the death nf Corlis
Mace, killed by the Hayward fenderless
car yesterday, was opened to-night, but
owing to the indisposition of Motorman
Tl. W. MeLane was postponed until next
Monday night.
BERKELEY MAY NOT
HAVE A PRESIDENT
THERE IS NO MONEY FOR HIS
SALARY.
BERKELEY, May 27.— There is every
probability that the Board of Regents of
the LJnlversitj of California will not elect
a president of the university for one and
perhaps two years. Instead of a head of
the faculty, who is also the chief execu
tive officer of the college. It is rumored
that they will resort to an expedient
which will leave vacant for some time to
come the position from which Martin I
Kellogg has recently resigned.
The reason for this sudden and impor
tant change of front on the part of the
regents is said to be due to the deplorable
state of finances which the balancing of
probable receipts and expenditures for the
i oming fiscal year reveals. If the report
el" the finance committee of the board be
correct the outlook for The university in i
a financial way is certainly cause for
alarm. Not only must all the departments I
be run upon the strictest basis of econ
omy but as things stand now the exepcted ;
deficit will result in the dropping cf sev
eral members of the instructing force and
a general retrenchment of salaries.
According to the figures from which the i
board is now estima tin.a: there will be a !
shortage after the next twelve months of
about $50,000. The smallest estimate is
$47,000. Of this amount about $25
counted as additional expense involved by
new buildings and increased attendance,
and about $22,000 for a falling off in annual
receipts. As the president's salary is to
be $10 .'W per annum. a clear saving of this
sum would be quite a consideration to
those who face with anxiety the impend
ing deficit. It is understood that the in
tended plan of the regents in deferring
indefinitely the election of President Kel
loffg's successor comes from a desire to
save the item of that officer's salary from
the expected deficieny.
In place of a president it is said that
the regents expect to resort to the expedi
ent of a governing board. This is to be
composed of one or two members of the
regent body and two or three membi
the faculty. The chairman of the
will be the acting executive official of the
university, with power to sign all neces
sary documents and papers. The name?
of the professors who may act in this ca
pacity have not yet been mentioned.
ITALIAN OPERA AT
CALIFORNIA THEATER
Lombardi Company to Open There
With Special Attractions on
June 5.
On Monday evening. June 6, the cele
i brated Lombardi Grand Italian Opera
Company will open at the California!
Theater. This company hails from Milan :
ar.d numbers among its members some
: very famous singers. For the past two
; months they have been in Mexico and are i
new singing in Los Angeles.
There are sixty-eight artists in the or
ganization. A full chorus and on:
will accompany the porfornu-rs. Complete
i i ; ■ ••!■ s, scenery, costumes, armors and
accoutermenta will ho brought also. The
been made by S. H. Fried
lander.
The principals include: Dramatic so
.-— Signorina Riaraca Barducci, Sig
norina Adalgisa Rossi; lyric sopranos—Sig
i norina Amelia Sostegini. Signorina Italia
V. Repetto, Signorina Ernestina Überto, j
; Signorina Gilda Marquetti ; mezzo-sopranos j
' — Sigrorinas Zelma Poletini. Klisa Nerozzi
i and P.eatrice Franco: contraltos— Signorina
; Ana Demanius, Signorina Ernesta Camar
: rano; dramatic tenors— Signor Fernando j
I Avedano and Signor Juan Badarraco; {
lyric lenors— Signor Domingo Russo, Sig
' nor Ricado Petrovich. Signor Vincenso |
■ Fornari, Signor Carlos Fantinati; dra
\ matic barytones— Signor Jose Ferrari, ;
i Signor Gaudenzio Salassa, Signor Svga- i
; melli; lyric barytone— Signor Carlos Viz
zardelli: bassos— Signor Baldo Travaglinl,
r Luis Bergami. Signor J. Pasott!,
Signcrr I'berto. The director of the or- ,
chestra is. Cavalier I'go Barducci, and the
master of the chorus Signor Francisco
Murino. There are said to be thirty pro- ;
fc.-fors in the orchestra. With his usual i
determination to play at popular prices,
■ Mr. Friedlander has decided that this
opera company shall play for less money ,
than any other organization of its kind or
strength that has ever been here. The;
repertoire for the first week will be as
follows :
Monday, "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "I
Pagliacci."
Tuesday, "Lucia di Lammermoor."
Wednesday, "Ernani."
Thursday— "Manon Lescaut."
Friday. "Rigoletto."
Saturday matinee, "Lucia di Lammer
moor."
Saturday, "II Trovatore."
The sale of reserved seats commences
on Thursday morning next at the box i
office of the California Theater.
ELECT THEIR NEW OFFICERS.
Merchants' Association Enters Upon
Another Year of Usefulness.
The first meeting of the new hoard of
directors of the Merchants' Association
was held yesterday and the following
directors were present: A. S. Baldwin,
Charles Bundschu, Andrew M. Davis, F.
\V. Dohrmann, Joseph D. Grant, Hugo
D. Keil, Hugo Rothschild, W. R. Sher
wood and Rolla V. Watt. Excuses for
non-Eittendance were received from Direc
tors Wallace Bradford. Marshal Hale, D.
V Kelly, K. B. Pond, John E. Quinn and
Frank J. Synimes. The board organized
by the re-election of F. W. Dohrmann as
president, and Directors A. 8. Baldwin
and Joseph D. Grant were elected v first
and second vice presidents respectively,
and Director Rolla V. Watt was re-elected
as treasurer. The work of the associa
tion being conducted upon civil service
principles, the present attaches and em
ployes of the association were continued.
The following three standing commit
tees were appointed for the ensuing year:
Public** affairs— Directors Kelly, Quinn,
Grant, Pond and Hale; publicity and pro
motion—Directors Bundschu, Keil, Brad
ford. Davis and Symmes; trade and
finance— Directors Sherwood, Rothschild,
Bradford. Watt and Davis. N'.-w raem
bers were elected as follows, making the
total membership of the association at
pr< Bent 10G4 business lirm.s: Ames &
Harris (Inc.), Ballard & Hall, D. Coffin
(. Co., David M. Fletcher, James L.
Flood William Giselman. Granucci Bros.,
Heywood Brothers & Wakefield Co., D.
W. James, John W. M.ukay, James A.
Maguire. Mohns & Kaltenhach (Inc.),
Moses Mossford, North Star Brewing
Company, Pacific Metal Work?, George
W. H. Patterson & Co.. W. M. Smith,
Steiger & Korr, K. Strauss and Uhl Bros.
At St. Ignatius To-Day.
At St. Ipnatius Church to-day the ser-
mon at the 10:30 o'clock mass will be
I preached by Rev. Fr. Burkard, S. J. The
i evening discourse, which will be deliv
j ered by Rev. Henry Woods, S. J., will be
! followed by the usual monthly exercises
preparatory to the consecration of the
twentieth century to the sacred heart of
Jesus.
A reception of members into th» La
dies' Sodality of St. Ignatius Church will
be held in the college hall in the after-
I noon at 2:30 o'clock. Members of the BO
i dality may bring lady friends to the ex
! ercises. The following programme will be
, given:
Part I— Reception— College or
chestra; office of Blessed Virgin; hymn
Ladies' Sodality Choir; reception of new
members; hymn. "Come, Holy Ghost,"
Ladles' Sodality Choir; music, college or
chestra. .
Fart 11— Crowning— Ladles' So
dality Choir; poem, by Miss Harriet Skid
more, recited by Miss Cornelia Stanley;
the crowning; hymn. Ladies' Sodality
Choir: address, by the director; music,
college orchestra.
/
THE SAN 'FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 28, 1893.
SOUGHT EAGLES'
NESTS AND MET
A! AWFUL FATE
Disappearance of W.
G. Trimble Solved.
HE DIED AT NYAK, ALASKA
HIS HAT FOUND NEAR THE TOP
OF A HIGH CLiFF.
It Us Supposed He Climbed After an
Eagle's Nest and Losing His
Grip Fell Into the Sea
and Drowned.
, Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 27.
The mysterious disappearance and sub
sequent death last May of William G.
Trimble, who formerly resided with his
father at Berkeley, has been solved, and !
the supposed manner of his demise was |
revealed this afternoon through a petition
for letters of administration on the estate
filed by his father, Joel B. Trimble.
The petition sets forth that William G.
Trimble died on May 22, 1898, at Xy.ik.
seven milrs fr^m Karluk, on the Kodiak
Islands. Alaska, and that the estate, so
far as known consists of a $200) life in
surance policy and personal property
amounting to $25.
It develops now that when young Trim
ble left his home in Berkeley in the early
part of last year he went to Alaska there I
to be employed at the fisheries of Hume j
Bros. The season not having opened
Trimble looked about for recreation and
sport, and hit upon the idea of seeking
eagles' nests. He had arranged with an
other young man at ihe fisheries to go to
Nyak on May 22 last for that purpose,
but there was some hitch and the other
man could not accompany him. so that he
was compelled to make the journey alone. I
He w< nt in one of Hume Bros.' boats and
has never been seen since.
The next day, however, men were sent |
to Bearch for him at Nyak. They were I
unable to locate him, but afterward found
Trimble's hat near the top of one of the i
cliffs, where he had evidently climbed to '
reach an eagle's nest. It is the accepted i
theory, therefore, that Trimble lost his
grip and tumbled into the waters below, j
where he was drowned in a depth of
twenty feet. There was no ether means ,
by which he could leave the island alive
than by the company's boat. The body |
has never been recovered, l>ut the facts
as narrated will be used at the hearing of
the father's petition as proof of the son's
death. _
WOODMEN'S RECEPTION.
The Head Consul, F. A. Falkenberg.
Tendered a Reception in the
Mechanics' Pavilion.
Nearly thr<--<' thousand persons accept* d
the invitation »f the Woodmen of the
World to attend the recepti.'ii given la>t
night in Mechanics' Pavilion to F. A.
Falkenberg, the bead consul of the juris
diction of the Pacific.
Mr. Falkenberg. who is a resident of
Denver, Colo., came to this city la.st
Thursday night to attend to matters con
nected with the order, and the local camps
decided to t< ntl^r him a reception and wel
come, not wishing to be outdune by the
Beveral ramps of AJameda County, which
received him last Friday night. There
was an overture by the park band, after
which Richard Fahy. head advisor, made
a few introductory remarks, and then fol
lowed vocal selections by the Woodmen's
quartet and vocal solos by Miss May F.
Code and J. H. Desmond, after which th- 3
guest of the evening was introduced, and
he spoke for three-quarters of an hour,
detailing in eloquent language what the
word "fraternity" means ami explained
how in propagation of the principles of
fraternity the \Yoo<3m£n of the World had
in the past eight years rendered assist
ance to the families of a large number of
those who in the language of the order
are known as neighbors. He told of what
the order is doing to-day and what it
proposes to do for the future, and in the
course of his remarks spoke of the bravery
and patiotism of the neighbors, who at
MRS. LAHL WAS KILLED
BY AN UNKNOWN PERSON
EARLY lnst Wednesday morninpr Mrs.
Lucy Lahl, the deserted wife of
Edward Lahl, formerly a con
ductor on the Powell-street
■ cable line, died in the home of her
; mother and stepfather. Mr. and Mrs.
: Stephen C. Glover, 1933 Mason street. An
i autopsy by Morgue Surgeon Zabala dis-
I closed the fact that the woman had died
; from a criminal operation.
The victim was 16 years and 10 months
old and had been married to her heartless
husband only ten months. Thirteen years
ago the father of the girl was killed on
the corner of Twenty-eighth and Church
streets by a man named Mullen. From
the testimony taken yesterday before
Coroner Hill It appeared that the girl had
not lived as comfortably as she should
and that her husband had abused her be
fore he went away.
Mrs. Anne Collins, grandmother of the
dead girl, told a sensational story on the
the call of the President offered their
services and went to the front.
After the close of the address, which
was received with great applause, the
committee announced that dancing was in
order, and there was a programme of
dances that continued until midnight.
THE FOURTH OF JULY.
Committee Selected by the Board of
Supervisors for This Year's
Celebration.
In accordance with a resolution of the
Board of Supervisors passed April 24, the
Supervisors sent in yesterday the names
of citizens selected by them as the com
mittee to make arrangements for the an
nual celebration on the Fourth of July.
There were 101 names altogether submit
ted, and each was notified yesterday to
attend a meeting to be held next Thurs
day night to start the arrangements for
the celebration. By unanimous consent
Mrs. R. ](. Vidaver was named as
:-• cretary. The Mayor has the privilege
of sending in names for the committee,
but he has not vet done so.
The names selected by the Supervisors
are as follow: F. W. Lc>s, Dr. James A.
Murphy, John Soebel, Howard Vernon,
Frank Pfeiffer, Captain \v. G. Leale. F.
Duggan, P. J. Walsh, G. Fletcher, J.
Mahoney. Dan O. Deasy. K. 1.. Cook. A.
B. Truman, J. I. Dock. ry. K. Davis, Fred
Raabe, J. M. Cutten. D. M. Jellison, J.
Graham, 11. Dmbsen, /. V. Dodge, George
W. Elder, F. D. Bennett. 11. S. Fisher,
W. J. Fitzgerald. L. Bendt, liiomas
Evans, Dawson Nichols, W. H. Hazel, Dr.
G. H. S. Backmann, E. P. P". Troy, F. K.
Wallace, <i li. S. Dryrien. S. S. Sween. y,
Isadore Erb, E. R. Rock. D. B. Sullivan,
D. D. MeNeill, S. W. McCarthy, W. G.
Jobson Dr < ;. K. Bushnell, W. P. Kib
ler, Dawson Mayer. L. A. Gibbons. George
S. Graham. W. J. Herrin. O. F. Westphal,
K. \V. Collins, Thomas P. Robinson. Wil
liam Sweet, diaries Boldeman, Robert
W. Dennis. Marcus Blum. C. Kenneally,
S Dannenbaum, L Bloom, I. Schwartz,
T J Lyons, E. W. Rosencranz, E. H.
Lutchenz. Major E. Lewis. Luke Battles,
S. V Costello, F. P. Plagemann, George
Heintz George Blum. William Barton,
John F. Broder, Thomas B. Eagan, E. L.
Wagner, Henry Ryan, E. C. Hughes H
F. Wagner. C. M. Fischer, A. G. Platt, W.
Harrison. T. Donavan, S. Holtz, M Hol
ling, John Carrie, James S. Debbln,
George Kingsbury. George Merrill, Dr.
Soper, R. S. Welsh, Chris Stader, Gus
Bchnee, P. S. Gray. E. Banning. Bert
Mahoney, F. French, J. A. Halpin, W.
Rosie, John Muhaven, Thomas J. Stanton,
Thomas S. O'Brien. L. S. Bramer Morris
Corridan E. Lunstead, R. H. Rusch, John
O'Brien.
MEMORIAL DAY SERVICES.
Programme of Procedure at Various
Churches.
A service appropriate to Memorial day
will be held at the First Congregational
Church this evening, and the George H.
Thomas Post, Grand Army of the Re
public, will be present. The following
musical selections will be rendered by the
choir, assisted by the Masonic (juartet
under the direction of Samuel D. Mayer,
the organist: Kipling's recessional hymn,
i "God of Our Father"; "Honor the Brave,"
! "Tenting To-Nlght," "Who Will Care for
Mother Now? I'he Old Flag Forever,"
"The Old Brigade" and "Blest Be the
Ground." Sermon by Rev. George C.
Adams, D.D., pastor.
The League of the Cross Cadets will ob
serve Memorial day by attending the an
nual requiem mass (if the society at St.
Mary's fathedral at 0 o'clock. From there
: the cadets will march to the Presidio to
, take part in the G. A. R. exercises.
Special memorial services will be held
at the A. M. E. Zion Church this evening
at 8 o'clock in honor of the heroic (!■ . da
of the colored men who fell in the late
Civil War and also the men who fell in
th" late Spanish-American war. The fol
lowing programme will be rendered:
"Praise God From Whom All Blessings
Flow": America, "My Country. 'Tis of
Thee": invocation: first Scripture lesson,
137 th Psalm: "Hold the Fort"; Becond
Scripture lesson. Acts. 26; "Glory. Glory.
Hallelujah"; prayer; "The Star-spangled
Banner"; introductory remarks by the
pastor; the address of the evening by the
. Hon. Charles M. Shortridge, State Sena
' tor of San Jos.-. Santa Clara County.
Memorial sermon at 11 a. m. by the pas-
HALL COMES TO GRIEF.
After Having a Woman Arrested He
Is Himself Thrown in Jail.
William Hall, a member of the Kansas
regiment, Friday night caused the arrest
of a young woman giving her name as
May Smith for stealing $5 from him. Ac
cording to his story he rode to the Cliff
House on a bicycle and there met the
woman. After buying a number of drinks
Hall found his purse empty and- at the
suggestion of the woman, he claims he
sold his wheel for $r>. While he was con
verslng with her the soldier declares that
the woman deftly abstracted the gold
piece from his pocket. Al't'-r niis.-ing the
money Hall Bummoncd Policeman Mylar,
who, afttr listening to his story, placed
the woman under arrest. At the City
Prison she was formally charged with
larceny.
Last evening Hall was himself arrested
on a charge of misdemeanor embezzle
witness stand. She lives at 70S Howard
street with Mrs. Emma Rollins, formerly
Mrs. Lambert. She swore that Mrs.
Glover had asked her for the loan of $25
fur the purpose of having a criminal op
eration performed upon Mrs. Lahl. Mrs.
(Mover flatly contradicted Mrs. Collins on
this point and said she had no knowledge
whatever as to the author or the mode of
her daughter's death.
The girl called her shortly after mid
night and asked for a cup of coffee, after
drinking which she expired. Mr. Glover
ment. It is claimed that he rented the |
bicycle which he sold from J. T. Barnes, j
who has a cyclery near Golden Gate Park. I
Barnes last night visited the City Prison i
and positively identified Hall as the man I
who had "borrowed" the wheel.
The soldier, who is only 17 years of age, «
admits his guilt, but claims he was smit
ten with the charms of the Smith woman
and at her suggestion he sold the bicycle.
■ ♦ .
AET SHOW CLOSES.
California Club Ladies Find Their
First Exhibition a Success.
The first annual exhibition of the in
dustrial arts of California under the aus
pices of the California • Club closed last
night at Mechanics' Pavilion after a suc
cessful week. The beautifully furnished
annex held a crowd that found difficulty
in moving- about at • times, so densely .
were the people packed. Almost as great
a throng viewed the artistic handiwork of ,
Californians during the afternoon. On I
both occasions attractive musical pro
grammes were offered the visitors.
The closing day was called "President's
day." in honor of Mrs/ -La veil White, the
head of the club of tireless women. She ■
was assisted in receiving afternoon and '
evening by, the board of directors of the i
club, trie ladies of the finance committee |
of the exhibition, members of the hospital j
section and directors of the Porteous
Club. They were kept busy for many
hours greeting their callers.
In planning the exhibition the ladies of
the California Club had no desire to make
money. They merely wished to put be
fore the people of the State the products
of hands engaged in the industrial arts.
They would have been satisfied even had
they been a little out of pocket, and they
rather expected they would be. They
were, therefore, agreeably disappointed at
the indications early in the week that
they would be on the right side of the
ledger. Day by day the crowds increased
until last night, when the banner throng
assembled.
■ ♦ ■
Park Music To-Day.
Special patriotic and sacred rr^grararae for |
Sunday, May 2S, dedicated to the G. A. R.
"Consecration of the Temple" Keler Bels
National sons, "The Old Flag Forever"
Leila France
Fantasia. "The Martyrs" Donizetti
"Tmmortollen Waltz" Gung
Paraphrase, "Nearer, My God, to Thee". Reeves
"Celebrated Funeral March" Chopin
"Serenade for Horn and Flute" Titl
Horn. B. Sehlatt; flute, A. Liombardo.
War memories, or "A Day In Camp"
D. W. Reeves
Contents— "Drummers' Call,* 1 "Reveille,"
"Assembly," "Glory. Glory, Hallelujah,"
"Surgeon's Call." "Stable Call." "Peas on
a Trencher." "Breakfast Call." "Guard
Call," "Cavalry." "Roots and Saddle,"
"The White Cockade." "Recall Cavalry."
"Dinner Call," "Retreat," "Sunset Gun,"
"Tattoo."
Patriotic sonp, "The Swnrd nf Bunker Hill"
Colvert
Patrol, "The Rlue and Gray" Dalbey
Shut Out by Time.
The Supreme Court has upheld the deci
sion of the lower court of _Los Angeles
County in the case of AY. L. Archer
against Daniel Freeman and the Cente
nela Inglewood Land Company. The suit
was brought to recover damages alleged
to have been sustained by reason of mis
representation. Archer lived in the East,
and claimed that he was induced, together
with a man named Thompson, to purchase
land in the tract of the defendants. He
said that it was represented to him that
the tract was to be improved and upon it
would be built a college to be called the
University of Southern California. Also
that Freeman was to donate $100,000 to the
improvement of the property. He claimed
that it was not until some time after the
purchase that he learned that he had
bought a gold brick, there being no such
improvement as promised. In the lower
court his case was thrown out on a non
suit, the Judge deriding that it was barred
by the statute of limitation.
Music at the Cathedral To-Day.
To-day being Trinity Sunday, at St.
', Mary's Cathedral the music will be made
; additionally Impressive. The maps for the
occasion will bo tho production of a local
i composer, Ad. Locher. The choir will be
augmented under the leadership of Cap-
I tain Alfred Kelleher. who has recently
returned from military service at the
Philippines. The offertory has also been
arranged for the feast by the same eom
i pogf-r. Henry Heyman contributing the
( violin obligato.
Died of Laudanum Poisoning.
E^ Hoar, a widow residing at
Kl9 Lombard street, died yesterday after-
Inoon apparently from laudanum poison
; inpr. She has been ill for some time past,
' and Friday night took a strong dose of,
laudanum and paregoric. The double
I opiate rendered her unconscious, and Dr.
Glover was summoned, but he could not
I save her life. It is thought that death
was purely accidental, as her relatives
Bay they know of no reason why she
should take her own life.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Viola Alice Rhodes has sued her hus
hand, Lewis M. Rhodes, for a divorce.
The plaintiff charges her husband with
infidelity and asks for a decree on that
ground. Suits for divorce on the ground
of desertion have been filed by Thomas
Griffith against Hattie Griffith and Adele
M. Shortridge against Charles M. Short
ridge.
went at once for his brother. Dr. Cosmas |
Glover, who, after a brief examination, j
pronounced Mrs. Lahl dead and advised
nlnl to notify the Coroner.
Glover corroborated the story told by
his wife. He had neither knowledge nor i
suspicion as to the guilty person. At this :
stage of tne proceedings Coroner Hill ■
interjected dramatically:
"You are under oath, and it is your duty
and my duty to find out who killed this ;
girl. This girl has been murdered. With
proper care and attention, even if a crlmi- i
nal operation had been performed, she
might have recovered. I repeat it, she
was deliberately murdered, and this crime !
must be punished."
The witness persisted that he knew
nothing of the affair other than what he
had told. Dr. Cosmas Glover corroborated
his brother's testimony sis to his having
been called in after the death of the girl.
The jury bro ht in a verdict to the ef
fect that the woman had been murdered
by unknown persons.
Mrs. Elizabeth Bullwinkle caused a
mild sensation by repeating what her son
Fred had told her regarding a statement
made tn him by the deceased to the effect
that Mrs. Lahl suspected Lahl of having
been the man who stole a sack of coin
belonging to the Wells-Fargo Express
Company from a wagon standing in front
of the Anglo-California Bank last March.
Lahl is said to be in Los Angeles at the
present time.
THE LOVER'S LEAP.
The Romance and Reality of
Woman's Love.
Of all lover's leaps sung in song or
told in story, that was the greatest.
Do you remember the story as Mr.
Browning tells it in the rhyme of the
Duchess May? A tale of those fierce
feudal times when might was right and
when the law was writ in the sharp
edge of a man's sword? Sir Guy had
stolen away the bride of a rival suitor.
And now that rival has besieged the
castle, which has sheltered their brief
happiness, until there is no more use in
defense. In despair Sir Guy climbs to
the topmost tower and sends for his
steed. He will take one leap from the
battlements and die like a man. But
his wife hears the steed's hoofs on the
stair, and follows. It was the horse
that had borne them on the night of
their bridal, swift and safe from pur
suing vassals, and her hand was on the
bridle when spouse and steed swept out
upon the tower.
Down, she knelt at her lord's knee
and she looked up silently.
And he kissed her twice and thrice
for that look within her eyes.
Which he could not bear to see.
Then putting her away from him, he
bade her go back to her tiring room
and her maids. But she by wifely
bond and woman's love swore that in
death or life she would not be parted
from him. He turned and sprang to
the saddle, but she caught and clung to
the stirrup rein. With bit and spur he
backed his horse for that wild leap
from the battlements, "whence a hun
dred feet went down." But she still
clung, half swooning, her hair sweeping
the ground and her limbs dragging.
Three times her husband broke her
clasp, and three times her hands closed
again with the same convulsive clutch.
Then, as commending her to God, he
pressed his horse back for the fearful
leap, love gave her almost superhuman
strength and she climbed to the saddle
with him— "By her love she overcame."
And her head was on his breast,
whore she smiled like one nt rest.
» • • •
Then the horse in stark despair with his
front hoofs poised in air.
On the last verge rears amain.
• • * •
Now he hangs, he rocks between, and
his nostrils curdle in.
Now he shivers head and hoof, and
the flakes of foam fall off.
And his face grows fierce and thin.
Then back-toppling, crashing back.
a dead weight flung out to wrack,
Horse and riders overfell.
Oh! men sigh, that was a woman to
die for. There are no such women now
adays. The high heroism is a thing of
the past. Let the man who thinks so
go into his kitchen a while- and watch
his wife, worn and weary, while he
ponders this saying:
It's harder to live with the average
man than to die with him.
There are doubtless women, worn out,
broken down, crushed by the duties of
wifehood and motherhood, who would
gladly trade all these years of suffering
and pain for the few joyous months
that followed marriage, and then like
the Duchess May, smile at the dark
leap, with the arms of the man she
loved close clasping her.
Every wife, every mother is a hero
ine. Is there no courage in putting that
little hand into yours, and forsaking
father and mother for your sake? Is
there no heroism in assuming the re
sponsibility and risk of motherhood?
It is doubly heroic when the young
woman can look around her and see
what loss marriage so often entails, loss
of health, of figure, of complexion, of
strength.
The best recognition that can be
given to the heroism of women id that
which minimizes its perils and smooths
the path of duty as much as is possi
ble. It's a very beautiful thing to have
a monument setting forth the virtues
of the wife and mother, with a weep
ing husband hanging wreaths about it.
But it is a very much more beautiful
thing to be a happy, healthy woman
and a "joyful mother of children."
The crown of motherhood ought not
to be a crown of martyrdom.
The most practical recognition of the
worth of woman, her courage, her suf
fering and her needs, is to be found in
that "Godsend to women," Doctor
Pierre's Favorite Prescription. There
is no extravagance in that statement.
The martyrdom of motherhood is done
away by the use of this great remedy
for female troubles, debilitating drains,
and the inflammation and ulceration
which cause such suffering.
"I would like to express my grati
tude to you for the benefit I have re
ceived from your wonderful medicine,
Dr. Pierre's Favorite Prescription,"
writes Mrs. H. C Anderson of Smith
Britain, New Haven Co., Conn. (Box
33). "During the first month after I
found I was going to becomp a mother
I could not keep anything on my sto
mach. Was so sick that I had to go
to bed and stay for weeks. In fact. I
went to bed the 28th of June and never
got up till the first of August. I tried
different doctors, but with little bene
fit. I read about many being helped by
using your medicine, so I thought I
would give it a trial. I began to take
your "Favorite Prescription' in Novem
ber and "I hnd a nice little baby girl in
February following. My baby weighed
over eight pounds. I was only in hard
labor about one hour and got along
nicely during confinement; was up and
dressed on the eighth day. I never had
the doctor with me at all; just the
nurse and one or two friends. My
friends thought I was sick a very short
time. I think Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre
scription is indeed a true 'mother's
friend,' for it helped me wonderfully.
It kept me from having a miscarriage.
This makes my second child; with the
first one I did not take "Favorite Pre
scription' and I had a miscarriage.
The little one lived just about two
months and she war-- Pick all the time.
This last baby is as plump and healthy
as any mother could wish. She is about
three weeks old now and is gaining in
flesh every day."
That letter offers a practical exam
ple of what "Favorite Prescription" has
done for thousands of women. Almost
all the letters received by Dr. Pierce
dwell on the wonderful absence of pain,
the cheerful spirits, the perfectly safe
and comfortable feeling as the hour of
trial draws near, and then the crown
ing surprise of all. that tha ordeal of
the birth hour is so short and almost
painless. But a good many other wo
men are pleased to tell the other side
of the story, how robust their health
becomes, how fine the form and fair
the face that follows the use of this
health-giving medicine.
Mrs. Mary E. Lewis of Tanner, Gil-
mer Co., W. Va., writes: "I will al
ways recommend Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. •Favorite Prescrip
tion' and 'Pleasant Pellets,' for they
cured me when doctors and other medi
cines failed. For fifteen years I suf
fered untold misery. When I com
menced taking Dr. "Pierces medicines
I had given up all hope of ever getting
well. I could not He down to sleep and
everything I ate would almost cramp
me to death. Was very nervous and
could hardly walk across the room. I
only weighed ninety pounds when I
commenced taking these medicines six
years ago; I now weigh one hundred
and forty pounds and am having bet
ter health than ever before. My friends
all say they can hardly believe that I
am the same person; after being sick
so long I have changed to be robust
and rosy cheeked. I have taken fifteen
bottles of the 'Prescription,' fifteen of
the 'Discovery' and fifteen of the 'Pel
lets.' I take great pleasure in recom
mending your medicines to the sick, for
I know that if it had not been for them
I would not have been living to-day.
I am very thankful to God, who put
the great power in your medicines that
cured me."
The secret of these changes in
health and appearance is easily ex
plained. The general health of women
cannot be separated from the local
health of the delicate and sensitive wo
manly organs. When these are dis
eased, the whole health suffers. The
nerves are affected, and the result is
sleeplessness and restlessness. The
functions of the tomach are disturbed
and the body suffers from lack or nu
trition. Offensive drains sap the
strength and undermine the constitu
tion, while female weakness and ulcer
ation and inflammation afflict the mind
as well as affect the body.
The action of "Favorite Prescription"
is such that all the delicate and sensi
tive womanly organs are promptly
helped and purely healed. Debilitating
drains are dried up. inflammation and
ulceration healed, female weakness
cured and the whole of the organs pe
culiarly feminine are given vigor and
elasticity. As a resul* of this the baby's
coming is not dreaded, and its advent
entails no trial beyond the natural
strength. When local health is thus
established the causes of the hollow
cheek, dull eye and thin form are taken
away.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
R. V. Pierca by letter without charge.
For more than thirty years as chief
consulting physician of the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute at Buffalo,
N. V., Dr. Pierce has made the treat
ment of diseases of women his special
study. Of half a millii n ases treated
ninety-eight women out of every hun
dred have been perfectly and perma
nently cured. It's a wonderful record,
attested by grateful letters from wo
men in evpry part of the country.
There is positively no charge for such
consultation. Every letter is held as
strictly private and sacredly confiden
tial, and to preserve that privacy
throughout all answers are mailed in
perfectly plain envelopes without
printing or advertising upo them.
Write without fear as without fee.
Designing men sometimes invite wo
men to "write to a woman" on the scor>-»
of receiving "a woman's sympathy" and
that "a woman understands woman's
ailments." The "bearded lady" is evi
dently not found in tho dime museum
alone. The fallacy of such statements
is evident when it is considered that if
any woman can cure woman's diseases
it must be by medical knowledge. It
is only of recent years women have en
tered the medical profession. All the
medical knowledge any woman can
have she must have learned from some
man or the writings of some man,
which makes ridiculous tho claim that
"woman understands woman" better
than the men who taught and trained
her. There is as far as known no wo
man physician qualified to practice
connected with any proprietary medi
cine. It is absolutely certain that there
is no woman with n record eaual to
Dr. Pierce'?: more than thirty years of
special study of women's diseases, in
which more thnn half a million have
been treated and ninety-eight in every
hundred have been completely cured.
Th>re is no alcohol, whisky or other
stimulant in "Favorite Prescription."
It contains no opium or other narcotic,
and is entirely free from syrup or su
gar, which disagrees with and is in
jurious to some stomachs. Without any
of these ingredients it preserves all its
healing virtues in any climate and re
tains its pleasant flavor.
For twenty-one 1-cent stamps to pay
postage only, you can get a free copy
of the "Common Sense Medical Ad
viser," a work of 100S pages. Cloth
bound, thirty-one stamps. Send to Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. V-
1516
HIS EXCELLENCY AND THE LONG-EARED ONE.
AGUIRRE WILL
SUCCEED HALE
Al M QUENTIN
Directors Elect Him
Warden.
Martin Apuirre has been chosen as the
successor to W. E. Hale as warden at
San Quentin. He was elected yesterday
at a meeting of the State Board of Pris
on Directors in the oru>e of Director Ray,
7_'. Market street, his tt-rm of office to be
gin on July 1.
The action of the Prison Directors in
choosing Aguirre occasions no surprise.
As the choice of Governor Gage for the
wardenship it was a foregone conclusion
months ago that he would get the place.
If there ever was any opposition to him
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
awfulburl
Large as a Silver Dollar. Hot
Coffee Scalds Breast and Hands.
Skin Comes Off with Clothes.
All Remedies Useless.
CURED BY CUTICURA
My little boy was two years old when ho
reached upon the table and spilled a cup of
hot coffee all over his left hand. It had gone
through. to his breast, and before I could re-
move his clothes it had burned his breast,
and the skin came off with the clothes, and
ho has to-day a scar as large as a silver dollar
on his breast. I applied a great many things.
The burn was a very ugly one, hard to heal.
1 was requested to try Ccticura (ointment),
which healed up rapidly, but before I used a
half a box of Cuticura it was well. Oh, I
think CrTiccßA is the salve above all others.
Nov. 20, '98. Mrs. R. CARTY, Needles, CaL
BABY'S SORE HAND CURED
I was obliged to keep the first three fingers
Of my little boy's hand done up all the time,
as it was a raw sore, beginning to extend
down toward the palm. We consulted three
different physicians, each a certain length of
time. A gentleman recommended Cuticura
remedies. I purchased CuTicrißA Soap, Cc-
ncrßA (ointment), and Cuticura Resol- -
vent, put aside what I had been using, and
began with them. Well ! the?/ cured that hand.
Mrs. DIAMOND,
Jan. 29,38. 161 Bronson Aye., Rochester, N.Y.
CUTICURA WORKS WONDERS
In all the world there is no other treatment so
pure, so sweet, so speedily effective for distress-
Ing skin humors of infants and children aa warm
baths with Cuticura Soap, and gentle anoint-
ings with Cuticura (ointment), greatest of skin
cures, followed by mild doses of Cuticura
Resolvent, greatest of blood purifiers and
humor remedies. They afford instant relief,
permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy, per-
manent, and economical cure, when ail else falls.
Sold throughout the world. Potter D.;«c C. Corp.,
Fropi., Boston. "All About Btbj'i Skin Had bctlp," res.
save YOUR iwF^^S£ l aar h «
The Beast, Soliloquizing — And Yet They Call ME an Ass.
from any director it did not have life
enough in it to last till yesterday's mci t
ing and the work (if putting through the
programme only oc< upied a few minutes.
Warden Hale was present with the di
rectors, who got down to the business in
hand shortly after Jl o'clock. Without
any flourish of trumpets Director Dev
lin placed the nami> of the Los Angeh a
n.an before the board. Warden Hale, who
bad asked to I>. succeeded on June l.
w;is requested to oontinue in office until
July 1, by which time it is thought
Aguirre would !>•■ ready to take hold. Hale
i and the direi ■■ rs voted unani
mously for the Governor's candidate. Af
ter a few remarks from Warden Hale Lhe
m< • ring adjourned.
Aguirre, the newly elected warden, is
a close personal friend of the State ex
ecutive. He is at present a Deputy Sher
iff at Los Angeles ana \y;. ; - formerly Sher
iif of that county. He comes from" one of
the oldest families in the State. Warden
Hale, who resigned, under the impression,
it is believed, that he was doomed to re
moval by Governor Gage, has been at the
head of affairs at San Quentin for nearly
eight years and some of the most exten-
Blve improvements :n the prison have
been made under his direction. For sev
eral years past he has had many anx
ious hours with mutinous convicts, no less
than three wholesale attempts at prison
delivery having been made. The last uf
MARTIN AGUIRRE, the New Warden at San Quentin
these is still fresh in the mind of the pub
lic. The strain was too much for the
warden's constitution and his resulting
slrkly condition was made the pretxt for
his resignation.
Go to Brodek's Baldwin barber shop, 226
Powell St.. for fine work; also baths. • .
The love of woman passes all compre
hension and a man's love of her often
does likewise.
Ladle: tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloti s.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post Bt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
IS HELPLESS
Si AFRAID
OF HIS LIFE
Attorney P. G. Trus-
seau in Trouble.
Attorney N. FS. Malville, an .old man,
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging him with disturbing the peace
and he gave $20 ball for his release. The
complaining witness is Krnest Lang, a
watchmaker at 2821 Mission street.
When the case Is called to-morrow
morning in Acting Police Judge Groez
inger's court Interesting developments are
expected. Lang's mother, Mrs. P. G.
Trusseau, died last Tuesday after a few
days' illness. Trusseau, her husband,
who is an attorney, is practically help
less from paralysis, and when Mrs. M.
Oaborne, Miss Amelia Ami£t and Attorney
Joseph J. Cognet attended the funeral
last Thursday Trusseau wanted to see
them privately, but Lang prevented it.
' Cognet and the two ladies called the
following day to condole with the hus
band, ami while waiting' outside were
joined by Attorney Malvllle, who had
acted for Trusseau and his wife in a pro
fessional capacity. The four went to the
door, which was "nened by Lang. wKo
promptly forbade them to enter the house.
Malville wanted to know where Mrs.
Trusseau's will was. and Lang denied
there was one. Malville then, notwith
standing Lang's threatening attitude,
pushed his way past him and was fol
lowed by Mrs. OsSorne, as they were de
termined to see Trusseau.
Lang got excited and sent for a police
man from the Seventeenth street station
and wanted Malville and Mrs. OSDOrne
arrested, but the officer declined to inter
fere. Malville and Mrs. Osborne saw
Trusseau and he begged them to get him
out of the house and sent somewhere,
even to the City and County Hospital, as
he was afarid of his life; but they had
Store Closed Tuesday
• MEMORIAL DAY
Sole Agents for
Maggioni Kid Gloves
The perfection of fit wiih satis*
faction guaranteed to wearer.
The best $1.00 glove.
Our ladies' two-clasp embroidered back glace
kid gloves at $1.00, we believe are the very
best glove for the money sold in America.
Every pair is guaranteed and will be fitted
if desired.
Ribbon
All silk satin and gros grain ribbon, number
22, two and three-quarter inches wide, worth
2 cc, odd shades now
. ,
I GjC a yard
Ladies' Shirt Waists
In white lawn and pique, also a good variety
• of designs in colored percale at
$ I each
Ladies' Skirts
A nice line of white duck and linen skirts
for your outing
. !pI.£O each
Goods now on display in our windows. .
fill m m B
las to 131 Kearny St.
to beat a hasty retreat before arriving
;it some understanding with the old man.
There is a question of property rights
■which Malvillo, Mrs. Osborno "and the
other witnesses say is at the bottom of
Lang's actions. The day before Mrs.
Trusseau died she made a transfer to
Lang of all her property unknown to her
paralyzed husband, and the friends of the
husband say that they will light the
transfer, as Mrs. Trusseau was dying at
the time and did not know what she was
doing.
There are other startling developments
which will be sworn to in court by the
various witnesses for the defendant," Mal
ville. and Lane may find himself in an
awkward position.
You have the satisfaction of knowing
that everything you buy at Mauvais'. 7ti:i
Market street, is reliable and sold at a
reasonable price. •
FIVE SPECIAL <
VALUES !
At $2.50 Each.
175 DRESS PATTERNS, jet black figured
mohairs (English manufacture), 9 differ-
ent designs, goods 44 to 48 inches
wide. Worth $5.00 pattern.
At 35c Yard.
50 pieces GENUINE ENGLISH IRON-
FRAME ALPACAS, 40 inches in width,
in browns, tans, beige, grays and navys.
Reduced from 75c yard.
At 50c Yard. f
35 pieces 44-INCH FRENCH MIXED SUIT-
INGS, in all the new colorings. Regular
price 85c and $1.00 yard.
At $3.25 Pair.
15 cases (450 pairs) FINE WHITE CALI-
FORNIA BLANKETS, full size and extra
weight, fresh from the mills and perfect
in every particular. Worth $5.00 pair.
At 12^c Yard.
10 cases EXTRA QUALITY COVERT SUIT-
INGS, 18 different colorings, in all the
new mixtures.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
LEGITIMATE MINING.
The Industry, as Now Conducted in
This State, Is on a Business
Basis.
In place of gambling and speculating in
the purchase of shares of stock in promis
cuous companies, the opportunity is now
presented of acquiring an interest in the
very valuable property owned by the
American Quartz Mining Company on
the most favorable and advantageous
terms.
This company, incorporated under the
laws of the State of California, has a
capital stock of $100,000, divided into 100,000
shares of the par valueof onedollar ($1) per
share. Its property comprises five claims
of 1500 feet by GOO feet on the mother lode,
situated in the French Gulch mining dis
trict, Shasta County, State of California,
at about 24 miles northeasterly of Red
ding, the county seat. It has a mill of ten
stamps, with ample water power to run
the same for eight months In the year,
with an engine and boiler of 30 horsepower
for the remainder of the year, together
with other necessary buildings.
The property has been opened up with
tunnels, shafts, drifts and winzes. Ore
bodies have been tested and proven to be
of great value, average assays by Luck
hardt, Pugh & Fowler showing $14 free
gold.
The successful operations have demon
strated the desirability of attacking the
ore bodies at a further depth of 2;"0 feet.
which will permit the ore to be delivered
4000 feet nearer the mill than from the
present workings. The distance from the
mouth of the proposed tunnel to the mill
will then be 2130 feet, and by means of a
gra\'ity tramway the cost of mining and
delivering the ore to the mill will not ex
ceed $110 per ton, a saving as compared
with the cost of present working of $2 65
per ton.
This property lies in a belt of very rich
gold mines, among- which may be men
tioned the famous Brown Bear mine,
whose productions to date is stated at 11
to 12 millions: the Scorpion mine, with an
output of $375,000: the Shafter, $fKX» oon-
Washington. $7r><i.<W): Milkmaid, $58,000-
Ellery, $. r >0,000: Highland, JSOO.OOO: Glad
stone, $850,000; T'nole Sam, $1,000,000, and
many other dividend producers.
Shasta County in the year 189$ was the
banner county in the State for its min
eral productions. $3.f>10,72S having boon ex
tracted in gold, silver and copper, and an
increase over the previous year of about
one million dollars.
The directors now offer for sale to the
public stock In the American Quartz Min
ing Company at one dollar per share Day
able in monthly installments of 10 cents
per share per month, beyond which no
other assessments or payments will be
required.
The office of the company is at 51f5 Cali
fornia street, where subscriptions for
stock will be received and where the
books, reports, maps and samples of the
ore can be seen and all information de
sired may be obtained. •
May Establish Laundries.
Judge Dunne has decided against the
constitutionality of the ordinance prohib
iting the erection of a laundry upon any
property without the permission of the
property owners of the block. The deci
sion was rendered on an appeal from a
conviction found against Wah Sing, who
established a laundry on Pacific street
between Hyde and Leavenworth. The
court held that the ordinance was against
public policy and a violation of the four
teenth amendment of thr constitution nf
the United States, which provides that
all classes of citizens are entitled to equal
protection under the law.
Dr. Sarsfield's tinti-inflammation salve
is invaluable in treating pnoumonia.
mumps, inflammation of the bow( Is. ovar
ies and lungs, mortification, pjuiKrene. •
Died in a Saloon.
George W. Jones, who for some yoars
has been known about town as a "pro
fessional juryman," fell unconscious on
the floor of the saloon at 5 Grant avenue
yesterday afternoon and died a few min
utes later. Jones was 65 years of ago. and
a native of New Brunswick. N. S. He had
boon suffering from heart disease for
some time past. His home was at 817
Leavenworth street, and he. leaves no
family, his wife having died about three
years ago.
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
looker & Co., San Francisco. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
] .i PAINLESS DENTISTRY. §
j5 \V'/ / / PLATES.. OO up sr*
N. •\\-\^A / X/ i^ FILLINQB...2Sonp2^
T}*~^x4^h}L 4^~ " — CROWNS fiO nn
<5 ' /»/n)>\ Painless ExtttetionS 5 *
' J- y s By electricity our Jjg
>^J Open Evenings and Sundays. JJ*
3 v\A.isr vroom §
3J" ' ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, *U
MARKET, COR. SIXTH. £* <
5O PATTERNS / £>\
TO SELECT fßo(l#| Jf
PER YARD SEWEdV^X
LAID AND LINED SPECIAL
THIS WEEK.
M15510N 5T
: . __^
Painless Dentistry.
iVr^^lf'H^ SEE OUR NEW
Jj[|||| Flesh Colored
By.l ;, Cannot be detected from
Mt. *A Egf the natural teeth and gum.
WT^ V tbln and stronger Uian
Crown». *3^JO. rubber. Filling. SOe.
CrownH. $3.50. Plates. |K5. Filling, 800.
ALL. WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth st., Cor. Stevenson.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
eexes. and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary..
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
322 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MCNULTY.
riiHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD i
L Speciallstcuir* Private. Nervous, and Blood D'yjf
enses 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases untl^
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over experience.
Patients earedai Home. Terms reasonable. HoursD
to 3 dally ; S.3o to 8:30 «'v'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul,
tution free and sacredly contideatial. I, or address
P. KOSCOK MpSI'LTY, M.D.
[ £6% Kearny St., San Francisco. CrLText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availablePAGES >
25 to 32 S
; ___h
_ J ■ -v- jr
The New Memorial Day
Oup Soldier Graves in Cuba.
By henry Harrison Lewis, Special Corespondent
Special to The Sunday Call.
_,__HE removal of the soldier dead
j^"" from Cuba and Porto Rico dur-
Oing the past few months has
served to make vacant a great
majority of the graves in those
islands, but the transports, de
spite their frequent trips, have . not
;aken all. There are still enough down
here to make the celebration of May
!0, lS9f». a celebration unparalleled in
>ur history.. •
There are men — soldiers who _ have
{night other foes on those pestilential
itiores than the Spanish— who have a
:la im for the honor and reverence of
heir countrymen. The earth upon their
graves is" newly turned and about them
Lho silent colony grows — augmented
lay by day by. the stricken ones from
the hospitals.
The action of the United States Gov
tnunent in transferring to ..heir own
land those who fell in its service is un
precedented. And it is a source of
wonder to the Cuban native*. These
,\u-v have seen, great transports load
id with the dead sail away from their
island many times since the f. rst or the
year, and they marvel at a nation
which is willing and eager to spend
Lime and money in moving those whose
usefulness is past.
And they will marvel still more at
the spirit which will prompt the Amer
ican soldiers on Memorial day to deck
with -flowers and flags mounds of
earth and weep at the memory of com
rades gone to the last call.
In the vicinity of Havana and other
large cities the day will be carefully
observed. The great grave in which
the 'boys of the Maine lie side by Bide,
and those smaller ones filled since that
eventful week in March, 189$, will come
in for the due- share, but in no part of
the island will the day be one of such
tender ceremony and importance as In
the vicinity of Santiago.
Back of that city the battlefield
stretches' for miles. It. extends coast
wise* in the direction of Baiquiri,. and
away to the mountains on the El Ca
ney road. It was fought over Inch by
inch, sprinkled .as . with a . Bummer
shower by the blood of the combatants,
and then sown with the graves of those
who fell. Little care was possible un
der the circumstances, 'and where men
dropped they were buried.'- Some were
enshrouded in the canvas of their shel
ter tents, "but the majority had as their
covering only their uniforms and the
clods of mother earth.
Where the Dead Lie.
There was no orderly arrangement,
no rows and aisles and plots and sec
tions, but merely the convenience of
vicinity and the haphazard use of the
Spanish. and American trenches. On
the Santiago battlefield, after the ces
sation of hostilities, the density of the
craves served as an undeniable evi
The Call Sunday Edition
dence of the mortality at that particu
lar point. At the foot and on the San
Juan Hill they were sown as thickly
as tenants in the God's acre of a popu
lous city.
By permission of the American .Gov
ernment disinterring has been carried
on in a more or less desultory fashion
since last September. Despite the fact
tha"t disturbance of graves in semi
tropical countries like Cuba is strictly
forbidden within five years from date
of burial, friends and undertakers
flocked to the Santiago batttlefield,
armed with permits.. from the War "De
partment at Washington, and removed
a number, of bodies.
It was only through the strenuous
efforts of General Leonard Wood that'
yellow fever victims .were left undis
turbed. In one case an " undertaker
from a Maine town insisted on disin
terring an officer who had died of yel
low fever, and he yielded only to force.
The hasty method of burial followed
during the excitement after the siege
naturally led to' wrong identification in
many cases. When convenient a bottle
containing a paper hearing the name,
regiment and company of the deceased,
was. buried with him. Rude boards ud
un which were painted similar inform
ation were planted at the heads of the
mounds, but despitevthese precautions
the identity of the soldier often re
mained problematical. * ■
When a delegation of Spanish officials
visited Santiago for the purpose of
removing the remains of the brave de
fender of El Caney, Genera] Vara del
Key. they experienced great difficulty
in finding the grave. They were led by
a Cuban guide to a mound in th vi
cinity of the blockhouse, but on open-
Ing the grave disclosed to view the
remains of an army mule. It was a
despicable, Blur and insult cast upon
the memory of a gallant warrior by
natives, whose sense of refinement is
notably absent.
In strong contrast to this is the pa
thetic sympathy felt by the living sol
diers around Santiago for their com
rades in the trenches. There are .very
few graves on the battlefield that have
not .beert the object of tender care.
Decoration day has lasted many long
months in that part of Cuba.
This sympathy has been manifested
in strange ways and in unexpected
quarters. Last October a negro team
ster was discharged from the service
in Santiago as incorrigible. He was a
native of South Carolina, and was a
peculiarly vicious specimen of a vicious
class. He had been arrested and pun
ished so many times without effect that
his dismissal was finally ordered..
He was paid off — poor little sum —
and given a pass on a transport to the
United States. • Sailing day, this de
praved negro visited all the shops in
Santiago and, buying, as many Ameri
can flags as his money permitted, went
out to the trenches and decorated a
number of soldier graves — black, white,
American and. Spanish indiscriminately.
Then he returned to his evil" ways. -.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
"LET OUR FL^G WJiVE OVER THEM,
LET OUR FLOWERS DECK, THEIR GRAVES"
General Nelson (\. Miles, Commander-in-Chief, U. S. (\.
SIIK graves of our dead soldiers command the respect and veneration of all. Particularly this year, when there
are at Arlington a large number of new-made mounds; when or. the hillsides of Cuba and Porto Rico, and about
the swamps of the Philippines, other American soldiers are buried, we should think of and decorate the graves
of our heroic dead.
This custom comes to us from the ancient and refined Athenians. They were accustomed to celebrate the
virtues and commemorate the memory of the heroic dead by decorating their graves each year. For us to do
the same thing is certain to result in o'ir benefit. It will perpetuate the spirit of patriotism in our youths and help
them to emulate the example of the men who died bravely. :;ot only iii our Civil War. but in our recent war with
Spain. The idea of and the ceremonies of Decoration day are beautiful. Its purpose is commendable. This year, of all
years, should be observed with patriotic devotion.
During the last twelve months nearly twelve million of people who were living under a tyranny and despotism
hive been freed from their serfdom arid have become a part of the? population of these great United States. Those
among them who really know the changed condition hail the change with joy and gladness. Their gratitude is like that
of Lazarus toward Christ. They realize that the American people has not been slow to offer the flower of its manhood
to rescue them from thralldom and that, if it is given time, it will establish a stable government under which they
can live in peace and happiness. Of course Ido not know more than any one else what is likely to happen in the
Philippines. With other good citizens. I hope that the contest will be short and that the people in our new posses
-!"U-- wiil be willing to listen to reason instead of compelling us to further use force. Our troops there have mani
fested the same bravery, the same heroic fortitude and spirit of self-sacrifice as were shown in Cuba and Porto Rico,
and have been sho\?n since the beginning of American history, and as will be shown until American history ends. We
have !<>-t good men. In warfare those who die are naturally those whom we consider best.
When Memorial day conies there will be new graves. Out at Arlington now the freshly turned earth shows
where the men who died in Cuba and Porto Rico lie buried. Not all of them are dead. Green mounds on the sides of
the hills near (iuasimas. and about San Juan, will be decked with the rxnl. white and blue on the 30th of May. The men
who died in Cuba, the men who died in Porto Rico, the men who died ami are dying in the Philippines, are just a*
much entitled to commendation and consideration as the men who died in any war in our history.
Let our flag wave over them, let our flowers deck their graves wherever they may be; let our reverence, let our
respect, let our love, wreathe their memories.
Heroes all! They deserve all that we can grant them — they deserve more than we can give them!
XKLSON A. MILES. ' *
MEMORIAL DflY OF THE FUTURE
By General Marcus P. Miller, Comroander of the lloilo ExpeditioQ.
THE Memo/iaL day of th^ futtire
will mean much more to the
American people than in the
past. Its significance will be
broader, deeper, more truly na
tional.
It will mean not only the commem
oration of those heroes. who fell fight
ing for the preservation of the Union,
"but, for the first time since its institu
tion, it "ill be an anniversary of a
common sorrow, the surest and most
effectual peacemaker either in family
or nation.
The Spanish war 'has done more for
Memorial day in the space of one short
year than could have been accom
plished by the homilies of a million
preachers.
The descendants of the heroes of both
North and South, fighting, suffering,
dying tog-ether in foreign lands, in de
fense of their country's flag, must serve
Our .New Sraves at Arlington.
By Edward Marshall, War Correspondent
<;LY in the bare red of its mo
-1 I notony of newly turned clay, the
f I new graves of the soldiers, dead
in the Spanish-American war,
will pitifully bear their flowers
this Memorial day.
It was Sunday afternoon when 1
drove out to Arlington. Holiday-makers
swarmed into the great national grave
yard as if it were a picnic, ground. The
spreading trees and rich turf of the old
cemetery were green and peaceful.
Where lay the dead heroes of our Civil
War was solemnity, but no sadness.
The scars of that great conflict had
been obliterated by time. But where
the new graves are is this great red
blot — a tremendous wound in the sward
to tel! a^Btory, awesome and as full of
heartache as it is of glory.
Almost precisely a year before I had
traveled about from camp to camp and
come to know our soldiers. I had
messed and camped with the gallant
Ninth Cavalry: I had gone to Cuba
with the surgeons and the hospital
corps; I had gone Into battle with the
Rough Riders and fought with them
and bled with them. Among the brave,
black troopers of the Ninth I numbered
scores of friends. Among the Rough
Riders there wns scarcely a man whom
I did not personally know. Day after
day, since the time when battle and
disease began among these my friends,
I had watched the records, and I knew
who were dead. I wanted earnestly to
find their graves. Rut on the long rows
of tiny ' tombstones there^ were no
£-■+■-<' -♦- ♦ <$> -♦— <$>-♦- <§>-*--<?> -♦— ■$
to make Memorial day what it should
be, a. day pet apart to do honor to our
heroic dead.
The day should he sacred as God's
day — holy as Sunday — righteous as -the
resurrection of Christ, for he needed
not the intercession and tender solici
tude of humanity.
From the battlefield of Fredericks
burg in 1863 to the Philippine Islands
In 1599 is a far signal, but its colors
have floated all these years. The beau
tiful sentiment of a handful of South
ern women, mothers, wives and sisters.
who laid wreaths and (lowers upon the
desolate graves after the Fredericks
burg carnage, christened the custom
of memorial and hallowed its remem
brance. And now,, wherever "Old
Glory" may wave, whether rising over
native soil or striking colors against
the unfamiliar background of bamboo
and palm, the 30th of May will be ob
served with a new spirit, the patriotic
offering of a united people.
The American people to-day, live in
the prospect of a glorious future, a
future not only great for themselves
but fraught with happiness and liberty
to the downtrodden millions whom
their valor and justice have made free.
It is not alone that we honor the
j PAGES li
i 25 -ro 82 p
names; Each had its. inexpressive, un
romantic number. On one or two some
reverent one had scratched a name in
lead pencil, but they were all strange
names to me. A pleasant man came
from the office of the cemetery with, at
first, some merriment. He showed me
the map of the. graves. I looked at it
with eager interest. I looked away as
quickly when I saw the long rows
marked "unknown."' It seems to me a
pity that our Government does not
make some plan by which the identity
of the men who go out to fight for it
shall be certainly preserved.
— One Little Decorator. ..... .
Then 1 drove back to the graves.
They were not wreathed with flowers,
as one would have. expected them to be
just after they had been made, but
from each one floated a little flag. They
were pitiful little flags, those bits of
color on our soldiers* new graves. They
were made of. the cheapest cloth, and
the red and the blue in them was sten
cilled on with cheap paint, which will
run down and spoil the white stripes
when the first rain comes. On one or
two of all .the thousand graves were
tiny nosegays. _ I fancy that they had
been put there by a little .girl that
morning. I saw her going about weep
ing, with some other bunches of flowers
in her hands. She told me that no one
she knew had been buried there, but
that her "big brother" had been killed
in the Philippines.
The graves were dug by contract,
doubtless, and are arranged in rows so
regularly that they make straight lines
no matter in what position you stand
as you view them.
-+—$> -+-&-+-$> -»-<s-*-<s> -»-<?>-♦-«> -♦-$."♦-0
brave on Memorial day and bedeck the
graves of those fallen, that freedom
may be perp< tuated, i>ut we make it
;) day of consecrated joy that we still
possess the blessings sn richly won.
The nation has a profound sorrow for
the warring Filipinos and the uncon
tented Cubans to whom as yet these
tributes can have no meaning. The
firm, kind hand of Justice seems to
them only an exchange of masters, but
they will in days to come venerate the
memory of the American soldiers who
sacrifice d their lives to give them lib
erty. They will remember their deeds
of valor, their steady discipline and on
ward rush, and they will not foriet the
grand exhibition of personal heroism,
which was not courage born of the ex
cjtemeirt of the hour,' biit wns'theirs by
birthright of American citizenship. •
Memorial day will yet be hallowed by
the : people who now spurn our' Hag's
protection and it wi|l be made the sreat
loving reunion to honor the heroic deeds
of those still spared.
It is a festival of memory made eter
nal by the women of our nation, whose
tender recollections cherish the deeds
of those heroes of ours.
It is a day of glad grief that freedom
and unity still reign.26
M'ss India Willis Scott.
NOTHING, or next to nothing, -in
ntertaining is on in
society lust new— that is, If one
,;,,. : few v/eddl
havi taken |
in< •! f •!".
old-time superstition that May was
in unlucky month for, marriag<
orn thn adbare, for q
i number of bridals have graced the
nonth that erstwhile laid so many ter
• - brides. The first month <if sr.m
ner, which was ever a favorite month
vith Hymen, promises to n- no ex
..icement announce
tinue 1 pear, and the pros
■ ■. . bells of June
up their customary lively }':■--
Ing until the end of the month, when
affairs in the city will be quit" a.
he i !■!..
• • »
There i K but one subject of conversa
i"ii in society at the present moment.
■.nd that is the summer outing. There
•romises ;•■ be an unusual exodus Eu
ason. Many who planned
oad hist year and were
; on account of the war have
to carry out their plans this
• • •
There have been several distinguished
within our gates durinK the week,
ach <>ne of whom has furnished the motif I
linner entertainment.
Sii James Poole, former Lord Mayor of
London, who is on a tour of the world,
md is spending a couple of w^< ks here ;
. ■ -t of William Greer Harrison,
•' honor on Sunday last at
_ ai fill dinr.tr party given by Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Josselyn at their country
R< dw ! ' Ity.
Cuyler Smith v. |  -
spending the summer on the Pacific Coast,
was ■ • ■ Mr.
Btnd Mrs. Henry 1.. Dodge at their home
ranklin street Saturday evening,
• « •
The marriage of Miss Mabel Blair of
Sacramento 3tratton Birdsali
nf this city will !■• celebrated in Sacra.- '
■ day evening at St.
Episcopal Church. The Rev. C.
M. Miel will be the officiating clergyman, j
la .Liht'-r of John Blair, i
i Sacramento capitalist, and Mr. Birdsali
s the son of Frederick Birdsali of Sacra- !
Mil b M md Lillian Ashley will at- .
.- maid of honor and the '
• .' will be Miss B-.-s Rowel] of
this '( Ity and M Birdsali, M .-
--■ ■ Williams and Miss Carrie Wilsey
Fr< d W. Blanchard will
act as best man and the ushers chosen for
Jam< b Ely, William Fra
i Wfaitakci Ray and Dr. J':- '
n me C. < 'an oil.
• • *
Th« . : Miss Kittie Dobbins and
Dr. Thoma C. McCleave, U. S. A., took
?■ ■ . sda v evening In the
'irst Presbyterian Church In Berk<
•i. 11. Dobbins officiated. Miss Rdse
: : ii bbins w i ma Id oi hi nor, and th
bridesmaids were Miss Mary McCieave
Dobbins, Miss Nellie Dobbins
Tuttl( . i )t. < !harl< a Mil
ted as best man and Ray
nan, Harry Burke, Walter Hoag and
< ' ■ '■ Olnej W< re itie ushers.
• • *
The Misses Morrison of San Jose Rave a
house party recently at their handsome
home, corner of Fifth and Julian streets
in honor of rXin Federal Judges their
guests being Judge and Mrs. }•;. mi
W. B. (Jilbert, Judge Hawley,
Judge Houghton. A dinner of twelve
<ovtrs was given in their honor Saturday '
rig, the decorations being very , f-
France roses and asparagus
The various rooms had immense ,
! filled wit!i rose:-. An informal tea ;
was given Sunday afternoon. Among;
thns-e present were: Judge and Mrs A L I
Rhodes, Mr. and Mr.-. B. F. Lieb Mrs.
PALMISTRY-
v many thousand impressions of
|* palms have been forwarded to this
department for reading that it has
5u been decided not to. receive of ;
palms have been forwarded to this
Mment for reading that it has
been det Ided not to r< ceive any
1 more until those on hand are an- !
'^J swered. This 's done in justice to ,
the palmist and to those who might
forward impressions and be obliged to
wait a long time before a careful reading
could be made In this column.
''.■- • '. ■ * ■ •
K. M. HOLLAND, Columbia Theater—
This is the hand of a genius especially
adapted to his line of work. His broad
palm Indicates the breadth and scope of
his mind. He is original and adaptable.
Can execute well, but has not the power
to instruct. He lacks patience. He can
portray any character, as his powers of
mimicry are unusual. He is strong
willed and determined. Easily ' Irritated
by the stupidity of others. There Is great
constructive and inventive genius, not
along mechanical lines, but in his- own
profession. \He is an actor by nature
rather than from training. He grasps a
situation Intuitively and If called upon
for a reason could not easily explain why
he comes to his conclusions. This is a
thoroughly natural nature with love for
all the pleasures of the world, yet provi
dent withal. He is thoroughly Bohemian
in his instincts and is not eager for re
sponsibility. It would be best for this
nature not to allow itself to become an
gered, as they lose control when enraged
and would say and -do that which they
would have occasion to regret. This -na
ture cannot endure dictation or re
straint. A natural born leader and can
not take a secondary position. The well
defined knots on the fingers show that the
artistic gifts of a higher order are in
terfered with by a tendency to practica
bility which will not be silenced. He will
be more successful financially, but must
depart from his ideal. This discord will
render the subject at times moody and
dissatisfied.
MISS M. PACIIECO, Guatemala— This
palm indicates a pleasure loving, nature.
There is marked musical talent, yet un
less urged this nature would not reach
the highest mark, as there is great" Indo
lence and fondness for the dainty, . super
ficial things of life. This person will make
a success of life in a matrimonial llnef
■will marry. early in life; will travel, es
pecially between 30 and 32. •,. - *
MISS E. -W.-'CUSHINGS,* Guatemala
Society
Henry Berryman, wife of Captain iwry
man of the Olympia, Admiral Dewey c
flagship; U. B. Hoard, Judge H. G: Bond.
I Morejand. Mr. Findlay, Miss.
WakefiekL Dr. Wakefield and others.
A VV. Foster was host at a private pic
nic Saturday. May SO, at El Campo, ■■'
which he delightfiillj entertained a num
ber of his friends. Those present were:
Dr. and Mrs. Arthur Crosby, Mr. and
Mrs. John F. Boyd, Mrs. A. F. Feehteler.
Miss Marie Wells", Miss Elena Morrow
ami Judge W. W. Morrow.
• * *
Admiral Watson. U. B. N., was the
guest of honor recently at a very charm
ing dinner party given by Mrs. Thomas
The others entertained were:
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Beamer, Mr. and
Mrs. Willfam Wolff, Mrs. Uupert Colin,
Mi-s Catherine Crosby. Mis? Berniee
Lindsay". M'ss Grace Embree, Miss Leana
Cohn, MNs B. .1. Hooper, Miss Alexia St. i
AT.. an Miss Elsie Newh&ll, General
Compton, U. S. A.; Major Fiejd. I". S. A.;
Lieutenaot VV. Vosfiler, U. S» A.; George
P. Whitney. Otto Schulter, Eugenio ller
mida and Walter Wolff.
« * •
Mrs. Clarenro M. Severance and Miss
if Los Angeles are the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. Timothy Hopkins at t,hclr home;
in Menlo Park.
Mrs. Frederick Tumor, formerly Miss
Elsie Lee of Oakland, will arrive here
from Honolulu nexi week. Mr. Turner
came here on business several weeks ago.
Mrs. Turner is accompanied by her niece.
Miss Cornelia Stratton. daughter of Sen
ator F. S. Stratton. who was recently
married in New York city.
Mr 3 Valentine Hush and Mrs. Thomas
Magee of Fruitvale left recently for a
shoVt Easjern trip.
Miss Edgerly will soon leave for New
York accompanied by her mother. In the
fall they will go to Paris, where Miss
Edgerly will study painting.
F. C. Hotaling .has returned from his
trip to Portland.
Miss Helen Tobln and Miss Jennie To
bin have returned to 'his dry after a visit
'Mara, where they were the
guests "i Miss Sarah Stewart
General Marcus i. Miller. U. "ft. A., re
and Mi > Miller, arrived from Man
,-t Monday. After a short stay in
this city they will g ■ to Smrkbridge.
Mis., where they will reside perma-
Mrs. Charles A. McNulty and Mrs.
Thurlow McMullin have changed their
tesidence from l:> 2 Callfonria street to
i 'alifornla !t r> el . '.orner of Buchanan.
» * •
Richard M. Hotaling left last week for
the yosemlte Valley, where he will spend
■ • ■ ra.l h ecks.
Mr and Mrs. Alfred Bouvlcr are at their
try horn-, "Pine Lodge," in Siskiyou
County.
Mrs. Gilbert E. Overlon and Miss Gwen
dolen Overton of Loa Angeles arrived In
Niw sTork fnin Mexico last week. They
are expected home in June.
William Keith will leave for Europe on
June T. to be Rmic about three months.
Edward"" H. Sheldon has gone to Sausa
lito. wt>er,e he will spend the summer.
Mrs. T. Kllard Beans and daughter have
returned to San .Jo--- after having sptnt
th< winter and spring months in San
* + •
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent, Miss
Hooker and Miss Hi ssie Shreve have
t ;< K > 11 a house in San Rafael for. the sum
mer month*
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson have
to Burllngame for the summer.
Mr. and Mis. Georgi <". Boardman wili
go to their cottage in Pan Rafael June 1.
• ■■ •
Mrs. Myra A. Greenwood and Miss
Gre< awi oa left early In the wwk for New
L'ork. Fred A. Sreenw i will spend the
summer at Belvedere.
Miss Helen Wilder, who arrived in this
from Honolulu last Tuesday, is vis
iting friends in Alain. -da County and will
it main in California, ali summer.
Mrs. Monroe SalisDury is visiting Mrs.
Charles Josselyn at nor country home in
Fan Mateo Cbunt'y.
* * •
Dr. Girard. U. S. N., having been a^-
READ THE STORY IN YOUR HAND.
-1 This is a favored child of fortune; 1
will have money left in two larg>;
■ b one at 27 and another at 32.
There will be some litigation in the sec
; ond amount.
BLUB BELL. Ran Jose—This hand in-!
dicates a frivolous, thoughtless nature, 1
self above ull others. You will be di- :
vorced bi fore your twenty-fifth year..
GLADYS, Eden Vale— Youra is the 1
palm of luxury. You will always be a
petted child of fortune. You will marry
. and Five the first five years of your
married life In a foreign country.
DAISY BELL— This Individual is kind
and sympathetic; will do anything for
i those she loves; yet thla sentiment is!
| woefully abused in the early life; how-i
ever, the individual will go out of your I
life and you will make ;i wiser choice. !
You Will lose two near relatives by death.
Money will be -left to you at 32.
MRS. M. c, Vallejo— Your hand de
, notes a roving, dissatisfied, discontented
nature; fickle and vain in the extreme, j
You are jealous, and ruin your domestic
happiness with your suspicions. You will
; marry but once-.
FRANCIS I>.. Henldsburg— Your hand
; denotes a loving though self-reliant na
ture. You are proud and independent.
Y<ni had a love affair which terminated j
I unpleasantly at your twenty-first year.
i You would make a good school teacher.
MRS, north, Reno— You will have
I considerable trouble with land, involving i
• you in a lawsuit, which will necessitate j
your 1 taking a long journey in your forty
sixth year. Your husband is a man that
you cannot depend upon.
VIOLA BERG— This hand indicates a I
sweet, amiable nature, unselfish and sym- |
.pathetic Your father and mother died !
leaving you dependent upon your own
resources. You will marry^l man en
gaged in some religious work™
CHARME D., Stockton— Your self
esteem is evident in every line of your i
palm; yet you have no particular accom- !
pllehment. You have been "a Jack of all
trades and master of none."
MAUD S., Sacramento— You render your ,
j life miserable by your apprehensions for
your future. You will marry at 29— a I
j widower with two children. You will not
1 make an important change prior to that •
I event.
j -MISS KATIE G., Vallejo-You will have |
one miraculous escape from death in the i
! early life. You have made one great en- ;
J emy who would injure you if an oppor
tunty offered itself. You will marry hap- i
pily at 26. You will have three children.
MRS. M. R. HARRALD- This is a thor
i oughly vitalized hand, a nature that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
signed to duty in connection with the ]
v w hospital at the Presidio, has taken |
quarters at that post in the house for- |
merly occupied by Major and Mrs. John j
Darling.
Miss Ryland of San Jose spent last
wf-k in San Francisco, fhe guest of
Mrs. John M. Burnett.
Mr. and Mrs. I. TV. Ilellman and Miss
Florence Hellman have gone abroad for
the summer. They will return here in
the early autumn.
» * *
Mrs. George Davis Boyd I? visiting her
Bisle», Mrs. William H. Taylor, in Oak
land during Mr. Boy'd's absence on a
shooting trip in Nevada.
Mrs. John E. de Ruyter is entertaining
her cousin, Miss Mary Frick of Balti
more.
* * »
Mis. M. S. Curry and Miss Frances Cur
ry will go to Santa Barbara next month
to spend the summer.
Miss Mary Bell Gwin has been visiting
Miss Ethel Tompkins during the past
fortnight.
Mrs. William M. Gwin and Miss Gwin
will spend the summer at San Rafael.
* • *
Mr. and Mrs. de Seminario have taken
a -cottage at Santa Monica for the sum
mer.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert I>. Taylor are mak
ing an extended trip through the East.
Mrs. ('. Metzger, Mrs. Pauline Schnait
tacher and. Miss Edith Sehnaitmcher
have discontinued their day at home for
the summer months.
Mis- E. Gulstl lias pone to San Rafael,
her voice having failed her, and will re
join the Southwell opera company later.
Miss Elsie Watson Cushing of 870 Ado
line street. Oakland: returned on the
steamer Acapulco after a two years' visit
in Guatemala. She brought with her a
| very large collection of curios, which
Scene From "The Princess Nicotine," Grand Opera House.
Edith Mason, William Wolff, Hattie Ladd, Thomas Persse.
could not readily forgive an Injury. You
have made enemies as well as. friends
by your frank, outspoken manner. You
have bad more than your share of sor
rows. Domestic life -does not bring un
alloyed happiness. ■
MISS V. A. POPE, City— You have a
very analytical nature, fond of the de
tails, of life; intense in your likes and dis
likes; changeable and restless;- fond of
travel. This is a hand of talent and in
spiration. An attachment In your early
life terminates unhappily, leaving you
wiser and more skeptical of humanity.
R. W., San Jose— You are an irritable
nature, ambitious and. determined to suc
ceed. You have not a very robust const!-*
tution, and unless you exercise care you
will not be long lived. , You have keen
perceptions • and clear- concise ideas.
There is a critical period marked on your
life line at 28. v . ' . : .
M. P. KNIGHTLY— You are apt to go
to extremes; are material . in your in
stincts; rather indifferent to* the opin
ions of the world at large. You are cau
tious and careful in matters -of great im*
portanee, yet are impulsive in trivial
things. ..'
MISS GEORGINA FOX— A broad-mind
ed,, independent nature who will win suc
cess In a public career. You have great
powers of mimicry; have conceptions and
great adaptability in affections; will
marry twice. - ' "••-■.•"•».• .;'■■-.'■-.■
. H. F. P.— Your • hand indicates a very
Idealistic nature, fond of the. beauties of
art and nature, fond of the opposite sex,
sensual and Intense in temperament. You
are independent and daring in, many
ways. You will only marry once. ■
MISS M. C, Portland, Ore.— You will
Have to have a private reading if you de
sire the questions you asked answered.
ALICE: ORT AGO— Your: health Is your
greatest difficulty; you have little vita
tiveness. : 'Your affectionate nature is In
tense, 'but so far you have never found
your afHnity. Your nature is practical
and analytical; you would always be at
tract by the occult. - V '
MRS. A. M. C San Jose— This hand
Indicates a willful, determined nature,
one who will have ..her own 1 way every
time. She is 1 energetic, ambitious and
tireless in her endeavors to regulate af
fairs to her liking. s *. •
R. Q. H.. San .Jose— Your hand would
indicate a nature who lived ,on the prin
ciple "that self-preservation -is the first
law of nature." The early life shows ill
health. Your greatest : prosperity will
come late In life.
.: M. DONALLY. Ogden— are , ambi
tious, eager to accumulate money, that
you may travel 1 and enjoy life. You are
have been much admired by her many
friends. '
Miss Pauline Constine has just returned
from San Rafael, where she has been the
guest of Miss Mabel Llchtenstein at Mari
nita Park.
* * *
The engagement is announced of Miss
L. Molowonsky and Chester B. Rockwell
of Honolulu.
The engagement of Miss V. Cleinberg
and George Ellis Carter of New York has
been announced.
* * *
at the
Arrivals at Saratoga Springs for the
week include: Samuel M. Green, W. P.
McFaull, W. M. Gray, L. Hazen, Daniel
Kearney, William Kearney, William
Gebze, San Francisco; C. J. Busch, L... L.
Schloss, Cloverdale; 0". E. Furry, Stock
ton; Charles Smith and wife, Ukiah; F.
A. Riser, El Verano; James R. Daly,
Lakeport, and Thomas Bruton, Alameda.
The ball given at Saratoga Springs on
the IRth inst., dedicating the opening of
the season and at the same time the open
ing of the new hotel, was an event that
will he remembered with pleasure by all
who participated.
I. ate arrivals at the Hotel Mount View.
Ross Valley, Cal., are: From San Fran-
I interested in the occult "and anything
I mysterious. You will accomplish a great
; deal within the next two years.
D. E. S.— Your nature is careful and
methodical. You will travel extensively
and see all classes of people. Your last
days will be your happiest.
F. A. M., .Bradley— You have a good.
' bit Qf mechanical ability; would make
| a good dentist. You are fond of th<e so
| ciety of -women, but are fastidious In
your tastes. A woman must be above
the average mentally to interest you.
MISS L. THORP— Your hands indicate
a sensitive, delicate constitution in the
early part of life, yet with your
| strong will you will overcome conditions
which would prostrate another. You
I have occult tendencies; would make an
I excellent palmist. You are keen and in
tuitive; all you lack is application and
confidence.
DICK WOSSER— If you had had the
necessary opportunities In early life and
had secured a finished education you
I would have made a good lawyer. Your life
has been somewhat of a disappointment.
One marriage.
FRED BROWN, Portland— This is the
palm of a cool, courageous man, full of
life and vitality. You have lost money,
but with care will make a fortune before
you die.
CAPTAIN J. A. BOULGER, Vallejo—
This is a thoroughly practical nature; a
natural leader; one who has marked exec
utive ability. He is kind-hearted and
generous, and has been greatly Imposed
upon through those he trusted.
MELBA H.— Your health will not per
mit you to carry out what you have
planned for your future. A serious illness
j before, your twenty-fifth year causes you
to lose ground for a time.
GRACE LANE, Palo Alto— You are a
great student, original in your ideas, and
would succeed in literature. You do not
make friends readily, but retain those you
have.
MAUD S.— You should have sent both of
your hands' fingers as well as palms.
MRS. H. M. W., Petaluma— You are a
practical, painstaking, energetic woman.
You have had all sorts of difficulties, legal
and otherwise, during your life. You
have had sickness and sorrow of all kinds
enough to craze a less courageous person.
A great loss between 45 and 50.
MISS LORENIA V., San Luis Obispo—
You would make a good schoolteacher.
You are forceful and have good govern
ment. You will make money if you will
avail yourself of every opportunity to
MISS BELLE MAHONE. San Luis
Cisco— Charles Frieke, Mis 3 Charlotte
Fricke. Mrs. Judge Louderback, Miss
Anna L. Stone, Max L. Rosenberg, Adolph
Rosenberg, H. C. Allen, James Ludlow,
Mrs. M. A. Taylor, L. B. MerteTi. K. Vat
son, Mrs. de St. Germain. Mrs. W. Mooser,
Otto Luhn and wife, Mrs. Louderback,
W. E. Wright. Herbert F. Mann, Pro
fesor D. L. Ventura, J. W. Mullin, Mrs.
L. Rosenberg. Miss Oppenheimer, Amby
Buckley, W. A. Landry. Latham McMul
lin, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Wright. Mlsa
Helen Wright, Master Harvey Wright.
Louis Felix Raynaud and wife, Mr. anu
Mrs. 1,. W. Harpham. E. E. Drake, Dr.
T Coulson F. G. Hinde Bowker, Dr.
Gustav Rietzke, J. Fuendelingr. D.D.;
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Page, Mr. and
Mrs. George M. Franks, Miss C ecil
Carter, Mr. and Mrs. Marcus,
H. P. Cottingham, Mr. and Mrs. \V . P.
Harrison. Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Wooster,
Mrs. F. G. Hinde. Vancouver; Miss Amy
Denmark, Vancouver: Mrs. A. C. Sm'th,
Mr and Mrs. F. F. Barbour, Palo Alto:
Mr. and Mrs. W. Hughson. Mr. and Mrs.
L. C. Dodge, San Rafael: Mr. and Mrs. F.
J. Batchelor, Miss Roxy Batchelor. M. A.
Leach. H. Sarsfield, Oroville; Mr. and
Mrs. G. W. Emmons, Alameda; and J. E.
Manlove, Sacramento.
At Hotel Mount View, Ross Valley, the
guests nre arriving daily and the hotel
promises to be filled before long. Thurs
day evening a progressive euchre party
was given in the parlors of the hotel,
which proved a very enjoyable affair. Mrs.
George Franks and Mrs. •M. A. Taylor
won the ladies' prizes and F. B. Merten
and S. Marcus carried off the honors f. .r
the gentlemen. The notel this year has
been made more attractive than ever.
Music and a new billiard table are two
new features.
The following guests registered at
Camp Taylor during the past w#ek. Fmrn
San Francisco— L. J. Haaf. O. T. Roberta
and wife, S. P. Bartley and wife, G. B.
Burdick, S. P. Blumenberg and son, F. S.
Grey and wife, W. S. Taylor, J. Oscar
! Crossley, J. L. Holland. J. W. Cuthbert,
J. H. Blewett, Harry Meyer, Mrs. Eg
gert, Percy Beamish and wife, J. B. Gar
land and wife, Mrs. A. C. Smith. George
H. Knight and wife. Miss Marge Hallack,
C. G. Gilbert, Arthur Hufferdice, J. Moul
ton, George D. Zeh, Frank Roach and
family, W. E. Stevens and family, L. Os
j born." wife and children: E. W. Arm
strong. Mrs. J. F. Halloran. From Oak
land— E. Warren. Frank Avers. Everett
DowdHl, George McDonald. J. T. McDon
ald W. H. Irwin, Miss Irwin. Miss de
Bock. F. M. Caffell, P. C. Black and I.
Bernstein.
Among the guests at Duncan Springs,
Mondooino County, are: From San Fran
cisco—C. Herrmann, Dr. and Mrs. Bat
telle, son and maid, Mr. and Mrs. F. -A.
Colley and child, Mr. and Mrs. S. Kelley
and granddaughter. Miss Jones, J. Col
lins, S. B. Blake. M. Redmond, J. M. Kel
ley, James Marshall, J. Brown, Mrs.
Henry Boyd, Miss Elsie E. Boyd,
Miss Asn'es E. Boyd. Mrs. El
len C Sargent. Miss Elizabeth Sar
gent. Jessie and Martie Montgomery and
maid. Miss Catherine Green. Mrs. C. J.
Parsons and C. Kelb. From Santa Rosa—
H. White and W. Whitney.
Following are the arrivals at Paraiso
Springs for the past week: Miss M. L.
Fruhling. Larks >fest; T. H. Goodman.
Palo Alto; O. S. Tuttle and daughter.
Watsonvjlle; Mrs. Wessie Katzenstein,
Spokane; Miss Anita Storm. Salinas: ftflss
F. Melander. Miss M. Melander. R. R.
Allen. Mr. and Mrs. C. Melander, Kings
city. H. N. Tracy. San Francisco; C. H.
Miller, Oakland: S. J. Kitzmiller, W. H.
Bingaman, Soledad; George J. Caddy,
| Thomas Caddy. Watsonville: T. J. Fields,
Monterey; H. G. Playfair. Mr. and Mrs.
| James Turner, San Francisco.
The following guests have registered at
| Gilroy Hot Springs during the
t Obispo— You have a philosophical nature.
| Ycu lik.e to investigate every new idea.
You are timid and fear that' your fortune
may not turn out as you desire. You
must clutivato more trust.
MISS THEODORIA H.— You will marry
twice. Your first husband will die. leav
! ing you some money— enough to live com
, fortably upon until your second marriags.
to a han much older than yourself. You
will live to a good old age.
MASTER G. C. 8., San Jose— This young
man lias a bright future before' him; he
I will bo assisted by relatives in early life,
I but will by the time he is 2S he in busi
ness for himself and making money.
MISS B. D.. P.jtaluma— You are a close
careful calculator, and like Martha of
old "are careful and troubled about many
things." You have never had perfect
health and much of your difficulty is due
to the disappointments you have had.
MRS. R. E. 8., San Jose— You are an
Impulsive nature: cannot endure restraint
or dictation. There is an important
change marked on your life line at 25.
You will marry twice— long life. Good
fortune will come through a child.
MISS MAGGIE MAY— The harmony of
your early life will be interfered with by
relatives. You are energetic and forceful,
and people are prone to impose upon you
and make you shoulder more than your
share of the burdens. You will marry
the great love of your life.
TOPSY TURVY— You are of a trust
ful confiding nature, pure in thoughts
and life. Will marry early and be de
voted to your home and children.
QENGENIE MARTIN, San Jose— You
are rather selfish and exacting of jttiose
you care for. Your life will be rather
uneventful. You will have a love affair
before 20 which will be broken off. Unless
you take care of your health you will
not reach old age..
MISS D. VOLQUARDSEN, Skellville—
A hard-working, thrifty nature, one who
could hold her own under all circumstan
ces. Thoroughly material, yet a bit super
stitious about some things. Close In
money matters. A large. Intense woman.
MRS. DAN H., Chlco— Your relatives,
have been the bane of your existence.
You have always been active in church
work, but are inclined to be too dogmatic
and dictatorial.
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE-You are
an extremist, fond of the beautiful things
of the world and determined to possess
your share of its treasures. You should
have musical talent with a hand like
yours.
A. VOLQUARDSEN- This is the hand
of a phlegmatic individual, who does not
past week: F. Schussler, Jacques
Levy, M. M. Batt. Mrs. J. Batt,.
Mrs. B. Levy, Mrs. S. Milier, Frank W.
Halley. Charles Cleve. James Melville, J.
Levi, Miss Louisa Kemriie, San Francis
co; James E. Kannely and wife. Miss Nel
lie Kannely, Mrs. James Barasch, John
A. Laird, Joseph Princevalle, C. Pollard,
S. Hooper, Gilroy; George B. Roop Santa
Clara; L. J. Fehrn, St. Louis, Mo.; J. S.
Doyle. San Mateo; Captain P. Hansen,
Manila; J. G. Jensen, Oakland; Miss Mol
lie Pyatt. San Jose.
Following are the arrivals at Byron Hot
Springs during the week: From San Fran- j
Cisco— J. H. Lawrence, John McCarthy.
Miss Katie Lynch. Mrs. A. M. Scott, Mr?
J. Clarey, J.R. Wright, Mrs. Ella Cor- I
bett. Mrs. H. Dunlapp. N. O. Neary. R |
H. Carr. wife and daughter; William G
Borgfeldt. From Oakland— James L. Me-
Carthy and S Barron. From Fresno— J
B. Henderson and Eli Henderson. From i
MarysviHe— J. Sieber, Mrs. C. Mayer and I
child. F. C. Hatch, New York City; John
Burk, Port Costa; Manuel Saosa, Rodeo: j
G. B. Schutto, Vancouver.
The following guests registered at Glen
wood. Cal.. during the past, week: From
San Francisco— Ed R. Galland, Leopok:
Hirsch, S. Reiss, N. Cahn, F. Block. C. J
Stovel, Mrs. E. Wolfe, Miss Evelyn Wolfe
Dr. W. J. A. Lawton. B. Reiss. Mts?-
Jeanne Block, Miss Flora Reiss, Mr. and
Mrs. G. A. Schultz, Master Lloyd Schultz
and Mrs. H. C. Shook.
The following guests registered at Ken-
Uworth Inn. Mill Valley, during the past (
week: W. J. O'Connor, J. L. Schorr. .* I
T. Berry, S. Blumonthal, Henry Wise;
and wife. Miss Wise, Mrs. Albrecht. Cap
tain and Mrs. Buhner, U. S. S. Thetis. San
Francisco; T. P. Strong and wife, A.
Steam, Oakland; Mrs. W. S. Wattles.
Mrs. W, I?. Beabury, Berkeley; Miss T.
M. Buttner, Sunol; Mrs. O. M. Church.
Brooklyn. N.Y.; and Mrs. George Baker,
Danville, Canada.
The week's arrivals at Highland Springs
were: John H. Klein, Miss Lacay. F. C.
Morgan, M. E. Tobin and wife, William A.
Plunkett, Miss Cunningham. William
Kearney, Daniel Kearney, A. F. Firmer,
C. L. Lnthrop. Edward L. Baldwin, wife
and child. S. S. Green. B. Tannebaum. F.
Herman. C. O. Bishop, San Francisco;
Miss C. Phelps Stokes, Miss L. Johnson,
New York; Miss V. L. Mitchell, Charles
town, W. Va.; John J. Hanley and son,
J. F. Deninzer. Vallejo; Martin Winch,
Portland, Or.; G. W. Myers, L. Cook, F.
N. Loring, F. B. Rus.seH. R. A. Redpath.
Lakeport; and A. W. Baker Jr., Oakland.
The following people registered at Seig
ler Springs Hotel this week: From San
Francisco— F. C. Moraran, W. P. McFane,
E. H. Morgan, Sam ». Green. C. W. Ba
ker and wife, John P. Buckwedel, C. J.
MeGovern. M. D. Sissener, F. Conway;
Sam Slavin. Woodland; J. S. Reed, Ukiah;
Gforge A. Fraters, Berkeley; J. C. Mar
tin, Oakland.
Among the late arrivals at Santa Cata
lina Island are: George H. Wallis, T. C.
Hampton and wife, Oakland; E. J. Platt
and wife, Miss Viola Raphan and George
W. Hall.
* * *
Miss Ella R. Garratt of Dutch Flat left
'for Dawson City via Seattle. Skaguay and
White Pass on the 22d inst. Her father has
a claim thirty-six miles out of Dawson
He and her mother will meet her at the
latter place. She will be gone a year or
more.
Mrs. J. Hoffman of Marysville is visit
ing her children at 1074 Twelfth street.
Oakland. She 'will be plesaed to see her
friends on Thursdays.
In Golden Gate Hall on last Thursday
evening the class of '99 of the Irving In
stitute received their diplomas after a
most enjoyable programme of essays and
music. Bishop -Moreland presented the
diplomas. The class consisted of Miss
Helen Brown. Miss Blanche Mac Doane,
Mis? Mary Ida Downing, Miss Jeannette
Glllis, Miss Mary Aura, Mlbs Lea Hall.
Miss Ethel Anita Hendy. Miss Elvira
Wormwood Hobbs, Miss Gertrude Eliza
beth Kennedy, Miss Maude Adelaide Mac-
Call. Miss Edna Joy Martin, Miss Leila
Willett McDermott, Miae Lydla Marie
Miller and Miss Eleanor Dyke Soper.
Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Splivalo entertained
a number of friends at dinner on Wednes
day evening, May 24, at their home on
Washington street, the occasion being the
anniversary of their wedding. Those
seated at the table besides the host and
hostess were: Mr. and Mrs. L. Phillips,
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Tierney. Dr. and Mrs.
Reger»sbureer. Mrs. E. Danglada, Mrs.
Portener. Mrs. Wiss, Mrs. A. de St. Ger
main, Miss Splivalo. Miss C. Ricketson,
Miss Roslyn Spllvalo, Miss Anna Keane,
Mlhs Estelle Splivalo. George Carson.- L.
Antnldl. P. Luce. L. G. Salomon. L. Dan
clada. Mr. Morphy, Dr. Barsotti, Will
Jhe Qlory of the WKite JMarVs Burden.
By firoclia Woodward Truesdell
71 YE, take the "White Man's Burden,"
CjL And glory in the place
Mutations of strange peoples
Have thrust upon your race;
Reck not the price it costs ye,
Thought be "the best ye breed,"
For Freedom is no phantasm,
Nor Liberty mere creed.
Strong in the "White Man's Burden,"
Grand in your brawn and pride.
Ye have the mighty nerve power
'In patience to abide."
Rich generations gave ye
The brain to think and plan;
Gtudge not the aeons' blessings
To the "child-devil" man.
Revere the "White Man's Burden,'* '
To break the iron rod;
To loose the superstitions
Which make of man a clod;
Cleave prison walls of ignorance,
The former centuries' dower.
Let in the light of knowledge,
Though blows seem cruel power.
Yield not the "White Man's Burden,"
Good work for others wrought
Toward high civilization,
"The end for others sought";
The best accepted service
Upon life's altar laid
Is sacrifice for others
In willing offering made.
Scorn not the "White Man's Burden,"
E'en "serf and sweeper toil,"
Nor fear that "heathen folly"
Your labors shall despoil;
believe in courting trouble nor crossing
a bridge until he comes to it." He is
generous and free-hearted and vould have
been much more so if there had not been
a strong influence to balance this ten
dency.
McGINNIS. Yolo County— You have I
been energetic and tireless In your efforts
but li^Lve not made much money. You will
make your stake in mines. You are too
openhanded and free with your friends.
You and your money are soon parted.
JAMES D., Honolulu— Your life has
been almost tragic in Its unfortunate
events. You will have more peace of j
mind on your second marriage.
ANITA L. — Yours has and will be an I
eventful life. Your nature is tempestuous |
and brings corresponding conditions. You
will have three strong attachments in !
your life; two ef the individuals will fall
far below yorfr expectations.
IDA, 407— You are Irritable and quick I
tempered. Will not allow any one to im- j
pose upon you. You would make a good j
bookkeeper. One marriage at 32. No
sickness.
MRS. 8., Petaluma— You are a charita- j
ble, loving friend, always the first to as
sist in times of sickness or sorrow. You
married an c-isy-going, rather indolent,
selfish man. Your domestic life has not I
been as it might have been.
C. A. 8., Los Gatos— This is the hand \
of a man of health and strength, but
weak mentality. You are far too fond of
liquor for your own good. One marriage, j
B. P. WRJEN, Tacoma— l fear your im- j
■pressions must have been lost. Send \
again and you shall hear from them.
MARK M.. Visalia— You are a man of i
power and a public-spirited, energetic
person, but must lead or create trouble, i
You are happily married. Will have long
life.
JOHN FRANCES— Business ability,
practical and methodical. Like wine, you'
improve with age. Very keen observer,
•fond of the opposite sex. Sunny disposition
and very imaginative. You will come
near yet escape accidents and dangers.
You have a tendency to grow stout and
to have trouble with your legs. You "will
have an out-of-door existence,' which you j
require for your health. Brain power
good— combative, argumentative and de
ceptive. Money matters all right.
MISS E. SANTA— Heart line is too deep
and you won't listen to advice. You leave
old friends for the new. Reckless and in
different. Going to have a strange life,
many changes which you voluntarily
seek. You had better settle down or you
will regret your folly. You spoil your
Griffin, Dr. Pescia. Mr. Ricketson, A. D.
Splivalo Jr., Mr. Noe.and Ed Splivalo.
The Dewey Club of the.Potfefo was or
ganized last Thursday evening for social
and athletic purposes. Sixty-eight mem
bers have already signed the roll. The
following are named as officers: ' Presi
dent. Louis Scharetg; vice president. Emu A
Mom; • secretary, Charles McLaughlm;
treasurer. Charles Zahn; sergeant at
arms. William P. RHey; directors— "Wil- *
liam B. Huddy, Joseph Rittler, William
Carr. Gus Linehan and Martin Duddy.
Chin Kui. senior member of one of the
most prominent Chinese firms in the city.
Sum Kan Wan & Co.. celebrated the birth
ol a son in his family by giving a grand
banquet in the Hang Fer Low restaurant
on Thursday -evening last. It is custom
try among the higher class of Chinese to
celebrate* the birth of a boy when he is
one month old. About 160 invited guests
were present at the onertainment, includ
ing some of the most prominent Chinese
merchants in the city, and about thirty
Americans, with whom he has business
relations, some of whom were accompan
ied by their wives and families. '•..-' *
Among the large number of Americans
•.ho were present at the banquet or who
:aid a visit to the happy father during
he evening were: Mrs. D. J. O'Leary,
Mrs. A. Waters, Mrs. Getz and daughter,
Mrs. J. Tape, Mrs. E. Wilson, Mrs. Wade.
Miss Florence Walsh. Miss Effle Hogan,
Captain Sam J. Ruddell, Daniel O'Calla
arhan, S. Getz, Dr. D. E. F. Easton, D. J.
O'Loary. George Branch. William A. Wa
ters, Joseph Tape. Many presents were
left for the new-born Chinese-American
little one.
The reported" engagement of Miss May
Murphy to Frank J. Dougherty is au
thoritatively denied.
The Hebrew Ladies' Endeavor Society
of Alameda will give a vaudeville and
dance on June 28 for the benefit of .the
charity fund of the society.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Camp will hold a re
ception at their Tesidence, $69 Twelfth
street, Oakland, this evening between the
hours of 2 and 5, in honor of their son.
Mervyn, who will be confirmed May -7
at the First Hebrew Congregational
Church of Oakland. ' M
The first annual meeting of the Golden
Gate Outing Club .will be held in Lark
spur on Sunday, June 4.
Invitations to the wedding of Miss
Renee Manfred Roth and Manfred Brand
enstein have been issued to the family
and to a few intimate friends of the
young couple. The wedding will take
place at high noon on June 1, in the JNiapie
room of the Palace Hotel. .
Herman Heyneman and Miss Dorothy
Hevneman left recently for an extended
Eastern trip. They will visit the moun
tains and seaside resorts, as well as
Washington. D. C, and other cities
Mr and Mrs. M. G. Tonint. have re
turned from a short trip to Chicago and
N Mr Y M k M. Kahn has discontinued her
day at. home during the |" am f^ tn . Tlt^ a
Miss Louise Faust and Miss Antoinette
Schollehom of Alameda are spending a
few weeks in Napa. - r^iifornla
Mrs J. Bamberger of 1.13 California
street is visiting relatives and friends in
Southern California. „>,♦-. Ml«s
Jacob Goldstone and daughter. r Miss
Esther B. Goldstone. have left for Con
gress Springs to spend their summer va-
C M?"- William Samuel of 1538 Jackson.
street will be pleased to see her friends
on the last Tuesday of each month.
Announcement is made o^ engage
ment of Miss May Alice Levy to P. A.
K lKl^i iS re&on -as given last
Wednesday evening to Mr. and Mrs. Oli
ver S. Hobart of Deadwood. T™ I ' 4 *.^?"/}
tv Cal by her sister. Mrs. Charles M
Janes at her evening, was spent in
street A merry evening was spent in.
I dancing and the following enjoyable pro
-1 gramme was rendered: Song by Mrs
Ireu-nnel recitation by Miss Hayes^
piano solo. Miss Eunice Janes.. 1 nose
present were: Mr. and Mrs. M. Her
minez Mrs. John Dougherty. Mrs. Thom
fs Tryon Mrs. Bretonnel, Miss Lou
Have* Miss O. Turee. Miss L Hendry.
Mfs y s Mabel Flack, Miss Edna Kaufman,
the Misses Eunice. Carrie and Hattle
Janes Fred McQreeor, Fred Brown. W.ll
Baker Arthur Suyden Theodore Forbes,
Fred Serkes. Will Ryfkogel. William H.
Janes. B. Harmon and Mr. and Mrs.
C Th Mayfl J ow n e e r-Club will give its first
I dance at Twin Peaks Hall Seventeenth
I and Noe streets. Tuesday. May 30. fifth
! Brand. Lorelv at Wells Hall gave Thursday
; -rand social at Wells Hall on Thursday
I evening, and it was well attended.
Of many million seedlets
Which Nature brings to birth.
Enough shall reach fruition
To fructify the earth.
Dread not the "White Man's Burden,"
God's prophet felt its stress.
The murmur of weak Israel
Still in the wilderness;
Th' advance of "sullen peoples"
Through Freedom's promised yeara
Shall edge with ke«n approval
"The judgment of your peers."
Hold fast the "White Man's Burden,'"
With strong, enduring might;
Sustain your nation's purpose
To build upon the right,
A. government whose blessing
Those "fluttered folk" will know
When they behold their country
To modern measure grow. 
Accept the "White Man's Burden,"
As duty's master stroke.
The freeman's high ideal
"Your weariness shall cloak,"
And know your God shall show It
To those who give ye jeers,
There is a verdict higher
Than "judgment of your peers."
Then hail the "White Man's Burden,'*
Thank God it was to ye
The holy trust was given
To raise the banner free;
Bear it, though some at present
• Should grudge the patriot's meed;
But Freedom is no phantasm.
Nor Liberty mere creed 1
PALMISTRY.
good-heartedness by impulsive foolish
ness. You will look for peace and find
war. You come of religious people, but
throw it to the winds yourself. You are
fond of gayety and would make a splen
did danseuse. Will marry twice and
young.
MRS C. SANTA— Very spirituelle hand,
very domestic, affectionate and changing.
Very lovable disposition, but inclined to
be very superstitious. Not much business
capacity. You have had too much faith
in others and have never received an
equivalent. In every way your ideas are
progressive. Will die far from your own
home. Have been very unlucky and un
fortunate. Very emotional, conscientious
and musical, especially string- instru
ments. Happiest days of your life mingled
with sorrow, death and losses have passed;,
Your family is scattered. You will be in
dependent of every one and will look out
for yourself until the last. You have a
great deal to do in family matters.
MRS. J. Very delicate life line. R*,
sponslve and sensitive, refined nature,
Great observation, charitable. Money en
tanglements that are disastrous ar©
marked on your hand. Avoid stocks, lot
tery and gambling. Feet will trouble you.
and inclined to, stoutness. -Improvement
mentally and physically if you have men
tal occupation. You must have it if you
would keep, your powers. . Lovable dis
position and high strung disposition, gov
erned too much X>y heart influences.
. MRS. PETE, San Luis Obispo-rYour
hand has widowhood marked. You aro
very domestic, have a 'lovable disposiition.
and your imagination is a, great comfort
to you. You have had many quarrels
with your relatives. You are artistic and
show love for pets and flowers. No ppv
erty mark in your hand, but in later life
will be alone and a widow. . You will- bo
interested in charity and arts. You will
never want for friends, but your hand
shows a broken heart and a great sacri
fice on your part. Be more cheerful and
comfort will come to you.
MRS. MAY, Irvington— Your life Una
shows an early marriage and that you
have been very unselfish. Have had dis
appointments, but have a great deal to
live for. Ambitious, hopeful yet, secretive,
positive "and loving and lovable character.
NervoHS - and changing moods. , Standing
in friendship so high that few approxi
mate it. '- Excellent judgment, intuitive,
active and susceptible. Great imagina
tion. •• ■ '
• ♦ ■
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. Germain,
scientific palmist; reading, by mail, $1. 614
Geary Bt., above Jones, Telephone Hyde 282 L.BEAUTY
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene or proper living. If any on: desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as maLy questions as you please and sign
y name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Weekly Call, San Francisco, Cal.
oT rests almost entirely with the moth-
I ers of to-day whether the women of
the next generation shall be a sturdy,
strong and handsome race of pettl
<li coated creatures or a stoor.-shoul
: nervous, unattractive collection of
femininity. For it has been stated, and
that to be a beauty one must begin
with one's grandmother.
It is so much easier to lend a helping
hand to nature in the development of
■ looks during childhood and youth
than to correct her mistakes later in life.
The body as well as the mind is most
tic during one's early years, and can.
1 believe, by proper care and training, be
molded Into an object passing fair to look
upon. What a priceless boon it is for a
girl to be beautiful, and— for the matter
of that— for a boj to be handsome, and if.
■ gift Of go ■■! iOOkS is added health
• and strength <>f limb, on<
■ here is little left to ask for. These
Ings are not altogether fairy gifts.
<-.\ . r to confer or withhold them
is in mo~i cases chiefly vested In the
hands of the mother. How many of us
.o\v suf!'-Ti:'K from some beauty ill
that we feel migli; have been avoided by
a.llttJ ■ details that are
i onsideri ■■ tial?
Haven't you walked along the street
arid met an otherwise pretty child whose
Tarn o' Shanter was pulled down to its
3( iimiT. pushing the child's ears out
until they looked iik" miniature steam
boat funnels -. a little girl with her
braided Into two eraa
g of about seven
- each and tied up with a scrap of
I ribbon? Don't you suppose those
Iren will ■ ' life nursing a
long grudge against the one
r. neglected
l f s •■■'• ds? I know they will.
nothem. buckle on your armor and
■ ducation of your ehll
- veil "as to their Intellectual train
w ■"..■!! they are grown they
rid reproach you for early
ire the most important.
strawberries and cream
itly healthy child
Ins to tarnish and fade at
..:.•. It is then that it
■ i on. Unless the child
Is ke -• scrupulously clean H'-' 1 skin will
• \ ; and large and dust
- will be the Inevitable result.
X>- es the complexion so soon
■ : . it is not necessary to
asionally on a child's
■'; <-;oth and mop
the skin Is
■ i about the better.
• Is properly clothed and.
r doors as much as possible, who is
■ i to nibble at unwholesome
• up iate at night is the
: a good foundation for
I I 'uring tho sum
lld's Face from the
rays of old Sol with a wide
tton sunbonnet If af
• -.- walk under a summi r sun the
ed 11 dusty, it can be
■ ider flower w I i
are the teeth. It is
issert themselves
■•..-■ \ cry special at
;:d them during their
unel is very delicate at
I tooth brush should be
avoided, but the little tooth should be
carefully brushed at least once «i day with
v soft brush of badger's hair. If the sec
inil teeth appear unevenly they should be
pressed frequently into their proper po
uition.
A child's hair, to oe line and even, must
l.'o carefully tended. in infancy the head
should be washed dally with a little cas
tilo soaj> nd warm water. Once a week
a little sweet oil should be rubbed on the
scalp and every particle of dust carefully
removed. Regular brushing will invig
•uate the growth of the hair and bring
out the silkiness of the wildest, wiriest
K>rt. Then, v.hen baby gets to be a big
pirl and wears frocks with beautiful ruf
fles and ribbons, she must have her week
ly shampoo, a daily brushing and the
• ■rids of her hair must be kept carefully
trimmed. . .
When children are quite young the
Hngth and luxuriance of their eyelashes
may be increased by carefully clipping the
points every two or three months. The
greatest possible precaution l.iust be
taken in pei forming tnis at lon. as the
slightest move on ths part of the child
or the least unsteadiness of hand might
result in lifelong injury to the eye. The
eyebrows can be trained with a tiny soft
brush and if a child's nose has a tendency
t< become "tiptilted -ike the petals of a
r"se" or unduly broad at the base it may
be pinched or smoothed into better shape.
Much may be done for outstanding ears
by keeping them constantly pushed back'
close to the ad.
Answers to Correspor)der)ts.
PUZZLED ONE— The prepared cream
you mention contains, 1 think, a small
quantity of corrosive sublimate. It acts
d< lightfully with some skins. Whether it
would agree with yours or not of course I
could not possibly say. The only way you
could tell would l>e to experiment with it.
1 myself would prefer to use a little pure
lemon juice in connection with a home
mride cold cream.
ROLY POLY— If you will send me a
stamped addressed envelope .1 will tell
you where you can get the complexion
brush. Am pleased that you have found
the orange flower skin food a source of
such delight.
NORA BRADFORD— am sorry I could
not reply by mail, as you requested : .but
you did not Inclose a stamp, and besides
I only answer through the paper unless
it is to give an address or other informa
tion' that cannot be printed in these col
umns. The moles can be removed with
acetic acid. Dip the end of a wooden
toothpick in the acid and with it touch
the center of the mole. Make an appli
cation each night for three nights, then
lei it alone. A scab will form, which in
the arse of a couple of weeks will drop
nff, Icing the mole with it. Care must
be taken not to get the acid on any of
the white skin surrounding the mole, else
a scar will result. There "is nothing
better than sweet cream to remove sun
burn. •
B. BRUNETTE— Buttermilk is a sim
ple and excellent remedy for the removal
of tan. If this is not available, then use
lemon Juice, following its application with
I n am to allay irrita
tion. Cucumber cream will whiten the
kin nicely. Here is the formula: One
■iond ofl, one ounce green oil,
•nil . s Juice of cucumbers, one ounce
v.!;ii' wax, one ounce spermaceti, two
• &of cucumber. Get the cu
cumber juiei- )>y .slicing the cucumbers,
boiling in a. little water and
Ing carefully. The essence la made
bj mixing the juice with equal parts of
alcohol.
.M'USTTXA G.— The condition of your
husbanS's scalp Indicates some .skin or
Ini. rr.:«! trouble, In either case I should
advise him to consult ;i specialist. When
Di-- spots take on that shiny appearance
there is vrry little hope for coaxing; the
hair to grow in again. However you
mipht try rubbing the spots nipht and
n rnlng with a little oil of turpentine.
This will sometimes induce a downy
growth. It really would not be worth
•while for you to attempt to make your
own eau de cologne The home-made
le is seldom satisfactory and there
is such a small quantity called for in the
hair tonic that It would pay you better
to purcha?" it already prepared of the
drupgist. I can suggest no other treat
ment for the nails than to soak them in
warm olive oil.
i V.MiiKl-INH— Send me a stamped ad
. .1 envelope and I will send you the
address "f some one who will remove the
I for you without the slightest dan
ger
\< ;XKS— Look to your dipestion, my ltt
rl if you wish to have a skin of
unblemished loveliness. Pass the candy
and Ice cream sod* water alonp to the
Kill you hate, ami lot your diet be con
: to good, plain. nourishinK food,
crisp naiads and plenty of fruit.
Avoid rich. creasy foods of all descrip
tions. pastrlePand sweets. If the erup
tlons are the kind that come to a tiny
L white head, open them carefully with a
> ■ n< edle and press out the contents,
hen apply a healing lotion, such as lte
terine diluted in three times as much
boiled water, or a little tincture of myrrh.
A paste made of Hour of sulphur and
spirits of camphor will chase away ter
n■■ My almost any sort of pimj)le. Bath
listf the dark circles about the eyes with
iiluted witchhazel will often do away.,
Mine. Hygeia Tells
How to Preserve
the Complexion.
with them. B. Brunette also asked for
a remedy for tan. Please read what I
have said to her. A shampoo made by
beating up the yolks of two eggs and
combining with one ounce of rosemary
spirits and one pint of distilled water is
excellent when one is troubled with dan
druff. Be sure and rinse carefully in sev
eral clear waters.
MARGARET EASTER-I think the or
ange (lower skin food Is Just what your
skin needs. The formula is: Spermaceti,
one-half ounce: refined white wax. one
half ounce: sweet almond oil. one ounce;
lanolin, one ounce; eocoanut oil. on>>
ounce; simple tincture of benzoin, ten
drops; orange flower water, one ounce.
Melt the first five ingredients in a porce
lain kettle. Take from the lire and add
the benzoin and the orange flower water
beating it with an egg beater until cold
You can smear a bit of this over your
face and cover with a coating of ' rice
powder before going out Into the wind or
sun. As far as T ran teH. your powder is
all right. You can eat almost any kind
(if food without Injury to the complexion
except that which is highly seasoned or
greasy. Avoid pastries and sweets and
pin your faith to fresh, crisp salads veg
etables and fruit. Above all things, take
plenty of exercise out of doors, don't neg
lect the daily tepid spong,. bath and a
■SOME OF THE VERY LATEST NEGLIGEE GOWNS AND HOW THEY LOOK ON LEILA ELLIS OF THE COLUHBIA THEATER
hot bath twice a week with lots of cas.
tile soap and a good, firm flesh brush.
MRS. T. . B.— Anoint the child's scalp
with olive oil for three successive days.
On the fourth day wash the head thor
oughly with castile soap. and a little bo
rax. Then apply nightly to the. scalp the
following lotion: Fortyeight grains res
orcin; one- fourth .ounce glycerin, and al
cohol sufficient to Jill a two-ounce bottle.
Continue this treatment for a fortnight
and then again anoint with the olive oil
and proceed in the same manner. In about
six weeks, the scalp should be clean and
healthy. ». !
MAGNET— Your first question has been
answered several times in these columns
since your letter was written. I hope you
saw and were Informed. No, witch hazel
will not cause hair to grow. A few appli
cations of the peroxide of hydrogen will
lighten the hairs so as to make them
scarcely noticeable. The constant ap
plications of the ammonia will finally
deaden the little pests. I cannot say just
how long its use must be continued.
Trousseau, a celebrated French physi
cian, claimed that two grammes of bicar
bonate of soda taken at each meal would
reduce flesh. It will not injure the com
plexion. I prefer the white rose leaves
for the toilet vinegar. An excellent lo
tion for clearing the skin and refining
coarse pores Is made with: Five and a
half ounces elderflower water; one ounce
eau de cologne; one ounce fresh,- un
cooked cucumber juice, and one-half
ounce simple tincture of benzoin. Mix
the elderflower water and benzoin and let
them stand a few hours, then strain
through muslin. Mix the eau de cologne
arid cucumber juice, and then add the
other ingredients. Apply several ■ times
a day, letting It dry on the skin. As long
as the skin is kept in a state of perfect
cleanliness It doesn't really, matter
whether the bath is taken warm or cold,
as far as beauty is concerned. If you
are sufficiently robust to stand a cold
bath you will find it invigorating and
helpful. If not, then I should advise a
tepid bath. You will find the hot bath,
or vapor bath, most efficacious in reduc
ing flesh. The orange flower skin food
will fill out the hollows in the face.
I doubt if cutting the eyelashes will have
much effect upon the growth, save In 'the
case of very young children. A girl of
18 is usually considered a young lady, and
wears her dresses whatever length hap
pens to be the prevailing mode. '• A drop
of carbolic acid in the water is benefi
cial in case of an eruption, or irritation
of the skin. I do not happen to know of
any one who has used the electric roller,
so cannot vouch for Its efficacy. Yes, sul
phur vapor baths are excellent for clear
ing the complexion.
GIDDY— The last recipe that you saw
for making the cucumber milk is the bet
ter one. I find that in. using but two
ounces of the almond oil the milk is less
likely to separate. It probably will take
four or five good sized cucumbers to make
the quantity called for. Apply it with a
soft cloth or bit of absorbent cotton. No,
I do not know of anything that will
whiten the hands any more quickly than
lemon juice: ' Instead of : using glycerin
after the juice has dried on the skin rub
in cold cream. The cucumber milk will
whiten your skin nicely. You are a wise
llttlt! girl to have .decided against the
ai DORRIS Al J.— Use the following tonic
DORRIS A. J.— Tse the following tonic
on your too oily hair: One-half pint al
cohol one-half pint water, thirty grains
of quinine. Apply every other .night, rub
bing into the scalp. ' -
MARIETTA A.— Don t use vaseline on
the hair. It is very likely to darken it.
and besides •is , not particularly good for
the hair. It is the oil that you are using,
no doubt, that makes the little one s hair
hang in "strings" and is destroying the
natural curl. Try shampooing it with the
egg and ■■ rosemary spirits suggested in
foregoing reply to Agnes. Let me know
if this does not Improve the condition of
their hair. ' , "
A FRIEND— I could not conscientiously
recommend to my readers any remedy the
ingredients of which I do not know. Be
tides I am particularly skeptical on the
subject of so-called superfluous hair de
stroyers. < Why, the • man or woman , who
discovers a permanent remedy for su-
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
perfiuous hair will bo greater than was
Columbus. I am sorry. I should like to
help you If I could, but T have delved
I rather deeply into this subject and it ha?
yet to be demonstrated to me that the
I roots of the hair ran be destroyed with
out injury to the skin.
RAMONA S.— lt is customary to wear
deep mourning- for a parent for one year,
: and lighter mourning for another year.
However, as these matters are largely
governed nowadays by circumstances and
i one's feelings, I shouid advise you to use
. your own judgment as to just when a
touch of white might be added to your
costume.
AHAI.IXE- You can omit the castlle
soap When making the cucumber milk
if you wish, only I think you will find it
j more satisfactory if you make it exactly
according to directions. There is such a
very little of the soap that really I do
•link you will feel Its effect upon
your skin. _\s the cucumber juice could
not very well be incorporated in the cold
cream you mention, I would suggest t:i
your friend that she use the pure cucum
ber juice. Lei it dry on the skin and. then
use the cold cream. Or siv can make a
cucumber cream from the formula given
to-day in reply to B. Brunette. It would
be wise In putting up cucumber creams
■." add a small quantity of boraclc acid
to preserve it say about rive grains of
the acid to the ounce.
JAZZIE— It will be quite safe to hayethe
orange flower skin food prepared at a
first-class drugstore. If the olive oil lias
the desired effed l could not suggest any
thing better. Just as soon as that liti'le
trouble straightens itself out your skin
will surely improve.
NORWOOD— Glycerin, roscwater and
alcohol is not at all injurious to the skin
although you may find the alcohol a bit
drying. A little simple tincture of ben
zoin improves it. The proper proportions
MRS, BURTON HARRISON
IT almost looks as if the houses of the
beau monde had ceased to be homes.
Certainly this is beginning to be
the case in New York, where a
couple owning one of the beautiful
establishments uptown may often be
found in it only for a small part of
the winter season, and are then engaged
Jn a ceaseless round of giving and taking
entertainments to and from their friends.
Most of that set dine out five evenings of
the week, and on the sixth receive people
■in return. When the disposition of the.
! seventh evening comes under discussion,
; and there seems a reasonable prospect of
j a man having to spend it in unbroken
j communion with the partner of his joys,
j there is always the alternative of bring
ing together a few friends in the palm
garden of .a modish restaurant, or of the
la4y retiring to her bedroom, with a book
and a cup of tea, and sending her .husband
to his club.
The old-fashioned Darby and Joan tete-
I a-totes at dinner, with the children asleep
i in their cribs upstairs,, are so rare as to
hardly enter into consideration of fashion
able folk. When, by accident, these oc
j cur in the menage of industrious society
goers, with all the good will in the world
to profit by the opportunity, neither con
sort finds anything to say to the other.
The demands of so many dinners past has
pumped dry their supply of small talk.
They gaze at each other with somnambu
listic eyes and think how nice it would be
to meet "out" and feel" the impetus of
having to keep up.
Madame has an opportunity to observe
that her lord's hair needs cutting; he,
that her complexion is going a little "off."
Tin y feebly discuss the characteristics
and shortcomings of their respective fam
ilies, recall old friends who have been
neglected and ought to be "done" before
the season goes by. bring into review the
merits and demerits of the children, criti
cize their cook and dwindle, down to si
lence before the meal Is closed.
By the next evening they are quite
ready to begin going again after such a
refreshing rest.
Before Lent is half over it is discovered
that the nerves of the mistress of this
are: Rosewater. two ounces; alcohol,
one ounce; glycerin, one ounce; tincture
of benzoin, one-half ounce.. To whiten
the skin I know of nothing quite so lovely
as cucumber milk, which is not at all
difficult to compound. The formula is:
Two ounces oil of sweet almonds, ten
ounces fresh cucumber juice (boiled), one
fourth ounce powdered castile soap, dis
solved in three ounces of essence of cu
cumbers, and one-twentieth ounce tinc
ture of benzoin. The essence is obtained
by mixing one and a half ounces of al
cohol with one and a half ounces of the
cucumber juice.
Queer Wedding Customs.
In Turkey the bride stands behind a
screen during a part of the ceremony, and
is first seen at its conclusion. A Moorish
wedding is also a seven days' affair.
There is a clever custom sometimes fol
lowed in Persia. A crowd of young men
rush into the feasting crowd, capture the
guests and shut them up in a dark room.
'I hey pay ransom to get out, and the
money Is added to the bride's dowry, a
native way of enriching the young cou
ple.
Clocks of Bygone Days-
IN the town of Schramberg, in the
Black Forest district of Wurtemberg,
Germany, where fine of the chief in
dustries is that of clock making, there
has recently been established an interest
ing museum of timepieces. The collection
displays the gradual development in the
making of clocks tor many centuries.
Among the curiosities are many of
great historical value. There is an alarm
Clock constructed in the year 1680 for the
use of travelers. In form it resembles i
lantern, and the interior is designed to
hold a lighted candle.
The candle is slowly pushed upward by
a Bpring, which also controls the mechan
ism of the clock. At little pair of shears
• lips the wick of the candle automati
cally every minute to regulate its light.
The lantern is inclosed with movable
sides, so that the sleeper is not at first
disturbed by the presence of the light.
The alarm is set by inserting a peg
in the second dial plate. When the
quired hour arrives the alarm is sound
ed, ami at the same time the movable
Bides fall, Hooding the room with light.
Among the curiosities is a Japanese saw
clock. The dock itself produces the mo
tive power by descending a saw-franied
strip of metal, the teeth of which operate
tin- wheel of the clockwork. In another
Japanese clock the hand is attached to
.-\ weight, which- sinks once in twenty
four hours. The time is indicated by a
hand on the perpendicular scale.
Says There Is No More Home
Life in Fashionable
New York.
house— which has recently elicited the
best art of a famous architect, and been
fitted up with corresponding skill and
taste— are seriously strained. The din
ners are still going on, and' the glittering
vista of them extends until far into the
spring. The family physician, if he is a
wise man in his generation, declares that
nothing will remedy the lady's ills but
change of air and scene. " Thereupon
ensues a journey for the whole family,
the dinner engagements are all canceled,
numberless trunks are packed, the ser
vants remaining in the house are put
upon board wages and the green shades
in the windows are drawn down.
If the object of the exodus is within
the limits of our own continent, the grand
house on the avenue or east of the park
may be opened again for a IRtle while in
spring. But it is only while its owners
are passing through town on their way to
London and Paris before It is time to go
to Newport.
At Newport, Bar Harbor, Southamp
ton, Lenox, In a number of intermediate
resorts and localities, and on the Hud
son's banks, may be found what are
styled the summer "homes" of our typ
ical grandees.' When their owners take
possession of these for a brief portion of
the year, It Is with a pomp of installation
enlisting the services of twenty household
servants, as many horses, a string of car
riages and incidental impedimenta of
grooms and coachmen.
After the lodge gates of these beautiful
establishments are thrown open, the same
old round of visiting and receiving, din
ing, wining and dancing begins over
again. Add to this the care of house
parties!
Then the burden of young men, who are
like nails in the coffin of the anxious
hostess; the need of having several of
them stopping with her in order to make
the house party "go;" the growls of the
husband over her selection of such
guests; iiis enforced civility to some; the
free-and-easy manners of others; the pos
itively heartless way in which her most
desirable ones do not scruple to accept
outside Invitations and leave her. dinners
in the lurch!
rASHIONS
THE evolution of the negligee is as
interesting as it is instructive. The
negligee was once a "combing
jacket;" then it graduated into a
"matinee," and finally evoluted
into a "negligee."
Each of these transformations likewise
marks an epoch in society. In the "comb
ing- jacket" days we were a people with
simple tastes. Each bonny bride num
bered in her trousseau a half dozen
"combing jackets" made of tennis flan
nel and unadorned. Tneir use was exact
ly what their name signified— a jackei to
be warn when combing the hair.
When society began to put on frills the
"combing jacket? discarded its sim
plicity for furbelows. It crept out of its
chrysalis of tennis flannels into lawn and
: silk, ribbons and laces. It took unto itself
a new mime, the "matinee," borrowed
from la belle Parisienne, who had always
I worn these dainty little sacques.
From the "matinee" to the "negligee"
was but a short step. But the first negli
gees were not the "creations" that they
are nowadays. They were simple, loose,
wrapper-llki gowns, and not particularly
beautiful. The ne^li^ee of to-day is a
soft, shimmering affair, with billowy
laces and dainty ribbons. One must pos
sess a half dozen of these, going up the
Male beautiful until a "dream of loveli
ness" is reached, to be worn in the after
neon.
For be it known that it is now the
proper thing in New York to appear in
negligee from 2 until 4 in the afternoon
and to receive all visitors who come dur
um those two hours. The wave of Anglo
maniacism is responsible for this. Ii is
ilit tiling for our English cousins to puff
.■! cigarette and those who have adopted
this custom have likewise become addict
ed to the negligee. That is, they wear
them from 2 until 4. After that hour
The quarrels of servants, the airs of
governesses, the tantrums of tutors, the
accidents to horses, the failures of chefs,
the inconvenient minor maladies of child
hood that have a fatal way of inter
rupting the pleasures of their elders in
full swing! All of these drawbacks may
conspire against the full enjoyment of so
called home life in summer among our
rich and great.
And supposing that terrible woman
comes into the neighborhood with whom
one's husband set up a flirtation the sea
son before in town. Supposing one's
daughter or son of marriageable age has
taken a fancy to some detrimental person:
Supposing a mother-in-law arrives self
invited for a "good long visit to 'her dear
ones"— this or any other contingency of
like grewsome import— and pray what
comfort is there to the owner of a great
house and its appendages?
Little by little the home idea vanishes
out of a life cast into such a mold. With
the best intentions to guide them, what
chance has the people who are living it
to cultivate the humble hearthstone vir
tues that flourish best in a quiet, restful
atmosphere?
Their existence is like the ante-cham
ber of a sovereign— thronged from the
rising of the sun unto its going down with
courtiers who bow and bend and sa>
graceful nothings, yet are set upon fur
thering their own advancement and grati
fication.
The demand upon the means and time of
this variety of our citizens is incessant;
It Is impossible that theirs should be a
purely selfish career; they cannot, if they
would, get away from giving and con
tributing and working for schemes char
itable and humanitarian. But the rush of
It and the strain give them no moments
to call their own. And, indeed, the easi
est and commonest method of dealing
with the problem of home life seems to
be to get out of It for as long a space as
possible. A decade ago we would have
cried out upon such a state of things.
Now we accept it as the end of the cen
tury's immutable decree. — Mrs. Burtou
Harrison In World.
Dog Collar Belts Are
Coming for the
Sitrnmer Girl.
more formal visitors are received and
cigarette and negligee are likewise ta
booed.
There is a world of comfort to be had In
one of these gowns, nor does it follow
that one must indulge in fin de siecle ac
cessories when wearing them. Taking
mine ease in mine negligee is the delight
ful essence of rcstfulness.
Miss Leila Ellis, a San Francisco girl,
now playing with the Kelcey-Shannon
company, has some very beautiful negli
gees, as the accompanying photographs
will illustrate. They are not too elaborate,
yet have all that airy-fairy flufflness with
out which a negligee is a dismal failure.
A negligee need not be unduly expen
sive. Using inexpensive material one
could copy these gowns very effectively
and at a very small cost relatively.
The negligees take on two forms— the
petticoat and sacque, or the loose flowing
robe. The petticoat plays a leading role
with either of these. With the sacque it
divides the attention equally. With the
flowing gown it plays bopeep. But the
. glimpses of the petticoat must reveal a
bewitching combination' of lace and lawn
and baby ribbon.
Slippers and stockings are a serious
consideration with the negligee. They
must be exquisitely daint*- for though the
negligee is long, it is so constructed that
it falls apart, and the feet "like little mice
peep in and out." and if they are not
daintily shod the harmony is destroyed.
A dainty woman never looks as well in
, anything as in one of these negligees. Ii
is the half-concealing, half-revealing
charm of the gown that makes it so tan
talizirigly beautiful.
JDUMMER
Novelties.
MONO the novelties that will make
/Z-\\ their appearance on the summer girl
/I dog collar belts. They nre an
exact reproduction of the dog col
lars in genera] use. and fasten by means
of a small padlock and chain. This gives
the belt a very striking appearance. The
death of a very large pet dog gave its
owner the idea of wearing its handsome
belt as a memento of her affection for
him, and so this fashion came about.
Another new belt is the "Zaza." It is
mail.- to fold up. having hinges at the
sides instead of rings. It can be carried
easily in the handbag.
Among white belts is a new one. which
can be washed, and then there are golf
belts, with rings and straps, the rings
being gold-plated, and makes a very
handsonie article.
* • •
THE white veils now worn are in lace
hd tulle. with applications or irregu
lar designs in chenille, but the "der
nier cri" is a large veil in fine black
tulle, covered with designs, flowers or fo
liage, or closely spotted with black che
nille. The Parisiennes have a pretty way
or lifting up the veil in the center of the
border of the hat, where it is held down
by a pretty jeweled pin, writes a New
York girl from the gay foreign city of
fashion.
* * *
Fans were never more beautiful or
dainty than are those of this season.
No extremely large fans arc shown, and
the most favored of the medium and
small sizes arc those made of gauze, em
broidered and spangled, while there are
really lovely fans of white satin painted
in various artistic designs.
* ♦ ♦
CYRANO chains having had such a
success, Cyrano bracelets are now
being manufactured and sold. As
bracelets are coming into fashion,
these inexpensive little beads bid fair to
be much' worn this summer. They are
made in all colors-, both solid and hollow,
the prettiest being in white crystal. They
have pendants attached in heart or oval
shape, and the idea is still further car
ried out in neck chains, just large enough
to go around the neck. The imitation
pearl ones are the most popular, it seems
* • •
The new moire silks interwoven with
floral designs are as soft and pliable as
Oriental satin.
Velvet cord neck chains strung with
coral beads are one of the season's nov
elties.
A few yards of tulle, more yards of
fine wire and a bunch of flowers form a
good reel Ipl for a fashionable toque.
Simple enough in the abstract, yet no one
but the must artistic milliner can bring
anything like success out of this com
bination.
Making hat crowns of flowers is one of
the novel effects in millinery, but the lat
est form of vegetation used for this pur
pose Is moss, not artificial moss, but the
real thing.
Real lace wash veils are with us again.
The pretty borders are worn up. forming
a pretty trimming across the front of the
hat. It does not pay to get any but the
real, as no others will wash well, and the
best way of cleansing is to dissolve fine
soap shavings in hot water; let it cool to
a temperature la which the hands can be
comfortably placed. Shake and squeeze
lightly until cleaji; do not wring, but
rinse well in tepid water, and -while still
dripping spread carefully upon a window
or mirror. Smooth out every point of the
!s£? and strp tch it all perfectly straight.
AN hen dry your veil will be as crisp and
shapely as when new. Ironing makes
them soft and flimsy, and too much
stretching in the hands will pull them
crooked.
• • »
WHAT do you think was seen
the other day? A bonnet made
of paper money— or rather
trimmed with it. As if spring
bonnets didn't cost enough already! Why.
it's enough to make the tramps come off
the park benches and grab those struc
tures and go and buy sandwiches with
the trimmings.
The bonnet was pretty, too. Can you
imagine it? It was made first of all of
pale, whity grorn straw, interwoven with
pure white, and w;ts of a shade to har
monize particularly well with the bills,
as they come hot off the griddle.
The front of the odd thing was made of
wired $5 and $10 greenbacks, crisp fresh,
new, crinkling, and their erj^es were
trimmed further with soft, white narrow
lace. The aigrette that loomed out of the
narrow little headpiece was of white bob
bing feathers, and the twist that tied It
of money again. Unless you looked very
close you would not see that the bonne"t
was so constructed, so cleverly had the
trimmer done her work. Mrs. Croesus is
suited at last, one may infer from thi«
innovation.
$R?It>U?ITION
(JIFTS.
JUST now about the happiest girt
in the world is she who expects
to graduate this month or next.
She deserves her happiness, too,
for she has worked hard to win her lau
rels. Let us be careful to find out just
what gift would be most welcome on her
graduation day. and to keep our eyes
open for the prettiest of gowns.
Among gifts of jewelry the little gold
watch with its chain will always stand in
high favor. Cuff links of uncut opals
would be sure to please most girls. A
belt clasp or buckle of the new rose gold
would make an appropriate gift. The al
ways useful stickpin is popular with all
women. The articles <>f jewelry that
would please the girl graduate are end
less.
Another line of appropriate gifts is to
be found in pretty accessories for the
bedroom. For instance, a bureau set
of ivory with monogram in silver. An
outfit for a desk would also make an ex
cellent graduation present. Books with
pretty, dainty bindings are just the thing.
There are pictures innumerable which
would please the average girl.
If she is musical, a banjo, guitar or
mandolin would probably be very wel
come.
Under the head of useful presents would
come an umbrella, parasol, handkerchiefs
or a new dress.
Things in leather make nice gifts.
Among them a grip, traveling clock, cal
endar, pocketbook, cardcase or chate
laine bag, are all suitable for a young
girl. .
A. fan of gauze or silk, ornamented with
a water color or spangles, is always a
popular graduation gift.
On • all the momentous days of a
woman's existence she wears white
gowns, so do not succumb to any passing
notion that a pale blue or pink dress will
do to graduate in. If the gown is made
over a silk slip such materials as mull,
organdie and silk muslin are suitable.
China or India silk gowns are very grace
ful, and perhaps : more in the general
mode.
Where simplicity and a washable dress
are desired, the materials from which to
select are India linen. French nainsook,
Persian lawn, dimities and embroidered
Swisses. Any of these, trimmed with Val
enciennes lace, tucks and ribbons, makes
an ideal graduation gown.
— — — : ■ ♦ ■ -
A J^ep Ir\ o the Qould Nursery
THEY are delightfully interesting chil
dren, these little ones of George J.
Gould. An afternoon spent in their
playrooms in Georgian court, Lake
wood, the winter home of the family, has
left the happiest sort of impression on
my mind.
To be sure, there was rather a formida
ble array of governesses and white
aproned nurses in evidence, and the ex
quisite daintiness of the^ little girls' frocks
and boots made childish frolics quite an
impossibility. Yet they are gracious, af
fectionate little bodies, and must surely
develop into women of charm and beauty.
They have the same dark, glorious eyes
and hair that their mother has and a
grace of movement one rarely sees in
children.
Such playrooms as they have! The en
tir<- floor of one wing Is given over to
them, and there is no end to the pretty,
childish things that go to make it a per
fect fairyland. Little Marjory and Vivian
have dolls quite the size of real babies.
They were horn on Christmas eve. they
told me. and have just recently been put
in short clothes. Then there is Lady
Washington, with a most elaborate white
coiffure and long trailing' robes, besides
a dozen or more interesting specimens of
doll nature, both boys and girls. There
are the daintiest of canopied cradles for
them to lie in and exquisite carriages to
take the air in.
Marjory is just S years old and Vivian
6. They find giving home matinees about
as much fun as anything. The governess
plays the piano while they dance in and
out' between chairs and draperies. Some
times there is an audience, sometimes
there is not— though the entire family of
dolls invariably occupies the orchestra
chairs -or smiles down from the tier of
boxes arranged atop the piano and over
the window ledge.
Young George Jr., whose third birthday
has just gone by, has a playroom full of
imported animals and choo-choo cars, a
real engine pulls a half dozen coaches and
a trolley car, fitted with a gong and con
ductor's bell, bowls gayly along when his
chubby finger touches the button. He
does not like to have his picture taken,
and ran from our camera like a fright
ened rabbit.
Kingdon and Jay are 11 and in. They
are out of doors from early till late,
playing marbles, shinny and baseball.
They are quite clever at polo and have
some very handsome mounts.
All the 'children are fond of books and
music, their evenings being spent in lis
tening to French and German stories read
by their governess.
Qarder\ir\g Is Unhealthy.
r^\ ARDENING is generally considered
one of the healthiest of occupations,
Übut the German Gardeners' Associa
tion has issued a warning to those
who intend entering the industry. They cite
the fact th;it during the years JBB9 to 18OT
<>f the ™'l members of the association who
died iri Germany no fewer than 142 suc
cumbed to consumption and other affec
tions of the lunss.
"They say." said the shoe clerk
boarder, "that the severe cold has af
fected the corn."
"I presume," said the cheerful idiot,
"that its ears were frost bitten."—lndian
apolis Journal.
■ m ■
Justice of the Peace to bride's mother,
as the bridegroom hesitates with his
"yes"— Step a little further back, madam.
Toledo Bee.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
IJUIUffJV'UtfJ Is removed by DR. and MRS.
SfflSnKC*j«*P A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoa
raf*kJgSf«S building, 1170 - Market Kt.. cor.
BiySP/jlB Taylor, rooms :S-39. with th»
IjJ^ 'jj electric needle.- without pain or
$JfeiS:\lvr *?, scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles,
KgßS* -J& blackheads. freckles. birth-
V.Jgf •~^8S; marks, etc., also removed. Per-
ißKjllijMAg n.anency guaranteed. Hours, I
2728
The Bragging of old Scarface
and the red Fox
PART VIII.
BRARE RABBIT SERIES
• Copyrighted, 1599, by Jcel Chandler Harris.
WHAT is it. and who is it?' old Scar-Face repeated, holding him
ready to disappear in the bushes at a word, or a motion of
:hf hand. But the children had had seme experience with wild
irea and they sal a? i- l ill as statues.
•The time wns." said tho Bop Ol Ben Ali. "when you crime
at my call and asked no questions. You have forgotten, but I
n ni'" mber."
"No, Son of Ben Ali," old Scar-Face replied. '"1 have not forgotten;
but wh( n you came, you reime alone; you brought no strangers with you."
"1 said you had forgotten," remarked Aaron. "What of Rambler, the
trai k<l
"True -oh, most true. Son of Hen Ali!" exclaimed old Scar-Face, low
fiint: hi.-, head in apparent humility, a fact that caused Drusilla to re
mr.rk. in a whisper, "He do like he human!"
the coui ' of old Scax-Face, cruel and crafty, certainly
The children tried in vain to remember who he re
pembled. « > : i o and all were si.ro in their own minds they had Been some
one who looked like him. He was the oersonifieation of craft and fear—
the white teeth .el' Lining, the glittering, shifty eyes, the
pointed cars, turning about to catch every sound, and so keen of hearing
that l ho fall of a pine needle attracted their attention. This was o]<i
th>> invincible, celebrated throughout Middle Georgia as the
fox which hud outfooted aril out-maneuvered every kennel of hounda
l i .-'gainst him. The ordinary hounds which had been used 'r>r
g gray Coxi v. :• simp»y the playthings of old Scar-Face. He was
In the halii* "f using thorn for the purpose of practicing new movements.
He had one scheme which, when he was not feeling well, he was in the
habit of working on his pursuers. It may be called the triple links, .
Instance:
Imagine the links to rover a half mile each, nnd the difficulty which a
r 'g w in untangling them with his nose, and that too while he i- :
■ i will he easily perceived. When the ordinary
■ h ■ ■],! Scar-Face, hunters from a distance cam.- with
hounds. These were Irish il'-cs. hut were called Birdsong
■ 5 were first bred in Georgia by a planter of that name. These
the necessity of getting on foot whenever he heard
• n midnight and day. but when the Birdsong i
. his drag warm the triple links were sufficient to throw them out.
WJIYeJiEWOREJAOIDOIAe
HK had asked her to ho "h
. •
that she had "worh
, Bo ah(
him.
li wasn't lorig afterward that she ram.
»ack t" Bee her former mistress about '
lomething. and the latt.-r noticed that
vas wearing mourning.
"You are in mourning, Maggli V she
■
■■v.s." replied Maggie, complacently, i
md with no show of feeling at all. "]
lii n;ght it was the -least 1 could do
in:."
"It is showin" no more than proper re
■urse. I am very sorry. ];
nust have been a great shock." I .
WHEJH DEWEY COMES SAILIMG HDMF- some of the things that may happen.
ureat shock: exclaimed Maggie, ii
jurprise. Then, as sly -rasped the Id< a
the went on. "Oh, he ain't dead," with th.
ic<> r,t nil "he."
"You haven't lost your husband?"
Mae-gie shook her head.
why are* you in such deep mourn
"Just tn please the poor lad," answerei
Maggie. '"You se«. it's this way," sin
vent on, when she had decided to tell th»
itory. "After we was married, hi
o me, an' he says, -Maggie.' he says. 'th<
loor woman nivor had nobody in put oi
nournin' fer her. an 1 .1 dunno that she's
ieen treated right.' he says. 'Wh
i. 'Me first wife,' says he. 'She was ai
ilone in the world, exceptln' fer me,' ht
says. "She had no wimen folk I
nournin' fer her." An' so I says to him
I'll do it fer the poor woman.' I says
An' here I am.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SITNDAY, MAY 28,1899.
By Joel Chandler Harris
Here, thrri, was this famous old fox, grinning nt Aaron and the chil
flren, almost within roach of their hands. Sweetest Susan an.d Drusilla
■ ! : i i n 1 y afraid of him. for the white scar on his forehead <1M not acid
to his beauty; but Bust) r John regarded hftn with gnat curiosity and In
; •
"I had forgotten Rambler, Son of Ben All," paid old Soar-Fare mus
ingly, "i'ut I was not the first to forget; more than once I hoard Rambler
howling for my blood."
"Yes;'he made 1 << bargain with mo," Aaron remarked. "Rut here are
those who heard "f you and who b gged to' see you. They have Borne hews
■ v."
"It is lon^ sir.oo I had any."' paid old Soar-Faro.
Wner< upon Aaron told of the fox hunt that was to take place, and of
[■ hound I'.-unt'i Hodo, wHo was almost as famous among fox hunters as
i Id Bear-Face himself. During this recital the fox came mit.<>f the tunnel,
but sat upon hi- haunches close to the^mouih of it, and held himself in
readiness I take refuge Unrein on the slightest alarm.
"When la this hunt to bo?" asked o!<J Sear-Far...
"In tin- days when there is no working in the fields and woods. WTien
you fail to hear the ax and the rattle of the wagon, theri you may know
R GIRL'S ESSJIY O.N BOYS '
The following has not heretofore, to the i
of our knowledge, boon embalmed
in print: 'At a recent, hoard examina
tion for girls, an i ssay on ''Boys" was set i
t.i be written, and this was one of the
tl 'i -: 'I'll'- boy is not an animal,
yet hi- can be heard to a considerable
distance. When a boy hollers he oppns
his mouth like Frog's, hut girls hold their
toung till they arc spoke to. and they i
answer respi cfable, and tell just how it j
\\ is, A boy thinks ho is clever because
)■<■ can waae where it is deep, but God
made the dry land for every living thing,
and rtstod on the Seventh day. "When
tin boy grows UP he's called a husband. \
and stays out nights; but the grew up i
girl is a widow and keeps house."
the time for the hunt is near at hand," said Aaron. noinitatlne
There was a pause, and during this pause a hare, a small P al P lta "'»
creature, came creeping from the s?dge and sat looking at Aaron : an i i _-
children. Some movement or other frightened her and she bou "^ e t , '', ' s ,;
Old Scar-Face disappeared in the tunnel like a shadow, and P reppnt '-\,Y,,. nY
-who were listening heard the poor little hare give one scream 01 agwnj
and fright, and then all was still. _ .. , ... _ „>.»„„ ••
"What hurt the rabbit ?" asked Sweetest Susan. "I think It s a sname,
she crifd. when Aaron motioned with his hand to indicate the wx. £*
she spoke old Scar-Face appeared at the door of the tunnel. At ms ieei
lay the rabbit.  i^ir^
Sweetest Susan looked appealingly at Aaron; but appealing looKb
couldn't bring the hare hack to life. . ., T . .•+
"I feel better." remarked old Scar-Face, licking his chops. I ha\ en t
had a good dinner for two suns. They are hard to catch.
"You are' getting old," suggested Aaron.
"Yes, old; but 1 gave this little creature a fair chance.
"II was a quick ratch." Aaron declared. 
"Neat, if not quick," said old Scar-Face, with an air of pride. I m old.
!>nt not too old for this— not too old to lead into the middle winds this great
dog \ou tell of."
"What are the 'Middle Winds?' " Buster John asked in a whisper.
"Where there is no scent," Aaron explained.
"There la scent enough," remarked old Scar-Face, "but it is lifted from
ground and grass by the winds. Yes, I will lead this wonderful dog into
the middle winds and leave him there; or I will carry him to the barren
places where the ground is red and dry. or where the sand has difted. X
Is now three years since I have done more than trot before the dogs they
bring. What I need, Son of Ben All, is something to stir the blood and
make me thir3ty."
"This dog they will bring will give you what you want," said Aaron.
"He is called HodO."
"What it that, Son of Ben All?"
"It is his name."
"Well, my name is Woodrangor. What do your kind call me, Son of
Ben Ali?"
"II is as good as any." said the fox.
"Yes, one name is as good as another when you have three meals a
day." Aaron assented.
"There was a time." suggested old Scar-Face, "when the Son of Ren
All killed and brought me birds: hut that time is past."
"You are no longer weak nnd young. But 1 came to-day to do you a
better turn than that. I came to warn you of this dog from a strange set
tlement) whose nose is so keen that he never puts it to the ground, and
whose U'trs are so strong that he but touches the top of a ten-rail fence
as he goes over. Take my word for it: iet not another sun rise on you
hero till the grass is green again. ( >o to the river: hide in thf big swamp:
Btay anywhere but here. I-et thp dog with the queer name run down and
kill on- of your brethren. Do you move away for a time, and go where
the hunters m.ny not follow."
Old Scar-Face tried to reach with his hind foot a flea that was tickling
him on the top of his back near his shoulder and in making the effort he
stretched out' his neck, closed his eye and grinned so comically that the
children lauerhed.
"Pome and I'll scratch you." said Aaron.
Old Scar-Face took a step forward, but hppitated. "No. Son of Ben.
Ali." h" said. "It makes me cold to be too near the new ones."
Whereupon Aaron himself took a step forward and scratched old Scar-
Fa in the back with a pine con<\ and this operation seemed to be so
pleasing that the fox kept time to the scratching by patting the ground
with one of his hind f»et. as though he were trying In this way to aid
Aaron. When old Scar-Face had been thoroughly scratched along the
spine] where his hind foot could not reach, he shook himself, licked his
chops and seemed to feel very much better.
"Ancj so you think 1 should move away from my home. Son of Ben
Ali." old Scar-Face remarked. "Well, if you had come saying. 'M_v friend.
you are in danger; fly and remain away many suns.' to-morrow's dawn
would have found me milr>s away. But when you say. 'Beware of tho
U'igs: there- is one called Hodo cOMing to run you down,' that is different.
1 want to hear this strange dog yelping behind me, not too close, but far
i Dough away to make him weary. I want to hear the noise of* his yelp, or
know that he is running wildly hither and yonder, sick to know where the
Woodranger has gone."
"As you please, old friend." said Aaron. "This Hodo has made great
talk among the hunters. 1 have, warned you: it is ail I can do."
"TH«rr have been swift dogs aftpr me. Son of Ben AH: but they have
always been behind me. Not one of thr-m has ever untangled the loops of
r;i\ tangle; noi one have 1 ever carried into the middle winds. This strange
ill- I should litfe to carry there if he has strength enough; once there, I'll
bid him Kooil-by."
"You'll be'surprised if he tells you howdy," suggested Aaron.
"So would you. Sun of Ben All."
"No; you're wrong; it would be. no surprise to mo." Aaron replied.
"You have won many a race: you have broken down many a pack of
hounds: but you are not as young as you were. And something tells me
thai If you were in your prime this hound would outfoot you. I know
what \ know."
"And 1 Know what T can do. Son of B<^n Ali; and I'll show you when
the time cornea. I'll give this hound a warm scent, and I'll cut out for him
a journey he'll long remember."
"This thing of remembering." said Aaron, "depends on whether you are
well enough to remember. I hope you'll be well enough for that when the
race Is over."
"Don't worry about me, Son of Ben Ali. Many things I know were
COST OF JiER STYLE
And now she anxiously computes
ll<-r mountain gowns, her seaside suit?.
Her glnv.-s and hose, her ties and shoes,
11. >r hats, of most astounding hues;
For these, were Bhe to toll her views.
Are but tlj.- weapons sin- must use—
A part of her perfected plan-
To vanquish, crush and capture man!
He'ii Bay, with an Indifferent air,
"Oh* 1 don't 'are what clothes they wear;
Hirls are the thing. 1 must confess
I never notice how they dress!"
Oh, Billy man. it isn't true;
You think you know a thing or two!
Hut "beauty unadorned," alas!
No longer In the world will pass,
The "simple styles" you love t.> praise
Are most expensive nowadays.
JHIS .NEW BROTHER.
Yes, I've got a little hrother; I
Never asked for him from mother;
But he's here;
But T s'pose they wetit and bought him.
For last week the doctor brought him:
Ain't it queer?
When I heard the news from Molly,
Why, I thought at first 'twas jolly;
'( 'ause you see .
I just 'magined 1 couid get him.
Arm our dear mamma would let him
Play with me.
Rut when once I had looked at him
I cried out, "Oh. dear! Is that him?'
Just that mite?"
They said. "Yes. and you may kiss him!"
Well, I'm sure I'd never miss- him.
taught me by you; many I learned myself. I have been putting them all
together until now I want to see what the strange hound will make of
"Well, so long." said Aaron. "You are warned; that is enough Go to
your rabbit before he is cold r and I'll go to my work.'.'
Old Soar-Face disappeared in the tunnel, and Aaron and the children.
%VCI ''\Vhy n did you warn him?" Buster John asked, when they were out of -^
the -Oi 1 (f e times-old times," replied Aaron.. "When he was a puppy I doc
tored him and he used to trot after me in the woods. Now my mmd V s
I", V if he is caught, well;, if he ain't, good He outrun hounds so Ion!
that he's got It in his head that none can catch him. Thai's his business"
111 ,,.. like his looks," said Sweetest Susan after awhile.
••\' r me needer," Drusilla exclaimed. "He look too much like folks
when he holt his head on one side an grin. He look mighty umble
r,,mble when he wuz settin' dar hanginVhis head down an' talkh [bout
tumble when iit- n he ketrnt dat rabbit; 'twas dcs like snan*
p?n" you tinkers!' Dat creetur sho is got de Ol' Boy in 'im. I hope'deyjil
-nmS^'john said nothing. He was wondering how he could manage to
get permission to go on the hunt that had been arranged for. At last &
aßk ?4dt r be n hfnd d 8 V ome of 'em." Aaron replied.
..{.- „* ,; or Tohnny Bapter can take one of the earnaerp horses "
• 1. ounta n or • ohnnj, nodded niP head, and the younger r ,*;.,
up mind to go with the hunters unless everybody in the. house ,huf
the Kow r lweeKt P Sus d anf who knew that she could not go | n any „
No " S " for her brother to see the hunt, and I! her rf>as on * w ",
■Sn a r«v TsflflS "one fit was no different in that respect from thi roagfig?
partly a • sel I l"'i!;. rt was . She wanted to hear all about the chase .1
a great many hpr abnut R ,
she toew that Buster Joon^ gr ghe
£« e £ik ridfng aero" a ditches and gullies and jump ng frnrc-,. „«, r OU ,d
h .^ "km J TTmi^tain or Johnny Bapter, or on one of- the fat and sober car
rd«h w n «.« SwA'tf-t Susan had heard her grandfather
nage norses. Bweej e^i^ o & fox huntpr nee dn't rid;
that with good fio^s ami ■ t , nf   _
very fast to Bee prettJ much at ]™*\™' she knew what her
"tail the fox * na ce^^t most exciting events in a fox chase.
P ° % S i cWldren wHlfput their Tieads together and laid
So the youngsters as cm. ffi'taTkSsra one. too. Not a word
the plar 1 of a campa gn u and it they knew the very day on which it
was to , b< ! Then the day before the matter was to be broached by
was to take place Then tnena> This wquM ,f , fo ,, owe J
jlrswe'ot^; SuSTr! "and "lien ! Buster John himself would make an. appeal,
an Sfg^nSS'&SrSSS onfe^as hard as I can," he declared to Sweet- >
eSt -"What"you wanter wait bo long 'fo' you git atter 'em 'bout It?" in
quired Drusilla. ' .< v, r i"
Buster John, "mamma will find
who are to go hunting: she'll be too busy.to find any reasons, fou know
M *g»%^V*3?S3l Dru'ma^with emphasis TOn comp'ny
oomln: dr ? whole house lot ter be tore up an' cleaned, and eve'thing got ter
1)6 -And'when company comes." chimed in Sweetest Susan, "she'll let us
dn anything w'eTsk her almost. When Mrs. Terrell came that time I
n"ked mamma if me and Drusilla might play .in the barn loft and she
kissed m ■ nr * said 'yes.' And the next day she happened to think about
the^oo™> planks "up there, and then she said we mustn't go In the loft
never any mo TeVrell' hadn't been there." said Buster John, "she'd have
thought about the loose planks right on the spot." And to this Sweetest
SUS Thelr a mothepf e iik| d most mothers.- had not the faintest idea, that the
children were abe to put their small fingers on some of her characteris
tics- but youngsters the world over are more observing and know a great
deal more than their elders give them credit for. The most of them are
discreel enough to keep their knowledge to themslves
Well Buster John plan of campaign was as we have outlined above,
and (though he did afterward develop into a very successful politician) it
mußtnotbe supposed that his plan displayed any special aptness or
brilliancy. No. he was rely a very bright boy, whose common sense was
In process of development. ....  .
Moreover if his plan had cost him any serious thought, it would have
been-labor thrown away: for as matters turned out it was not necessary
at all Indeed it might have failed but for. one of those lucky incidents
that sometimes happen to us all. Buster John not only saw the fox hunt,
or at least the part of it that could be seen, but he saw it in such a for
tunate way and under such delightful circumstances that it remained for
many years a red 'letter day in his memory. ,
'•;.;<■■ (Next week Buster John sees Hodo.)
lie's a fright!
He's so small, it's just amazing.
And you'd think that he was blazing,
He's so red;
And his nose is like a berry.
And he's bald as Tnole Jerry
On his head.
He's no kind of good whatever,
And he cries an if he'd never.
Never stop;
Won't sit up— you can't arrange him.
Oh, why doesn't father change him
At the shop?
Now we've got to dress and feed him,
And we really didn't need him,
T.ittlo frog!
And I cannot think why father
Should have bought him when I'd rather
Have a dog!
—London Daily Mall.
WELL WOFU\H .HER WJISES.
"Yes; we pay the girl $6 a week, but
she's worth every cent of it," said the
experienced housekeeper.
"Six dollars." said the novice. "Why.
you can get as pood as you want for $4
or $4.50."
"Oh. I don't know." returned the ex
perienced housekeeper. "I ' think this
one saves me more than the excess. She's
been flirting with the plumber all winter,
and now she's just beginning to smile
on the iceman."— Boston Journal.
HE— Oh, by the way. the doctor ad
vised me to eat a water cracker before
going to bed; said it would prevent my
insomnia. Are there any in the house?
She— The only thing in the house ap
proaching a water cracker is the ice pick.ABSENCE OF THE HUMOROUS .
IN AMERICAN PLAYWRITERS
IT has long been matter of wonder
to me how the humor of the
American dramatist manages to
lag so far behind that of the
• can fictionist and Journalist
"We are pleased t" regard ourselves as
:' the funniest peoples "ii the
world's count-- \V- are busy
money-grabbing, hut we always have
time t" make and take a joke. What
the superior moderns "f England per
tly allude t.> as "the Btupid British
public" has little or nn place in our
commonwealth. Hero the very "man
with tlv hoe" Bees his little j"ke. < >ur
magazines, comic weeklies and news
papers are. above all things, full of
humor. We do not have to Italicize
"ur jests- rather we make a specialty
<'f letting them go only half s:;id. Our
best joke and satire leaves something
to the oth< r fellow's Imagination,
thereby holding out to him a challenge
and a compliment. But our playwrit
humorists are conspicuously few.
With rare exceptions tl I them
that g< In for melodrama are quite- as
md obvious In the comic relief
as are their London cousins, who
avowedly write down to the "stupid
Hritish public." In a certain ord<
vaudeville farce we perhaps excel
everything outside of France. But in
us plays with humorous side
B, in pure omedy. in farce of the
mate kind, the American dram
is behind his generation.
* * •
The exception proves the rule, and
AMUSEMENTS. j
the PUBLIC 0F LAST
SAN FRANCISCO WEEK.
ENDORSES
THE This
SUCCESS -
and Pprfnrni-
JOINS IN »
JOINS IN
the VERDICT of ance
ALL THE PROMINENT „__
EASTERN CITIES v
BY NIGHTLY ■ H3S
CROWDING — -
_ im _ J: nPrPIVPfI
COLUMBIA =r
THEATER . —
TO R WITNESS Praise
HERBERT J2
KELCEY AND -
EFFIE 1
SHANNONS
. . ' rfofn
Present the Best and Most |— —
Powerful <■ t' Arp~ricat\
Plßys ' Boston
-MOTH ~
" FLAJHE-s.
' [ Fran—
NnTC - A SPECIAL "~" ■""" "~
nUIL :: HOLIDAY •
MEMORIAL DAY cl ? co '
MATINEE "~
Will Be JiTen TDESDA7. M»y 30. LAST
SEATS SELLING.
June s— First Produ.-ti upon j WLtl\«
any stags of a New Play. I
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL,
223 Sutter St.
' MR. DENIS O'SULLIVANi
In a Recital of Old and New *
IRISH SONGS.
TUESDAY EVENING, May 30. at 8:13.
Admission, 50c; reserved, 73c, Now, on sale
at Sherman '&. Clay's, Kearny st.
By fJsh)ton Stevens.
these remarks were suggested by two
planner exceptions that have been seen
<>n the local sta^r.' in the past w< >'k. 1
am referring to Clyde Fitch's
Moth and the Flame" and Augustus
Thomas' ■In Mizzoura." Generally
speaking these plays are not to !>■■ men
tioned in the Bame paragraph After
s ret Service" "In Mizzoura" is the
best American play of my acquaint
ance. It is certainly the b< s1 play •.•:'
local color that I have ever seen. Its
interest is constant and cumulai
there is nut a superfluous character,
and all the characters dovetail; the sit
uations are in natural sequence; the
stupe is swept clean by the Qua! cur
tain. The spirit of the humorous is
never entirely absent heroic seen s
that might easily have been raw and
stagy are. through its presence, mad
gentle and actual. While 'The Moth
and the Flame" cannot court compari
son in points "f technique and consis
charactgr, it is nevertheli
that displays remarkable hu
mor. In fact I have never seen
an American play of •■';■. you
would call 'i '.!" sort that
presented its humorous characters
with such plausibility and conviction.
In outline -The Moth and fne Flam."
is an indoor melodrama of the most
obvious type, but its heroic, villainous
and mushy personagi surrounded
by others who are brilliant, modern,
natural and daringly flippant as to all
happenings that are dealt with serious
ly in the play proper. The result is
' AMUSEMENTS. . .
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. |
Mr. S. H. FriPiJlan.W begs to announce the !
appearance in this city of the justly ■ I
celebrated
Lambardi Grand
Italian Opera Company
FROM MILAN, ITALY.
AT THE
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Commencing MONDAY, JUNE 5.
75-« PERFORMERS 75;
COMPLETE ORCHESTRA.
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMING.
APPROPRIATE SCENERY. •
Seats on sale commencing with THURSDAY
MORNING, June 1. at 9 o'clock.
Prices for Reserved Seats:
Entire ground Boor $100
Balcony ; r.o<-, 7:>c and $100
Gallery 25e
Box and Loge Seats..... .:......$1 50
REPERTOIRE FOR THE FIHST WEEK:
Monday "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And "IL PAQLIACCI"
Tuesday "LUCIA D] LAMMERMOOR" '
Wednesday ; "ERNANI"
Thursday "MANON LESCAULT"
Friday "RIGOLETTO"
Saturday Matinee :.... :.. .
...."LUCIA IH LAMMERMOOR"
Saturday "XL TROVATORE"
ROSTER.
DRAMATIC SOPRANOS.
Senorita Blanca Barduccl, Benorita Adalgisa
.•'. ( v . Robsl.
-V. • LYRIC SOPRANOS.
Senorita Amelia SosteKni, Benorita Italia V.
Repetto, Senorita Ernestina Überto,
Senorita Gllda Marquetti.
MEZZO SOPRANOS.
Senoritas . Zelma Poletlni, Elisa' Nerozzl and
Beatrix < Iranco.
CONTRALTOS.
Senorita Ana Demanlus, Senorita Ernestina
Camarrano.
DRAMATIC TENORS.
Signor Fernando Avedano and Signor . Juan ■
Badarraco.
LYRIC TENORS.
Signor Domingo Russo,. Slgnor Rlcado Petro-
vich, Signor Vincnso Fornarl, Signor
Carlos' Fantinatl.
DRAMATIC BARYTONES.
Signor Jose Ferrari, Kignor Gandenzio Salassa,
■- Slgnor P. HuKamelll.
LYRIC BARYTONE.
Signor Carlos Vlzzardelli.
• BASSOS.
Signer Baldo Travaßllnl, Signor Luis Siergami,
Signor .1 Paeotti, Signor N. Übarto.
Director of the Orchestra, Cay. Cgo Barducc).
Muster of Chorus, Signor Francisco Murino.
30— PROFESSORS. IN ORCHESTRA— 30..
THEY ARE COMING!
THE REAL LIVE "BROWNIES," TO THE
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ON THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS AND SATURDAY AFTERNOON- !
ri f > June Ist, 2d and Sd. 1509.'.
sdjSL Magnificent production of Palmer
\ffS\ Cox'b beautiful modern
Irooy operetta.
X££\ "THE 3ROWNIES IN
IV FAIRYLAND." ,
Masnlflcenl production of Palmer
<vx'b beautiful modern
"THE BROWNIES IN
FAIRYLAND."
I tn For the benefit of the
/I V/ CALIFORNIA CLUB.
till ■Jl Reserved scats. 26c, - 50c and 75c.
L 1 Vi 200 CHILDREN ON THE STAGE.
l~~f«&< 30 GREAT SPECIALTIES. ■
AWS CREEPING INTO TOWN. "THE
TURTLE." i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
Moung loon and Moung Chet, Burmese, and the Wonderful Things They Do
With Their Feet and a Bamboo Ball,
! somi thing strangely new ami strangely
i harming. As I Bald after the first
. night, the author seeems deliberately
to forestall you in the business of
jeers and laughter. Your own comment
could not be hair so sharp and pithy
as Is that which hi supplied through
1 the subsidiary humorous characters.
Nearly every pompous line, i very take
heroic has its antidote in the best of
tl cynicism. It is easy t.> say
that Mr. Fitch would have done better
to ninii all mock seri »usness (one can
Buggesi Improvements even in '"In
Mizzoura"), hut the fact stands that
he has written a unique play, full of
humorous variety and surprise and \\«I1
worth leaving home and fireside for
these balmy evenii
•
As to "In Missnura" I have little to
say now that I did not say long ago.
I; is a classic, and played as it was by
Nal Goodwin and his company, a dis
tinct record and tradition in the Ameri
can theater. To me the play means a
great deal, and I confess that I went
t" the Alcazar production o f it with a
feeling of anything but confidence.
And, as served me ri<-ht, I was hap
pily surprised. There were several
: glaring ••xnosun :- of bad acting, but
( "ti ti.' whole the performance was one
of tlu besi in the record of the stock
company, and Ernest Hastings did a
; vigorous sketch pf character in the
part of Jim Kadburn. To say that Mr.
Hastings' assumption of this rolp is not
i as k'""\ as Mr. Goodwin's is only to say
AMUSEMENTS.
MORE GREAT NEW VAUDEVILLE
STARS!
j l nnO . _•
Important Engagement of the Eastern. Comedy
Favorites,
Billy Clifford
AND
Maude Huth.
The Howling" Success of the Season,
• "A HIGH-BORN LADY."
Direct' From the Olympia, Paris,
HENRI FRENCH,
A New Sensation — Comic Juggler — Comic
. .* Bicyclist. . ;. J ';-
The Talk of the City,
THE MARVELOUS,
THE MYSTERIOUS, •
MOUNG TOON
-AND '
iV\OUNG GHET,
The World-Famous .Burmese ■ Wonders.
MONTGOMERY AND STONE
Kingpins of Blackface Comedy.
BILLY VAN,
The Original Monologiet. ' ;
JAS. B._nONOVAN— FANNY
The Irish Punsters.
- • ■ •
...THE ESCAMILLOS...
Premier Equilibrists.
TROUPE MONTROSE
■,--,.-.;-... < ■ ■.-. - ■■ ■ -
Acrobatic Marvels.
Matinee TO-DAY (Sunday), May 28.
Parquet, any seat. £Ac; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
( SPECIAL MATINKK DECORATION DAY,
■ : TUESDAY, MAY 30.
. . COMING — Johnstone Bennett's
Vaudeville Celebrities, in conjunc-
tion with the Orphcum's Big
Features.
Weekly Call. $1.00 Year
that Mr. Hastings is not as yet the best
of all our actors of American charac
ter. Hut his, personation is rich with
atmosphere, reserve and poignant sug
gestion, and it is sturdy tribute to this
player's versatility. Now that Mr.
Hastings is leaving us for a wider field,
and with every prospect of success, it
is quite in the irony of things that wo
should commence to appreciate him".
Anyway he leaves an enviable record
and takes with him a lgt of valuable
and hard-earned experience. The pro
duction and the right part are all that
he will need in New York to step into
the first class.
* • •
Among the latest fads for star actors
is a tragedy by William Shakespeare
named "Hamlet." Lewis Morrison es
says the title part of this good nlay in
the Alcazar to-morrow night: Landers
Stevens, late villain-man south of Mar
i ket and new manager of the ex-Mo
-1 rosco company and lessee of the Dewfiy
' Theater in Oakland, will shortly add
new melancholies to the. Pane for the
benefit of playgoers over the bay: and
Efenry Miller will include the piece In
his season at the Columbia. Each of
these gentlemen will appear without
the aid of a net.
Crar\d Opera-Hou^e
The Southwell Opera Company will offer
an interesting programme to-morrow
evening in "The Princess Nicotine," which
is entirely new here, although it. has been
played frequently with great success in
the East by the Lillian Russell Company.
The libretto is by Charles Alfred Byrne
and Louis Harrison. The composer of the
music is William Furst. "The Princess*
Nicotine" bears the reputation of being
brilliant in Its dialogue and charming in
Its music. It affords a splendid oppor
tunity.for scenery and costumes #nd its
story, which is laid in Vuelta Abaja
Cuba, in 1750. is very interesting. It com
mences on the eve of the wedding" of
Paulos Chicos, a wealthy young Cuban
tobacco planter, "to Rosa, a beautiful
young Spaniard, nicknamed the Princess
Nicotine, who is a guest at the Governor's
palace. Don Pedro, the Governor, an an
tiquated roue, pesters her with his atten
tions and on her marriage night causes
her husband to he arrested on a trumped
up charge. Before going with the officers
A3HJSEMENTS. .
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE,
TO-NIGHT! LAST TIME OF
"THE MANDARIN"
Monday, May 29th,
EVERY EVENING AND SATURDAY AF-
TERNOON.
ONE WEEK ONLY
Of Edniond Audran's Greatest Comic Opera.
*{*■■'
q\j* mSji W^A H
1 Mascot
Great Cast ! Correct Costumes !
Appropriate Accessories !
SPECIAL
MONDAY EVENING, June 5,
Reappearance of the San • Francisco Favorite,
CRACIE FLAISTED
In Strauss' MasterDlece.
••THE 1 MERRY WAR"
PRICES « — ~2sc and 50c
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
GLEN PARK.
THIS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AT 2 P. M.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS
GLEN PARK CIRCUS
High-class Equestrian and Vaudeville Enter-
tainment— Bareback Trick Riding— Hurdle Rac-
Olympian Riding— Trained Animal*— Light
and Heavy Balancing— of Strength-
Bounding Rope Experts— Funny- Clowns—
ADMISSION TO GLEN PAVtK, 10c.
ADMISSION TO CIRCUS. 15c: RESERVED
" SEATS ONLY 10c ADDITIONAL.
UCllllV GREAT REALISTIC
a WAR PANORAMA!
OT Prof> w -.°- : ROLLINS,
; - the eminent orator
A/I onJ I « lectures half hourly.
iTiciniici Market it', nr. Eighth.
: - '-. • _ ■":..• Admißßlon 800. • •
Bay! : ChlMren *•
he commands his wife to bar and lock
herself in the house and to give admission
to no one. Hearing cries, she opens the
door and discovers the Governor, who has j
jumped inU) the. mill stream, calling for j
help. Not knowing him to be- the cause of j
her husband's arrest and believing him to ;
he In danger, she rescues him and admits
him to her house. While making furious ;
love to her he is seized with a chill and
falls into a faint, and Rosa avails herself
of the opnortunity to escape. His follow
ers arrive and remove ~- '.?. ■■'< Inner
room; take off his clothes and ..ring them
out and hang them by the fire to dry.
Chicos, who has effected his escape, ap
pears on the scene a*" I. see.ing ih'e clothes,
believes his wife is unfaithful to him.
He determines to get even with the Gov
ernor and dons his garments, leaving bis
own in exchange. The Governor's follow
ers return after an unsuccessful hunt for |
a surgeon, discover the theft and hurry j
their master away in Chicos' costume.
On arriving at the Palace his wif<\ de
clares him to be Chieos and sentences him
to death for disturbing the peace. On
asserting his name and rank he is con
fronted by i hicos, dressed and made up
to resemble him. and it is only when
nearly driven crazy that Rosa comes to
his rescue with a true explanation and
his wife forgives him on' promise of better
i behavior. Edith Mason will appear in
Lillian Russell's role of the Princess Nico
tine and the remainder of the cast will be
contributed by the best of the Southwell
company. _
Galifo-rva • :
Palmer Cox's operetta, "The Brownies
in. Fairyland." will be given at the Cali
fornia Theater next Thursday, Friday and
Saturday evenings and on Saturday
afternoon for the benefit of the California
Club. Nearly 808 children, including
twenty-live professionals, will appear and
the piece will be packed with songs,
dances and specialties. The Brownie po
liceman, Indian. Eskimo, Nihilist, dude,
Irishman and, in fact, all of '"ox's delight
ful creations will appear in the flesh. The
scenic effects and costumes will be from
designs by the author; the music is by
Malcolm Douglas.
■ "The Turtle," that frisky French farce
that ran 200 nights in New" York and al
most turned that city upside down, is
creeping this way and will be seen at the
California Theater for one, week, begin
ning Sunday night, June 11. The cast will
include isabeiie Evesson, Jennie Reiffarth,
Ada Deaves, Isabelle Bowman, Signor
Perugini. George Holland, Ulric B. Col
lins, Hudson Liston and seven others.
A!cdz}- *
. "In Mizzoura" and the regular stock
I season close with to-night's performance
AMUSEMENTS.
ALC/A^AH 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
TO-NIGHT— "IN MIZZbURA."
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
EXTRA MATINEE TUESDAY,
MEMORIAL DAY.
The Distinguished American Actor,
/V\R. levy/is mORRISON,
Supported by the Talented Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
In a Magnificent Production of.
HAMLET.
Seats Selling Six 'Days in Advance.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 861.
Last Night of the "GYPSY BARON."
; TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING,
First Time in This City of the New York Ca-
■ . .: sino Furor, i
THE
PRINCESS NICOTINE!
An Exquisite and Costly Production.
1 . The Entire • ' ••
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
i ■ ■ .In-the Cast.
Reserved Seats. 25 J cents and 50 cents. Gal-
■-• lery, 15 cents. • ••
Branch Box Office just Inside main entrance
of Emporium building.
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY NEXT.
DECORATION DAY. .
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mn«*Ti..
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
• The only free theater on the coast playing
only EASTERN .VAUDEVILLE STARS.
ANOTHER BILL OF 'NOVELTIES^
THE A SALVINIS,
""• Premiere Acrobats.
THE HARTWELL SISTERS
' - -. ' Acrobatic Dancers.
DORA MERVIN,
Descriptive Singer. | ■.
WAY and. MAITLAND
IN New Coon Song Hits.
AGNES CASTRO. CHARLTON AND ROYCE
: . • ..-■■- AND OTHERS.
ADMISSION FREE. ' MATINEE SUNDAY.
CHUTES AND Z00!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND. EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
BILLIE DODSON, Male Sonrano; WALDO
and ELLIOTT, Aereal Contortionists; LITTLE
MAUDIE, the Phenomenal . Child:. QIERITA
VINCENT, the New York Sensation; ANTONIO
VINCENT, the Eminent Barytone; WESTON
and HERBERT, ' Musical Comedians, and NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
RIDE ON THE GALLOPING HORSES.
VISIT LUNETTE AND THE MAZE.
Balloon Ascension Decoration Day.
at the Alcazar. Supported by Florence r
Roberts and the Alcazar Company, Lewis j
Morrison will commence a stock star en- •
gagement to-morrow night, appearing in •
'■ the name part of William' Shakespeare's
i tragedy, "Hamlet." Large things are
promised in the way of scenery, and Mr.
Morrison will wear, it is said, the original
robes of the late Edwin Booth in the part
of the melancholy Dane. A special Memo
: rial day matinee will be given on Tuesday.
.Mrss Roberts will play Ophelia, W. T.
; Doyle the King. Mr. Scott the Ghost,
Clarence Montaine the Polonius, George
Webster the Horatio, Charles Bryant the
gravedigger and Miss Fitzallr.n the Queen. .
. "The Master of Ceremonies'- is announced
.to follow. '.
Columbia.
Herbert Kelcey and "Effie Shannon con
tinue at the Columbia in "The Moth and
• the Flame." The Miller season follows, I
opening with "The Liars," by Henry Ar
"thur Jones, which has been played re
cently with great success by John Drew.-
Miller and his company are at present re- I
hearsing in Chicago, where E. J. Morgan
and Charles Walcot, who are to come 1
here with him, are playing with the New
York Lyceum Theater Company.. Miller
won particular favor here last season at
the Baldwin, and was so pleased with his
reception that arrangements were soon i
made for his extended engagement here
j this season, supported by a specially or- ;
I ganized company.
JiVoli.
"The Mandarin" will make way to
j morrow evening for Edmond Audran's
, best and most enduring comic opera, "The
Mascot." Operas may come and operas
may go, but the "Mascot" goes on for
| ever. The part of Bettina should lit Annie
i Myers like a glove, and Anna Lithter will
have a good chance as Fiametta. Miss
' Charlotte Beckwlth. who, made her debut
in "Orpheus," will reappear as Frederic,
': Prince of Pisa, and Pruette- will sfng
l'ippo. Edwin Stevens will revel as Lo
i renzo,, and Phil Branson will be the mel
ancholy Rocco. Messrs. Schuster, Swain
; and Wilson will sing the other roles, and
.the chorus promises io be in. excellent
form. . ; ■
. "The Mascot" is announced for one
week only, and will give way to "The
Merry War." in which Grade Plaisn-d
will appear after a long absence. •
Orpheum.
The Orpheum' claims to have a strong
bill for this week. Billy Clifford and
Maude Huth, in their latest comedy skit,
. "A High Born Lady,": are the headllners,
and it is said they are fully entitled to
the honor. Her coon songs and . special
' ties are said to be a great hit. A novelty
is claimed in Henri French, who has been
brought from the Olympia (Paris) tor the
Orpheum circuit. He combines comic
juggling and trick bicycle riding. The
holdovers j include Moung Toon and
Mining Chet, the Burmese jugglers, who
have created much talk; Montgomery and
Stone, the black face comedians; Billy
Van, the monologist.'in new jokes: the
Donovans. Irish comedians; the Escamil
los. head-to-head balancers, and the
Montrose acrobats. A special matinee j
• will be given on Tuesday.
0 \jnr>pi v
The Olympia has for its chief attrac
tions the Four Silvinis. who are said to
be clever acrobats; the Hart well Sis
ters, acrobatic dancers; Agnes Castro,
soprano; Dora Mervim, descriptive
singer, and Charlton and Royce, dancing
and singing soubrettes.
• . Thz Chu^s.
At the Chutes Free Theater a strong
! vaudeville bill will be offered this week.
i Billie Dodson, a male soprano, who has
! a most ladylike . voice and a gorgeous
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION COURSIN6 PARK.
SUNDAY, MAY 28.
GIGANTIC STAKES.
SAPLING AND OPEN EVEN IS,
/32-NOMINATIONS--/32
$1015— PRIZE MONEY— SIOIS
TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets SATUR-
DAY, 10:30 a. rfi. and 1 p. m. ; SUNDAY. 10:15
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning from Park immediately after last
course. Extra train from Park on SUNDAY at
4:4» p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 cents. LADIES FREE.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, MAY :'S. AT 2:iu ]'. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, including admission. 25c; children, 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS,
wardrobe, will make his debut, ana
Waldo and Elliott, aerial contortionists,
will, change their act. Little Maudie, a
clever child, will sing new songs, and An
tonio Vargas, the barytone, and Querita
Vincent, the sensational dancer, will ap
pear for their third and last week. Wes
ton and Herbert, the musical comedians,
will give a new sketch, which introduces
Mr. Weston as a German. Tuesday, Dec
oration day. there will be a balloon as
cension, and on Thursday night the ama
teur minstrels with lady participants will
be repeated.
Musical jvienticn.
The- Musical Courier is out with another
imposing "National Edition." A "Pacific
Coast Edition" is in early prospect.
■ ■ •
A new mass written by Mr. Locher of
this city will be sung this morning in St.
Mary's Cathedral.
The musical Art Society of New York
offers a prize, given by Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Butler McCagg. and which it is pro
posed to make an annual one, of $250, *f or
the best composition for mixed voices,
unaccompanied, on the following condi
tions?: 1. Any one may compete who has
been for the past five years or longer a
resident of the United States or Canada.
2. The work shall be set to English words
of ' a secular character for a chorus of
about fifty voices'. 3. The time of per
formance should not exceed ten minutes.
4. The compositions offered should be ad
dressed, after May 1. 1899, to the presi
dent of the society, Dr. Frederick E.
Hyde, Greenwich, Conn. They will be
submitted to the three following judges:
Horatio W. Parker. B. J. Lang, and the
conductor of i the Musical Art Society.
5. The name of the composer is not to ap
pear, and the composition must bear a
suitable motto. A Healed envelon» con
taining the composer's name and address,
and bearing on the outside the same in.it
to and a return address, must accom
pany the manuscript. Only the envelope
bearing the motto of the successful com
position will be opened.
■ » ■ ■
Jhe Burmese Juggling Wonders
THE Orphcuni has found a new phe
nomenon in the race of bipods. It
is in the person of Monng Toon and
Mnuriß Ohot, the chocolate colored,
young men from Burmah, whose
chief charms are in thoir eloquent
feet that have been taught to take the
plarce of their hands, and while they are
on the suise it seema as though thpso
self-same feet, soft and polished as india
rubber, would run the whole of human
(motions. Mming Tog/i appears on the
stage entirely naked except for a breech
cloth and a turban. He faces the audi
ence in the full glory of his India-ink tat
too, his hands hanging straight down, in
ert and motionless; then he starts in to
juggle two glass halls, such as we would
hang on a Christmas? tree, in a way that
would put to shame the most expert jug
gler, but' all his work In throwing, catch
ing and tossing is done with those elo
quent feet.
He deftly balanced one ball on his
shoulder, a gentle shrug and the shining
t>all glides around his neck more quickly
than the eye can follow .another twist
and the ball slides off the shoulder and is
speeding toward the floor, but the foot
tiles up to meet it and the little globe is
caught in the hollow that lies between the
ankle and shin bone. Another quick jerk
of the foot and again the ball goes back
to the shoulder. Next the ball slides
across the rhoulder and drops, but it
never reaches the floor. The quick foot
is outstretched and this time the ball Is
caught on top of the foot and its out
stretched toes. Moung Toon then pro
ceeds to vary this programme, doing one
trick after another until the audience
stares in wonder.
The first part of the act by Moung
Toon and Moung net is in imitation of a
game of football as played in Burmah.
A small hollow wicker ball is used and the
game as played in their native land may
start with any number of players, who
stand in a circle. One player etarts the
ball and It is the duty of the man toward
whom it may fall to catch it with his
feet before it can strike the ground. He
•must then, by striking the ball with his
shoulder, thigh, leg or foot, toss it on to
the next man. Should he miss catching
the ball and let it so to the ground or
.touch it wtih his hands it is a foul and
that player is out. So the game goes on
until only two players remain. Then the
real contest begins, for they are usually
the two crack players of the town.
According to Moung Tonn everybody
plays this kind of tuotball in Burmah.
Children begin it as soon as they are old
enough to play at anything and by the
time they are young men they have de
veloped into experts, but th-ey do not stop
then. Moung Toon say a that old men still
play the game for fun with their children
and for money with rival old men.
■ ♦ ■ '
Potato Gure for J^Keu^natism
AMONG th>e many curiosities pulled
out of an Irishman's pocket one d;iy
in a vain search for a coin wa.- a
little black object that looked like
a hard, round piece of agate. A friend ex
pressed -astonishment at the man's carry
ing; such a thing in his pocket and asked
him why he did it.
"Why, man alive," Pat exclaimed, "that
is not a stone, bbt just a potato, and,
sure, I carry it with me to cure me rheu
matics. I have two about me," said Pat,
diving down into his other pocket and
bringing forth the mate of the first curi
ous looking potato, as Pat swore it was.
Upon investigation it was fonnd that
Pat had much method in his madness.
Potatoes among old country people have
been looked upon for many years as a
preventive of rheumatism. Small, round,
smooth potatoes are chosen, and are put
in each pocket of the trousers. Soon the
potatoes become black, but they never
rot; they seem to be petrified, and it ia
claimed they take the poison of the dis
ease out of the system.
At any rate, the remedy is a simple
one and'wyii werth a trial.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
FUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver BltclNKUred.
Wheat firmer and Barley weaker.
Very few Oats here.
Corn and Rye dull.
Hey down to nothing. •
— n and Middlings firm. ■•'•■_ ._
Beans and Seeds dull."
Potatoes steady and Onions weak. , •'.'.
Several Vegetables advancing. ■. ■ \ '
Butter in larger receipt.
Cheese plentiful and weak. -_ - '
Kggs steady. .
Poultry quiet. ' . ■ .
Cherries doing better again.
Other Fruits about the same. '
Dried Fruits nominal. •'^/" ; "
Provisions unchanged. --■
Wool In sharp demand and cleaning u§> ,
Hoes weaker. Other Meats unchanged.
Bank clearings show the usual gain.
Pine Lumber advanced.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $16,080,
--843. against $13,433,836 for the same week in
1838. . •
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YOKK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YOKK. May 27.— There was a marked
Alspositlon in the Stock Exchange dealings to
the speculation in railroads anil in
diutrlai specialties. The Immobility of the
standard railroad stocks in the face of the
demoralization In Sugar and -Metropolitan
Railway was strikingly like the mid
numnier markets of yore When Sugar was
likely to absorb a half to three-quarters of
the total dealings and when many of the In
dustrials now traded in had not yet been con
ceived. The bears seemed to have gathered
fresh courage and made quite a savage on
slaught upon Sugar, the Tobacco stocks, the
>>w York municipal stocks, smelter and steel
end Wire. Losses in the railway list were
insignificant in most cases. There was a sim
ultaneous decline in New York <~entrul and
Pennsylvania, which was in rather marked
contrast to tin' later strength of some so-called
differential trunk lines.
The first hour had not expired before an ac
tive demand sprang up tor tlie li>-.i>liiu securi
ties, based "n the strong showing of the April
■ earnings. A decrease in operat-
Kpenses of the coal company and an in
• Lrnings by the railroad com
pany combined to produce an increase in net
earnings for all the companies ol $107,013, In
connection with the good report submitted by
New Jersey Central earlier In the week and
th< May trr.>ss earnings of Ontario and West
ern, i 1 leveloped uuit~ a buoyant tone
loyed substantial wiins all around. Erie
first preferred shared in the advantage. The
rise in ...ese Btocks \\;is carried to other rail
road stocks and checked liy the decline in
the specialties, short covering causing rallies
tween one and two points. The failure
market m show any marked response to
the bank statement induced v fresh raid by
the bears which carried Sugar .i'.wn t" 145,
an extreme decline from yesterday's close of
Ints. The mark. -i yielded in sympathy,
the specialties quit, sharply and the railroads
only slightly. The market closed under pres
ut v*ii net gains remaining tor most
of the railrC&d ■•'■ eks. •
Ide mii unusual show uf
. h for a Saturday with a rise of VS cent
due to the hardening money rate in London
and the demand on that center from the Conti
nent for gold*
In connection with the plethoric condition
here -dosed by the weekly Dank statement, !
there Is some renewed apprehension of gold ■
exports. . . ...■ demand for railroad bonds con
tinue* strong at advancing pries. Heading ;
4f being most conspicuous. The exchange will j
remain closed until Wednesday.
When the exchange <if uncertainty regard- i
ing the fate of the coming crop conies aroimd,
speculation in stocks by the outside public
proverbially falls to a minimum and the stock
market is left to the professional room trad
ers. The very fact of outside neglect ■•'• the
market deprives it of support, bo that the 1
professionals are almost invariably bears in a
dull stock market and bulls in a dull wheat •
market, in accordance with the possible effect
of crop failure In the two markets. That Ims
been the state of affairs during the past week.
Nearly every professional trader on the Stock
Exchange has been a bear this week." The
late recovery in pries is not conclusive evi
dence or a definite Indication of a change of
heart, as the professional traders look with I
apprehension always on a few days' interval '
of inaction and Its possibilities of Important
developments.
The heavy decline in values compared with
the corresponding period of last year, the rise
In value of Import*, and the persistent rise in
the rate of sterling exchange were all inci
dents to reinforce the argument that our ,
credit balance abroad has been exhausted, and
that a movement outward of gold was likely.
The languid tone of securities of numerous in- '
dustrial combinations was a striking indica
tion of the satiated condition of the public de
mand for them, and was taken to foreshow the
danger f a break in prices generally of those
which were of inflated value and in weak
hands, which might demoralize prices gener
ally. There were evidences not lost sight of |
by the bears of a desire to realize on some of
the heavy holdings taken over by powerful In- j
terests to check the panic due to Mr. Flower's
death. Much was made also of the Impairment
to values of an Important group of stocks that |
would result from the enactment of a public
franchise tax bill by the New York Legislature. '
On these various assumptions the bean sold
stocks quite assiduously during the early part
of the week. A number of things during the
week changed the confidence in a coming re
action in prices. Most important was the ex
cellent traffic returns of railroad! for the third j
week in May. Heginnlng with St. Paul on
Wednesday with an increase of J3G.000 on gross i
earnings over last year, there was practically
no exception to the favorable returns. As the
comparison Is with an unprecedented period
last year it could not fail to have force. Re
ports of damage to European crops during the
week suggested a future price for wheat that
Would attract a movement of the reserve in !
farmers' hands constituting the invisible sup
ply, the amount of which is believed to be large
In spite of the large movement last year. It i
was sufficiently obvious that the declines In
prices of stocks Induced by the short selling did
not bring out any large offering of stocks, ar
guing confidence in the holders in their future i
value. There has been a pretty steady demand I
from abroad for the standard railroad stock
and outgoing steamers carry large shipments
of securities. The growing caution of the pub
lic toward Issues of new industrial combination* ,
and a falling off of the furore of speculation
in such i,ssu>-s Is unquestionably a healthy
symptom, and makes for financial safety. The
detailed statement of the April foreign trade
showed a number of favorable features es
pecially the large proportion of the Increase of ]
Imports, included in "articles In a crude state
for domestic Industry." Of the total net in-!
crease in imports of 19,148,077 this Item ab- I
sorbed J.".. 316. 417. The prevailing ease or money I
and the activity reported by specialists in the
various departments of trade and business
were all reassuring factors. There has been a
very notable demand for all available issues i
of railroad mortgages during the whole week
There was a moderate absorption of gilt-edged
and government bonds. But the favorites . are
new Issues for refunding and reorganization
purposes in course of disposal by reorganiza
tion syndicates, and which may presumably
hope for a stable higher range of prices
after this floating supply has been absorbed by
Investors. The United States old fours coupons :
and the threes advanced V and the old fours
registered and the fives >„ in the bid price
. T o", r^'u sales , of » Xoc ** to-day amounted
to 241. r.M! shares, Including: American Malt
In*. 2100; American Spirits, 2000; American Steal
anil Wire, WOO; American 8. F. Co f,3 700-
American R. Co., 3100; Atchlson preferred ' i; -
200: Brooklyn Transit, 20,400; Burlington rl'ehtii
1700; Burlington, 2400; Consolidated Gas 10 200 '• I
Consolidated Tobacco, 4900; Federal Steel C9OO
-do referred, SOM; Mexican Central 5200-' Met
ropolitan. 4800: Northern Pacific, 3300; People's
Gas of Chicago. 4300; Reading first preferred" i
12,400; St. Paul. 6000; Union Pacific 4400
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18H|St Paul m
Do prefd .' ■' i Do prefd lfißU
Baltimore & Ohio. 69 |St P & uni... "' >,-ni
Canada Pacific. ... MS'/* Do prefd ..'.'.in
Canada Southern.. 53 ISo Railway ' jji;
Central Pacific .'2 1 ' Do prefa." ' r,n* i
Ches & Ohio "5 Texas <* Pacific. '" 19
Chi & Alton i..1G0 [Union Pacific. ... 4M4 I
Chi h *■ Q 130',&l Do pr.-r.j !75 1
Chi & X 111 73<* Wabaah 734
Do prefd 122 i Do prefd ' 20
Chi G W 13% V ft I. B, new. *" s ; -i
Chi Ind & L 9 Do prefd. new.... 24
Do prefd 37 Express Companies—
Chi & N W 151% Adams Ex .....110
Do prefd 191 V-, American E: 13S
CCOft St L....\ 52 United States. ... 48
Do prefd N .Wells Fargo 125
Del & Hudson 11814. Miscellaneous—
Del L & \V 164 A Cot Oil 34%
Den ft Hi" <• 21* i Do prefd 91
Do prefd 76% Am Spirits 10
Erie (new) 12&. Do prafd/. 2.,, 4
Do Ist prefd 3. > 4 Am Tobacco 96%
Ft Wayne 184 1 Do prefd 141
C?t Xor prefd.. 170 Cons Gas 169
Illinois Centra! U3',|(Jont Tobacco 45%
l>4Vr Erie & W.... j»j4| Do prefd b3
'"•0 , 7*'!\ .*• C^i Com Cable C 0.... 17' i
I>are Shore 2n.i Col P & 1r0n........ 4f,ii
[>ouis & Xa«h C«Vi Do prefd 1,,,,
Manhattan L.". 109 Gen Electric us
Met St Ry... - 220% Haw Com Co no
Michigan Central. .in I Brooklyn R.T. 111.34
Minn &St L..'. 56 Intl- Paper.: 45'^
Do Ist prefd... ...101 Do prefd.......... 7.,
Mo Pacific 41; I-^clede Ga5..;..... .-,3 '
Mobile & 0hi0...... 39 Lead ..........'...... 20%
M k & T 12V* Do prefd 11014
Do nrefd.. » ; Federal Steel 07 %
N J Central UWI Do prefd 80%
N V Central 130% Nat Lin Oil s£
N V Chi &St L... 13 Nat Steel c0m..... 46%
Do let prefd...... 65 Do prefd 86&
no »d prefd...... 30 Pacific Mail 1. 48
K?r Wrs?. *.. •19 People's Ga5..... 117%
Vo Amer Co ....... 11% Pullman Palace. ,.lsj(
v p^Hflc .... «S BMTer CerUflcates. 61
Do prefd .....n 2 Standard R & T . . . s
grift S ££ SriVra::::::--®
Do M.prefd.. ...... 5« IU S .licainer., » ,
i Pittsburg ..' 184 r Do prefd 69%
Reading 80% US Rubber....... "46%
Do Ist prefd 57% Do prefd 114%
R G.W.. 33 Western Union.... 91%
Do prefd........'.. 76% Am S & W C 0.... «1.
Rock Island 110% Do prefd. .'.r. ...:.' 95%
St Louis & S F.... 10% Colo Southern 5%
Do prefd.......... 70»i Do Ist prefd 44
Do 2d prefd....... 36»41 Do 2d prefd 17%
St Louis & S W...l3>4!Pac Coast 35
Do prefd 32 N& W prefd tVA
So Pacific 32% .
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2 reg.....*.. 100 M-K & T 2ds 87
Do 8s .... 108% Do 4s 93%
• Do coup ...... ..109VJ, N V Cent lets ....115%
U S new 43 reg... .130*4 N J Cent gen 121%
Do coup ..130H North Carolina 65. 127
V S old 4a reg.. ..112% Do 4s .104
Do coup 113*; N P Ists 120
U S 5s reg 112% Do 3s '..... 67%
Do coup 112% Do^4s , 106%
District 3.65s .....118 N YC& St L 4s. 107
Ala class A 110 Nor & W Con 45.. 95 .
Do B •■;; 110 Do gen 6s 131 '
Do C 100 Or Nay Ists 114
Do Currency ....100 Do 4s 104%
Atch gen 4s 103 O Line 6s ......132
Do ad jt 4s 87 i Do con us 113
Canada So 2ds ....lll'i Reading Gen 45.... 89%
Ches & O 4%s .... 94% R G Western lsts 98%
Do f»s 119 SL& 1 M Con 55. 11 l
C * N Con 7s 144 IS L & S F Gen 65. 125
Do deb Es 122 St P Con 167%
Chicago Term 45. .102',; St PC & P 1et5... 123%
D&- R G Ists ....105>i Do 5s 124
Do 4s ...103Vi So Ry 5s 111*4
E T Va & Ga lsts. 106* Standard R & T 6s S6
Erie Gen 4s 73 Term new set 35.. 85
Ft W& D C lsts.. 85 Tex & Pac 15t5.... 116
Gen Elec os 120% Do 2ds &5%
IG II &SA 6s 114 U P 4s 108%
Do 2ds 111% Wabash Ists 1161*
I II & T C 6s 113. Do 2ds 99%
Do Con 6s 112 West Shore 4s ....114%
lowa Cent Ists 114% Wls Cent lsts 74%
X C ]■ <£.- G lsts'.. 66 Va Centuries 85
La new con 4s 110% Do deferred — 7
L& N Uni 4s .... 99 Colo So 4s 87
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ; Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 24 Ophlr ...." 110
Con <'al & Va 1 70 ; Plymouth 10
Deadwood DO Quicksilver 2 00 :
Gould & Curry.... 28 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. •30 Sierra Nevada 77
Homestake 59 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 50, Union Con .... 40
Mexican 44 1 Yellow Jacket 3S
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— " Union Land B*4
Call loans 3V><i?4 Westingh Elec .... 49
Time loans 3%@4%i Do preCd 64%
Stocks— - ■ j Bonds —
A T & St Fe 18 Atchlson 4s 102
Do prefd 55% ' Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 145/.A dventure 10
Do prefd 116% Allouez Mm Co .. 9
Bell Tell 240 Atlantic 30
Boston & Albany. .26o ißoston & Montana. 3.".o
Boston L 107% Butte & Boston So
Boston & Maine. ,.lM% Calumet & Hecla..S2s
Chi Bur & Q 130 Centennial SS%
Ed Elec 111 200 I Franklin 20%
Fitchburg prefd ..116 Humboldt 2%
Gen Electric 117% Osceola 83%
Mcx Cent 13 iParrott -. 60
Mich Tel 95 Quincy 158
Old Colony 209 Santa Fe Copper.. 13
Old Dominion .... 40% Tamarack 2ir.
Union Pacific . 42% Winona 14
West End 93 i Wolverine 44 '
Do prefd ........116. I
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION.
NEW YORK. May 27.— The Financier saysi
The surplus reserve of the New York Clear
ing-house banks is now . higher than reported
for eleven months, the gain of $9,302,200 for the
week ending May 27 having swelled the total to
$43,933,723. The feature of the current exhibit
's the reduction of $17,500,000 In loans and the
contraction of $12,666,000 in deposits. Reserve
requirements, by reason of the heavy deposit
change, were reduced by over $3,000,000, and
this, added to the $6,0u0,000 gain in cash, raised
the excess funds in banks more than $0,000,000.
Taking the known operations of the week as a
basis, the greater part of the cash expansion
should be attributed to Interior movements,
but this is misleading. The National City
Bank, for instance, which figures prominent in
the statement, reports a gain of more than
$?,000,0u0 In cash, nearly all in gold. Its loan*
are down $16,000,000 and deposits nearly $7,000,
--000. This la probably due in part to operations
connected with the financing of the amalgam
ated copper subscriptions. The Interesting fea
lure disclosed by such an analysis is that
whereas the banks as a whole have gained
enormously, the reserves of the majority of the
Institutions do not vary much from those of the
previous week. .In other words, the gain . in
rash has been made by a few banks. It is In
correct, however, to fay that this is actually
the case, for the supply of money* held by
nearly every financial institution in New York
is much in excess of the demand. Considered
broadly, the statement Indicates a prolonged
period of easy rates. One factor which is at
tracting some attention Is the condition of the
sterling exchange market. There is a possi
bility that with a continued piling up of money
here and a falling in rates, international
■ credits cannot be operated to advantage and
actual exports of gold may follow. The only
thing that can well prevent such an occurrence
is the maintenance of money here at something
above the level prevailing abroad. >..
Whether this can be done depends largely on
a revival in speculative activity. It is certain,
however, that* for every dollar of gold which
may be lost this season a greater number will
1* gained from Europe in the fall.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. May -26.— following table, i
Compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all the principal cities for the week
ended May 28, with the percentage of increase
| and decrease, as compared with the corres
'. ponding week last year:
;l ; • Percentage. i
! Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1,253,150,650 &4.8
Boston 131, %4, T00 44.8
Chicago '. .. 123,356,5.')$ 10.9
Philadelphia 82,578.446 IS. I
' St. Louis 28,779,319 8.5
Plttsburg 2H.454.720 63.8
Baltimore 8.457.888 88.3
San Francisco 16.608.151 27.2 .... ■
Cincinnati 13,994,230 10.1 I
! Kansas City 12.418,977 8.7 ...."
i New Orleans 6,656,087 .... 2.7 |
Minneapolis 8,996,895 .... ' 4.S
Detroit 7,947,083 25.0 ....
Cleveland 9,171,873 29.6
Louisville 7,491. 25.1 ....
Providence ...t 6,581,800 26.3 .... I
Mllwalkee 6.343.635 11.4
I St. Paul 8.990.652 .... 1.3 i
Buffalo 4,197,695 .... 4.6
Omaha 4.156.547 .... 29.5 I
Indianapolis 5.177,517 » .6
Columbus, O 6,220,700 30.7 I
Savannah 1,974,751 18.0 ....
Denver 2,932.106 12.5
Hartford 2,214,115 19.1
Richmond 2.743.083 27.4
Memphis 1,714,567 8.6 ....
"Washington 2.342,257 31.2
Peoria 1.918,129 14.7
Rochester 1,708.316 1.7
New Haven ........ 1.416.177 8.5
Worcester 1,544.255 20.4
Atlanta 1,310,164 23.7 ....
Salt Lake City..... 1,991.622 54.1 ....
Springfield. Mass .. 1,020,009 20.5
i Fort Worth  1,593,697 .... 26.4
Portland, Me 1,304.742 1.9
Portland, Or 1,584,657 .... 6.8
St. Joseph 3.405,704 9.9
Los Angeles 1.651,456 • 32.2
Norfolk 1.073.147 11.7
Syracuse 1,028.810 .... 8.1
Dcs Moines 1.295.650 22.5
Nashville 1.127.739 4.8
Wilmington. Del... 753.446 .... 4.0
Fall River 969,991 59.3
Scranton 1,195,617 ■ 42.5 ....
Grand Rapids 1,078,798 24.0
Augusta, Ga 584,975 46.7
! Lowell ...:... 656.867 27.9
Dayton,- Ohio 964.766 16.9 ....
Seattle 2,115,535 ' 89.0
Tacoma 1*30,770 .... 17.0
1 Spokane 1.311,758 65.6
Sioux City - 881,304 . 38.9 ....
.New Bedford 422,424 .... 14.5
. Knoxvllle. Term.... , 687,416 .20.5
Topeka 684,551 18.1
: Birmingham 713.294 49.4
"Wichita 456.409 5.8
Binghamton 327.300 .... 4:3
'Helena 628,800 13.3 . ....
Lexington, Ky 339,220 12.6 '....
! Jacksonville, . Fla.. 257,716 10.0 ....
Kalamazoo 318.130 .... 1.2
Akron 352.400 33.5 ...."
! Evansville, Ind .... 756,267 2.6
i Chattanooga 414.623 34.9
, Rockford. 11l 377.283 63.4 ....
Canton. Ohio 228,800 8.5 ....
Springfield, 0hi0... 303,556 5«.4 .. .
Fargo, N. D 239,335 21.9
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 127,729 36.5 .. .
Hastings, Neb 121.642 8.0 ....
Fremont, Neb.:.... 101,649 22
Davenport 742,446 10.9 . .
Toledo 1,626,45* ■ .... 322
••Galveston 4,780,400 9.5
••Houston 4.718.581 4.1 ....
Youngstown, Ohio. 385,159 , 48.4
i Macon .............. ' - 465.000 ' " 33. 6
•Little R0ck........ 310,235 ....
Totals, U. 8 $1,883,403,593 58.1 ~
Totals outside N.
V 595.222.913 21.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 12.606,804 15.3
Toronto 7,721,315 22.7
Winnipeg 1,421,661 .33.0 "" '
Halifax 938.382 .... 'j'7
Hamilton : 674,333 24.1-." '
St.- John, N. 8..... 509,531 .... "o"->
•Victoria," B. C.... 702,710 ' .... ....
Totals ....$ 23.873.026 .; 11.8 7777
•Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
••Not- Included in totals because containing
nth«r items than clearings.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 27— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Inactive to-day, but
the general tone was favorable, though Invest
ment securities were dull on continued ap
prehension of dearer money. Americans were
firmer and favorites were fractionally higher.
Others were unchanged. Spanish fours were
good at 62%. Tltrtos were 49. Paris is more
cheerful. Discount* wer« a ehaae higher.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
Money Is steady, but higher rates are expected
next week. .
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 27.— Canadian Pacifies, 100%:
Northern- Pacific preferred, 79; Union Eacific
preferred, 76 %; Grand Trunk, 7%; Louisville
and Nashville, 6%; Anaconda, 12. ».. -, , :;
Bar silver, steady, 26 l-16d per ounce. Money,
I*<sl%. ' _I_l_ ■ " "■ ■' ■ '"'
NEW YORK GRAIN AND , PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17.000 barrels; exports, 14,300. Steadily held but
dull. Winter patents, $3*Ss@4; do straits, $3 55@
3 65; do extras, $2 6003 10; do low grades, $2 45®
2 35; Minnesota patents, .s4@4 15; do -bakers',
$3<83 20. . ■ i\i\ '•.; '■ ■•■*.
WHEAT— Receipts, 245,140 bushels; exports, .
73,017. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 83% c spot and
to arrive f. o.* b. afloat. Options opened easy
In response to big spring wheat receipts and
lower English cables. Later they rallied on.
covering, particularly among May shorts, clos
ing that option %c higher, against %c decline
in . other months, and the general tone was
steady. May, 81%@82c, closed S2c; July, 79#®
80% c. closed 80% c; September, 78%@79c, closed
7Sc; December, 75%@79%c, closed 7»%c.
HOPS— Steady ; State common to choice, 1896
crop, 6&7 c; IS>97 crop, ll@13c; 4898 crop, 16@17c;
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 6ra'7c; 1897 crop, ll@>l3c;
1898 crop, 17@18c. - .. :■■_• .
HlDES— Steady; , California, 21® > 25 pounds,
18% c. • '
WOOL—
METALS— The brokers* price for lead Is $4 25
and for copper $1S 25@18 50.
PETROLEUM — Firm; refined New . York;
$7 20; Philadelphia and- Baltimore, $7 15; do. In
bulk, $*65. •
COFFEE — closed easy, unchanged to
10 points lower. Sales, 13.500 bags, including:
.May, $4 95; June, $4 90; July, $5; September.
$5 15; October, $5 20@3 25; November, *$5 20®
5 25; December, J(5 50; March, »o 65. Spot coffee
Rio, dull and easy; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7
Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, B@l3c.
SUGAR— quiet and steady; fair refining,
4HC; centrifugal, &G test, 4%c; molasses sugar,
4c; refined, firm; No. 6, 4 5-16 c; No. 7. 4%c; No.
8, 4 9-16 c; No. 8, 4%c; No. 10, 4 7-16 c; No. 11.
4%c; No. 12, 4 6-l«c;' No. 13, 4Uc; No. 14, 4%c;
mold A, 59,0 ; standard A. sV*c; confectioners"
A, 5%c; cutiloaf, b\c: crushed, 6%c; powdered,
5%c; granulated. 8 c; cubes, 6%c.
BUTTER— 7025 packages. Strong;
Western creamery, 15@lS%c; factory, 11%@13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5724 packages. -Barely steady;
Western,. 15@16c; Southern, ll@l3c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 27.— California dried fruits
steady.
KVAPORATED APPLES - Common, 708 c;
I-rlrm- wire tray, 8%®8%c; choice, B%®Bc; fumy,'
PRUNES— »i4@9%c
Royal. 13%©14 c; Moorpark. 14f?
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9%@11%c; peeled, 25®
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 2C.-Large Northwest re
ceipts, increased country offerings, favorable
weather and lower cables gave wheat a weak
start.- Liquidations were heavy and the mar
kedevei oped a downward tendency up to
within the laSt half hour, wheri it turned
strong on a general buying movement and
closed at about the top of the day's range
Renewed claims of damage to winter wheat
changed the > sentiment. July opened V<; '■•
lower at 74Va75c, declined to 74^c advanced
t( V"' i ' a ? d closed 'th buyers at 75 i@75%c.
Total shipments to Europe for the week
were estimated at 8,000,000 bushels. No ca«h
business was reported.
Corn declined on reports of Increased acreage
hfwer ° Cr ° 1 ' advices - Jul >' closed He
Large receipts and the 'decline in corn weak
ened oats. Cash demand fair. Receipts 575
cars. July closed V- lower.
Baying by packers induced by an improved
shipping demand and higher prices for hues
strengthened provisions. July pork closed 7-..,
10c. lard and ribs 2%c each higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ■ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May MX 74% 74% 74-
July 75 75% 74% 75%
September 7 «* 7 -,' :v 7: >
Corn No. 2— "
May 32', 32 ', 3*3' 82%
July 32% 32"i 32% 82%
September 83% 33% 32% V 3%
Oats No. 2—
May 23 25% 24% 24%
July ••• 22% 22% 22% 22',,
'September ]<<■■, ];.•,, jyij, i«i%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July BOS s 17% 803 815
.September 820 8 32% 820 8 32%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 500 505 500 5 02%
September 5 32% 517% 5 12% 5 17%
Short Ribs, per ]00 pounds-
July '.. 462% (67% 4 62% 4 67%
September ...'. . 4 75 4 SO 4 7.". 4 bO
«'ash quotations were as follows:
: Flour, firm; winter patents, $3 63^3 75;
straights, $3 3692 45; clears, $3 15533 25; spring
specials. $4 35; patents. $3 40© J 80; straights
$2 80@3 20; bakers', $2 20(if2 60; No 2 spring
wheat. 73%@74%ej No. 3 spring wheat, mw
73>ic; No. 2 red, 76@77c; No. 2 corn. 1 32» e; No
2 oats, 25@2.-.^c; No. 2 white. 27c; No. 3 white
'K\i®tfi\jM No. 2 rye, S2c; No. 2 barley. 34«i41c-
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 04; Northwest. $1 06; prime
timothy seed, $2 25; mess pork, per barrel. $8 06
8 10; lard, per 100- pounds, $4 !i74j."j- short rib
sides, loose, $4 4.V54 75; dry salted shoulders
boxed. 4%©4% c; short clear sides, . boxed/ $4 •*:,
'((.". 05; Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $! 26; sugar, unchanged. , •
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels- 2?.. 000 15,000 I
Corn, bushels 143,000 171,000
Oats, bushels r,6."i,0i1i) Eso.OOO
Rye. bushels 24,000 .......
Barley, bushels 3,000 ....!!!
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 12® 17 Vic ; dair
ies, 10916 c. Eggs steady; fresh, ISC. Cheese,
easy; creams, 5%®9%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6 l'i'4 ,-914
Closing 5 9% 5 i;
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec
Opening...' : 2 1 50 21 00
Closing M 20 50 21 00
Flour— ..■*' ?• •---'
Opening ." 48 50 2S 00
Closing 4.'! 50 28 00
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May 27,-There wn«. not enough
j cattle received t O-day to maKe a market, and
\ prices ruled nomln.il.
There was a lively demand for hogs,' and
prices ruled stronger, with- some lots selling
2'ic higher. Fair to choice sold at $3 8003 96;
heavy packers, $3 50®3 77%; mixed, • $3 BO©3 80;
butchers', $3 8603 87', ; light, $3 Gosi 3 &2V pigs
$3 30(&3 70. ' '
The small, supply of sheep were quickly dis
posed of at recent prices. Sheep sold at $2 7r.»;
4 25 for culls arid inferior lots* up to $4 T.M:. 50
for prime droves. Yearlings, $.'. 3005 75; clipped
lambs, $4 25^6 50, and Colorado going at the
top. Spring lambs, i6^B per 100 weight.
Receipts— 200; hogs, 20,000; sheep, 2000.
. FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 27.— Consols. 109%; Silver.
28 I-16d; French rentes, 102t 27',&e; Wheat car
goes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, easier; neglected, 3d lower:
Walla Walla, 28s 10% d.
LIVERPOOL. May 27.— Wheat, easy; No 1
Standard California. 6s ?,d<&'6« 4d; Wheat in
Paris, firm; Flour in Paris, firm.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, easy; No. 1 California, «s 3d
(JiGs 4d;No. 2 red Western winter, 6a; No. 1
red. Northern, Duluth, 6s 4d; futures quiet-
July, 5s 4%d; September. 5s B%d. :■ '
-.CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, nom
inal, 3s 5%d; do old, 3s 6V4d; futures, .quiet;
May, 3s 5%d; July. 2s 4%d; September, 3s 5%d
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm. 7s 6d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May Clearings, $203,030;
balances, $34,177. . • • ■ 'v
NORTHERN WHEAT ■ MARKET.
OREGON. : . ;
PORTLAND, Or., • May 27.— Walla
Walla, 59c; valley, 6<V((6oc; blue stem, 60@61c.
Cleared— British- ship Glcnflnart. for Liver
pool, with 112,958 bushels wheat, 10,346 bushels
barley. '". " •
WASHINGTON. ■
TACOMA, May Wheat closed the week
steady at the advance, which was a grain of i»£c
during the week In the local market. Club Is
&Sc;- blue stem,. 61c.
SPECIE MOVEMENT AT NEW YORK. ;
NEW YORK, May 27.— Exports of gold and
silver in this port to all countries for the week
aggregate $1,028,305 silver bars and coin- and
$750,984 gold. ■.. .
Imports of specie this week were $473,314 gold
and $152,844 silver. -/:. . ;
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86>4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S*-v,
! Sterling Cables — i 89Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 1214
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49%<g. r .O'^
' Fine Silver, per ounce — 61
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures advanced in sympathy
•with Chicago. The spot market was firm, but
unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 06%@l 08%; milling,
*1 10@l 12V4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
I 12,000 ctls, $1 16%.
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 17%;
28,000, $1 17%. May-« 000, $1 08%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 3o,ooo
1 ctls, 1117%; 34,000. f 1 17%. May-2000, $1 OS'i.
BARLEY— Spot feed was lower and dull. Fu
tures were steady.
Feed, $1 ODral 07%; Brewing, $1 10@l 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o"clock— No Bales.
•Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
S4%c; 4«00, 84»ic
Regular Morning Session — Seller '99, new —
2000 ctls, SSc; 6000, 86% c; 2000, 85*4 c December
—2000, 88% c.
OATS— There are bo few here that there is
hardly a market worthy of the name, and
sales are of course of a retail character. Prices
stand the same.
Fa»cy Feed, $1 47%@1 50 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 42%<£1 47%; common, $1 32%@1 40;
Surprise, $15U<5155; Gray, $1 35@1 45; Mlillng,
•|1 45&1 50 per ctl; Red. $1 35@1 40; Black, $1 30
4(1 32%.
6ORN— The market continues dull at the
familiar prices.
Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 32%: Eastern
large Yellow, $1 12%; White. $1 15@1 17%;
mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— 97%c@l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra,
$3 jr.ry 3 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFP— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 tbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55>9<; 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, H 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was dull as usual and prices showed no
change. Four or five cars of new came in and
sold within the quotations.
Bran and Middlings were firm, but tMere was
no advance.
BRAN— SI6(3I6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7«SI9 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23f?<24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 125W26 50; Job
bing. $27 60; Cocoanut Cake, $2ir<i'22: Cornmeal,
BtSEOO34SO; Cracked Corn, 124056; Mixed
Feed. $15«il6; Cottonseed Meal. $24<&26 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat. $10(512 for.j?ood to choice
and $7 5W9 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat.
$7©11: Oat, $G@10: Barley. $6@S; Alfalfa, 5507,
NEW HAY— Wheat, $7@S; Wild Oat, BSO7i
Alfalfa. $s<g7 per ton.
STRAW— 26<t}ioc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There was no change worthy of note. Busi
ness was slack.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 50; Small White, $1 90
62 10; Large Whites, $1 40@l 65; Pinks. $1 80®
1 90; Reds. $2 35; Blackeye, $4@4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $3 90@4; Pea. $2@2 35; lied
Kidneys, $2 5062-2 70 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, " i®3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2?; c per Hi: Alfalfa, SV4@9^c; Rape, 3@3>,4c;
Hemp. 4(^4>«ic; Timothy. 4%®5>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50&1 90; Green, $i 75
(32 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 495 boxes Asparagus, 136 boxes
rUinbarb, 210 sacks Peas and 3809 boxes and 231
sacks new Potatoes.
Asparagus and Rhubarb were both In lighter
supply and higher. Green Corn came in again,
but was not sold. Peas were firm at a further
slight advance. Beans were steady. Cucum
bers declined. Tomatoes were weak a.nd quiet.
Potatoes and Onions showed no change. •
POTATOES— OId. $1 2.V7J1 7:, per ctl: New Po
tatoes, Ijrrl^c per lb In sacks and 112501 50 for
Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— New. 25@35c per sack for red.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 75c(g$l 50 per
box for No. 2, $1 7.'f(T2 for No. 1 and $2 2.%®2 B0
for fancy: Rhubarb. ".Vwjl 25 per box; Green
Peas, 2<34c per lb; String Beans from Los An
geles, 4(S'sc for green and 406 c for Golden Wax:
String Beans from Vacavllle. sfz7c for green
and 6©7 c for Wax; Horse Beans. 3.Vgsoc per
sack; Cabbage. $l@l 15; Tomatoes, $10150
per box; . Mexican Tomatoes, t)/tll 50: Egg
Plant. 10W12V2C per lb: Garlic, 45) 5c for new;
Dried Okra, 15c per lb: Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, 10©15 c; Carrots, 30-5400 per
rack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 25@75c per dozen:
Sacramento and Marysville Cucumbers, $1 50J)2
per box; Summer Squash, 75c® $1 25 per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
More Eastern will be on the market to-mor
! row.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14f?ir.c for Gob
blers and 14<S~15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 75; Ducks, $4 50<£5 for old
and *.". 50*26 50 for young: Hens, $5- 50@6. 50; young
Roosters, $7©S 50; old Roosters, $5@5 50; Fryers,
$6*50 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 50 for large, $2 SO
@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $2@2 25 per dozen
for old and $2ftj2 25 for Squabs.
< GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
# Receipts of Butter were larger,- but prices
showed no change. Cheese was very weak, and
the top quotation is now extreme. Eggs were
steady at the advance already noted.
' BUTTER—
. Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17(a17'/4c; sec
onds. 16^c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16c; good to choice, 13@15c;
store, 12Vic per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, }<f?9c; old 7 : ..■■
Young America, 10c: Eastern. 13<gl5c.
EGGS— Quoted at lf.©l7c for store and 18@19c
per dozen for. ranch; Eastern, lai&l7c.1 a i&l7c. •
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1*42 boxes Cherries nn.l '• '■
Chests Strawberries.
cherries did better again under decreased re
ceipts. A canner paid ,s<- for Royal, Anne.
': Berries were firmer, as usual on Saturday. " '
Receipts of orchard fruits were light- and
Bold fairly. Figs from Palm Springs sold at
■ $1 25' per box.
There was nothing new in Citrus Fruits.
Apricots and Apples arrived from the river.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 50<ffi2 50 for fair to good and $3@
it 50 for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 60070 c
per box and 73c£i$l per basket.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 30c per drawer and
2%<5'3<4c per lb in bulk; Blackberries from' Ne
wcastle, $1 25- per crate; from- Covlna, C@2 25;
I Strawberries, $5 50i&7 per chest for small anil
1 $3 6Q@S for large berries; Raspberries, 40<?r30c
per drawer; Newcastle Raspberries, %l<al 25 per
crate; Logan Berries, 60c per drawer.
Currants, 2-"i<rf6sc per drawer. *
Cherries, 30«.*,0e for white, 60tf?90c for Royal
Anne and (o@7sc per box for black; black. In
bulk, 4(sj6c; white, 4 / <{'sc per lb; Royal Anne.
CljftSc. .
Green Pears, 75c per box. -
Apricots, $1 25 per crate and $1(<J1 23 per box
for Prlngles and $1 25@1 75 per box for Royals.
Peaches, 75c@$l 50 per box. ' ■ .
Plums, 75Ca$l 25 per box.
Cherry Plums. 75c(35l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 50@4
per box; Seedlings. $1 2j©2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50^2 25; Lemons, $1 25421 60 fur com
mon and $2©2 SO for 'good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4 50<?jf>: California Limes, 50<3 ! per
small box; Grape Fruit. BOcOtl; Bananas. $1 50
@2 per bunch; Pineapples. $3Q4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
A car. of evaporated Apples is reported on
the way from the East., •/
Eastern ; buyers : are bidding s^?T<!c for new
crop unpeeled Peaches, f. O.i b., -but no sales
at these figures are reported.
DRIED FRUITS— 7c for 40-50" a. 5@
6}4c for 50-60" s, 4®4V40 for 60-70" 3%ijj3%c for
70-80's, 2-y 4 S3Vic for 80-90' s, 2%@2"ic for 90-100" s
and 2«?2V«c for 100-110's; Peaches, B%@9V4c for
good to choice, 10<gl0V4c for fancy and 110 15 c
for peeled: Apricots, 12^@13c for Royals and
l<@lsc for Moorparks; Evaporated Applies. 9'iSJ
10c; sun dried, out: Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal, 1&C for unpftted and 4^'g;6c for pitted; j
Pears, 3fi9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4»ic for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4Vs<gGc for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20 I
for London layers: Dried Grapes, 2"i@3c.
. Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s<jTßc J
for hardshell, 10©lle for aoftshell; Almonds, S® !
9c for hardshell, 12fyl3c for softshell/ 14@i6c for j
papershell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4^^ i
Co for California; Cocoanuts, $4 f»o@s.
HONEY— Comb, 10<3Uc for bright . and Sig.tc
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7U®
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, S®6^c
25®27c per lb. ''■■•"■'
' PROVISIONS.
The market Is firm, and unchanged, with a
steady demand. ■■•
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
SV4@9c for light medium, 10^@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12'/4@l3c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 11® llVic: California
Hams, 10@10Vic: Mess Beef, $13 per bbi; extra
Mes3 Beef. $14; Family Beef, Us@ls 50; extra
prime Pork. $12 r extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb. '
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@5%c per lb for
compound and -7%@7%c : for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c: 10-lb tins, -B%c; 5-lb tins, !>%c. -
COTTOLENE— Tierces, » 6%@6;jc; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 In a case, iiV4c;
S-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, 8&c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a -case, B%c; bO-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets 2
lbs net. B\4c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7ftc; hair
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. . . • . •„. •
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Jacob Wollner's circular says: "Our Wool
market this month looks something like the
anti-free Wool tariff days.' There : has been a
rushing business -for the* past five weeks, and
at ; least \ 10,000,000 pounds have changed hands.
Everybody Is busy, \ the scouring -. mills E and
presses are all running and there Is a great de
mand for all kinds of Wool. Of course prices
are not ■as ! high as 1 could be expected from a
high protective tariff, but still it Is from 50 to
75 per cent higher than under the free ..Wool
tariff. With the ' condition of the .European
market for fine Wools, we should have much
; better prices, but there are still lota of * old
Wonls and woolen goods on hand which were
rushed In before the tariff went into effect two
years ago, and it may take a year yet before
extreme prices are reached. The people, with
all the prosperity and higher wages, still want
cheap clothing, and manufacturers cannot ob
tain high prices for their goods made entirely
of Wool, so the bulk of goods sold now is made
up largely of very little Wool and a great deal
of shoddy and cotton. The goods so manu
factured look well, but do not wear well. The
country is well cleaned up of Wool and tne
only .Wools to be marketed yet in California
are the Humboldt and Mendocino Wools. Ne
vada is well cleaned up, but In Oregon the
season is late, but old Wools are moving freely.
Sheep and lambs still command good prices."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers 10c; medium, 9@9V4c; light, SHe; Cow
hides ' 9e; Stags, 6@6Hc; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c : dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, MKg^Oc each; short
Wool Sssj6Oc each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90e@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4^c per lb; No.
? SVi(S3%c; refined, ; grease, 3c.
'WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns, 7 months. 7@9c; year's staple. 8@8c;
Foothill and Northern free, 31'gl-lc; Foothill
and Northern defective, 8@l0c: Nevada. 10©13 c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@16c.
Fall Wools—
.Northern Mountain 7 ©SV4e
Southern : • ©7Hc
Plains > «c
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10@Uc per lb for ordinary.
12®12%c- for good and 13@150 for choice to
fancy from first hands.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are slightly weaker again and the pack
ers will not pay over 5%c. The other descrip
tions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%@3&e per 1b for Steers and 6Vi<S7o
1 for Cows.
VEAL— 7@SV4c per lb.
"■ ' MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@»%c for ■ small, 5%c
for medium and 5(§.->Vsc for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%@oc; dressed Hogs, 7'fl>
8&c. , .■.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, S%tTSV2C for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quen
tin Bags, $4 95. '
Wellington, $8 per .ton; New' Welling-"
ton, *S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, 17 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, JS 50 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
'Gate, $7 60; Coke, Jl2 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, o%c; Dry
Granulated, sic; Confectioners' A, hYiC; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4T4c; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
Vie more; boxes, Vie more: 50-lb bags. . %c more.
No crder taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. . . .
LUMBER— The Pine Manufacturers' Assccia-
Tion yesterday advanced cargo prices for rough
?1, and for uppers $2 per 1000 feet.
RECEIPTS OP PRODUCE.
■ ■-.'> For Saturday, May 27.
Flour, qr ska .... 21,799- Hay. tons 454
Wheat, ctls 210 Wool, bags 4"2
Barley, ctls 1,755 Pelts, bdls ' 192
Butter, ft Is 205 Hides, No. 139
Cheese, ctls 4S Eggs, doz 16,290
Potatoes, sks ... 2,273 Lumber, feet ... 20,000
Onions, sks 800 leather, rolls ... 140
Bran, sks 1,551 Wine, gals 52,000
Middlings, s>ks .. 410 Lime, bbls 226
Sugar, sks 1,800! Chicory, bbls .... 10
Sugar, bbls -SSOI
OREGON.
Wool, bales 1| -
: WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .... 5, 0-521
EASTERN.
Malt, sks . .117
THE STOCK MARKET
Business was light In securities. Giant Pow
der was the only stork to show any activity,
selling at' $7."i I"''</ T.T. 87&. Oceanic was weak at
$ss r.o.
Mining stocks showed no change worthy of
note. The telegram from the pump said: "The
second elevator is working steadily on half
time, holding the water near the 1950-Coot level.
Have lowered the first elevator 92 feet below
the first position. "We expect to make the final
connection to-day and start it to-day or to-mor
row. The water is all out of the winze from
the 1750 to the 1800-foot level. Debris only la
left in the bottom."
The delinquent ' assessment sales of the Bul
lion,; Utah Consolidated and Confidence mining
companies will be held to-morrow.
Colorado claims to have produced up to Janu
ary 1. IS9B, in gold, silver, copper and lead
$620,973,311 4ii. The total production of these
metals during 1898 was (42,646,343 95.
The directors of the Tamarack Mining Com
pany have declared a semi-unnual dividend of
$4 per share, payable June 27. The payment of
this dividend will bring the total dividend dis
bursements up to $5,910,000.
The official report ■ from the Standard Con- j
solidated mine of Bodie, for the week ending
May. 20, states that raise 4 In the Moyle vein,
on the 150-foot level, had fourteen inches of
fair ore in the top. Raise 3 in the New vein,
on the 318-foot level, bad twenty-four inches of
low grade ore. The east crosscut in the Black
vein, same level, , was In hard ground. The
south drift in No. Id vein, 380-foot level, had
eight Inches of fair ore In the face. They were
still cleaning out the Bulwer crosscut on the
525-foot level. The raise on the 270-foot level, in
C vein, showed good pre. in the Btoping ground
the usual quantity of fair to good ore was ex
tracted. At the mill 250 tons of ore were crushed,
during the week. Average assay, vanner tail
ings, $I*so. Concentrates produced, one ton:
assay value, $1412 44. Amalgam produced ' 638
troy ounces; value per ounce, $1 27. Tailings
plant No. 1 treated 414% tons tailings during
the week.
There will be no sessions of the Stock and
Bond Exchange either on Monday or Tuesday
the latter being a legal . holiday. The board
will meet at the. regular hour on Wednesday
morning. - . * "
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. '.
SATURDAY. May 27—12 m.
. _ ' ' Bid.Aek.| Bid. Ask.
Bonds— : lEqult O L Co. 6% 7<i
i 4.1 quar. coup.. — .Mutual El Co. 14»-<. 1514
la quar reg.... — — Oakland Gas.. 44-£ 451.
I 4s quar new.. — 130% Pac Gas Imp. 64« — ' !
los quar coup.. — . I'ac LCo — 48
\ Miscellaneous— . 8F (■ & c.. 60*4 _
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — : San Fran...'.!.' if, 3Ti
Cal Elec L 6s. 123%127'V Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C AVat 55....'— 112%' Insurance—
l)up-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund. 22o —
EL* P. 65 ..130%— . Bank Stocks-
F& Cl Rytis.lls^ — Anglo-Cal — 1 63>4
Ge«ry-st R ss. 90 99 Bank of Ca1. .261 265'
IH C & .5'5«4b..1i«»4 - Cal S D&T. — 3S>4
I L A Ry os ...107 — Krst National. 22o f — •
!L A LCo «s..K)IVi — I^on P& A 130 132
I ,Da gntd 65..101H — Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65...125H - Nev Nat link. — ISO
Do Ist M a 5 .117 117-"* Savings Banks—
NCN G H 78.108 — ' Ger S & L. 1609 ,1640
N Ry Cal 65. .116 117 I Hum S & L. 1050 1160
N X of Cal 55.113V4 — 1 Mutual Say. 35 41' A
NPC R X 6s. — IKS IS F Say U.. SUO —
NPC It R ss. 105^ — S & L 50... — 88
N Cal R R 63.112 — Security S B 285 —
Oak Gas 55... 11 l — Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry .127 130 Street Railroads—
P & Cl'Ry 65. 107 — California ....116 —
P&O 6s 117 — Geary ." 67V4"—
Powell-5t.65... — 122% Market-st ..... 63>i 63V,
Sac El Ry ss. — — • oak S L & H— ' —
SF & N P 55. 116 HC'g Presidio — 15V4
S F & S JV55.114 114 v 4 Powder—
Sierra ß Cal 6s;lu:i<4 — California ....' — 175
S P of Ar-65.113^ — ')•: Dynamite... — !<2^4
] S P C 6s > 11905) — 112 'Giant Con Co. 76 : 76*.
SPC 6s (1901)) — — IVigorit 3% 3%
SPC 6s (1912) — — I Sugar—
S P C lscg on. 104% — ,Hana P C 0... 17% IVA
ISPBr 6s 123 — Haw c& S C.112}4 —
I S V Wat .116H116%, Hutch S P Co. 34 —
!S V Wat 45.... 104 — Kilauea S Co. — J2VI
[ S V W4s(3dm)lo2 I /4 — Onomea S Co. <;!';. 42? i
j Stktn Gas 65..102' / i — PaauhauS P. 4U4 41%
'Water Stocks — j Miscellaneous—
j Contra Costa.. 70 — !A1 I'ac A55n.113%115
! Marin Co 50 — , Ger Ld Wk5..250 —
; Spring Valley.lol — | Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric — Oceanic S Co. SS 86
Capital Gas... — — > PacA'FA.... 2V» ■ 2V4
Central G Co.. — — ' Pac S Bor C0.117M.121
Cent L & P.. 6?;— Par Paint Co.. 7^» —
•Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn ....'.:.'.. ...'..".;i14 00
5 Cairfornia Street R R ....... US 00
W) Contra Costa Water / '....70 2.">
25 Giant Powder Con .......,'73 25
30 Giant Powder Con 75 37/4
165 Giant Powder Con '. .-75 50
100 Giant Powder Con 75 62V4
> 60 Giant Powder Con .V 75 87 ,4
25 liana Plantation Co, b 30 17 50
125 Hutchinson S : P Co , 34 00
• 5 Oakland Gas ...45 00 •
25 Oceanic. S S Co S3 50 -
475 Onomea Sugar Co .".... . 42 60 "j
305 Paauhau S P Co 4123
9 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 65 00
35 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 65 12i,4
36 San - Francisco Gaslight .;.'........'... 3 62' 2
9 Spring Valley Water 101 00 *
• Street— : : • -....,  •■--.» v.-,
$2000 California St Cable bonds.... 117 00
100 Giant Powder Con .75 25
$7000 S V 'Water bonds . (3d mortgage) .UO2 75
INVESTMENT BOARD. V
-> ;.'.-■.■ Morning Session.
Board —
25 Central Light & Power .............. 6 75
■ 25 Market Street Railway 63 25
'40 Market Street Railway 63 37V4
25 Oceanic ! S S Co ...85 75 •
100 Vlgorlt Powder .........:....... 3 87^
. 20 Giant Powder .Con . . ... . . . . . .-. 75 00 .
SAN FRANCISCO . STOCK' AND EXCHANGE
f ; • BOARD. ;S .. ;' z ■
-.•■■■ < Morning Session. P r •*■' '•
1 ■ Board— •■•-'"■ ::-■.■>■■-;'-«. -"-■. :. '■{■- •■'"<'
100 Vigorit P.owder 3 S7V4
20 Spring Valley Water 10100
. ■ ,-■ .Street— -■--. ' ■ ' : ,> :\ - v ■
1 1500 United States 3 per cent b0nd5....... 108 00
■ ■■-"■■■■■ ' ■ •■■•■*:*
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Challenge 3.".| 300 Potosl .... ... 40!
100 Chollar 33! 250 Sierra >,evada. T»
1000 Con Cat & Va.l 75' SO Standard 2 6.'.
000 Gould & Curry 31 100 Utah li
200 Mexican SOl
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 09 300 Mexican ..60
600 Best & Belcher 54 300 Ophlr 1 1. ;
150 Chalenge Con,. 35 300 Ophir 1 lo
600 Chollar 33 . 201) Savage
200 Chollar 32 i MO Savage ..... •■ ■ . ffi
400 Con Cal & V.I TW 600 Sierra Nevada. 79
150 Con Cal & V...1 75 600 Union £on .... 46
200 Mexican 48 200 Yellow Jacket. 3.i
200 Mexican 49;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. May 27—12 m.
Bid.Ask.j Bld.Ask.
Alpha -• 06 Kentuck — ««
Alta 06 07 Lady "Uash .... 01 02
Andes 09 10, Mexican *S 50
Belcher 34 36 Occidental 30 —
Best & Belcher 54 65Ophir X S «
Bullion 06 07 Overman 16 J<
Caledonia 57 60 Potosl 39 40
Chollar 32 33 Savage 2=> S
Challenge Con. 34 35 Scorpion — ™
Confidence 1001 05 Seg Belcher ... 02 («
Con Cal & Va.l 73 ISO Sierra Ijeyada. .< <8
Con Imperial... - 02 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Crown Point... 28 2^;Syndicate —
Con Xew York. — 02 Standard 260 ■
Exchequer 01 03 St Louis 07 —
Gould & Curry 31 32 Union Con .... 4o 4b
Hale & Norcrs 3.". 36 Utah ........... « «
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 3S 39
Justice 19 20
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
NOTICE TO MARINKHS— WASHINGTON.
Notice is hereby given that changes were
made as follows in the buoyage of \V ashlngton
waters, which affect the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 189 S. '
Willapa Hay. main channel, across the bar
and up, the Willapa River, pages .6B. and 60-
Outer buoy, a black and white perpendicularly
striped. first-class can. marked with the letters
"W. B." in white, was moved May 3 and 13
now In 28 feet of water. . Willapa Bay light
house N. % E. ; house on outer, end of wharf
at To'ke Point NE. % N. ; north edge of trees
on Leadbetter Point, E. % S.
Inner buoy, page 60, a black and white per
pendicularly striped first-class nun, was moved
May 3 and Is now In 27 feet of water. Willapa
Hay lighthouse, north; house on outer end of
wharf at Toke Point NE. Ti N. : north edge
of trees on Leadbetter Point E. % S.
North edge of middle sands buoy No. 2, page
60, a red first-class nun, was moved May 3 and
Is now in 28 feet of water. Willapa Bay light
house N. % W. : house on outer end of wharf
at Toke Point NE. % N. ; north edge, of • trees
on Leadbetter Point SE. by E. % E.
Jenny Ford spit buoy No. 3. page 60, a black
second-class can, was moved May 4 and is now
In 18 feet of water. Willapa Bay lighthouse
W. UN.; house on outer end ,of wharf at
North Cove W.NW. % W. ; house on outer end
of wharf at Toke Point NE. • 
Lower end of middle ground, Willapa River,
page 60, a red sfcond-class nun. No. 8. was
moved May 3 and is now in .22 feet of water.
Willapa Bay lighthouse W.NW. % W.: house
on outer end of wharf at North Cove N\V. by.
W. *£ W.; house on outer end of wharf at
Toke Point NE. % N.
Entrance to Grays Harbor, pages SS, 63 and
Outer buoy, pages os and 63, a black and
white perpendicularly striped first-class can.
was moved May IS and Is now in 20 feet of
water. Lone tree on Damon Point N.NK. U E. ;
north edge of timber on Point Chehalls F.?N"i:.
% E. ; Willapa Bay lighthouse SE. %■ E.
Inner buoy, page 64, a' black and white per
pendicularly striped first-class nun. was moved
May IS and Is now in 23 feet of water. Lone
.tree on Damon Point N. by E. ■% E. : north edge
Of timber on Point Chehalls E. by N. ; Willapa
Bay lighthouse SB. % S.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
GEORGE C. REITER.
Captain U. S. N. . Inspector Thirteenth Light
house District.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surv<y—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf)- about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both -places.
SUNDAY. MAY 88.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th» early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
Jay In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide at
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
• ast tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
elven are additions to the soundings on the
onited* States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (— ) precede* the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r .frrpi, M \, th«, mean of;tb»> Iwc low waters
TIME BALL.
Branch HyrVA^^nnhlc Office. T. S N Mer
"»iant* - San Francisco.' >'al
May 27, ISO 9.
Tlip tlni.' bail on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlnft was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time
C. G. CALKTNS.
T,feTi»ennnt Commander. T. S. N.. in chnrce
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEMK.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 27.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr TTmatilla, Cousins, 5S hours from Vic
toria and Pugret Sound ports.
Stmr ProKreso, Gilboy, S6 hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Newsboy. Eliefsen. 20 hours from DaaJ.
Stmr Sunol. LiebiK. 23 hours from aHrdy
Creek.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. SI hours from
Departure Bay.
U S itmr SoUc*. Duulajj, Zi dajs from Ma-
nila, via Yokohama 22 days, via Honolulu 7%
j"ir'«nip Balclutha, 112 days from Calcutta.
Schr Novelty, Rosendall. 97 days from New
"schr Transit, Jorgenson. 17 days from Hono-
Schr Rio Ray. 36 hours from Caspar. .
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, u6 hours from
Coo.ui.ie River. . CLEARED
.-. ■.;•<• Saturday, May 27.
Stmr Bonita, Xicolson, San- Pedro; Ooodall.
Perkins & Co. * ■ . ...
i Whaling bark Alaska. Williams, whaling, via
I Kotzubue Sounnd: B Cogan. I
| Whaling sclir Bonanza, Smith, whaling; H
I Liebes & Co.' 1'
! Haw bark « P Rlthet, Colhoun, ■ Honolulu;
I Welch & Co. ... " .
I Bark Diamond Head, Ward, Honolulu; Wil
■ liams. Dimond & CC.
Br bark Brussels; Tonkin, Qiieenstown; J J
Moorse & Co. ■ •
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Ekrem. St Michael;
Alaska Exploration Co. :
SAILED.
■ 4 . ■' . . : Saturday, May 27.
.Stmr Levlnson, Portland. . ' ¥
V S Thetis, Buhner, 1 cruise.
Bark- Alaska, Williams, whaling, via Kotze
bue Sound.
Brig- Consuelo, Page. Mahukona.
Schr Tina, Harklns, Cape Nome.
Sehr Bonanza, Smith,- whaling.
'_ ' CHARTERS. ,
The Ceylon loads mdse for Honolulu; Mary
Dodge, mdse for Kahuiui.
The C S Holmes loads lumber at Port Blake
ley for Honolulu; Francisco Tozo, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Peru, corners' account; Dun
st&ffnage, wheat at this port for Europe. 2Cs 3d ;
Moel Filian, same voyage. 30a» prior to arri
val: Pegasus, wheat at Portland for Europe,
Sis 3d.
SPOKEN.
• April 20, lat 52 42. S, lons 124-37 W-T> ship
Eaton Hall, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
May 14. lat 21 19 X, long 128 45 W— Br ship
Balmoral, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
. • MISCELLANEOUS.
■ LONDON. May IS- -Fr bark Gen Xeumayer,
from San Francisco. Jan 6, at Gloucester, re
ports heavy -weather during voyage. On March
3 was thrown on beam ends, jettisoned 300 bags
of cargo; three, sails blown away.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 26— Bktn
Quicksteo; hence May 12.
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 27— Schr Corona
from San Pedro, for Port Gamble.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in May 27— Schr
American Girl, hence May 11. .
Arrived May 27— Schr J D Tallant, from Port
Gamble, for Honolulu; stmr City of Topeka,
from Dyea. .
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived May 27— Schr
Mary Etta, hence May 25.
Sailed May 27— Schr Bender Brothers, for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived May Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence May 25. - • ■ .
! NEWPORT (S)— Arrived May Stmr West-
I port, from .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 26— Schr John
D Tallant, for Honolulu.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May Schr
; American Girl, hence May 11.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SWANSEA— SaiIed May 27— Br bark Inver»
naid, for San Francisco.
BRISBANE— SaiIed May 26— stmr Wani
moo, for Vancouver.
j ■Arrived May 27— Br stmr Aorangl, from Van-
I couver.
! ANTOFAGASTA— Arrived May 25— ship
! Auldglrth, from Newcastle, Alls.
i •AMAPALA— Arrived May 26— Schr Norma, fm
; Carmen Island.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 18— Schr Aloha,
j hence May 6; bark Mohican, hence May 4; schr
! Chas R Wilson, from Grays Harbor; Br stmr
i Carmarthenshire, from Yokohama.
Sailed May IS— Bktn. W II Dimond, for San
I Francisco.
I The Ger stmr Fai Fu and schrs TV H Talbot
and F S Redfleld are to sail for San Francisco
I May 19.
CHAMPERICO— Arrived May 24— Schr W S
Phelps. hem April 24.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived May 27— Ship Lv
: cUe, hence Man .'. :;
OCEAN TRAIEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. w. Steamers leave Broadway
.l^bsj,. wharf. San Francisco:
' 1 i^^^^lk. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i ; F^^srvSik May 21 - '-"'• 21; June 5; cnansl>
! B&9B wl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! MKalßil C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
- i r^^^K^Bßa Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. May 21. 26. 31: June
; E. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
; Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
: and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
I Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p m,. May
| 19, 24. 29: June 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. M-onterey, San Simeon.
Ca.vuccs. Pert Harford (Pan Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenem».
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
, Newport. 9 a. m.. May "0. 24. 2S; June 1, and
! every fourth day thereafter. :
For San Diego, stopping only nt Port i Har-
ford- (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 18. 22. 26. 30; June 3. and every fourth
i day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Mnpdalena Bay, San Job* del
I Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
i and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
] month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right -to change
| without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i ar"l hours of psUfne.
TICKKT OrrtOß —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PFRTCINS & CO.. Gen. Acts.. '
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARP * 12 rirst ciassi including Berths
IMIIL $8 Second Class and Meals,
| Columbia sails May 23. • ,
State of California sails May 18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*,
j Helena and all- points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
; GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
rrw stork, Southampton. London, parii.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
: New York May 31 ! New York June a
St. Paul... June 7 .St. Paul June 2S
j 6t. Louis... .....June 14 St. Louis July I
RED STAR LINE.
v »w Yoplf nnd *n two Tit.
From New York Every Wodnesday, 12 noon.
. | Kensington May 31 [South 1 June 21
I Noordland ... June 7 Westernland ...June 29
; Friesland June 14 1 Kensington July. 5
EMPIRE LINE.
«senttlo. .St. Aflohmf. Davvsoi Ctt».
I For full Information" regarding freight and pa».
sage apply to - . . .
I INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies. .
TOYO KISEN
! STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
I *-* ncr First and Brannan streets, lpm for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong ■ with steamers for
India, etc ' No cargo received on board on day
: of. sailing. , ' . \ , ;
; NIPPON MART' ..Tuesday, June 27
' AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
j HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St., corner First. 
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
fF?J?"SBiIB# T. he : a s - Australia
S&SSfillE. - alls for Honolulu
ITS • - "^ Wednesday. May 31. .
Qj^/^JT^ s * s - Alameda Bails
isils2Tl\nin(J via Honolulu and
Cyl-.>Gil!Jlliy w Auckland for Sydney
ffimß3!?U-*- Wednesday. June 14.
ts^» AOlilpQlwl at 10 p.m.
■ Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
| Samoa. New Zealand. Australia,. India. Sues,
i England, etc.: $610 first class. " ■; . -■'• '•
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
i Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
i '
• COMPAQNIS GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUK
DIRECT LINE. to HAVRE-PARIS, --p-ry
! Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <_2r!^J>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •***==-?««*
I Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, June 3;- LA CHAM-
| PAGNE. June 10; LA BRETAONE. June 17:
i LA TOURAINE. June 24; LA GASCOGNE. July
| 1. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per
I cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
. Havre, $4.". 10 per cent reduction on round trip.
: GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
i J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco:
I — J
j ■ BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
| STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave . Washington-street wharf at 6.• p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
.; Telephone Main 805. , . ■
' ' FOR U. S. HAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."'
VION., Tues., Wed., Thura. and Sat. at 9:45
! a. m.. 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
| days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
i p.m." Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
I FARE «... SOq .
i , - . ■ . - - — -.Boy's and Girl's Page
jrtir I
*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦> ♦.+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦>♦♦.♦
t' THE WATERLOO OF THE 4
* FUNNY OLD CEMENT MAN «■
By Elsa Hu£&. San Francisco.
THE children were in the kitchen
frolicking with Biddy, when the
bell rang. As she went to an
. It they trooped after her.
pened the door to a pal>\
man. with flowing light hair,
- holding a calico bag.
the lady of the house at home.
I from him so that Biddy was
' ted off her feet. That is. she says
• she weighs over 200 pounds
■ must have been a power.
Anyway, it scared little Ropy so she
to hMe her face in Biddy's Eklrt
•". It safe.
il ' answered Biddy.
• [sell you some of my cement.
Tt will mend anything in chlnaware.it
the Great Parmenian; ai
ry fust prize in th
h this he held up a small bottle
thick, white fluid.
Is nothing broke in tne
said Biddy. „_
"Oh. Biddy, there is!" cried Tom. I
bj the kitchen window
:• and heard you
I looked in
,n a chair putting it away
• If in the closet."
• v around when you
si mewhere else," spoke
11 y. "And I was only try
place for it."
this the children clapped their
they knew Biddy. Then
Id .: • fully: "And. Biddy.
is my wash pitcher that you
xhf handle from only yesterday."
ti was s.> long ago, I forgot,"
,y. with a wink.
"Ho, ho, Biddy, th.ere is nothing
en in the house, is there?" teased
Here he tried to hug her; but her
-t was too large. So he hugged her
instead. The'children loved Biddy.
r mother loved her, too, even if she
• hard on the dishes.
' "This wonderful cement is only 25
. ." boomed the delicate little man.
"Twenty-five cents?" echoed Biddy.
m. "Twenty-five dollars!"
"It will be worth more dollars than
that if you use it. Just let me go in
• i show you how it works."
"Never!" cried Biddy.
!• t him show us, Biddy," begged
■■ . "Perhaps it will mend my china
V ••<», do, Biddy," urged Tom. "Think
it plate and the wash pitcher.
■ s— there may be others."
Biddy turned pale. Then, as she
will have it. Bhe hardly knew what she
■ hat cement man was
the kitchen, trying the oven.
"This oven is Just warm enough," he
briskly. "Mrinc me everything."
Lucy brought her dull and the
ler. Ami Tom climbed after the
to find it was keeping
with a broken platter ar.'l a
• : He introduced the plat
r to Biddy as her dear de
tten on«"S, when Biddy got
Lde him hold hts tnngue. Five
fterward the mended articles
the oven, and, as Biddy said,
I >oking for all the world like new.
they are on their legs." said
the i an to Biddy. "But be sure to
rh^m in triers an hour and not let
come near them for a day. Then
they will stick together till eternity. I.
• ; to tell you I charge' noth
fmy time.*"
a fresh bnttle from the bag.
iv became the owner of this
paying twenty-£|ve cents.
When the hour was ur> Biddy took
!]•' mended articles carefully. But
ll's arm fell off at once. Next
I ■• dishes and pitcher fell apart as
as water touched them. But
Idy kept on trying the cement un
he got tired. Nothing would stay
i. Then she vowed she would
that cement man a piece of her
If ever shf> raught him.
A year afterward the family was re-
From Young Friends
THK hardest puzzles to solve last
k were Nos. 3 and s—Soquel5 — Soquel
k-1 and Pea-scad-ear-o) and
Pescadero. At least those were
the ones that caused the greater
f mistakes. The answers for
Sunday are as follows: Halfmoon
Soquel, Monterey, Pcsca
l < r uz. Ix>di. There are
Biding in another part of (ho city. One
Saturday morning, just after Mrs. Cal
vert ha-l gone out, Ned saw something
from the Bittin«-room window that
caused him to run and open the front
door just as the i>eli rang.
"Is the lady of the house at home?"
resounded through the lung hall, and
even to Biddy in the kitchen.
This time Biddy was certainly lifted
off her feet. Yes, she Jumped for joy.
Then she seized a broom and snatched
'. hing from a shelf. In a few more
seconds stu- was standing before the
man exclaiming: "Ah, I see you again!
And the bag, too!"
The man seemed surprised.
"What have you now?" she asked,
grimly.
"I li-vp some wonderful cement," an
swered the man in weakened tones. ''It
is called the Great. Glori-National, and
has taken all the first prizes in Araer-
A Party of Dolls Under the Red Rose Brier.
THAT firm friend nT the children, R. W. Ri'rrs of Fresno, ha? made a
picture of a doll party in a garden. The dolls are having a good time.
One doll has lo>t a hand- hut that docs .not matter! Perhaps that is
not the only doll in the world having only one hand! What do you
think about that? Is that a bad guess? After all Polly may be a jolly
dolly!
ica. This is it."
Then he held up a bottle exactly like
Biddy's.
"The bag is the same, and th* 3 bot
tle is the same. And this is the bottle's
twin!" Here she h^ld up her own.
"Now. where is the 25 cents I paid you
for that worthless Great Parminyun
cement?"
"I know nothing about any Great
Parmonian cement," faltered the man.
"Yon pronounce it just as you did on
that day." Bald Tom, with a chuckle.
"Yr-s, you are the old Parmenian fraud,
sure. Lucy, get your china doll."
This doll was dearer than ever to
Liucy, as now it had no arms. So off she
ran. to get it from the sitting m
where she had just been dressing it in
a new frock.
"I'd lik*> to break every bottle In that
bap," said Biddy, as Bhe raised the
broom. "The whole thins isn't worth
the 25 cents you pot out of m» on Grand
street for your old plate-breaking ce
m<>nt that was going to make things
many more lessons in California geog
raphy that are pictorially possible, but
this morning you will p^e the names,
in pictures, of articles often found upon
your tables — very often in fact, al
though the first glance may make you
puzzle. Having given the names of the
perfect guessers of the week in the Roll
of Honor, the Rruessere who stand n>-xt
THE SAJS FKAS i CISCO CAJ^L, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
WHO expects to have a good time— and adventures — during the vaca
tion? All of you? Of course, and that is just right.^ Some will go
to the country from the cities; some will visit the cities from the
country; others will" stay at home. You will all wish to know how your
friends 'are enjoying the season of freedom from study. How can you get
that knowledge? .The best way will be to write to. the Boys' and Girls' Page
of The Call. The interest will depend largely upon your skill in descrip
tion. Let us have some "truly" vacation stories. But, hold on a minute.
The Call could not be made large enough to hold all that you can all write,
for your number is equal to an army. Some stories might be crowded out. The
first" rule is that the best will be printed, providing that the length does not
exceed 500 words. It is necessary to make a limit as to length. There will
be room for good stories. More than this, this promise is held out to you
that the writers of the best six stories will have their portraits in The Call,
with brief biographical sketches of the writers, on the Boys' and Girls' Page.
after vacation. Children who stay at home 'may write better than others.
This invitation is open to all children who will have a vacation. Pull the
latchstring and come. in.
last till eternity! And look at Lucy's
doll — two arms gone instead of one!"
The cement man ga^ed at the doll
Lucy was holding out to him as though
it was a ghost. Then he began to back
down the Steps. And suddenly dropped
the bag, but still kept on backing.
".Mr. Humbug, don't .leave all that
precious cement/'apoke Biddy, mock
ingly. "Mr. Great Parminyun, Mr.
Great Gory-Natural, you ought to be
in the State's Prison!"
Th»- cement man had backed nearly
d.v. n the steps.
"The Great Parminyun cement, is
it?" wei ' on Biddy, as she lunged with
the broom. "And the Great Gory-Nat
ural?" Sure, its worth 2- r i cents to see
your eyes stick out, Mr. Humbug."
The cement man had reached the bot
tom step.
"Now, for your" And Biddy made as
though she was going after him. Then
Bhe laughed in triumph. For the ce
ment man was fieHng around the cor
ner—never to be seen again.
to honorary are named as follows:
Robert Edward Anderson, 3736 Twenty
fourth street, Kan Francisco; Jennie It.
Pulsifer, South Vallejo, CaL; Annie Fitz
f." raid, Gilroy; Nellie Sullivan. Sl9 Hai*ht
Btreet, Ban Francisco; Lucy Farrell, i:7l l
Bryant street; Mary Ellen Fuselier. 218
Castro street: "Willie Park, lor, Andover
avenue. San Francisco; Nellie Oster. 211
Shotwell street; Inez P. Bott, 2143 Dwight
way, Berkeley; Herbert Merrill, 406 East
Eleventh street, East Oakland; Isabella
■\Vilkie, 433 Oak street.
A young friend sent in a correct list
of answers from 1762 Ninth avenue,
Oakland, but forgot to sign her name.
That explains why credit is not given.
The writer is tntitled to appear as hon-
orary. Send in the missing name.
Dear Editor: I take great interest In (ho
Boys' ;iiid Girls" page and in reading the
letters from other children. As I have
more this week than many of your
readers I will try to tell you what I have
Been. I went to the Junior Christian En
deavor convention Saturday afternoon. I
took part in a dialogue composed of eight
ROLL OF HONOR.
J Stewart O. Kendall, 1076 Fourth
«■ street, Oakland; Edith M.
► Shaver, Routiers. Sacramento
5 County; Jessie Ryan, Caliente,
► Kern County; James Calvert,
) 2719 N street, Sacramento; Bes
► sic Whitty, 1104 Mission street;
5 Clifford Lord, Grass Valley;
£ Josephine Allen, 1307 Fourth
 street, San Diego; Hazel Allen,
► Lincoln, Cal.; Emily Houston,
► 52 Silver street; William Morris
I Cohn, Folsom, Cal.; Raymond
► de Sanne, Vallejo; Clinton Ben
* nett, Gilroy; Daffodil Daven
-1 port, San Francisco; Roy V.
* Bateman, 1538 Ellis street; Anna
I Schroeder, 640 Central avenue,
, Alameda; Caroline Herlitz, 3219
- Twentieth street; Willard Bas
► sett, 72S Eighth street, Oakland;
► Clarence Weislrod, 920 Oak
I street, San Francisco; Amy W.
f Robinson, 1016 East Sixteenth
* street, East Oakland; Robert
I Clark, HIS Myrtle street, Oak
► land; Charles Levinson, SS Cum
► berland street, San Francisco;
I Edith Searle, 211f> Alameda aye-
" t nue, Alameda; Woodie Sawyer,
► 107 ColU ng wood street, San
' Francisco; E:thel Vandervoort,
J Sunol ("lien, Alameda County;
- Pauline Young, Golden Gate;
* Edna Prosek, Hermann street;
' Gertrude Klemm, Prosper street,
1 San Francisco; Otto Bach, 425
Greenwich street; Colonel Brier,
1116 Thirteenth street, Sacra
, mento; Kate Manning. Sausa
. lito; Arthur Barry, 130 Pierce
I street; George Barry, 130 Pierce
" street; Edna Reimer, 27**. Oak
- street; George Weber, 1605 Du
' pont; Edgar Randall, 1833 Me
' Allister; Grace Lloyd, 2507 Sut
. ter street; Myrtle Kirkbride,
San Mateo.
Dear Editor: This Is my first letter and
would lik* 1 to see ft published. We take
The Call in our house. My grandmother
has been taking it for over twenty-five
years, nnd would not give it up. I find
great pleasure in guessing the puzzles
which come in the Children's Page. I re
main, your friend. MI 1-TON WHITE.
1232 Pino street, San Francisco.
The Lady in Grey
A DEAR little lady all dressed In gray,
Sits at her door-step spinning
away.
Her bright eyes a-spying all that
go by,
And nodding with pleasure to beo
or to fly.
Under an ivy leaf glossy and green.
This fair little lady's home can be seen,
Everything in it as neat as a pin.
For none but My Lady goes out and
comes in.
She's a great little worker, this lady in
gray.
Spinning webs of fine silk both by night
and by day,
Which she weaves into nets of figures so
line,
Then hangs them to dry by her door on
a line.
In the morn's ruddy sunlight, each tiny
thread
Seoms strung with diamonds and rubies
red.
And the delicate nets of our lady in
gray
Entice all the flyers that fly that way.
9+ o+o-f o-f o♦o ♦ o o ♦ o-f o-f o-f o-f o
children— one to represent a leader and
one for each committee of a junior Chris
tian Endeavor Bocfety. I represented tho
music committee of the Christian Church
of Berkeley. There v;ere throe little Chi
nrsp not over 6 years old from the Oak
lar.r] Chinese mission who sang a hymn
together. Then one sang a solo and an
other played on tho piano, and I think
they did groat credit to their teacher. I
hope I have not written too lons a letter
to find space in your letter column. Your
friend, INEZ P. SCOTT,
.2143 Dwight way, Berkeley.
Dear Editor— l would like to see my let
ter published in the Sunday paper. I go
to the Catholic school. Vacation will be
here soon, and I hope to enjoy it. I have
four sisters and four brothers. I remain,
your little reader,
LEONORE PETERS.
225 Eleventh Street, San Francisco.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to
The Call. I am In the fifth grade in the
Hearst Grammar School. My fatMer has
heon taking The Call for many years.,
and is pleased with It and so am I with
the children's page.
CLARENCE WEI9LROD.
920 Oak street, San Francisco.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl, 10 -years
old. I go to the Mission Grammar School.
I am in the fifth- grade. My teacher's
name is Miss Harvey. My chum is Jessie
McKay. My aunt takes The Call and T
like to guoss the puzzles on the Boys'
and Girls' Page. As this is my first letter
I wish you would publish it. Yours truly,
NELLIE OSTER,
211 Snotwell street. San Francisco.
Song of Vacation
Jf Y 0 for the woodland, the river, the seat
I I Lay down your burdens and laugh with great glee.
Abandon the schoolroom, of wisdom we've store,
The joys of vacation are with us once more!
Loiter the meadow and angle the brook,
Slumber and dream in some leaf-shadowed nook.
Hail the bright sun in his overland race
Till freckles and tan are abloom on your face.
Ho for the woodland, the river, the sea!
Lay down your burdens and laugh with great Glee.
Abandon the schoolroom, of wisdom we've store,
The joys of vacation are with us once more!
"Ma, what is the baby's name?"
"The baby hasn't any name, Freddie."
"Then how did he know he belonged
here?"
MAGGIEK-liiOTTlNGl!!?
— SAN JO&&.—
And the bee or the fly that steps up to see
What this beautiful, glittering thing can
be
Will soon find itself, with the greatest
dismay.
At the little dark door of the lady in
gray.
Who enters the door of the lady in gray
Must make up his mind with her ever to
stay,
And the bee or the fly that has stepped
on that net
Has never been known to return from
there yet. ■::':.-',
Loretta Terry of San Francisco Tells of the Beautiful City Guarding tl^e Golden Gate.
I WILL, write for the benefit of
some children wljo read the Boys'
and Girls' page, who do not live
in San Francisco, something about
t!ie city. Supprrse that you were
coming to the city for the first time
and came in by way of Oakland. After
you get off the ferry-boat you find
yourself in a large waiting-room and
after looking around it for a few mo
ments you are moved along by the
crowd to the door of the depot, where,
after getting; over your fright of be
ing carried by the people, a ne%v trouble
awaits you. For you take only three
steps when you hear a voice calling,
"Get out of the way!" and you turn
around to see a horse nearly on top of
you. After you step out of the way
for that you see express wagons, hacks,
carriages and 'buses flying in every
t THE SOFT ANSWER THAT
♦ TURNED AWAY WRATH
WON'T it be fine to see our
stories come out in the pa
per? I really can't believe
it," said Rose, and the dark
eyes sparkled with pleasure.
"If they accept them it will," was
Ethel's quiet response. "That's so,
answered Rose, and the bright look
faded from her face, but instantly
lighted up* again, as she said: "Well, if
they don't accept these we will write
some more. Won't we? Now let us
read." And taking up a volume of
Dickens' works she began to read, but
Ethel interrupted her by saying, "Jes
sie said she would come here to-day,"
then looking at the clock, "it is about
time she was coming."
It was a cold December day and the
girls were sitting in a large old-fash
ioned library in Ethel's home, which
her grandfather had used for his study
when he was living. The walls were
CHAS W. MCCABE
OAKLAND
lined with books, and old-fashioned
pictures hung on the wall. Busts of
musicians, authors and famous men
stared at you from all sides of the
room, looking down from their stands.
Large, old-fashioned chairs, a table
and writing desk, a piano and a violin
completed the furnishings of the room.
Ethel and Rose were fast friends and
both being very fond of reading spent
many pleasant hours in the old study.
They were sitting before a table, both
in one chair. Two manuscripts were
lying before them, tied with blue rib
bons, and they had been looking very
intently on them. They were stories
which the girls had written to send to
the paper and they were anticipating
the pleasure in seeing their stories
come out in print.
Just then Jessie did come, with her
curls bobbing up and down, and im
mediately seated herself, saying,
"Hello, girls. I've brought my sewing.
I'll sew while you read.
Ethel was a blue-eyed girl of four
teen, brown hair, pink cheeks, very
quiet, sweet tempered, kind and happy,
and had altogether a very amiable dis
position.
Rose was a happy, jolly, active,
quick-tempered but kind girl of thir
teen years- '.if age and loved by every
one. She had bright black eyes, short
brown braids, a round, chubby face,
rosy cheeks and a laughing mouth.
Jessie was also thirteen years of age.
She had yellow curls, which bobbed up
and down on all occasions, blue-gray
eyes, fair complexion, and dimpfe's
played on either cheek; rather distant,
very polite and lady-like.
As Jessie entered the room the girls
quickly hid their manuscripts, for it
was to be a secret, and a surprise to
Jessie. But being to perceive
Jessie saw that the girls were hiding
direction. Soon you get into a car, the
nearest one to you. Well, suppose that
it is a Hai^ht-street car. After you
are seated you will no doubt look out
of the car windows. If you were sit
ting on the north side of the car you
would see, looking through the BOUtiS
windows, as you rode along, the tallest
building in the city, the Claus Spreckels
building. You will ride through miles
of streets, lined with stores and resi
dences. Finally you will come to where
the car will stop. That is at the en
trance to Golden Gate Park.
You can now walk along a gravel
path, with beautiful cultivated and
wild flowers on both sides. You come
upon an open space covered with grass
and fenced off with trees, which is the
baseball grounds, and there are amuse
ments for men and boys. After leaving
this you see the children's playground,
By Isabeile Wilkle, San Francisco.
something from her and quietly in
quired what it was, but the girls only
smiled in response. Jessie, rising from
her seat, said, "Please, girls, tei) mo
what it is," and going to the writing
desk where Ethel had put the stories.
She opened the lid and took up
the manuscript written by Ethel,
which was entitled. "A 'Garden
of Roses," and with an ex
clamation of delight said, "Oh! I
know what you girls have been doing;
writing stories for the paper." and she
began to read it aloud, but Ethel quick
ly snatched it, Baying, "I shouldn't
think you would do that, Jessie. We
were going to surprise you. Look! you
are tearing it. Plpase be careful," "but
Jessie had fast hold of one end. "I
don't think you should hide things
from me when I come," she said.
Anger sparkled in Rose's dark ey.es as
she beheld the once neat paper
wrinkled and torn, and starting up she
stammered out, "You mean thing."
Ethel had released her hold and wag
looking hopelessly upon her story, and
in a moment of anger Jessie tore the
manuscript into little pieces. Rose
sprang toward her to save it, but it
was too late, for there it lay upon the
carpet, ail wrinkled and torn. Before
either girl could realize what had hap
pened Jessie was walking from the
room, her curls bobbing more than
ever, saying as she went, "If I'm not
wanted here, good-by then," and with
a stiff bow she left the two girls to
look wistfully after her as she went
down the stairs and up the hill without
looking behind once, while Ethel paid:
"Now she \z mad. What shall we do?"
Then she got up, went to the piano
and ran her fingers lightly over the
keys to smooth down P se's ruffled
feelings, but when she realized that the.
story she had worked so hard over wa3
torn and that her other copy had been
destroyed she burst into sobs. "If I
were you I wouldn't care about her,
but when you see her again tell her
she needn't come down here any more
if she is going to act that way," said
■Rose, with an angry toss of her head.
Ethel did not answer, but putting on
her hat said: "I am going to tell Jessie
to come back again and not be angry."
"Going to tell her to come back
again," repeated Rose. "Well, I never
saw such a girl as you are: always for
giving somebody " But Ethel was
down at the gate by that time. It had
started snowing and Jessie was far out
of sight. She ran back into the house,
wrote a note to Jessie, saying she hoped
she was not angry and she was sorry
if she had treated her impolitely. Th n n
putting on her cloak she went out again
into the snow. Rose had gone home to
wait for Ether to return.
Jessie's home was about two miles
from Ethel's home. Ethel kept walk
ing on and on, though the snow waa
falling faster an^l faster and it
kept growing colder and colder.
She reached Jessie's home at last,
put the note under the door, rang the
bell and started on her course home
ward. A great wind had come up and
snow was blowing in all directions, the
storm was still increasing and Ethel
was getting stiff and cold, but she still
ran on. till fairly exhausted she sat to
rest upon the snow.
A long time did Rose wait for Ethel
to return, but no Ethel did return, un
til at last Ethel's mother grew anxious
and sent Ethel's elder brother for her.
They found her lying stiff and cold in
the snow. She was brought home and
put to bed and she tossed all night upon
the bed, but while she lay awake she
felt her reward of forgiveness was the
peace at heart. Two other girls lay
awake that night, one repenting for
her unkind act and wondering how the
other could he so kind, the other wish
ing she had been as kind as her friend.
The next day after school Rose went
over to see Ethel, but they did not sit
in the library, as usual, for Ethel lay
propped up in pillows and Rose was
reading to her, when Mary, the hired
girl, said that a friend wished to see
her. "Bring her in here, Mary," said
Ethel, then turning to Ri>se said, "I
wonder who it is?" Just then the visi
tor was ushered into the room, and who
could it be but the owner of the bob
bing curls, bobbing as usual, but very
meekly now. and she held a bunch of
flowers for Ethel. Ethel held out h^r
hands toward her and Jessie went
quickly to the bedside, saying, "You're
the dearest girl I ever knew. How
could you be so kind and I so unkind?"
Then turning to Rose she said, "I hope
you are not angry?" "Not at all," said
Rose. "I know I should not have spoken
so cross and I'm glad we are all friends
again." Jessie again turned to Ethel
and said, "How could you be so kind?"
Ethel smiled from the depths of the
pillows. "It was mamma. She told
yesterday morning always to return
good for evil, and it just fitted in at
the right time." Jessie turned to the
window to hide a tear that was glisten
ing in her eye as she murmured, "I
wish I had a mother."
That afternoon as Jessie went away
the girls watched her from the window,
both feeling as they had never felt bo
fore whr.t a warm heart beat beneath
the blue cloak, and three -iris learned
that day that "a soft answer turneth
away wrath."
where there is a merry-go-round,
swings, see-saws and variou9 other
amusements for the children. After
leaving this you walk a short distance
and come upon a largo space covered
with benches. This is the music stand,
where the band plays every Sunday
and Thursday from 2 o'clock until 4.
There la also a museum, where there
are stuffed birds and animals, mum
mies, swords, guns and a great many
other things used in olden times. There
are a number of live animals and
birds in the park, and there are also a
great many other things in this park.
People living in San Francisco can
take the car and ride to the beach,
where there is great amusement in
bathing and wading. There are a great
many other places of amusement in
San Francisco to which the city chil
dren and all visitors from abroad go.
3132
OAKLAND'S PRIZE BABY.
She Took the "Baby Prize" at Oakland's Golden Carnival.
At the recent Golden Carnival which the Native Sons and Daughters held in
Oakland a handsome gold cup was offered to the prettiest and most intelligent
Native Daughter entered in the competition. The rules restricted the limit of
age to three years. The first prize was taken by little Norma Woods, who was
just two years of age at the time of the carnival. The judges decided that the
young lady was th.? handsomest and most intellectual Native Daughter .among
all those who wen brought to the Exposition building by their admiring
fathers and mothers. Norma is the daughter of Mr. and -Mrs. Jesse Woods of
760 Fifth street, Oakland.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
■ IRDER EASTERN STAR.
pter, but recently In
• ■!<! uleeting r ceived
1 >r. A. Miles Taylor, Mrs. V.
Taylor, Margaret Hosmer, Anna ii s
mer. Sadie P. McConskey, Eveline Shee-
V.da M. Jones, Lottie Koch and Net
tie I>j er by Initiation, ai d T Byi on !••
Campl ell. Dr. B. F. Clark.
Mrs. . k. Dr. J. X. Young
Mrs. Eugenia Young by affiliation. After
the w ■ n adjournment from
the banquet hall in the Na
tive S j ng, where there was a
super! ■ • . it being the first given
by th<
during the mber of visitors
■•! chei r
Dr. I it- Witt, oi
half of a nun who were
members of X a Chapter, in
Mrs. Val Schmidt earned her title
of past matron, presented her with a
magnifies m ievi ■ n Ihe or
der. The mush t to the initi il
early part of the evening was fur-
I by Miss Beckerdorff. The
now a membership of thirty
two :\r,d has Mr.-. Charlotte Marais for
worthy matron, C. L. P. Marais for
worth and Millie <;. McConskey
for associate matron.
At its last meeting in May Harmony
Chapter initiated one candidate. Miss
May Carter Wheelock, daughter of the
in. in the presence of a
number < * the members and of
many visitors from other local chapters,
including the worthy matron of Olive
. Chapter, Mrs. Charlotte ' Marais,
nnd the worthy matron of Century Chap
ter, Mrs A. M. Blade. Associate Grand
Patn I. Darling' and Grand
■ irv Mrs. Willats were also present.
After the business of the evening was
over there was a simper in the banquet
hall, where, after the menu, there were
a number of pl< asanl address* *.
tury. on< of the new local chapters,
Is doing quite well. At the meeting last
Thursday night two were added to the
membership roll. Four more will rto
added at the next meeting, and several
have been elected to membership and
will be Inducted Into the mysteries of the
order at a f
ORDER OF THE AMARANTH.
At the session <>! Crescent Court No. ",
of the Amaranth, on the 20th of
May Hono.red Lady Lambert, presiding r.s
royal matron, and Frank B. Ladd, is
r"\;.! patron, two applicants for admis
sion w> r> elected and four petitions re
ceived were referred to appropriate com
mittees. There was a large attendance
of members, and among the many who
were call" '1 upon to Bpeak was Sir Knight
way. who is the worthy patron of
l\y Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star. He spoke In terms of praise of the
■ es of the order and of the splendid
ritualistic work as exemplified by the of
ficers Hi' ( ''■ nt • ''>urt.
VALENTINE HOLT SOCIETY.
The last regular meeting prior to ad
journment for the summer vacation of
the Valentine Holt Society, Children of
the American Revolution, was held a few
days since in the Occidental Hotel, the
children being the guests of Mrs. E. ]l
Jouett. The meeting opened with the
singing of "The Star Spangled Banner"
and the salute to the American flag in
the following words: "l pledge my alle
giance to the Ha*c and republic for which
it Stands, one nation indivisible, with
liberty and justice for all." There were
a number of patriotic quotations given
by members at rollcall, and in response
by Mrs. a. S. Hubbard
at a previous meeting many of the mem
bers presented anecdotes of their ances
tors through whom they became mem
bers. Miss Elizabeth A., daughter of
char: I ndant of of.
ol the Virginia line, and Miss
Georgie E., daughter of Mrs. ji. H. Ma
hew, descendant of Squire Fiske, ensign
iii the Rhode island troops, were el<
members. The socfety decided to take up
patriotic work for the year con
tribution and assistance to the Lafayette
memorial which is lo be erected in Paris
on United States day, July i. 1800. Shir
ley C. Walker, Howard K. Ruggles Mar
tin C. Walton, Blanche M. Dubois Helen
A. Ballowell. Elsie m. Moores, Kuth C
Mitchell and Flora M. Walton were
to ' i ■; s < next meeting
"Do the Three Patriotic Societies, the
Daughters and Children or the
American Revolution, Tend Toward cre
ating an Aristocracy?" After the meot
ing the members were treated to refresh
ments by Mrs. Jouett. assisted by her
young sons, William H. and John JI
Jouett.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
Major Jeagers. for some time past su
perintendent of the Odd Fellows' Home
at Thermalito. has retired from that po
sition, and William H. Hilton, M. D., of
Apollo Lodge, has been appointed to fin
the vacancy. The wife of Dr. Hilton was
appointed matron. At a recent meeting
of the trustees of the home S. B. Smith
Of Sacramento was elected president of
the board and J. F. Thompson was elect
til ViCe !'l ' Si'lellt.
Not satisfied with the Informal recep
tion given to Grand Warden W. w. Wat
son at Excelsior Hall, the membership of
Fidelity gave him a formal reception in
Covenant Hall, I. O. O. F. building. last
Monday night, and Mission Rebekah
Lodge assisted. There was a large at
tendance, and after the reception and a
dance there was a banquet in an adjoin
ing hall, at which the guest of honor was
presented a iarge horn, embellished with
the emblems of the order. The hope was
NOJWA WOODS.
ised that :ip it was hi? ho would
blow hi 5 iiwn horn. There were congrat
ulatory addresses by Davis Louderback
the guest of the evening. Miss Crawford
grand »f Mission R< b kah Lodjre.
Mrs. \V. W. Barn^ and .Miss Gertrude
Wimmer of the s \: n. Barnes
and others.
■ lad a . very Interesting
meeting last Tuesday night. There was
much sard under the good .if the order
and it was midnight before the lod.ee ad
journed.
Grand Patriarch Harris visited the en- :
campment at Salinas and was warmly
cd. Last night. In company with a
number of members of the Granfc En
campment and a delegation from the en
i ampment at Napa, he .visited the en
campment ;;t St. Selena, and iherte the!
- wen conferred on fifteen candi
dates.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Old Friends' Lodge, which was organ
ized shortly before the meeting of the
Grand Lodge, will be Instituted next
Wednesday evening in Liberty Hall, Py
i astle.
Valley Lodge at its last held meeting
had a large attendance. Several proposi
tions were received and three candidates
received the degrees.'
Last night ivy's drill team, Decree of
Honor, conferred the degrees on twenty
three candidates.
On the 3d of June Dawn of llopo, silver
Star and Ivy lodges of the Degree of Hon- i
•>r will tender a reception in Oakland to
the membership of Laurel Lodge of Wesl
Berkeley and to Union Lodge of Hay- ,
wards.
THE NATIVE S( >NP.
On the night of Jane 1 the members of
Stanford Parlor will have a theater party
at the Orphcum. The parlor ha? taken
l 1 "' tickets, and it is probable that more
than that number will make up the j
party.
California Parlor has elected J. P.
Dockfry. W. D. Shea and Charles A.
Bolderman as its committee to the Xinth
of September Celebration convention, .
Yerba Buena Parlor has elected to the
same body Fred \V. Lees, L. J. Aubert <
and V. C. Jaeger. It is probable that i
<'harles 11. Heverin of San Francisco
Parlor will be chosen president of the
convention.
California Parlor nominated candidates
for officers who are to serve next term
at the meeting last Thursday night. The |
election will be held next Thursday.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS,
A few evenings since San Luisita Par
lor of San Luis Obispo received a visit
from District Deputy Grand President
Miss Jessie Kirk of San Miguel, the visit
being an official one. There was an ex
emplification of the work by the officers
which was highly satisfactory to the vis
iting official, who w.<s profuse in her
prais". After the business of the even
ing there was a short and pleasing pro
gramme of entertainment, the special i
features of which were the reading of se
lections by Miss Callle Sloan and Miss
Fannie Bteinbart and a guitar solo by
Miss Minnie <\>rrea. The evening closed
With a banquet. The visiting official was :
glad that she came and the members
were ;rlad that she did. This narlor has
! Miss Maud Scott as its delegate
to the Grand Parlor. Miss Agnes Lee was
m as the alternate.
<;..lden State Parlor at Its last held
meeting was surprised by a visit from
Grand President Mrs. Lena H. Mills, and
to show how well the officers are up in
t ] i f> ritualistic work there was an exem- :
plification thereof, with Miss M. Tyson
as candidate. The visitor complimented
tlw officers upon being letter-perfect in
th'-ir respective parts of the memorized ;
work After the meeting the visitor be
came the guest of the parlor at a n. igh
bnring cafe, where there was served a
p. tit souper and a pleasant hour was
spent. _
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Mrs. Flora
Jacobs, on the 17th ->f May. paid her last
visit as circle, deputy to Golden Era Cir
cle and at the close of a very pleasant
meeting she was presented a very pretty
parlor lamp, to be kept by her in remem
brance of the cordial relations existing
between the members and herself.
Bonita Circle will on the night of the
Ist of June give a BOCial and dance in |
Mangels Hall. The functions of this
1 arlor are fine of the features of that sec
tion of the city ani there is always a
p. .ml demand for invitations.
Inter Noa Circle at its meeting last
Wednesday night re-elected Fred Errett
chief companion: Mrs. Sophie Coyle, sub
chief companion; Henry P. Coyle", record
ing secretary ;■ Miss Nellie Shea, inside
guard; Miss Annie Crowley, outside
guard; and Miss Annie Rothberg. organ
ist. Miss Mabel Miller was elected right
guide and Mrs. Erre:t left guide. Ali^s
Sadie Meyers was elected trustee. One
candidate was initiated and arrangements
wire announced for tne picnic by the In
ter Xos club on the 9th of July at Plitz
ville Park.
Last Wednesday night Excelsior Circle
gave "a night with the Brownies" in the
social hall of the Alcazar building, when
i! . committee of arrangements— Mrs. i 'or
dclia Ernestine Augustine Tucker. Mrs. J.
J. Cordy, Mrs. Dr. Haskell, Mrs. Lena
Humbert. Mrs. Matilda Shumaeher and
Mrs. E. Herg— presented an enjoyable pro
gramme of literary and musical numbers !
contributed by Miss Belle Herzer, Miss
]•:. riaussen, Mrs. Margo, Miss McMurtry
and Messrs. Williams. Kahn, Keough and
Edwards. Then followed a cakewalk by
two little ones— Eva Ayers and Lulu Rob
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 28, 1899.
Hales.
X^V— X^N^T^y ■V/-7T-W:^r V/-W \S -W ' Vl-^^r-U-O-V TUESDAY DECORATION DAY.
IN HONOR OF OUR NATION'S DEAD HEROES THESE STORES WILL REMAIN CLOSED mm. .
muslin underwear.
Bought from the maker in immense quantity, .
for cash. Shouldn't we save you money?
I adips' rIraWPR IS dozen, made of good heavy muslin,
Ladies gidWe[s. wlth 3 tucks and lX inch lace ruffle; to
be sold this week; would be cheap at 25c. .
fit Hale's 19c pair.
I JJlliP<s' rhPITIUPC Heavy muslin, open front, lace edge
LfIUIC!) bllCllllbtft. neck, armlets and fronts; there is 25c
worth of muslin this garment; on sale .;
■At Male's 19c each.
Ladies' plain white muslin clrirtc cambric ruffle.
LflUICi plain WmiC mUSlin SKIIIS. heavy muslin yoke
band; full, skirt; good to trim with lace or nice for coun-
try wear; durable material; thoroughly well made.
At Hale's 25c each.
I arllPQ' wflltP clfirfc Made of fine cambric; umbrella
LdUltft Willie bMllb. style; deep lawn flounce with 2
rows of lace insertion; plain hem on. bottom; deep lawn,
dust ruffle; skirt 4 yards wide; a high grade garment of
fine material; the regular value of this is $125; on sale
At Male's 89 c each.
I /trfiPQ* cnwnc Empire style, tucked. Insertion" and emby.
lcuiwO guniidi ruffle front turn back collar with two
rows of inserting and emby. ruffle all round; emby. ruffle
cuffs; you would guess it was $1.
fit Hale's O9c each.
embroidery.
9750 yards bought at a barg^an by our New York
corps. Afresh, clean lot in desirable patterns. ','■
Sale in aisle 11. See window:-.
Cambric and nainsook embroidery.
2 in. white I ..: .3c yard.
White and colored. from 2 to 3 inches wide.. sc yard.
White .from 2 to 4 inches wlde.T'oc yard.
White from 2'' 2 to 5 Inches wide. B l-3c yard.
White and colored. from 3 , 'to 0 inches wide.' : .Sc yard.
White from 2 to 6 Inches wide.l2^ic yard.
White from 1 to 8 inches wide. yard. .
bedding.
From "Domestics" — the department that made-
"Haie's Good Goods" famous. Especially
interesting news in shert-. ■ v
RpH cnroariQ The White Squadron brand. 100 heavy
DCU iPICOUa. W hite crochet quilts of this famous make,
70xS2 in 73c each. SIxSS $100 each.
Allonrlalo rnimtornanoc \ A fu " size spread for double beds.
Aiienaaie COunierpaneS. This ls termed a hospital spread;
nice and light; was $1 2."), at Hale's now 7"3 cents.
llnhloarhpfi chootc For all size beds; 2 in. hem; fair
UIIUICaWICU DllCCia, qua ij y muslin; a good sheet for
hotels and lodging-houses.
54x90 in ....30c each. . 72x90 in.. 37' »o each
63x90 in 35c each. ' 90x90 in . ...42V-C each.
81x90 in -!0c each
Hale's famous double-warp hotel sheets. tiMzf™?-
en in the warp to insure double strength. Made especially
for hotels and lodging-houses: 2 in. hem; hand torn: dry
ironed; a high grade slut-:, made for Male's especially
51x90 in...;...42^c each. 72x90 in 52^c each
• 83x90 in 47' jc each. 51x90 in '.(• en< n
90x90 in G2'fc each.
400 yards check glass towsling. fJ t^» es tiS d weeTc v
r -^ o y..r -.
Wl nlnrPif Turkish tMl c ? ITx36 moh ' s " ; these were sell-
-10/ bJIOICU .Uir.lKl! kIJISSi ing at 25c In the linen depart-
ment; been here too long; winding up. price,
lOc <sao!-i.
and their efforts 'yon them mil h
a] p'lause. after which there was the grand
march and the distribution to each who ■
took part of a littje Brownie. Dancing '
vhs kept up until midnight.
< »RDER < >F A.MERTCUS.
T.ast Tuesday nicht San Francisco
Council *of the Order of Americus at its.
meeting in the Alcazar building had 0
good attendance of members. an<! a:" 1 -:-
Initiating three strangers there was a
hurried closing to enable the committee
<;n entertainment, of which Charles J.
King Is the chairman, to provide an intel
lectual treat for the members and a num- i
1 er f friei ds who had been invited. There
were selections by the Knickerbocker
quartet after which the chairman ex
• .i that It is the ourpose of the coun
cil to give on the fourth Monday of each
month an entertainment that will have
for its special featur* an address by some
well-known speaker, who will talk on
ii me important tonic of the day. so Unit
those who listen may necome enlightened. !
He thea introduced Henry E. Highton.
Who for nearly an .lour entertained the
audience with an address on corporations
and trusts, giving in a logical and com-;
prehensive manner .i verjrinteresting ex- ;
p. nation of that whi< h is now engaging;
the attention of the public mind all over i
the Union. Frequent applause and a pro- j
longed dapping of hands as the speaker j
concluded, followed ">y a rising vote of ;
thinks were the marks of appreciation ,
from the audience to the speaker. This ;
was follewed by some amusing dialect
stories by Captain l.e.ile. the serving of h i
collation -and cigars and the rendering of |
several selections by the quartet. There ,
wer« present visitors from the council in
Berkeley. John Van Allen, the manager
for the Pacific Coast, announced that at j
the next meeting there will be consider- ;
able work for the council to do.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Next Sunday the Bald Eagle and Poca- I
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
<*> First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
<$> E. A. Woods. D.D.
I ' " •
<s>
— — — —— — —~-^— —
<*. St Rose's. Brannan street, between Fourth
<*> and Fifth— Redemptorist Fathers.
«> ' '■
% St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
<S> 6'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prenderßast.
,$> V. G. " '
% St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
<j> street— Jesuit Fathers.
$»
<i> St Francis, Montgomery avenue and Val-
A lejo street— Rev. T. Caraher.
<?> . - '• , '•
t. St Patrick's. Mission street, between Third
a, ■ and Fourth— Redemptorist Fathers. -
4> i ■ .
«> ___^
% St. Mary's. Dupont and California street*—
a, Pauilst Fathers. i'- \ ?
I •-,■'• ■ ■ •:•■•
*, Richmond Congregatlotia:. Seventh avenue
<fc and Clement street— P. Coombe.
■?>' ■ , -' .'-. - ■ ■ '■■-■:••
£■ .^ • —
A First Conßregatlonal. corner Post and Ma-
A son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
<«> ■ ; .-"■" .
f-' : - ■■••■
<£ Third Conerpgatlonal. ' Fifteenth street, near
* Third Conerpßatlonal. Fifteenth street, near
O> Mission— Rev. William Rader.
♦ . ' ' ' ' .
a, St Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
<?> street— Bishop W. H. Moreland.
I . :
«v Trinity. Bush street, near Gough— Rev. H.
4> S. liansen.
«> ■ __f
<s> St James Mission. Sixth avenue and Clem
<s, ent street, Richmond— Clergy of St.
4> Stephen's. . - -' • -' ■ . - "• .
.■». .^— —————— — '■ *
A- St Stephen's Mission. .1712 Hayes street—
<§> Clergy of St Stephen's. . ;
<yy — — - .
<«> St Stephen's, Fillmore and Fulton streets
* —Rev. E. J. Lion.
% Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street,' near /?o
--&> lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
I ■' • -■:■":
t : — ■
a Epworth ' M E.. corner Church and Twen
4, , ty-slxth streets— W. M. Woodward.
!,_ ' -"'■■" "■'" "
<«> A. ■M. E. Zion. "Stockton street, near Clay
*. —Rev. Dr. Brown.
■9> Trinity Methodist, corner Market. Slx
-«> teenth and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H.
<3> Woodward. .. ■ : .„ ''" . •
<V.. : — '■ ; — : — - — r~
<«> Bethel African M. E., Powell street, : near
<*> Jackson— Rev. W. B. Anderson.
<?>'- ' . .'■ -^r— — — — .
<?> California Street M. E.. Broderlck and Cal
-?> ifornla streets— Rev. Frederick C. Lee..
♦ ■ :.. ■ : :.y..-v- ;; ■ • •■■. ■, .:.-..---.-.- * A
Hales.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947, 949 Market Street.
ilL*> v^ I
tfRfrffJPPEHSB^^
Cur New York fashion repres nfat ye w;ites as
follows :
Everything here in mi liner/ in mousse! ir.e, tulle and^^Hjjj^^^^Hj^^^H
chiffon. Tocques are now becoming very fashionsble.H
my back, lemon and gray straw is used pieferably.M
but indications are that within a month -flowers will' beH
used in even greater profusion than they are now.M
Purp'es are fast fading from the windows and dove.H
fawn and yellow are being shewn. Hats are seen en-H
tirely of fril ed baby ribbon alternate rows of black and^^^^^^^^^^^^l
white and colors being used This reason ribbon hats will be one of the suc-
cessful novelties The shades for fvening are robin's. egg blue, fuchsia, petunia
and yellow combined with. gray. Everything in silk is moire, Pekin s'ripe, China
stripes or ribbon "stripes. Persian 'effects are seen at Altman's in reckless profu-
sion; blistered silk crepons are very fashicnab'e and used with colored founda-
tions; foulards in greens, gra s and moss greens are displayed in McCreery's.
Wanamaker shows ombre str pc taffeta effectively trimmed' with huge scrolls of
black satin ribbon.
Gray satin is a favorite color for evening wear. Ivory and cream satin for
weddings In fact, ivcryis the c^lor of the season. : ....--
In hosiery, the ccming hosiery is the mercerized cotton.. They look like silk and
wear we", and look equally as well after washing. , I know that, for I bought a pair.
millinery.
Our N w York fash : on representative write > interestingly
o aporenching styles in miTnery. Read the letter above.
n<itir,3 hate R""'- r 'i sailors, trimmed in chiffon or mousselihe de sole, with wings
U.>l!,U liaio< or quills; just the hats for .vacation wear,
$L5O to $2.50 each.
Rose hats and Legtornsr Specially trimmed for the garden and outing trips; very
hqs- nab ana Legwrnsr popula! , $4, $5 and $6 each.
Wq'j/ ctrau/ hra'flc Th " most fashionable shades are lemon, cyrano. nelio, brown,
Hen olldn l/iO'UJ" gray, royal, cerise and turquois; also black or white,'
5c to 25c yard.
Inho ir\mm\nsr A new chiffon edging in gray, cardinal, brown,- royal, oyrano,
JUDe (lIIIIIIMIS 1 fuchsia and black and white. . jg_ vapc J
hnntns Outing Club, composed of mem
bers of Bald Eagle Tribe and Pocahontas
Council, wii! give a picnic at San Lorenzo
Grove.
The official visit of Great Sachem <"ol
lins to Sotoyome, Poanoche ami i'i>en
hontas tribes, meeting in joint session in
the council-room -if the first named tribe,
was a;; Interesting and pleasant event.
During the evening Sachem Henry G
of Sotoyome Tribe, on behalf of the three
tribes, presented to District Deputy
Wheeler ;■. magnificent bail;-" in apprecia
tion of the work ho lias done for the
tribes during his term. Later in the even
ing there was a banquet, at which Past
Great Sachem Brandt presided and th re
w< re addresses by the great sachem,
Gre.it Junior Sagamore Brandon, Past
Sachem Frost and many others.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
The Tammany social that was given last
Thursday night by Pncahontns Council
No. 3 in Laurel Hall, Shiels building, W§J
a very interesting affair, the feature 6$
Which was the explanation of who St.
Tammany was in relation to the order, so
as to remove the Impression that the
order was in toy way connected with the
Tammany society of New York. There
was a large attendance of young ladies
and gentlemen, for ''this council always
attracts a great many, and these after
the explanation enjoyed a good pro
gramme of dances.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday night Lincoln Lodge,
Friends of the Forest, gave an entertain
ment and dance in the Laurel Hall of the
Shiels building to a large number of its
friends and members of sister lodge.?.
The committee on entertainment consist
ing of Messrs. Rinner. Hoffman and Getz
and Mesdames Dalzeli. Bryant, >'ranz.
Mears. Lake and Miss Waldo, presented
a programme made up of music, songs
Morning— Service In Alhambra Theater: <»>
sermon by Dr. I^orimer of Boston. Even- <j>
Ing— Mass meeting in church; addresses by «»>
' Drs. Mable, Morgan and , Seymour of <*-
Boston. • /•€>
, , <S>
Morning— Confirmation of children's class at <$•
11. Evening — Sermon by one-, of the <$>
Fathers. <•>
. ' »>
Morning — Sermon by one of the fathers at <*>
10:30 mass. Evening— Sermon after vespers.. <•>
<8>
— <*
Mornfng-^Rev. George Burkhard will preach <?>
at 10:30 mass. Evening— Rev. H. J.. Woods <*>
will deliver the discourse. <t>
: .^ <»
Morning— Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Fran- <S>
cis will receive communion In a body" at <$>
7:30 mass. Evening— Sermon after. vespers ■%>
by one of the Fathers. <$>
Morning— Sermon by one of the Fathers at <§>
10:30 mass. Afternoon — Archbishop Rlor- <§>
dan will administer the secrament of con- <»>
. flrmatlon to adults at' 2. Evening— <•>
of mission and papal benediction will be •*•
given. ■ : - -■ • ♦
— . — — — <»
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Wyman <$>
at 10:30 mass. Evening— Sermon by Father 4>
Callihan after vespers. • <j>
14 , <v
Morning— Memorial, services, "The Way of <$►
Peace." Evening— Memorial service, "On «$►
the Altar." <l>
. . <v
Morning— Rev. Henry C. Mable of Boston, <§>
Mass., will preach. Evening— Memorial <$►
service commemorative of Decoration day, <t>
George H. Thomas Post to be present. <8>
■■ ' : ' — <*>
Morning— Children's day ! exercises and ad- . <§>
' dress by pastor. EvenlnjASermon by <|>
I noted Eastern divine. . T • $>
, — : — , <>>
Morning — Bishop Moreland will preach, sub- <?>
Ject. "The Truth of the Blessed Trinity, 4>
Commanded by Reason « and Holy Scrip- <$>
ture." Evening— Evensong and sermon. - <j>
1 ; — <•>
Morning— Dr. Brent of St. Stephen's <g>
Church, Boston, will preach. - Evening— <|>
Preaching by the pastor. . . ' <|>
_ l : , _— . <$>
Morning— Sunday school at 9:45; holy com- <•>
munlon at 11. Evening— Evensong at B. <$>
... ■ <$>
: ; 4
Morning— , school at 9:30 o'clock.
Evening— Evensong at 8. ' .- v <!>
, — — — — — ♦
Morning — communion at 7 o'clock; <$>
same at 11. Evening— Evensong at 7:45. ■ <$>
_;;_ . . %
Morning— Preaching by Rev. L.. C. Barnes, <§>
D.D., of Plttsburg, Pa. Evening— Patri- 1 <?>
. otic service, with special' music; address ,<|>
by Rev. E. B. Meredith; D.D.. of Topeka, <$>
Kan. . 4>
; : — ■ . — — <*
Morning— Sermon by visiting- Baptist #
t preacher. : Evening— Edward F. ,T. <»
B. Dearborn will preach. . ',vL' <S>
. : i ! ■- — , — — -
Morning— Memorial sermon by the pastor. <S>
Evening — Special ■ services; address by <«>
" Hon. ' Charles M. Short ridge. '"■ r■" . <j>
— . — , <*
Morning — "The Great Sacrifice for Human- /J>
ity." Evening — "Despondency— lts Cause " <*>
and Cure." - ' <$>
__ — — — — — — — ' - ' •' _ _ <*
Morning— . by Rev. S. W. Bacote, : <«>
3 D.D., "Future Satisfaction/ Evening— <$>
Sermon : by . Rev. : J. E. • Ford, D.D., of <$>
Los Angeles. \ . .. -• . ♦
— — ;.- .. ; '■ — ''.; •' '..'[. — — ,<»,
Morning— Frank Rector of v New Jersey <?>
, will preach.' Evening— Dr. J. J. Mulr of • <§>
Washington. D. C. ; prelude, ''Our Soldier <«>
Dead," . • i>
Halt's.
and specialties by Miss Laura Hughes.
Mi.-. Da'.zell. Miss Grace Elliott. Miss
\!era Wears, D. E. Hanlqn and the Gold
en, Gate Musical Club. Then followed a
_-'.'. programme of dances, which kept
the merry party together until midnight.
After the first* ! of June this lodge will
hold its meetings in the Odd Fellows'
building. j- ■'.-•
. WOMEN OF. WOODCRAFT.
Redwood Circle No. 72 of the Women
of Woodcraft has of late been very act
ive, -and -.under- the 'dispensation- which
permits it Po admit members ' at cost it
has recently initiated several candidates,
Including two prominent .Woodmen and
Mrs. L. .1. Whet-jock. past grand, protec
tor of the. Knights and Ladies of Honor,
at the meeting held on the 20th of May.
The circle also received four propositions.
On the evening of' the 7th of June the
circle will give an entertainment and
dance Id Shasta Hall. Native Sons' build
ing, for the special- benefit of the wives
<>f .Woodmen and their friends. The
committee, consisting of Mrs. Daniels,
Mrs. E. -■ Blanjry. Mrs. Steinert. Mrs.
Blake, and Miss Robinson, will provide
an excellent programme, and there is
every indication that there ■ will be a
large attendance. ; •.'. ;
THE DRUIDS.
S The. picnic, that was recently given at
Mirabel Park by the Italian groves of
this! city was :a. great success, more than
1000 persons taking advantage of the op
portunity for a day's outing. . In addition
to those who went ' from San Francisco
there was a special train from Hcalds
burg, and any number of people drove
to the place from Santa Rosa, Guerncy
ville and other places' in" Sonoma County.
The picnic of Templar Grove in Sun
Jose was also a pleasant- affair.
Perseverance Grove has arranged for a
picnic in- Fairfax Park to-day. This
grove recently conferred the third degree
I $> Trinity M. E.. corner Fulton street and
<$> Allston way. Berkeley — Rev. John Coyl».
«> :
<$> Howard M. E., Howard street, between
<«> Second and Third— Rev. John A. B. WU
-4> son.
<?> . _ :
•$> Richmond Methodist, southwest corner ot
<j> . South California street and Fourth ave
<s> nue — Rev. George Baug'h.
<$» _ . ! , _
■$> First M. E., Powell street, near Washington
<s> —Rev. W. S. Urmy.
<$> ■ .
<$>
<& Central Methodist Episcopal, Mission street,
<j> between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. Charles
<?> Edward Locke.
fr .■ ■' . .
$, _ : -j_ !
<«> Fifteenth Avenue M. E., corner Fifteenth
<$> avenue and P street— Rev. W. D. Crabb
<j> . , !
<$► Grace Methodist Episcopal, corner Twenty
<§> first and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard
Q>
<$>
<S> : : _
<§> Simpson Memorial M. E.. corner Hayes and
<§> - Buchanan— John Stephens.
Q> ■ ■ ■ -. ..
4>
#> — :
4> Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank-
A lUn and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
a —
4> Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
<$> streets— Rev. J. Hemphlll.
(»> ; _ _•
<$> First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
<^ Sacramento street ßev. Dr. Mackenzie. '
<S> ; _
<$> Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
<§> Railroad avenues. South San Francisco—
'4> Rev. Herbert N. Bevler.
<;> ■ — ! ___ ,
<§> Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero .street,
.§> near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
<$>;':-.• •■
$> — . — . _ .
<$> Trinity Presbyterian, '■ Twenty-third and
<«> Capp streets— Rev. Alexander N. Carson.
<«> : ■ ' . - ■ ' ■ ■ . .
<s>
<§>
.$, _ ! ij-i .
-♦> St. John's Presbyterian, corner California
<$>: and Octavia streets— Rev. S. H. Weller.
<$-,_ — : — — ; ■ . —
<$> First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
<$> Gate avenue and Polk street ßev; II H
4- Bell. ,
$>. __ , . _ _ —
<s> First Unitarian, southwest comer Geary
-|> and ■ Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Steb
.*■ bins,' emeritus; Rev. ' Stopford W. Brooke
&. minister pro tempore.
4> ■ — ; — ■ - ;
<?> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
■$> streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. .' - < : . t m*
<»- — — - — ■ - : — — ■ — ' • — :
■§► Young Men's Christian Association, Ellis
<$> and Mason streets. ;". ,\ :ir>"V ■
<& : — -— ; ■ —
■!> German Evangelical Emmanuel Church
■§> corner Twelfth and Stevenson streets—
<^ "; Rev. F. W. Fischer. ;
<g> : — : ; — —
<?> First Church of • Christ, Scientist, Central
.§> block,' Sutter street,' between Grant ave
<s ! nue and Kearny— The Bible and Science
<§> and Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
<$> . . — _ — . — i — — __
'5> First Divine Science, Native Sons' Hall—
<»> ;. Rev. ,M. E. Cramer. .; ; •;. . , . ',
if, . ' ■ 1 — — _
<$> • Reorganized Church >'. of \ Jesus . Christ, 320
<S> Post street— Rev. D, A. Anderson.
> : — . — ; .
<?> First Christian. Twelfth street, near Mls
<& .Blon— F. S. Ford.  : ;r; ,
Hales.
outing suits.
.'•/•"A For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Etna Springs or your
summer home. Neat as wax. . .
c[||# waictc Corded fronts, some with pleated backs
Ollft ItaioiOi and some with corded backs, thoroughly
lined; tight fitting waist lining; good quality silk.
■ Black India silk $3 50
Black and colored taffeta silks * — $4 50
niitinrr eiiile Crash or duck: we discovered about 45
UUTing OUIl&i $2 50 to $3 50 outing suits slightly soiled,
not too soiled to wear; easily washed; beginning to-mor-
j row we close the lot out at 3i1.00.
1 niitinff clrirfc 75 sample outing skirts, no two alike; to be
; liming oniMOi disposed of this week. These are sample
lines representing the best of every pattern; trimmed
with bands of. insertion /some of the very latest effects;
just arrived by express J&:2. SO to *7.<50.
Cov*ert cloth skirts $100 each
Crash skirts ' 49c each
dress goods,
Interesting letter on "styles" just received from
our New York fashion representative. Published
in this advertisement.'
Qhr.k rlunhoeep cattn A rich, deep Jet black finish; and
BOCK OUCneSSe Saiin. elegant fabric for silk skirts and
waists; every yard has Hale's guarantee; 24 in. wide;
very heavy, yard.
Blank npail ri'cniP Fashion says it is the proper weave
BldCn pcdU U oUIC. for stylish folk; very heavy; double
face; all silk; soft finish; deep, lustrous black; 21 In. wide
$t.so;
Blank taffota ClllfC Soft flnißh: we make a specialty of
DldCri Tdllßld olIRO! taffeta silks; we recommend this line
to you 22 in. wide. .7sc and 85c. 26 in. wide..sl and SI 25
24 ln. wide SI 40
Unualfu ciiiiincrc Here ls a lot that '"ill 1 inte , res t you; silk
NOlcllj SUIIingS. and wool fancy suitings In corded ef-
fects, checks, stripes, etc. In the new combinations of
purple and black, green and black, mar ne blue and
black, new tans, browns, modes etc. . 40 to 44 In. wide; one
of the best values we have ever offered over our counters
SOc yard.
ii«... nnuort cilitinffC Very pretty for a tailor suit, guar-
NeW COVen SUIIingS. anteed all wool; these fabrics never
sold for less than 7.'c a yard. It is 44 in. wide ami comes
in the new tans, modes, greens, grays and blues; soft
finish „, , „ 5 O C yard.
I inino-e 3000 yards Hale's 00 Silesia. 1 yard wide In staple
Lllllll&O. colors and black, to go to-morrow at
This is the lOC Silesia. 6c yard.
notions and art goods
Round carters with metal buc-|3OO Spools colored sewing silk. 70
kles ' Sc« pair! yards on a spool; tan. brown,
9 inch Hair rolls *<>«" each cardinal, green, old rose,
IS inch Hair roll? 16« each 1 blue, purple. drab..2^c each
! Cube* pins, colored and black.... 4-pocket shoe bags 25c each
- rl. ......Ic cube 6-pocket shoe bags 4Oc each
Sheii "hair" Dlris, shell color or 8-pocket shoe hags 50c each
black lOc dozen. Linen bags..a3c and ."Oc each
Pearl* buttons 2 dozen on a card Whlskbroom cases He each
1 ear 5c card Comb and brush cases
*■ Tinnrined wire hair pins 1 «V4c each
Japanned wire ....lc package 1 Umbrella holders
Deirnel'iinVn mesh dress shields. ...... ........12^c to J4Oc each
advised by physicians, ab- Stocking bags 50c each
gorbent....". - 5c pair!
£_^ flags.
f&jf*k'*&* In honor of those we honor.
l\V2?*C3rs^-N 7 m Bcadoz.[lS ln 4Oc a don.
\\ T*"*>^Sa^Sk 9 I" lt:c a doz.|27 in 75c a doz.
ZY W^S^V***!^ 14 in asc a doz.|36 1n... .91.50 a doz.
) W»ij-^C^% 43. 1n .......tfl.SO a doz.
*' \ Wool hunting Flags.
U ' 6 ft; *^.J»O each 12 ft ?8.«O each
9 ft .s."».^O each lti ,'t.... 914.00 each
■ .
'
on three candidates, and at.its last held
meeting conferred the initiatory degree
on two. ■ ' \ v.
The committee of arrangements is busy
preparing to entertain the grand officers
' and representatives to the Grand Grove,
which will hold its session in Placer on
| the 20th of June.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
The third council of this order in San
Francisco has been instituted by Supreme
! Deputy Parrish. assisted by G. W. Dlx
on of Argonaut Council. It has been
i named Buena Vista, has twenty-eight
; charter members, and Gus Gunzendorfer
is the regent. tZ „ . .
. This order now has a. Grand Council for
California, it having been recently organ
ized in the city of Los Angeles.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
Golden West Tent at its meeting last
! Tuesday night had what may be termed
a rousing meeting, the hall being tilled
to its capacity by members and visiting
. Sir Knights. There were fifteen applica
| tions and four initiations. . After the meet
' ing there was a good attendance at the
evening entertainment^ when Sir Knight
Unger the "one man orchestra," enter
tained with selections. The Golden West
Mandolin Club did likewise and Sir Knight
Laugherty of San Francisco Tent enter
tained with specialties. In two months
I time this tent has increased from thirty
five to 175. through the efforts of Deputy
Ermerins. This tent will have a gala
time in Native Sons' Hall on June 12.
San Francisco Tent on the night of the
i 19th inst. had a pleasant meeting, there
j being a good attendance and much enter
j tainment under the good of the order. .
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
On May 16 Mrs. Eudocia S. Moftat, State
commander, instituted Grass Valley Hive
No. 41 in Grass Valley, and the following
named were elected and installed as offi-
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening <$>
—Same. ■ . t <^
. ; 4f,
Morning — Rev. J. P. Wldney of Los An- <§>
geles will preach. Evening— The Grand <§>
Army of the Republic will worship here. <§>
«►
Preaching by the pastor. Evening <£
— Same. <^
, &
Morning— "Religion. - Morality and Prosper- <$>
ity." Evening Epworth League • chapter <§>
will conduct services; W. A. Simmons will <s>
preskle and Alex Hutchlnson will lead, <§>
the subject being. "Established in Heart." <§>
' _ $.
Morning— Sermon by a visiting Baptist <$>
minister. Evening— At Metropolitan Tern- <§>
pie. "Battles of Peace," a Memorial day ■ <♦>
sermon. <§>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening <«>
—Same. . <§>
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Alexander Black- <«>
burn. D.D.. of Portland, Or. Evening— <«v
Sermon by the Rev. D. B. Cheney of Ra- <s>
cine, Wls. «£
Morning — Rev. Dr. Meredith df Topeka, %
Morning — Rev. Dr. Meredith Of Topeka, <§>
Kan., will preach. . Deaconess <ft.
Training School will receive the Insignia <«.
of their calling. ■ «£
Morning — "True Greatness." Evening — <*
"Our Only Hope." • . ■
Morning— Rev. Rhys R. Lloyd, D.D., of %
Oakland will preach. Evening— Same. <J>
1 ' . <$
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening <«>
— Same.. ;.,; ■-.- • *
Morning— "The Way of Faith." Evening— %
She Hath Done What She Could." . <$>
' ' . <&
Morning— "The Weakness of Military <?>
Strength." Evening — Prelude. "Gold <$>
Medals for the California Boys." <$>
■ — ——— <<>
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Robert -Grimes, <*>
D.D., pastor of the Baptist Church, Provi- <$>
dence, R. 1., and editor of "Watchword
and Truth." Evening— I. W. Grimes, ■!>
D.D., of Cambridge, Mass., will preach. <3>
: I*
Morning— "The Love of Christ." Evening— <§>
"The Empty House." <^
— — ; — _ — ; -■ _ <♦>
Morning — Annual children's day exercises. <?>
Evening •—, Dr. Thomas. Baldwin will •
preach. '■:. $>
— ■■ : , «■
Morning— Sermon by Dr. Brooke. "Jesus and <?y
Criticism." Evening — No service. •$•
' <*
: — jj ; ■- _ <»
Morning— Sunday school services. Evening— <$>
Address on "College Settlement Work," by <«>
Dr. Dorothea Moore. ■ . ' « <$>
—- __ : 1^ <*>
Afternoon— Rev. S. G. Hanson, D.D.. will <?>
address the meeting. - . • ■$>
— — — ____^__ ' — . '■ — ' >*
Morning — "Personal Experiences the Best ■<§>
Test." Evening— "Memorial Thoughts." <^
■ •''■'■ ':■' "..'-■ ■ -"' .•■ '•■ ' ' '■ .■ ■ "»
: : : — — : ■ <*'
Morning — "God the Only Cause and <S>
Creator." • ♦
4
<S>
<j,
Morning— "Thou Shalt Not Want Guidance; -$.
I Find No Fault in Him." <£
. . 1 v *>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening <&
— Same. - .'. ; *': r <§>
■ _l — — ,+
Morning— Sermon by visiting Baptist mln- <S>
lster. Evening— Same. - 'v; • .:
Hales.
cers for the current term: Mary J.
I Thomas, P. L. C. ; Marie T. Zipt, L. C;
Mary A. Marwick. L. L. C; Blanche M.
I Whiteman. L. R. X. ; Geneva E. McTag
j gart. L. F. X. ; Elizabeth A. Crocker. L,.
<".; Frances E. Stokes. L. M. at A.; Mary
J. Stokes. L. S. ; Elizabeth Barker, L.
Sent.; Abigail A. O'Connor, L. P. The
State commander has gone to Nevada to
establish the work of the order in that
State.
California Hive gave a very pleasing
entertainment last Thursday night in the
social hall of the Foresters' building. The
programme was followed by a dance.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The anniversary entertainment by 3ac
! ramento Council in the old pavilion in the
capital city was a great success, there
being more than two thousand people
present. There was a fine programme of
entertainment and the principal address
was delievered by Supreme Vice Councilor
11. \V. Hutton in place of T. H. Selvage,
| who was detained al home by illness in
his family.
The celebration at San Jose was also a
i grand affair. Turn Verein Hall being
I packed by those who wished to listen to
the excellent programme and an address
by Supreme Vice Councilor Hutton. Danc
ing followed the programme.
During the past three weeks there has
; been a remarkable increase of member
i ship in all parts of ?he State.
Grand Councilor Savage came to this
i city from San Pedro last Friday. He will
i visit a number of the local councils and
'• some in the counties near by.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
On the night of the 24th of May Coun
! cils Nos. 1. 7. 32 and 129 had a very inter
esting joint meeting at headquarters.
A short time since I^os Angeles Council
gave a Mikado party, or as it was termed
"Waltz Carnival." All the decorations
were after the Japanese style and the ef
fect was exceedingly pretty.
Several of the grand officers will pay
an official visit to the council in Menlo
Park on the 6th inst.
Columbia Council at its meeting on the
17th of May initiated Joseph Nolan. Dr.
i T. M. Smith, Alfred J. Fritz, Joseph M.
I Campodonico and William O. Patch.
After the ceremony there was a pleasant
reunion and a collation followed by an
impromptu programme that proved very
enjoyable. The council had eleven appli
cations at the close of the session to act
upon at the next.
« THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Saddle Seat Rocker for
comfort; mahogany finish,
piano polish, sightly shape
and strong 55
Other Rockers in Flemish golden oak
and mahogany with leathertrimmings.
S.ome in solid leather at $22.50 and
525.00.
Solid Mahogany Rockers in newest
easy shapes.
Our first special sale of portieres is
successful, 50 pairs remain — but you
must be quick.
$ 6. 50 Tapestry Portieres now $3.25
10.00 Tapestry Portieres now 5.00
3.00 Chenille Portieresnow 1.50
4.00 CheniUe Portieres now 2.00
4.50 Chenine Portieres now 2.25
5.00 Chenille Portieresnow 2.50
6.00 Chenil le Portieres now 3-<»
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Only one electric carpet sewing ma-
chine in the West — it's here — fifth
floor. By its .elp we lay your carpet
one to three days sooner. It sews
strong seams.
Interesting place our carpet room —
rug room too — first tloor. Splendid
light.
West window shows newest ideas in
Body Brussels. Charming.
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
NL FRIEDMAN £ CO.,
233 to 237 Post St., S,F.
Open evenings Near Stockton