VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 98.
OTIS TO ATTACK
MALOLOS AT ONCE
NOT WAITING
FOR LAWTON'S
NEW SOLDIERS
He Expects to Take the
Rebel Chief Aguinaldo
Prisoner.
Hale Drives the Insurgents From
the Front of His Position at
the Water Works.
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The War Department
expects important news from Manila within the next twenty
four hours. Word has been received from General Otis that
he will not wait for the arrival of Lawton and the troops on
the Grant and Sherman before he begins a general attack
upon the insurgents.
The advices say Otis will, either to-day or to-morrow,
make the contemplated advance upon the Filipinos with his
entire force. The arrival of the men on the transports Sena
tor and Ohio has given him enough reinforcements to hold
Manila while he uses the other troops for an aggressive cam
paign against the rebels.
It is expected in this attack Aguinaldo will be captured
and much done to end the insurrection in the island of
Luzon.
■
n jT ANILA. March 7.— General Hale
MANILA, March 7.— General Ha!" |
• rmined this morning to
J\i J j IPs- a way. the onfliny _f rom in
XI J. front of his right wing. The j
gunboat Laguna de Bai, under j
Major Grant, had begun shelling the
enemy's position. Two companies of
the Twentieth Infantry and three com
panies of the First Nebraska, under
Colonel Statenburg, swung in from the
road to the water works, driving the in
surgents toward the Pasig River.
The First Wyoming advanced directly
on the insurgent position in front, one
company swinging forward with a yell, j
followed by the whole line, and in the
meantime the Laguna de Bai was
pounding the foe from the river.
Thus taken on three sides the in
eurgents after some resistance were
driven back. Captain J. D. O'Brien of
the First Wyoming was shot in the
-wrist and Major Bell of the Bureau of
Information . was slightly wounded.
Private John Curran of the Twentieth
Infantry was wounded.
General Hale subsequently sent out
a strong reconnoitering party, which
examined the jungie for five hundred
yards beyond our tines. No live Fili
pinos were seen, but the bodies of many
dead rebels were found where they had
fallen in the undergrowth. It is esti
mated by General Hale that 250 of the
enemy were killed. The village of La
Guig has been burned by the Ameri
- cans.
The natives resumed desultory firing
in the afternoon on Wheaton's and
Hale's brigades. Our infantry and ar
tillery replied and soon drove the enemy
from their position.
At the time of sending this dispatch
the Wyoming troops occupy an ad
vanced position. The insurgents opened
fire across the river from Guadaloupe
and killed Private Lovejoy of Company
C, First Washington, and wounded two
others.
The insurgents have been concentrat
ing to the east of the city and will prob
ably try an attack from that side. Their
principal object is to cut off the water
supply of Manila. The American posi
tions are strong and the attempt will
be futile. The insurgent losses have
been severe during the last few days.
The Madrid authorities have offered
Aguinaldo a ransom of $1000 each for
officers, $100 each for privates and $500
each for civilian servant prisoners. No
offer has been made to ransom priests.
Aguinaldo declares he has paid fili
busters $700,000 and has received inly
600 rifles and 2,000,000 rounds of ammu
nitJion. The filibusters say the re-'
mainder have been captured, but prob
ably they were never bought.
Another example of the treachery of
the natives was given to-day. Two
flags of truce were displayed by the t
enemy in front of General Ovenshine's'
brigade. Lieutenant Koehler and sev
eral men w/re detailed to advance and
learn what the Filipinos desired. The
lieutenant and his party had gone
about 600 yards beyond their lines
■when it was discovered that the bear
ers of the flags were armed and that a
number of natives were concealed in
the brush, with the undoubted inten
tion of massacring the Americans who
replied to the flag of truce.
As soon as the danger of the situa
tion was revealed, Lieutenant Koehler
and his men started to return to the
American lines. They had no sooner
turned than the enemy in ambush
opened fire on them, but fortunately
none of our men were hurt.
Later the Americans attacked the
rebels and drove them across the
Paranaque River, but they returned as
soon as our men retired from the
°la accorda™* with instructions to
The San Francisco Call.
The Water Works at Manila Where Hale Beat Back the Rebels.
OFFICERS REGARD
MEN AS MACHINES
Private Rees Makes Bitter Com
plaints of the Treatment of
Volunteers at Manila.
■ STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 7.— George L. Rees, student,
O who was a private in Company K. First California Volunteers, lectured
§ to-night in the chapel on •Militarism and Democracy," giving personal
g experiences at Manila. His talk was a denunciation of the existing
O army system, with its abuses, especially those springing from the greed
V of officers and their disregard for the rights of the private soldier, bas*d
.*• r, n the supposed inferiority of the private. He told how the men were
O given warm water to drink while in the heat of the tropics, while
*T the officers had plenty of ice water and Iced lemonade from lemons
S that the Red Cross Society had furnished for the use of soldiers.
a In speaking of the poor rations furnished, he stated that during
;• the whole time that unhealthful food was being served to soldiers, of
-0 fleers, who were living on wine and champagne, knew the food to be
g sickening, yet refused to listen to the complaints of men on penalty
O of the guardhouse. He criticized Colonel Smith severely for his domi
a neering acts and for his failure to take into account that American sol
.• dlera were more than machines and had an individuality that should
g be respected. He did not seem to think that Captain Cunningham of
0 Company X was solicitious enough for the welfare of his men. for
i? never was he seen to perform his duty of being in the kitchen when
meats were being prepared.
* "The volunteers," he said, "requested me to tell the American peo
§ pie of the dog-like treatment they were receiving. They are unhappy
O and will come home as soon as their terms expire. Not -even the regu
** lars will remain one day longer than they are obliged to."
S Rees does not see how the War Department can secure soldiers
O enough to carry on the wa_- in the Philippines. Rees while In Manila
$8 proved a bray? but insubordinate soldier, being put in the guardhouse
-; • ight times for disobedience. He was one of the men recommended for
\ bravery.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY. MARCH 8, 1899.
the land and naval forces a general or
der was issued to-day directing the
United States troops to give particular
attention to the specific duty of fur
nishing full protection to the lives and
property of all German, Austrian,
Dutch, Italian and Portuguese resi
dents, and with the co-operation of the
resident German Consul, to give aid
an<l assistance wherever necessary.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the tem
perature was S4 degTees Fahrenheit
and the heat is intense, especially on
the lines, where twenty-five men were
temporarily prostrated during the day.
ONE MORE DEFEAT
WILL SETTLE REBELS
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The War
Department officials were gratified to
learn through the press dispatches that
an attack had been made at San Juan
Del Monte and the insurgents routed
with only one casualty to the Amer
ican troops. Much confidence Is ex
pressed by the officials that one more
big defeat will so forcibly impress the
insurgents with the overwhelming
power and superior fighting qualities of
the American troops that they will of
fer little or no further resistance.
The transport Grant, with more than
a regiment on board, will reach Manila
in a few days. The Sherman is fol
lowing close behind her, and the Sheri
dan probably has a voyage of three
week, before her yet. With these re
inforcements General Otis' forces will
be augmented to the extent of four full
regiments of seasoned regular troops,
with a numerical strength of about
5000 officers and men. This will give
General Otis an army of nearly 35,000,
which, in the belief of officers of the
army, will be quite sufficient to cope
with any exigencies.
The following transports with their
conveying capacities will leave Manila
for San Francisco on the dates set:
Arizona, 1200. March 9; Newport. 600.
March 10: Scandia, 1300, March 11:
Morgan City, 700. March 12. The Zea
landia, with accommodations for 600
men. is in port at San Francisco, but
will not be able to sail for three weeks
because of necessary repairs. As soon
as the first named vessels arrive at
San Francisco they will be loaded with
tro-ops which are under orders to r>ro
ceed to Manila and sail with as little
delay as possible
Guerra in Full Retreat.
CARACAS, Venuzeela, March 7.— The
Government troop? have captured Cala
boza. the stronghold of the Insurgents.
Senor Guerra is in full retreat.
THIS IS THE
BIGGEST TRUST
OF THE TIME
Morgan Organizes Eastern
Coal Interests in a Big
Combination.
Over Eight Hundred Millions m
Sight, but It Will Take Time
to Perfect Details.
Special Pispa*eh to The Call.
NEW YORK. March ".—The World
I says: J. Pierpont Morgan returned
yesterday (Tuesday) on the Kaiser Wfl
j helm der Grosse. He went abroad two
months ago to secure assent of the
Reading English stockholders to a plan
that the Vanderbilts, the Pennsylvania
'■ Railroad Company, Maxwell of the
New Jersey Central and W. H. Trues
dale of the Delaware, Lackawanna and j
Western had formulated for a consoli
dation of all the great Eastern coal in
terests under one management.
Mr. Morgan, when seen after his ar
rival, was very reticent regarding his
work in London. It is understood that j
his efforts have been successful. From
men with whom he had talked and who ,
have been in cable touch with him dur- j
ing his absence a general explanation j
of the plan was learned.
Hundreds of millions of dollars have >
been brought into one combination. A j
pro rata division of the coal output and
of the profits has been outlined, though
months will be required to finally ad
just all the details. It is estimated that j
fully $3,200,000 will be saved annually in |
operating expenses. The companies I
said to be in the big deal are the Read
ing, Lackawanna and Western. Penn
sylvania Railroad Company, New York,
Lake Erie and Western Coal and Rail
road Company, Pennsylvania Coal Com
pany, New York, Ontario and Western
Railway Company, Central Railroad of
New Jersey. New York. Susquehanna
and Western Railroad Company,
Schuylkill and Susquehanna Railroad
Company, with a combined capital of
more than $589, 000,000.
PATROL OF BERING SEA
WILL NOW BE RENEWED
NEW YORK. March 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: In view of
the failure of the high commission to
finally agree upon the Btoppage of pelagic
pealing in Boring Sea. the United States
Government will be forced to rrnew its
Bering Sea patrol. The Secretary of the
Treasury has asked the Secretary of State
for official notice of the failure of the
commission to stop pHagic sealing, and
upon receipt of this notice he will order
thf T'nited States revenue cutters to visit
Bering Sea and begin the patrol of those
waters. The TifAr and MoCullnrh, now
at San FramMsro. will probably be as
signed to this duty.
The Secretary of the Treasury has been
notified that a Canadian scaling fleet of
thirty-seven vessels has left its winter
anchorage and proceeded to Bering Sea to
begin pelagic sealing. This is the fleet
of vessels for which the T'nitod States
Government proposed to pay $450 .iW) in
demnity provided the Canadian Govern
ment would renounce all its rights to
pealing in Bering Sea.
YOKOHAMA VISITED BY
SEVERE EARTHQUAKE
YOKOHAMA, March 7.— A severe earth
quake shock was* experienced at 10 o'clock
this morning, the disturbance visiting
localities of the great shock of is<u, with
some loss of life and property.
On October 2S, 1891. a very destructive
earthquake visited Hondr\ the principal
island of the Japanese group, on which
Yokohama is situated. About 54.000
houses, railways, bridges and the like
were destroyed, and 10,000 persons were
killed and 300. 000 rendered homeless. The
loss of property was estimated at $10,
--000,noo.
Afghanistan's Ameer All Right.
LONDON. March B.— The Calcutta cor
respondent of the Times says: News has
just been received here from Cabul under
date of February 25 which ways tne
Ameer of Afghanistan was then in excel
lent health and had just held a public
"durbar."
The Queen May Recover.
BRUSSELS, March 7.— Although the
papers: are complaining of the secrecy
concerning the details of the Queens
Illness. it transpired to-day that there is
further improvement. Two of the doc
tors are still doubtful, but the third. Dr.
Thiriar, Is confident of her Majesty's re
cover*- ■ ;..\^s .'-"■;■
WILL LYNCH
ASSAILANT
OF A WOMAN
Vigilantes on a Man Hunt
in the Monterey
County Hills.
Determined to Punish With Death
the Brutal Attack Upon
Mrs. D.ouglass.
Special Dicpateh to The Call.
SALINAS, March 7. — Castroville,
eight miles from this city, was the
Ff^ne last night of one of the most das
tardly crimes ever perpetrated in this
county. As a result, the wife of a
prominent citizen lies at the point of
death. Eager to mete out justice to
the criminals, the men of Castroville
have organized a vigilance committee,
and should the culprits be captured
they will be shown no mercy.
For some months past a certain
rough element of Castroville has made
it dangerous for any woman to ven
ture out after dark in thf town. The
I Constable and his deputy have seemed
j powerless to bring the offenders to jus
■ tice. The reign of terror came to a di
j max when a brutal assault was made
I upon one of the most highly respected
women of the place, and since the com
i mission of this crime it has been
! learned that other outrages have been
! committed in the past, and that the
victims have feared to inform upon the
assailants because of threats of death.
James L. Douglass lives in the very
i heart of the town and on one of the
! principal streets. He has been at the
ranch of a relative in Blanco, some
miles away, and during his absence a
woman relative remained with his
wife. Last night, between 12 and 2,
there was a knock at the door. Mrs.
Douglass, taking a lamp, went to the
door and asked who was there. The
reply was that the person had a note
from her husband, who had been badly
injured that afternoon at the Bardin
ranch. Mrs. Douglass in her anxiet>
to learn the news opened the door,
whereupon the man snatched the lamp
from her hand, threw it into the street
! ar.d attempted to drag her out of the
i door. She resisted and he struck her
•j on tho head with a club, rendering her
1 unconscious.
i Mrs. McPhie, the other woman in the
house, escaped through a ha ok dor>r
and ran to the next door neighbor, A.
R. Quinn. and told the story of the as
sult. Quinn notified Supervisor P. Jor
dan and other neighbors and they has
tened to the scene.
In the meantime Mrs. Douglass' as
sailant and his companion — for it is
supposed he had accomplices — dragged
their victim across the street and into
a large grove known as the plaza. The
fiends kicked and beat her brutally.
She was left in a bleeding and uncon
scious condition. Evidently it was their
intention to kill hpr to prevent her re
vealing their Identity, and they thought
they had accomplished this purposp.
After a diligent search by the men
who w^re first made aware of the at
tack. Mrs. Douglass was discovered in
a critical condition. Medical aid was
summoned to try to save her life, while
a posse of men was organized to hunt
down the criminals. Mrs. Douglass fin
ally regained consciousness and gava
the description of one of her assailants
who, she said, was a short, stockily
built man. probcbly a Spaniard. From
the description a man named Castro
was Buapected.
This morning James Douglass, the
husband, found Castro and attacked
him. Castro, however, escaped and fin
ally eluded pursuit. It is thought he Is
in the hills east of this city. Another
of the supposed gang, F. W. alias
'Buck" Silva. could not be found, and
it is reported that he passed through
Pajaro on the morning freight. John
Castro, who also is suspected, is miss
ing. Sheriff Farly and a posse of vet
eran deputies are in hot pursuit of
Peter Castro, and Douglass is at th«
bead of another posse. The Douglass
party is determined to hunt the man
down and hang him. It will not re
turn until the crime shall have been
avenged. At a late hour to-night Cas
tro had not been captured.
Mrs. Douglass is reported as in a pre
carious condition and the chances for
her recovery are remote.
ITALY WILL
PROCEED TO
BULLY CHINA
Determined to Get Apology
for Refusal to Cede San
Mun Bay.
Uncle Sam Was Asked by the
Italian Government to Support
the Grab, but Refused.
■ ROME. March 8. — The Italian Government is fully de- ■
> termined to obtain an apology from China for the Tsung li $
> Yamen's refusal of the demand of Signor Martino, Italian ©
> Minister at Peking, of a concession at San Mun Bay, prov- O
£ ince of Chehkiang, to be used as a naval base and a coaling O
> station. O
5 A squadron of five cruisers, with ioo guns and 1500 q
5 men. will soon arrive at San Mun Bay. q
NEW YORK, March 7.— The Herald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: Not only did Italy endeavor to ascertain what attitude
would be assumed by the United States in case of her occupation of Chinese
territory, but I learned to-day she actually asked this Government to sup
port her pretensions. The startling proposition greatly astonished the ad
ministration.
Never before has the United States been consulted by any Euro
pean power relative to its seizure of Chinese territory.
But the note of the Italian representative here is considered by the au
thorities as formal recognition of the new position in international affairs
which the United States has assumed as a result of the war with Sptin,
and of the immensity of the commercial interests of this Government la
Asia.
Secretary Hay's reply was brief and sufficiently plain to show Italy Just
how this Government felt. It distinctly and unequivocally refused to pup
port the Italian Government and stated that the United States had sever
supported or interfered in any way with the efforts of other government to.
obtain territory and "spheres of influence" in China, and would mos,. cer
tainly not do so in the case of Italy.
The tone of the note was deprecatory of Italy's intention, but no formal
protest was made and from present indications none will be. Italy's efforts
to get the support or at least passive consent of the United States die . ■;.
end with the presentation of the note and receipt of Secretary Hay's r^pl'.
The Italian Minister in Peking approached Minister Conger several *
ago and asked him to use his influence in getting China to consent ■ :. •
Italian demand. Mr. Conger diplomatically evaded an answer, and :;
cabled to Washington. The instruction. sent to him was along the )• ■ - -
the" reply made her.. ' 6
While authorities' information show that Great Britain is diplor
opposing the Italian demand it is apparent to them that Great Brit;
within a very few days either distinctly reiterate her intention to r . ; , *
the integrity of China and support her open-door policy or annoi •
reversal.
It was stated to-day that no communication relative to the i^ctwsdfj
demands had passed between Secretary Hay and Sir Julian Pauncefr but
it would not be surprising if there had not been a discussion in Lone be
tween the American Embassy and the British Foreign Office.
The authorities are anxiously awaiting the announcement of Great Brit
ain's policy, for it is appreciated that it is of great importance to the
United States.
It was definitely announced to-day that so far as the United Stafca;is
concerned there is no intention to interfere in any way with the Italian rlt
mand or to take any step whatever, at this time at least. i j>,. ;
The administration is not even willing to use its friendly offices to open?
China's eyes to the delicate position she occupies, the idea being that it ifl
unwise for this Government to interfere in any Wky, in view of the di^icuit
problems already confronting it in Cuba. Porto Rico and the Philip
Besides the administration appears satisfied that although portions o the
maritime provinces of China are passing under the control of European
states no discriminating treatment of American citizens and their wade^f
will occur.
Diplomats best acquainted with the Chinese situation believe China vviii
not be formally divided up among the several powers. They think the-sev
eral governments will try to extend their "sphere influence" until practi
cally the entire empire is divided among them.
RIVER CHOKED
WITH CORPSES
OF THE SLAIN
Chinese Rebels Massacre Thou
sands of Men, Women
and Children.
VICTORIA, March 7.— According to
news received this evening by EL If.
S. Empress of India. China is again
disturbed by a serious insurrection.
This time it is the central provinces of
the unrestful land that are Involved.
In the province of Anhui depredations
were committed by the rebels, who. led
by Niu Suh Hsin, are over 10,000 strong.
The imperial troops, under General
Kuo. met thorn in a pitched battle on
January 23 and were defeated with
great slaughter. Hundreds were kill
ed, and their bodies, after havine been
mutilated, were thrown into the river
until, according to a correspondent of
the China Mail, the stream was like
a log-jammed crepk.
After the defeat of the imperial
troops, the victorious rebels swept on
to the cities of Kuyang and Meng
sheng, which they took after a short
siege. As soon as they passed the
walls they massacred men. women and
children and performed all manner of
revolting cruelties. They afterward
pillaged the Yamen and the residences
and store and then applied the torch to
the captured towns.
Aftor these successes the rebels
pushed on to Shachou and Katichon.
The gates of the former city were
opened by sympathizers within and
the horrors witnessed at their first two
captures were re-enacted.
Kauchon held out for some time. At
length Niu and his followers gained an
entrance to begin their slaughter. As
a revenge for his having held the city
against the rebels the unfortunate com
mandant of the garrison was butchered
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
with savage cruelty. It is said 200G
men, women and children fell in the
struggle attending the capture of the
city.
It is feared a great famine will fol
low the insurrection, for so terrified are
the natives that the crops have all been
left standing and will not n<> harvested,
The people were either killed or feared
to return to gather the harvest. Whole
villages and towns were tenantless and
in other towns who!<= streets were un
occupied, the late inhabitants having
been exterminated.
It appears that rebels and troops
alike waged a war of extermination,
neither man, woman nor child being
spared.
* A gentleman who reached Hongkong
from the vicinity of the uprising short
ly prior to the sailing of the Empress
said he saw numbers of mutilated
corpses floating down the river. Most
of the corpses were headless. They
were those of mal<=» and female, young
and old. He said he was sickened by
the sight of the headless body of a
woman with the headless body of her
infant secured to her back.
AGUINALDO WILL SUE
A HONGKONG BANK
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG. March 7.— Aeuinalde.
the Filipino leader, will sue the Hong
kong and Shanghai Bank next Mon
day, through Attorneys Crlspto Ltch
anco and Agoncillo. for 5295.000 prin
cipal and interest. The money was de
posited on January 3 of last year.2
BURNS STILL WANTS
SECRECY TO COVER
HIS DARK SCHEMES
Afraid of the Light of Day on His
Senatorial Fight.
THE PEOPLE VS. THE RAILROAD
The Lines in the Contest Are Clearly Defined and the
Cohorts of the Corporation Stand Against
the Commonwealth.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 7.— The touts are still
working under cover to obtain peti
tions from the public calling upon
members of the Legislature to settle
the deadlock by the calling of a caucus.
Burns Is unwilling to accept the decis
ion of the Republican conference that
a majority of the Republicans of the
Legislature preferred to settle the Sen
atorial contest in the open. Petitions
have been left at saloons and pool
rooms, where residents and non-resi
dents, miners and aliens have been in
vited to sign.
The followers of the Candelarian as
sume that a candidate has the right to
call a party caucus to determine his
own standing in the contest. The fai t
Is that a caucus is the right of the
party and not that of the individual.
In many States the caucus system is
not recognized at all, and where it has
been brought into use it has been used
to bind the signers to the cause of the
party's candidate. In this contest now
in progress the Republicans of the Leg
islature are confronted with a candi
date brought forward by the railrcrad
i-nmpany. Had Burns announced his in
tention before the election to become a
candidate for United States Senator the
people would have understood the
question and obtained a declaration
from the candidates on the legislative
ticket, but tne intentions of Burns and
the railroad were carefully concealed
from the people.
It is too late now to come forward
and claim a "party caucus when the
party was not consulted as to the can
didacy of Burns before the election.
In view of this condition of affairs the
Republicans of California are follow
ing the course pursued by the Repub
licans of Pennsylvania — they are light
ing the Senatorial battle o-n the Boor
if the joint convention in open day
light.
The railroad says that Burns can win
if he can get a caucus. The touts say
that he will win if he can get a caucus.
In order to deceive the unwary, he may
feign weakness in the hope of luring
men into a secret caucus. The Barnes,
Orant and Hulla men understand the
programme, but they are cautioned
against the relaxation of vigilance.
The order has gone from the yellow
building to the servants of the corpora^
tion that the Senator shall be no one
but Burns. Members of the Legisla
ture representing Los Angeles County
received telegrams to-day, asking them
to bring about the election of a United
States Senator. N<> preferences were
expressed, which leads to the belief that
there Is a sentiment in that region of
the State favorable to the election of
an able and reputable candidate from
the northern part of California. There
have been so many vigorous protests
from the south against the considera
tion of Burns that the inference is
drawn that any other candidate than
Burns would be acceptable.
Wherever the people have been con
sulted the aspirations of Burns have
been rebuked. According to his own
statement, he became a candidate
against his will to rebuke the press of
the State for criticizing his public acts.
He presents no higher claim to the of
fice than a desire for personal vindi
cation.
When the whole truth comes to light
the fact may be presented clearly to
the public of California that Hunting
ton and Herrin had agreed to support
Burns at the time that the corporation
promised to support If. H. de Young.
Therefore, the declaration of Burns to
his followers that he did not become a
candidate until he was goaded to the
extreme by the newspapers was an
afterthought to justify his candidacy.
Whatever may have induced him to be
come a candidate, the stubborn truth
remains that he was not a candidate
BURNS TRIES TO WORK
A PHONY PETITION
SS CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO. March The people of the S3
♦ State are about to be given another exhibition of the methods Dan Burns is A
*8 resorting to in order to force legislators against their will to enter a secret V
•it caucus and vote for him for Senator. gg
*£ This time the object of the Mexican's scheming is Assemblyman Knights ♦
'c» of Sacramento, s. legislator whom he has before tried to corrupt by threats 25
? of financial and political ruin. His former efforts in this line met with no A
"c» r.ucce3s for the reason that the Assemblyman is a man who holds his honor V
? and liberty of conscience at a greater value than personal or political ad- cm
-, vancement.. Having been taught this by experience Burns and his lieutenants £
*r are now seeking to influence the Assemblyman through the medium of a 55
♦ petition asking him to go Into a caucus for the purpose of selecting a candi- 4
'•* date for United State? Senator. It is this petition and the manner in which 2? ■
o# signatures to It are being secured that is attracting the attention of le^isla- & \
■4 tors and others at the Capitoi. 4 j
58 The active mover in -the scheme is Assemblyman Grove L. Johnson and 55 I
♦ through him the petitions are, being circulated by three or four young men, a
? one of whom is George Dillon, a clerk, out of a job. The petition is to the eg '
c , effect that the "undersigned voters." resident in Assemblyman Knights' dls- a |
I trict, regretting the inability of the Legislature to decide upon 'a candidate <£
25 for election as United States Senator, request that Mr. Knights go into a V
4 caucus having for its purpose the selection of a caucus nominee for Senator. Z,
.$& - These petitions have been in circulation for two or three days and almost ?
♦ eight hundred signatures have been obtained. Of the eight hundred persons £•
*!; whose names appear on the petitions not more than one-fourth are resl- 4 0
c* dents of Assemblyman Knights' district, and of that one-fourth the majority it I
V are men without occupation, reputation or legitimate employment. The men 4 |
gS who are circulating the petitions have spent their time in going from pool ¥> I
■ 4 room to pool room and from saloon to saloon. In all of. the places visited o» j
£5 the petition was presented to all present foy their signatures and all drunks, 4
V disreputables and non-residents usually complied with the request, because 8? !
'15 some one would volunteer the explanation that It was to help a "good ♦
x fellow." SS
rt This petition will be presented to Assemblyman Knights to-morrow or the 4
V day following and he will be asked to accept it as the expression of the will 88
i& of his constituents. That it will have no effect goes without saying, but 4
* It is useful as showing to what lengths the Mexican will go to accomplish S5
$5 his purpose to bring about a caucus and thus give himself the opportunity to ♦
<£ accomplish in secret what he dares not do in the open. *P
' •■ ■+B+S2+B2* sr* SS ♦ £ ♦ U ♦©i«t»*SB*BB ♦»««♦•»•«♦ ii ♦ 8 ♦ Si ♦82^K^88^8$^M
when the people -were voting for mem
bers of the Legislature, and he has no
right now to demand a caucus.
Apart from all these considerations
he is not the man from a moral or in
tellectual point of view to represent
California in the Senate. Fifty-eight
of the eighty-five Republicans of the
Legislature are unwilling that he shall
be chosen- .It is possible that these Re
publkans, who are mindful of the honor
and welfare of the State, may lay aside
personal preferences and cast their
united strength in favor of some able
and clean exponent of Republican prin-
ciples.
It is acknowledged that U. S. Grant
has rendered the State ut California
distinguished service in holding his
supporters in line to defeat the designs
of Herrin and Huntington to force
Burns in the Legislature. Before the
session adjourns he may see his way
clear to advise his supporters to render
the people and party another great
service by joining a movement to se
cure the election of a Senator whose
choice will enlist the commendation of
the people.
The lines of the present struggle are
now clearly denned. On one side the
people are ranged and on the other the
agents of the railroad are massed. The
railroad forces are concentrated on one
side. Burns has the support— the open
and scandalous support Of the corpora
tion. The representatives of the peo
ple are divided, giving their support to
three candidates, and are daily coming
closer together and before adjourn
ment may consolidate the whole
strength of the people in the Legisla
ture on one man for Senator. The de
feat of Burns and the election of an
acceptable and reputable man to the
Senate would teach the corporation a
lesson that it would not soon forget.
At a late hour to-night there are no
signs of material changes in the Sena
torial situation to-morrow, although
Wednesday of this week was the tithe
designated by Grove L. Johnson for
the election of D. M. Burns.
Irving >I. Scott did not arrive from
San Francisco to-night as expected.
There have been rumors this evening
that Jlr. Scott would gain two votes
to-morrow, but the reports cannot bo
traced to a definite source.
There is a deal of comment among:
I the members of the Legislature over tht>
: utter failure of the touts to influence
legislators. The pet measures of sev
! eral pronounced anti-Burns men have
' passed both houses and received the
; approval of the Governor. Early in the
session the hint was hourly thrown out
that a member who should have the
temerity to oppose the election of Burns
would stand but little chance of secur
i ing the enactment of any cherished
measure of legislation.
Members go down the line and point
to the success of Senators Stratton.
j Davis and Smith in getting their fa
| vored bills through both houses. It is
i clearly evident now to all the leelsla
! tors that The Call was right In assert
ing at the beginning of the session
that the boast of the touts that they
coold control legislation was nothing
more than a bluff.
A public knowledge of these facts has
materially weakened the Burns candi
dacy.
Senator Currier, who went to Los An
geles two or three weeks ago for the
benefit of his health, did not return to
day as his friends hoped, but it is ex
pected that he will arrive to-morrow.
The special election in the Eiehth
Senatorial District to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Senator John
Boggs will take place to-morrow and
a Republican victory is predicted.
SENATE PASSES A
NUMBER OF BILLS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAf'RA
MHNTO. March 7.— Senator Stratton's
voting machine fared better under recon
sideration to-day than it did under the
original vote. Stratton brought the meas
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ISIABCH 8, 1890.
ure up this morning, and it passed with
but little opposition.
Luchsingor « bill to license architects
also fared well on reconsideration, for it
parsed by a vote of 23 to 5.
The following bills were passed in the
Senate during the day:
Assembly bill 322, introduced by Rick
ard. amending section 1142 of the Political
Code relating to elections.
Assembly bill 395. introduced by Riek
ard, amending section 1261 of the Political
Code.
Assembly bill 644, introduced by the
Committee on Swamp and Overflowed
Lands, amending sections 2. 3 and 5 of an
act entitled "An act providing for the ap
pointment of an auditing board to the
Commissioner of Public Works, authoriz
ing and directing him and them to per
form certain duties," etc., approved
March 17, 1857.
Assembly bill 347, introduced by Mc-
Donald to appropriate money to pay the
directors of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind Asylum, for the grading and curb
ing of Waring street in front of the lands
of the Institute for the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind at Berkeley.
Assembly bill 349, introduced by Dibble,
amending the Penal Code relative to
crimes against the elective franchise.
Assembly bill 274. introduced by Miller,
making an appropriation to pay the claim.
of I. H. Polk against the State of Cali
fornia.
Assembly bill 159, introduced by Arne
rich, making an appropriation to pay the
claim of the State Board of Horticulture
for moneys expended in behalf of the
State of California.
Assembly bill 611, introduced by John
son, repealing an act relative to the re
demption of the funded indebtedness of
the city of Sacramento.
Assembly bill 439, introduced by Camin
etti, was refused passage by the Senate
This measure was known as the anti
treating bill, and was intended to prevent
candidates for office expending their
money in treating voters to intoxicating
liquors.
Senate bill 722. introduced by Smith,
making an appropriation to pay the
funeral expenses of the late State Lreas
urer Raeliffe.
Senate bill 464. introduced by Boyce,
relating to permissive physical examina
tions by Boards of School Trustees and
city Boards of Education, and providing
for a bureau of child study.
Senate bill 427, introduced by Bulla.
amending an act entitled "An act to pro
vide for the classification of municipal
CHOR US FROM SENATORIAL BALLOON : " The Mexican Doesn't Appear to Be in It',
corporations," approved March 2, 18K3, and
the act amendatory thereof, approved
April 1, 1897.
MUCH UNFINISHED
ASSEMBLY BUSINESS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 7.— The day in the As
sembly was given over to the Senate spe-
cial ways and means unfinished business
and third reading files, and considerable
business was got through with.
Dickinson's Senate bill providing for the
payment of armory rents and armorers'
wages was called up and passed, and the
regular biennial measure for the reim
bursement and relief of John C. Pelton,
the pioneer educator of the Stato, was
brought up by Rickard and passed with
no dissent.
The following bills were passed during
the day:
Assembly bill 1003, introduced by Arne
rich, amending sections 6, 7 and 18 of an
act to create and establish a State Board
of Horticulture and appropriating money to
pay the expenses thereof, approved March
13, 1883, and an act amendatory thereof,
approved February IS, 1885. and an amend
atory act thereof approved March 7, 18S9. |
THE LOBBY WAS
DISAPPOINTED
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, March 7.— The Assem
bly lobby -was packed at noon to
day, and every one was expectant
of a change. It did not come, how
ever. Senator Currier, who was
scheduled to go over to General
Barnes, did not arrive in time to
vote . to-day.
Senator Boyce and Assemblyman
Merritt. who got telegrams from
home to go over to Barnes if they
could do so without enhancing
Burns' chances, kept right on vot
ing for Grant. There was no
change of any sort, and but one
ballot was taken. It resulted as
follows:
BARNES 22
ESTEE •• l
BURNS 2 5
GRANT 26
SCOTT 5
DE VRIES (D.) 1
ROSENFELD (D.) 2
WHITE (D.) 24
PHELAN (D.) 5
and fixing a penalty for the violation of
certain provisions thereof.
Assembly bill 1001, introduced by Rick
ard, adding a new section to the Penal
Code making it a misdemeanor to de
face, obliterate, cover up or otherwise re
move, destroy or conceal the duly filed
traedmark or name of another printed,
stamped, engraved, etched, blown, im
;.r.ss.d or otherwise attached to or pro
duced upon any cask or other package.
Assembly bill 1002. introduced by Rick
ard, amending section 1624 of the Penal
Code relating to the issuing of search
warrants'.
Senate bill 93. introduced by L^avitt,
amending sections 3748, 3758 and 3759 of and
repealing section 3762 of the Political Code
relating to revenue and taxation.
Senate bill 277. introduced by Dickinson,
to ascertain and pay armory rents, ar
morers' wages and other expenses arising
out of the mustering in of portions of the
National Guard and Naval Militia into
the United States volunteer service, in
reorganizing the National Guard and re
sulting therefrom.
Senate bijl r>36. introduced by Stratto
to add a. new section to the Political Code
• elating to rc-gisfcrafion.
Senate ~i?t\\ '6. introduced by Bulla,' to
provide for Certain improvements and re
pairs at the State Normal School at Los
Angeles.
Senate bill 252. introduced by Maggard,
doing away with a clerk in the Controll
er's office and providing for the appoint
ment of an <-xpert to the Controller.
Senate bill 300, introduced by La Rue,
providing for the purchase of land, the
pv.rchase of machinery, the construction
of a dam and other improvements by the
managers of ihe Napa State Hospital at
Nnpa, and appropriating money there
for.
Governor Gage this afternoon approved
Assembly bills 182 and 914.
Assembly bill 182 was introduced by
M/ick, and amends an act to allow unin
corporated towns and villages to «;iiuip
and maintain a fire department., and to
assess and collect taxes from time to
time for such purpose, and to create a
beau 1 of tire commissioners, approved
March 4, iSSI.
Assembly bill 914 was introduced by Val
cnuiic, mid adds a now section to the
Political Code to be known and numbered
as section 540. creating the State printing
fund, authorizing its use, and prescribing
the duties of the Superintendent of State
Printing, Controller and Treasurer in con
nection therewith, all relating to btate
printing. _ .
Assembly bill 950, introduced by Kelsey,
providing for certain improvements and
repairs at the State Normal School at
San Jose. „. ,
Assembly bill 455 Introduced by- Rich
ard, to repay and reimburse John C. Pel
ton for money expended and for services
rendered in establishing the first free
public school in the State of California.
Assembly bill 248, introduced by Warden,
making an appropriation to pay the claim
of Oliver R. Chapman.
An act authorising a party required to
give a bond or undertaking to agree with
his. sureties for the deposit and with
drawal of any or all moneys or assets lor
which such sureties are or may be held
responsible.
Assembly bill 686, introduced by Fair
weather, amending section 529 of the Code
of Civil Procedure relating to injunctions,
approved April 15. 1880.
Assembly bill 742. introduced by Valen
tine, amending section 290 of the Civil
Code relating to articles of incorporation.
Assembly bill 506, introduced by Raub,
amending sections 5 and 6 of the act es
tablishing a State Lunacy Commission.
Assembly bill 955. introduced by Cargill,
to create and regulate public warehouses.
Assembly bill 331, introduced by John
son, amending section 2653 of the Political
Code relating to highway taxes.
Assembly joint resolution 20, introduced
by Merritt, relative IO an inquhy into the
alleged servitude in Siberia of Ira Whit
ney and companions.
WORKING FOR THE
COURTS OF APPEAL
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 7.— John A. Wright and
Dr. Taylor, representing the Bar Asso
ciation of San Francisco, appeared -before
the Senate Judiciary Committee this af
ternoon to confer with that body in regard
to Senate constitutional amendment 1,
which relates to the establishment of
courts of appeal. The act is now in a
fair way to proceed on its routine journey,
though nearly two months have been con
sumed in getting it into proper Bbape.
The amendments to it have been numer-
ous and varied. Senators Dickinson,
Smith and Taylor have all had a hand mi
changing the original bill in some way,
while the bar associations of San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles have offered sug
gestions which have borne fruit. The
committee will meet to-morrow and next
day to prepare the bill, and its advent
upon the floor of the Senate will probably
be Friday.
EDUCATIONAL BILLS
ROUGHLY HANDLED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 7.— The educational bills
which have been before the Committees
on Education of both houses times innu
merable and which have been put through
a course of changes and amendments in
order to get them In proper shape to he
acted upon met with something which re
sembles a setback by the Senate Commit
tee on Education and Public Morals this
afternoon. <«
Bill 679 was literally hacked to pieces
and will be in such shape when it reaches
the floor of the Assembly that the author
himself will find 4t difficult to recognize
it. The principal features of th« Mil were
cut out. That portion which gave the
County Superintendent of Schools the
power to pass upon all materials pur
chased by the school department for
county purposes waa dropped. This sec
tion has had the appearance of beim,r P£
through for the special benefit of the
County Superintendent of Schools, for hi
the wording of the section it gives h m
unlimited power In the way of purohuj-iiiL'.
The portion relating to tenure of office
was also stricken out. In fact the relent
less ax of the committee left the present
law untouched, with the exception that it
compels the Board of Education to pur
chase only the State series of books njr
the use of irdipents. Bill 638 was amend
ed to legally recognize kindergarten cer
tificates and also compelling counties to
grant high school certificatse without ex
amination where the applicant holds a
certificate from another county. The omy
changes in bill 637. which creates and ad
ministers a public school teacher's an
nuity and retirement fund, were correc
tions in the phraseology.
ASSEMBLY RUSHES
APPROPRIATION BILL
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 7.— The Assembly finished
the second reading of the general appro
priation bill to-day and sent It to the
State Printer with instructions to print
it out of order and get it back with no
more than absolutely necessary delay.
Its third reading and passa-9 was made
the special order for to-morrow afternoon
immediately after the Senate special file
is disposed of.
Caminettl of Amador got an amendment
on the agricultural district appropriations
that strikes a hard blow at the county
fair industry by providing that the sums
allowed shall be drawable providing that
no games of chance or gambling games of
any description shall be carried on within
the inclosures. Caminettfs amendment
will work the greatest hardship upon the
Annual State Fair, that of late years has
become little more than good grafting
ground for Joe Harvey and other wheel
of-fortune artists who have made for
tunes here in the years past.
By the amendments that have been add
ed to it during its course through second
reading the total of the appropriations
carried by the bill has been raised $25,600,
but an offset to this is $3000 stricken out
with the position of Commissioner of
Public Works. *
As the bill was introduced in the As
sembly by the Ways and Means Commit
tee it carried a total of $5,097,704 66 : As
it will go to the Senate it foots up Ju.liO.
--304 68 As the bill of two years ago went
to the Governor it totaled $5,343,000.
The amendments that have passed carry
a raise of $14,000 in the postage, mailing,
etc.. allowance of the clerk of the Su
preme Court, a raise of $1000 in the trav
eling expense account of the Governor s
office- $1200 for the Secretary of State
with which to print the constitutional
amendments, $1200 for the traveling and
contingent expenses of the Insurance
Commissioner and a raise of SloOO in his
printing account, $4000 additional to the
printing account of the Bank Commis
sion, and $3500 for the printing account |
of the Harbor Commission. The Stockton
asylum got $6000 additional to its support
fund and $2400 was added to the bill for
the rent of Hastings L.aw College.
This afternoon Grove Johnson suc
ceeded in getting in a further amend
ment carrying $3000 to be used in improv
ing the basement of the Capitol. The im
provement will consist of a restaurant and i
bar room, and will make the "well" with
its villainous whisky a permanent fix
ture of the building.
The umbilical cord that once existed
twixt Dibble and Grove Johnson, and the ,
severance of which Grove announced but '
a few short days ago, was knotted to
gether at the loose ends to-night on the.
same proposition that caused the original
The row occurred over an additional
clerkship in the adjutant general's office,
which the bill created by making an ap
propriation'of $3200 for salary.
It was a pet scheme of Dibble, who is
a strong backer of everything that has to
do With tho G. A. K. or anything arising
out of the late Rebellion. Dibble wanteS
a clerk in the general's office to assume
a «hare of the duties, which have multi
plied since the Spanish embroglio and l to
index and catalogue the relics of the Re
bellion and the late unpleasantness Ha
has a bill now in course of legislation
which practically creates the position, and
he was naturally in favor of the appro
priation providing the salary. He was
backed by Valentine. „
Johnson objected, and after a hard ngnt
succeeded in having that clause ex
punged from the bill. To-night it was
broug-ht up again. Johnson gave sm«ljn§;
consent, and the action of the other day
was reconsidered. Dibble got his clerk.
THE "BOYS" WILL NOT
HAVE TO GO DRY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 7.— Although something
of a. temperance body, the Senate has do
dtbiit to stand in the way of any little
refreshment a candidate may be willing
to deal out during a hot campiign. and
with that end in view the Senators hit
with their ax the bill introduced in the
Assembly by Caminetti which aimed a
blow at the ancient and honorable cus
tom of treating the boys. ....„ ,
Shortridge was the one who felt the worst
about it. He said there were some towns
in this State where a candidate could not
get a vote unless he went into every sa
loon in the place. "The bill simply puts
a premium on lying." he declared. "A
candidata will not tell the truth on a sub
ject such as this, and I wouldn t blame
him if he did not. I won't respect that
bill if it is passed. I'll do as I please with
mv money. I'll spend it in a saVoon or
wherever else I please. I'm 21 and I can
spend my own money without asking the
advice of this Legislature."
Wolfe described the bill as idiotic and a
measure that should never pass. It hit
Braunhart in a tender spot, too. for he de
clared the hill would injure one of the
principal industries of his district, for it
robbed him of the statesman's privilege
ot buying steams, sharp and cool, for his
constituents.
The Senate thought that was too much
and snowed the bill under a shower of
noes, among which there was not even
the suggestion of a notice to reconsider.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 Misfortunes Never
Come Singly/
It is said that ninety-five
out of every hundred business
men meet misfortune at some
stage in their lives; some re-
cover and some do not. If
the remedy in business life
were as easily found as in
the ills that beset humanity,
there would not be as much
misfortune*
In the latter case, multitudes when
attacked by rheumatism, scrofula and
other diseases, flee for protection to
Hood's Sarsaparilla, and they find there
a sovereign and specific remedy for
troubles of kidneys, liver and bowels.
It never disappoints.
IndiKestion— "I could not eat for
some months on account of distress and
indigestion. Hood's Sarsaparilla cured
me so that I can eat and sleep well."
MRS. O. A. GUNTZ. Taylor and Walnut
Sts., Wilmington. Del.
Head and Back— "For one year pains
in my back and head prevented mv
household duties. I took Hood's Sarsa*-
parilla and am a well woman. It also
cured the grip in our family." MRS.
MATTIE HENDERSON, Cor. First and
Franklin Aye.. Columbus. Ind.
Rheumatism— "Myself and a friend
both suffered from severe attacks of rheu-
matism. Hood's Sarsaparilla cured both.
We would not be without It." WM. H.
LESTER, 65 Leonard St.. Fall River,
Mass.
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-Irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parllla.
ADVERTISEMENTS. Jk
Saved From Rupture
Difficult and Dangerous Malady
Cured by New Process.
A Young Man Who Can Now Face Life With
the Courage of a Sound Body.
In Gloversville, N. V, a resident of that
bustling town is facing life with a bodily free-
dom which meaJM everything to .- young man
who has his greater successes before him. Mr.
MR. T. W. CARR.
T. W. Carr had a difficult and dangerous rup-
ture which failed to yield to a number of dif-
ferent kinds of trusses. And he tried the much-
talked-of Rice method, the discovery of Dr. W.
B. Rice, 41SG Main St., Adams. N. Y. His Cur*
"wa^ perfect, the opening through which tha
rupture protruded having grown together. Sur-
geons claim that the only radical cure for her-
nia or breach or rupture, all of which names
the malady Is known under. is to cut open the
outer skin and then sew the muscles together.
| It Is a dangerous operation, kills as oftrn as it
I cures, and is not a certainty. Dr. Rice ob-
i tains all the benefit of an operation but uses no
I knife. The fact is his system is a home cure,
| without . pain, danger, operation or an hour
detention from work. It is marvelous He cured
a man out in Riceville, la.. Win. Blandin by
I name, whose rase was apparently hopeless. Ho
also restored <;•■". F. Mulford, 454 E. sth st.,
Hinton. Mass., who had been ruptured eight-
een years. Geo. Hell of St. Charles, Minn.. id
another remarkable case. There are probably a
thousand others who have all been permanently
cured by Dr. Rice.
Mr Can was cured two years ajro, and his
muscles have grown beyond the. possibility of a
I return of rupture. Write to Dr. Rife for his
free book on rupture. Write to-day. Do not de- .
j lay since to do so may cause you to forget tho \
address. Write to Dr. W. S. Rice. 41SG Main "
Ft., Adams, N. Y.
M.OTOS.ATHIO ■f ■ SB* fg ■ *£\
irtDar. d&iJ^-iieW THE NEW
tSTtir 10th Day. -^a« >^|t. TT rllbnUllii
VITA L! - oihßa J r - xSI m Dcsacnv
PRODIVII^HK A BOTH SOth Day. IlLßlkllllf
1 RESULTS, Itquickly 4 surely remov«s Nervousness, lmpoUncy.
Nightly Emission*, Etil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self -abase or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lest Vitality,
Power and railing Memory. Wards off Insanity and rom urop-
tlon. Cures when all others tail. Insist on haring TITALIi*.
no other. Can be carried in the -vest pocket. By nail |>1.00
per package or six for 95.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Kefond the Money. Circnlar Free. Address
: CALX MET CUBE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chirac*
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. P. and Oakland.
M^y/hL/ WHEN YOU
Require an ELEC-
Pitt'"" nfil yv\ vl'l '
't^' not be disappointed.
*7f^ = Call or address PIERCE
?*>•; ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mark** »t. (opp. Palac* Hots). S. F. \l
IMCrDWiTr/X Keiwm viTAumr i
IMClri VMM lost vigor. "
t— ■ AND MANHOOD
JRpP^^ Cures potency Night Emissions and wasting
■fSfc^B W diseases, ail effects of self-abuse, or excess and
Wj^^n indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood-builder.
iJßff Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and rs»
L »»«■ / stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
Wd^*&!L bozi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jOJf^^S^^I guarantee to cure or refund the money. ■
Btrvita medical Co., Clinton « Sacks on its., Chicaae.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye.San Francisco.
POfcirheat«r*n Easllsb Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS I
-4S"^v Original and Only Genuine. A.
£.i\ tKij* Druggist tor'Chich'.m<rr's Eiigluh D>*-MF£a
4rf*4iS> l US»kn»nd Brand in Red and Gold nieta;;ic\\S'
>v —^gMboiM. «<-alsd with b'.uo ribbon. Take VKr
761 K*|n« other. Refute dangrroui rubs titv V
I' — fg ««on* and imitation: At Druggists, or send 44>
I (a. -Jr in stamps for particulars, testimonials «n<
I <Q» B " U«li«>f fcr Ladles," inUtLsr, by rrtan>
Jk IT Mall. IMOU Testimonials, ilma* Pap<.t
'- x rCbl'-ii^ster Chemical Co., »a.a»r«
•»!■ >y m Local Ongglsti. PItH.AOA.. I- A
tIERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
R WE4KWOWEM. |
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialist cures Private. Nervous, anil Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y 'is' experience.
Patten ts cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Honrs9
to3dallr;6.3otoS:3o ev'gs. Similars, 10 to 12. Consul-
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ROBCUE MfMLTY, M.D.
26' 2 Kearny tit., San Francisco. Cal.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDEF
Paris, J. ESFIC ; Hew York, E. FOUGERA. &CC
SOLD BY ALL , DRUGGISTS.
yvvwvvvvwwwvvvvww,vvwx
l^y^y^ III! flilUlj I
1 A PERMANENT CURE |
2 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
> and Gleet, cuarantecd In from 3 to 6s
1 1 days ;no other treatment required. 5 I
,5 .' Sold by all druggists. ? ;.
■dB^OEWEY.STRONG &CO.^?V
V- J !
VBS^_35U MARKET ST. S.F.>»itfy : \
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— ',
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
! CO. European plan. Rooms, tuc to $1 So day;
$5 to $8 week; %8 to $30 month. Free bath*; not •
and cold water every room: Mr* grates la every t
room; elevator ruck all nlcbt,
AM. X. HESS.
HOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOaNKY-AP LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, ClaA Spreckela Bids. |l
Telenhone Brown 931. X
Residence. 811 California st., below Powell. jgK
San Francisco. _ >f iR
Weak Men and Women i
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THS H
Kreat Mexican remedy; gives' health anil ?!
i •tn&stb to sexual organ*. Depot. '433 Mvl»«U i |THE MEXICAN GETS
A KNOCKOUT BLOW
FROM POOLSELLERS
Burns and His Gambling Partners
Cannot Have a Monopoly.
DOG EAT DOG CLEAR THROUGH
Senators Show the Falsity of the Boast of the
Candelarian Candidate That He Controls Legis
lation and Owns the Legislators.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 7.— Dan Burns and his
gambling partners are not to have the
exclusive privilege of robbing the pen
pie, of the metropolis through the me
dium of the racing game at Ingleside
land Oakland racetracks. This much
■was decided to-day in the Senate by !
a vote that not only killed the poolselling
bills, but also demonstrated the idleness
of the Mexican's boast that he controls
the majority in the Legislature and can
kill any bill that displeases him or pass
any measure that he favors.
This was a field day for gamblers.
Bnd the war that was waged for and
against t;. s of the bills affect
ing their business was as bitter a one
es h; n here for many a day.
It was dog eat dog from start to finish,
end when the smoke o-f combat had
cleared away there was not enough left
cf Dan Burns, Ed Corrigan and their
packers to hold an inquest on.
To-night the poolsellers who came !
here yesterday with the determination i
not to allow Burns and Corrigan to se- |
cure for themselves an exclusive privi
lege for fleecing the public are celebrat- '
ing their victory. As their victory was j
Burns" defeat the .Mexican finds his
dream of a gambling trust, the profits :
of which would have been shared by j
him and his immediate associates in the
racing gums at Ingleside. so badly
shattered that there is no hope of its
future fulfillment.
There were two bills before the Sen
ate, one by Senator Sammy Braunhart
to limit racing to sixty days and the
other by Assemblyman Atherton to
prohibit the selling of pools on any j
sporting event except within the limits j
of a racetrack inclosure. This last bill (
was the most objectionable to the pool- (
sellers, as it was so worded that, had i
It become a law, the sporting resorts ;
where pools are now sold on prize- . j
fights and other sporting events would
have to shut up shop. In other words,
the racetracks were given the exclusive
privilege of fleecing- the public their
trade in that line being legalized by ■
legislative enactment.
- Overtures were made to Burns by the
poolsellers to have the bill killed, the j
argument being advanced that they j
had supported him in his political fights s
and he should now return the favor by \
assisting them. They had, they said, j
done all that lay in their power to elect i
him Senator and it was an ungenerous j
act for him to seek to monopolize the j
gambling industry to their great detri- .
ment. To these pleas Burns turned a
deaf ear, and then it was, and not un- I
til then, that the poolsellers pooled |
their issues and declared war on the j
Mexican.
Burns issued orders to his followers
In the Legislature but not all of them
■would obey him. Some of them were
under more obligations, politically, to j
the pool room men than they are to
Burns, and they elected to vote again:.- ■
the Mexican. Other legislators who
have been voting for other senatorial
candidates than Burns saw in the oc
casion an opportunity to disprove
Burns' assertions that he controls the |
Legislature, so they sided with the pool !
sellers. These legislators said that if |
the law as it stands on the statute
books to-day is not what it should be
it certainly would not better conditions
to pass other laws giving to th few
the privileges that are now possessed
by the gambling fraternity in general.
So it was that whe-n the bills came up
for action in the Senate to-day Burns
: found himself opposed by a formidable
array of votes. Still he refused to sur
render and in desperation called to his j
eid all of his henchmen who are still j
loyal to him. Among these was his
faithful servant, Assemblyman Wright
of Alameda. Wright left his Beat in the
Assembly to lobby for the pool bills on ■
the floor of the Senate, but he is dis- ■,
graced and discredited and his support
of the bills worked to their disadvant- !
age rather than to their good. It was
riot until the pool room men threatened
■£, support an amendment that would :
prohibit pool selling on every foot of i
California soil that Burns finally dis- |
ADVEBTISEMENTS. j
SENT FREE TO MEN
The Etato Medical Institute Discovers a j
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARC SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
rrro samples of a most remarkable
, ar , being distributed by the Stato
¥\ Mr-il Institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It \
,-'.V; so nVany men who hud battled for ,
against the mental and physical i
. n g of Jost manhood that the insti- |
: as decided to distribute free trial
•es to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
mv form of sexual weakness, resulting
f.em youthful folly, premature loss o?
f [,-cneth and memory, weak back, varico-
cclc. or emaciation ofparts can now cure
themselves at home. .._-_,
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct ;
t h? desired location, giving strength I
n-d development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural l'unc-
t'Ti«s"aivl has been an absolute success
l-i all rases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 302 First National Bank
li.-'ldinc Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ices will be complied with. The institute
Is de=ira»s of reaching that great class '
of men who are unable to leave home to j
te treated and the free sample will en- j
abie thorn to see how easy !t is to be !
cured oi sexual weakness when the i
I) me' remedies are employed. The In- i
Htitutc makes no restrictions. Any man ■
who writes will be nent a free sample,
c.-'refully scaled in a plain package so
that its recipient nc^d have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar« j
l-^iuesu-d to write without delay. I
played the white flag of surrender and
acknowledged himself beaten at his
own game.
The proceedings of the Senate com
menced with the consideration of
Braunhart's substitute for his original
bill 419. Senator Davis was on the
floor at once and submitted an amend
ment, which had the effect of removing
that clause which exempted race I
tracks from the prohibition against |
1 l selling. It made the bill atuilv
everywhere and struck poolselllng
from the State altogether. In speak- \
ing to his amendment Davis said that i
as it sto.nl the bill create- a monopoly
for those poulsellers who did business
at the rare track and he thoueht it j
was an unjust measure.
At this point, however, Braunhart
asked leave to withdraw the substitute
and put in its place the original bill
and permission was grunted.
Davis was not to be put down, how
ever, and immediately submitted an
other amendment which had the same
effect on the original bill as the former
one had on the substitute. Ashe
asked if he wanted to kill racing alto
gether, and then Jones wanted to know
why there was racing,' anyway; if it
was not to test the speed of horses what
was it for? To bet? To tempt young
men and women? He believed the
amendment should be passed.
Braunhart said he had introduced
the bill in good faith and in his desire
to have some restriction placed on the
vice of poolselling he was willing to
adopt any suggestion or amendments
which were offered; he was therefore
willing to accept Davis' amendment if
the Senate wanted it. But the Senate
did not want it, and ar't^r Wolfe had
spoken against it and had warned the
Senate that if it passed it would kill
the racing game in California, the
amendment went to a vote. The re
sult was a defeat by a vote of 20 to 11
as follows:
Ayes— Braunhart, Davis, Doty. Jones.
I. a Rue. Nutt, Pace, Rowell. Sims.
Stratton. Trout — 11.
Xoes — Ashe Bettman, Boyce, Bull^,
Burnett, Dickinson, Feeney, Dwyer.
Flint. Hall, Hoey, I 'rd, Langford.
Leavitt, Morehouse, Shortridtce. Simp
son, Taylor, Wolfe — 20.
Leavitt jumped to his feet as soon as
the vote had been announced and mov
ed that the bill itself be denied en
grossment and third reading. "We
have spent enough time on this meas
ure." he said, "and we had better kill
it now. It is just as good as letting
it go to final passage and killing It
then."
The Senate was not at all backward
and without more debate the roll was
called on the motion and the bill was
denied further progress. The question
was 'Shall the bill be read a third
time?" and the vote was:
Ayes — Boyce, Braunhart, Bulla, Jones,
La Rue, Nutt, Pace, Rowell, Sims,
Stratton, Trout, Doty, Dwyer— l3.
N oes — Ashe, Bettman, Burnett, Cut
ter, Dickinson. Feeney, Gillette, Hall,
Hoey, Laird. Langford. Lr-avitt, Luoh
r, Morehouse, Shortridge, Simp
son, Wolfe, Davis. Flint, Taylor— 2o.
That ended the Senate legislation on
the subject of poolselling, but the Sen
ate was not willing to stop at that.
Atherton's Assembly bill was still on
the file, and to be sure that the job
should be well finished so long as it had
been begun Wolfe moved that the As
sembly measure be denied second read
ing. There was no word in defense of
the measure from any one, and there
was but one in the Senate, Braunhart,
who demanded a roll call. It takes
three to secure a roll call on such a
vote, and s<> the ayes and noes were
called for. What the noes lacked in
numbers they made up in noise, but it
is votes that count and the last piece
of poolroom legislation went by the
board.
There is indignation In the heart? of
several of those who came up to Sacra
mento to help Atherton's bill through.
It was Dickinson's measure practically,
and he was supposed to look out for it
in the Senate. Chark-s Burnell of San
Fnm< isc( came up to represent the
Merchants' Association and the people
of Sausalito, and he is around town to
night declaring that something must
have been th« matter.
"Whi n the Atherton hill came up I
expected Dickinson to speak on it, but
he remained silent, and when the roll
call was demanded he did not even try
to make up the three. Finally when
the vote had been taken I went over
to him and told him to change his vote,
so we could pet a reconsideration, but
he said it would be no use, and so we
lost the chance."
A SMOOTH JOB
OF JOHNSON'S
EXPOSED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 7.— Assemblyman Rad
cliff of Santa Cruz stirred up a well-
Btocked hornet's nest in the Assembly
this morning when he called up a resolu
tion of Grove Johnson's, Introduced on
January 14. Mr. Johnson's resolution was
a peremptory order to the Committee on
CommlsHior.s and Public Expenditures to
investigate every commission now fat
tening at the expense of the State and
report to the Assembly which of th<-m
might as well be- dispensed with. Mr.
Johnson's resolution was adopted unan
imously, and that is as far as the mat
tor has gone. The committee has intro
duced no bills, made no recommendations
or any report. The resolution has sim
ply had the effect of staving off legisla
tion against commissions, with the hope
and trust that the committee would do
its duty.
Radcliff, who already has introduced
bills obliterating the Bureau of Highways
and Board of Railroad Commissioners,
saw through the lob yesterday, and this
morning offered the following resolution,
which was adopted:
Whereas, in the early part of this session of
the Assembly a resolution was Introduced by
the Hon. Grove L. Johnson and referred to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MABCH 8, 1899.
Committee on Commissions and Public Ex
penditures to report to this body what public
commissione could be abolished^ in accordance
with the views expressed in Governor Gaffe's
inaugural address; and whereas, this commit
tee has failed to so act up to date. Therefore
be it
Resolved. That the Committee on Commis
sions *nd Public Expenditures be instructed to
forthwith make a report in accordance to the
demands made by said resolution.
Conrey of Los Angeles, chairman of
the derelict committee, replied to Rad
cliff's resolution with the statement that
the committee had done nothing: in the
line of its instructions for the reason that
there is a special commission now in the
pay of the State to fulfill the same du
ties. The committee, he said, would re
port, but its report would amount to
nothing, as it had done nothing. Mr.
Conrey considered that his little state
ment settled the matter, but Melick and
Radcliff did not concur with him.
When the standing committees of the
Assembly were being formed Melick of
Pasadena, who came up here pledged to
fight against unnecessary and expensive
commissions, applied for the chairman
ship of the Commissions Committee. He
was turned down by ex-Speaker Wright.
Radcliff. who came up here pledged the
same way, applied for membership on the
committee. He was turned down in the
same positive manner by the same
Wright.
Then Wright selected his committee
with Gonrey at its head, and juet how
well the committee has abided by the
spirit of its appointment is demonstrated
in the fact that it has brought in no re
port. It has simply pursued the "lay
low" policy and permitted Grove John
son's resolution to have the desired ef
fect, the forestalling of any legislation
that would tend to unload a lot of well
fed and overpaid Job-chasers on the
streets. , .
Radcliff does not propose to stop at his
resolution. He has a bill in course of con
struction which is designed to do the
work the committee was instructed to do,
and unless a satisfactory report Is ren
dered he will introduce It out of order.
DIBBLE JOCKEYS
WITH PLACERVILLE
"CINCH" BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 7.— Except for the state
ment that it "was all a mistake" Assem
blyman Dibble is finding it hard to ex
plain the latest jockeying that has been
attempted with Assembly bill 839. Assem
bly bill 839 Is the measure Introduced In
the House by Dibble, as agent for Drury
Melone, the Napa capitalist, and others
who are attempting to cinch the city of
Placerville to the tune of $2+0.000 by legis
lative enactment.
Dibble's first peculiar work was done
when the bill was in the hands of the Ju
diciary Committee. The friends of the
mining town went to him, explained the
crooked intent of the measure, and he
promised to let them know when it was
to come up for consideration. Instead of
keeping his word he got his bill through
one evening with recommendation that it
do pass, and the first notice its opponentb
had of it was when it turned up with
that recommendation on the special file.
Valentine of Los Angeles and Raw of
Placerville demanded that he return it
to Its proper place on the second read
ing tile and then recommit to the Judi
ciary Committee, and Dibble made warm
promises to do as directed.
ili.s second promise proved of as much
value as his first, for, taking advantage
one day of the absence of Valentine and
Raw lie stated from the chair, to which
he had been called, that the opponents of
t.he bill were willing it should go to third
reading and tinal passage and upon his
statement the House passed it along.
Valentine openly accused him of bad
faith next nay, and Dibble, seeing he was
caught, finally had the bill sent back to
commit tee.
The opposition spoke against it one
evening 1 . Drury Melone. whose interests
Dibble is favoring, explained his side of
the proposition on the next. Of the two
stories the committee chose that of the
people of Placerville, and the majority
amended that the bill do not pass. A
minority report was turned in with the
recommendation that the bill do pass,
and between the two reports opportunity
has beer, made for further manipulation
to the advantage of the instigators of the
measure. With a bunch of others the
Judiciary Committee's report was ren
dered yesterday and read from the desk
in the usual way. Then it was sent over
to tho printing office and to-day the As
sembly history came back with the state
ment that the majority had recommended
the bill to pass. The misstatement in the
history was at first laid to inadvertence
on the part of the printer by the oppo
nents of the bill, but further investiga
tion developed that the journal of yester
day carried the same mistake.
Mr. Raw immediately demanded an ex
planation of Dibble, but with a wave of
hand the agent for Melone dismissed fur
ther interrogation with the simple state
ment that it was a mistake. Mr. John
son, chairman of the judiciary committee,
and the other end of the umbilical cord
that binds him to Dibble, also waved hi.s
hand and said "mistake." Then the op
ponents of the bill went upstairs and
dragged over the minutes of yesterday
to see if there had been any interlinea
tions. There were nonej the report showed
plainly that the recommendation of the
majority was that the bill should not
pass.
Then the matter was called to the at- |
tention f>f the Speaker by a motion to
correct both journal and history. The
motion vas carried, and tb,e Investiga
tion continued, but nothing was develop, ci
to «how who had done the tine work at
the printing office. Later Dibble smiled :
again and conlided to a representative of !
The <:ill that it was all a mistake, and he '
was glad it was corrected, and Mr. John- j
son did the same thing, hut the Placer j
ville people are not satisfied with the ex
planation and propose to look further In- j
to the matter before allowing it to drop.
Dibble got a chance to get back at As- '
semblyman Raw during the session this
evening. That Is, the chance did not '
come to him— he created it when it came !
time to take up the Ways and Mean?
unfinished business file. The hour set by
one of Dibble's own peculiar rules for the
consideration of Ways and Means busi
ness Is from 7 to 8:30 o'clock each evening.
Raw had a bill on file and due for its ■
third reading and final passage this even
ing that is of the utmost importance to Xl
Dorado County. It carries the appropria
tion for the J,nke Tahoe road, without
v.hieh that magnificent route to the lake '
cannot be kept open. Raw's bill wa.s due
to pass, and he wanted what was coming
to him. Dibble went down and talked
to Grove Johnson, and when the hour for
the file came along Johnson moved to take
up Senate messages instead. Dibble I
backed him and Raw objected, although :
h< was willing to let it go if Dibble and
Johnson would agree to give the Ways :
and Means file its full time when they j
should come to it. They would not agree,
and kept up th«ir demand for the Senate!
messages, and it was granted them, de-
Bpite that Raw branded their action as
an unfair trick and accused Dibble of
breaking his own rules. When the Ways
and Menus file was finally taken up a
scant three-quarters of an hour was given
to it and Raw's bill went into the- discard.
SENATOR CURRIER
' NEVER FOR BURNS
LOS ANGELES. March 7.— Senator A.
T. Currier, who has partially recovered
from his recent Jllness, snent two hours
in Los Angeles to-day on business. He
left for his home in Spadra early in the
afternoon. The Senator will leave for
Sacramento either on Wednesday or
Thursday night.
Senator Currier, according to his
friends, said but little regarding politics
or the Senatorial embrogllo. Still suffi
cient has been learned from his intimates
to state with positlveness that under no
circumstances would he vote for Burns,
and according to one who Is very close to
Currier, "there Is not enough money in
the kingdom to purchase the Senator's
vote." Although Bulla has been re
moved as a factor. Currier is known to
still desire a Senator from the South, but
whether he will throw his strength to
Grant is not established. Currier has
been heard to say that he admired Gen
eral Barnes very much, which gives that
eloquent gemtleman's friends here en
couragement that the Spadra Senator
may support their choice.
To Guard Against Fire.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 7.— The Assembly Com
mittee on Commerce and Navigation met
this morning and reported favorably upon
bills No. 879 and 880. The bills make It
compulsory for crews of ferry and river
boats to have a regular fire drill. It also
compels the steamship companies to fur
nish complete flre apparatus for their
vessels.
TRYING TO
DETERMINE THE
COST OF LIGHTS
Rigid Investigation by
Finance Committee
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors commenced an investigation
last night which has for its object the de
termination of what sum would be a fair
compensation to pay the San Francisco
i Gas and Electric Company for lights fur
i nished the city during the months of De
cember, January and February.
The Inquiry is the result of the legal
i squabble which grew out of the injunction
sued out by the Mutual Electric Light
Company, which invalidated the contract
! made between the previous Board o£ Su
! pervisors and the Gas Company for the
lighting of the city.
Mayor Phelan, Supervisors Perrault.
Collins, Attridge, Kalben, Deasey and
i Aigeltlnger; W. K. Summerhayes of the
! Mutual Electric Company, Edward C.
Jones, engineer of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Light Company; C. O. G.
Miller treasurer of the company, and J.
E. Green, manager of the electric depart
ment, were present.
The company was represented by its at
torneys, William Xix and Charles S.
Wheeler. ,. .. ,
After several hours of diligent though
fruitless inquiry into the cost of produc
ing gas, the cost of coal and other com
modities used in its production, the com
mittee decided to make an attempt to
force President Crockett of the Gas Com
pany to appear before them next Thurs
day* night with the books of the company
and prepared to answer all questions con
cerning the cost of making gas and other
matters involving the company's financial
affairs. This was deemed necessary in
order that the committed* may be enabled
not only to fix a compensation for the
lighting of the city during the months in
question, but for future months as well.
At the outaet of the Inquiry. Mayor Phe
lan and Attorney Rix indulged in a rather
warm discusslo as to whether or not the
committee had a right to Investigate the
private financial affairs of the company
during the course of the present investi
gation.
Rix said that the officers and attorneys
'■ of the company were not present nor were
: they prepared to go into a general discus
sion as to what would be a reasonable
price for lighting the city and county.
He said: "As I understand this matter.
we are simply here to determine what
■ sum should be paid for lighting the city
1 during the two months past." The Mayor
i replied to Rix's statement by claiming
! that in order to get at the proper com
pensation for the months in question it
would be absolutely necessary to find out
what it cost to make the gas or generate
the electricity. To determine just how
SUITS AND OVERCOATS.
>«$^ If you remember, last week we had " i||l§l|k
<1 a sale of $g and $8 all-wool suits, and i|gBl|9
j' M^i "™" "I our salesmen pronounced them the best «^^P
•■"I* — ~~ > «jSijL" ~^^*^? values we had ever given for the £ ffijß
r^^^^^^^^^^"^ ' To keep up the interest already ere- ~ mC/X.-
'^^««U7«lWr -.■■ ' ated, we have selected a number of /T? 2>\
' >Ml«m^#fa¥m=_J' Suits and Overcoats that have always / M ff\
A/^l "' lllm% sold before for $12.^0, and some even /3/ V \
$ • ioy * iiP it w?% . for » 15 . and marked them a., down to iW \\
lifvii viulfH We win keep these Suits and Over " *^?^ J y i '
li ifi 'If viiuilll coats in repair for one year and not X J "'%
ff ill lif vOMfflll charge a .cent for it, because we want .-■£ : w 'j r Ugii^-^^' - 'J\
$ Will X ImBI to show you that we have entire faith ,o ,-' r'^BPfflJ J l ' &
3 l^'ril \'ll\i in the garments. /7 • ; --SM tf '"
m || | AhA Vinlllil The suits are all-wool Cheviots, Tweeds and / \vi M u.yVi ' W|l'^M — .~#-?-i^l>C
K/^ I'll ImUvII Cassimeres, sizes 34 to 44» thus covering nearly every t.:QQ^^^Si ®|X "*****^-A«»»"*-r k
lr'' !i |ffftffl tin uk I one's size; there are about twenty different patterns Wlllii
I I it! ■ UlluU' m of the suits in browns, grays, blacks and mixtures. \mM
I :'W|ii vl\\\\\ 1 Silk sewings are used, also' Italian linings, some with rS L
U li ill \ ''Vifi linings of princess serge.. Suits are made in our 'Ij^^i
|lr I|l w\\\m • own workshop — we are responsible for every stitch. vl'^^i
VWmi ruvW'll The overcoats consist of English Worsteds, Brown 1 m mk
Will VU\Uva and Oxford Meltons, Coverts, Whipcords, Vicunas fiiPi
ViVi ;J vfv*V% an<l crsc - vs - Sleeves are silk lined; Italian cloth y^'^j|j£gf^'
■^i-^ ■niSr >|\\v||k ... body linings. They are thoroughly and carefully
si^^C!^wfeSs^^ : s??c<ss''Njipj^S'^S made. Don't you feel very certain that they are all ii^l^ssS'
-"^ c ~?^T " right when we keep them in repair free of charge for /£sy|^ 5 '
'»■ ** — "** one year? . (s^**^
CHILDREN'S CLOTHING.
The boy is as fond of good clothes /V) .j
as his father, so why not have him \^^ . \r^ ;^A \
(^/SS^&ljij^L For this week we have some suits for *(J\^W r" «'' x '
n l ' lc Iclt ' ? a P icture "' a mi(^^y uit for r lO " 5 /^'^M'^^^^^^K fAo
/ from 3to 8 years. It is a tastefully trimmed little suit, \\Sl'
B^^^^\'|p|s ._ /# has soutache on the collar, vest and sleeves: two f^^^\M^'Ma^'^^^^ it
~W'^W*'Wk^'~^^ /JL pockets; some of the suits have buttoned sleeves, ' tY^|:;'M^| \ Wo&E& j)
- -— - m\\ J».''''^otl~ / 4 i^T ' otners pl am - You will be P^ ease d with it for the j ''^^P^^^^S^^Sc ■| f
«Pm^ n CIMr rvlll V ne ot ' lcr picture is a reefer suit for boys from »qL- \• | j^kjf^V^^j nj T^d '
Wfe^^Pf 7f)jf I/ / I 4to 10 years. This is the suit for the schoolboy. The jjl I."*
~~ £ *vl^^^^^vm/ &4 J colors are browns and grays in checks, plaids and """vf^^*^?^^^s?W['r^ I'l \
- =J^Sf^S^l^rf 'i stripes; material is all-wool and sewed to stay. Will -^ < ■Sj %^^M -> || ]
v" l^f \^ igKyJKiy*'^ last the boy wonderfully long for the price. — -^c — ' v jag li£^s*XllL
—— MB 1^ — ~~ Double-breasted suits, same as reefer suits, in . __N ___>- — Plla^^^^Mpv "
■^^■"l^R^lffl^^-"^^^*^"*^* assortment, but are for boys from Bto 15. Vi x Vtg^v. r^^k
-^^z*^^K *^^M" fC^^"i" Boys' pants, ages 3to 15. in about 40 patterns; V \^s ]M . "___^i
v^.^^l^'lra '•^^3^-?^'* are all-wool, have taped seams, patent elastic waist- ''W \r . \^L__^v*— —
■■' 4s&z!jsßs> T^ -^gjj^^&l. bands, strong pockets, three buttons on the knees, \* "*^s
~" lfc are half-lined; price
•^^fc *^^ft A PAIR - •
S. N. WOOD & CO:; 718 Market St:
much it costs the company to produce gas
at the present day the Mayor thought it
would be necessary to delve into the
financial affairs of the company.
Edward C. Jones, the company's engi
neer, its treasurer. Mr. Miller, and J. E.
Green took the stand and testified to
various matters pertaining to the manu
facture of gas and affairs of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company in
general. All three of the gentlemen were
closely questioned by Dr. Perrault and
Mayor Phelan.
W. R. Summerhayes of the Mutual Elec
tric Light Company was the last witness
examined. He informed the committee
that in his judgment $3 per night was
ample compensation for the company to
receive for the arc lights furnished the
city.
In answer to questions put to him by
Supervisor Perrault. Mr. Summerhayes
stated that the Mutual Electric Light
Company was prepared to furnish the
city with lights at a much lower figure
than it was paying the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Light Company.
HEAVYWEIGHT SLOGGERS.
The San Francisco Athletic Club held
its monthly fistic entertainment last even
ing on Sixth street ar.d a large crowd was
presentTO see the punchers punch.
Fred Jarrett. the heavy-weight pupil of
Professor Bean, proved to be a formidable
"dub" when he faced James Jeffords the
Cornish miner. Jarrett was <iulte clever
in foot work, but his hitting powers were
far from being dangerous. In fact. Jar
rett has much to learn in so far as
straight hitting and stopping are con-
Jeffords soon discovered that Jarrett
was a novice at the game and. finding In
a mix-up that several excellent openings
were offered for a knock-out, he quickly
availed himself of the opportunity to put
his apponent in his little bed. and with a
few well directed punches Jarrett went to
the hard and cold floor, where he re
mained for eight seconds.
On regaining his pins Jeffords adminis
tered to him a brace of Cornish left-hand
ere which settled all further dispute as
to locel championship. Jarrett took a
tumble and held the floor well in hand un
til counted out.
SCHOOL DIRECTORS CONFER.
The Board of Education v.-il! meet to
night at the new City Hall. The depart
ment still costs the city $2600 a month
more than its allowance under the one
twelfth act. and it is expected an effort
will be made to avoid this excess.
The teachers who are expected to suffer
are those whose salaries are over $100 p»r
month The Directors claim they do not
see their way very clear yet to pay the
20 per cent held back from the January
salaries.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Jennie M. Van de Grift from El
bortE. Van de Grift on the ground of deser
tion; Grace E. Whitman from Horace E.
Whitman on the ground of desertion;
Margaret Johnson from James Johnson
on the ground of extreme cruelty; Otto
E yon Rhein from Ida A. yon Rhein en
the ground of desertion: and Minnie E.
Mason from Frank S. Mason on the
(.-round of desertion. Margaret Fuller
tun has sued George- Fullerton for a di
vorce, alleging cruelty as a cause of ac
tion. Henry F. Reguhl has applied for an
annulment "of marriage contracted with
his wife. Dora Reguhl. on the ground that
when they were married in 1890 Mrs. Be
guhl had another husband living.
BOARD OF VISITORS
TO NAVAL ACADEMY
WASHINGTON, March 7.— The
President has appointed the
following persons as a board
of visitors to the Naval Acad
emy: Rev. James Lewis, Jo
liet, 111.; Rev. Alexander Mackay
Smith of Washington, D. C; Dr. Ed
ward H. Harrison of Chicago; James
S. Browning of Pocahontas, Va.; W. S.
Valle of Springfield, Mass.; J. J. Mc-
Cardy, St. Paul, Minn., and Frank J.
Symmes of San Francisco, Cal. The
Vice President has not yet designated
the representation of the Senate on
this board of visitors, but Speaker Reed
has named for the House of Represen
tatives Steele of Indiana and Settle of
Kentucky.
In appointing: Frank J. Symmes as a
member of the Board of Visitors to the
United States Naval Academy at Annap
olis President McKinley has given the Pa
cific Coast a recognition that is rare in
the history of the naval school and its
annual inspection. The appointment of a
California!) as one of the ten inspectors
cf this institution may be taken as a natu
ral recognition of the new importance
which the Pacific region is to cut in the
naval affairs of the nation.
This Hoard of Visitors is a' creature of
law In usage it is composed mainly of
members of Congress, with one or two
civilians added. Mr. Symmes is this year
one of these civilians. The board is sup
posed to thoroughly investigate the naval
academy and its affairs and to submit to
Congress a report with any recommenda
tions which it may see fit to make
Mr Svmmes is a graduate of the insti
tution and he served three years in the
navy before he retired to the more quiet
paths of commerce. He was a member of
the first class appointed with a view to
creating naval engineers. He organized
the Pacific Coast branch of the Naval
Graduates' Association in 1880, and has
THE VETERAN FIREMEN.
The Veteran Firemen's Association met
last night in the hall of the Exempt Fire
Company, Brenham place. Assistant
Chief George W. Kennard. retired, offi
ciated as president and W. G. Cue as secre
tary Chief D. T. Sullivan, was unani
mously elected an honorary member or
th Thf following were admitted to member
shirr Jonathan Dayton Wilson of engne
5 ex-Senator William H. Williams, engine
10 1879; William T. Tracy, engine 4 1878
Philip W. Brady, engine- 10 1875: Edward
C O P Neill, engine 3, 1867; Edward Lani
ganT truck 1. 1875; John J. Murphy.
ci A "ommittee on picnic was appointed,
consisting of Captain S. McDowell . 1. R
Carew First Vice President Richard cox
and James Devera. foreman of engine _'0.
Mass Meeting of Carpenters.
A mass-meeting of unorganized carpen-
FRANK J, SYMMES.
been president of the University Club and
the Unitarian Club, vice president of the
■M> nt Association, director of the
Merchants' Association and was a member
of the Board of Education. The Califor
nia delegation united in recommending
him for the appointment.
ters was held in Scottish Hall last night
under the auspices of the Carpenters' Dis
trict Council. All local unions are now
•working under a special dispensation,
■which permits them to take in new mem
bers at an initiation fee of ?l instead of
$6, as heretofore. The object of last
nipht's meeting was to explain this to all
non-union men as an inducement to join.
Speci ■: nade by P. H. McCarthy.
E. L. Malsbary and others. At the close
of the meeting a number of applications
for membership were received.
THE BRUTUS IN PORT.
The United States collier Brutus reached
port last night from Manila via Guam and
Honolulu. She anchored in the stream
and proceed in a few days to Mare
Island to be overhauled.
The Sahara desert is three times as
large as the Mediterranean.
34
REARS AN ACADEMY IN
MEMORY OF HER CHILD
NOTRE DAME ACADEMY AT WATSONVILLE.
WATSONVILLE, March 7.— A
large concourse of people from
all parts of the surrounding
country assembled to-day to
witness the laying of the cor
nerstone of the Moreland Notre Dame
Academy. The building will be erected
through the generosity and munificence
of Mrs. Margaret S. Moreland in re
membrance of a daughter - ho died in
the flower of her youth. It is the wish
of the benefactress to bestow upon
girls the blessing of a religious educa
tion. Mrs. Moreland's generosity has
been bestowed without ostentation. Of
a modest and retiring disposition, she
Is of those who "do good by stealth and
blush to call it fame."
Previous to the laying of the corner-
Etone a dinner was served at the Man
sion House upon the arrival of the 1
o'clock train from Pan Francisco.
Plates were laid for 110 guests. Among
the visitors were: Right Rev. Bishop
Montgomery of .Los Angeles, J. Purcell
of the Hibernla Bank of San Fran
cisco, Father Riordan of Menlo Park.
Fathers Murphy and McNamee of
Stti.ta. Cruz, Fathers Farley and- Smith
of Hollister, Father Hudson of Gilroy,
Father Culllgan of Santa Clara Col
lege, Father Mestre of Monterey,
Father Mahoney of Castroville. Father
Ferrar of Gonzales, Hon. J. W. Linn
cott and Hon. Ed Martin of Santa
Cruz.
After the dinnner a large congrega
ton filled the Catholic church and lis
tened to an address by Bishop Mont
gomery. The prelate was at hfs best
and delivered an eloquent discourse on
the necessity of religious principles be
ing Instilled into the minds and hearts
of every one. He especially spoke of
deep religious sentiments being neces
sary in public life. Without these re
straints, he paid, the republic was al
ways in danger. The Bishop spoke
plainly of the combinations and trusts
now being formed all over the land,
forcing the poor people to the wall.
They were seemingly above the law, he
said, and it was very necessary that
some restraining power be brought to
bear upon these oppressors of the lowly.
The Bishop said that In this republic
secular schools were a necessity and
the Catholic church was not opposed
to them, but he claimed the right and
privilege of the Catholic church to build
it« own schools with its own money for
the purposes of religious education.
Thf Bishop's address throughout was
broad and patriotic. He concluded with
a feeling tribute to Mrs. Moreland, the
founder of the structure for which the
cornerstone was to be placed, and
hoped the academy would be a blessir.g
to the people of Watsonville and v£ the
State at all times.
WATERS OF THE
OHIO SUBSIDING
End of the Big Flood in
Sight.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
CINCINNATI, March 7— The end of
the big Hood here is In sight, thanks to
the cold weather prevailing throughout
th" Ohio Valley. At 9 o'clock to-night
the stage here was 56 f>et 8 inches and
rising at the rate of an inch and a
quarter hourly. At all points above
Marietta to-night the river is falling
and it is thought the flood hero will not
go above 57V2 feet.
At Portsmouth the Cincinnati, Ports
mouth and Virginia Railway trains
have been stopped by the floods on the
track and washouts. The suffering by
people driven from their homes In that
city continues.
Huntington, W. Va., reports great
suffering on the Guan River by people
living in the lowlands, who- were driven
from their homes. A steamboat laden
with provisions left Huntiugton for the
relief of these people to-day. Central
City, a small place above Huntington,
is a great sufferer from the flood.
At Newport, Ky., opposite here, fifty
families have been driven from th^ir
homes and have taken refuge in public
buildings or with their friends, and
should the river rise to 57% feet twenty
five more families will be driven out of
their homes. No business houses In
Newport have been affected. In Cin
cinnati all business houses affected by
the flooding of cellars have been amply
protected from any probabe future dan
ger. Dwellings, except the k>w tene
ments in Rat Row and Sausage Row,
have not bepn touched.
Th°re is practically no interruption to
traffic of any sort in Cincinnati. No
trains, however, can now enter the
Grand Central Depot*
th:; iope is well.
ROME. March 7.— The fallowing bulle
tin was Issued this evening:
"The condition of the Pope continues
satisfactory. His functions are normal.
As the august patient must be considered
cured as regards the operation, no further
bulletins will be published."
The laying of the stone was impres
sive. A procession was formed at the
church, being led by the altar boys, i
who carried the holy water and tapers. '
They were followed by the Bishop and
visiting and local clergy. The cere
mony of blessing the building was con
ducted, after which the stone was put j
into position by the Bishop and blessed,
together with the building.
The cornerstone contains the follow
ing: Catalogue o£ Notre Dame, San ;
Jose; copies of the town and country
■'■, Sai: Francisco Call, Chronicle,;
Examiner and Bulletin, with the names :
of their respective local agents; con- j
tractor's card — H. J. Wood: architect's
card — W. H. Weeks; photograph of
Miss Jopie Moreland as a child; medals !
and relics from the Convent of Notre :
Dame, San Jose; events relative to the*
date of the Moreland Notre Dame .
Academy; photograph of Rev. Mother
Annie de Jesus, seventh superior gen
eral of Sisters of Notre Dame; memoirs |
of Sister Julia Belliart; memoirs of Sis
ter Mary Cornelia; book of poems by
Josie Moreland; press account relative j
to the death of Miss Josie Moreland; ;
names of officials of the United States,
State, county and city; names of !
bishops, popes and priests of diocese; :
name of parish; coins of the realm.
Mrs. Moreland, the donor. Is the j
widow of the late Samuel Moreland. i
She was born in Ennis, County Clare,
Ireland, In April, 1829, and arrived In j
California in April, 1562. She was mar- i
ried in Watsonville in 1860 to Samuel |
Moreland. Three children were born to
them, two dying In Infancy.
Miss Josie, the second child, in whose j
memory the convent Is built, died in j
her nineteenth year. She was born and |
reared in this valley, attending the local !
school until her sixteenth year and then ;
attending Notre Dame Convent in San !
Jose. She would have graduated the j
year she died. She was an estimable ;
young lady, gifted in literature and be- i
loved by all who knew her.
The academy is to be 106 feet long
and 75 feet wide, three stories high, !
with an attic In addition. The base
ment will contain two play rooms and
the furnace and flreroom; n community
room for the sisters, a dining-room for
the sisters, two dining-rooms for the I
pupils and the kitchen, laundry and
| culinary.
On the first floor there will be two
class rooms for pupils, a large school
hall and cloak rooms, superior's room,
parlor and art room, two infirmaries, !
i chapel and community hall.
The second floor will contain a large
music room divided Into glass apart
ments for pupils; three large class
rooms, arranged so that they may be
i thrown open into one large assembly
room; cloak rooms, sewing rooms and
the apartments for the sisters.
The attic will contain the apartments
for the pupils.
The structure Is to be cruciform in
| shape. The main entrance will be
DYNAMITE AT THE
TOULON ARSENAL
Special cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
■ PARIS. March 7.— The Figaro's Toulon correspondent wires: Big B
X news was circulated here this evening. I send it at once because it Is- £■
X confirmed by much testimony. It is said that during the day twelve X*
© dynamite cartridges were found placed behind the Cite Montely against Q
'+ the wall of the land arsenal, which contains large supplies of ammunl- ♦
X tion. It is said the cartridges were at once drowned by artillery offl- O
Q cers. An investigation has been commenced. At 10 o'clock this even- "*"
-f ing, the Prefect of War went to the Grand Hotel to Inform the Minister $
O of Marine of the discovery. * X
♦ v
■ ♦©♦<) ♦ O-fO ♦O ♦ O+O ♦ ©♦<>♦ O+O ♦ O -»~o+O ♦ O-f O ♦ OK) ♦ O^O> O f O^-O-f ■
TERRIBLE STORM
IS NOW RAGING
Extends From Hatteras
to Norfolk.
Bpeci«.l Dispatch to The Call.
NORFOLK, Va., March 7.— From
Hatteras to Norfolk a terrible storm Is
raging, exceeding In intensity that of
February 13. The wind Is blowing at
the rate of forty miles an hour, accom
panied by snow and cold. A big vessel,
whose name cannot be ascertained, has
gone ashore at Culls Island near Hat
teras. The life savers are on the scene,
but they fear the storm will prevent
them from rendering any assistance.
The cruiser Brookly. now on her way
to Hampton Roads from Havana to
take on Admiral Schley for Plymouth,
■England, Is thought to be somewhere
off the coast In the storm. She was due
in the roads this morning, but has not
i yet been' reported.
The storm came up unexpectedly
and fears are expressed that many ves
sels have been caught off the Vlrslnia
i and North Carolina coast and may be
lln danger. The monitor Amphitrlte
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1899.
'MRS. MARGARET S. MORELAND. J
through a large portico and a wide cen
tral hall, with the chapel In the rear.
The main hall intersects with a large
community hall, running 1 longitudinal
ly with the building and separating the
two apartments of the university — that
is, the school and tho sisters' quarters.
The art and music rooms on the sec
ond floor are in the front of the build
ing and open upon a veranda.
The sanitary arrangement will be as
' perfect as it can he possibly made. The
'. heating and ventilating are of the Mor
gan system, which provides for the ln
: troduction of fresh air through a sep
; arate flue to each room. The tempera
! ture may be regulated to any degree
and the foul air is carried out through
1 separate ducts to the foul air room in
the basement and then up a shaft
: reaching above the roof.
The exterior of the building is one of
! the design knotvn as the classic renais
, sance, the principal feature being a
large central tower. The building is to
'be of frame and staff. It is designed
'< by W. H. Weeks of thia city. The whole
| will be finished in Oregon pine, selected
and finished in the natural wood.
Is anchored In the harbor, tugeing at
her cables and the ways washing her
low decks but it is not thought she
wjll go adrift.
There is a large fleet of schooners in
Hampton Roads which cannot put to
sea. Many roprular liners due this
morning have not been reported
CAPE MAY. N. J.. March 7.-The
snowstorm which began before day
light this morning continues. The snow
is about five inches deep along the coast
The wind has been from the northeast
and is increasing to-night. -
HONDURAS WILL BE
WADE TO PAY INDEMNITY
NEW YORK, March 7. -A Washington
special to the Herald nays: As a result
of a report made by Commander Logan,
commanding the gunboat Machlas of his
investigation of the murder of ' Frank
Pears, agent of the Pittsbtirg Lumber
Company, at San Juan del Sur, Hondu
| raS the Government of Honduras will
I probably be compelled to punish the mur
derer and pay an indemnity to the rela
tives of the dead man. Before taking
action the State Department will uwait
the report of Consul Allen, who also made
an investigation.
The report of Commander Logan shows
that on February 2 Mr. Pears, who had
been In Honduras three weeks, left his
office to go to his horn* 1 , a short distance
away. The city was thon under martial
law. According to the testimony of Hon
duran soldiers, a sentry hailed Mr. Pears
three times, and then, in accordance with
instructions requiring him to shoot any
body who came within fifty yards and
failed to halt, shot him. The soldier
was court-martialed, but acquitted of the
i charges against him. He immediately
' went Into the Interior. Commander Lo
Paine's Celery Compound the Best Spring
Medicine in the World.
i
Sprin* *na, evened, more or le.,s ■•run-down." ,e,s a Mb. or .an or; there >, d>m,n,,hed appetite. a ,urhea S ,eep -.
.. Sprt n Mm to not an empty phrase. It „ not a pers.mon or a buoyancy „ B p,r,t ana to- a 1 to exerc,.; some peop c are so nd,,-
worn-out ,ayin . but a .tr,ct, sclents act P— <„.. they have to keep  the house and numbers take to he,r bed,.
Prudent peop.e a,, over the country appreCate the fact that ■„ the E pr!n The ,rr,tab ,tv o< temper, the peev.shne,, drowse,* and unease,,
,h, he.,,h „ more under every one's contro. than at any other time, and. .hat comes In sprin* show, that the nerve, and brain „. the aw ,u t -
.. ferers.
" 8l a C r k e°lkTng"advanta,e of the marvelous invigorating power of Nervousness, that so often appears at this season, inserts the th, edge
Paine celery compound. On every hand there are sarsaparillas. nervines of the wedge that opens the way for a long list of maladies. If you are over-
and tonics, but they do not touch the edge of the real trouble-nervous de- worked, haggard from sleepless nights, nervous and unhappy, do not give
and tonics, but tney depression before you have tried Paine's celery compound.
blH When such remedies have been tried and proved valueless. Paine's eel- It Is the one fair test of this wonderful remedy-to try it.
cry compound has surprised and delighted by its wonderful lasting results. Now spring has come, the tired feelings and "out of sorts" condition are
Nature the kindest and gentlest of nurses, Is disposed, during these to warn one that the blood Is Impure and the nerve* "run-down,
spring days to put the blood and nerve, in a healthy condition and no rem- celery compound assists nature at this critical time. It supplies a scientific
edy so ably 'seconds her effort as Paine's celery compound. nerve food. Taken now. It will enable the body to throw off headaches.
This best of all spring remedies is making people well and insuring others rheumatism and ailments akin to nervousness. It will sweep out every Im-
miritv from the blood, and will nourish the nerves and brain. It is the most
against future break-downs. ■ . puruj irom
As soon as spring sets in-lt is now the season-everybody has more or effective, accurate spring remedy ever formulated.
GROSS FRAUDS
IN THE INTEREST
OF HERRINGTON
Santa Clara County Ballots
Tampered With During a
Recount.
SAN JOSE. March 7.— There was a
sensational turn to the Herrington-
CampbeM contest over the District At
torneyghlp to-day when Judge Hyland
announced he had discovered signs of
fraud perpetrated during the recount.
Not only this, but the guilty persons
had left their identification in the shape
of thumb marks and a dermatologist of
the Pudd'nhead Wilson type would
have no trouble In Identifying them.
All the ballots tampered with were in
favor of ex-District Attorney B. A.
Herrington, the contestant. On these
a cross different from those used on
election day had been employed, and
this Is what led to the discovery of this
most palpable fraud. In all probability
the stamp had been glued to some one's
thumb and inked with a pad in the
pocket.
Word was Bent to the attdrneyß on
both sides to be present In court this
morning, and It was supposed Judge
Hyland was ready to hand down a de
cision in the contest. Instead he an
nounced the discovery of fraud and
announced the reopening of the case to
allow the contestant's side a chance to
clear Itself of suspicion. The court
room was crowded and the announce
ment came as a thunderclap from a
clear sky.
Judge Hyland said he deemed it ad
visable to call the attorneys together
to make a few suggestions to them and
also to aid him In detecting the guilty
persons. In the election contests for
Sheriff's office. City Justice and County
Treasurer everything had gone along
smoothly. In the Herrington-Camp
bell contest it was different. attorneys
had flocked about Herrington to the
number of seven while Campbell and
only two others had looked after his
interests. Ballots were first passed to
attorneys for contestant to be exam
fned and each of these *^™ ***
handled the ballots. On February 6 the
Judge had been compelled to limit the
number of attorneys on both side* to
three. This left Attorneys Ho*ell
Moore F. C. Jacobs and B. A. Her
rington for contestant. hen the bal
lots were all counted the contestant
rested. Campbell then objected to the
Ninth Precinct being counted because
of irregularities. He also offered testi
mony to impeach six ballots . from , i
land Precinct. On four of these ballots
there were crosses which it was alleged
SETTLEMENT OF THE
FASHODA INCIDENT
Great Britain .Admits
France Is Entitled to
ISTile O-U-tlet.
■ PARIS March 7 —The following semi-official note was issued thta g
♦ evenine- "A satisfactory settlement between France and Great Britain +
O of the questions arising out of the Fashoda incident may be expected £
X within a fortnight. The delimitation of the respective territories has q
£ so far advanced that the starting Dolnts and general direction of the +
O frontier have already been arranged, and Great Britain has admitted O
± that France was entitled to a commercial outlet on the Nile." ♦
gan found that Mr. Pears was not within
fifty yards of the sentry when he was
"hot and all the testimony he obtained
snowed that the shooting was unneces
sary. _^_
WITH HERSCHELL'S BODY.
The British Cruiser Talbot Will Make
the Best Possible Time Home.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The body of
had not been put there by the voters.
Attorney G. W. Cobb and two other
lawyers testified they were not there
when the ballots were counted in other
contests. A cross that had appeared
since the other recount waa different
from any used on the rest of the bal
lots In Vlneland. The plaintiff made no
attempt to deny or rebutt this testl-
mony.
Judge Hyland said that since the case
was submitted to him he had exam
ined the ballots of nearly all the pre
cincts In the county. He had discov
ered another ballot with this peculiar
cross. ■ Instead of eleven blank ballots
as In the first contest, there were now
only nine, and Herrington had gained
i two votes. In a number of other pre
cincts counted up to February 5 he had
found this peculiar cross, and it was
always used in favor of Herrington or
to invalidate Campbell ballots. On bal
lots of those precincts counted since
February 6 he found other marks that
invited suspicion. It was a different
cross which, each time it was used,
showed the end or side of the thumb of
its user. This latter cross was not used
until after the counting of Vineland,
The law was then cited. The court
called on Attorney Moore, counsel for
Horrington, and psked what steps he
desired to take for an Investigation.
This question was dodged and Moore
j nsked Hyland to decide on the admts
slbllity of tFie Ninth Precinct.
Judge Hyland responded that he re
opened the case for investigation. The
question was. Had ballots been tam
pered with and who was guilty? Other
matters were of minor importance com
pared with the perpetration of fraud
in open court. The Introduction of bal-
I lots was the same as other testimony,
J and, when impeached, was of no value.
Attorney Moore was given till to»
morrow morning to decide whether he
wanted an investigation or not.
J. H. Campbell, who was given the
certificate of election on a majority of
39 will undoubtedly get the decision.
After a strict watch in other contests
hi 1 -- friends claimed he gained over 100
In the city. In the contest brought by
Herrington he lost from the beglnntng.
however and at the close Harrington
was three ahead. Now this discovery
of fraud will throw out some of the pre.
rincts and makp Campbell a winner.
It is not believed the Herrington
forces will want an Investigation.
Judge Hyland's words were plain and
I there is no mistaking that he declared
■ fraud was committed. It is thought
the Grand Jury will be asked to look
Into the matter. The contest will un
doubtedly go to the Supreme Court.
Lord Herschell, accompanied by C. W.
Cartwrlght, secretary to the Canadian
Commission, and H. Williamson private
secretary, arrived in Jersey City .this
morning at about 7 o'clock from Wash
ington. The British cruiser Talbot, or
dered here from Bermuda to carry the
body home, was anchored off Bedloe
Island, prepared to receive it. Captain
Gamble, In command of the Talbot, said
the cruiser would sail as soon as possible
and make the best possible time home.
WHY THE KAISER
SENT CONDOLENCE
Making Capital of Kip
ling's Bereavement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, March 7.— Emperor Wil
liam's messagre of sympathy to Mrs.
Rudyard Kipling, occasioned by her
husband's serious Illness, is commented
upon by the press here to-day. The
Vosslehe Zeitung says:
"This- new manifestation of the Em
peror's, and the recent one by German
Ministers, form a pleasant contrast to
the erroneous statements that Germany
Is about to declare a tariff war on the
United States. The German nation, on
the contrary. Is strongly desirous of
living in peace with America, economi
cally as well; but hopes for full reci
procity and that the legitimate inter
ests of Germany will be considered."
These remarks and Emperor "Wil
liam's action are apparently based on
the theory of his Majesty that Rudyard
Kipling's residence is in the United
States; that the fact that his wife is
an American and his sympathy for this
country make him an American in
spirit, if not by birth, as the distin
guished author was born In Bombay
December 30, IS6O.
The Post says: "The great cordiality
with which our monarch honors Mr.
Kipling ought to be calculated to re
mind Americans,- after a period of arti
ficial estrangement which we trust is
past, that they will nowhere find read
ier and more joyful recognition of the
brilliant features of their character
than from their cousins here and firstly
from our imperial leader."
NEW YORK, March 7.— Mr. Double
day to-night reported both Rudyard
Kipling and his little daughter Elsie
to be slowly but surely convalescing.
Mr. Kipling has not yet been informed
of the death of Josephine and he will
not be told about it until he is prac
tically well. She was his favorite and
the physicians dread the possibility of
a relapse should he learn of her death.
Some of the more important cablegrams
and messages are daily read to Mr.
Kipling, and occasionally he is allowed
to read them himself. Every message
is carefully censored, however, to pre
vent the father reading even an allu
sion to his loss. Great quantities of
flowers continue to be sent to the Gre
noble Hotel by friends of the Kiplings.
At 10 o'clock to-night Mr. Double
day said Mr. Kipling had done splen
didly during the day and had made
more progress toward recovery than on
any preceding day.
Mr. Doubleday, In deference to the
wishes of Mrs. Kipling, refused to give
any information regarding the ar
rangements for the funeral of Jospph
ine Kipling. The child, Mrs. Kipling
says, in no sense belonged to the pub
lic, and she wishes to avoid havine the
funeral take on the character of a
spectacle.
Rudyard Kiplinfr. it is reported, will
be elevated to the peerage on January
1. 1900. Dr. Neal McPhatter of Edin
burgh. Scotland, who is staying at the
Windsor Hotel, says he has received
the news from Sir Walter Besant. He
adds that the report is common gossip
in the literary circles of London.
Mrs. Kipling, accompanied by her
sister, Mrs. Dr. Dunham, and Dr. Con
land of Brattleboro, Vt.. early to-day
left the hotel where the author lies.
Shortly after 2 o'clock they returned
with fio- ers in their hands. It was
presumed that they had been to the
funeral of Mr. Kipling's daughter
Josephine.
TROUBLES IN NICARAGUA.
Rumors That Cause the Return of the
Detroit to Blueflelds.
COLON, Colombia. March T. - The
United States gunboat Marietta arrived
here from Blueflelde late yesterday, bring
ing news that all waa quiet there up to
four days ago. There were rumors of fur
ther troubles in the interior. The United
States cruiser Detroit has just received
orders to return to Blueftelds forthwith.
She will leave to-day, although she has
not finished coallnp.
News just received from Bocas del Toro
confirms the reported arrival there of
General Reyes, the head of the recently
collapsed revolution at Blueflelds The
general reached there on March 4 on
board the schooner Buena Ventura
WASHINGTON. March 7. - The De-
Eartment of State has been cabled by Mr
orsby, our Consul at San Juan del None'
as follows:
"Captain Symonds of the Marietta ar
rived from Blueflelds reports Reyes left
March 1 for Colombia; revolution ended
order prevails in Blueflelds. All for
eigners in Bluefields engaged in revolution
previously entitled to protection of con
sulates left with passports March 2 for
New Orleans. Blueflelda commerce unin
terrupted."
The department has been informed by
Mr. Clancy at Bluefields that the Gov
ernment troops took peaceful possession
of Roma yesterday, ending the revolution.
PRINCESS CHIMAY
WILL WED THE GYPSY
NEW YORK, March 7. — A special ca
ble to the Journal from London says:
It Is announced from Vienna that the
wife of Rigo, the gypsy musician, who
eloped with the Princess Chimay, has
been granted a decree of divorce.
Rigo and the ex-princess are now in
Cairo, appearing in a grand cafe
chantant. The Journal telegraphed
her to-day, asking whether, Rigo now
being free, she would marry him. The
following answer was received: "Yes,
I will, to legitimatize our child."
For a Countervailing Duty.
CALCUTTA, March 7.— The Government
has decided to introduce into the Legisla
tive Council Friday a measure modeled
on the United States act of July. 1897. giv
ing the Government power to impose a
countervailing duty on bounty-fed .sugar
imported into India.
CONSUMPTION
In Its Incipient stage may be cured. This
fact has been established. It has been
proved beyond a doubt by thousands of
persons who have used the great blood,
nerve and tissue builder, HUDYAN.
HUDYAN has drawn thousands away
from the clutches of the dread disease.
There is no denying the fact. Many peo-
ple have been restored to perfect health
by HUDYAN after their cases were pro-
nounced hopeless by the best physicians.
You can be cured If you will. Do not de-
lay. Remember that delays are danger-
ous They are especially so in cases of
" u> 3 incipient consump-
/^TT\ tion. Look atthesa
if \l symptoms. Study
WZ* el them carefully.
a■* *"W Are they yours?
VOvQ/ Then you must be
\ -a- I careful. You are
IV I within the grasp
lis I of consumption.
I — »^y & V. HUDYAN will re-
— lease you. Take
A © \ HUDYAN now.
\ v \ 1. FLUSHING*
\ / x OF THE CHEEKS
X-n, © / IN THE AFTER-
\ ->JB* / NOON AND BVE-
\ /\ NlNO— the hectio
\ \ flush — the. first
I symptom of con-
\ eumption. HUD-
I VAN will cause it
•VI -* to disappear.
/ HUDYAN will es-
tablish a perfect
circulation of the blood amd cause the
cheeks to assume a normal rosy color.
I TICKLING IN THE THROAT AND
COUGH. At first the cough Is a slight
hack— that is the first indication. HUD-
FAN will stop the tickling and the cough.
HUDYAN will relieve It In a few day*.
8. A BLIGHT PAIN IN ONE OR BOTH
LUNGS, usually near the tops. This Is
an indioation that the consumptive germ
has invaded the lung tissue. HUDYAN
will eradicate the germ. HUDYAN will
restore the lung tissue to a healthy con-
dition and prevent further destruction.
4. WEAKNESS AROUND THE HEART
The heart is becoming weak. HUDYAN
will strengthen it and cause the weakness
to disappear.
You have the symptoms. Be wise. Take
HUDYAN before It is too late. Do not al-
low your case to go on to the Incurable
stage. If you do there will b« no help for
you. HUDYAN should be used at once.
It will make the lung tissue strong and
the germs of the disease will be rapidly
drawn from the system. Then you will
regain your health and strength. HI AN
can be obtained of all druggists for BOc
per package or 6 packages for 12 50. I"
your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
COMPANY, San Francisco or Los An-
geles, Cal. A staff of physicians and sur-
geons may be consulted free if you will
call. You may call or write as you de-
sire. Consultation is free. Advice Is free.
Address,
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway.
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Si*,
ban Francisco, Cat.
ffvo ore 0000000 coinraa
S w PALACE W 3
GRAND »93Mk**
£ BAH fHA.tCtBCO. q
if Connected by a covered p*ua««way. _
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaohod. *
p All Under One Manacsuaat. M
Q NOTE THB PRI0S8: O
•. European Plan. (l.oo per day aad ttptrsjrd m
y Aaa*rl<*a P1an. 90.00 par day and upward
ft Correspondence Solicited. Q
P JOSS 0. sias?A I ?3ICK. Ma*»g*r. q
0.0 0.0 0 QQ OOOOQ OOP O g
Use f m Use
Woodbury's j»"* ,5 Woodbnry's
Facial Soap, l^k 7 Facial Cream.
. . Blood diseases, skin diseases, scalp disease*
and nervous affections, no matter from Wiat
cause or how long standing, successfully
treated without the use of poisonous dru«» "
JOHN H. WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d St.. Ne*
York, and 163 State at., Chicago.ALFRED FULLER'S HEIRS CLAIM
A WOMAN FORGED HIS WILL
OROVILLE. March ".—A sensa- ]
ti^na! v 111 contest. Involving j
al well-known people of
Chlco, is about to begin in the ]
Superior Court of Butte County.
Alfred Fuller, a. well- '
known citizen «.f <'hioo, deceased, will
file a petition to estop the probate of
an alleged holographic will by which i
the testator bequeathed all but $1/1 no of
hi? estate to Mrs. Minnie Houseworth,
as in no way related to him. The
will allege that the will, which
was filed for probate on October 19. J
• en months after the death
Fuller, is a forgery. As the
witnesses to this document are men of
prominence this contest, involving as
s their reputations for truth and j
rity, excites more than ordinary
tifSi ttfNNfP HtWiPWOeTW •
interest.
Dr. J. Ellis Rodley, a prominent phy
sician and Mayor of Chico, and J. M.
Garner, a well-known farmer, are the
witnesses. They swear that the de
ceased on the 3d of August, 1897, came
to the office of Dr. Rodley -with a docu
ment which he said was his will and
that at his request they attached their
signatures thereto as witnesses. The
paper was dated June 9, 1597, and Dr.
Rodley added a superscription reciting:
the incident and the request of August
3. after which he and Garner affixed
their signatures.
Before signing the will Dr. Rodley
advised Fuller to go to an attorney and
have his will properly drawn. Fuller
refused to adopt the suggestion, saying
that "a Fuller never had his will drawn
but what he died a very short time
afterward." The testator requested the
witnesses to keep the fact of his having
mad» a will a secret.
This incident in itself was not at all
strange, but in the light of subsequent
developments the Fuller heirs are in-
P" led to look upon it with suspicion,
They do not accuse either Dr. Rodley i
or Mr. Garner of conspiracy, but they
cannot understand why the will was i
not found for a year after the de- i
cedent's death. Then the strange man
ner in which the document was found
and a sensational charge against the
man who delivered it to the devisee
add to the mystery.
. Soon after Mr. Fuller's death a vigor
ous search was made for a will. Mrs.
Houseworth was most anxious to find
it. as according to her testimony before
the probate Judge Fuller had told her
he had made a will giving all his prop
erty to her. She claimed Fuller was in
love with her for many years and only
the interference of his brother prevent
ed their marriage.
The Fuller heirs have engaged Knight
& Hesrgerty of San Francisco to con
duct their contest and Mrs. House
worth is represented by Joseph D.
Sproul. Theodore A. Kytka, the San
Francisco handwriting expert, has been
DYEA BUILDINGS
HAZED BY FLAMES
Conflagration Visits the
Alaskan Port.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 7.— Dyea had its
first big fire on the evening of March
1, resulting- in the razing of five build
ings and contents and a loss of over
$12,000, with no insurance.
The fire started in the Palace Hotel,
in the extreme southern end of the
town. It originated in the room of the
proprietor's wife, Mrs. McCue, while all
were at dinner. When discovered the
flames had made such headway that
they were beyond control and soon the
entire building was ablaze.
Dyea has no fire apparatus and is de
pendent solely on a bucket brigade.
This was quickly formed, 200 men
standing in a double line to the river
close by. Efforts were made to save
adjoining buildings and a building on
the opposite side of the street. The
fire-fighters failed on the first, but suc
ceeded on the last.
The Northern Hotel, adjoining the
Palace, was soon ablaze and was tot
ally destroyed, and the Chilcoot stable
of the Chilcoot Tramway, adjoining
the Northern to the south, also was de
stroyed. This stable was full of
horses, but these and all the wagons
were saved, and the bare stable and a
small quantity of feed were destroyed.
North of the Palace Hotel, where the
fire originated, the Senate saloon and
the Courthouse fell victims to the
flames. Several buildings on the oppo
site side of the street caught fire, but
were saved, In one hour's time" the
fire had burned itself out. Very little
furniture was saved from any of the
buildings destroyed. _
The glare of the fire in Dyea was
plainly visible In Skaguay. across the
mountains.
SAN FRANCISCO MAY
GET THE BIG FIGHT
Manager Brady Accepts the $30,000
Bid of a California
Syndicate.
NEW YORK. Man h 7.— Dan Holland,
who has been commissioned to accept bids
for the FitZPimmnns-Jeffries tig.'it. s.iid
to-day that William A. Brady, rnanajr-r
of J-ffries. had accepted the highest bid
bo far received, that of $30,000. offered by
a Byn< San Francisco. Neither
Fltzsimmons nor Julian had been heard
from vet. Holland has telegraphed the
champion and his manager at Chicago,
notifying them of Brady's acceptance.
- employed to expert the alleged forg.-ri
! document. The sum involved is in the
i neighborhood of $40,000, which will be |
! increased if any portion of the estate
of Emellion Fuller, who died before his
i brother Alfred, should be included in j
the estate of the latter.
What Fuller did with his will after !
. having made it or to whom he entrust- j
:ed it is still a mystery. About a year :
' after his death, after all search had
1 been fruitless, the document was sf>nt
;by mail to H. Cormack, a reputable ;
1 citizen of Butte County, who had been
one of Fuller's close friends. Mrs.
' Houseworth, the beneficiary, obtained
; the paper and offered it for probate. \
: During the preliminary probate pro- '
: ceedings she swore that Cormack had,
without legal right, retained the will in !
his possession, and surrendered it only
on a promise that he would receive
$2000. This charge created a big sen- !
i sation here and in Chico. Cormack de
nied the charge and said he had noth
ing to do with the paper further than
to receive it and deliver it immediately
to Mrs. Houseworth. The beneficiary
i under the alleged will denied that un- i
I due influence had impelled Fuller to be- j
queath to her his property and declared '
that the only consideration was the
: love he bore her; that they had been
well acquainted for a number of years
and that the testator did not wish his
relatives to benefit by his thrift and j
frugality.
The story of the will as told In Chico !
is as follows:
Alfred Fuller was a very old man at !
the time of his sudden death in Sep-
t ember. 1897. He was known as a
shrewd, suspicions and careful old i
farmer-miner, sordid to a miserly de- j
i gree and a pronounced woman-hater. !
He never said a kind word for the op- j
i posite sex and when it was announced
! that he had executed a holographic
will, bequeathing all his property to a
woman, his acquaintances were greatly j
, surprised and those who knew him best
1 shook their heads wisely and declared
i'.cument should be treated with !
'< suspicion. The old bachelor's antipathy :
1 to women was attributed to a disap- I
pointment in love when he was a young j
; fellow back in the States.
On his arrival in Northern California.
in 1552, Fuller went into the mines and
JEREMIAH LYNCH
A KLONDIKE KING
Accumulates a Fortune
at Dawson.
Special IMspafh to The Call.
REDDING, March 7. — Jeremiah I
Lynch, globe-trotter. Bohemian and
pamphleteer, is accumulating another ;
fortune. When he left San Francisco •
less than a year ago he turned his Mar
ket-street realty int" cash and resolved
to stake it all in the Klondike. His
Hale & Xorcrops experience may have
warned him to steer clear of mines, but j
anyhow the moment he struck Dawson
City he commenced a BeViea of trading
operations that have won for him the
reputation of being the shrewdest and'
nerviest trader in the Klondike metrop- '
olis. His accumulations for not quite I
a twelvemonth are placed at $150,000.
In letters to relatives in Shasta j
County the one-time protege of "Jim" |
Keene writes that he has been success- j
ful beyond his expectations. He is
making money as rapidly as he made j
it on Pine street in its palmy days. His ■,
astonishing success in Dawson is well
illustrated by a deal that he made
shortly after his arrival, which netted !
him $20,000. He bought 5000 sacks of
flour and within twenty-four hours
turned it over and doubled his money.
Storage rnsts money in Dawson.
Another deal equally as fortunate and
still miTP lucrative was the purchase
and sale of 8000 gallons of whisky. He j
is successfully dabbling in mines, but 1
his main operations are confined to |
trading in the Dawson market.
When James R. Keene left Shasta
County in early days, drifted into San j
Francisco and became a multi-million- :
aire. Jeremiah Lynch, then a young I
fellow in the town of Shasta, followed j
his friend to the < ity and became his
apt pupil as an operator in the share
market. That was the last that Shasta
County saw of Lynch save at rare in
tervals when he came on a visit to rela
tives in his old home.
Bridge Contract Canceled.
SANTA (RIZ. March 7.— The Aptos
bridge scandal, which has already re
sulted in the indictment of F. D. Elwell
of the McMahon Bridge Company by a
Grand Jury for the alleged altering of
the terms of a contract, was again taken
up by the county Supervisors to-day. The
board passed a resolution declaring that
lnasmu'h as the contract was altered "at
the Instigation of and wffh the consent
of a party entitled to pome benefit un
der said contract, to wit: James A. Mc-
Mahon." the contract for the bridge be
canceled. The County Clerk was ordered
to notify McMahon of this action-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1899.
was fairiy successful, returning to
Chico with several thousand dollars.
This sum he immediately invested in
various enterprises and in a few years
his fortune amounted to over $30,000.
After the death of his brother. Emel
lion Fuller, some years ago, Alfred was
appointed executor and administrator
of his estate, which amounted to up
ward of $75,000. The management of
this sum, together with his own prop
erty, was a task which greatly wn r ri>d
the old man, and as years went by he
became suspicious of every person who
acted in a friendly manner toward him.
He believed every one was after his
money. His heart became bitter
against all his relatives, and he was
especially chary in his relations with
women. He often expressed a fear that
some one would attempt to get his
wealth from him before he died and felt
sure that after his death his estate
would be the prey of some person <>r
persons who had no claim to it. He
took a morbid interest in the details of
the Rlvthe. Sharon and Fair litigations
and seeme ". to think similar attempts
to steal his estate would be made.
He died quite unexpectedly in the fall
of 1^97 and no will of any kind was
found among his papers. His estate
and also that of his brother went into
the hands of Public Administrator E.
M. Woodman, who still has charge of
the properties. Shortly after his death
a note for $15,000 drawn in favor of Dr.
A. J. Landis of Chico was presented
against Alfred Fuller's estate. It was
alleged to have been given in consid
eration for medical services rendered
and bore no interest. The note was
payable in two years from the date it
bore. The claim was repudiated by th"
public, administrator and suit was
brought to collect and this litigation is
now pending.
Several months after Fuller's death
rumors began circulating that he had
left a will, which could not be found,
and that Dr. J. Ellis Rodley and John
Garner had witnessed the document.
These reports aroused greater interest
in the case as many of Fuller's friends
declared that he strongly disliked these
two men and never n.egle^ted an op
portunity to speak ill of them. Mikli
speculation regarding the devisee and
the terms of the alleged will was in
LIGHTNING HAS NO
TERRORS FOR HIM
| XEW YORK, March 7. — Joseph Hampel, an employe of the Lexing
fr ton avenue cable power house, while working at his switchboard, re-
ceived and survived an electric shock of about 2000 volts. The man's
? body was badly burned from head to foot, every stitch of clothing was
| torn from him and he fell senseless through a hole instantaneously
I burned in the floor by the terrific electrical power. The doctors who at
f tended him say there is no case on record of a man withstanding a
» similar shock.
The accident was caused by Hampel trying to tighten a loose screw
| on the switchboard and in some way creating a circuit. The enormous
» power of the shock may be judged from the fact that until the c\r
* cuits were readjusted all the cars of the road were brought to a stand
\ still.
I O\v\O\ O'.O 893 %O \ C\O \O%O aGBBttSSCBSHHCBS O 88 O \ O \O*.OVO\OV
PLANS FOR THREE
BIG BATTLESHIPS
Will Equal Best Class
in the World.
Special tMspatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 7.
The plans for the three big battle
ships authorized by the naval appro
priation bill just passed are being
worker! out. The general features of
the ships have been defined, subject to
the approval of the Secretary. The
battleships v.-il! by a thousand tons
larger than the Maine and Missouri
class, of a total displacement of 13,500
tons, making them by far the largest
Fhips in the American navy and about
equal in dimensions to the best type of
battleships now being constructed
.'i broad under the new practice. Though
larger than the Maine, the ships will be
laid on almost the same lines, being
r-nly a little greater in every dimension.
They will carry each four 12-inch guns
in turrets. This caliber is an Inch less
than the guns carried by the Oregon,
but by improved design they will be al
most equal in penetrative power.
The fc-inch guns of the Oregon type,
although they did very effective work
at Santiago and Manila have been
abandoned. But instead of eight 8-inch
guns the new ships will have no less
than sixteen guns of 6-inch caliber, all
rapid-firers and twenty 6-pounders.
dulged In, but neither of the witnesses
enlightened the anxious public. Dr. ;
Rodley told a half dozen people that
he had, at the deceased's request, wit
nessed hie last will and that he also
had called John Garner into his office
to act In the same capacity. The doctor
did say that the beneficiary named wan
a woman well known In Chlco, but he
did not disclose her name.
Interest In the case began to flag and
had almost died out when one day last
August H. Cormack. a well-known and
DtJ J ELLIS RoDLEV.
respected citizen of Butte County, re
ceived through the mail an envelope
postmarked Chico. In the envelope was
thf long missing will, but no letter of
explanation as to why it was sent to
him accompanied the testament. The
will was written on an old piece of
blank book paper, evidently a leaf torn
from a book. The writing and spelling
w»re very poor. Mr. Cormack, after
recovering fr^in his surprise, immedi
ately notilied Mrs. Houseworth and told
her "how it came into his possession.
Mr. Ormaok delivered the will to the
devisee and it was soon after offered
for probate before Judge John C. Gray
of Butte County.
Thfn followed another sensation. Mrs.
Houseworth, under oath, declared < '■ r
mark had illegally retained possession
of the will and demanded $2000 before
he would deliver it. In order to obtain
the precious paper she consented to pay
that sum when she. came into th" es
tate. She also swore that Cormack had
pledged her not to mention his name in
connection with the case, i.'irmacks
reputation for honesty, rectitude and
probity had never before been ques
tioned and every one who know him
was surprised and on all sides the wo
man's stury was discredited.
Under instructions from Judge Gray
the Grand Jury began an investigation
into the alleged illegal detention of
Fullers will and the alleged attempt at
extortion, but nothing has as yet come
of the inquiry.
Mr. Cormack was one of Fuller's
closest friends and the mysterious send
ing of the will to him. months after a
futile search had been made for it, is
considered by the Fuller heirs as a part
of the scheme to deprive them of th^ir
rights. The heirs allege in the contest
that this procedure was simply to add
weight to the forgery. Cormack repu
diates the whole affair and says he had
nothing to do with it further than to
receive the will in the strange manner
detailed and that he immediately de
livered it to Mrs. Houseworth.
It is further alleged by friends of
Alfred Fuller that he did not have any
high regard for Mrs. Houseworth, al-
I though she maintains that he lovod
• her and at one time would have married
i her had not Emellion Fuller interfered.
; These same people assert that the d*>
j ceased also had a afcroag antipathy f->r
; Dr. Rodley and John Garner, whose sig
j natures as witnesses are attached to
| the alleged will. Garner and Fuller are
I said to have had business troubles some
I years ago.
Dr. J. Ellis Rodley is one of the lead
! ing physicians of Chieo and is Mayor
jof the city. He <ame from Missouri
■ eleven years ago. John < lamer is a
j farmer. Mrs. Minnie Houseworth was
i formerly Mrs. West. Her first husband
died, leaving 1 her in comfortable cir
cumstances, but she has lost most of
her property. She married Houseworth
afterward, but the couple are now liv
ing apart. thf> hushand being some
where in Southern California. None of
1 Fuller's acquaintances were ever aware
: or suspected that he was devoted to
I the woman. Tt is hardly possible that
I a man of Fuller's habits and tempera
ment could have courted or shown
•marked attention to any woman with
j out It being noticed and exciting gossip.
This battery represents the ideal pro
portion between guns, taught by the
experience of our own fleet during the
Spanish war and of the Chinese and
Japanese vessels during their late war.
The speed of the ships will be IS knots,
an advance of two knots over the Ore
gon class, but just equal to that of the
n<'w Maine. For protection against the
enemy's shot the battleships will have
but one b^it of armor seven feel six
inches broad, running clear around the
water line, three feet six inches above
and four feet below. It was originally
planned to have this armor sixteen
inches thick, but the designers have
now reduced the thickness to twelve
inches. This change was made in order
to strengthen the casements, which
will be made seven and a half inches
thick instead of five inches
WARNED TO LEAVE TOWN.
; Slayer of a Merchant Not Wanted in
Everett.
TACOMA. March 7.— lt was reported to
i day that an attempt had been made at
i Everett to lynch Kditor J. W. Connella.
who shot and killed Merchant Olsen at
Everett several months ago. At his sub
sequent trial in Kitsap County on a
change of venue Connella was acquitted.
A mass-meeting then held at Everett
j passed resolutions requesting that i'<m
' nella should not return there. He an
nouced his intention to return when he
got ready, and went East to visit rela
tives. Upon his return, two days ago, he
was waited upon and asked to leave town.
He declined to go. It is reported to-night
from Everett that the feeling against
Connella remains strong there, though no
violence has been attempted.
Festivities at Valparaiso.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. March 7.— The
Argentine training-ship (cruiser), with
President Sarmiento has arrived at Val
paraiso, where great festivities have
been prepared in nis honor.
ISSUE OF
BONDS NOT
NECESSARY
How Expenditures Author
ized by Congress Will
Have to Be Met.
If Required the Government Can
Seen 'c Additional Cash by Sell
ing Central Pacific Notes.
Special Pispafh to The Call'
NEW YORK. March 7.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: All expenditures authorized
by f'nngress for this fiscal year and the
next will be m*»t without the sale of
bonds or the issue of certificates of in
debtedness.
W'h'--n Sf-rretary Gage Issued his an
nual report in December he estimated
a deficit of J112.000.000 for the current
fiscal year and a little more than $30.
--000,000 for the nf>xt year ending June 30,
19f'O. The estimates made by Repre
sentatives Cannon and Dockery of the
House Committee on Appropriations
put the deficiency for the next year far
ab ive the figures of the Secretary—
Dockery placing 't as high as $100,000,
--000.
These figures, it is contended by
Treasury officials, are much too high.
Secretary Gage's estimate of revenue
for next year is $^10.9r.5.112. and the
appropriations for that year amount to
$673,658,400. assuming that the deficiency
appropriations for that year will be as
large as for this, which is a very liberal
estimate. This would make an appar
ent deficit of $52,700,288. It is expected.
however, that actual expenditures will
fail somewhat short of the total appro
priations, for it Is not believed such
large deficiencies^ will have to be made
up because it is expected there will be
a surplus in the appropriation for the
army.
About $10,000,000 will be received from
the Central Pacific Railway, and this
will reduce the deficit to about $100,000,
--000. enabling the treasury to begin the
fiscal year with a sufficient cash bal
ance on hand to relieve all apprehen
sion.
Should it become necessary for the
treasury to secure more cash than is
brought In by ordinary' receipts during
the next few years the Government
may do so by selling Central Pacific
Railway notes which the law authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to do for
not less than par and accrued interest.
While there is no probability that
there will be a treasury deficiency after
that time it is apparent that the war
revenue taxes will have to be main
tained indefinitely if Congress con
tinues to appropriate money on the
same scale as in the session just closed.
RUHLIN WINS IN
THE FIFTH ROUND
Easily Defeats Old Joe
Coddard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March. 7.— Gus Ruhlin
of Akron, 0., met and defeated Joe
Goddard of Australia in the fifth round
of what was to have been a twenty
round bout before the Lenox Club to
night. Both men stripped in excellent
condition, but Ruhlin had the call in
the betting. This was certainly justi
fied from his appearance, and from the
outset he held his opponent cheaply.
He evidently saw that Joe could not
offset his rushes and from the begin
ning forced the fighting. The Aus
tralian went down frequently with good
cause, but toward the close of the con
test he dropped without cause and was
deservedly disqualified. Ruhlin was a
2 to 1 favorite in the betting.
Round I—Goddard1 — Goddard opened with a left to
'> the body, landing lightly. Gus landed
1 with left and right on the head and body
: and was cautioned for hitting in the
j breakaway. A light left from Gus sent
! Goddard to the floor, but the old-timer
was up immediately, on!y to go down
again with a right on the jaw. This time
I Goddard stayed down eight seconds.
! When h" "Ot up he feinted with his left
and was met with a hard right on the
fare, and wont down a third time, re
maining on the floor almost to the limit.
When he got up there were only a few
\ seconds left before the round ended.
Round 2— Ruhlin sent his left to the
' face hard and Goddard dropped three
; times in quick succession. Ruhlin re
peated this dose and knocked his man
down with each blow. The referee count
ed six and nine and eight consecutively
while Goddard was trying to regain his
j feet, and the referee cautioned Goddard
■ to stop "holding."
R.iund 3— Joe was quick in toeing the
mark, and jumped to the center of the
ring. He dodged a vicious left from Ruh
-1 lin. but wont to his knees with a hard
right on the jaw. After a lot of fiddling
! Gus forced Joe to the ropes in the oppo
j site corner and put him down with a right
I smash on the jaw. The "old hoss" seemed
; used to such rough treatment and came
i up on the defensive, only to go down
; again with another smash on the jaw.
T ward the end of the round they were
both again cautioned for holding.
Round 4— Ruhlin landed two left hooks
i and a right on the head, which sent God
! dard down. He stayed down eight sec
i onds and came up. only to dodge a vi
i cious left hook for the head, but it landed
!In the shoulder and down he went.
' Throughout the remainder of the round
Goddard remained on the defensive
Round s— Goddard opened with a left
> lead for the body, but Ruhlin sent a right
j and left in quick succession in the face,
i Then Ruhlin sailed in with a series of
I right and left hand smashes, every one of
! which landed hard, and Goddard accepted
them like an iron man. Each man was
: again cautioned by the referee to avoid
! holding, but Goddard could not withstand
! Ruhlin's onslaughts and dropped to the
1 floor without a blow to escape punlsh
: ment. This being obviously a transgres
! sion of Queenshury rules. Referee White
I ordered the boxers to their corners and
! declared Ruhlin the winner.
WILL PRAY FOR RAIN.
Los Angeles Methodists Designate a
Day for Fasting.
LOS ANGELES, March 7.— The Meth
odist ministers of Los Angeles and
vicinity will seek to learn why rain is
withheld fmm Southern California.
Wednesday of next week has been set
asido as a day of fasting, humiliation
and prayer. The committee that was
appointed by the Methodist Ministers'
Association to draft resolutions on the
situation has reported. The chairman
said the situation in certain districts
WAS appalling. The commitee decided
there was need of rain in the spiritual
as well as In the physical world. No
recommendation was made that the
churches pray for rain, but it was sug
gested they pass a day in humiliation
and fasting, and ank God why he has
sent this drought and what he wishes
his people to da.
THE EMPORIUM. ( THE EMPORIUM. ___^
?£*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*&
* plge'so/fiuh- P Oolden lfcale Bazaar. T*i '*«»'**• +
J ions and CALIFORNIA LARGEST— AMERICA CRASDtST STORE Send or ask f
» prices. for it. *
♦ B*K>rrm*rsm<%4<*-r%ryn£ KMf%£w**£% So many belated purchasers J
♦ MBIBfS(ZJB&erMBiJ& ffUlfOC have come to us since the close of J
A toJ : • » osvif amo the book sale last Saturday night, «
J «O  fijS&^jr vff d* and have appeared so much disap- <f
*^ pointed that the sale was over, <•
A that we have gathered together all that was left of the books we offered, and sev- ♦
♦ eral other lines, and will continue the sale while these lots last. 3(jtt the Icw/st ♦
♦ book prias evsr quoted in this city. . . J
jt GOO Magazines, including At- works in these branches. Sale price per
*, lantic, Ghautauquan, Harper, Forum, St. volume 5c <f
* Nicholas, N. A. Review and many of the Humboldt Library of Science— *
» leading British Reviews. Now, per s j ng i e is c numbers, Sc ; double 30c *
♦ copy SC numbers lOC X
J by ex-Secretary of^the Navy Thompson- ciulin 7 sin 1? copies of late ropvHs ht «
hand-made P a P er. deckle edge illustrated book 3^ wer = 75,. $2 r volum /- «
with photogravures— publishers price, 2 . ... , Oats'*
J vols., $6. Sale price '. $2.50 >ng this s ale . . ... WO
♦ California Gold Book, by Juvenile Works, for botn boys «
» Allen & A very— an account of the devel- and girls— books from the pens of such «
♦ opment of the gold mining industry in authors as Cooper, Mayne Reid. Carey. «
♦ this State— in attractive gilt stamped Molesworth and Ewmg— 7oc volumes J
* cloth binding and neatly illustrated— now • • - 3Oc J
J publisher's price $1.50. Sale price. 3OC Fiction Standard ' authors and re-
Lippincott's Library, includ- cent copyright books— neat cloth bind- <f
$, ing works of Carey, Mrs. Forrester, The ! ings. During this sale /scf
#, Duchess and the Wister Translations — $8 edition Knight's History of Eng- ♦
•1 cloth — publisher's price 75c. Sale price., i land — 9 volumes $4.50 *
♦ ~ 45c $5 edition Macaulay's History of Eng- J
♦ Gassell's National Library land— s volumes $2,50
♦ — paper bound — science, travel, poetry ; $7.50 edition Half Hour With Best
J and history some of the best-known Authors — volumes $3*OO +
* For Wednesday Only. Wednesday' Astonishing Bar- *
i Madras doth, 7c- _ „ /* : " s in ' ♦
i Madras Cloth— the new wash fabric— j LatiißS NeCkweßi** +
136 inches wide— printed in dainty color- j ea ,i these great offerings in Neck- ♦
+ in?3— very stylish— adapted for waists, i wear _ g onie of tne pieces have been ever J
♦ suits, wrappers, etc.— large variety to se- 80 slightly soiled in window and counter J
+ lect from— a regular 10c leader. All displays. Can you use them at prices 2
♦ day to-day per yard 7C like these: " «
J . . String and Knot Ties, each 2o ♦
♦ Wednesday Only Ladies ' 12l i e Linen Collars now 2c *
♦ xw^_^*. yreanesaav umy , 15c Stock and Band Bows for Sc *
* tfVv^§S^^> 7J C an d I -°°- ' Silk Four-in-Hands for ladies 5C J
♦ s >n ... . x Ladies' 25c Pique Ties to-day 5c Z,
* :^nT : • nflT 1 WaiStS I Boys' 2sc Sailor Collars '. Wo +
♦ ''\'' »■■•.•■ ***** CSQ*m Ladies' 2sc Pique Stock Ties- lOC «
J •::•:•::';! #€#f" 9SfUm Lakes' Silk String Ties to-day lOC «
5 • If!! 2•:! ' ! d...,' c tar Wai=stq Ladies' 35c Neck Ruchings now 150 ♦
I ••.-,',?•;.•: „,- btar >Vaists ! Ladies 50c Puff Ties reduced to 15c «
J :::::;•::;! (the gen , Uine Star 'T ' Ladies' 50c Ribbon *
* • ? IT : I:-;. 174 on] ?~ French ! Jabots, to-day «
♦ '\\''' ?','!!! Percales in desirable ; 25c f -f^
* !;'••!' i!l«'! patterns — the very \ Ladies' 50c Puff Ties. F "^k J
5 jjjlli ' ikliili best waist for boys \ to-day 25c yTff^cV ♦
! Pip that are made-reg- 85c to $1.25 Jabots, iW^i
t [•{.::! I!:- ular 75c and $1.00 PnflfTies Sdk&r- ♦
♦ Ill":i;.aHe.r..;;J values. To-day, while dle3 and Neck Ruf- *
♦ the lot lasts.:.soo .flea- to-day.. -S=|^^ *
#1 ,$1 Silk Collarettes... —^r-~^_r -~Z ; 3
* 75 E^§^^ J
♦ m , . c . ■, ■ ' $1.50 Stock Puff Ties irErF^^EEr^ X
» Wednesday Special in * $1.00 3=sE~:=S^ 1
* Dress Goods. 1 ™ s " k f Chemi - TT^rfrf 2
T sette Fronts V»l '//i # .*J «
T- Here is one of the best dress good of- j $1*25 % JJ' *
J ferings that we have ever made on B3r- \s3 gilk Fronts, Hk« *^ ♦
gain day— sl.oo Spring and Summer fab- I picture.... Sim 7s *
£> rics to be sold for 68c per yard at the ♦
i very beginning of the season. i» Wednesday Onh-V,ese 1
♦ 40-inch Silk and Wool Novelties in] Wednesday UM\ — 1 luse J
♦ stylish spring colorings, and 46-inch Nov- j FOOt TlihSm 26Cm *-
* elty Suitings light mixtures for Sum- < *t
* mer regularly $1.00 per yard. On j ' la £ an =ed *
I sale all day Wednesday at 68c J&t^ ~-^h Tin Foot Tub
* " <gyl 1 ' "^aT like picture —
J " - "T^l 15 inches <•
> Wednesday Special. %^l JJO lon^- To-day *
6__ _ _ - » - ' onl - v 26c*
t Men's Furnishings. n ° J
* 80 dozen Men's good quality Cotton Wednesday Specials in *
I tSS-KU^....°*..! P I House Furnishings.
9, 30 dozen odds and ends in Men's All- 2-quart Steel Enameled Saucepans...//© ♦
♦ silk Neckwear — all popular styles — reg- 85c and $1 White Enameled Salt Boxes — J
* ular 25c and 50c values. On Wednesday. ! slightly chipped — to-day 390 2
♦ .'. 19c 6-quart White Enameled Kettles, with 2
■J 44 dozen Blue Wool Merino Shirts and ! bale handles and tin covers — regularly *#
J Drawers, finely fashioned, full shrunk, reg- j 70c — to-day 43 C f
J ularly made — former price $1.25 per gar- ! Asbestos lined Cake Griddle — no grease
ft ment. Wednesday special price... 89c ' required— to-day 19c ♦
♦ Bohemian Cut Glassware — Vases, Pitchers, Rose *
i Bowls, Cologne Bottles, etc.— Half Price this week. <*
* Grocery Department — 16 remarkable offerings ofj
♦ housecleaning articles this week — Soap, Starch, Sapolio, etc. 4
f ************************ *******************^
REVOLUTION IMMINENT.
LIMA. Peru. March 7.— As people here
are abstainnp from inscription as voters
there is danger that Premier Romana. ob-
serving the diminution of votes and be-
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
htrcbasers* Guide to Eespocsible Merchants, Manufacturers. Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICB LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
la (brmpotltag with **7 «f *• *«*■—€ Tlmi Plmm Kntin 'TTw 0»!L"
COPPERSMITH. IRON FOUNDERS.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr. Western Foundry. Morton & Hedle-r. Prop*.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing. Steamboat 234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
VihfJSo^S? \&X%}S'*&n*Bi£ . «crlption Made to Order. TeL 81ac.1503.
~ ~ be"lti>q LIQUORS.
Bh V „  . Gudold Whiskey, gallon $1 50; case WOO
LI) nCf.PW Manufacturer of Belting nnd F. CO. Whiskey, do 1125
r. UEUC^, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- L CAHEN & SOX. 418 Sacramento St.. S P
on St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 662. - p APER DEALERS. ._ — _
"*^ - PAPER DEALERS.
BOILER MAKERS. U/lj I AMCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, ! ""*** P^r" w ~ TiWw
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. __ _ HIIPHFC? ; pt?tisttipt»
Ep^lsi Attention Paid to Repairs and BMb C- C- II U U lI C^, 5 11 Sani-Ttn* rtr»rt.
Office «nd Wcrks-rS'-IIS MISSION ST. w^"^™™£%- MCau Z
J^*^™*™"- Cc^es. FAX I RIDGE ,'t.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. THE HICKS- HUH) Printers, • Book.
THESAH FMCISCO NEWS COMPANY, S Zt^Z':"""'"^
842 to 350 Geary Street. Abore Powell. ( ■rag3R\ HIT *i. • r» ; i' L V"
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. , jggSL AH lypSWnterS Rented.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. fflg^ '«>&& ■ R^TH^P^fll^
n , nni r V c CAVC- Makers and Dealers In JS^^Sk L. &M. ALEXANDER.
0 BRIEN tt aUrlSLandaus. Hacks. Vtetoriu. B **^ UO Montgomery street.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Qat» aye. and Polk __ _ , _
st. San Francisco. ' WAREHOUSEMEN.
■" COAU COKE AND pia IRON. HE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
COAU CWIWS «' j Fom-dlng Agents and Public Weighers. Ot .
I r» WILSON & CO.. era l Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. G«a.
J. O. VV 11-OUl^ «* v^v-r. , <ral offlce no California st. Tel Main 1914.
WOO BATTERY STREET. watchfs ET~C "
Telephone Main 1884. BATCHES. ETC.
— T I ITKnV H «adquarter» for fine Jewelry and
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE 1 . 1- LUmii, i is-k. Wedding Rings. « M st.
REDINGTON & CO. SecondandSteven. WHITE ASH STEAM COAL
HtUlilUlUn Ob UW' son TeL Main 4 MJne(l by th% ~*
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINDfO Ca " **
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIEfIL
MC BOYES 4 CO., V£3r*£ a 2K\& Is the Be«t Coal In the Market!
JAS* DUIEO ff U7,, Clay. TeL Main uw. Olftce aad Tanl»-46a M*ia BtmiL.
: inp a man of principle, will resign. It is
: feared that President Piernla will then
i try to continue in offlce or that a civilist
vice-president will assume the reins of of-
fice. In either case a revolution must in-
evttably ensue.
56
iVEDNESDAY MARCH 8, 1899
john D. SPRECKELS, Propnetor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
?ÜBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevonson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail, Including: Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1-50
DAILY CALL— Single Month 65 °
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. Ona Year I *°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE Z ~~_ 90S Broadway
-
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 183. World Butldln*
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R««« Hou<Ml
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE M-rquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative, j
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street, corner Clay, '
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, ooen untl^
P-20 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, o?«n until 9:30 i
o'clock 615 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o"clocK. 1
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market |
ftre«t. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "La Tosca."
California — Sousa's Concerts, Friday, March 10.
.; — "La Belle Helene."
Urpheum— vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Man With a Past."
Alhambra— "Dcwey. the Hero of Manila."
Grand Opera House— Ellis Opera Company. Monday «yen-
Ing. March 13.
Chutes and Z>oo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olytnpia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Cc nt ral Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This day. at 10:30 a. m., and 2:30
p. m., Turkish Rugs, at 123 Geary street.
THE END OF AN EVIL.
TIRE is every reason to suppose that racing,
which has degenerated in this community into
a vicious form of gambling, is about to be de
prived of its power for ill. Theie is firm ground for
the hope that the bookmaker, into whose hands daily
there has been passing thousands of dollars, some of
it stolen, much of it representing the earnings of
dupes, will have to seek other fields in which to ply
their vocation. San Francisco has stood the drain too
long, and too long calmly endured the spectacle of
and women being wrecked morally and finan
cially for the benefit of the promoters of "sport," and
an army of vagrants and touts.
The subject has been thoroughly exploited. The
story has been told again and again in the records
. I the courts ami the Morgue. It has been told in a
long list of embezzlements, betrayals of trust, sun
dered families, suicides and murder. Xo defense can
be made of the sort of racing permitted at Ingleside.
It is simply a gamble, with the percentage all in fa
vor of the professional gambler. The owners of
hordes will still be allowed to hold speed contests for
purses, and if they are sincere in their assertion that
they merely desire to encourage the breeding of good
stock, they can have no reason to complain. Indeed,
they might consistently aid the reform, since one
effect of it will be to make their calling respectable.
The majority of the Board of Supervisors is to be
congratulated. The ten members have shown a keen
appreciation of the demand for radical reform, and
they have boldly undertaken a task which will incur
for them the enmity of an element heretofore wont to
believe itself all-powerful.
Ingleside racetrack proprietors threaten if bereft of
their present unholy perquisites to nail up the gate
and go to Oakland. Perhaps this is a bluff; if not,
it is hard luck for Oakland. They will be obliged to
make a threat more dire than this before San Fran
cisco will get scared.
COLLAPSE OF c BOODLE BOOM.
THERE is a point in all speculation beyond which
it is dangerous to go. A steady supply equal to
the demand always tends to maintain prices and
keep the market constantly in a healthy and receptive
condition, whereas the moment speculators attempt to
force prices up or down clouds overspread the hori
zon, squalls break, hurricanes gather and everything
goes to smash. The causes of these commercial phe
nomena are overproduction, oversupply, fictitious
prices or the creation of a market in which nobody
has confidence.
The commercial law here imperfectly described ap
plies to legislative boodling as well as to the ordinary
boodhng of commerce. The maxim deduced might
be stated thus: Even political boodling has a boom
point beyond which it is dangerous to go. The
latest illustration of the operation of the law is found
in Oakland.
The Common Council of that city had a good thing
in the Contra Costa and Oakland water companies.
These corporations have shown on numerous occa
sions that rather than have their rates ''regulated"
under the February provisions of the constitution they
would come down handsomely, or, as it is expressed
in Oakland circles, "put up" gorgeously. Successive
Common Councils have worked the Alameda water
lords out of many an easily earned dollar, and fixing
water rates annually has long been considered a profit
able perquisite by the bosses, political parasites and
blackmailers of the coast Athens.
But according to ail accounts the boodlers this year
have overdone the business; in fact, they have forced
the price of votes for fixing rates beyond the boom
point, and consequently have not only demoralized
the market, but completely destroyed it. The mani
pulators who set out to make the two corporations
"come down" or "put up" — whichever you please — •
were on Monday thrown into confusion by the ac
ceptance by the corporations of what is designated in
water circles throughout the State as the "minority
order!" This schedule was framed by Councilman
Upton, and on being put upon its passage wasr
adopted by a vote of 8 to 3 — three Councilmen
friendly to the water companies having been directed
by them to vote for it. Thus the water lords escaped
the clutches of the politicians and demonstrated once
more that even boodling can be overworked.
There is but one conclusion to be drawn from the
facts of this case — the price demanded by the water
rate fixers must have been terrifying. Otherwise the
corporations would never have considered the Upton
ordinance. Were the boodlers misled by the dry
year? Something must have inspired the extraor
dinary confidence which they displayed.
COME TO THE POINT.
IT is impossible to bring the supporters of Dan
Burns to a point, because they have no point
that will bear publicity. An admission on their
part that there is any standard by which a candidate
for the Senate of the United States should be tested
would show a little respect for the public. Then, if
they would concede that the standard ought to com
prise brains, education, knowledge, experience and
integrity, a further step would be gained. If they
climbed thus far out of the mire in which they appear
to be stuck they might probably acknowledge that the
manipulation of unclean politics, State or municipal,
is an unseemly preparation for the consideration and
settlement of great national affairs. By this time
they would have almost reached the level of practical
citizenship of a comparatively decent type, although
they would still fall short of the lofty ideals of Ameri
can statesmanship. There would remain only two
questions to be settled— first, has Burns any of the
qualifications enumerated? and, second, is not the
conceded disqualification the sole claim that has been
advanced on his behalf?
But, compared to the Burns touts, who have lost
their sensibility and their senses by riding on rail
road tracks, the hide of the hippopotamus is thin,
the hearing of the adder acute and the vision of the
mole sharp. They are equally stolid and impervious.
Their only watchword is "Burns," and the only other
word they know in its full signification is "Boodle."
Party names, still more political principles, for them
have no meaning. The voice of the people may swell
to a roar, but it will not disturb their equanimity.
Patriotism and Americanism are as alien to them as
virtue to a courtesan or the sanctity of an altar to the !
inmate of a dive.
There is no remedy, therefore, but to batter these
political Filipinos back to the brush from which they
emerged, and this unpleasant labor cannot be done
by the press alone. Citizens and their chosen repre
sentatives must finish the job. They at least are not
bent on satiating personal malice by disguising a
railroad saint as a political sinner. They are not
jealous proprietors of obstreperous newspapers that
meanly advocate political decency and the preserva
tion of the honor of the State. Nominally they own
the State, and they really Have its fame and its in
terests in their keeping. They have some right to in
quire who Dan Burns is and what he has ever said
or done, what qualities or associations he has that re
lieve his pretensions from sheer audacity. They may
be permitted to insist that a railroad tool, with the
reputation of a defaulter, with a name at once mentally
blank and morally malodorous, has no vested right or
titie. merely because of these facts, to a Federal Sen- !
atorship. They may even be pardoned for concentrat- j
ing their influence and their votes upon the prompt |
election of a Republican, a statesman and a gentle-
THE COUNTY GOVERNMENT BILL.
ARGUMENTS p r e sente d by the delegation of
citizens from Santa Clara County against the
county government bill are sufficiently strong
to justify its rejection, even if not another county
made a protest or not another word of opposition was
uttered. They were made up of plain statements of
the effects the bill would have upon the government
of Santa Clara County itself, and they have therefore
all the force of stubborn facts not to be gainsaid or
ignored.
The Santa Clara men, several of whom are county
officials, pointed out that the bill if enacted will in
crease the cost of government in their county by up
ward of $50,000 a year without in any way increasing
the effectiveness of the administration of county af
fairs or promoting the general good. The statement
was supported by an analysis of the various ways by
which the cost of government would be augmented.
From the showing thus made it appears the cost of
county government in Santa Clara would be increased
by the salary of a clerk of Board of Supervisors
$125 a month, a Deputy Sheriff $1800 a year, a Li
cense Collector $150 a month; two additional assist
ants in the office of District Attorney, one at $1200
and the other at $1500 a year; a Deputy County Sur
veyor at $1000 a year; and. furthermore, the Sheriff
is to have additional fees and the Surveyor is to have
besides his deputy such other assistance as may be
necessary.
It must be borne in mind that the county has al
ready a Supervisors' clerk, a Deputy Sheriff, a License
Collector, and the District Attorney has two assist
ants in his office. The proposed additions will there
fore add nothing to the service of the county. Their
effect will be merely the creation of new salaries.
There are, moreover, other objections to the bill.
Under it Township Justices are to receive $150 a
month and be furnished with an office and a clerk at
$75 a month; constables are to receive $125 a month
and free office room; Supervisors are to be author
ized to let contracts for bridge building without call
ing for bids, and are to have control of all county
printing.
Such would be some of the effects of the proposed
bill upon counties of the class to which Santa Clara
belongs. It is not strange, therefore, that her press
and her people should protest against it. It might
well be entitled a bill to increase the number of
county officers, the rate of salaries and the burden of
taxation.
The people of Santa Clara deserve credit for the
attention they have given this subject and the vigor
with which they have opposed it. If in every part of
the State the citizens were equally vigilant and atten
tive to public matters California would be much bet
ter governed than it is. After all the people of a free
country generally get the kind of legislation they de
serve, and Santa Clara clearly merits a good govern
ment, for she has shown a willingness to study public
affairs and to work for economy, both at home and at
Sacramento.
WAR CONGRESS APPROPRIATIONS.
\A R. CANNON'S statement of the causes lead
/ \ ing to the enormous appropriations made by
* * the late Congress is in the main sufficiently
satisfactory to offset any objections that may be urged
cither by the partisans of the- opposition or by ex
treme economists. The Republican party can safely
support the work of the war Congress before the peo
ple, and with justice ask popular approval of almost
every item of the vast expenditure, which in the ag
gregate amounted to more than a billion and a half
of dollars.
There were two items of increased expenditure,
however, which the intelligence of the country will
not approve. The first of these is the increase in
pensions over those of last year to the amount of
$4,000,000, and the second is the increase over last
year of $16,000,000 for the postal service. In neither
of these items should there have been any material
increase of expenditure whatever. On the contrary,
the country had a reasonable right to expect a de
crease in each.
The war with Spain has of course added to the
names on the pension roll, and the nation does not
grudge one dollar of expense thus honorably imposed
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1899.
upon the taxpayers. But there should be a decrease
in the former pension rolls. The Civil War closed
thirty-five years ago, and yet the number of pen
sioners claiming pensions for service in that war con
tinues to increase, and the end is not yet. That some
thing of fraud exists in this condition of affairs is
beyond question, and the Republican party, whose
loyalty to the veterans who followed Grant and sup
ported Lincoln in the war for the Union is not
doubted, should undertake the work of purging the
pension lists of dishonest claimants and make it what
it should be— a roll of honor for the deserving brave.
For the increased expenditure for the Postoftice
there is no justification whatever. The postal ser
vice in Great Britain, in France and in Germany is
self-supporting, and even yields a revenue to the
state. There is no reason why similar results should
not be obtained in this country. Congressman Loud,
chairman of the Postal Committee of the House, has
repeatedly urged a reform in the sen-ice which would
greatly diminish the expenditures and get rid of the
deficit. Every effort in that direction, hoover, ha
failed, and as a result every increase in the business
of the Postoffice is followed by an increase of the de
ficit.
With the exception of the items noted, the appro
priation bills of the war Congress will stand the test
of popular judgment. We have fought a great na
tion and conducted a war on both sides the globe
without pausing in our work of internal improvements
or checking in any way our ordinary expenditures for
the upbuilding of the republic. The burden has been
vast, but upon the mass of the people it sits so lightly
it is hardly noted. Speaker Reed once answered the
attacks of the opposition upon the liberal appropria
tions of the Fifty-first Congress, with the epigram,
"This is a billion dollar country." He can now say it
is growing fast to be a two billion dollar country and
the people stay with it.
SENATOR MORGAN, the sincerity of whose
support of the Nicaragua canal project is not
to be doubted, is reported to be well satisfied
with the results attained by the friends of the mea
sure in the late Congress. A letter attributed to him
says: '"The earnest and patriotic purpose of the
President to construct a canal has been responded to
by Congress in a decisive and conclusive way, and the
foundation has been laid, which will never be shaken,
for this work of universal benefaction."
It is to be hoped this sanguine view of the situation
is correct, for it is much more hopeful than that taken
by the public. Despite the high authority of the Sen
ator, however, there will be widespread doubt of its
correctness. The Senator is growing old and has
acquired a habit of seeing things as he desires them
rather than as they are. It is possible, and even prob
able, that in this case, as in many others, he has per
mitted the wish to be father to the thought, and in
dulge? the belief that he has accomplished much for
the canal, when as a matter of fact the enterprise has
been stalled for years to come.
Congress voted an appropriation for a survey of
all the suggested routes for the canal, but not a dollar
for beginning construction on any of them. Under
the act the commission charged with the survey will
have to report upon the Panama route as well as upon
that of Nicaragua. This on the face of it is a victory
for the Panama Company. Their project now stands
on the same footing with that of Nicaragua, and an
opportunity is afforded them to make a strong fight
when the next Congress meets.
With two projects undjpr discussion it will be easy
for the opponents of the measure to set up one
against the other and thus provoke a rivalry which
will indefinitely postpone action. If public sentiment
becomes divided as to which route would be the bet
ter, there will be an inevitable weakening of the
forces in favor of a canal, while the antagonists of the
enterprise will remain as firmly united as ever, and
have the further advantage of pretending to support
one project or the other, while really preventing the
adoption of either.
We have seen such tactics employed with success
for a good many \ r ears by the opposition to the pro
posed reforms in the postal regulations designed to
make the service self-supporting. Two plans were
advanced in the late Congress for that purpose — one
proposed to check the abuse of the second class mail
privilege, which entails such a heavy expense upon
the service; the other proposed to reduce the
amounts paid to the railroads for carrying the mails.
The adoption of either of these would have resulted
in a saving sufficient to put an end to the annual
deficit in the Postoftice Department.
When the first plan was submitted to the House,
however, it was defeated by men who said they pre
ferred the second plan. When the second was sub
n.itted it was defeated by men' who declared them
selves in favor of the first plan. Thus nearly every
member of Congress made a record in favor of pro
viding a remedy for abuses in the postal service and
establishing the service on an economical basis, and
yet nothing was accomplished. Congress, it appears,
was well nigh unanimous that something should be
done, and equally unanimous in resolving not to do it.
There is a danger that such tactics win now be used
against the canal enterprise. The friends of Panama
will vote against Nicaragua, and the friends of
Nicaragua will oppose Panama. Such is the situation
as it appears to-day, and it behooves the real ad
vocates of the enterprise to be active and vigilant, or
the results in the next Congress will be only another
postponement and an appropriation for another
survey.
One of the Supervisors declared in open session
that he was not acquainted with "Colonel Mazuma,"
which, so far as any personal relations with him are
concerned, might easily be true. But Colonel Mazuma
has a right to feel offended to learn that his identity
is unknown to any citizen of California.
Rev. Dr. Brown explains that he never denounced
Dan Burns, but that, on the contrary, he admires the
gentleman from Mexico. We freely add the informa
tion that the Brown in question is not the one of
Overman fame.
"Smiling" Billy Hamilton now has to do the work
which the Government pays him for doing, and his
smile is only a memory. It was the Hamilton idea
to draw a salary and put in his time whooping things
up for Burns.
There is a familiar aspect about the proposition to
build a hospital for the city and county to take the
place of the rickety thing which now insults the in
digent citizen. Such a rumor is always in order.
California will be glad to congratulate Shafter upon
being made a major-general, but it was a cruel blow
for the Examiner.
Announcement is made that Alger is coming to
this coast. His reception will depend upon whether
he shall come before or after resignation.
Reports that Fitzsimmons has a bad elbow do not
interest the public much, but may be valuable for
poolroom purposes.
THE NICfIFtfIGUA CANAL.
MILLIONS WILL
BE SAVED TO
CALIFORNIA
Government Secures
a Good Dock.
SEATTLE A LIVELY RIVAL
TIMELY ACTION OF THE HAR
BOR COMMISSIONERS.
Fremont Street Wharf to Be Trans
formed Into a Covered Pier
for the Use of the
Transports.
IMMENSE TRAFFIC
ASSURED THIS PORT
O O
O At a meeting of the Harbor Com- Q
© missioners held yesterday action Q
O was taken by them which insures ©
© the ample accommodation for all ©
O transports ana similar vessels In Q
O the service of the Government on O
© the Pacific. The Government has ©
© been seeking for a covered dock, O
O and this will now bo furnished to- Q
O gother with all needed facilities. ©
O The commission adopted a roso- O
O lution, instructing the Chief Engi- ©
O ncer to prepare plans and specif!- ©
© cations for transforming Frewiont O
© street wharf into a covered dock, ©
O work to be consummated with the O
O least possible delay. This wharf ©
O Is 100 feet wide. Is in excellent con- ©
O dltion, being constructed of built Q
© up piles, and is desirably located, O
O being adjacent to the Mail dock and ©
O in proximity to the Southern Pa- O
© ciflc Railway and Santa Fe Rail- ©
O way, the terminus of which will ©
O be at Main street. O
O When the work on Fremont _O
O street wharf is completed the Har-"O
O bor Commissioners will then either Q
O assign the same to the Govern- O
© ment transports or transfer the O
O Alaska Commercial Company and O
© the Alaska Packers' Association, ©
O at present occupying Folsom street ©
© wharf, to it, in which event the ©
© Government transports will be as- O
© signed to Folsom street dock. Both O
© Folsom and Fremont street docks O
© are desirable for either, service. ©
O O
000000000000000000
A special committee of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association was at
work yesterday upon a matter th;it
in ■ ;i nt the pain or loss of millions of
dollars to this city and State. Some time
ago Colonel Long of the quartermaster's
department, whoso special business for a
>( :tr or more has been to furnish supplies
and tit out the Government transports
for Uncle Sam, requested of the State
Harbor Commissioners ;i suitable place
fur the docking of vessels under his
charge. He represented that suitable
docking: facilities are absolutely necessary
in order to meet the demands of the Gov
ernment in dispatching the transports
that carry provisions, munitions of war
and soldiers to the Pacific squadron in
Manila as will as the other parts of the
Western ocean.
Colonel Long called particular attention
to the fact that in the past he has fitted
out these expeditions at great inconveni
ence to himself and the department. That
was during the emergencies of the late
war, when it was necessary to make the
of everything.
Recent developments indicate that the
T'nited States will continue to hold many
or possibly all of the new Pacific posses
sions and that tlvre will be a large
amount of shipping by the Government
from this side of the continent to the
Orient. Hence, suitable docking facilities
are an absolute necessity.
The officers of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Ass.. nation were stirred to
quick action yesterday by the information
that Seattle is making an effort to draw
1 • ilovernment supply department away
from San Francisco and install it in the
Puget Sound city. A short time ago the
Seattle Chamber of Commerce beld a
meeting and discussed the request of Co!
--onel Long made to the California State
officers. The result of that meeting was
telegraphed to the department at Wash
ington and to Colonel Long. It was noth
ing Less than an offer to the Government
of free dockage and the granting of
every concession that the department
would ask if the Pacific base of supplies
would be moved from San Francisco to
Seattle. Attention was called to the fine
harbor of the north and to the railroad
facilities of tin.' northern route over which
munitions and supplies obtained in the
East could be shipped to that port.
The local manufacturers detemined that
the advantage already gained by San
Francisco could not properly be allowed
to be iost. A meeting was therefore held
yesterday and the situation was thor
oughly discussed. The argument was pre
sented that this port is the besi adapted
to the shipping of supplies in the Pacific,
being centrally situated. The department
is already located here, and the benefits
to the State received during the past few
months show that during the late war
supplies of various kin. ls amounting to
about two and a half million dollars were
purchased here, and since then much more
Government money has found its way Into
the pockets of local manufacturers. With
purchases already made and goods sent i
from the East, aside from ammunition, j
the Government has shipped from the
port of San Francisco cargoes valued at
over eight million dollars.
To permit such a trade to go elsewhere
would be commercial suicide, and a com
mittee, consisting of J. W. Kerr and
Manager Goodwin, started out for Colonel
Long with whom a conference was hold,
and later a visit was paid to the Harbor
Commissioners. The result of their efforts,
as shown by the foregoing, was most sat
isfactory, and at the next meeting they
will report that the patronage of the
Government has been saved to this city
through the timely action of the Manufac
turers' Association and the Harbor Com
missioners.
A BIG MINING COMBINE.
Alfred B. Adams, Mexican Mine Pro-
moter, Tells of Rich Ledges.
Alfred B. Adams, who has been in Mex
ico for the past four years endeavoring
to consolidate vast mining properties in
Durango, arrived here yesterday and is
registered at the Occidental. He has
finally succeeded in his efforts, and the re
sult Is the formation of a company called
the Consolidated Mines of Copalquin, of
which he is the director general. He is
here to get bids on an extensive electric
machinery plant with which the mines
will be equipped.
"This company," said Mr. Adams, "has
been incorporated under the laws of New
Jersey and Mexico, and we have letters
patent from the latter Government for
twenty-seven large mines. For two years
I have worked to bring about the consoli
dation of valuable properties, and found
it a difficult task owing to the disinclina
tion of the natives to work their mines
in any other but the crude way. Finally
the De la Rocha family, who own the
larger portion of the claims, agreed to
the combination.
"Principal among the mines is the El
Refugio, which was discovered in 1849.
Even with the primitive methods em
ployed by the natives a fabulous amount
of gold and silver has been extracted.
Over a million dollars in bullion has been
sent to the Mint here during the last five
jcsarsv TUne are C\)jjw .tons of ore in
sight, which runs $27 37 to the ton. It is
free milling ore and the ordinary stamp
mill process is used entirely.
"There are fifteen stamp mills now op
erated by water power. At the junction or
the Limon and Copalquin rivers, which
flow through the properties, we will erect
the electric plant, for which I have come
to this country to negotiate. The com
pany was capitalized at $1,000,000. and the
native owners were given stock to the
value of their holdings. Everything is
now in legal shape under the laws of both
the United States and Mexican Govern
in, nta. I will return to Mexico in three
weeks, and after the machinery has been
constructed 1 may proceed to London and
from various syndicates."
MATTERS IN THE MISSION.
The Valencia Street Residents Want
a Bitumen Pavement.
The ftrat matter that came before the
Mission HuMlness Men's Association,
which nut at i 66 Valencia street last Mon
day evening, was the paving of that prom
im nt thoroughfare. A petition containing
over 600 names will be presented to the
Supervisors asking that bitumen may take
the place of the uneven stones that dis
figure the most important street in the
Mission district. Secretary Harrison of
the association reported a wrecked
at Army street and Potrero avenue was
making a malaria-breeding pond in that
vicinity. . .
Messrs. d'Artenay and Wynne reported
thai Manager Vining had no intention of
taking the cable cars off Twenty-fourth
street and operating the Howard street
cars on Twenty-sixth street. It is the in
tention of the railroad company to change
the Howard street cable system to an
electric line. Jf it be decided to run the
Sixth street line down Post from Taylor
to Montgomery it will be the means of
bastening the reconstruction of the entire
Post street system. It is contemplated
by the company to change the Sansome
and Montgomery street horse systems to
trolleys.
The Outpost was made the official organ
of the Mission Business Men's Association.
and Secretary Harrison, its editor and
publisher, put under salary.
In the future the association will meet
every Monday night in Mission Turn Ve
rein Hall on Eighteenth street, between
Valencia and Guerrero.
GRAND JURORS AFTER
THE SCHOOL DIRECTORS
EXPERT DUNN INVESTIGATES
SOME OLD ACCOUNTS.
Differences Found Between the Books
of the Board and the Records
of the Auditor's Office.
i Expert Dunn of the Grand Jury is com
i j paring the acounts of the School Depart- ;
i mont with the books in the Auditor's of
-1 flee. Discrepancies have been found be- |
1 tween the books of the department and j
i those of the Auditor that promise much j
> for the investigating: body.
I j Since the members of the jury assumed
i their duties they have shown an anxiety
I to lay bare the rascality of the last Board j
i of Education. All they have asked for
i was a clew that would place them upon
» the right trail, and they promised to fol- '
i low it until some one guilty of malfea- ,
i sance in office was exposed. The members
. intimate that the present clew is a j
i warm one and that sensational develop- j
1 menta may be expected if indications are j
I ! to count for anything. "-;..
I 1 Auditor Wells placed all the records of j
l his office at the disposal of the inquisi
torial body. In addition, he volunteered 1
. his own services to unearth any double
dealing that resulted in loss to the city.
It is expected that Expert Dunn will be
prepared to make a progressive report at
1 the meeting of the Grand Jury to-morrow.
i —•-.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Samuel Matthews, a cattleman of Sa
linas, is at the Russ.
Thomas Hpr.rks, Postmaster of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
J. Wells Smith, a Denver mining man,
is a gm .st at the Palace.
P.. P>. McGinnis, a Hanford merchant, is
a late arrival at the Lick.
Isadora Lowenthal, a business man of
Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
W. T. Smith, a merchant of Elko, Ne
vada, is a guest at the Palace.
J. H. Heinborn, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, is staying at the California.
j. p. Diggs, an extensive land owner of
Woodland, is located at the Grand.
James W. Minturn, a rancher of Min
turn, is one of the guests at the Palace.
George F. Willis, a cattle raiser of In
dependence, Yolo County, is at the Russ.
J. Haslacher and wife of Oakdale are
here on a pleasure trip and are registered
at the California.
George H. Macy of New York has en
gaged rooms at the Palace and is accom
! panied by his wife, son and daughter.
George C. Turner, chief engineer of the
> Stockton water works, came down for a
short stay and is registered at the Grand.
H. Irish, a prominent business man of
Santa Cruz, and C. A. Campbell, a Red
Bluff merchant, are among the arrivals at
the Grand.
Dr. F. Ziesrfeld, president of the CHi
cago Musical College, returned yesterday
from Monterey with his wife and regis
ter, ri at the Palace. The institution over
which he presides is the largest in the
j world, and at present is educating 2500
I btudents.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 7.— George H.
Maxwell of San Francisco is at the Hol
land: D. J. Medbury of San Francisco ia
at the Netherland; O. W. Barrett of Los
Angeles is at the Imperial; \V. H. Smith
of San Francisco is at the Vendome;
Charles B. Pratt of San Francisco is at
the Manhattan.
. ♦ »
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 7.— Hon. Victor
Metcalf left Jor home after a pleasant
visit of a week in AVashington. Senator
Perkins will remain here about one week
and Mr. Loud several weeks. Repre
sentative De Vrles went to Philadelphia
to-day and will return to-morrow and
leave immediately for home.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS, j
THE OAKLAND— P. 11., City. The i
ferry boat Oakland was built on the Oak- ;
land shore in 1873 specially for the Oak
land and San Francisco ferry service. The
vessel was never engaged in the Sacra
mento River service.
SAN FRANCISCO AND HONGKONG—
C. T., City. The steamers of the Pacific
Mail line, plying between this city and
Hongkong, usually occupy seventy days
in making the round trip, including stop
page, the longest being ten days at
Hongkong. If the trip is by way of Hon
olulu there is a detention of about twen
ty-four hours at that place, the same at
Yokohama, twelve hours at Kobe, twenty
four hours at Nagasaki, twenty-four
hours at Shanghai and the time stated at
Hongkong.
HANDKERCHIEF FLIRTATION—
W. T.I Sacrai#T.to, Cal. This department
has found matter relating to "stamp flir
tation," "flower flirtation" and other
nonsensical modes of flirtation, but noth
ing on "handkerchief flirtation." If a man
has anything to say to a girl he should !
have the courage to speak to her and not !
resort to the swinging of handkerchiefs,
the placing of stamps in particular posi
tions on letters or making up a combina
tion of flowers. The girl may not under- i
stand what is meant.
PROTESTANT AND CATHOLIC— W.
H. X., city. The question, "Are there
more Protestant than Roman Catholic
people in the United States?" is one that
can be answered only if the correspondent
will be more explicit in what he means
by the word "Protestant." The adherents
of Luther are the Protestants in the re
stricted sense, while all Christian denom
inations that differ from the Church of I
Rome are Protestants in the general I
sense. If the correspondent will state, I
what he wants to know the answer will
.be glvca.
HEALTH BOARD
WILL MAINTAIN
QUARANTINE
Claims It Represents
the State.
RESPONSIBLE TO THE PEOPLE
CONTINUES IN OPPOSITION TO
FEDERAL AUTHORITIES.
Secertary Dunne Ordered to Frame *
New ordinance Regulating the
Swab Test in Cases of
Diphtheria.
The Board of Health of this city at a
special and secret meeting on Monday
evening determined that it was the duty
of the board to maintain its quarantine
service. By a recent decision of the Su
perior Court it was held that the Federal
law providing for a fiuarantine service
superseded the State law. This legislated
Dr. Chalmers, the State official, out. of
office.
The court held that the quarantine of
ficial appointed by the Tnited States Gov
ernment had jurisdiction over for
eign vessels entering this port. It
was determined to appeal from this
decision. The members claim they are
held responsible for the health of the
city and that it would not become them
to neglect so potent a factor in the dis
semination of disease germs as vessels
from foreign ports could be. If a plaguo
was spread here the people would hold
the board responsible.
The Quarantine Department will he
maintained r.ntil the matter shall have
been finally adjusted.
The Ma'noncy case was discussed in all
its bearings. 'This is the one in which
it was decided by the court that the or
dinance requiring the swab test in casea
of diphtheria applied to suspected
only and not to those where the, aisease
wa.s known to exist. Secretary Dunne.
was instructed to frame a new ordinance
correcting the defect in the present one.
The members of the board believe the
swab test must be enforced to preserve
the health of the children.
Dr. J. Crowley whs appointed an f>x
terne to the polyelinic ward, City ana
County Hospital.
Walter Fox was appointed night watcn
man at thf> Almshouse.
Fred Ruddock was appointed night
watchman at the Twenty-sixth Street
Hospital— the Festhouse.
Miss Nellie F. Wynne and Mrs. Ellen,
Swott matrons at the Park Emergency
Hospital, bad their former salaries re
stored. They were reduced from ?w to
|50 at the January meeting.
The faculty of Cooper Medical College
recommended as internes at the City and
County Hospital for a period of nir^
months commencing January 1. 18?9. Jule
B. Frankenheimer. John A. Lane and
Frr>d O. Pryor. The faculty reports them
as having 'passed all examinations in a
creditable manner.
Fast Oriental Mails.
There is a chance to beat the record In
re-plying to letters from New Zealand and
Australia. The Fteamer Alameda from
Australia is due to arrive March S. Re
plies can be written and returned by the
steamer Gaelic, s-ailing March 9 at 11
h. m., Intercepting :he Australian si araer
from Vancouver at Honolulu. Thi is a
result of the recent transfer arrangements
made at Honolulu — otherwise letters
would have to be held from the 9th to the
22d, or until the departure of the Alameda.
Half Interest Deal.
Felix Galindo, 1380 California street,
swore to a complaint before Acting Police
Judge Barry yesterday charging Robert
Klrschner with obtaining money by false
pretenses. February 16 Galindo paid
Kirschner $200 for a half interest in his
bakery at 918 Larkin street on his repre
sentations that the business was paying
$20 daily and that he had a lease for three
years at a rental of $30 per month. Oalin<i.-»
now alleges that both of these representa
tions were false.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
ANOTHER FELLOW.
"Wno captured that prisoner?" asked
one officer.
"That's not the question,"answered the
other, who had absorbed some exagger
ated impressions from recent events.
"What we're waiting to find out is who
captures the glory."— Washington Star.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic reg
ulates the Bowels and is tha best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
ether causes. For tale by Druggists in evsry
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winalow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottU.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays*. Tuesday*
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestlbuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company*
office. 628 Market st. *
HOTEL DXL COItON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $80 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 1 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Maxy causes induce gray hair, but Parker's
air Balsam brings back the youthful color.
11 j> jjkkcohns. the best cur» lor corns. IK at*
NOTHING SPOILED.
"You don't mean to say, colonel, that
while you had your regiment at the front
it never got any of the spoils of war?"
"Absolutely none, sir. I overlooked the
commissariat myself, and I'll swear that
the regiment never was served with an
ounce of embalmed beef."— Philadelphia
Record.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Lost flesh lately?
Does your brain tire?
Losing control over your
nerves?
Are your muscles becom-
ing exhausted?
You certainly know the
remedy. It is nothing new;
just th-: same remedy that
has been curing these cases
of thinness and paleness for
twenty-five years. Scott's
Emulsion. The cod-liver
oil in it is the food that
makes the flesh, and the hy-
pophosphites give tone to
the nerves.
50c. and $i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Cbcmbu, K«w Yodfc
—HALF A MILLION
TIED UP IN AN
OVERDUE SHIP
Products of California
Belated.
REINSURANCE ON ALCIDES
NO ONE APPEARS TO WANT
THE TEMPTING OFFER.
Narrow Escape of Three Sailors of
the British Ship Olivebank — Lu
ella Beats the Point Arena
in a Race.
Judging from the rate of reinsurance
raid on vessel and cargo, the English un
derwriters do not like the chances of the
British ship Alcides for making port in
safety overmuch. Judging the matter,
however, from the facts in the case, and
the vessel does not appear to be overdue,
hor is there anything to warrant the pay
ment of 40 per cent reinsurance, unless
the owners and agents in London have
Information of some disaster that has not
yet reached San Francisco.
Here are the facts in the case. The
British ship Alcinous sailed from San
Francisco for Liverpool on September 2S,
IS9B. The Guiseppe sailed for Cork on j
October 6, the Clan Graham for Liverpool j
on October 14, the Alcides for London on J
October 17. the Waterloo for London on j
October 21 end the Clackmannanshire j
from Astoria for Cork on November 17,
IS?*.
The Waterloo passed Prawle Point on
her way to London on the sth lnst. and \
the Clackmannanshire arrived at Lim- \
crick on the 6th inst. Out of the fleet men- |
tioned these are the only vessels that
have made port, and of the others the i
Clan Graham is out three, the Guiseppe j
eleven and the Alcinous nineteen days
longer than the Alcides, but these vessels
are not quoted in the overdue market,
while 40 per cent reinsurance is being •
paid on the Alcides.
The Alcides sailed from this port with
one of the most valuable cargoes ever j
■ shipped from California in a sailing ves
sel. It consisted of canned goods, bar
ley, wine, salmon, beans and other mer
chandise valued at nearly half a million ;
dollars. The shipment of canned fruit j
alone was valued at $219,297, and was as i
follows:
Shipper. No. Cases. Value.
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Co.. 4&4 12,00")
California Fruit Evaporating
Company 500 1.40*1
Field & Stone Company 4.500 13,500
Sacramento Packing and Dry
ins Company 500 4. W0
California Canneries Company.. 5.475 16.500
Girvtn .v Eyre 3.554 11,000
Pacific Krutt Packing Co 1.750 5.250
H. A. Williams & Co 3.159 9,567
Charles W. Pike & Co 1.000 4.0U0
J. K. Armsby & Co 4./550 13,825
J^hn H. Boden & Co 5,7*5 14,160
Catton. 801 l & Co 2*5 555
Otis. McAllister & Co 1.263 4.146
. C. B. Hollywood 1.100 3,305
Fontana * Co 12.670 88,010 I
.San Jose Fruit Packing Co 14.671 64.109 j
Totals 64,441 . J215.627
For Leicester— j
John If. Boden & Co 130 * 4 '"< ,
11. A. Williams & Co 65 • 195
For Bristol—
If. A. Williams & Co 3 10
The English markets are very poorly >
tupplied with American canned fruit,
and tho shipments of the Alcides have ,
been anxiously looked for.
Besides the canned fruit, the Alcides
carries 33,013 centals of barley, valued at
$44,000; 42.5.M4 pounds of beans, valued at
$13 000; 112 cases of canned asparagus. 320
tacks of cascara grada bark, 100 cases
of sardines, 11,203 cases of salmon and
10 000 gallons of wine. All in all, it is a ,
very valuable cargo, and no one blames
ihf" underwriters for being anxious; but
still; 40 per cent is a big price to pay in ;
order to be on the safe side. •
The German ship Marie Hackfeld uad ;
a very rough me of it last month, and a
-number of other vessels that were sup
posed to be in about the same latitude and
longitude as the Alcides should be suf- ,
fered in tempests, and that is about all i
there is to base the reinsurance on.
Abe Marks. Frank Helmquist and Seu
der Oien. three sailors on the British ship
Olivebank. had a narrow escape for their
lives yesterday. The vessel is lying In the
stream, and the men were in a punt
alongside chipping the iron rust off the
sides. The chafing cut the rope that held
the punt, and the men went adrift. The
Olive-bank's boat was ashore and the men
left aboard could not hear the cries of the
castaways. The tide carried the punt
down toward Alcatraz. and. there Captain
Stofen of the Government steamer Mc-
Dowell saw the men's predicament and
went to their assistance. The back wash
from the steamer capsized and sank the
punt, and the men were left struggling in
the water A boat was lowered and they
were rescued. On the return trip of the
McDowell they were put aboard the Olive-
Th*» new steamer Luella and the good
old • tr.d-by Point Arena had a race to
Point Arena last trip. They both left
Mission-street wharf at 4 p. m. last Satur
day and went at full speed until Point
Arena was reached. The Luella beat her
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA ON NOSE
For 9 Years Cured by CUTICURA
in a Short Time After
Five Doctors Failed.
I have suffered for nine year? with sores in
rry nope I consulted with a first-class doctor
and he told me it was fever sore that would
toon raes away. I had four doctors treat me
for nn=e trouble, but without seeming to do
any rood. My trouble was so bad my husband
d*cld«cl that i should go to New York City and
p. treated The b/st doctor in the city for
nose eye and throsA told mo I had eczema in
the worst form, and I must stay and B 'l treated
t'.ree times a week. I did not seem to get any
relief, £0 my husband sent for me to come
home While I was home I decided to try
rUTICURA REMEDIES. I got CUTICURA
FOAP CUTICURA (ointment) and CUTICURA
RESOLVENT, and I was surprised to find it
was but a short time when my nose was all
veil MRS- C. S. VAN POSTRAND.
Point o' Woods, Bay Shore. L. I.
April 25, IS9B.
HEAD A SOLID SORE
From a very small girl I had a breaking out
en my head every spring, which would become
a solid scab. Finally my father procured a box
of CUTICURA (ointment), a cake of CUTI-
CURA SOAP ana a bottle of CUTICL RA RE-
SOLVENT. I have never boon troubled with
Bi ne™ NORAH B. HANNA,
Aj) . Mount Vernoa, Ark.
CUTICURA
Begins With the Blood and Ends
With the Skin and Scalp.
That is to say it purifies the blood and cir-
rtilatlng ■ (hlid* of HUMOR GERMS, and thus
removes the cause, while warm baths with
. CtrTICURA SOAP, and gentle anointings with
OUTICURA (ointment), greatest of emollient
skin our.-.- cleanse the skin and scalp or crusts
and scales, allay itching, burning and inflani-
r-.ation and - ,the and heal. Thus arc speed-
ily, permanently and economically cured the
most torturing, disfiguring and humiliating hu-
mors of the skin,, scalp and blood, wi.h loss
of hair, when the -at physicians and all Other
remedies fall.
" Sold throughout the world. POTTER- DRUG
AND CHEMICAL CORP., Sole Props., Boston.
VHow to Cure Every Humor," free.
.... ' . . . ' . . . .... * i
CAVE VAIID HA ID by warm shampoos with.
bA>£ IULn uAiK cuxicuba soap. 1
BOUND FOR LONDON DIRECT.
APTAIN DART of the Alcides expects to make one of the quickest runs of the season home. His vessel
C—> carries a cargo valued at nearly half a million, and as all the articles are wanted in the English mar
ket every day gained adds to their value. The entire cargo of the big vessel is of California production.
tFrom The Call of October 18, 1895.)
rival into port an hour, and her owners
are jubilant in consequence.
Considerable alterations and repairs are
being made to the transport Australia,
and it will be fully three w.;eks before
she will be ready to start for Manila, She
will carry troops and a small quantity
of supplies.
Pacific Coast Directory.
The Merchants' Publishing (""mpany.
632 Mark- r street, has just Issued a I\i
ciflc Coast Business Directory fo:
containing a classified list of the mer
chants, manufacturers. a£«its and all
professional people of British Columbia
and all the States and Territories west pi
?he Missouri River. it is strong y
bound in half-leather, printed in Plain
type on thick white paper. Its price at
retail is 17
Concert Postponed.
Mr-. Elizal •;h Mowry's ' :1 'r! wl
nlace Wednesday evening. March 15. "■
irch 8 will be honored. Tickets at Ban
Francisco Musk- Company.
Petition for a New School Site.
A bulky petition was filed with the Su
pervisors yesterday, asking that Lowell
High School be provided for on the half
block of land owned by the city on the
north side of Sacramento street, between
Gough and Octavia streets. It was urged
that the present site was available for a
primary or a grammar school.
■ » »
Mrs S. R. Hall. 10 Kearny. Opening of
our beautiful imported hats to-day. •
Tax Collector Sheehan Busy.
Tax :an and his men are
working the longest hours known in the
ry of th^ office, namely, from 8:30
a m till 5 p. m.. and in the evening from
7to 10:30. The work is behind, and the
force of men being smaller than usual
necessitates the extra service. For this
the men receive no additional compen
sation am! already grumbling
at the long hours.
Anakesis cutls Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address New York. *
CRUELLY RAWHIDED.
Little Teresa M. Boutwell, the Victim of
Her Elder Sister's Wrath.
THE Bhrieks of a child in groat pain were heard yesterday at 2524 Mission ■
Street, and a few seconds later ;i little girl rushed to the sidewalk fol- ♦
lowed by a young woman, who was beating her in a most shocking man- *5
ncr with a rawhide. Notwithstanding the indignant protests of those who 2.
gathered around the woman sho continued her inhuman use of the whip, un-
til compelled to stop by passers-by. gj
The whip-wielding sister (a Mrs. Neva Jack Crose, said to be the divorced ♦
Wife of i soldier in Battery Bof the First California Volunteers. Sho >A
claims to be a writer for some magazine. The motherless girl le 11 years ♦
of age. Their father is George Henry Boutwell, a veterinary aurgeon. be- •»
Ueved to be in Los Angeles or Kansas City. ♦
A little over a year ago Mrs. Crose took charge of Teresa and pince •'
then has compelled her to do all of the housework. In the office of the so- *
clety the little girl, who is remarkably intelligent, told a story of cruelty 88
that is not often equaled even in the experience of the society. It was ♦
a tale of hard work in the house from early in the morning until late at *P
night with only kicks and cuffs, varied by beatings with a rawhide for a X
-eward This is confirmed by the neighbors, who have for a lons time threat-
ened to bring the case to the attention of the authorities, but feared the &
PU "It would not b»ve lasted much longer," remarked the poor child to Of- 88
fleer Murray "I ha«l just about reached the end. and before taking an- ♦
other rawhldinff I would put myself out of her way. I would have poured
coal oil over myself and burned up. Oh, I know it would have been very tf
painful, but then It could have lasted only a few minutes and then all would ♦
have been over forever." *^
The cause 0< V'« beating was the trivial fact that the child had Z.
not learned her lessons and was sent .home from school. •£
An examination showed that there were few parts of the little one's body g$
that had escaped thf cruel weapon. Welts and bruises mark the girl from ♦
her head to her feet. < »ne savage cut has marred the temple, and the Jg
wrists thighs and lower limbs are shocking to behold. +
Mrs. Crose admitted bavins beaten her sister, but saw no harm in it so
long as there were no bones broken. •
THE. SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 8, 1899.
EFFECTS OF
PRIMARY LAW
IN POLITICS
Subject Being Widely
Discussed.
WILL TEND TOWARD PURITY.
OUTLINE OF THE MOST SALIENT
POINTS.
All Parties Will Be Compelled to
Elect Delegates to Their
Conventions at the
Same Time.
With the announcement in The Call yes
terday that it was the purpose of the
Non-Partisans to have the Stratton prim
ary law declared invalid, if it was within
the range, of possibility, discussion of that
ree'eived a fresh and marked im
petus. Politicians of all parties and of all
b took np the subject and rndeav
ored to ascertain its probahle results, so
far as the local situation Is concerned.
As a general proposition the law was
commended as being conducive to pure
politics and to the destruction of the
power of the bosses.
The law has many new and wide-reach
ing provisions, and differs radically from
the old Porter primary election law, which
it repeals. In order that the' voter may
obtain a general knowledge of this inno
vation in political matters, an outline is
herewith givtn of some of the most sa
lient features of the Stratton law, with
comment here and there to point out
wherein it differs most widely from the
practices heretofore adopted in creating
political conventions.
Should the new primary law withstand
the assaults that are already being
planned against it. it will be the first time
in the history of the United States that
primary elections are made compulsory
to preserve party organizations. This is
considered the most important feature of I
the new statute. It is made absolutely com
pulsory that delegates to party nominating
conventions be elected at primaries to
be held under regulations prescribed by
the law it' the candidates are to retain
their party designations on the ballots.
Heretofore it was at the option of the
various party organizations to hold prim
aries for the selection of delegates or to
appoint them in any manner they might
deem lit. Candidates nominated in any
other manner than by delegates electi 1
at the primary will not be entitli
their party designation on the official
ballot utt-d during the election proper.
Four kinds of primaries are provided
for. based on the political divisions of the
State. State primaries will be held for se
lecting delegates to conventions at which
public officers will be nominated for .
whom the electors of the entire State will !
vote. iMstrlct primaries will be the means
of ( noosing delegates to conventions
at which Congressmen, members of the i
Board of Equalization, Railroad Commis
sioners, Senators or Assemblymen will bo.
nominated. District primaries will be
hi Id for legislative conventions only when
the legislative district comprises" more
than one county. I,ocal primaries will be I
held for delegates to conventions to nor- J
mate candidates for county or city and
county officers, Supervisors, townshirJ
- and legislators representing riis
tricts wholly within one county. City pri
maries will be held for delegates to con- i
ventions which will nominate candidates
for city or town officers. The nominating
thus organized will be known re
spectively as State, district, local and city '.
conventions.
These primary elections are to be con
ducted, managed and controlled as to se
lection ot precinct officers, u.-r of great
registers and supplements thereto, print- i
ing and us. of ballots, ascertainment of
results, and all other details, in the same !
manner as are elections for State and all j
other officers, except as otherwise pro
vided in the law.
Only as many ballots shall be printed
for each primary election precinct as
there are names appearing on the regis
ter or the supplements thereto of persons '
entitled to vote.
No compensation is allowed to precinct
election officers, who will consist of an
Inspector, two judges, two dorks and on.?
ballot clerk for each precinct. No person
shall be compelled to serve as a prlmary
precinct election officer more than once
In two years.
All State, district and local primaries
shall be under the control of the Elec
tion Commissioners of the respective
counties, and shall be a charge on the
funds of the county. City primaries shall
be under the control, of the governing
bodies of the respective cities or towns,
and shall be a charge on the city or
town. Certificates shall be issued to the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PREPARE for the turn of life. It is a critical period. .
As indications of the change appear be sure your physi- ■
cal condition is good. The experience is a wonderful
one and under some circumstances full of menace. Mrs. Pink-
i ham, of Lynn, Mass., will give you her advice without charge.
She has done so much /or women,
_*- - mMtm, mmmm^mm surely you can trust her. Read
MMlLb€*& WWttH this letter from Mrs. M. C. Grif-
am AAM *%&* king, of Georgeville, Mo. :
WOIVmMIw Or "Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— The
BJB a anna ' a? «^tr> doctor called my trouble ulcera-
BwMtWLmL £%%XuL tion of womb and change of life.
■ : 1 I was troubled with profuse flow-
ing and became very weak. When I wrote to you I was down
in bed, had lot sat up for six months; was under a doctor's
treatment all the time, but it did me no good. I had almost
given up in despair, but your Vegetable Compound has made
me feel like a new woman. I cannot thank you enough. I
would advise ""*"" —oman who is afflicted as I have been to
in yours and he got me a bottle : am now on my fourth bottle.
I feel that I am entirely cured. I can work all day. I can hardly
realize that such a wonderful cure is possible. Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound is the best medicine for women."
Don't wait until you are prostrated with the mysterious con-
dition known as "Change of Life." Get Mrs. Pinkham 's ad*
,Mcofla4.lc«mAw^qt-^omeQ^owhr,Qugh^,
elected delegates by the Election Com
missioners or the governing body of the
city or town.
Heretofore primaries were absolutely
controlled by the party holding them, the
precinct officers were usually paid with
political promises, all the expenses of the
primary were paid by the political or
ganization holding the same and the
whclc proceeding was generally viewed as
a farce, played to delude the honest
voter.
All political parties entitled to party
designation on the ballots for the regular !
election are to be entitled to the same j
privileges on the primary election baJlots,
after nling the proper papers with the
Secretary of State. On the governing
committees of the various political parties !
will fall the duty of apportioning- the dele
gates. Should there be any failure to j
make such apportionment by the commit
tee the power is given to the election com
missioners to do so.
State, district and local primaries are to
be held on the second Tuesday of August
of the year In which the election for
State, district or county officers is to be
held. City primaries will be held on the
sixth Tuesday next preceding the election
for city or town officers.
Fifteen days' notice by publication in a
newspaper must be given of the primary
elections.
The balloting will be on the Australian
plan. Names for delegates may be writ
ten on the primary ballot with pen or
pencil, or may be pasted upon it. Voters
can vote for as many delegates as their
party is entitled to in the precinct, but
ballots must nut be marked with the
names of delegates to more than one con
vention. Ballots which show that a voter
has marked a mixed ticket will be disre
garded. All the named marked must be
long to one party.
All persons entitled to vote at a regular
election shall be entitled to vote at the
primary. No other qualification can be
exacted. This does away with the pledge
to support the party ticket, heretofore In
vogue at primaries.
Registration of voters must be made
possible at least sixty-five days before the
•primary election.
A majority of the delegates chosen shall
be a quorum cf the convention.
Then to make more emphatic the com
pulsory character of the law there is this
provision, which is considered as a hard
blow at "piece clubs":
"No convention shall be recognized as
in law entitled to make nominations un
less the delegates thereto were elected
under and by virtue of the provisions of
this act. 1 '
Persons chosen to act as primary elec
tion officers who shall willfully fail or re
fuse to act shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor and shall be punished by a
fine of not less than $50 and not more than
£200, or by imprisonment for not less than
five days nor more than twenty days, or
by both line and imprisonment. All acts
declared to be offenses against the gen
eral election laws are made offenses
against the primary election law, with
the stme penalties attached.
Chairman A. J. Raisch of the Republi
can County Central Committee was en
thusiastic in his expectations of what the
new primary law is to accomplish in the
vviiv if purifying political methods.
"I believe ;t la a very good thiny." he j
paid, "and will tend to purify political i
practices. It will r>»> an incentive to every
citizen to work and vote at the primaries
with the object of having good people rep
resent them at the i onventions.
"As 1 understand this law. the primaries
of all the parties will be held at the same
time and everybody who Is qualified to
vote at all will be permitted to vote at
the primary. This will give the people the
opportunity to select the best men to rep
resent them r.t the conventions, flereto
fore the men e? acted at primaries were put
up by the political tricksters, and the
convi ntlons would be controlled by the
bosses and cliques or a few persons in the
district who were really .t disgrace to the i
people. The primary ticket would be I
made up frequently of persons who were
unknown to the decent voters of the pre
cinct, and in many cases they did not ev< n
reside in the district. Under the new law ,
all this will be changed."
Seth Mann, chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee, was no less
sparing of good words for the proposed
reform.
"Alter reading the new primary law
over several times." he remarked, "I !
came to the conclusion that it la as good
a system as can be devised for the pur
if a compulsory primary election. !
! The law has been drafted in such a way
as to avoid all thf tloi s which were
; mentioned in the decision of the Supreme
Court when the Stratton primary.
law was declared Invalid. It has been
very carefully drawn and in stub a way
as to preserve all the rights of the differ- ;
ent political parties. It has passed the
close scrutiny of many able lawyers and
of many experienced and astute politi
cians. I think it would be very much to
be regretted if the Supreme Court should
for any reason decide it to be unconsti
; tutional."
"What effect will this new law have on
the local election this full?" he> was
asked.
"It must necessarily depend upon the
political activity of the citizens "of San
: Francisco, Hitherto the complaint has
been made, i id waa justified, that it was
neither pleasant nor safe for citizens to
vote at primaries, but under the protec
tion of this primary law, which provides
, for* the Australian ballot system, it will
be p» fleetly saf>- for citizens to go to the
! booths and cjisU their votes for delegates
Ito the convention of their party. There
fore no public-spirited citizen can longer
have any excuse for not participating in
the primaries."
"What will he the effect on boS3 rule?"
"I think it will tend more than any
thing else." replied Mr. Mann, "to pro
duce a convention representative of the
people of the city, provided the people go
to the polls and vote. If they don't tho
results will be the same as in the past.
The only thing the Legislature can do is
to furnish the means by which the citi
zens can protect themselves against the
machinations of the bosses. If they do
not see fit to take advantage of the law
provided in such cases then they are the
only ones to blame."
Should the Btratton law remain on the
statute book the primary for the first
election under the charter will be held
August 8 and registration will begin on
June 5, or within less than three months
from this time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
today
friday and Saturday
millinery
■
opening
937 to 947 Market Street.
"rich millinery — moderately priced J^
Do You Need a Spring Tonic?
AVOID MALARIA AND WASTING DISEASES.
ft Restores )V| Refreshes
Cm MARIAWI
s||g| Sustains | JW I Strengthens
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Send for book of
endorsements and portraits free. MARIAN! & CO.. 52 W. Fifteenth street. New York.
rf*?s^s^*w I w '^' jruarantee
JgjjgHffuMk that my Kheutuatism
i^a^^g^^ Cure will relieve lum-
p^r^*^^^^ra. baso. sriatica and all
48 4*Sl rheumatic pains in
Sf iiiii iiaaaff two or *h ree hours,
W &&& an( cure in a few
i/pitfc ^^_ At *11 druggists,
•^jb^^^^^k 2>!ic - a Tial - Guide
vij[b>r*^3BßEsSf*§£y to Health and medi-
*^l I t%? cal adrice free.
' 1 « 1505 Arch st. PhUa.
* For the Best $10 Suit
to order you must go to ( >
JOE POHEIM. |!
For $25 you can get a i[
fine, well made and well ',
trimmed suit at ]i
JOE POHEIM'S. ; :
Will cost elsewhere $40. ]'
All-wool, styl'sh-cut i|
Pants to order from $4 i,
JOE POHEIM'S,
1 ! 201-203 Montiiomepy St., Cor. Bush (
) 1110-IH2 Mnriift St., 8. F. "l
Doctor
fSSiff^^'^ F iVI ETV CDC
tf&l *<B£&siSL Specialists for Men
v ~^Sr" i^^^curlng weakneas and <?on-
\\ Bi tracttd aliments «inre 16W1.
! ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. Tho^cfrSffhom..
Thousuida cured at bomt,
All letters confidential. > 0 Charge for Consultation.
731 KffBAS(?ISCO l^'^'r Entrance.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
Offenbach" 8 Mythological Work,
LA BELLE HELENE!
(BEAUTIFUL, HELEN.)
BROUGHT UP TO DATE.
Next— Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera, ''THE
PRETTY POACHER."
MATINEE SATURDAY, at 2 P. M.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee.... 2sc
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OF>ER« COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
Repertoire, first week— March 13, "•Faust,"
Melba; March 14, "Alda," debut of Gadski;
March 15. "La Boheme," with Melba and debut
of De Lussan: March 16, double bill, •'Caval-
leria Rustlcana" and "I Pa«Uaccl.' Gadskl and
debut of Chalia; March 17. "Carmen, De Lua-
san and Gadskl; March IS, matinee. Barber of
Seville," Melba. ■- : T _ ,
The sale of single seats for the first six per-
formances now progressing at the box office of
the Grand Opera House. Prices of reserved
Beats. $6, $4, $3, $2, according to location.
SPECIAL '.—BEATS ORDERED AND NOT
CALLED FOR WILL NOT BE HELD
LATER THAN THURSDAY EVENING.
■I CONCEBTS AND JBESOBTS.
rHITTCC iVn 7Ant EVERY AFTERNOON
CHUTES AND ZUU! and kvknino
TO-MORROW (Thnnd»y)— NIGHT.
AMATEUR CAKE WALK!
RESERVED SEATS ON : ALE AT THE EM-
PORIUM.
See the LIVING OSSIFIED MAN!
AUSTRALIAN IGUANAS In the ZOO!
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children. So.
STEEPLECHASE
CENTRAL FARE, Eighth and Market.
THOUSANDS DAILY RIDE THE "GRAVITY-
HORSES."
Extra Attractions To-day, as follows: Royal
and Imperial Japanese Troupe of Acrobats,
High Divers and Swimmers; Pigeon "Fuse
Shootins" Gallery, Direct From France: Vos-
I mer the Aeronaut, in Thrilling Mid-air Per-
i Shooting" Daily from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m.
mer tho Aeronaut. In Thrilling Ml'l-air Per-
formances. Open Daily from 1 p. m to 11 p. in.
Jf AdjjUfislps. laqludlna? "Horses*' ' Qi^y 100,
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
every evening, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
—AND THE
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL CO.
IN
FANNY DAVENPORT'S PRODUCTION
Of Sardou's Great Pla?
LA TOSC A
Next "FEDORA "
Coming— The Famous Original BOSTONIAN3.
(Manila SPECIAL !
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO. ANNOUNCE fop
FRIDAY and Ma rr h Ifl and 11
SATURDAY, MarCH IU ana 11.
Return Engagement of
SOUSA JL
And His Band.
THREE SPECIAL PROGRAMMES.
FRIDAY EVENING WAGNER
SATURDAY MATINEE BALL ROOM
SATURDAY EVENING SOUSA
All the solnlfits. Reserved seat sale now going
on. Box Office. California Theater.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.) MARCH 8.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony. 10c; children.
10c, any part.
Id GREAT NEW CARDS. ALL HITS— I 9
Imported Direct From Europe.
THE TWINS MARCO,
Famous Eccentrlque Comiques.
OLA HAYDEN, Phenomenal Girl Barytone.
3 FORTUNIS BROS., Comedy Acrobats.
NEVINS' ACROBATIC MONKEYS AND
CLOWN BABOONS.
HAYDEN AND HETHERTON. Comedy
Sketch Artists.
Last Week of CORA TANNER AND LOUI3
MASBEN, in "My Husband's Model."
THE HULINES AND THE FOUR EDDTS.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
A Distinct and Unequivocal Success !
Every Night This Week.
LONDON'S LATEST FARCE HIT.
A MAN
WITH
A PAST !
PRICES -- • -_•_• 15c, 25c, 35c, 59c
Next-"A SOCIAL HIGHWAYMAN." :
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Under the Management of Holden, MacDonaldl
and Kllgo.
EVERY EVENING—
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
— AND—
OUR NEW EASTERN STOCK COMPANY.
Receive. l nightly with the utmost enthusiasm
by crowded houses.
Prices of admission 1(V, 15c, 25c. 85<S
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
. ALL HIGH-GRADE ARTISTS.
The Great Eastern Comedy Stars,
SHERMAN and MORRISEY
The Comedy Acrobats.
VOULETTE AND CARLOS.
The Most Clever of Equilibrists.
Last Week of the Prime Favorite,
....QUEFtITA VINCENT....
'New Songs and Dances.
TEN ATTRACTIVE FEATURES.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
*«VSI§SP*"-" "*^»a J? me<ly « for Gonorrhea.
Gleet. Spermatorrhoea!
/SsSy In 1 to i dm. V Whitet, unnatural dis*
tSJmf Oc»j»ou«4 |g chargei, or any lnflamma--
fi*wH not to iirtcinre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
j> *gPr«Tcso coDi*eton. tion of mucous mem-
WjS«rHFEvAMS CheMICmCo. Iran's. Non-MtringenU
'tags* cinc!muti,o HH Sold by »*■«:**«•.
X9^k. C.3. a JWB ? r Bent in plain wrapper,
Js^^*J^\^^ by express prepaid, fo#
78
CO M M ERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
• dull.
v futures unsettled.
Brm but quiet.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
md higher.
•s of Hay.
tngs firm.
■ mlons weak.
■ again. Eggs steady.
ore cars of Eastern Poultry In
. to Eastern Peach crop.
. mges in light supply.
rutt well cleaned up.
Provisions quiet.
Wool dead.
j'.,r.i well cleaned up.
M,  • rally weaker.
inchanged.
Increased receipts of Wine and Brandy.
•Exchange lower.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
during the first two months of the year were
as follows, compared with the same time last
year: Of Wine. 3,951.000 gallons, axain.-t 3.065.
-000--of Brandy. 7fi J 7W_gallons, against 74,930.
PEACH CROP DEAD.
Mail advices rom New York say of the
'Top:
orts from all States except Michigan
are discouraging. Peach growers in Georgia
Fay the crop is probably entirely mined. Last
veur Georgia's output of Peaches was 2500
car.. This year. Judging from present f PP'fJ"
ances. there will not be a carload in the en
tire State Delaware growers say substantial-
Iv the =ame thinK- New Jersey is more or
ffil^S Sough it Is impossible to cay
now serious the damage is. Michigan grow
erßiarejmore hopeful. They say their trees
will stand more cold th*n any other variety and
that in all probability the crop will be about
„, large as usual. Maryland growers are
mourning the loss of this year's crop and proh
ably Irreparable damage to the trees so
Dosltive are they that the loss Is practically
tota! that, peculators have begrun buying
,-anried peaches in Baltimore, and prices ape
ndvanc-lng California benefits most by the
freeze Canners and driers will receive much
higher prices for their products as a conse
quence .if the widespread cold.
"The consensus 01 opinion as gleaned from
leading fruit growers who visit Dover from
a ;i parts of th? State, is that the peach crop
In Delaware is dead. The leading peach
growers of this section pronounce the crop of
1599 a total failure. All agree that apples are
fill right, but pears are slightly damaged.
•Henry alley, the largest fruit grower in
"U't'odstock. Va.. says that his peach trees are
frozen He believes that the recent cold snap
permanently killed the majority of the peach
trees in the valley."
EASTERN DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says:
"The situation of the raisin market is com
plicated by the uncertainty as to the out
come of the mass-meeting at Fresno, Cal.,
March 1. So far as can be learned, growers
have not begun to nd in their signatures,
and unless an extraordinary change in
policy occurs at the meeting the association
will pass into tory If it does, a large
quantity of raisins will be thrown on tie
market, to be sold for whatever they will
bring and a general tumble In prices is j
likely to result. It is understood that strong \
efforts will be made to prevent such a ruinous |
policy, but it is difficult to see how it ran be !
ptopped. Sultana raisins are in small supply, 1
en<l further importation- are likely to be small.
Trices are now less than the same quality 1
could be brought from London. It is prob
able, judging from present Indications, that 1
tpot' stocks will be cleaned up in a compara- j
tlvely short time.
■■}•'■. are steady, under moderate demand.
No further information has been given out
regarding the proposed local combination of |
Oregon Italian interests and the proposition :
has exertc-d no influence on the market as yet. j
"here Is a moderate demand for all sizes, ,
and prices are steady at previously reported !
range
"Apricots are in firm position and scarce.
Conditions indicate that there will likely be
Improvement in prices with Improved demand, I
and occasionally one catches glimpses of what 1
that demand will result in when sales of fancy
pood? an- made at premiums over the present
quotations.
"Of all dried fruits peaches are the strong- •
est, and prices will tend upward. Late re
ports from the coast indicate that prices
have advanced there within a few days and .
will likely advance still further shortly. The ;
Fpot market is firmer, but no advance was j
noted Saturday, Though the majority of I
holders were confident that a further advance I
•would occur possibly this week. Trade is
somewhat restricted by high prices, but there
is a steady movement into consumption."
WEATHER REPORT .
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 7. 1899, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared -with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: 
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.08 23. 6S 26. 7S
Red Bluff 0.02 13. 12.07
Sacramento 0.00 7.93 3.55
Pan Francisco 0.00 8.00 7.32
Fresno 0.00 3.74 3.45
San Luis Obispo 0.00 7.20 5.1'
Los Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.30
San Diego 0.00 3.71 3. 1S
Tuma 0.00 1-34 1.23
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
B6; minimum, 42; mean, 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm noted this morning north of Wash
ington has moved rapidly eastward and Is now
central In the British possessions north of
Montana. This depression has caused rain
along the coast as far south as Cape Mendo
cino and In the interior to Red Bluff. The
rainfall In all districts has been very light.
The temperature has fallen over Nevada and
California and risen over Utah.
The pressure Is rising rapidly over Washing
ton, Oregon and Northern California.
Conditions are favorable for lair or partly
cloudy weather in California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 8, 1899:
Northern California Fair Wednesday; cooler;
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday;
cooler north portion; fresh northwest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy: cooler Wednesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Wednesday; probably
rain In north portion.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The stock market
to-day in the final dealings recovered earlier
losses and ended strong and higher than yes
terday. There was an effort on the part of the
professionals to depress prices in the early
dtaliiiK?. which was successful only tempo
rarily to a moderate extent. Investors gener
• ally heiil on to their stock* and the market be
came exceptionally dull. The rate for call
money in the initial transactions touched '■!%
per cent, with an accompanying easier tone.
Th" exchange market eased oft. with the last
lean at 2' 2 per cent, with a resultant better
tone In the general market. It was said that
because of yesterday's flurry in call money a
c^nsi'lr-rahle amount of unemployed country
bank balances was expected to be transferred
to New York this week. The dealings for
the entire day were less than half a million,
and except for the opening an/1 closing deal
ings the ticker was practically silent at in
tervals. The dealings for London account were
of small volume, with a hardening tendency
at the elope and about the best price* of the
day on the curb. Third-avenue Railroad lost
about 9 points on the public agitation against
the electric lines already on a prominent ave
nue. The grangers, pome other standard
stocks and the Pacifies were even more promi
nent on the rise than in the earlier weakness.
The anthracites, except Lackawanna and Rub
ber, were strung because of the snowstorm and'
cold weather. The forecasts of General
Electrics annual reports being favorable
strengthened that stock. A number of the
specialties, Including People's Gas, rose easily.
Reports that the Chicago and Alton was plan
ning to use Chicago Terminal facilities brought
out speculative' activity in the latter. Th"re
was much difference of opinion on the board re
garding the dividend to-morrow on Sugar with
the general expectation of the regular disburse
ment, and it closed at the best prices
Considerable firmness developed In various
spots In the bond market, but this tendency
was in a measure offset by heaviness in oth
ers. Total sales, 53.145.(X)0. United States 3's
and the old 4's registered declined V and the
new 4's H in the bid price.
Total Bales of stocks to-day were 473 430
shares. including: Atchison 12.3.'n, Atchlson
preferred 54,000; Central Pacific 6672 Burling
ton 20,000. Manhattan 4000, Metropolitan 3100
Reading first preferred 27.900, Missouri Pacific
6600, Northern Pacific 10.200. Rock Island 8937
Union Pacific 7700. St. Paul 29,710, Southern Pa
cific «160, Texas and Pacific 2*oo. Union Pacific
preferred 3100, Bay State Gas 11.400. Federal
Steel £175, Federal steel preferred 4900. Gen
eral Electric 4000. Brooklyn Transit 11,900 Pa
cific Mall 4600, Sugar 16,600, T. C. and I. 3000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21% i Do 3d prefd 37%
Do prefd 61% St Louis & S W... 8%
Baltimore & Ohio. 6S | Do prefd 27^
Canada Pacific... 89% St Paul 1274
Canada Southern.. 56V4 I Do prefd 1691,4
Cent Pac 45% :St P & 0ra.. ...... 91%
Ches & Ohio 26% i Do prefd 70
CM ft Alton 172 So Pacific S2%'
Chi B & Q 13J»Vi So. Railway 12VJ
Chi & !•'. 111 66'^ Do prefd 45 : 4
Do prefd 11S14 Texas & Pacific... 23%
-hi G W 15% Union Pacific 40%
Chi Ind & L 9% j Do prefd 79%
£0 prefd MftiU P D & G lift J
Chi & N W 147 iWabash B'i
Do prefd 191' ii Do prefd 21%
C C C & St L Wheel A- L E 11
Do prefd 96 i Do prefd 32
Del & Hudson 115 I ' Express Companies—
Del L & W 164 Adams Ex 112
Den & Rio 0 21*4 1 American Ex 140
Do prefd 73 I'nited States 55
Erie (new) liTi'WeHs Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd 3814 Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne ITS A Cot Oil 34%
Gt Nor prefd 181 ; Do prefd 914
Hocking Val .'-* Am Spirits IS*
Illinois Cent 114% Do prefd Rtf
Lake Erie & W.... IS4 Am Tobacco 194H
Do prefd 6.i% I Do prefd 140
Lake Shore 200 Cons Gas 214
Louis & Nash 63% Com Cable Co .... 1934
Manhattan L 110 Col F & Iron 32
Met St Hv 236?; i Do prefd 94
Mich Cent 113 >~>n Electric 1194
Minn &St L 53 Haw Com Co 7>> : 4
Do Ist prefd 99 [Brooklyn R T 514
Mo Pacific 45 Ir.tl Paper 67
Mobile & Ohio 3<V Do pret.i S7
Mo X A T 13>4 Laclede Gas 51
Do prefd 3S .Lead 33%
N J Central 110\i| Do prefd n."i
N V Central 135 jNat Lin Oil 44
N V Chi & St L.. 14 (Pacific Mfiil 48
Do Ist prefd 65 People's Gas 112%
Do 2d prefd 33 Pullman Pal 157
Nor West 17 Silver Certificates. 5!»4
No Araer Co S% [Standard R & T... 9%
: No Pacific 51% I Sugar is*
Do prefd 7<;4 Do pr"fd 114
Ontario & W 86% TO* Iron *:.' +
Or Rft Nay to □ S Leather <Vm
Or Short Line 424 Do prefd 70%
Par C Ist prefd.... S8 !' S Rubber I %
Do Id prefd 63 Pn prefd 1154
rittshurg 180 Western Union 94
Reading 23*W Federal Steel 51%
I Do Ist prefd l ,i>: Do prefd ?7%
1 R Q W 36 (Or Nay prefd 70
Do prefd 76 l A (Pacific roast 4S
! Rock Island 116% j Colo Southern 6%
St Louis &S F 114 Do Ist prefd 62%
Do prefU 704 1 Do 2d prefd 20
CLOSING BONDS.
r S S3 1071* N V Central 15t5. .1144
1 V S new 4s reg..l2S\ N .1 C Ga 117
U B 4s 112 North Carolina 6s. 130
Do coup 113 , Do 4s 104
Do 2ds 994 1 NO Pac lsts 115
1" S 5s reg my Do 8s 684
Do 5s coup 112. Do 4s 103
! District (.668 117 N V C& S L 45.. 107
I Ala class A 109 Nor & W 6s 130H
i Do B LO9 Northwest c0n5015. 1434
Do C 102 Do deb 5s 122
Do Currency 101% O Nay lsta 11l
Atcfctson 4s 10140 Nay 4s 101
Do adj 4s 52% 0 S Line 6s tr ... 128%
1 Can So Ida 109 !O 3 Line 5s ...111
C & O 44s 914 ; Reading 4:- 89%
i Chicago Term 45.. 9614 R Q w Ist 944
! C <Sr Ohio Ss 118 9L£ 111 Cos Ss.UOv;
I C II * D 445....1045,'S L & S X Gen 68.123
I D & R c, lsts 1 •-•■- St P Con 164%
i D 4- R G lsts rrr.lOSH St I'OiP 15t5 ...120
!D&R C. 4s 1004 Do Si 120^4
! East Term lsta 104% |So Ky os 106 T i
! Erie Gen 4s 72V Standard R A T 6* *><<
I F W & D lsts tr.. S3 |Term new set .~>.. 97%
. Gen Elec 5s 114 <t,!Tex Pac L G Is tß. 1124
G H & S a 69 . 109 IV> Reg Ids :>;•%
Do 2ds 110 I-:: in l\u- 4s 104 '--i
H & T C os 113 I* P D & G lsts.. 90
Do con «s m'-j|\Vabash Ist SS 114",
lowa C lsts IC7 j Do 2ds 944
La new consols 4s. 1094 W Shore (a 112%
L * N Unl 45.... ■■■, \" 1 Centuries 83%
Pac Con 8a .... 115% Do deferred 6
: M K& T ids 6S\;W!s Cent lsts 68 ;
Do 4s 53%1C010 Southern 45.. 574
MINING STOCKS.
1 Chollar 33 Ontario ....5 50
Crown Point 20-Ophtr 1 00
I Con Cal & Va^:* ISO [Plymouth 10 j
! Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 2 (»> !
! Gould & Curry 40' Do prefii 500
I Hale & Norcross 32 Sierra Nevada 125
I Homestake 50 00* Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 6S; Union Con 55
Mexican 70! Yellow Jacket ... 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
I Money— Wla Cent I>4
Call loans 3i?S> 2 Ed Elec Tel 195
j Time loans 34®4:Atchlson prefd — 61%
Stocks — : Bonda—
A T & ? Fe 21% Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 138% \V!s Cent Is 68% -
Do prefd 114 I Mining Shares—
Bay State Gas .... 14 Allouez Mln Co .. 11
Bell Tel 343 Atlantic 34
Boston & Albany.. 34s Boston & Mont — 363
Boston & Maine.. l7o Butte & Boston — 89
Boston L 87 Calumet & Hec1a..760
Chi Bur & Q 139% I Centennial 51%
Fitchburg ..in Franklin 24%
Fed Steel 54 Old Dominion .. 39
Do prefd 87% Osceola 86
Mexican Cent 6 Quincy l«0
Old Colony 201 Tamarack 220
Rubber 48% Wolverine 4b
Union Pac 46 Parrot 43"<» •
West End 94 iHumboldt 24
Do prefd 112 Adventure 14
Westlngh Elec .... 49%|Wlnona 13
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were uninteresting and dull
to-day. Uneasiness was caused by fear of !
Russian advances in China and of sold ship- |
l ments to America. Coppers were weak; Tin
tos were 3S 11-15; Anacondas, 8%; Utahs, 7*»
@7%; Boston, 2 3-16. _
Americans opened dull, dropped sharply be
fore noon .and then rose on small bidding for I
the coalers. New York did nothing at first. \
but finally bought a few coalers. The close
was slightly above the -worst. Central Pa- j
1 ciflcs were particularly flat.
close;.
LONDON. March 7.— Canadian Pacific 92%; I
Northern Pacific perf erred, 80%; Union Pacific
preferred, 81: Grand Trunk; 8%; bar silver,
quiet, 27 7-16 d per oun- •; money, 14@1% per
cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,136 barrels; exports, 16,862. Dull and gen
erally easier. Wheat receipts, 296,000 bushels.
Spot easier; No. 2 red, 834 c f. o. b. afloat to
arrive. Options firmer and were sustained un
til the heavy increase in world's stocks ac
cording to Bradstreet's, and liberal interior
receipts caused active unloading by early pur
chasers. The afternoon market was therefore
weak and heavy, with Chicago selling here;
closed weak, %<@%c net decline: March. 82413)
83Vic; closed, 824 c; May. 76V»>Q76 15-15 c; closed,
76Vie.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— As yesterday's market was weak
and lower so in proportion to-day's market
I was firm and higher. The business done made
quite an imposing total, with sentiment bullish
ly inclined. At the close the metal exchange \
called:
PIGIRON — steady at $3 75 nom
inal.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $17 75 nominal.
TlN— Firmer, with $23 75 bid and $24 asked.
LEAD— Firm and higher with $4 30 bid and
$4 324 asked. The brokers' price for lead is
$1 10 and for copper $18.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 12,750 bags. Spot
co ff ec _Rio. dull and easy; lower to sell; No. 7
Invoice. 6Vic; No. 7 Jobbing. C%c. Mild, quiet;
Cordova, B@l4c
SUGAR — Raw, strong; tending upward. Fair i
refining, 3%c; centrifugal, D 6 teat, 4%c; mo
lasses sugar, 3*4-. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— 11,224 packages; steady;
Western creameries, 15%@20c; Elgin, 20c; fac
tory. 12@19%c. <■-■■
EGGS— Receipts, .1748 packages; steady; West
ern. 24c; Southern, 23@234c
_^ DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 7.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@B%c;
prime wire tray. B%@9c; choice, 9%@9%0; fancy,
9%@10c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— Royal, 12@14c; Moorpark, 13@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeied, 9@llc; peeled. 25<g2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 7.— There was a show of
strength in wheat at the opening as a result
of firmness at Liverpool on account of reported
damage to the Argentine crop. A restraining
factor was the news from California repeating
yesterday's expression of apprehension con
cerning the winter plant in that State. May
opened %@Vic higher at 72%®72%c and touched
72% C but then started to sag. May soon de- j
clined to 72c. When some outside buying or- 1
ders came on the market, however, it caused I
an undercurrent of apprehension concerning I
the winter wheat condition among short sellers,
and in an endeavor to buy back the wheat sold
earlier the price quickly regained the 4c from
the opening decline. Atlantic port clearances
were comparatively small. wheat and (lour
amounting to only 870,000 bushels increase for
the week, whereas a decrease of 1,500,000 bush
els had been expected. This gave the bears the
leverage they needed and the market was vig
orously attacked. May wheat declined to 71 %c,
closing at 71%@71 ! 94c, a loss of 4@%c
Corn showed moderate strength early, but
declined with wheat, closing a shad* lower.
Oats were weak and lower on account of
rather free sales by commission houses against
purchases of corn. May closed with a slight
loss.
Continued light receipts of hogs and large
shipments of meats exerted a strengthening
influence in provisions at the start. The ad
vance was all lost near the close on scattered
selling. Pork and lard are unchanged and
ribs 24c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
May 724 724 71% 71%
Corn No. 2—
May 3. >% 36 35% 35%
July 3S>4 364 36 36tf
September 36% 36% 364 36<k
Oats No. 2—
May 27% 27% 27% 27%
July 25% 23% 254 234
Mess Pork, per barrel— *
May 9 324 935 925 925
July 9 474 9 524 9 424 9 424
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 540 540 5 37% 5 S7U
July 5 524 5 524 550 560
September 565 5 fin 5 624 5 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 475 480 4 724 4 724
July 4 90 4 90 4 8S 4 88
September 500 500 4 974 4 574
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, alow with an easier undertone; No. 2
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1899.
spring wheat, 6S@7oc; No. 3 spring wheat, 64®
70c; No. 2 red, 72@73c; No. 2 corn, 35c; No. 2
oats 274 c; No. 2 white, 30®304c; No. 3 white,
29y.«f3uc; No. 2 rye, 55c; No. - barley, 42!S'>tc;
No. I flaxaeed, $1144; prime timothy seed,
$2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $9 I<>@» 15; lard,
per 100 pounds, $5 22405 25; short rib sides,
loose, $4 6OffT4 70; dry salted shoulders, boxed.
4\i(@>4%c; short clear sides, boxed, $4 Ss@4 90;
whisky, distillers, finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26.
"Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 24,900 16,000
Wheat, bushels 60.000 16,000
Corn bushels 486.000 273.000
Oats, bushels 371,000 299.000
Ry, bushels 10.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 71.000 23.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 14t5?194c: dair
ies. 11%®17c. Eggs, weak and lower; fresh,
17@lSc. Cheese, steady: creams, 9%@104c
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 232.500 33,300
Duluth 146.723
Milwaukee 73.500 4,880
Chicago M.OOO 14,89 a
Toledo 12.711 18,800
St. Louis 5,000 9.000
Detroit 20,961 9,238
Kansas City 27.000 20.500
Totals 678,896 110.313
Tidewater-
Boston 3.156 12,973
New York 296.000
Philadelphia 796 2.729
Baltimore 6.634 £.000
Galveston 41,000
New Orleans 34.916
Totals 341.503 64.702
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 7%, 5 7% 5 7%
Closing- 5 7»4 6 7% 67%
PARIS FUTURES.
our— March. May.
Opening 43 SO 44 25
Closing 43 50 44 20
Wheat-
Opening 20 90 21 15
Closing 20 80 2110
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. March Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate,
the following changes In the available sup
plies of grain last Saturday, as compared with
the preceding Saturday:
Comparatively small, wheat and flour, to
gether amounting to only 376,000 bushels. Brad
street's report of visible supply showed 3,250,
--000 bushels Increase for the week, whereas a
decrease of 1,500,000 bushels had been expected.
WHEAT— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1,000.000 bushels; Corn
Trade News, afloat for and In Europe, in
crease 4.310.000 bushels. Total supply in
crease. 3,250, 000.
CORN— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase 1,257,000 bushels.
OATS- United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increase 425,000.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Seattle and Tacoma, Wash.,
decreased 218,000 bushels during the week.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS IN THE
EAST.
NEW YORK, March 7.— The Journal of Com
merce says: While there is a good deal of ac
tivity in the market for California dried
fruits and while Stocks here are reported to be
comparatively light for the reason. New York i
Is said to be carrying larger supplies than any j
other market, and as there is reported to be
scarcely anything remaining on the coast and
that Is held at prices relatively higher than |
quotations here, the interior markets are j
' looking to New York for goods. Numerous in
quiries are being received by holders here, we
understand, from large handlers in Philadel
phia. Piltshurg and even Chicago. Not a
small part of the stock they are now anxious
to buy at full prices was, according to re
port bought from them last fall and during j
the winter by New York parties, who had ap
parently more confidence In the market than '
was shown at the time by Western operators
in these goods.
Philadelphia particularly, the report is. sold
a good deal of dried fruit to New York during
the dull season and Is now said to be trying
to buy it back and is offering full market j
prices. The out of town demand seems to be .
chietly for peaches, but there is also consid- !
erable Inquiry for apricots. Stocks of both are :
closely controlled, and holders appear to be In- i
different Fellers, being supported in their po
sition by the brisk and increasing demands of i
local consumers. While interior markets are j
coming to New York for peaches and apricots,
buyers here are said to be seeking stocks of
prunes in other cities. Of fifteen or twenty
cars bought here last week by a prominent
Jobbing house the report is, that a part of it
was purchased from Chicago firms, and it is
rumored that negotiations are pending on
other lots held in that market. The consum
ing demand for prunes, as well as other dried
fruits, excepting raisins, has shown marked
improvement during the past week and Job
bers are displaying greater interest than at
any time since the fall season closed. Car
load orders are more frequent and the bulk of ;
business is in smaller quantities. The demand I
is not of a speculative character, the stock for ■
the most part going into immediate consump
tion. Notwithstanding the increased demand, •
prices do not appreciably advance, though the i
market is firm and the tendency upward.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHIQAGO.
CHICAGO, March 7.— Good demand for cattle
to-day at yesterday's advance. Fancy grades,
$5 70'5?5 90; choice steers and medium steers,
$4 65@4 95: stockers and feeders, $3 40(?T4 70;
bulls, $2 Bo@4 20; Western fed steers. $4 20@
7 50; Texas steers, $3 5004 90: calves, S3:,' ;7.
HOGS— in brisk demand at further ad
vance of 2%@Sc. Fair to choice, $3 7503 90;
racking lots, S3 fio^3 724: mixed and light, '
$.3 60123 774: butchers', $3 50@3 874; pigs, $3 15 !
S3 60.
SHEEP— fairly active at previous
values. Poor to prime sheep, $2 75®4 75: year
lings. $4 8004 60; lambs. $4??5, chiefly $4 75«5.
Receipts— 3000; hogs, IS, 000; sheep,
14,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 7.— There was no material
change to note In the wool market. Prices ob
tained are about the same as last week. The
movement in territory wool still holds ud a
fair average. The general range of prices Is
about 40@42c for fine medium and fine. Sales
of fleece wools are scarce, but the prices are
largely nominal in the absence of business.
Australian wools are quiet. Quotations:
Territory wools — Montana, fine medium and
fine. 12(31i>c: scoured. 41'3 1 42c: staple, 45c. Utah,
Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, 12@15c;
scoured, 40® 42c: staple, etc.. 43c.
Australian, scoured basis— Combing superfine,
70@72c; good, 65®68c; average, 62'565c.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 7. — The second series of th»
) C T''( wool auction sales opened to-day: The of- j
ferings numbered 11.134 bales, largely cross- I
bred.", none of which was suitable for America
and little fit for Continental uses. The home
trade secured the bulk. Medium low grades
were a farthing to a half penny below the
January average. Scoured merinos were
scarce and in good demand. Queensland and
South Australia greasy merinos brought full
prices. There was a good attendance.
FOREIGN .MARKETS.
LONDON, March 7.— Consols, 110 9-16; silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, Jo3f 10c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, quiet and steady;
cargo?-! on passage, quieter and hardly any
demand; cargoes Walla Walla, 295; English
country markets, quiet; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom. 2.930,000 bushels;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1,540,
--000 bushels.
LIVERPOOL, March 7.— Wheat. steady;
wheat in Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, dull;
French country markets, quiet: weather In
England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 15-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 California
stocks exhausted; No 1 red Northern spring,
steady. 6s 14d. futures closed quiet; March
5s 7d: May, 5s 7%d ; July. 5s 7V*d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed old,
steady, 3s 7%d. Futures quiet; March, 3s 5%d-
May, 3s sM>d; July, 3s 5%d. '
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. March Clearances, $240 537
--balances, $49,000.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. March 7.— The more pressing
demand for wheat has apparently been satis
fied and there was less disposition on the part
of exporters to (Jo business to-day. Fifty-nine
to 594 c was bid for Walla Walla and valley
was sold at 60%@61c, with bluestem quiet at !
624<§63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 7.— WHEAT— 684c
blur-stem, 614@624c. ' %c '
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 oii/
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 Kfi 2
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight..... 1-
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce -91?
Mexican Dollars 47U@i8
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Are still dull at 22s fid
usual options. The chartered Wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 1957, against
53.000 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 38,200 tons, against 18.500; on the way
to this port. 145,300 tons, against 176.400.
WHEAT— The market was quiet and un
changed.
S £? t vh A - Rhl PP «> 112% ® 115; milling,
II I"V2®l 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — December—
6000 ctls. $1 20%; 4000. $1 20%: 12,000, $1 20%.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 20«. i;
4000, -I MH; 10,000, $1 20%; May— sooo, $1 17%;
2000, $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session^- December— ctls,
$1 20; 2000. ?1 20%; May— Booo. $1 17%.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 19%; 2000, Jl 19%; 22.000, $1 19%; May—
$1 17; 20,000, $1 17%; 12,000, $1 17%.
BARLEY— lndications of rain unsettled fu
tures. The Spot market stood the same.
Feed, $1 25® 1 28%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
— 2000 ctls, <1 04%: 8000, $1 08%; 4000, $1 08%; 16,
--000, $1 04. .
Second Session— Seller "99. new— 2ooo ctls,
Jl 03%: 16.000, $1 04%; 16.000, $1 (HVs-
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99. new—
ctls. $1 04%; 12,000. SI 4V 4 . 4!rM „
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— 6ooo ctls.
$1 02%; 16,000, $1 02%; 4000, $1 02%; 4000, $1 02%;
8000, Jl 02%. -••■>,. "■
OATS— The market is firm enough, but stocks
are light and so is the demand.
Fancy Feed. $1 37%@1 40 per ctl : pood to
choice. $1 3f,<ii! 37%; common, $132%: Surprise,
$1 45@1 50; Gray, $1 32%®1 36; Milling. $1 37%
per ctl: Red. nominal: Black, nominal.
CORN— The market continues very dull at
unchanged quotations.
Small round Yellow, 25; Eastern largo
Yellow, $1 lO@l 12%: White, $1 10; mixed.
J! 07%(g;l 10 per ctl; California White. $1 12%.
RYE— lnactive at $1 10(51 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $4: bakers 1
extras, $3 86®3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3^3 65 per hbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks arc as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100- Rice Flour, $7- Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeai. 13 26; ■ Oatmeal. $4 6004 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4<<J4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 7:.:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 6506 95; In sacks, $6 35-56 75;
Pearl Barley, $5: Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay suddenly dropped to 49
tons, not enough to make a market. The feel-
Ing Is steady, but the demand is 111 poor.
Bran and Middlings continue firm and the
former is scarce.
BRAN- $20@30 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— (21022 60 per ton. i; •
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26^27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $3«?31 50: Job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24(525; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28®30 per ton; Cornmeai, $23 50
@24 50; Cracked Corn, J24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 50<520.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $15@16 m for
good to choice and $13@14 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, $13<316:
Oat, $12@14; Island Barley, J12@18; Alfalfa, $11
@I 1 50: Stock. $9(ffl0; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13014: Cheat.
$11 11 50: Grass Hay, $10)910 50: Oat. $12fr13 50;
Clo\er, $10011; Timothy. $10 50012 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@6Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Limas are higher and very scarce and the
top quotation has been paid. The other de
scriptions of Beans are steady at about pre
vious prices. There Is nothing new in Seeds,
which arc dull.
BEANS — Bayos, ?1 75@1 85: Small Whites.
$2 lO®2 20: Large Whites, $1 8001 90; Pinks,
$2@2 10; Reds, $3 2S@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75@3 SO;
Butters $2 25(52 50; Li mas, $3 40{?3 50; Pea.
V: 25(52 50; Red Kidneys, $2 40©2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 5004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75@4; Flax $2 15®2 25: Ca
nary Seed. 2>i(52%c per !T>; Alfalfa. S(gS%c:
Rape. 2t4©2%c: Hemp. 2Hf1«30: Timothy. .V55%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65@1 70: Green. $2<g>
2 30 rer ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are firm. Onions are weak. Vege
tables stand about the Fame.
Receipts were 635 boxes Asparagus, 434 boxes
Rhubarb and 63 sacks Peas.
Hothouse cucumbers, $1 50<fj2 per dozen.
POTATOES- $I@l 10 per ctl for Early Rose,
90c<5$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marln Burbai ■ 90ctf»$l 10 per ctl <••■■•
85c(?}$l 25; Sweet Potatoes. 75c for River and
$1 600-1 85 for Merced; New Potatoes, 2<&2%c
per lb.
ONIONS— 60(??90c per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 4*?.'o per lh for
No. 2. 6©7 c for No. 1 and StfSc for fancy;
Rhubarb. 7&c@sl 50 per box; Green Peas, 4(g6c;
String Beans. : Cabbage, 40*5 50c: Tomatoes.
<!".■ l 7". for Los Angeles and $1 IV-i 175 for
Mexican; Egg Plant. per lb; Garlic, 6(57c
per lb: Dried Okra. 15c per lh; Dried Peppers,
7@12%c; Carrots, 25(i?35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Three more cars of Eastern went on, making
five thus far this week. Prices are holding
up first rate, considering this flood.
Game Is on its last legs.
Eastern. 14c for Turkeys. J." 50 for Ducks and
old Roosters. $5 50©l for Hens, $7 50©8 for
young Roosters and $6 for Fryers.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14fT1Sc: live
Turkeys. 13<514e for Gobblers and 13*?14c for
Hens; GeeFe. per pair. $1 75@2: Goslings. $2 25
(52 50: Ducks. $4 50/f?6: Hens. $4 5005 50; young
Roosters. $7(5?: old Roosters, $4 50<55: Fry.
-sfi<s6 50; Broilers, $506 50 for large, $4*54 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 50-51 75 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $2'fi?.: White Geese. 75c
(51: Brant, $I®2; Honkers. $."■?;? 50; Hare. $1;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter . is lower again and stocks are ac
cumulating. The demand for it Is slack.
Cheese has not changed for a long -time.
The range in Eggs Is very narrow, as will be
gpen. Stocks are ample, though not excessive,
and the tone is not strong. not exoessi\
the tone is not strong.
- PUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 22' i '?j23c: sec
onds. 2O'??2?e.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 20<S21c; common
grades, lt@l9c
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 16W17c: pickled roll.
14<516c for dairy and 16<S17c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 19c.
Eastern Butter— packed, 13%@14c per
lb: Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— mild new. ll*s>n%e: old. 10
<B10%c; Cream Cheddar, 12(512%c; Young Amer
lea, 11Vj(512%c: Eastern. 10® 12c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14<515c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS .
There is another cold wave and blizzard rag
ing throughout the East and South and the
Georgia Peach crop is reported finally wiped
out. j This ought to be a good year for Cali
fornia Peaches.
Apples and Oranges are in light supply and
steady. Lemons are dull. The market is
still bare of Mexican Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 75c(5Jl 25 for common, $: 50@l 75 per
box for No. 1 and $252 25 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50<g>2 73
per box: Seedlings, 75c<5$l SO; Mandarins. $1 25
(51 75; Lemons, 7Bc@l 50 for common and $2®
250 for good to choice: Mexican Limes, -;
California Limes, 50c51 2."> per small bo
Grape Fruit, $1(52; " Bananas, $1 25(52 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, ?2fi4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
There are no lines of fruit left except Prunes
and Raisins, and business is curtailed in con
sequence. Nuts rule firm. Honey in steady
but quiet.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50' s, 4%
®4%c for 60-60' S, 3U<53%c for <",0-70's, 2%(53c for
70-SO's, 2%@2%c for 80-90"s, 2@2Vic for 90-100's
and l%'9 l 2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2%@
6c. Peaches. 7%@S%c for good to choice; 9@9%c
for fancy and • for peeled; Apricots. 1014©
13% c for Royals and 14%@15c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7i??8c; sun dried. 5(j?5%c;
Black Figs, sacks. 2(52%c: Plums, nominal,
WIVzC for unpitted: Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown.' 5%c for four-crown. 4%(56c for Seed
less Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers", Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, 8®
9c for hardshell. ll@l2c for softshell; Almonds,
7©Bo for hardHhells, 18®14c for softshell, i:, ... :7
for paper shell; Peanuts, 68?7c for Eastern and
,4%i55c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 60<85.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for brlplit and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted. 7c; light
amber extracted, 6'56%c; dark, 5@5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24iS2Gc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The demand is nothing; extra. Prices re
main unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B@B%c per lb for
heavy, B%^9c for light medium, 10%(511c for
light. 12c for extra light and 12%(513c for sugar
cured: Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie: Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per hbl:
extra Mess Beef. $13 50; Family Beef, $14 50®
15; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7@7%c for pure: half-barrels,
pure. 7%®Sc: 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lh tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%i56-«,c: packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 In a case. 3%c
--8-lb pails. 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, S%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, ~%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S',*c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7J6c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%e.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops are well cleaned up, and the outlook for
the next crop is In this respect better than
usual at this time of the year. Hides are un
changed.
Wool is said to be duller than at any time in
it« history. There are no sales of any conse
quence, and stocks in the East are still enor
mous.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. '.to; light, B©S%i:; Cow
hides, 8%<89c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10,-; dry Hides, sound, 15c; Culls and Brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15e; dry Calf, 17c-
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@3Oc each; short
Wool. 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c: long Wool
90c@$l 10 each ; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75^2 25 for
large and $1 for small: Colts, 25W50c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 SOW 2 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vi@3%c per 1b;
No. 2. 2%«13c: refined. 4»i@sc: Grease. 2@2V4e.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7i@9c; Son Joaquln and Southern, 7
months, B@9c; Foothill and Northern free, 10®
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humboldt an/i Meadocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 10®
12c; Eastern Oregon, ' 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 ©11
Northern Mountain 6%<g> 9
Southern 6 © "H
Plains 5 @6
HOPS— IS9B crop, 10i??lle per lb for ordinary.
12'<t12' 2 c for good and 13016 c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 5«,i@5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quen
tin Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southflelri Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant. *«; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, S8; Cumberland, $S 50 in bulk and $9 7o
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, JS 50 per ton; Hock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
"CORDAGE— Manila, 3%c; Sisal. B%c; Duplex,
CANNED FRUITS-Cherries. $1 35<S?1 50 for
black and $1 50@l 60 for white; Peaches ** 40®
17.".. Pears. 11460160; Apricots, J13...M..-.
Plume, 95c®$] 15. . „ ,. M . „
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas. Buci&sl 25;
Asparagus, $1600176; Tomatoes, 85030 c.
COFFEE- Costa Rica— nominal for
prime washed; U%014V4c nominal for good
washed; 12V"!'' for good to prime washed
peaberry; lKgllVic for good peaberry; HVi'&lSc
for good to prime; 10@llc nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; 9@10%c for
fair; S%<SSV6c for common to ordinary. Salva
-10(613c nominal for good to prime washed;
S@»Vsc for fair washed; lOlioll%O for good to
prime washed peaberry: BV4i6'B%c nominal for
superior unwashed; B®BHc for good green un
washed; »%©loc for good to prime unwashed
peabcrry. Nicaragua— B@B%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9V&""' nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry- Guatemala
and Mexican— l6ol7%C for prime to fancy
washed new crop. 12(8' 144 i" for good to strictly
good washed new crop; old crop -10%014c for
washer]; 7(SS»ie for medium; s<H6%c for inferior
to ordinary: 10<51U4c for good to prime washed
peaberry; 9V4@loc for good unwashed peaberry:
B@S%c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 3-\c per lb;
cases, selected, 4 Vic per lb; cases, imitation
Eastern f>V per lb; boneless, s^4c per Ib;
stripe, 8%@714c per lt>; blocks, 5%@6%c per rh;
tablets, 7V 4 c per lt>; middles, 6%@8%c per TT>;
desiccated, 87Vsc per dozen; pickled cod. bar
rels, $7 75 each: pickled cod, half barrels, $4 K.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 25@28c per lb;
Sole Leather, medium. 24025 c; Sole Leather,
light. 23@25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light, 23024 c; Harness Leather,
heavy. 32@34c; Harness Leather, medium. 30<§>
S2c; Harness Leather, liprht, 27(329c; Collar
Leather. 14(8'16c per foot: Kip. finished. 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished, 60@56c; Calf, finished.
75c@$l; Sides, finished. 16017 c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c; Rough Splits, 8010 c.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 95c:
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled. 54c; raw. 52e;
pases, 6c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. 56e; No. 1. 46c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut. 45@55c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot OIJ,
barrels. 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, fiOc; natural whit
40c; bleached, white, 45c; Whale Oil. natural
white. 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors. $1 25<§>
135 per gallon; wagon colors, 1202 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. 12Vac per
gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases. l7V4c; Astral Oil.
17Hc; Star Oil, ITU.-. Extra Star Oil, 21%
Elaine Oil, 22'ic; Eocene Oil, ISV4c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15V4c; in cases. 2Jc;
Benzine, in bulk, 16c; cases, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline. in bulk, 21c; in rases. 2fic.
CANDLES Electric Light Candles, fin. 16 oz.
4 c; 6s. 14 oz, 7V«c; 6s, 12 oz. 6>ic; 6s, 10 oz.
6%c; 12s, 12 oz, 7' 4 c; Granite (mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz. r>'«c; (is. 14 oz. 4 r: 6s. 12 oz. 7Uc; 6s,
10 oz. S?4c: Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s.
6a, white. ?•-.'•: 12s. lOVic; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at B©7c per rh.
TURPENTINE In cases, «4.- : in iron barrels,
59c; in wooden barrels, 61c per gallon.
LUCOL— Roiled, barrels. 49c; raw, barrels,
47c: cases. ."c more.
QUICKSILVER $42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cubp. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6 7 *c; Powdered. 6%c: Candy
Granulated, 5 7 »c; Dry Granulated. S\c; Con
fectioners' A. 5%e; California A. 6%c; Magnolia
A. 5%c; Extra C, 6%c: Golden C. s\»c; half
barrels, \c more than barrels, and boxes ! 2 '
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are an follows: Pin-,
ordinary sizes, H^liv; extra slzef. higher:
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and }1401s for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet. $2 2002 30; Pickets. $14; Shingles.
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy: Shakes.
— for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic. $15
(§2l.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The feeling In Hogs is easier, owing to In
creased receiDts I f soft Hosts and to rumored
Imports from the East. Beef, Mutton and Veal
are also rather weak than otherwise, though
there is no further decline.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF -7@Sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7©Be; small, 808% c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S®BV4c per lb: Ewes, c '^.
LAMB— BO9V&C per lb for yearlings and 12' 3
014 c for spring.
PORK— Hogs, 6%<55%e for large, 5%0
s"iiC for medium and Bijja^c for small; stock
Hogs, 4%'9'5c; dressed Hogs, 7<§9c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. March 7.
Flour, qr sks 6.040 1 Wool, bales c >"
Wheat, ctls 720 Hay. tons 43
Barley, ells 1,860 1 straw, tons 4
Butter, ctls 253 Eggs, do* 25,740
Cheese, ctls 72 1 Wine, gals 82,100
Tallow, ctls S3 Leather, roils ... 60
Potatoes, sks .... 890 Hides, No 6,034
Onions, sks 933 Pelts, bdls 495
Bran, sks 135 1 Lime, bbla 226
Shorts, ?ks 220 Raisins, bxs .... 1,600
Hops, bales 32
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 450 Bran, sks 133
Potatoes, sks 701 , Barley, ctls 5,000
Onions, sks 300 Shorts, sks ■ 220
THE S'iOUK MARKET.
Hawaiian Commercial led the market for local
securities, advancing to $7S 50. The other stcx-ks
showed little change.
Mining stocks were generally firmer on the
morning session, but weakened off again.
Water is being poured into the Consolidated
California and Virginia mine to put out the old
flre, as will be seen by the following telegram
from the pump: "Water twenty-seven feet be
low Die 1750-foot level. The increased raise is
due to the BUrface water being turned into the
Consolidated California slopes at the 1650-foot
level."
H<-st & Belcher and Occidental are assessed
10 eentM.
The Yellow Jacket Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 1"> rents per sljare.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Julia
Consolidated Mining Company will be held to
day.
The Pennsylvania Mtning Company of Grass
Valley has declared its twenty seventh divi
dend, at the rate of f, cents per share, amount
ing to $2.'f*i, payable Immediately.
The Vallejo Quicksilver Mining Company of
Napa County has levied an assessment of 2
cents per share, delinquent March 20.
In the Utah Consolidated mine during the
past week the northwest drift, started at a
point in the main west drift, 120 feet In, was
advanced fourteen feet In porphyry, with a
streak of quartz six inches wide assaying $8
per ton officially reported to have been cut.
The total length of the northwest drift Is
thirty feet.
The Pri ific Gas Improvement Company and
the San Jose Water Company will pay the
usual monthly dividends of 50 cents per share
on the loth.
The California Street (ab:e Company will
pay a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share
on the usual date this month.
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining Com
pany of Idaho paid a dividend of $21,000 on
the 4th.
The dividend of the Morning Star mine of
California this month Is $3 per share.
The directors of the Occidental Consolidated
have resolved to send a communication to the I
presidents of the Chollar and Potosl mining ]
companies submitting ■ Proposition to resume I
work In th» so-called "Zadlg drift," on the j
Brunswick lode, at joint expense, and continue
the same through the ground of the Chollar and
Potosl until it reaches the Occidental line. It
is estimated that the expense of extending the
drift an additional 1000 fp^t. or to the Occi
dental north line, will not exceed $10,000.
STOCK ANP RONn EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, March 7-4 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board-
ISO Contra Costa Water 5400
75 Contra Costa Water (,3 ;-;
100 Equitable Gas, s SO 9 2 r>
i;n Hana Plantation Co 16 37U
125 Han a Plantation Co 16 25
100 Hana Plantation Co. b 30 !<; 25
ISO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar Tv 00
inn Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 7s j-,
$2000 Los Angeles Light bonds, guantd.iiil 25
$1000 Los Angeles Light bonds, guantd.Mi 374
2f.0 Market Street Railway 6;> 00
190 Mutual Electric Light |g 25
50 Mutual Electric Light i<j 50
200 Paauhau S P Co 39 no
160 Pa.auhau S P Co 39 l'U
100 S F Gaslight 3 s0
$3000 S P Branch Ry fi per cent bonds.. 12.", 00
15 S F Gas &• Electric Co S4 50
5S F Gas & Electric >'n S4 6'U
30 Spring Valley Water, s 5 102 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas, s 90 9 00
JfKI Hana Plantation Co ]i; m
2."i Hana Plantation Co, s 30 IS 00
170 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 78 00
135 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 78 50
100 Hutchltwon S P Co 33 25
220 Market Street Railway 65 00
100 Market Street Railway, s 90 65 00
275 Pacific Gas Imp 84 50
235 Paauhau 8 P Co 39 124
100 8 F Gas & Electric Co S4 75 "
$5000 S P of A bonds 112 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Market Street Railway 64 25
25 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
55 Mutual Electric Light 16 624
33 Paauhau B I' Co 39 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
SO Central Light A- Power 8 25
10 Equitable Gaslight 9 25
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 374
25 Hutchinson B 1' Co 33 37Vi
15 Market Street Railway 64 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
BO Belcher 231 100 Mexican 81
300 Best A- Belcher. 561 100 Mexican S2
200 ('hollar . 441 400 Ophir 110
450 Con «'i).l & Va.l 95. 300 Ophir 115
400 Gould & Curry. 42 100 Potosi 3.'
300 Male A- Norcrs. 33 ' 600 Savage 3.1
200 Hale A Norcrs. 3S 500 Yellow Jacket. 28
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha OR 30(1 Mexican K2
300 Alta 09 150 Mexican S3
200 Best & Belcher. 24 100 Occidental 2.".
200 Belcher 24 3"0 Ophir 1 15
100 Belcher 25 300 Ophir HO
100 Challenge 29 200 Overman 1"
400 ■ liar 4.i 300 Potosi 34
250 Con Cal & Va.l 90] 100 Savage 31
700 Con ral & Va.l 851 300 Union Con .... 64
300 Crown Point .. 25 100 Utah 2.".
300 Gould A- Curry. 41 2. ,0 Yellow Jacket. 27
500 Hale & Norcrs. 3S 100 Yellow Jacket. 26
400 Justice 20
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 10 200 Gould & Curry. 41
SOO Andes 20 300 Hale & Norcrs. 35
800 Belcher 23 500 Hale &- Norcrs. M
200 Belcher 22 300 Hale & Norcrs 374
200 Best .<• Belcher. hi 300 Hale & Norcrs 34
200 Best & Belcher. 55 500 Mexican S2
200 Best & Belcher. 56 500 Mexican M
i 500 Bullion 07 300 Mexican ... 81
I 1100 < "hollar • 45 400 Ophir 1074
500 Chollar 42 400 Ophir 110
400 Con Cal & Va.l 90 800 Ophir 115
200 Con Cal & V.I < -7 1 - 300 Ophir 1 17%
. 600 Con Cal & V.I 924 400 Ophir 105
i 300 Con Cal * Va.l 95 400 Potos! 32
800 Con (id & Va.2 00 SOO Potosi 33
300 Con Cal & V.I 974 400 Potosl 34
400 Con Cal & Va.l 85 400 Savage 32
I 300 Con ('ill & V.I 82% 200 Sierra Nevada. 140
300 Crown Point... 23 500 Union Con — 62
! 400 frown Point... 25 300 Union Con 63
i 200 Gould & Curry. 42 1 400 Utah 25
200 Gould & Curry. 43 160 Yellow Jacket. 27
300 Gould & Curry. 44
Afternoon Session.
300 Best * Belcher. 54 400 Mexican S3
800 Best & Belcher. 55 400 Mexican 84
300 Challenge Con.. 23 700 Ophir 1 074
300 Chollar 43 1400 Ophir 105
500 Con Cal & V.I 82V4 1600 Ophir 1 10
800 Con Cal & Va.l 83 600 Sierra Nev...l 87%
300 Con Cal A; Va.l 80 400 Union Con .... 62
200 Gould & Curry. 42 400 Union Con 64
2CO Gould & Curry. 43 500 Union Con 61
300 Gould A- Curry. 41 1 500 Utah 25
500 Hale & Norcrs. 34 300 Yellow Jacket. 2.">
300 Hale A- Norcrs. 35 500 Yellow Jacket. 26
: 400 Mexican SI
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. March 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
i Alpha Con 05 07 Julia 03 04
Alta 09 10 Justice 20 21
Andes 19 20 Kentuck — 12
I Bflcher 23 24 i Lady Wash .... — 04
Benton Con .... 05 — Mexican 76 77
Best & Belcher 52 53 Occidental 24 26
1 Bullion 06 OS Dphir 105 110
Caledonia 35 3S [Overman 10 12
('hollar 43 44|Potosl 32 33
I Challenge Con. IN Bavaga 31 32
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — 06
Con Cal & Va..l mi 185 He Belcher ... 03 05
Ton Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. l 30 135
Crown Point... 23 25 'Silver Hill — 05
! Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — OS
I Eureka Con ... 40 — (Standard 230 —
! Exchequer — 03. Union Con 59 60
i Could & Curry. 41 42IUtah 24 25
j Hale & Norcrs. 34 36 1 Yellow Jacket. 25 26
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Delinqnt
Company. No. in the Day of Ami.
Board. Sale.
Julia 29 ..Jan. 12 ! ..Mar. 8 03
Sierra Nevada 115 ..Feb. IS ..Mar. 13 20
Justice 64 ..Feb. 20 ..Mar. 16 05
Alta 61 ..Mar. 9 ..Apr. 4 05
I Challenge 26 ..Mar. 121.. Apr. 5 05
Belcher 60 ..Mar. 14 ..Apr. 11 10
I Overman 2 ..Mar. 24l.. Apr. IS 05
Yellow Jacket .. Apr. 7 1 15
Best & Belcher... 66 ..Apr. 7 ..May 2 10
Occidental ! .. ..Apr. 7 (..May 1 10
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Pay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8.
Sun rises 6 30
Pun sets 6:11
Moon rises 4:07 a. m.
« iTlme Tlmel |Time! Time
i • Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• I, W H W Ii W H W
S ... 2:05| 2.6 8:11 6.0 2:59! — 0.41 9:54| 5.2
<» ... 8:001 2.0 9:11 6.0 3:44 \—0.V 13:30 5.4
10 ... 3:31 1.6 10:06 6.0 4:26 o.o| 11:05 5.6
H ... 4:41 1.0 11:00 5.8 5:07| 0.3J 11:40 5.7
12 ... 5:30 0.6 11:52 5.6 5:46 O.s
If W L W H W I, W
13 ...! 0 U 5.8 6:16 0.4 12:46 5.3! 6:24 ; 1.3
14 ... 0:49!' 5.8 7:06| 0.2 l:40| 4.9| 7:03| 1.8
NOTE — the above exposition ■of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
: day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of .
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
I given are additions to the soundings on the
i United States Coast Survey charts, except
l when a minus sign ( — precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIMK BAL.U
Branch Hydrographic. Office. XT. 8. N'.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 7, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. p., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, T". S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
. j
Mackinaw Taeoma Mar. 8
T^eelanaw Seattle Mar. 8
i llonßkongr M...|Chlna and Japan ! Mar. 8
Pomona IHumboldt [Mar. 8
! North Fork IHumboldt IMar. 8
j Alameda Sydney IMar. 8
! Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. I
! Willamette Seattle Mar. 8
; Chllkat Humboldt Mar. 8
I Weeott Coos Bay Mar. S
I Coquille River. Tlllamook Bay Mar. 9
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 9
Santa Rosa... . San Dleiro [Mar. 9
> Alliance Oregon Ports Mar. 9
I E. Thompson... Seattle Mar. 9
I Wellington [Departure Bay Mar. 10
I Luellu ICrescent City Mar. 10
| Mlneoia Taeoma Mar. 10
Coos Bay ! Newport {Mar. 11
Columbia Portland Mar. 11
Washtenaw Tacoma Mar. 12
Aloha Point Arena Mar. 12
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 13
Arcata ICoos Bay I Mar. 13
Corona San Diego IMar. 13
Czarina Seattle ! Mar. 13
C Nelson Pueet Sound |Mar. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City 'Mar. 14
Orizaba I Newport Mar. 15
Acapulco IPanama IMar. 1".
State of Cal [Portland 'Mar. 16
From.
STKAMRRS TO SAIL,.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Australia ..(Honolulu jMar. S, 2 pmjPler 7
Aloha Point Arena.. Mar. 8, 3 pm|pier 2
A. Blanch" d Coop Ray jMar. 8. 5 pm Pier 13
State of Cal Portland [Mar. 9. 10 am; Pier :'•»
Orizaba Newport IMar. 9. 9 ami Pier 11
Gaelic [China ftjapam Mar 9, 1 pmTMSS
Chilkat ....JHumboldt Mar. 3, 2pm|Pierl3
Area t a COOB Bay Mar. 9. in ami Pier 13
Wppott Yaqutna Bay.i Mar. 9. 5 ptnlPter 13
curacoa ...Mexico Siar.lo, 10 amlPler n
Pomona . ..IHumhoidt Mar. in. 2 pmlPier I
Santa RosalSan r>l*>(j» IMar. 11. 11 amPler 11
l't Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Mar. 11. 3 pm'Pler 2
Newport Alaska IMar 11. 12 m <Vnt»>r
Walla Wall, YU- A- P*t Sd.lMar. 12. in am|Pler 9
Coos Bny... Newport Mar. 13. 9 am.Pler 11
Columbia ..IPortland iMar. 14. in amlPler 24
Cnnmn |Sa.n Ple^o Mar. 16, 11 ami Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 7.
I* S stmr Brutus. Cottman. 77 days from
Manila, via Guam 35 days, via Honolulu 11
days.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, 53 hours from
( Soon Hay. >
Aus stmr Slam, Raiclch, 100 hours from Na
naimo.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, 67 hours from Newport
, and way ports. ,
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett. 32 hours from
V R n r "tmr Bristol. Mclntyre. 82 hours from l ...
Pa stmr e s?o a Ua, Lundquist. 20 hours from Rock-
PCrt - CLEARED.
• Tuesday, March 7.
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego; Goodali.
P »Sir" State* of California. Ooodall. Astoria;
G Italian lr stefaiio " Razeta, Schiappacass?,
Sydney; J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. March 7.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .' _ .■'_
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Bktn Gardiner City. Schmebl, Cooa Bay.
Brig Geneva. Aaas. Eureka,
Schr Ivy, Samueison.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
CHARTERS.
The Klikltat loads lumber at Port Ludlow
fT Horn lulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
point LOBOS. March 7. 10 p Weather
cloudy; wind west; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LT'DLOW— Sailed March Bchi Ban
ger, for San Pedro.
SAN PKDRO— .Sailed March fi S^hr Chall-u
--ger. for Port Townsend.
CASPAR Arrived March 7 Stmr Navarr
hein-f March 6.
GRAYS HARBOR- Sailed March s— Sohr Jnh-
F Miller, for San Francisco: schr Nori for
Santa Rosalia.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 7- Stmr HumMH^
from Dyea: stmr Czarina, hence March 3
Sailed March 7— Stmr Santa Cruz, for Ju
neau.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived March 7— Hr Btmr Car
lisle City, from Yokohama.
BANDON— Arrived March 7— Schr Seven Sis
ters, hence Feb 2".
REDONDO— Sailed March 7— Stmr Westpcrt.
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 7— ScJ Ban
gor, from Port Ludlow.
COOS BAY— Arrived March 7— Stmr Signal.
hence March 4.
NEWPORT Sailed March 7— Stmr Huenem*.
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived March 5— Stmr Chilkat.
hence March 5. March 7— Schr Jennie Ward,
j hence March 2.
Sailed March B— Stmr Chilkat. for San Fran
! cisco. March — Stmr North Fork, for Sa i
i Francisco; stmr Pomona, for San Franelscr..
• ASTORlA— Arrived March Schr Dewey,
from .
SOUTH BEND— Arrived March 7— Bark Au
reola, hence Feb 27.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK-Sailed March 6— Ship Emily P
Whitney, for- Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed March 6— Stmr Aca
pu!co, for San Francisco.
FREEMANTLE— Arrived March Ship El
well, from Moodyville.
YOKOHAMA— March 6— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, for Oregon.
Arrived March 6 — Br Ptmr Glenogle, from
Taeoma.
WELLINGTON. N Arrived March 7 -3r
stmr Aoranei. from Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL -- Arrived March 7— Br FhlD
Arago, from Oregon.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Feb s— Br ship Wnt
Law, from Oregon.
CARDlFF— Arrived March 4— Br ship Cam
brian Hills, from Oregon.
LIMERICK— Arrived March 6— Br ship Clack
mannanshire, from Oregon; Br ship John
Cooke, from Oregon.
SLIGO— March — Ital bark Giuseppe,
hence Get 6.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed March 6— Fr ship
Waterloo, hence Oct 21, for London.
PANAMA— SaiIed Feb 25— Stmr Acapulco, for
San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March S-Br ship
Arago, for Liverpool; Ger bark Windsbraut. for
(la! way.
A LOO A BAY— Arrived March s— Br ship Port
Patrick, hence Nov 30.
ADELAIDE— Arrived prior March 7— ship
Euterpe, from Honolulu.
VICTORIA— Arrived March 2— Br ship Drum
burton. from London; Br ship Foyle<ial», fmm
Yokohama. March — Chll bark Altcai ir^m
Callao.
PISAGUA— SaiIed March 4— Bktn Quickstep,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc^ Steamers leave Broadway
VQiifc, wharf. San Francisco:
KS^^RslW For Alaskan ports. I-" 1 a m..
; yCh| Mar 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27; Apr. 1;
i IKf^Ka change at Seattle.
Hl3lj|| For Victoria. Vancouver -iB.
IfifiSSSsSSSsni C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^SraJBSJ Tacoma, Everett. Anaco-rtes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 2, 7. 12. 17 22.
27- ADr 1 and every fifth day thereafter;
chance at Seattle to this company's steameni
P Rv • at Vancouver to C. Y. K>.
For Fureka (Humboldt Bay) 2p. m Mar S.
10 15. 20 25. 30; Apr. 4. and evary fifth day
thereafter. Monterey. San Simeon,
(■•vu,-n= Port H^rford (San Luis Obispo).
GaVVota Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
Pan redrn Kast San Pedro (Lo. Ange W) .and
Nawnort '■> a. m.. Mar. 1. B, ?. 13. IT. -'l. -=. -*.
A Y r 1 2. and .very fourth day
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Ray. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa R^aita
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m. Mar. Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
•The company reserves the right to charts
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
gn hours of sailinsr.
TICKET OFFIOK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, P^K^&CO..^^^ .
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Berth*
IAnC S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia Balls Feb. 12, 22: March 4, 14.
State or California sails Feb. 7. 17. 17.
March 9. _ ..
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
fftlSSlilC^ 19 S. for Honolulu
#^niDNIC^ l!l for Honolulu
■ ■•■■■% Wednesday. March 8.
»£&'KL^T > \ at The P S. m s. Alame^A
■■I limimi iiiiJ sails via Honolulu and
WiSrM Q>lw]llljlll r ' Auckland for Sydney
VgllipaiCtPat 10 p. m. tt „
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India, sues,
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 0tf1ce.327 Market St.
TOYO RISEN X AISH A.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, ana
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . .-
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March IT
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May
Round-trip tickets at reduced •> rates. For
freight and passage apply at company office,
421 Market Btreet, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS f -cat
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <2] Tft>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North JB*™
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 11
LA BRETAGNE March 18
LA TOURAINE March 2i
LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April i
First class to Havre, $63 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $4." 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Bt. Paul February 22 [St. Paul March 1*
St. Louis... March l'st. Louis March 11
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. IS noon.
Kensington. ...Feb'y l:|southwark March I
Noordland Feb'y 2?ltVesternland. .March 1*
Fiiesland March llECenFington March 23
EMPIRE LINE. ;
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pa*«
sage apply to ■-.:. •
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
10 Montgomery at.. • ny of its agencies
BAY AND BIVEB ST^AJf.EBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. .
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
n.. 8:16, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
; p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m.. 8 p. in.
landing and office. Mlssion-at. Dock. Pier No.
i. Telephone. Main 1608.
FARE , weFAVORITES IN
WINNING FORM
AT INGLESIDE
O'Connell the Only
Losing Choice.
YELLOV; TAIL BEATEN AGAIN
GOLDEN RULE LED FOSTER'S
CRACK OUT.
Imperious Scored Again for Pat
Dunne — Lavator Presented With
a Purse — Mary Black Cap
tured the Handicap.
Fred Foster's high-priced youngster,
Yellow Tail, again suffered defeat at In- j
pleside yesterday. He was one of eleven
starters in the three and a half furlong '
scramble for two-year-olds, and after get
ting away well was beaten through the I
ttrttch by Golden Rule. The latter, a 2 !
to 5 favorite, was knocked to his knees at
the start, by Florentii and then won com
fortably.
It was a rare good day for favorites. !
One after another thundered down the
l'.ne, until it came to the last event, when \
a halt was called. O'Connell, the vete- !
ran, an fc to 5 chance, finished third.
The defeat of O'Connell was not entirely ;
unexpected. The old horse was asked to
carry 123 pounds ana down such fast ones '
as Mary Black, Gualala and Mldllght. He |
chased Gualala for a way and then gave i
it up. Mary Black, ridden by Johnny
Keiff, and 7 and S to 1 in the betting, won I
easily from the light-weighted Good Hope.
With a capable rider on her back. Louis i
Ezell'a good filly Espionage showed to ]
much better advantage in the opening i
mile run, decided under selling conditions.
Starting a 7 to 5 favorite, with Hennessy
up, she passed Saintly before the stretch
was reached, and in a drive led Racivan
cut a head. The latter was heavily backed j
at the last minute, and though Rutter
rode a nice race on the gelding she could
not get up.
The third event, a Fix furlong sprint,
caw Lavator enjoy a cake-walk, coming
home in rag- time. The Jennings entry \
ruled an odds-on favorite, and won from
Winifred, with Spencer easing up. So- j
■ kombeo took the show.
Barney Sohrieber's Aluminum only cap- !
tured the live and a half furlong dash j
that followed by th narrowest of mar
gins. The ling, with Devln up, was an |
even money favorite, and after leading !
into the stretch just lasted long enough j
to earn the verdict from Sohnitz by a
nose. Midas beat two other cheap platers i
out for the show.
Imperious, at odds of even money, took
the seven furlong selling affair in a hard
drive from Benamela. Zamar ran a bad
■ third.
Turf Notes.
The Call, went down the line yesterday,
picking- all" six winners.
Eddie Jones and Spencer will not be seen '
in the saddle much at Ingleside. They do !
not fancy the rulings made by the stand.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Fiva furlongs; four-year-olds and
Upward; yelling:.
634 Xuncomar 10S; ... Polaskl 108
678 Elmer F 108 762 Main bar 104
"31 Spry Lark lOj' 770 ixlllo 11l |
. 528 Tullamore 10SJ 777 Crawford ... 10S
691 Gottlieb 104, 76') Fotente 104
7*4 Einstein 104' 345 Pon^o 107
<67S)Sevoy 104 777 February 105
...354 University 108) 777 Flora Hawk 102
• ' 749 Socialist 10-Ji 777 Xl Salado 102
Seccd Race — One mile; Belling:; three-year
.- olds and upward.
(6ss)The Fretter 94| 767 Magnus 103
76S Bonnie lone 1001 754 Whaleback 91
773 Gilterto 91i 773 'HStake 102
<723)J0e UHman 106! 773 Wyoming 105
(776)T0m Cromwell.. ll2' 7;. Hardly 106 :
760 Annowan 97i (749)E151n 91
6f<4 Jennie Reid 92, 773 Lady Hurst I<H
750 Opponent 102 ■. 779 Cromwell 109
Third Race— Short course steeplechase.
(6S2)Ld. Chesterfield. l 37; ... Vanity 125
775 Three Forks 143 (775) Tyro 148
■ 773 Monita 133 554 Huntsman U%
662 Reno US 554 J O C 143
718 Our Climate 14S
Fourth Race— Four furlongs; two-year-old
fillies: can View Stakes.
770 Sardine 115 (661)Mortg:age 115
770 Ella Boland 115 774 Kitty Kelly 115
Fifth Race— Five and a half furlongs; three- i
year-olds and upward: selling-.
7H The "Wooer 104! ... C.H.Harrison Jrlo4
7^2 Monda 104i(771)P1r Urlan 104:
73? Florence Fink.. .lo2] 780 Saintly 104
76? Campus 107 762 Festoso 107
751 Rio Chico....
Sixth — One mile; handicap; three-year
old!" and upward.
207 Fleur 'If lAs 102 (778>Survivor lfll
77J Jo« Mussle 90 f«3 La Penitente.... 95
712 Dr. Sheppard...l22. 777 Sardonic 90
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— El Salado, Einstein, Flora Hawk.
Second Race— L'llman, "Wyoming, Crom
well/
. Third Race— Reno, Lord Chesterfield, Vanity.
Fourth Race— Boland. Sardine, Mort
gage
"Fifth Race— Chieo, Saintly, The Wooer.
Sixth Race— Dr. -Sheppard, Survivor, Sar
donic.
Marsh's Entries Refused.
NEW ORLEANS. March 7.— "Weather
tool; track fast. Results:
\ First race, selling, one mile and a six- j
teenth—Eva Rice won. Elkln second, j
Guide Rock third. Time, 1:49.
. Second race, six furlongs-Sir Florlan j
won. Frank Bell second, Elmer S. third.
Third race, handicap, mile and a quar
trr over four hurdles— Laura May won,
T'tah second. Lacolona third. Time,
2 07
'Fourth race, handicap, six. furlongs—
Brigps won. The Star of Bethlehem sec
o«"l Dorah Wood third. Time, 1:15%.
Fifth race, one mile— St. Sophia won.
Midglcn second, Tom Shannon third. ,
1 sfxth I: lSce. selling, seven furion**—
•Rri'trht Night won. Nellie Prince second. |
Ma Angeline third. Time. 1:29%.
The stewards have recommended that I
the entries of. the horses Jimp and Prlnr"
of Orange, owned and trained by S. M.
Marsh be refused for \he remainder of
etlng.
AN EARLY FIRE.
Nearly Four Thousand Dollars Worth
of Damage Done on Fourth
Street.
A fire broke out at half-past 5 o'clock ,
ve=terrtay morning in the rear of the Sun
meat market on Fourth street near .
Mission. The Fire Department had the [
flames under control in about fifteen mm- ,
utrs. but considerable damage -was done.
The butcher shop of Robert
marhor In the rear of which tne nre
™rt.d wns damaged $300 worth, fully
. red by Insurance. Co-operative Gro
v 110 Fourth street, $1000 damage, in
■l. Mrs. Ann Lawrence s lodging
house over the grocery was damaged
in insurance. R. Munk's printing es
tablishment and residence sustained a loss
of $500. W. I. Matthews, watchmaker, ,
and David Braid. Btraw bat maker, were j
fi:tmap.il by water. j
All the buildings except that at 110
Fourth street are owned by v illiam ir
•v.in The total damage to his property Is
, .:,: by insurance.
Carelessness in trying out lard in the,
rear of the butcher shop was the cause I
of the fire. This is the fourth accidental
'. fire in the sanv; place in three months.
Marine Hospital Examination.
On May 2 of this year candidates for ad
mission to the grade of assistant surgeon
In the United States Marino Hospital serv-
I '.i examined. Applications must
fora April 22.
Lurline Salt Water Bath*.
Bush and Larkln »ts. Swimming. Russian, hot
iut4 cold tUD oaiiia, Bait water direct rromoce»»
TWO NATURAL BORN FIGHTERS.
_ /-> EORGE ("KID") T^AVIGNE, the Saginaw welter-weight champion, and "Mysterious Billy" Smith, the champion of ||
O I East port, Me., will meet on Friday evening in Woodward's Pavilion to battle for the championship of the class Q
',*> I T they represent. Jim" McDonald will referee the bout. Lavigne is a slight favorite in the betting because of the »*
£ *—* fact that lie has never suffered a defeat. Smith, although a hero of many hard-fought battles, has some black &
§ marks on his record, or, in other words, contests which were decided against him because of his then foul style of fight- p.
;• Ing. It is said, however, and on good authority, that In the last few years he has been conducting himself according to ci
<> rule and that he now finds the road to success is to be gained only by closely adhering to Queensberry requirements. £>
*■* The pugilists have trained most carefully for this coming contest, as both are well aware of the fact that success will *'
O. mean a great feather in the hat of the winner. .-0
«* Lavigne, as previously stated in The Call, has been stationed at his old favorite quarters, the Six Mile House, 2*
'&. since the day on which articles were signed. John L. Sullivan and "Jake" Kilrain were impressed with his appearance JO
88 when they visited him last week. Sullivan said that he was the greatest bit of human fighting flesh that he had ever jj?
Or seen, and predicted his success on Friday evening. jO
2$ "But, young fellow," blustered the retired champion heavy-weight, ""you must not forget that you will have a fight gi
O on your hands, because this fellow Smith is a whirlwind, and doesn't know actually when he is licked, for ho never lets <0
V up on his opponent." • J?
% According to the articles of agreement, the men must weigh in at 142 pounds. Smith will not be one ounce under H
q that weight, but Lavigne expects to enter the ring at 138 pounds. He will therefore be handicapped four pounds, and £j
ft so far as height and reach are concerned Smith will have a great advantage, as he is five Inches taller and three inches g?
O longer in the reach. £l
_O!«0%O%O?. O ! . 088 v v:-%O*;o?iD!.0 SSSSS BESBCBB O!*O S3 V*2 OSS 03*3 35050%0 883 CBSSKEBBCBB »Sis 88 » tSOSBXSBXSSOSIiCm
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, March 7, 1899.— Fifty -first
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
cloudy. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
yOA FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weigh- St.
14m.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
i Betting.
jOp. CL
766 Espionage I!'" 1 4
764 Racivan !■•. -
OK
647 Saintly I
673 Milt Young :
3 4
2 2
4 1
1 8
6
2 M
3 6
4 M
1 1
5
1 1%
2 1
4 %
3 3
5
1 H
2 5
3 V,
4 V*
5
1 : - Hennessy ....
210 Rutter
S3 J. Relff
4 ' 3 Spencer
6 IH. Martin....
6-5
3
8
3
6
6-3
3
13
5
9
Time— 1 *. :-"4: H. :50' 4 : ?i, V.Wii; mile. 1:43. Winner, L. H. Ezell's b. 1. by Inspector
B-Sun Maid. StraKgling start. Won first three driving.
Espionage was nicely ridden. So wad Raclvan. No excuses necessary. Saintly tossed
the sponge up early in the game.
7£il SECOND KACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olda; purse, $400.
Weig!.-
%m.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
: Betting.
Op. ''I.
Index. Horse.
(770) Golden Rule !■' 7
How Tall 116 2
(752) Innovat >r
... Orthia 107 4
... Florentla
... Gusto 108 L
... Honor Bright
7(J3 Ella de Poy
... Gold Finder
... AiTgen B 109 10
510 Matt Hogan 103; »
2 1
1 2
3 hi
5 4
7 Si
4 h
6 1
8 3
9 6
10
1 2 H» Martin....
2 6 IPlKgott
3 2 jHennessy
4 hi IRutter
5 4 jSiiencer
6 4 .Gray
7 2 I. Powell
& 3 jßutherford ..
9 5 .Loullller
10 iSnider '.
... iJ. Relff
1-3
3
10
12
10
50
50
100
50
150
30
1-3
5
12
20
100
100
300
100
150
SO
Time— 3-18 :18%; 7-16, :42^. Winner. E. Corrigan's eh. g. by Imp. Golden
Lucillt- Murphy. Bad ?t.irt. Won flrs-t three driving.
Golden RulV was knocked to his knees and then won. Yellow Tail stopped,
should do better next time. Florentla is a racy looking miss and has worked fast.
Garter-
Oithia
won THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
V&xn.
Vim,
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
B( ttlng.
Op. Cl.
595 Lava tor, 3 10S 1
541 Winifred, 3 I'M 2
756 kombeo, 4 117 3
702 Ulm, 3 109 7
(732) "SVatoPsa, 3 ....■ 105 5
762 Loa Troncos. 5 120 4
745 Glengaber, 3 109 6
756 Merry Boy, 5 120 *
598 Lavator, 3 108 1 ... UK II 14 16 Spencer 3-5 1-3
541 Winifred, 3 104 2 ... 2 2h 2% 2 1 H. Martin.... 5 6
kombeo, 4 117 3 ... 3 4 3 3 3 2 3 1 Thorpe 15 20
109 7 ... 6 4 610 0 4 4 h ;Her.nessy .... 8 15
73^) Wat':«M 3 ...-■ 106 5 ... 6 4 4> 3 4 1 510 J. Reiff 10 13
762 I»s Troncos. 5 120 4 ... 4i BVs 66 66 ;Macklln 60 150
745 Glengaber, 3 109 6 ... 7 7 7 7 Hyland 00 luO
756 Merry Boy. 5 120! • Flint 50 100
i 1"4
2 4
3 4*
6 4
5 4
4 i
7
1 5
2 h
3 3
6 10
4 4
6*
1 4
2 \
3 2
5 4
4 1
6 6
1 ' Spencer
2 1 H. Martin....
I 1 :Thorpe
4 h IHennessy
5 10 J. Reiff
6 6 !Marklin
7 H viand
Flint :....
•.Left
Time— U :2i; H. :49Vi : %. l:l5Vr Winner, W. B. Jennings' eh. g. by Salvator-Hot
Springs. Bad *tart. Won fasily. Second and third driving.
The race was a gift for Lavator. Ulm was almost left. He could have been second.
Others of little consequence.
Scratched— Cl-"lora 104, Purnlah 109.
■yOQ FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
C OO» purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St
Vim.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
itlng.
Cl.
688 Aluminum, 4 106 I
r.nitz. a 113« 2
763 Midas, a
m Powers, 4 116 4
672 Znrazzo. 5 '-
3 4
1 2
2 h
4 3
6
1 hi
2 1
jl
1 4
2 2
3 4
4 3
5
1 h IDevtn
2 4 H. Martin
3 n jPlgfrott
4 10 iM.-irklin
5 JRutter
l 1
3 5
6 5
8 11-2
6 12
Time— 3-16. :IS%; 7-16, :43>4: 5H furlongs, 1:09%- Winner, B. Schrelber's eh. g. by Idal-
lum-Glitter. Good start. Won first three driving.
Pevin rode a superb race on the winner. Midas stopped.
itched — Zarro ll l^. Lomo 110.
*7 GA FIFTH KACE— Seven furlongs; Belling-; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
Vjm.
%m.
!str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
! Betting.
|Op. Cl.
71S Imperious, 4 I"2' 2
:;ime!a, c V 4
767 .Zamar 11, S 107 1
yhurst, 6 105' 3
2 h
3 n
1 2
4
2 1
3 1
1 2
4
2 h
3 8
1 1
4
1 V,
2 1
3 10
4
1 %
2 6
3 10
4
(H. Martin
;Thorp«
IRutter
JDevln
1
E
8-5
10
1
7-2
0-2
20
Time— >4. :23: H. <9: %. 1:O2V«: %, 1:28*4. Winner. P. Dunne's b. g. by Morello-Helen
Scratch. Good Ftart. Won first three driving.
The winner was best. Zamar ran without his medicine. In other words, he was dead.
Scratched— Rlnstf In 102. Meadow Lark 102.
•7QC SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; puree, $400.
Ind«x. Horse. Age. Weight St.
V m.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1 Betting.
|Op. CI.
659 Mary Bla"k, 4 ■ <
od Hope, 3
■!!. a 123 2
C 773) Midllght, E 102' 3
1, a
3 1
2 2
« 8
1 1
2 1
5
3 1
4 3
1 H
1 1
5
4 1
3 h
2 H
1 h J. RelfT
2 1 Hal Brown
3 2 Plggott
4 2% H. Martin
5 JMcNlchols ...
5 4
10 16
3 8-5
4 8
3 18-5
Time— Vi, :24; V 4, 47U; %, 1:14%. Winner, K. Wlshard's b. m. by Imp. Isllngton-SonK-
streps. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Mary Black found thf> game easy. Gualala was short. O'Connell blew up early. The
vultures ff-asted on the bones of the unfortunate Mldlight.
Scratched— Tammany Hall II 102. Orion 99.
________ ADVERTISEMENT* .
— ®®®®®®<!)@®®<sXB)®^ ■ — —
CjjWl. i Because I cure disease without them. Because in all the years of my
./^£g3T^vt*>. practice I've found nothing so good as Electricity. This is a natural and
jfp}* " \<c\SJK pleasant remedy and a sure one. I've cured men and women after they've
I^SP /^v>M tried all kinds of medicines; and aftor they've been tortured and disappoint-
JS3 \isi\li cd. Drugs have used up many a man and his money, too.
Mm MY ELECTRIC BELT
*C?W^Sfe^*"^'y i f* * Is a great cure for nervous weakness and severe pains. It reaches every
yzeff&t _34&£s^ -«; case I undertake to cure; and more than this, you feel its gladdening power
o^^^§SpS-^^~^^<^^h the moment you put it on. Lay your prejudice aside. Just be reasonable. Get
e^^^^J^^S^^^^W'^ one of my Belts for that rheumatism or kidney trouble. For weakness in any
wri&&ZZ%"'iA .sffiZ^tSffi/fi of the vital parts it is a heaven-born power. For indigestion and attendant
Mtm^^^'^'ilK/^^J^^^^^ headaches, or inactive liver, it acts like magic. Strong testimony for what
*M£^W/j/Js2^r-^^ y l£? 1 am now telling you comes to me every day. On March 6 Mr. Frank Kelly
««>i^/.K4W//////^w of pj e( mon t avenue, Oakland, writes: "I bought one of your No. 7 Belts last
October for general rheumatism, in fact I had it in different parts of the body,
principally In my back. I wore the Belt about three weeks and since that time I've not had a pain or ache. I
also suffered from indigestion and constipation and your Belt has cured me of these ailments also. I cheerfully
recommend the Belt to all who suffer from , the above complaints, feeling sure that benefit will be derived in
any case." Call and see my Belt, or send for my book, "Three Classes of Men." I mail it free.
nD M A MnT ATTITHT TN 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco
UK. m. A. mcL.iiuiinL<in, Or 204 , 2 S(mth Bpoadway) sA D gele 8 .
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays 10 to I. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
>«o<&O4>O^o<so ♦O * O ♦o^oso4>Os>o<s O^O^OS'O^O^O ♦ O O <$O^o4>os>O<£O'*O«>o«>os'O<>O<fcO ♦O * O <f>O#O<£O^O^O«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1899.
THE LOVE OF
A SAILOR HAS
TURNED TO HATE
Duerrbeck Courted a
Married Woman.
LAVISHED MONEY ON HER
JOSEPHINE BARTLETT'S DECEIT
GETS HER IN TROUBLE.
A Warrant Is Now Out for Her Ar
rest on a Charge of Obtaining
Money by False Pre
tenses.
That "the course of true love never j
runs smooth" has been again exempli- :
fied in the case of W. T. Duerrbeck and j
Josephine Bartlett, and instead of being i
happily married, as Duerrbeck fondly ex- j
they would bo, he has now asked '
the aid of the law to send Josephine to
San Quentin on a felony charge.
Duerrbeck is a seafaring man and lives
at 133 East street. He was of a saving
disposition and accumulated wealth. Two !
years ago he met Josephine in a dance |
hall and was attracted by her appear- |
ance. He frequented the dance hall sev- j
era! times and spent .his money lavishly ■
so that Josephine might earn a good com
mission. Finally they agreed to dwell to- '
gether and he furnished a nice home for I
her. On his return from one of his trips
he thought he had reason to be jealous
and the home was broken up and so was
the furniture.
The sailor's love for Josephine hurned |
as fiercely as ever and a reconciliation '
was effected. Josephine expressed a <I< -
sire to keep a rooming- house, as it would !
not be so lonesome for her when he was
at sea, and October 20 last he pave her ;
$450 to purchase the lodging-house at 230
O'Farrell street. She paid the money to.
Mrs. Eliza Stokes, the landlady, and took '
possession of the house.
All this time Josephine had led Duf>rr
beck to believe that she was an unmar
ried woman and would marry him when
he named the happy day. It was agreed
that after he returned from his next trip
to Alaska the marriage would take place.
He arrived a few days ago and. procur
ing the marriage license, went to 2*)
O'Farrell street and was surprised to find
that Josephine had sold out the place and
left the city.
On making inquiry he ascertained that
Josf-phine at the time he met her had a
husband. Albert E. Bartlett. He came to
the conclusion that she had swindled him
and pla'-ed the matter in the hands of his
attorneys. The result was that yesterday,
accompanied by his lawyers, he waited ;
upon Judge Mogan and swore to a com
plaint charging Josephine with a felony
In obtaining money by false pretenses.
Altogether he said hn had squandered !
about $4000 on Josephine and her whims.
The woman In the case is at present in j
Ran Jose and the warrant was sent to |
Chief Kidward with instructions to arrest !
her As soon as she is apprehended a de- |
tective will be sent to bring her back to
the city.
Not the Murderer.
Loul© Lung, the Chinese arrested Mon- \
day by Detectives Wren and McMahon
on suspicion of having kicked to death
Quong Guey, the slave girl, at 23Mj Ross
alley, was released from custody yester
day morning. Louie was able to prove
conclusively that he had nothing to do
with the murder and had never been in
hiding, as was alleged.
PARDON' FOR JOHNSON.
Effort Being Maae on Behalf of a
Convicted Counterfeiter.
A petition is in circulation asking the
Governor to pardon Thomas Johnson, now
serving a seven years' sentence in the
San Quentin Penitentiary for count
ing. ? Johnson has already served two
years or his sentence. It is represented
that he has a wife and two young chil
dren dependent upon him for support;
that the crime of which he was convict
ed was his first offense and that he has
been already sufficiently punished.
Ex-Assistant United States Attorney
Schlesinger prosecuted Johnson and has
signed the petition. It will be presented
to United States Circuit Judge Morrow
for his signature to-day.
Double Tracks to Holy Cross.
Superintendent Clayton of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
way Company broke ground yesterday on
Dolores and Chenery streets preparatory
to laying a double track from Thirtieth
and Guerrero streets to Holy Cross Ceme
tery. The company has but recently fin
ished laying a double track on its Eigh
teenth-street western branch leading to
Golden Gate Park.
The Holy Cross line will be constructed
very substantially, and the company will
hurry the rebuilding of the long line
through the two counties, and may event
ually go direct to the town ot Sun Mateo
via Baden.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I liear¥l)isease.
! SOME FACTS REGARDING THE RAPID
', INCREASE OP HEART TROUBLES.
► _
! Do Not Be Alarmed, but Look for
> the Cause.
| Heart troubles, at least among the
■ j Americans, are certainly increasing, and
I I while this may be largely due to the ex-
I citement and worry of American busi-
| ness life it is more often the result of
weak stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real organic disease is Incurable; but
not one case in a hundred of heart
trouble Is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion is because both organs
are controlled by the same great nerves,
the Sympathetic and Pneumogastric.
In another way also the heart is affect-
ed by the form of poor digestion, which
causes gas and fermentation from half-
digested food. There is a feeling of op-
pression and heaviness in the chest,
caused by pressure of the distended stom-
ach on the heart and lungs, lnterefering'
with their action; hence arises palpita-
tion and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
making it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble is to improve the digestion and
I to insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use
i after meals of some safe, pleasant and
i effective digestive preparation, like Stu-
I art's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be
found at most drugstores and which con-
tain valuable, harmless digestive elements
in a pleasant, convenient form.
It is safe to say that the regular per- '•
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspspsia Tablets
at meal time will cure any form of stom-
ach trouble except cancer of the stomach.
Full sized packages of these tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents. Little book on ,
stomach troubles mailed free. Address F. ,
A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
/deaf
I Fop OLD and YOUNG.
I ADULTS' BICYCLES
With O&TliSts $30.
With Cemented Tires, $25
CHILDREN'S MODELS.
26-inch wheels.. $2.1 .OO |
24-inch wheels --..".o
20-inch wheels 20.00
I THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & 10th,
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & 10th,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings.
I
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary^
625 KJEABNY ST. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind ana
Skin Diseases, The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low
. Cnrmrßwnßtffil. Callorwrlta
j)r. J. Jt". «t>iIJBBO3i, Box 1857. 5 an Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. ©very SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In Nsv#
York at I:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DININQ CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob,
eervatlon Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Sill FBAMCISCQ TIKEfIfFICE— MARKET SL
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioa— 2ol J Strset.
San Jom Offio*— West Santa Olara Si
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
»^-^^*ss^Mflk VIA THE
H^P'Union Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH PARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CAR 9.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPER*
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 2% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves Baa Francisco daily at I p. ax.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
Ko. 1 Montcomery street, San FraacUco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL OFFERINGS
TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
ID Connection With the Sale of
J. SAMUELS' BANKRUPT STOCK.
LADIES' TAILOR=MADE SUITS.
At $6.90.
LADIES 1 ' CHEVIOT CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, fly front Jackets, lined with
silk serE?, skirts well lined and faced. Jackets and fklrts all tailored seams;
good value for $M 00; will be offered at $6 90 each.
At $10.00.
LADIES' TAII.OR-MADE SUITS of black and navy serge, fly front. Jacket lined
with silk serge; value for $15; will be ». laced on sale at $10 00.
F\t $15.00.
LADIES' VENETIAN CLOTH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, tight-fitting Jackets, lined with
t-ilk. perfect hanging, skirts well line.J and bound with velvet; worth $20 00; will be
offered at $15 00 each.
At $20.00.
LAI 'IRS 1 TAII.OR-MADE SUITS, in black, navy and green, fly front Jackets, hand-
somely trimmed with braid, skirt line.l with pereal^ie and braided to match Jack-
ets; good value for $27 50; will be offered at $20 00 each.
LADIES' JACKEBIND CAPES.
At $4.90.
LADIES' KERSET CLOTH JACKETS, fly or double-breasted fronts, faced with Bilk
serge; regular price $10 00; will be placed on sale at $4 80 each.
At $7.50.
LADIES' KERSET AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly or double-breasted fronts,
faced with silk, some plain, others trimmed with braid; good value for $12 60; will
be placed on sale at $7 50 each.
At~59.75.
LADIES' KERSET AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with silk;
were $15 00 and $17 50; will be offered at $9 75 each.
At "$5.00.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 27 Inches, collar and fronts edged with Thibet fur-
good value for $10 CO; will be offered at $3 00 each.
At"57.45.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, some plain, others trimmed with braid and beads collar
and fronts edged with Thibet fur; were $12 60 and $15 00; will be placed on saie
at $7 45 each.
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
At $1.45.
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suiting, well lined and bound-
regular price, $3 00; will be placed on 3ale at $1 45 each.
At"53.75.
LADIES' BLACK SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and bound with velvet; rood
value for $5 00; will be placed on sale at $3 75 each.
At $6.90.
LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and faced, bound with" vel-
vet; extra good value for $10 00; will be offered at $6 90 each.
{/[/ Murphy Bulldln*. I Butldtn*. 1
Martet aii Jones Streeti. Market and Jones Streets.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CILIFOBPfFA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
LESBHJE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:S8.
8:80, 6:10. 6:80 p. m. Thuradays— Extra trio
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
trNDAYS— 9:88, 11:00 a. m.] 1:80, 8:8*.
6:00, 6:20 p. n».
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
«TEEK DAYS— 7:B0, »;80. 11:10 a. m.! 13:48,
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips si
; 1:88 and 6:86 p. m.
AYS— B:IO. »:4^ UilO a. m.) li 4*. M*,
6;00. 8:25 p. m.
Bat-ween San Prancinoo and Schoetsaa Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Attlt»
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Friuiolsosx
. . October 18. ' ■
Week I Sun- IS9B, Sun- i Week
Days. * Days. Destination, day*. I day».
V:9O am 8:00 am Noreto. 10:40 am 8:40 am
. 8:80 pm 8:80 am Petaiuma 8:10 pm, 10:88 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:83 pm 8:88 pa
Fulton,
f iSO am Windsor. Witt am
Beaidsburg,
Lytton.
G«yserrlll«,
BiBopm IHWam aoverdale. 7:86 pm 1 1x8 pa
Hcpland and
7:30 am Ukl&h. 7:86 pm 8:t8 pa%
"t :80 am "~ lOiSSaa
8:00 am Grnmeynile. T:B6 pm
8:80 pm *•** P"
T :80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
I 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Olea Bllen. 6:10 pm B:33pm
I V :3O am am B«bae*opo2. 10 -.40 am 10:86 am
I BiSopm 6:00 pm|' ftß6 pm hMpm
Stßges conneot at Eanta Kssa for Mara, Weft
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
servllle for eW[> Springs: at Cloverdala for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springe.
Highland Springs, Kels.yvint, Carlsbad
Bprlngn, Soda Bay. Lekeport and Bartlett
Springs; at tTtlah for Viohy Bprtn»i Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
BpricKS, Upper Lake, Porno Potter alley,
John Day*. Riverside. LlerWs, BuoknAirs,
Panhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. BoonevUle, Orr*s
; Slot Springs. Mendoolno City. Fort Brass;,
&>«tport. T*sal. Wiimts_^ Laytonvllle. Cum»
•nine's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka. ■ .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
On 0 Bumfay* round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket Offices. «0 Market St.. Chronlo^ Mdg*
H. C. WHITI^O, R. X. STAR,
J3eaera: Maoaaw. O«n. Pa«« A*ent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saumlito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *9:30. 11:00 a. m.: *I:4§,
1:46. 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturday e at 11:89 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «B:OO. n0:00. «ll:a» a. m.; *!•*
8:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Q " n v T ,~oo«
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. •6:35. 7:45, "9:30 a. m.;
•12:?0, 2:20. «J:45. 5:05 p. m. _" M ■■■
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ■ _.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. »10:00. 11:55 a. m.:
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • starts from San Qf*?" l^--,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. *:40 a. m.!
EXTRA TRIPS o^i 'Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 P. m.
SUNDAYS-*:*. 10:05 a. m.: 12:06. I.M. 8:M.
6:00. «:J0 p. »- HROTjaH TRAIN g
t:IO a. m. week days— Cazadero and way IU as.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. JS, 1899, trains will run as follows^
South-bound. . I North-bound. ■
paesen- Mixed.. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. jExc'ptd Exc'ptd \ Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
»:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 11:40 pm 4:18 pm
10:40 ami 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 ami 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
1 I:XS pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11: CO am
11:59 am 6:25 pm' Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm: Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm,
' Stopping: at intermediate points as required. '
For particulars of stage and other connections'
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Market
■trMt, pan Xniii Cisco- '
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
••UTiiimar PACtric cohmst.
(PAOIFIO STBTXM.)
rralas lM<f find sro «in« (• nrrl»« at
WAN FItANt'ISCO.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street.)
uati — From Deo. 18. 1888. — abuts
•6:OOa Kile*. Sao Jose and Way Stations... *Bi49a
7 iOO a. Benlcla, Suieun and Sacramento. . . . S:43r
1 iOOa MaryirUle. OroTlileand Redding ria
Woodland 0:43p
TiOOa Klmlra, Vaoarllle and Ramsey Bi43r
7i»»a MarUnei, San Baman, Vallejo. Napa,
Callstoga and Santa Rosa «:13p
8<O«a Atlantic Express. Ofden and Kast.. Si«sr
BiaoA Sau June. LlTermore. fltooliton,
looe, Saararaeutq, PlaoerTlile,
Mary»Tlll«, Chioo, Red Bluff 4il3p
• iS»a *3fllton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4ilop
8h««A. M artinea. Trscj, Lathrop, Stockton,
Meroed and Fresno. I»il3»
•■••a Fresno, UakersQeld. 'Santa Darbara,
Los Angeles, Doming. El Pseo,
New Orleans and Bast «i 43
I»>OOa Valiejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43?
lfti««K NQm, li»ermore, took ton, oacr*-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
PorterrUle ». 4«I3»
•HOOP Sacramento R<Ter Steamers ••!••#
4iOOr Martiues, Sau lUmon. Vallejo,
Napa, O»lla ( .M», Santa Rosa Vila*
4iOOp Senleia, VacavUle, Saeraninnto,
Wootliand, KulghU Landing.
Eaarjrrille, OrorUt 10:49 a
4iBOp Ban Joee and Stookton 7:13*
tt:<K>pS»n Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited, rresoo, B&kenfield. Let
Angelas 9:48*.
9:SOp Stockton, Meioed, Freeuo. 12:13*
•iSOP Martinet, Traoy, Uendota, Fresno,
MoJiiTe, Saute ITarbara and I-o«
Aageles , •«48a
|B:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. sH.
Louis. Chicago and East 19:454
•■IOP riant* Pc liuuic, Atuuatls ..»i>rf.-u>
for MoJ»»o ami Kwl •»•»»
HiOOr Kuropean Mall. O( lt-i. and Kaat.... 9i43*
6tO«p Harwards. NUes and San Jose 7i4S a.
••IOOr Vaflejo ia»lsp
tl«OOr VaUeio. Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions J9i43»
•IOOr Oregou Sacramento. Marys.
*!ile, Reading, Portland. Puget
Hound and Bast SilSta
•l*i«3r Suosirt Limited. Fresno, I. os
Angeles, £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East 61i4»»
' SAS LBAMIBU AMI* HAHVAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~~\ Mcl roue. SoMinarr Park, (
8:00 a VUthinrw, Klmhsinit, 0i«»4
<«iv« 4 Bsn I.»A!«iirn, Sontli Si» |»Oi4s v
lO.OOa li«andro, l>tiidHlo, 10:43 a
illiOOA ■ Lorenso, Cherry • I ? r * 3 ?
■i»Or »n i tls4.-»p
8>0»p Hazards. '»•«'
' IOOF I BoM through to Nile.. 7t4ir
- ) l Prom Kites. I
CdAST IHVIMIOS (Snrrow (J«nge).
(Foot of Market Street.) m
' Si ISa Newark. Center* Hie, San Jose.Fei ton. "~
' Boulder Creek, Santa Crui and Way
Station*. 3>3w»
••liar Newark, Onterrllle, San Jose, New
Al&aden, Peltoo, Boalder Creek,
Santa Ortiz and Principal Way
Station* M0i.1»4
«il3pHewark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 0:8»a
flli43p Ranters' Excursion, San Joss and
Way 8Utlon» {?»»•»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FmiSlll rillOUCO— Fool «f M>rk«t Sire.i (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. a. tl:I3 *3:00 >3:C)
•4:00 18:00 'SiOOr.!*.
rrmOltUXß— r**4srßru4«iT.— -0:00 8:00 10:00 A.a,
112:03- «l:00 12:03 *3:00 11:33 "KflP.la,
* COAST IMTISKM i ßroad tlange).
(Third and Townseml St«.)
7>«oa Bail Jon and Way Stations (New
Alnadeu Wednesdays 0u1y )...,... lißwV
■■••a Baa Joe«, Tret Pino*. Hatita Cm*.
Pacific I'lrine Paso Rubles, Sail
],nli ( Ujhpo Quadalurae, Suit and
Principal Way Stations 4«I0*
f*l4*A Baa Jose and Way Stations *BiUOa
HiSOa Baa J>we ami Way Buttons BiS3*
•«i4Br flan Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
" . Palo Alto, Baata Clara, Sau .lose. -
Ollroy. HoUister, Hastto Cms.
Salinas, Monterey aud Paoifl«
Orete M«iBBt
nMlwp Baa Jose and Way Stations • 9:004
•4tl9r San Joee and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
■StvOraaa Joat and Principal Way Stations 6<B3a
9:SOr Sao Jose and Principal Way Stations O:3Op
6i3«ir San Jose aa<l Way Statlous 7:30*
f11:43r San Jose ami Way Stations 7iBop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
'Hnnriayaeicepted. X Sundays only, i Saturdays only
and Thursdays. aTnesdays and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. bTharsdars and Sundays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via SausaUto "erry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing; Sunday.
Bept. 11. 1898: - "'
Week Day*— 9:» a. m.. 1:41 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, U:tO a. m.. 1:15 Q, OBU 1
Round trip from Mill '/alley, H. ;
THOS COOK A SON. Assnta. €Ti MayftM
street. San Francisco. • j
Weekly Call, $1.00 w Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SOLID SIX
MAY YET BE
A-SCHEMING
Its Low Ordinance Is
Not Favored.
WAITING FINAL PASSAGE
ITPTON'S FIGURES MAY NOT
BE ACCEPTED.
After the Election Some of the Pres
ent Peculiarities May Be Made
Clear — Doubt of Good
Faith.
Oakland Office* San Francisco Call,
Broadway, 7.
Will the "Solid Six" remain dieinteg- j
rated when the water rate ordinance
come? up for final passage, or are they
merely "playing 'possum" until after the
election to hoip out the only two of their
number who are candidates for re-elec
(Vatkinson and Woodward? A com- j
parlson of the ordinance passed to print j
last night by the Council with the ordi- |
nance introduced by Mr. Earl and the old
ordinance prepared by ex-Councilman
Manuel shows that Earl and Manuel agree
In every particular. In fact, Mr. Earl, for
reasons best known to himself, merely
copied 0•■ old Manuel ordinance and j
handed it in to the Council. Mr. Upton's j
ordinance, which was. passed, is far more
generous to ;he water company than that
of the Juanuel-Eurl ordinance, but the I
gentlemen who framed it declare that it j
is only |ust to the corporation and not
too high. Four years ago. when Manuel j
was in the Council, representing the same ;
element that is now being represented by [
the consistent five Councilmen— Cuvellier,
Upton, Bowe, Girard and Pringle— he pre- \
pared his ordinance after much research. |
There was at that time a desire to run j
things to extremes, and the ordinance |
would not have paid any dividends on j
Btock had it been in force. This has been i
true although the ordinance was never en
forced, rate-cutting commencing between
the rival companies soon after its passage.
Ten days must elapse before the ordi
nance comes up for final passage. Last
night three members of the "six" went
to the other side and sustained I pton s
ordinance. Earl, Watkinson and Broana
han alone voted for the Manuel-Earl or
dinance which is about one-half or per- I
haps one-third of the schedule favored
by those three gentlemen last year. In
the interval the election will take place,
and after that all members of the Council
will breathe more freely and feel more
comfortable. . I
Just what part the water monopoly is
taking in the fixing of rates and in the i
present campaign is not very clear. While
there is a need of a high rate to enable if|
to float the newly issued bonds and stock,
there is no desire to give the business a
black eye in the money market by raising ,
a riot on account of "dealing" with the
City Council. With the two companies
United, operating expenses will be largely
reduced, and it would seem that a lower
rate could therefore be levied. The situa- j
tion just now is ludicrous. The men cred-
Ited with being tied to the corporation
have introduced figures considerably lower
than those of the other element In the
Council, and yet the figures of Mr. Earl ,
are precisely those of the predecessors
In the Council of "the five. The ordinance
wfll come up for final passage in two
weeks, and then it will be seen what kind
of a trick— if a trick at all— the Solid {
Bix" is trying to perform.
CONDUCTOR PELTON
KILLED BY A TRAIN
STEPS DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF A
LOCOMOTIVE.
He Is Badly Crushed and Dies Whil»
Being Removed to tho<Fabiola
Hospital.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, March 7.
George E. Pelton, a conductor on the
/laywards local train, was si ruck by the j
engine of the Oakland ' local at Brooklyn;
station at 9:iJO this morning and so badly
Injured that he died while being removed I
to the Fabiola Hospital. Pelton left his j
home at 1418 Eignth avenue a few mm- i
uus after 9 o'clock, intending to catch the j
9:30 train to the pier. As the train pulled ,
into the station Pelton. for some reason :
that can be explained only on the theory j
of absent-mindedness, stepped out on the
track directly in front of the advancing ,
engine. He was struck by the cylinder of
the locomotive and knocked down, falling
beneath the steps of the forward coach. '
He was picked up in an unconscious con
dition badly crushed about the body and
Euffering from a number of severe bruises ,
about the head. The unfortunate man i
was put aboard the train and taken to the j
Broadway station, where an ambulance ]
from Fabiola Hospital was in waiting, but
expired while en route to that institution \
and the remains were taken to the I
morgue.
Deceased had been employed by the I
Southern Pacific Company most of the
time as a conductor for fifteen years, and
was regarded as one of its most trusted
employes. He was extremely popular j
with the patrons of the road, and his un
timely death will be deeply regretted. He ■
was 49 years old and leaves h lamily con
sisting of a widow, mother, a daughter
13 years old and a widowed daughter with
a little child. He was a member of the
Brotherhood of Railway Conductors,
which organization will have charge of
the funeral arrangements. The remains
will be interred in the family plat In Mon
terey.
Coroner Mehrmann and a jury Inquired
into Pelton's death to-night, and found
a verdict of accidental death. The jury
also exonerated from all blame the crew I
of the Seventh-street local, which struck
Pelton. Deceased was a native of Wis
consin, aged 49 year?.
DEMOLISHED THE FURNITURE
James Gregory Wrecks His Homa
Witn an Ax.
OAKLAND, March 7— James Gregory,
an upholsterer, residing at 1647 Market
street, had a dispute with his wife this
morning anl proceeded to get even by j
demolishing his household effects with an
ax. Mrs. Gregory escaped from the house
while the work of demolition was going
cm and rushing to the City Hall swore
to a complaint charging her husband with
disturbing the peace. When Officer Cur
rlss arrived on the scene with the war
rant Gregory had barricaded the doors
and locked himself in the basement. The
officer finally forced an entrance, but
Gregory fled through the back door and
tried to escape. He was overhauled after
an exciting chase over fences and through
the gardens of neighbors and then
showed fight, but was quickly subdued.
Every stick of furniture in the house had
been reduced to kindling wood. Kren the
family album had been hacked to pieces
by the enraged man. Gregory was re
cently arrested on a charge of drunken
ness and judgment was suspended during
his good behavior. He will probably be
severely dealt with for his latest out
break.
Alameda Driving Association.
A LAMEDA, March — The Alameda
Driving Association held its annual meet-
In" ait evening in the office of H. P.
Mpreal. The following officers were elect-
Charles 8. Neal, president; John Lut
jen vice president; Ivy L. Borden treas
nrer- A. O. Gatt. secretary; Messrs.
Thorns and I.utjen, executive committee.
DEMOCRACY
IS WONDERING
WHERE IT IS
Is Repudiated by Its
Own Organ.
CAPTAIN HACKETT MOVES
A SECRET CONVENTION STIRS
UP MUCH INTEREST.
Auditor Snow Returns to the City
and Will Attend Personally
to His Campaign for
i- Mayor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 7.
Oakland has never had such a campaign
as she Is now enduring. Never before hai.
everything been so completely mixed up
and party lines po far stretched. The most
interesting row is among the Democracy.
This party, which has generally been in
the minority, does not quite know where
it is Without Its knowledge a few of its
leaders put up a proposition several
months ago to indorse the candidates of
the Municipal League, provided that some
of the candidates were Democrats. The
league met, and being more anxious for
Republican support than Democratic sup
port it nominated none but Republicans.
The Democrats started out to make a
campaign for themselves and found to
their sorrow that the only Democratic or
gan around the bay was against them.
It had decided to support the Republican
ticket, and but for the kindly feeling of a
local newspaper the Democracy might
have made a campaign and no one have
been the wiser. Not only has their organ
served the Democracy with notice that it
can expect no favors but it Is ignoring
iht-m entirely, and although Beth Mann,
chairman of the State Central Democratic
Committee, and Hon. W. W. Foote have
taken part in the campaign their names
have neyer appeared in the party's organ.
After declaring tnat he would not make
any kind of a light for the office of City
Auditor, Captain Ed Hackett, the Demo
cratic nominee, has changed his mind and
he started oui to-day to decorate the town
-with red and black posters. This has add
ed interest to th<- contest for this office.
A. H. Breed, the Republican nominee,
will draw the full vote of his party, while
D. C. Hinsdale will share the balance of
the vote with Captain Hackett.
Much curiosity has been shown regard
ing a secret convention which was held
on the l^th of February at Hamilton Hall.
It has been generally understood that no
issues outside of purely political ones
should be brought into this campaign, and
the candidates are anxiously working to
discover, if possible, what was done, at
■ret conclave.
R. W. Snow, the Republican nominee
for Mayor, is now actively conducting his
own campaign. He reports the outlook
as being very favorable to the whole He
publican ticket, and expects to see a
sweeping victory next Monday.
SECRET MARRIAGES ARE
IN VOGUE IN ALAMEDA
LUCY O'BRIEN ASTOUNDS HER
FRIENDS.
She Was Wedded Last November in
a Romantic Manner and Now
Confesses the Fact.
ALAMEDA, March 7.— Alameda is de
veloping a wealth of clandestine mar- \
riag-es. Following close upon the heels of
the Shane-Homeier romance comes an
other love affair, ending in a wedding in
which James Connely of Petaluma and
Miss Lucy O'Brien of this city were the
principal figures.
Connely has been paying court to Miss
O'Brien for nearly a year, but the mother
of the young lady objected to the Peta
luman as a son-in-law and forbade him to
visit the O'Brien home. However, early
last November the couple met in San
Francisco by appointment and were mar
ried by a Justice of the Peace. The bride
returned to her Alameda home and kept
her secret. A few days ago the husband
secured employment at the Presidio in j
San Francisco and sent word to his wife
that he was prepared to provide for her, i
and suggested that it was about time that j
she should place herself under his pro
tecting care.
Without consulting her mother the ;
young lady packed a few of her belong
ings and joined her husband. As soon as
Mrs. O'Brien discovered her daughter' a
absence she jump'-'i at th>- conclusion that
there had been an elopement in the fam- :
ily and did everything she could to appre
hend the runaway. .Later Mrs. O'Brien re- |
ceived a letter from the young lady di
vulging the secret wedding and stating
that she and her husband were living to
gether happily in San Francisco. Mrs.
O'Brien has not yet recovered from the
shock.
This is not the first experience of the
kind in the O'Brien family. All of the
daughters— three in number — have sur
rounded their matrimonial affairs with a
tinge of romance. One eloped to Los An
geles, where she subsequently died. An
other, who was a teacher in the Alameda
public schools, was secretly married to a
commercial traveler from Oregon. She
continued teaching until she was forced
to resign her position, when her marriage
announcement was published. Pubs>-
quently she joined her husband and is now
living in the East. Miss Lucy's escapade
makes the career of the young ladies
completely and truly romantic.
Said He Was Held Up.
OAKLAND, March 7.— John Wood of
East Oakland reported to the police "to
night that he was held up by two well
dressed strangers near Twelfth and
Oak streets about 10 o'clock and relieved
of $60 in gold. He had on his person also
three watches, which the footpads did not
disturb. The police are inclined to dis
credit Wood's story.
ADV7IBTTSEMENTS.
If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y»
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
i
Insist Upon Receiving
Hnny adi Janos
HATt/RAIi APERIEST WATER,
the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER/
Budapest.
THE PA!N" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY", MARCH 8, 1899.
INVADED CELL
OF AN ACCUSED
MURDERESS
Sensation Sprung in
Mrs. Brandes' Case.
CHARGES BY HER ATTORNEY
SAWYER AVERS THAT OFFICERS
ASKED HER QUESTIONS.
William A. Brandes' Trial Delayed
Through the Sudden Illness
of One of the Jurors,
Philip Sieben.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 7.
Attorney F. W. Sawyer endeavored to
create a sensation in Judge Hall's depart
ment to-day, when Mrs. Etta Brandes,
charged with murder, appeared to have |
i her ca.se continued another week on ac- i
j count of the trial of her husband, Wil- |
I liam A. Brandes, occupying the court's j
I attention.
Attorney Sawyer, addressing Judge
; Hall, stated that since the adjournment j
in Brandes' trial last Friday it had come
to his knowledge that two officers had ap-
I proached Mrs. Brandes in the County
j Jail and had attempted to extort ad
i missions from her, notwithstanding she
I had been advised by her attorneys not j
!to be Interviewed. He said that these offl- j
cers represented that they were author
ized to do so by the court, and he asked
j Judge* Hall to protect his client from such ;
; unfair methods.
The statement created a considerable |
stir momentarily. Judge Hall expressed \
surprise, and assured Mr. Sawyer that he
bad authorized no une to ask Mrs. j
Brandes any questions, and moreover i
that he would In no case do so.
Sawyer subsequently stated that Police
man Bert Curtis and Deputy Sheriff
George V. Taylor had invaded Mrs.
Brandes' cell, insisting that she an
swer questions as to her age, nativity,
the date of her marriage and even her ;
i weight. "The officers threatened," con
tinued Sawyer, "that they would find a I
way to compel her to answer if she re- j
fused." Mrs. Brandes emphatically re
fused to answer any of the questions.
George Taylor is also assistant jailer, ]
and when questioned by a Call reporter |
easily explained Sawyer's charges. He
seemed greatly amused over the accusa
tions.
"1 have to admit," said Taylor, "that '
we went to Mrs. Brandes' celL We did !
i ask her the questions, but it was abso
lutely in our line of duty. We were seek-
I ing information for the rogue's gallery,
i We wished to get an accurate descrip
tion of the prisoner for our records. It is
an absurd hulabaloo to suppose that we
1 had any thought of using such informa
tion at the woman's trial."
Mrs. Brandes' case was continued for
i another week, and then the trial of her j
■ accused husband was resumed, the de- |
■ ailing to the stand Dr. A. H. l'rutt
ias a medical expert, whose testimony
! briefly -was to the effect that evidences
lof hanging in the way of superlicial
marks about the neck are not prominent
in cases of young persons where the liga
ture is removed soon after death.
j Though blood- oozed thirty-one hours af- I
! ter death and a parchment skin appeared
, on the neck, the expert thought, these
would not necessarily indicate hanging.
In reply to a question put by Juror i
i Sieben Dr. Pratt admitted that author
i ities on evidences of hanging are so con
tradictory that there is no accounting for
them.
on cross-examination Dr. Pratt testi- :
: fled that there were adhesions and mi
i flammation in the dura mater of Lillian >
> Brandes that were abnormal. As to me
mark on tin dead girl's neck, witness said
It might have been made by the apron In
evidence, provide. i it was twisted into a
very firm condition, such as a rope.
The trial was here brought to a sudden |
termination for the day by reason of one :
of- the jurors. Philip Sieben, being taken '
sick. Sieben, who resides in Alameda, |
had been ill this morning when he came
: over. He .suffered from flfzzlness and a
rushing of blood to the head, and his nose
began bleeding profusely. Accordingly )
court adjourned until 0:30 to-morrow
morning. _^_____ - __ —— _
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
President Harper's Visit — Lieutenant
Hayne No Longer Exploring the
Philippines.
'BERKELEY, March 7.— Dr. William T.
Harper, president of the University of
Chicago, who has accepted an Invitation
to deliver the public address at the uni
versity Charter day celebration on March
23, will arrive in Berkeley Tuesday, March
21. It is expected that his visit to the
coast will not extend over seven days.
As far as can be learned now he intends
to divide his time between California and
Stanford. On Wednesday before Char
ter day he will deliver a public address be
fore the whole student body. On Charter
day, after speaking at the commemora
tion exercises by Founders' Rock, on the
college campus, he is to be the guest of
honor at a university banquet to be
given the same evening in San Fran
cisco. Friday morning the distinguished
visitor will go to Stanford, returning
to Oakland in time to address a large
public gathering there Sunday after
noon.
A committee consisting of William T
Mooney of California and R. A. Leiter of
Stanford have made the final arrange
ments for the next intercollegiate debate
The contest Itself is to come off In Met
ropolitan Temple, San Francisco, on the
night of April 22. Both colleges have
agree.d upon the following subject for dis
cussion: "Resolved, That the retention
of the Philippines is contrary to the prin
ciples for which this Government should
stand." Stanford has chosen the afllrm
ati%'e of the question, leaving the nega
tive to California.
The senior class, which graduates next
May, has petitioned the Board of Re
gents to refund $5 of the amount which
each member was required to deposit on
entering college for the customary dl
ploma fee. Previously the fee was $10,
but since 1897 the board has reduced the
sum by one-half. A similar petition was
presented by the class graduating last
year, and being granted by the regents,
each member way returned half the
amount originally deposfted. The pres
ent class expects the same favorable an
swer to their request, and part of the
sum, if obtained may go toward defray
ing the expenses for class day exercises
at the close of the term.
Miss Berg, Miss Rothermel, Miss Lulu
Simpson, Earl Swan and Roscoe Logan
have been appointed a committee to ar
range for a senior reception to be given
on Wednesday evening, March 15.
A letter has been received from Lieu
tenant Arthur P. Hayne. formerly of the
agricultural department of the unner
sity but now in active service in Ma
nila, stating that his work as agricul
tural expert for the Government had
been suspended temporarily. Lieutenant
Hayne was detached from the regular
army by orders from Washington and
commissioned to conduct an exploration
over the Philippines for the purpose of
forwarding a detailed report to the Bu
reau of Agriculture at Washington. The
work progressed very favorably for a
time, but the attitude' of the natives grew
so hostile that no further progress could
be gained. It was decided to suspend ex
ploration for the time being, and Lioulen
ant Hayne is now aid on the staff of Gen
eral Anderson.
■ m ■ — — — —
ADDRESSED COLORED VOTERS. ,
Republican Nominees Warmly Re
ceived at Shattuck Hall.
OAKLAND. March 7.— The Republican
nominees addressed the Afro-American
League to-night in Shattuck Hall. They
were given a rousing reception.
R. W. Snow, nominee for Mayor, was
the principal speaker. Incidentally he
touched upon rights and characteristics
of the colored race. The city government,
said Mr. Snow, should be run by those
best qualified to fill the offices, and to Una
such men there is no need of going out
side the straight Republican ticket. He
assured his listeners that if that ticket
is elected the interest of the colored pop
ulation would receive Its proper attention.
Short speeches were made by A. H.
Breed, nominee for Auditor; Z. T. Gilpin,
nominee for Assessor; W. A. Dow, nomi
nee for City Attorney; M. K. Miller, nomi
nee for City Engineer; also B. C. Cuvel
lier, B. H. Welch, George B. Stetson and
L. G. Wolfe, nominees for Councilmen,
and Robert Price, nominee for School Di
rector. George Ingraham presided over
the meeting. To-morrow night the Re
publicans meet in Washington Hall In the
Seventh Ward.
■ ♦ ■
LEFT ALL TO HIS WIDOW.
Will of the Late Thomas A. Smith
Filed for Probate.
OAKLAND, March 7.— The will of the
late Thomas A. Smith, who died in Ala
meda last Friday, was filed for probate ;
this afternoon by Frank G. Andrews, who j
petitions for letters of administration.
The document is dated December 2, 1898,
is witnessed by Marcus P.Wiggln and Inez
M.Chapman, and bequeaths the entire
estate, consisting of real and personal i
property located in Alameda and valued
at about $10,000,- to the widow, Alida B.
Smith.
The latter is nominated as executrix,
without bonds, and In the event of her
failure to qualify or act as such, provision
is made that Frank G. Andrews act In
her stead. Mrs. Smith has accordingly
filed a declination. Clifford A. Smith, a
son, aged 11 years, is excluded, testator
regarding the mother as better able to
protect and care for his interests.
. ♦ ■
Acme Club's Minstrels.
OAKLAND, March ".—The Acme Club's
minstrel show is dated for next Friday i
night at the Macdonough Theater. A j
choice programme has been arranged and
clever artists have been selected.. Ed :
Johnson, Frank Freeman, Lee Andrews,
Cliff Ireland, with Heeseman and Heaney,
are booked for endmen. The first part
will Include the unique quartet made up ;
of Messrs. C. "West, C. Montague, C.
Lamb and F. Figone. The soloists of the
evening will be Henry A. Melvin. basso;
Everett Dowdle and Charles Hart, ten- |
ors, and A. C. Reed, barytone. Abe P.
Leach will act as interlocutor.
. ♦ «
Baseball by Amateurs.
ALAMEDA, March 7.— The following
schedule of baseball games has been ar
ranged by the Amateur Athletic League,
of which the Alameda High School is a
'member:
March 18— Stockton High vs. Alameda
High at Stockton; Berkeley High vs. |
Boone's Academy at Berkeley: Oakland ;
High vs. Central School at Oakland.
March 25— Stockton High vs. Berkeley !
High at Berkeley; Central School vs.
Boone's Academy at Oakland; Oakland
High vs. Alameda High at Alamoda.
April I— Stockton High vs. Boone'a
Academy at Stnokt' n: Berkeley High vs.
Oakland High at Oakland; Alameda Hijjh
vs. Central School at Alameda.
~*~ I
Alameda News Notes. j
ALAMKI'iA, March 7.— Alameda Parlor
No. 47. N. 8. G. W., will nominate dele
gates to the Grand Parlor Friday night.
The election will be hold a week l.it'^r.
Alfred F. Harbor has been appointed
deputy by City Assessor Smith.
Alameda Native Daughters will take a
hand In the proposed reception fo the Cal
ifornia Volunteers on their return from
Manila. The following have been n;im*i]
to confer with the joint commit!'
Native Sons In charge of the affair: Mrs.
Louis Schrooder. Miss Augusta Sehuman
and Miss Julia Hogan.
. ♦ .
Fly-Casting Club Dinner.
The San Francisco Fly Casting Club
l.nst evening dined at a Pine-street restau
rant. It was the regular bi-monthly club
meeting changed to an informal dinner,
during which the business of the associa
tion was attended to. In the future the
regular meetings of the club will be of
this nature.
The gathering, which consisted of about
thirty members, was presided over by
President W. D. Mansfield, who during
the course of his entertaining remarks
as a host spoke of the recent spirited con
tests of the fly casters and the meritorious
work of the California Fish Commission
in stocking the State streams.
■ ♦ »
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T Longmore, Hopland 'Mrs E E Bangs, Cal
B T McCullough, Cal JG C Turner, Stockton
F C Stokes, Ogden iC S King & w, Seattle
G A McCoruck, Utah T J Stephenson. Col
J H Seawell, Ukiah W H Nichols, Cal
T C Woodworth, Cal W C Waters & w, Cal
G A Smith, Courtland J Durham, Chicago
W J Smith, Courtland L Emery & w, Chicago
Capt CorrhiU, Crown of Miss G Emery, Chicago
India E C Emery, Chicago
C Matthe-ws, S Rosa J R Denoh & w, Cal
C X Cadman, Pinole Mrs G S Angus, B C
J Leahy, I'etaJuma Miss H Workman, B C
Mrs A E Watson, Cal J D Smith, Danville
H C Root, S Jose M Rosenberg, S Rosa
E M Freeman, Oakland A H Bar, Etna
W M Fitzhugh, Cal C A Campbell, Cal
W G Henshaw, Cal F J Campbell, w & o,
W L Rodgers, Cal ' Denver
W F Watson, Portland C W Pyle, Mo
J W Roper, Chieo H E Irish. S Cruz
J Nashauer, Baker City J W Bowen, L Ang
FW O Howard, Or |H G Jordan &w. Mass
J O Bullard & w, Macs E Epplch, Denver
H A Meyer &s, Colo Mrs H A Heilbron, Cal >
C D Baxter, Mich B P Barker, Livermor©
J Lippman & w, Utah Mrs S A Durphy, Cal
J E Polngdestre, Cal ai«Bes 'suuoh 'a 'Al
C X Jackson. S Jose W W Kltch. Cal
F P Diggs, Woodland R G Caldwell. Cal
W E Morrison, Boston C R Mills, Portland
J D McTilney. Colo Mrs T T McCandless,
H Murdock, Soquel Cincinnati
'■ W Clark, Cal J Grab, Chicago
H H Harlow, Cal J M Strienlng, S Rosa
A Fay, Bakersfleld
PALACE HOTEL.
D Rosenbaum, Rtktn A H Wick & w, Ohio
W D Felts, Chicago Mrs McLaughlin, Ohio
B B Whltehead. N J Miss McLau«hlin. Ohio
X B Hauhcr. Clnn J B Peakea, S3 Crux
T Williams. Belvidere J Chapman. N V
R E Brown, Portland W T Smith, ElUo
B N White, Spokane Mrs Gtlle3pie. N V
W Brldeniny, Chicago Miss Potter, R I
H R L<*w, Portland Mrs Potter. R I
O Bweet. L Ang J Minturn, Minturn
G Barton & w, Omaha Mrs Waldron, S Cruz
G H Macy Aw, N V Mrs Butler, Fresno
Miss Macy, NY CM Pyic. Kan City
T R Macy, NY F Zlegfeld. Chicago
C H Osg'jod & w, N T Mrs Zfifgfeld. Chicago
G Beebe, N V Miss Zlegfeld, Chicago
G M Jacobs, NY AS Gamblee. N V
Miss Lamb. Montleellolj W Smith N V
R Coob <fe w. Cle%-eland>H A Strong, N V
W H Turner, Boston Mrs Strong, N V
C P Turner, N V H Munspelt, Liverpool
J Shanard & w. Minn T Pomeroy Jr. N V
H Meyer &. s. Denver H Phlpps. Wash
J C Eustace & w. N V C Pillsbury. Boston
G Buffum, St Louis
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J D Long, Chicago |E B Clingman & w. 111
T H Fordyce, Md W M Clingman, 111
J J Quinn, S Jose N Kingsland & w, Cal
G E Lyons, Sacto J S Pennington & w,
N Wren, Fresno N V
J N Donahue. Mass W W Fraser & w, 111
H N Bryant, Chicago H M Davis. S Rosa
W H Coleman. Cal J Crosby. Colfax
T Turner. Portland C L Phillips. Stockton
B S Plndell, Portland M Jordan, Uklah
Mrs Harrington, Or '
late: shipping intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 7— Stmr Al
bion, from Westport.
Sailed March 7— Stmrs Sequoia and National
City, for Pan Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived March 7— Schr Peerless,
from San Peilm.
Sailed Mart h 7— Stmr Mineola, for San Fran
cisco; bark Gerard C Toby, for Hongkong.
March 6— Stmr Al-Ki, for Alaska.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed March 7— Stmr Alca
zar, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSBND— Arrived March 7— Schr
C S Holmes, from Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 7— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen; stmr West
ernland, from Liverpool.
Sailed March 7— Stmr Werkendam. for R..t
terd.im; stmr Trave, for Bremen; stmr Bovic,
for Liverpool: stmr Germanic, for Belfast.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 7— Stmr Italia.
fr"in Philadelphia.
GENOA — Sailed March 7— Stmr Aller, for
New York.
SMYRNA— Arrived March 6— Stmr Aujruste
Vtr>tnrln frnm Now VilrU
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. At. F. and m
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _«%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- TKJT
gree. THEO. FROLIC H. Secretary. /^r\
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M., Chapter Hall, Masonic Temple— _JV_
Third degree THIS (WEDNESDAY) jC_X
EVENING, March 8. at 7:30 o'clock. /▼<
By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _JV_
DAY) EVENING, March S. at TM'ilTjf
o'clock. Third degree. /V>
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. IC9, F. and A. M. - ft
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) .^/V.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third dt- JK If
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /▼>
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, --Yy'Hiv-_
I. O. O. F.— Double Initiation
THURSDAY EVENING, March ; l !sO£s=r
9. JAMES BOYES. Noble Grand. -^7/11^
J. D. SCHLOEN, Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. -<ssip!iU&,
O. F.— There will be Initiation 4?7^3&
THURSDAY EVENING, March s§§!S?Sr
9, 1899. Visiting brothers in- "^P*
vited. JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Rec. Sec.
MASTER MARINERS' Benevolent —
Association— Special meeting to be '\ "^"~2"a»
held at hall. 320 Post st., WEDNES- !>*T'S»,
DAY, March 8, at 12 m. All mem- '- —
bers are requested to be present, for the pur-
pose of attending tlit funeral of our deceased
brother, HANS MADISON. By order of the
President. L. TRAUNG, Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— regular anuual *^/r
meeting of the stockholders In the A.
O. F. Hall Association of San Fran- jt\
Cisco will be held In Excelsior Hall, A. £-3
F. Hall Association of San Fran- ji
■o will be held in Excelsior Hall. A. fc_3
O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on SATURDAY, the 11th day of
March. 1899, at 7:30 p. m.
J. H. HORWOOD, President.
J. FALCONER, Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch— Assemble *
at the hall, cor. Mason and O'Farrell §f^
Bts., THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- \£rL4
ING. March 8, at 8 o'clock. Business
of the utmost importance will be transacted.
THE PRESIDENT.
ANNUAL meeting— annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market at., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March, 1899, at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 17, 1899, at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from D. M. Butterfield. in the Santa
Cruz placer mine, near Quincy. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings In a worked-out
pit; from the Hong Fat Company, In the
Doherty mine, at Howland Flat. Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in the east branch
of Slate Creek; from Sum Ahtye. in the Span-
ish Flat mine, naar La Porte, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In worked- out pits, and
from J. D. Wetmore and Martin Tuftord. in
the Dry Cre<-k mine, near Brownsville. Tuba
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be bold at room 59.
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal., on March
20. 1599. at 1:30 p. in.
THE Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
will not be responsible for any moneys col-
lected by PATRICK ROGERS, our ex-secre-
tary and business manager of said corpora-
tion, since February 14, 1599.
CHEAPEST and beat in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one y»ar for $1,
postage paid.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1 (30 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market street, on and after
March 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
March 4, 1599. Nt 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON'. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a girl 2 years old
desires situation; best references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, competent Swedish girl desires situa-
tion; good cook and houseworker; Oakland
preferred; best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation; 2V4
years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 32.", Sutter at.
COMPETENT middle-aged American woman
desires situation In widower's family with
small children; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED young woman desires situation as
companion to invalid lady; willing to travel;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
$10 to $12; strong and willing. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish housegirl; good cook
and laundress; best references. Apply MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH cook, best of reference, also sec-
ond girl, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED By a woman of experience and of
middle age, a situation as child's. nurse. Call
or address A., Young "Woman's Christian As-
sociation, 1259 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants general house-
work: is a good plain cook and laundress; In
nice American family; wages $20. Call 828
Folsom st.
"WANTED— as Infant's nurse; take
baby from Its birth; best of references. Glrard
House, room 39, cor. Howard and Seventh sts.
YOUNG woman, good references, wants posi-
tion at housework; small wages and good
home. Address box 337, Call office.
NEAT young girl lately from the East would
like to do any kind of work in store. Please
call bet. 2 and 3, 2032 Ellis st.
WANTED— By good strong and willing girl,
position as cook or second work; wages $20.
Call or address M. D. 3232 Seventeenth st. •
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; many years' references.
Call at 350 Precita aye., off Folsom st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
.work and cooking; good references. Apply
8235% Sixteenth st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress. Address 7 Van Ness aye., Ladles'
Union.
YOUNG strong German woman -wants washing.
ironing, cleaning; $1 and car fare; disengaged
Thursday and Friday. M., 1133 Folsom st.
AN experienced nurse would like position to
care for Invalid. Apply 929 Pine, or box 1808,
Call office.
WOMAN wishes place to help In kitchen In
boarding-house or restaurant; wages $10; has
good experience. 267% Stevenson st. ■
YOUNG woman wishes place to do second work
or place as chambermaid. Address 944 Har-
rison at.
YOUNG German woman wishes to do house-
cleaning; $1 a day and car fare. Inquire at
1133 Folsom st.
POSITION as housekeeper or light housework
by a woman with a child 7 years old. Ad-
dress 1113 l Howard st.
AN Eastern woman desires a place as working
housekeeper. Call room 4, 875 Washington
St., Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wishes place as second girl or
general housework. 1503 Golden Gate aye.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as cook"
country preferred. 267% Stevenson st.
COMPETENT young girl would like to care for
children. 363 Linden aye.. near Octavia st.
COMPETENT laundress, chambermaid, with
best city references. Call 1022 Larkin st.
WANTED— or chamber work by the day
Address by letter, 124 A Eleventh st.
f LADIES requiring trained 'medical nurse by
hour or day. good rubber or hair brasher or
aofen^k" l^ 5? re( iulred; terms reason- 1
able. NURSE, 419 Guerrero st. 1
SITUATIONS WANTED— Con tinned.
POSITION wanted by widow of experience,
age. 35 to travel as useful companion
to lady' fond of children: needlewoman; ac-
customed to sea: first class; or as house-
keeper. 8.. 449 Guerrero st.
GOOD German cook Just arrived from New
York wants a situation. 1903 Mission.
TWO Swedish girls wish positions cook and
chambermaid; good city references. Address
132 Church st. .
YOUNG woman recently from the East wants
a position as maid and seamstress. Address
511 Olive avenue.
SITUATION wanted by Protestant woman;
good plain cook and washer; low wages; city
or country. Call at 230 Minna st.
YOUNG girl would like place as chambermaid
or plain laundress in private family. Ad-
dress boxSOS^Cal^ .
RESPECTABLE willing young lady, employed
during day. would like to make herself useful
mornings and evenings in exchange for room
and board. Address N. box 307, Call.
A RELIABLE woman to do general housework:
is a good cook; will work for moderate
wages; city or country. No. 10 Stockton
place, off Grant aye. ,
A REFINED American elderly woman good
plain cook, desires light place in small lam-
ily. 2529 Bryant st. . .
WANTED— By elderly American woman, light
housework; good cook; small. wages. -tL,. *•.
625 Chestnut St., Oakland.
GERMAN woman would like work by day
washing and cleaning. 326 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by responsible woman to
do general housework and cooking in small
family. 512 Jessie. . ;
POSITION as housekeeper, city or country;
best references. Call or address 320 Eddy St..
call from 10 to 5. ,
SITUATION wanted by infants' nurse; refer-
ences if required. 2S2 1 . Natoma. _
COMPETENT cook desires a situation; best of
reference. 316 Sutter st.
THOROUGHLY competent workln & l»ouae-
kepper wishes situation; best of references.
Call at 2136 Howard st. No postals.
NEAT, respectable girl. 18. as second girl or
companion to lady. Box 1781. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tne
United States or Canada one year for *i.
postage' paid. ____________________________
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAI\ANESE^CmNESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 06.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 438.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy temperate
man to care for horse, cow, garden, lawns;
some housework; can milk; good reference.
Box 340, Call.
YOUNG barber having 6 months' experience
wishes steady place; small wages. Address
box 403, Call office. '
JAPANESE boy wants a situation where he
can attend school. 1408 Pine st. j
GERMAN, 27 years old, offers his services as
accountant; speaks and writes Spanish and
English; 7 years abroad; best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL, box 306 Call office.
WANTED— Position as collector by respectable
young man living with parents; best refer-
ences. Address H. N. W.. 431 Larkln st.
YOUNG man, competent bookkeeper, good pen- !
man and quick at figures, wants a position ■
In a business house; wages moderate; refer- I
ences. Box 4843, Call office, Oakland.
JAPANESE wishes a situation as dishwasher,
$20 per month. Box 335, Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class waiter and cook, want*
work in small family; good reference. Call
or address J. X.. 1001 Buchanan st.
OYSTER man wishes position in oyster house
or grotto; can open and cook oysters; wait
at table if required. Address H. F., 514
Central aye., near Hayes st. __^_^
GARDENER, practical, Scotch, wants charge
of private estate: understands all branches of
greenhouse and outdoor work; no horses or
cows wanted; best of recommendation; 6 years
in la3t situation; married. Call or address Y.
M. C. A.
GARDENER, German, honest, sober and indus-
trious, good ref.; careful driver; milk and
work around private family: very handy; city
or Oakland. Address box 344, Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind in the
morning for 2 or 3 hours per day In city.
Apply to DR. CHAS. FONG, 813% Sacra-
mento st.
YOUNG man desires a situation; 5 years' expe- I
rience as stenographer, typewriter, clerk and ;
accountant; belt references. Address J. J.
O'L., box 363, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third «t.. n«tr Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, !
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP — FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL ORDERS
2 waitresses, country. $-■">. fare advanced; 2
waitresses, country, $20, fare paid; 5 wait-
resses, different country hotels. $20; 2 wait-
resses, city, $20; 3 restaurant waitresses, $5;
waitress for restaurant bakery in country, $20
and found, fare paid: 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; fancy lroner, country, $25 and
found.
FAMILY ORDERS
German cook, 2 in family, for San Rafael,
$25; house girl, city. $25; second girl, Stock-
ton, see lady here 10 a. m. ; second girl, So-
nora, $15. see lady here: waitress, private fam-
ily. $23; house girl, Modesto, $20, see lady
here; and many girls for general housework,
$15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WILL MARY JOHNSON, house girl, who
worked at 1127 Steiner 2 years ago call at
once; Important. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
THREE "second girls, $20 and $25 per month
each. MISS CUI*LEN, 835 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. 2 in family, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Angels Camp, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, springs. $20 per month each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT seamstress, San Rafael, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
COOK and laundress, $30, American family:
cook, Jewish family. $35. no wash; maid and
seamstress, $30; cook, Healdsburg, $25. MISS
CULLEN; 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Burlingame, 2 in family, $25; 15
housework girls, city and country, $20 and Pa;
8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN , 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $20 per month; good place; 2
nurses, $20 and $25 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Setter st.
CHAMBERMAID to wait 1 meal. $20; 2 res-
taurant waitresses, $5 week: cook, small ho-
tel. J25; girls for housework: Mountain View,
3 in family. $25: Modesto, $20: Alameda. $20;
Oakland, $20: and others. J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 316 Sutter st.
3 SECOND girls, $20: waitress and parlor maid,
$25; chambermaid and seamstress. $25; 4 cooks
in .American and German families, $25; nurse,
$20; and girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $30: second girl, same house, $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, country, ?25: house girl, Menlo
Park, $20; house girl, Berkeley, $25: cook,
city, $30; 2 cooks, $25 each; house girl, $15,
must sleep home; second girl, $20; and a num-
ber of house girls. $15 to $25. Apply to MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
15 HOUSEWORK girls, city and country
places, $15 and $20; governess, country, $25.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
3 WAITRESSES, country hotels, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
GIRL for housework, American family, $20;
also upstairs girl, $20. 631 Larkln st.
WANTED — Competent, respectable young girl
for upstairs work and children: good wages;
between 9 and 12 and 5 and 6. 2420 Van Ness.
FIRST-CLASS shirt finisher. MAJOR CON-
WAY, 86 Flood building.
WANTED— GirI to assist in housework, wages
$10; girl to assist with children, $7. 34 Clay.
WANTED— girl for housework In small
family; sleep home. 13 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS tailored wanted; steady work
COHN. 332 Sutter st.
GIRL to do light housework. 2131 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on union work. Room 90, St. Anns building.
IMPROVERS wanted. 1032 Folsom st.
Y 2S*}°J& i ? eneral housework, small family
$17 to $20. Inquire 2526 Mission st. lam " y '
GERMAN girl for housework and plain cook-
ing, $15; references. 3004 Mission st.
1 WANTED-Glrl between 15 and 16 to assist in
housework and mind baby. ■ 515 Qough st. •
31 R 26 L TwentV-nry^ 7^* s *"^^^^
F 6 R !dd? I rt. hand ° n . gOO<I Yeats - *°° m 91.
"^ven^ort'lfsl housework, $8 Apply m_q
Leavenworth st. A PP<y 1430
""s'treltf D ~ Apprentlc «> on vests. 839 Fifth
HELP W.iNTL 3— Continued.
Glß_rwanTeT7o7~upstairs I ~work and children;
references required; wages $10. 2420 Van
Ness aye.
MACHINE operators at B. BLUMENTHAL.
& CO.'S, IS and 20 Battery st.
FOR city; lady or gentleman; good profits;
also agent every county. R. 4-408 Cal. St.
YOUNG woman from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. for
general housework and plain sewing. I. G..
box 4. Call office. ,
FINISHER on custom coats; m" B **!*"**
buttonhole maker. Call at rnce .06 Eighth
st., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom coats and apprentice boy. 528 Howard.
RESPECTABLE girl for housekeeping; family
of 2: $6 00. Call at 368 Fell st.
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetic, la
the country; good salary. Apply between
IP and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
HELP WANTED JiaLE.
SHIRT machine hand, country hotel laundry,
$30 and found; fare advanced. <-. a. _iAi\-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
VIOLIN player, country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ■
HEAD waiter, south. $65; waiter, country ho-
j tei, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
I GRAFTER. $1 25 a day; vegetable gardener,
$25 and found; miner, $2 50 a day; painter,
$2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN »oc CO.. 104
Geary st. -
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want To-day
157 woodchoppers, different jobs, $I _2o to $1
cord; 73 tlemakers, different jobs. 8c to 12c
each- 12 farm, orchard and vineyard hands...
3 iockmen 2 grafters for vineyard
Gardener, private family, $25 and found
2 stablemen Machine blacksmith
3 choreboys and men. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
6 WAITERS. $25 and $20 3 dlshwasher.
6 cooks, $30 to $40 1 porter, hotel
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
B\RTENDER, country hotel, $30 and found;
see boss here. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st.
DRY goods clerk, country, $50; see boss here.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
3 LABORERS for a large country firm. MUR-
RAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Butler, $50; second butler, French
or German, $30; young man as waiter, coun-
try, $20; shirt ironer, hotel, country, $30;
young man as porter in restaurant, $20; 3
dishwashers, $15, $20 and $25; gardener and do
chores, $25, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
CARPENTER
Plain carpenter for company In Alaska, free
fare both ways, good long Job at $35 per
month and board; American farmer, steady
Job $25: farmers. $20; milkers and others. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
TO go to-day, 5 crosscut sawyers, $25 and
board; 5 barkers, $30 and board; blacksmith
who understands hydraulic pipe, for mine.
R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay st.
j WANTED— 6 miners, $2 50 day and $10 and
board; tie makers; young farmer for fruit
ranch; cooks, waiters and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER, $40 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
BELL boys, $15 and $10. HOTEL GAZETTE,
420 Kearny st. ■
i BLACK-FACE or Irish comedian, song-and-
dance artist, for 4 weeks' engagement, coun-
try, $15, board and lodging, a week. Address
box 339. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT for men and women: experi-
ence not necessary. Apply room 3, lOIV2 Grant.
EXPERIENCED pants operator; steady work.
55 Third st., old No. 31.
GOOD vegetableman wanted. 134 Third st.
SEAMEN Green hands for steam whalers; no
experience required. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
j ERRAND boy with references. 4U /i Kearny
St., top floor.
DISHWASHER wanted. 217 Sixth st.
BOY for learning painting and decorating and
tending store. Call 8 a. m. at 1129 Mission St.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission St., cor-
ner Fourth.
BOOTBLACK wanted; wages $6. 1205 Fillmore
st., r.ear Turk.
ENERGETIC man; good talker: lucrative po-
sition; permanent. 2127 Mission st.
I
SHOEMAKER wanted at 305 Third st.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
"WAITER wanted for lunch counter; $20 and
found the first and $25 the following month.
C. WALLSTAB, Wadsworth. Nev.
I GOOD coat maker. THOMAS E. KENT, 121
Post st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— young man to assist in restaur-
ant. Apply at "The Louvre," San Rafael.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.; $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarnt'd.
CLEAN, cozy, comfortable and convenient. The
Philadelphia, 421 Bush St.. opp. California
Theater; always open; transients; nuf sed.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 larga
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ -
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1154.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— from 250
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764> ? ' Mission
St.. men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
] BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
j flee. J. SCHNEIDER. Act, Sec. 325 Grant ay.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 188% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE House, 106^4 Third — Furnished
rooms. 25c to 50c day; $1 25 to $3 week.
MEN'S- flne calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 563V4 Market st. .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jaokson.
WANTED — collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE, furnished, flne. large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., nea- Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage V 1 and from the ferry.
AGENTS WV.MIU).
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
25c article on earth. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
FEW good canvassers; business trade; profits
100 per cent. 606 Montgomery St., room 14.
BE wise and get in .while the proposition ii
new and make good money. IS3 Seventh st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
~~~~~~^H°_ SI - WANTED.
U^FURNlSHEiS'^o^T^ante^TToTT'ro^mt
bath; San Rafael or Alameda: rent low; good
location. Address box 338. Call office.
WANTED— Modern unfurnished house of 8 or
s rooms in Western Addition; on sunny side;
references. Apply, 1759 Call office.
horses!
££7 ai ** 683 : Grand Arcade Horse Market,
kttt T^l h A IV ttuction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
CARTS— SULKlE_£_2keS^~~" !
Shaw rubber tire; frazier pneumatic and
steel tire road carts; 2 village carts, almost
new. cheap. O'BRIEN'S. 500 Golden Gate ay.
F E - L aundr V. fl bakers-. m7lk~wagons~: 3 bug-
k»?b. _ extra fine delivery wag. S2B Harrison.
10 ?,,^7 S Bec °nd-hand harness: wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horse*. 1140 Folsfm st_
TYPEWRITERS.
A «hrf tJ ?° Wrlt , cr * ■oloTan_ J Yente~d?'~£w'
JJhJSi at??.? . ehea P: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
A __H MMOND> $25; Callgrraph. $15: YosT'^:
ft eampiQ work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomt.' •*•BUSINESS CHANCES.
I with ?* i living ' rooms;
■•S v-? ki - x'^vl 6 ,'^ st ; daily receipts
: .~ ?*oy. WILKL, & tKFUG, -906 Market st.
51 i1 X >r S . AI ' OOX with 9 furnished rooms; estate
• lisned many years; always been money-mak-
■ Ing ace; .■• st location; closo to California on
'. Kearny . rent low. Particulars WILKE &
■.uMTjG, 5(06 Market Ft.
A- S2f.OO— BAKERY: Western Addition: kept by
•Cwner for IS years; 3 wagons. 6 horses; bak-
.-.lr.g .barrels per day; owner compelled by
I t &i i sa?k rt % rticuia " " XLKK &
A— -SI7SO— SALoOX on Stockton and Market sts. ;
I established many years and first-class; pay-
ing; a years' lease; an excellent opening;
ElcKhess cause of, sale. WILKE <& UNFU&
:•(,& Market st.
A-512C0; ATTENTION, doctors A private <lls-
pensary and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established many years; the
he.-t paying in California; diseases of men. ex -
clusively; receipts of ISSS, $4141; proprietor to
rexUe to private life. Paxtlculurs WILKE &
I'NFt'G, iM> Market st.
A— sl6oo; OLD established corner grocery and
tar: ■i doors off Powell st. ; clearing $150 per
month; rent $C 0; return rent $63; a splendid
■offer.; owner to take charge of his ranch
/_VV.ILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A-JliOO; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing a good cash store
■ and bar business; fullest Investigation solic-
ited: owner to engage in commission busl-
ness. jCall on WILKE & TJNFUG. »M Market.
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale is made.
. •_ Wanted— Manufacturing business".
anted A small business. .
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
A-J75; OYSTER stand; $10 a week clear. West-
prn Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$200— PARTNER, light business ; $18 a week: no
experience required; trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
S^O— PARTNER, manufacturing ness; $25
a week. Western Investment I '•> . 9 Geary st.
SSEJP — PARTNER; great investment; $30 day
trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
|170<v— PARTNER, • livery business: office work;
$&K> a month clear; value in stock. Webtern
Investment Co., 3 Geary st.
— — — — — i ■
$300— SMALL business for lady: good living.
Western Investment Co., I Geary st.
J450--SALOON: $S clear a day; sickness. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$550— GROCERY and bar; a Baap; sickness.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary St.
$350— RESTAURANT; high class trade; good lo-
cation; sell on account of death. Western In-
vestment Co., 9 Geary et.
WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
' kind. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant aw.
•.•.■"RESTAURANTS, branch bakery, lodging
\ houses, saloons and cigar stores in all parts
;• bf.city; all prices. NATIONAL AGENCY, 7
.".; ■rant a*e. . ■
r |350— COAL and wood yard, good horse and
:'" sgagon. NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
•■S.ISO— HALF Interest in good-paying business;
.- easy work. 1055 Market st.
! GOOD saloon; well located; $650. 1055 Mar-
... • ket St., Pacific Business Exchange.
" RESTAURANT; fine business $500
Rest&urant: rent boarded out 125
Pacific Business Exchange, 1055 Market st.
WE bay, sell, exchange any business for cash;
. . rare chances; investigate. 41 Third St., r. 6.
$300— RESTAURANT: established several years;
worth double; a bargain. 41 Third St.. room S.
PARTNER wanted: office business; small capi-
tal required; investigate. Reliable Exchange,
 .:4} Third Ft., room 5.
' IF ' you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
". erty or business of any kind see JONES &
•••• LAWN, 719 Market st., for square dealing.
, SALOONS, $150 up; cigar stores.' $175 up; gro-
■ ■ eerie?. $350 up: delicatessens, $150 up; lodging
. . "houses, all sizes, all prices; ranches, etc.. for
■••' ' exchange. JONES & LAWN. 719 Market st.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
'an-5 country real estate, bends, stocks, loans,
etc.; call on CLARK & CO.. roam 509, Ex-
aminer buildi-ig.
$4000— FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; good
business: thriving town; owner other busi-
ngs; must sell. JONES & CO.. 565 Market.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick tor cash
apply to MOON & CO.. 100S4 Market st.
TO buy. sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
BEST opportunity for an educated Christian
business man to engage In light, clean, strict-
ly temperate enterprise; capital required, $2500
to $3000; a success wherever started; no
agents. Box 336, Call office^
$225— G00D paying restaurant for sale at a
great bargain; a fine chance for man and
' wife Iress Creamerle Restaurant, Benlcla,
•; " CaK : -■■
- SPLENDID opportunity; oh- of the best known
businesses In Alameda: established 14 years;
well paying; for sale Address box 440, Call.
$}■; \ WEEK for steady and reliable man; must
, • have $200 to loan employer; Al security. 79
Thirl Ft. . .
' WANTED— A good paying restaurant, also
-country hotel, branch bakery and grocery.
■ Call at 1016 Market St.. room 1.
RESTAURANT, Sixth Ft.; established 10 years;
• ' good business; $600. Appply Call office. ,
■ FOR pale— A fine-paying stationery store; good
location. Apply at 321 Sansome st.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee ealoon for sale. 965 Mission St.. nr. 6th.
FOR sale, cheap; saloon SE. corner Jackson
and Drumm sts.
BARBER shop in Oakland for sale; reasonable.
- Address box 922, Call office, Oakland.
MILK ranch and business. tat aale; Includes 1
. •acre of land. 2 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
•'• milking- outfit, horse, wagon and harness; 85
•■milk customers: nets $50 month; situated in
Berkeley D J. TOBIN. real estate and In-
surance agent. 2121 Stanford place. Berkeley.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'3
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
. cidental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and |
heating apparatus; doing business of $16 to ,
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness. j
Particulars at 500 Halght St.; no agents.
1 FOR SALE— Horseshoeing shop; good business; i
..good location: must sell this week; owner
going East. 1828 Post St.. near Filmore.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st.
HAY. grain, wood and coal business: on ac-
count of sickness; all for $270. Box- 215, Call.
$600— RESTAURANT for sale on account of
leaving city; a snap. 313 O'Farrell st.
EFER saloon; your own price; giving up busi- [
ness. 650 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
RESTAURANT: good location; cheap; fine fix-
tures; value In sight : Apply Call office.
: BARGAIN: 1-chatr barber shop; doing
; good business. 621 Sacramento st.
$125 - DRESSMAKING, cigars, stationery,
laundry office; suitable for branch bakery.
Box 1775. Call office.
WELL-ESTABLISHED carriage, wagon wood-
working business; fine chop. _ Thirteenth.
RELIABLE, profitable business for small capl-
K fal Harmonic Life Institute, 236 Powell st. ;
• KTORE and lease: ground rent $5 mo. : near
sugar refinery at Crockett, Contra Costa Co.
WANTED— Grocery store: must be cheap; cash.
Box 359. Call office. ..■
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.-3. 415 Sacramento st^
FOR SALt- MISCELLANEOUS. |j
8011 ERS engines. 2d hand machinery. M e-
. IXTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
ASK" for that $28 diamond ring; It Is worth $50.
TTNCLE_HARRI3^IS Grant ave^
FOR Sale— Barber's heating stove; also grapho-
. phdne and records. 515 Gough st.
A LAUNDRY plant complete: dryer, boiler, en-
gine, etc. WHITE'S. 816 Mlsalon st.
waffs— All sizes new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
Vlnoleum of Se» furniture, store and office fur-
•lPfu'iT and fixtures; new and second hand.
J.NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
.. above Sixth.
FULL bred St. Bernard dog for sale; 2 | years
. Old; good watch dog and gentle. Call 22,1
• ' Mission st. i , .
ex'-hanpred. TyvnatnicJ^n^inc^o.. ->D 3 cal. at.
g^^^Tggg^^ ffachmery.
E^o^_^______^___^»--i
88
w^__^ : W*
POLYPHONE. $35: attaclunent <«nly>. li^Jk"
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 333 ___-
BAFES-Bargains In new and »f. c °" d : h * nd r*
tlzfcs; half original cost. IC9-1U Market, b. p.
~ SEWING vMACHI-.ES.
, ••t MONTHLY, rented; retired bought ... sold;
- • machine supplies. 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 4*.
ALL-kinds bought, sold, exchanged^ rented; re-
' pairing at lowest rates. 20a Fourth st.
L.ODGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE.
IS-ROOM HOUSE — —
$250 CASH; BAL. $10 PER MONTH.
10-room house; new furniture 450 !
15- room house; good and paying 275
6-room flat;" cheap rent 175
6-room flat; down town 300
' 10- room house; new furniture
CO-room corner house; clears $350 2000!
2s-rocm house; clears $150 550
46 rooms ; corner; clears $250 15'
10 rooms: near City Ball; very good 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500
12 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house. 500
2S rooms; best cor. in city; owner 5ick... 2200
IS rooms; rent $50 (transient); half cash. .lo3o
FOR A HOUSE ANY SI»E OR PRICE
call on H. C, DECKER, 1020 Market st.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
WE DESIRE TO CALL THE ATTENTION
OF OUR FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC THAT
WE HAVE MOVED TO 1026 MARKET ST.. |
1 OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE. R.
H. WINSTON & CO.
IS rooms; cheap rent; new; bargain $350
' 22 rooms; rent $30; give away 300
I 35 rooms; corner: A No. 1 2250
j 3S rooms; rent $63; Investigate SOO
[ 40 rooms; will trade: corner 2500
', 51 rooms; rent $50; only 850
$5000 TO LOAN ON FURNITURE AT 2'/i
' PER CENT. R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026
MARKET ST. • - '
A— KREDO & CO. — 22& Geary
Money advanced on all houses.
46 rooms; Market St.: clears $150 $1500
35 rooms; south of Market; transient.... 1100
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800
24 rooms; Geary, near Plaza 800
22 rooms: Market; always full.. 1200
15 rooms; Third st. ; clears $75 600
17 rooms; Stockton; new and good 1100
11 rooms: nicely furnished; clears $30.... 200
9 rooms: elegant home; all new 600
S rooms; flat; cheap rent ■•■ 6 00
. Call and get list KREDO.
■ 5 R.: 606 Shotwell..sll!S rooms: 650 Jessie.. slo
> 3 rooms: 522 Fe11. .512 4 nns.; 250 Tehama. 8
4 rooms; 177 Russ. 8 4 rms.; 232 atom a. 10
A. M. SPECK &- CO.. 667 Market st.
i C D. DAVIS & CO- have three buyers for good-
paying lodging houses; list your place if you
; want to sell it. 646 Market st.
NOTICE— 2OO lodging houses for sale cheap;
; part cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
i $350— SNAP; 35-room house: central: all rented;
rent $50 month. BASILS, 873% Market st.
. LODGING house in Stockton; 30 rooms; a bar-
gain. S. J. Klnney, 328 Main. Stockton, Cal.
• $175— 810 bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 507
Jones st. -
. SPLENDID bargain; 9 furnished rooms, all
occupied; must sell; going East. 259 Steven-
pon st.
. RESTAURANT and lodging-house for sale in
country. Apply at Call office. _ £
• CORNER; very good location: with 30 rooms; 1
. floor ,well furnished- .Box 399, Call office.
'- SIXTH. 420— Good-paying lodging house; 23
i \ rooms. Apply after 6 p. m.
' FURNITURE FOR SALES.
1 4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
; 7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
' AS we are celling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
i gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
; Broadway, Oakland.
i ABSOLUTELY the eldest and lamest house
v.e?t of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the ,
customer. _____
■ A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe. good as new.
: upright, rosewood; Chlckerine, used three
months, upright, mahogany; guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
" BON, IS >>■ Parrel! St.
J ABSOLUTE bargains in pianoe, this week only;
Chickering. $75; Steinway. $127; Emerson.
$138; Kelso. $145: Spencer, «75; Cplby£slBs:
Conover. $225; Stelnway. $250. SPENCER'S
' Piano Warerooms. . ISIS Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
' THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS*. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms. .
1 AN elegant Hardman upright, little used: a
I snap. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor. ,
Flood building. . — i
NEW Diani stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
BCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
GOOD Fischer upright sacrificed by lady
obliged to sell at once. Rm. 21. Flood bid*.
' T-ivn f-telnway ' «""ri!<*nlng,-I">th- uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A-UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 EUl*.
\S Q BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister ft., next Hlbernla Bank. ,
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post St.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy 30« Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUT.T.F.R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DEXTISTS.
_m~TTs7^HIGGTNS" Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st
Painless extraction a specialty ; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling, from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the Electro Dental Clinic, 908 Market St.,
room 7, Flood building, you can have your
fractions done oalnlessly: teeth without
plates our specialty; gold crowns. $3 50 up,
[late-, extraction free. $4 50 up; office hours.
I B a m to 10 p. m. Sunday. 9t02 p. m. G.
j W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
I A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
I teeth Without platen, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 60c; crowns $3 50 all
work painless and warranted Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges $4.
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
. TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
: teeth $5: crowns, $3; fillings, 60c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
: evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
. DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
• SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. |
• LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
• PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. 60c: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
: : EDUCATIONAL.
• ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying,' blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
: ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
Bhorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
• heaLd's BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rmi, 672-6 Parrott bldg.
■ AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Bhorthand. typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
: penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
; scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
" ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
• Fills system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. RAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1256 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay. archlt. : day A ere.:
» »Bt. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO singing and elocution lessons.. Mme.
- Ren fro and Mies M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
| "~ .. . 'ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
• ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
-no fee without success; collections. G. W.
r HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
' ADVICE free; divorce law; private; estates. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister, nr Hibernla Bank.
• L 8 CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
i Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs advanced In
good cases. ROSS, 123G Market st.. room. 127.
• ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
- W. DAVIDSON. in Market st.
• " PHYSICIANS.
. MRS. DRS. DONOVAN. 621 Hayes St.; all
■ kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.' ;
• REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. of flea
\ and residence, 1021% Market, bet. Cth and 7th.
'. a WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper,' for mall $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1899.
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS!
Sell 2 lbs coffee, 25c; 10 lbs beans, 25c; corn-
meal. Me sack; oatmeal, 35c sack; sugar-
cured hams, 10c lb; 20 lbs rice, $1; 12 cans
corn, $1; 13 cans tomatoes. $1: 10 cans taljle
fruit, $1; 10 enns baked beans, $1; 20 cans
sardines, $1; 13 cans oysters, $1; 7 cans best
Jelly, $1; 25 lbs prunes. $1; 18 lbs granulated
suKar, $1; flour. Sjp sack. LINCOLN BROS.,
Cash Grocers, 226 Sixth st., above Folsom.
GENTLEMAN In business wants to make the
acquaintance of respectable lady; object mat-
rimony; references exchanged. Box 341. Calk
LEDERER'S Qulnonla, the best hair tonic, is
without a rival; costs but little; only 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st^
I DO the most fashionable hairdresstng in town
for 35c only; hair rolls. 33c; good switches. $1:
fine, $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo, 5c
rkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. PR. I'I'NKE: 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture, cured. No knife. No In-
jectlon. Gurntd !Dr. Qordln.6l4 Pine. ab. Kearny.
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market st.. rooms 9 and 10.
WRINKLES positively removed at Harmonic
Life Institute, 236 Powell St.; test free.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law and Copyright
No. 4 Putter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Hend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 B0 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from- the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 112S Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON._
BATHS, 12^c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $S; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 937. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASBNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsonv
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMPS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses mado
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME^ GOLDSTEIN-
LEARN dressmaking, ladies 1 tailoring, mUU-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sch.. 103 Post.
HOUSES TO LET.
CLIPP^R~^I44— 14 rooms, stable: reduced from
$27 50 to $20. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6t>7 Mar-
ket St.. opposite Kearny^
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN St
H< iWELL, 10 Montgomery ft.
FVRNISHBD HOUSES TO LET.
10-ROOM house, well furnished, Western Ad-
dition. Apply SAUNDERS. 83S Geary st.
OOTTAOB39 TO LET.
_______-_-^__,
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; lot 2Sx7O; cheap. 7 Church
lane, nour Btx teenth.
SUNNY cottages of 5 rooms: also flat, 6 rooms,
bath: cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores.
$6f,0 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder, 521
X St.. Sunset District.
*LATS TO LET.
STEINER. bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Elegant
new sunny flats; open to-day; 9-room, $47 50;
7-room $37 50; also on same lot. facing Elliott
Park, o-room, $22 50; 4-room. $18 r have porce-
lain tubs, basements and all modern improve-
ments ; water, scavenger and Janitor service,
included.
40T3 TWENTY-THIRD st., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
599 Noe St., corner Nineteenth"; lower 4 rooms;
$13.
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.^
AN elegant upper 7-room flat, bath, laundry,
sanitary plumbing: sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2
p. m. 71SA Hush st. ■
CLAY. 1415 A. bet Leavenwortb and Hyde—
First-class sunny fiat. 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room In basement; rent reduced very low.
NEAR Mechanics 1 Pavilion— Fine top flat. 4
sunny rooms. 60 Ivy aye.
NEW sunny corner flat of 5 rooms: porcelain
bath, frescoed ceilings; fine view; $15. 899
Noe st., corner Twenty-second.
NINTH 237 Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath. $15.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PRETTY flat, 4 sunny rooms, all modern. 2643
Harrison St., near Twenty-third; $12.
■ WKK Hat, E rooms; bath; big yard.
2578 Clementina Bt.
ROOMS FOR HOUSE KEEPING.
CLAY 1538, corner Larkln— Furnished or un-
furnfshed rooms for housekeeping; also single
rooms; cheap. %
CLEMENTINA, 707— Front housekeeping, bath
and laundry. $7uPj
EDDY 743— Connecting housekeeping rooms,
upper or lower floor; also single sunny ___°r>rn_
FOLSOM 863 — 2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms, with yard; furnished complete.
GEARY 556— Elegant sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping: also other rooms: bath.
HOWARD 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
JONES. 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping; also single rooms, $12 and $8.
JONES, 607— 8 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas; large yard; $18. ■
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished.
MINNA, 545— Sunny furnished housekeeping
room: large sunny yard; very cheap.
MISSION, 1747—2 sunny front suites, $10; stove,
water; also single rooms.
MISSION, UJ6%— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; good oookstove; cheap.
NATOMATT397~near Ninth-Singla or house-
keeping rooms; sunny.
NATOMA 1002, nr. Eleventh— Furnished sunny
rooms f*or light housekeeping; also single;
quiet family.
NINTH, 20— Front bay-window suite, $12; 2
sunny connecting, $10; single; stove; water;
p-ns. .
SIXTH 218V4— Sunny rurnlshed housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & ling. : rent rVas.
SIXTH 420— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.; also single; reas.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Front basement for
housekeeping. '
TWELFTH, 40, noar Market— Nicely furnished
front room; sunny kitchen; use of bath.
TWELFTH, 230 C — 2 front rooms: house-
keeping; ufb of gas etove; private family;
good locality.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered. $5 per month.
ROOMS TO UET.
Xr~lrTr^el~rYanclBCo, Turk and Taylor Ms.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, SOc to $1 M day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Taylor. 149-Nlrely furnished sunny rooms;
quiet" house; translynt; reasonable.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-clasi
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 14 A Geary— Double bed, hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3: Flngle. $1 to $1 JO; night, 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suite*,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT, 142 C Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 534, The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, rnrner Mason— Elegantly
furnished rooms; prices to suit.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week
GOLtJEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate;
private family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1060— One large sunny, well-
furnished room; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SB. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GEARY, 622— Large bay-window front sunny
room; modern conveniences; also ono small.
HARRISON, 784V4, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny roomB; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 433, near GouKh— Newly furnished
sunny front room and bath.
HAVES, 4Sl— Threp or four sunny unfurnished
rooms; with or without range
ROO3IS AND BOARD WANTED.
HOWARD. 046— A sunny bay-window suite, or
will rent separate.
HOWARD, 1113%— Sunny bay-window front
room, |8.
' HOWARD Furnished room in private
family, $6; with use of piano.
MINNA 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION Large sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping, $2 a week; small rooms, $1.
NATOMA, 252. near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms ; rent $6.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished' rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 923, near Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished sunny back room; board optional.
PINE 514 A. near Kearny— ■ furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; $5 up.
POST Elegant sunny corner rooms; .all
conveniences; families and gentlemen; tran-
sient. .
POWELL, 710— Sunny large i well furnished
room; gas and grate; gentleman; cheap.
SEVENTH. 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
. near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. '
SIXTH, 136— Large front room suitable lor busi-
ness; also rooms $1 per week.
THIRTEENTH, 405, cor, Valencia— Nicely fur-
nished front room: closet, bath, tel. ; rent *7.
BUTTER 834— furnished parlor suite; adapted
to physician or dentist; other rooms.
I SUTTER 1111 — Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also housekeeping terms
reasonable.
TWELFTH Tastefully furnished room. $6,
one smaller, $4 per month; private family.
WELL furnished sunny front room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; best part of beautiful Berkeley.
1901 University aye.. cor. Grove. Berkeley.
BOARDING AND ROOM S.
FIRST 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 month up.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites and
single; bath connecting; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
RESTAURANTS.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee, 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell, opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream pirlor. 1035 Market. ; popular prlcw.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for 2 children; furnished room for
parent. 51 Clara st.
ONE or two children to board in German fam-
lly: nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, 630
Market st
LARGE well lighted basement underneath Ger-
man Methodist Church; suitable for kinder-
garten school or store room. 8688 Folßom.
EIGHTH, 132, cor. Natoma— building, cor-
ner store: suitable for grocery and bar.
' OFFICES TO LET. !
POWELL, 143— Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor in last 6 years: furnished.
______——-_ —
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MR^TT WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. EBERHARDT, 937 Guerrero, nr. 22d; test
circle. 2 p. m. Thurs.. 8 p. m. sharp; 10c.
CIRCLE Wednesday and Friday, 8 p. m. 120
Eighth St.; sittings. VIRGIL HARRIS.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'FanreU.
MRS MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 60c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR. 472 Stevenson St., cor Sixth;
fortunes by planets; predicted 1574 overdue
' steamer. ■
CARDS read; ladles, 10c; gentlemen, 25c: from
1 to i p. m. 1113V4 Howard St.. room 9.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1039 Mission
St., downstairs; Monday, Wednesday. Friday.
BLANCHE -DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush, rooms 9 and 10.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma st.. bet. $txth and Seventh.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153/4 sth, r. 21.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Ke.irny St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
Unl»pd States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
I'Ur.DICTIVK ASTROLOGY
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; future
events. 60c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
• PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 3388 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2118 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
LOST.
LOST— B pass-books with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, standing
In the names aa follows:
Book No. 10,040. REV. P. J. GREY.
Book No. 85,672. REV. P. J. GREY. Trustee.
Book No. E675, MRS. T. W. BRENNAN and
MISS ELLEN DARKEN, assigned to P. J.
Book No. 3173, MARY E. CASEY, assigned
to Book _io. 1 26!762, WILLIAM B. O'CONNOR,
aS 800 l lc e Vo < ! 27,667, THOMAS WALSH, as-
signed to P. J. GREY. COSTELLO. ns
Book No. 21,239. JULIA COSTELLO, as
signed to P. J. GREY.
Book No. 24,704, MARGARET VANSTAN,
assigned to P. J. GREY.
The finder will please return the books to
the bank or to the office of M. C. HASSETT.
Attorney at Law, Phelan building.
Dated March 4, 1859. , .
LOST— In the neighborhood of Flllmore st..
or In this city. 2 weeks ago last Sunday, small
fox terrier bitch, long ears, black and tan
head black spot on end of back; had on a
nickel collar. Liberal reward by returning
to 1620 Eddy st. -
LOST March 6. at Bakers Beach, silver open- I
faced watch, with chain. Finder will receive
suitable reward at 7 Kearny st.
LOST— A black shepherd dog with white spot
on chest. Please return to Campl's Restaur-
ant, 531 Clay st., and receive reward. .
CAiIPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
. moves, lays carpets. C. 11. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S " Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 253-357 st.; S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning. Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. ■
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at So.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
7 PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department, office supervising
architect, Washington, D. C, February 25,
1899.— Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 30th day of
March, 1839, and then opened, for all the
masonry work, roof covering, etc., for the j
United States post office, courthouse, etc.,
building at San Francisco, Cal., In accordance
with the drawings and - specification, copies
of which may be obtained at this office or at
the office of the superintendent at San Fran-
Cisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR, Super-
vising Architect.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$16,500 — Modern house of 10 rooms and bath on
Broadway: street bltuminized; large lot,
34:4x127 feet. :
EDDY-ST. RESIDENCE.
$15,000— modern residence, one block from
Van Ness aye., in one of the best resi-
dence districts in the city: mortgage of
$11,000 can remain; lot 34:4x120 feet to
rear street.
TURK-ST. FLATS.
$6,600— Tw0 nice fiats, with stable, etc.: always
rented; street bitumlnized; cement side-
walk; near Buchanan St.; lot 25:11x120
feet to Laurel aye.
BARGAIN.
$s,r>oo— Large house of S rooms and bath, on
California St., near Pierce: street bitu-
• . minized; cement sidewalk; California,
Sacramento and Flllmore street cars;
let 25x137:0 feet.
STEINER-ST. INVESTMENT.
Pays 10 per cent.
$4,soo— Store with flat of 6 rooms above: near
Turk st.; street bituminized; lot 25x
87:0 feet. •
RARE INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$3,ooo— Four fine flats of 4 rooms each; separ-
ate basements; rents $33; must be sold;
make offer.
MISSION HOME. .
$3,000— Small cash payment, balance like rent:
elegant modern home of 5 rooms and
porcelain, bath; high basement; brick
mantel, tile sink, etc.; lot 2.ix114 feet.
SAN JOSE AYE. HOME.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
basement and brick foundation; rents
$17 per month; lot 25x100 feet.
RARE INVESTMENT.
Pays 1 per cent per month.
; ' Only $600 required; balance easy; a few
blocks from Market and Fourth sts.;
large house arranged to accommodate
3 tenements; Al condition: Just re-
modeled: don't -fall to sea this.
RICHMOND HOME.
$100 cash, balance on flat mortgage; 7 per
cent or installments: modern cottage of
5 rooms, bath and high \asement; on
Sixth aye.; street work done; cars pass
door; must be sold.
FINE EXCHANGE.
Modern 10-room residence In Pasa-
dena on best avenue; corner lot, Sos2oft
feet: orange, lemon, prune and magno-
lia trees; will exchange for residence or
business property in San Francisco.
We are preparing our monthly cata-
logue for our March auction sale. For
particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
»2S Market st.
HAVE you money to invest?
Then Come to our New Office.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market, corner Third.
Elegant Accommodations. Good Investments.
$4800.
8 brand-new flats, rented $52; select location.
$6500.
9-room house, vicinity Van Ness aye. and
McAllister st.
$2850.
Two new flats, vicinity Sixteenth st.; rents
$30
$1250— good flats, near Broadway and
Mason St.; half cash. ' ,
$2000— 20-acre poultry ranch, near San Rafael;
house, barn, etc.
$10,500— Corner f,2xSO feet, with 8 flats; rents
$115; 1 block from Market st.
$21,000—40 feet, corner Golden Gate aye.; pays
7 per cent net ; good Improvements.
$S2sO— Corner 62:6x100; Haight and Broderick;
$9660— Corner; 40-foot front; Hayes Valley;
new improvements; rents $90; fine, sightly lo-
s2o,ooo— Corner 137:6x137:6, with improvements,
on Post st.
$60,000— 60x109 feet on Van Ness aye. ,
improved. brick building, near Bald-
sBs,ooo— Six-story brick building, near Bald-
win: 1 tenant pays 6 per cent net.
$110,000— corner on Ellis St.; rents $600,
lot 65x120 feet; 3 fronts. .... .
$80 000— Grand 6-story Investment; vicinity of
Sixth and Market ats.; j-ents gg^ & CO .
*Tx7h FIN t E ; s^ cr roo o o ho w e . : cHAP^;
11 Montgomery Ft.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 63-60, Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. It. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st.: tel. Main 1644. .
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD. 131
Montgomery St.. S. F. , ■
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary; small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d & Jessie.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003H Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell St.
ON palnos, furniture: Oakland: Alameda;
Berkeley. EPSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
teli. etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner big.
~~ MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
■without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin ; office hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8; Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
. at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; self cure, $5;
home in confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
wlv-m. hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. MRS. DR.
V.Yi.T '. SIS Post st, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2. .
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
! every woman her own physician; can be sent
cafe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever caune. Dr. O'Dunnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
care* of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation tree and strictly confi-
dential; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market st., bet. 7th-Sth, teL Mint 1633.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Ft.: $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infanta adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female trendies: no danger; sare cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cai.
BUCKEYE capsules, a boon to married ladles;
harmless, safe. sure; Jl box; sample box 25) .
Buckeye Co., Station M, San Francisco, Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
1540*4 Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
LADIES — Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
• bles: $5 up PR, and MRS. WISE. 1118 Mkt.
STOKAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 3713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
. Ing, advances, etc. 735 Market; tel., 'Black 311.
CITY RE All, ESTATB.
WESTERN
ADDITION
RESIDENCES.
Reduced to 516.500: almost new Pacific Heights
res'dence- parlor, sitting room, reception hall,
dining room, breakfast room, kitchen, butler's
pantry, 10 bedrooms; finished basement; all
modern conveniences: hardwood Boors; every-
thing in perfect condition; best neighborhood;
large lot. . „
$13,000— Laguna st. corner residence; 2-story,
attic and basement; contains 15 rooms, 2 baths
and air modern conveniences; large mortgage
can remain; property must be sold.
J4Sso— Near the Park Panhandle; brand new
house of 8 rooms, bath, etc.; good location; lot
25x137:6; house is very attractively finished; a.
$25,500^-C3ay st. corner residence, containing
12 rooms, etc.; modern in every respect; splen-
did location; large corner lot; offe r wnntej.
B-VLDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A BIG BARGAIN— k .
$5000— 5500 cash, balance same as rent; beau-
tiful new residence of 8 rooms, batn, evC.;
close to Golden Gate Park Panhandle; splendid
neighborhood; street bltumlnized: lot
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
THIS IS A GOOD DAY
To see the lots near the Park which Baldwin
& Howell are selling 30 fast. If you wait
much longer they will be all gone. Over 100 1
lots sold in the past 100 days. Prices range j
from $2'"'O upwards. Terms $25 cash. $5 month-
ly. Lots graded, streets graded, splendid
views. Best residence lots In the city for the
money. Lots face on Eighth', Ninth, Tenth
and Eleventh ayes., south of Golden Gate
Park. Take the Haight or Ellis-st. cars,
transfer to the electric road which runs to
the Cliff House and get ofT at Ninth aye. and
II st. We have a branch ofnVe there where
you can obtain diagrams and price lists.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MISSION COTTAGES
Four, 5. 6 and S-room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200: small cash nayment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
$875— NEAT 4-rootn cottage and large base-
ment, block from Folsom st. cars. Apply
cor. Montcalm and Alabama.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y.-ar.
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATB.
2~ACRES; small house of 3 rooms; barn; about
60 fruit trees; fine place for chicken ranch;
located about 2h<; miles north of Hay wards:
vrry cheap. ARMSTRONG, Real Estate
A pent, Hay wards.
A RARGAIN— SO acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose. bet. Warm
Springs and Milpitas: 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance grain land: good 9-room house, barn,
well windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh st., Oakland.
J9OO—6H ACRES. 2Vi miles from Hay wards;
cottage. 5 rooms; windmill, tank and tank-
house- family orchard; wood and water. A.
M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market j)^
MAIUN' Co., M miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms: rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Bth floor Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATT CO.. 302 California St.. 8. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTAi'E.
$2000— WONDERFUL bargain; 8-room house;
lot 102x126: near Telegraph aye.; one of the
greatest bargains in Oakland: I am author-
ized to sell Immediately: forced sale. E. E.
BTJNCg. SOS Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FI'RNITURBJ FOR SALS}.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
12000 COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. ; easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home, 8 rooms: lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye. ; terms $400 cash, $25 per mo.
$2600— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207^ half block from station and high school:
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3600— New house of 8 rooma: lot 40x150: fine
location; San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station:
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY' REAL ESTATB.
WE offer a good S-room house and corner lot,
handy to cars and schools, for only $lS00; $200
down and $15 monthly; we also sell beautiful
lots near the university for $600 and upward;
only $100 down and ea«y Installments. O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
FOR sale— A very desirable home, on main
thoroughfare, close to East Rerkeley station;
easy payments. Address box 70. Berkeley.
For sale or ront, 11 acres adjoining University
grounds; good house, barn, etc. DR. S. M.
MOUSER. 707 Bush St., San Francisco.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
MeCALL Sliding Hlnge-Wlndow Company.—
Location of principal place of business, San
Francisco, California.
Notice Is hereby given, that at a meeting
of the directors, held on the 14th day of Feb-
ruary 1599, an assessment of five cents per
share was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable Immediately in
United States gold coin, to the secretary
thereof, at the office of said corporation. No.
215 Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco, Cal.
And stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the ISth day of March,
1599, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale' at public auction, and unless payment
is made before, will be sold on TUESDAY,
the 4th day of April. I*9!>. to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of sale. By order
of the Board of Directors.
ELVIN -r. MeCALL, Secretary.
Office, No, 215 Golden Gate avenue, San
Francisco, California.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrlapp licenses have been issued as follows:
Nino Verduel and Paula Plrania S6-_j
J. Newlands Jr. an.l August* H. HnlHstor. 3o-23
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.^
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall Will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
AUSTIN— In this city. February 27, 1899, to the
wife of Edwirt Austin, a daughter.
BRANDON— In this city, March 2. 1599, to the
wife of Julian R. Brandon, a son.
HKKOLD— In this city, March 6, 1899, to the
wife of M. Heroic, a daughter.
HUEY— In this city. March 6, 1899, to the wife
of H. D. Huey, a son.
SULLIVAN— In this city, March 1, 1899, to the
wife of J. F. Sullivan, a daughter.
TIETJEN— In this city, March 3, 1599, to tha
wife of E. H. Tletjen, a son.
WOODS— In this city, March 2, 1899, to the
wife of Alfred M. Woods, a won.
M A JLBIED~
lIURNDALL- MURPHY— In this city, by the
Rev. Father Hartnett, I*. W. Hurndall and
Mary E. Murphy, both of San Francisco.
Anspach. Nicholas Jackson, Wm. L. G.
Arndt. Otto Lasher. Isadora
Axt'lrod, Eva Lass, Mrs. Louise
Cassldy, Michael J. Lennon, Edward
Cheynery, Mrs. O. Lens, Jacob
Cornelius, Louis J. Lynch. Ellen D.
Cronln John Madison. Capt. Hans
Croyland. Ann M. Mason, Helen Q.
Cunningham. Cleolla Miller, Walter
Pavls, O. F. Nagle, John T.
Donovan. Martin Olsen. Inga
Francesohi, John B. Peterson, Edward
Gelshaoker, Matthias Sullivan. Dennis
Harlow, Claude Tletjen (Infant)
Hlndle, Hannah Wright, James
ANSPACH— In this city. March 6. 1399. Nicho-
las beloved husband of Phillplna Anspach,
and rather of Herman, Henry, Fred, Charles,
Louis Julius, William, Emma and Grover
Anspach, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
9 month* and 24 days.
CTFrlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from nls late resi-
dence, 147 "Perry street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
AHNI/r— ln this city. March 6. 1899. Otto,
dearly beloved husband of Lizzie Arndt, a
native of Milwaukee, Wls., aged 30 years 3
months anrt 7 days.
inrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission ytreet. near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
AXELROD— In this city. March 7. 1599. Eva,
beloved wife of Bernhard Axelrod. sister of
Vauline Bloch and Mrs. Julia Bauer, and
daughter of Louis Bloch, a native of Alsace,'
Germany, aged 30 years.
inTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1H36 Howard street, thence by 11.30
o'clock train to HUIs of Eternity Cemetery
lor interment.
CASSIDY— In this city, March 7, 1599, Michael
J. Cassidy, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
ICTRemains at the parlors of James mc-
Menomy & Son, 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh.
CHEYNERY— At Mare Island. Mrs. O. Chey-
nery (formerly Nellie Spencer), a native or
San Francisco, aged 25 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, at the ferry,
thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CORNELIUS— In this city. March 6, 1599. Louis
J. F.. beloved husband of the late Julia Cor-
nelius, and father of George, Louis and Emily
Cornelius, a native of Hessen Castle. Ger-
many, aged 69 years 6 months and 15 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, .74* Folsom street, between Third ana
Fourth. Interment Laurel ""ill Cemetery.
CRONIN— At Adams Springs, Lake County,
March 5, 1599, John, beloved .lusband of Kate
Cronin. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
aged 34 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1213 Thirty-second street, Oakland,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
CROYLAND— Entered Into rest, in this city.
March C, 1899, at her late residence. 1911
Pierce street. Ann M. Croyland, aged; 61
years, a native of England; the loved ana
honored wife of John Croyland, and the be-
loved mother of Mrs. P. Heitzelman ana
Carrie and Belle Croyland.
C 7" The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9:30 a. m., at fat.
Paul's Episcopal Church, California street,
between Stelner and Flllmore. Interment
private- at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM-In this city, March 7, 1599,
Cleolia Cunningham, daughter of Mrs. ko-
setta Cunningham of Stockton, Cal., a native
of California, aged 5 years.
DAVIS— In this city, March 7. 1899/ O. F.
Davis, a native of East Orange. Vt., aged
47 years and 8 months. (Shasta and Trinity
County papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Halsted s un-
dertaking parlors, 946 Mission street.
DONOVAN— In this city, March 7, 1599, Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Mary Walsh, son or
Martin and Margaret Donovan, and brother
of Mrs. J. J. Maslnis, Mrs. Chauncy OlcOtt
and Frank and John Donovan, a native or
Philadelphia, aged 37 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 52S Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner Fell and Flllmore streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9.30
o'clock. Interment Ho^y Cross Cemetery.
FRANCESCHI— In this city. March 6, 1899.
John 8., beloved husband of Petrlne Fran-
ceschl, brother-in-law of Mary Hanson, ana
uncle of Antony Hanson, a native of France,
aged 51 years 9 months and 9 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 62S Laguna street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GEISHACKER— In this city, March 6. 1899,
Matthias, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Geishacker. and father of Mrs. Annie Lyons
and Mrs. Kate Loftus, a native of Germany
aged 62 years. A member of Lincoln Post
No. 1, G. A. R. .
ir?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 5728 Minna street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, where a requiem high mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HARLOW-In this city, March 6. 1899 Claude
beloved son of Catherine Harlow, and brother
of Joseph. Fayette, James and Lucy Harlow.
a native of San Francisco, aged 28 years ana
C^Frle'nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock. from his ,* a "'
residence. 338 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HINDLE— In the City and County Hospital.
March 7. IS9B, Hannah Hlndle, a native of
Kansas, aged 30 years.
JACKSON— In this city.- March G. 1899. Wil-
liam L. G. Jackson. beloved father of Mrs
O. J. Houston of Oakland and Mrs. E. Lone
of San Jose, and brother of M/ A. Jackson.
Mrs E L. White and Mrs. E. C. Clifford, a
native of Albany, aged 53 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, •■- and 06 Mint
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LASHER— In this city. March 7. 1899. Isadora,
k-loved wife of F. R. Lasher and mother of
L. H. and C. A. Lasher and Mrs. H. W. Oil-
mour. a native of Baldwlnville, N. V. aged
60 years.
LASS-In Fruitvnle, at the German A ten-
helm. March 7. 1899. Mrs. Louise Lass widow
of the late Henry Lass, and sister of Fred-
erick B. Elnfeldt. a native of Kiel. Germany,
aged 68 years 4 months and 25 days,
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the German
Altenheim. Fruitvale. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
LENNON— In this city. March 7. 1899. Edward,
beloved husband of Mary A. Lennon, father
of Edward and Charles Lennon, and brother
of William and Charles Lennon. a native of
Kings County, Ireland, aged 32 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 209 Twentieth avenue, near Cali-
fornia street, thence to Star of the Sea
Church, where mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LENZ-In Victoria, B. C. March 5. 1899. Jacob
Lenz, beloved father of Mrs. Lena Cook, Mrs.
Carrie Leiser, Mrs. Sophia Lelser and Moses
Lenz. a native of Germany, aged 81 years.
try-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited "to attend the funeral Friday.
March 10. at 11:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery. Services will be held in the chapel
at the cemetery-
LYNCH— In this city, March 6. 1599, Ellen
Dorothea, dearly beloved daughter of Joho
and Marian Lynch, sister of Lawrence
Lynch, and granddaughter of Mr. .and Mrs.
Frederick Stelnhaeen, aged 1 month and 9
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. Sixth avenue and X
street south. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MADISON— In Frultvale. March 5. 1899, Captain
Hans beloved husband of Reglna Madlsoft,
and rather of Fannie Madison, a native of
Denmark, aged 62 years. .
(r^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
carriage.
MASON— In this city. March 7. 1890, Helen Ger-
trude, beloved daughter of Charles G. and
Harriet Mason, and sister of Charles ana
Wallace Mason, a native of California, aged
7 years and 4 months.
MILLER— In this city. March 6. 1599. Walter,
beloved Eon of J. Miller and Mrs. G. Fra-
spr stepbrother of Paul Brlnckmann. and
grandchild of Mrs. L. Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 years 1 month and 16 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 439 Union street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NAGLE—In this city. March 6 1899, John T
beloved son of James and Mary Nasrle ana
brother of Richard. Nellie. James, William.
Thomas and Mary Nagle. a native of San
Francisco.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 356 A Clementina street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
oulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSEN— away, in Alameda, March 8,
1899 In«a Olsen. beloved mother of Mrs.
Elizabeth SwlUer and August P. and Frank
a' Olsen. a native of Sweden, aged 77 years.
fcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. 2208 Jackson street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. March 7, 1899. Ed-
ward Peterson, a native of Norway, aged 78
years.
SULLIVAN— In Oakland, March 6. 1«99, Dennl3
Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
rarlors of James McManus, Seventh and Cas-
tro streets, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland. - •. ■ '
TIETJEN— In this city. March 7, 1899. infant
son cf E. H. and Alice Tietjen, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 days.
WRIGHT— In this city, March 8. 1599. James
Wright, a native of New York, aged 66 years.
ST. JOSEPH'S UNION— The semi-annual mass
for the ■ deceased members of St. Joseph's
Union will be celebrated in St. Mary's Cathe-
dral this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock.
Rev. Father Bond, C. S. S. R.. will preach on
that occasion.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to thank all the many friends
who have shown their sympathy to us
in our bereavement. _,,
MRS. EMILIE QASSMANN and Children.
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
* (Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3L
■ ■ » Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. -
McAVOY <Jt CO., 1
rUNEKAL UIMCTURS & EMBAI.MSa» I
MB Market it,, between Bth and Ua. . |
- .. "^ -Telephone.- South 147. |
1112
CITIZENS WELCOME
INGLESIDE'S DOOM
Supervisors Universally Praised for
Their Action.
EVIL BOAST OF THE GAMBLERS.
They Prepare to Concentrate the Crime Breeding
Influences at Emeryville— A Secret Compact
Between Corrigan and the Oakland
Manipulators.
The action of the Supervisors In tak
ing the preliminary step toward placing
an absolute prohibition upon book
making and pool selling in this city has
won an almost universal tribute of
praise and commendation from those
who have the welfare of San Francisco
at h^art. The evil of Ingleside had
grown to such appalling proportions
that the citizens of this city dreaded
that reform was impossible. Clergy
men had preached in vain against the
curse of the race course. Police offi
cials had reached that stage where they
VT r^ powerless to do anything more
than record the tragedy of lives
wrecked by the racetrack. Merchants
■a-ere forced to suspect their most trust
ed employes and to employ detectives
to shadow men and women that before
had been above suspicion.
The records of the State penitentiaries
were telling new stories of crime con
ceived at the racetrack. The Morgue
found many a suicide led to self de
struction by the allurements of the
bookmakers. Homes were being
wrecked and the private detectives of
the city were reaping a harvest in the
shame of those who had fallen beneath
the seduction of the poolsellers. When
there seemed no possibility of remedy
the Supervisors stepped in and placed
an abs-.lute ban upon the degenerate
eport that has thrived at Ingleside.
The action of the board taken on
Monday afternoon was the topic yester
day of general comment. Lawyers dis
cussed the possibility that too drastic
a measure had been adopted and the
gamblers might call into question the
constitutionality of the new municipal
ordinance. Merchants and business
men were unanimous in their opinion
that the first step in reform had been
well taken and that the people of the
city, irrespective of class or occupation,
will give unqualified support to the
Supervisors in their crusade against
the great evil.
Thf-re is reason to believe that the
prohibitive ordinance was not alto
pether a surprise to the gamblers of
the racecourse. Ed Corrigan and his
fellows tried their game elsewhere be
fore they began operations in this city.
They thrived in Chicago until the ruin
they brought in their tracks compelled
the authorities of that city to expel
them and stop their crime-breeding
practices. Men and women had been
dishonored and a legitimate and royal
pport had been sacrificed to their greed.
They had existed as legalized agencies
of crime and The people of Chicago re
belled. The "Master of Hawthorne"
was forced to seek a new field for his
manipulations and he chose San Fran
cisco.
Certain members of the army of gam
blers that followed Corrigan's lead have
be<=n indiscreet enough to boast *hat
they had paid for municipal protection
against adverse laws. These men knew
as well as any one could tell them that
they were debauching an honest sport,
but" they claimed that they had pur
chased immunity from official interfer
ence. The race course was given over
to the gamblers, and the black record
which The Call has published was the
result for the people of San Francisco.
When the race course gamblers made
their boast that they had given coin
for protection, they also declared that
they had, by agreement, protected
themselves from any interference with
their scheming traffic. While they were
disturbed they were not surprised
at the action taken on Monday by the
Board of Supervisors. Corrigan and
his fellows have anticipated in this city
the rebellion that was created by their
operations in Chicago.
In anticipation of the inevitable
end of their manipulation in this
city, the gamblers of Ingleside have
united with the gamblers of Emery
ville in a scheme for mutual protec
tion. Very early in the history of the
great evil of Ingleside a compact of
importance was made between Corri
gan and the gamblers of the Oakland
track. In substance this compact
provided that in the event of acci
dent to either track the managers of
the other would extend every possi
ble privilege and courtesy to their
associates. This simply means that
if the authorities of San Francisco
crushed out the race track cvii in this
city the gamblers of Ingleside would
be welcomed with their horses at
Emeryville.
The schemers of the local track are
now boasting of the existence of this
contract. They allege thai they have
in the past bought, the protection of
Boards of Supervisors, but they will do
nothing now to prevf-nt the full ff/rce
of the legislation which has received
every commendation except their own.
They say that they will go to Emery
ville and concentrate their vicious sport
on the Oakland track. If this threat
is carried out, and from the develop
ments of yesterday it seems less a
threat than an unwelcome alternative
of the gamblers, San Francisco will be
freed from the greatest evil that ever
visited the city.
The members of the Board of Super
visors who voted to abolish brrokmak
ing and pool-selling took their ac
tion after full deliberation. They
saw no reasonable way of tem
porizing with the evil and decided
to kill It They will stand by their po
sition next Monday and will complete
the legislation that means the end of
Ingleside. The Supervisors believe that
Oorrlgan and his associates had car
ried their Chicago practice? to such a ;
pass at Ingleside that annihilation was |
the only remedy that would prove ade- j
quate to destroy the evil. The gamblers
will have to go elsewhere, therefore,
whether they care to do bo or not. If
they so to Emeryville they will remain
a crime-creating influence in the State i
until a legislative enactment drives j
them out.
The conditions which the gamblers
| have created at Ingleside are matters
of sincere regret to legitimate sports
men of the State, but they say that
they would rather see the prohibition
of a sport than its prostitution by
blacklegs. These sportsmen are
heartily in sympathy, therefore, with
the new ordinance.
They discussed with some interest :
yesterday the possible legal aspects of j
the case.
Lawyers who were interviewed ;
are unanimous in the opinion that the '
new ordinance prohibiting bookmak
ing and poolselling is constitutional
and will pass the test of the Supreme ;
Court. The Board of Supervisors pos
sesses what is known as police power
and is privileged to exercise that power
as long as all enactments are general
in character. The prohibitory ordin- ,
ance. which was passed to print on
Monday, Is general, prohibiting, as it
does, all bookmaking and poolselling
within the limits of the city and county
of San Francisco. The ordinance in
no way is special or partial. It is ex- :
pected, therefore, to bear the test of j
the courts if it be called into question
by the gamblers.
The manipulators of the race
course will have to move therefore
from Ingleside to Oakland. There
will be no profit, as there has been
no sport, in racing without the dis
honest adjunct of the books. Ingle
side's terrifying brood will migrate
to Emeryville, where, under existing
laws, it may still thrive to corrupt
the people of Oakland, and indirectly
those of San Francisco.
It will be remembered that Moses
Gunst, Dan Burns and their crew
made Emeryville an incorporated
town of the sixth class. Hostlers,
rubbers, touts, jockeys, gamblers and
men known best as loafers con
tributed the carpet-bag votes that
made Emeryville a pleader for mv- j
nicipal privileges, and a subservient
Board of Supervisors of Alameda did
the rest. Emeryville is consequently
free from the jurisdiction of the au
thorities of Oakland or the County of
Alameda.
The gamblers make the laws to
suit themselves. They have a town in
a race track. If they keep their con
tract with Corrigan they will wel
come the blacklegs that the Super
visors are driving from this city and
protect in one great vicious nest the
men whom Chicago would not toler
ate, and against whom the people of
San Francisco, in self-protection,
have rebelled. This condition of af
fairs cannot be disturbed except by
an enactment of the State Legisla
ture. It is, perhaps, significant that
Corrigan has found it necessary to :
go to Sacramento.
As already indicated, the Super
visors were rewarded yesterday for
their action by general commenda
tion. Clergymen, police authorities,
merchants, business men, lawyers,
sportsmen were a unit in praising
the men who had courage enough to
attack the evil of Ingleside. Repre
sentatives of every class in the com
munity were eager to give unquali
fied indorsement to the action of the
Board of Supervisors. It had been
claimed by the gamblers that at least
one class in the community, that of
i the liquor dealers, would indorse no
restrictive measure against the race
course. To show the falsity of this
claim the following interviews are
subjoined:
FRED MULLER, wholesale wine
dealer — The races as now conducted are
a great evil to this city, both morally
and in a business way. As an illustra
tion, I have patrons who do a good
business and ought to be prosperous,
but they play the ponies, and the result
is that I cannot collect from them, and
in more than one case I know that they
are not able at present to pay their
rent. The game which was once a
royal sport has degenerated into a plain
gambling proposition and ought to be
stopped. It is a ruinous combination at
the least.
HERMAN DENHARD, wholesale li
quor dealer — I do not believe in prohib
iting horse racing, but I do think it
ought to be. restricted to a term of i
three or four months. The present Biz
months' arrangement is all wrong.
JOHN F. WITZELL, commission j
merchant — Clean, honest horse racing j
is all right, but the gambling feature I
that has developed so rapidly in the j
past few years should be stopped, if it
can be done. It is ruinous to our young
men and it seems that the women are
becoming fascinated with the game.
RICHARD UHTE, retail liquor dealer
—The gambling feature ought to he
stopped. Business men as well as
clerks are going wrong by reason of it,
and I do not see why the temptation
should be placed before them. There is
no other place in the world where this
wide open six months' game would be
allowed. It should be restricted to <I<=an
sport and confined to not more than
two months.
HARRY M. CAMPE, wholesale li
quor dealer— The pool selling part of
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1899.
JACKIES MADE CAPTIVE
BY FEMININE HANDS
Enjoyable Reception to Officers and Men of the lowa by
the Young Men's Christian Association
and Ladies.
m HEVERAL officers and nearly half the crew of the battle-ship lowa were present at the reception in * helr hon^ #^™ "
" V. by the Young Men's Christian Association last evening, and applauded the numbers on the programme . cheered their Q
6 > entertainers, drank pink lemonade and were overwhelmed with embarrassment at he devoted attention of the mnu g
* <J merable pretty girls and had a royal good time generally. Now they have In mind the repetition of their famous q
£ minstrel show in the hall of the association some evening next week in return for their entertainment last night g
% There was an immense crowd present to welcome the sailor boys, the hall would not begin to accommofiate c t^ r m^ £
£ and women and boys and girls who wanted to pay homage to the guests, and the lobby and reception rooms ™*™™ O
O during the entertainment. Afterward, when those in the hall poured out, the crowd upstairs became a crush; a solid, ltn-
♦ movable, perspiring, happy body. M , . , ,___, °
9 And the jackles! they were as happy as larks, and before they left the building every man of them looked upon <$>
O himself as the only Simon-pure conqueror of Cervera. The lads arrived at the association's rooms shortly before 8 o ciock o
<$> in command of Cadet McCarthy, Lieutenant Lopez and Chaplain Brown, and were conducted to the front seats in tne y
O hall, the officers being seated on the stage with H. J. McCoy, who presided. ;.'-\"*'' turn <S>
<•■• John A. Percy delivered a feeling address of welcome, to which Chaplain Brown responded on behalf of the officers q
O and men of the lowa. The following programme was then presented for the entertainment of the guests and was heart- $
£ ily enjoyed by all: • °
■$> "Sally in Our Alley" . (Carey), Knickerbocker Quartet— Herbert Williams, first tenor; D. B. Crane, first bass; C. M. .Elliot, second o
O tenor; Ij. A. Larsen, second bass. ' *
£ Reading:, Professor Cyrus Brownlee Newton. •• £:£-.*; , ■ 9
V Baritone solo, "Sons of the Mighty West" (adapted from Betterton), Mr. Robert Lloyd; Professor J. Hamilton Howe, accom- q
q panlßt. <*>
.:.. Club swinging and 26-pound cannon hall exercise, Henry L. Dietz, M.D.. physical director Young Men's Christian Association, o
<;■ and George Baker, member of the association gymnasium class. q
O "Mammy's Li'l Boy". (Rlley), Knickerbocker Quartet. <»>
<*• "The Proposal," Professor Newton and Miss Lydia Jacob. . . 6
O Duet, "Repeat Again"' (Badja), Mr. Lloyd and Mrs. J. W. Madden. , <$>
♦ "The Flags of the Nations, or the Columbian Illusion," Kugene Laurant, magician. O
9 "Star Spangled Banner" . (Keyes), . Knickerbocker Quartet. q
6 At the conclusion of this part of the entertainment the blue jackets were escorted upstairs to the reception rooms <$,
£ and given into the hands of fifty young ladies, comprising the reception committee. Here they were gorged on Ice- o
? cream, ladyflngers and other delicacies not usual to Jack's' mess and made to tell over and over just what part they per- <s>
6 formed in the affair off Santiago harbor. Nor were they allowed to go until the officers warned them that their leave had o
••> nearly expired. All in all, it was one of the most enjoyable affairs the men of the lowa have yet participated in. <$
6 . O
H^O^O^O-S-O^O^O^O <$> CXsXD^O^CX^O^ O"S>O<^O<^O<«>O<J>O <S> O <S> O SO <$>O<S-O<S>O<«>o€>O<e«O<S>O •$> O<S>o<s>O<S>O<B>O<s>B
the game should be stopped and the
sport brought; back to the old proposi
tion of contesting for purses. How
ever, the nlckel-in-the-slot machine, in
its insidious way, is in a degree as bad.
I say stop all this kind of gambling or
let the town run wide open. I do not
believe in making flesh of one and fowl
of another.
J. D. FLOYD, retail liquor dealer—
I do not believe in interfering with
the vested rights of the people, but
the way house-racing is conducted
in this city and Oakland is dis
graceful. It ruins our young men
and makes thieves of those who
would otherwise lead honest lives.
Another feature of the proposition is
the fact that there Is many a hard
working man who, when he goes to his
business, does not know whether his
wife will go to the races or coursing,
or stay at home and care for her
family.
CHARLES BUNDSCHU. wholesale
wine dealer— l have long been opposed
to this poolselling vice and in connec
tion with the Merchants' Association
have labored to assist in correcting it.
The game demoralizes our youth, is a
disgrace to the city and gives us noth
ing in return. Let it be made a clean
sport and restricted, or suppressed en
tirely.
A wholesale liquor dealer, who de
clined to be quoted, said: "The races
as now conducted are a great damage
to the city. There are many business
BABY STILL WAITS, BUT
PAPA WILL NOT RETURN
Edward Lennon Swept From a Rock by a Wave While
Fishing at the Foot of the Cliff House.
g j { T"\ WING me a nss for my dinner,
+ \-{ papa."
O II Big, burly Edward Lennon
♦ "^ tossed the little prattler high
9. above his head, and with a kiss all
O around and a promise to bring home
-♦- fish for mamma and all, started for
O the Cliff House with his friend, A.
4- D. Preston, to spend a portion of
° their well-earned day of rest in surf
+ fishing.
? Less than an hour later an Italian
7^ crab fisher drew the lifeless body of
° Lennon into his boat from the ocean
"*" and conveyed it to the Morgue.
9 Lennon was a motorrrian on • the
q Sutro electric road, and Preston was
+ his conductor. Twice a month the
O men were given a day's lay off, and it
+ was their custom to go out to the
9 beach and fish. Lennon lived with his
o wife and two children, one a babe of
+ 3 years, the other .having reached the
O mature age of 5 years. :'•-. );',
4- The men arrived at the Cliff House
9 about 8 o'clock and made their way
'T downstairs on the north side of the
? building and through a side door to the
"T ledge on which the building stands.
9 There is a space of hardly a dozen
0 feet between the storehouse and the
1 edge of the cliff, which at that point
q is fully fifty feet high and almost per
;i pendlcular. Lennon and his compan
q ion, however, knew a way of scaling
4- the cliff, and, reaching a great, fiat
o ■' i ; ','.. ■
■-f O-f O-f O-f O + O + O + O + O-f O-f O-f O-f C
men who know this by s d experience.
I have customers who have always
heretofore been prompt in their pay
ment of bills, but they have caught the
horseracing gamble fever and the re
sult is that they can't pay their bills
and their business is going to the dugs.
Unless the game is stopped it is easy
to see their finish. Not alone this, but
I know of my own knowledge that
young hoys and girls pool their nickels
and dimes and quarters and buy pools
on the races. It is an outrage that
such temptations should be tolerated
and it is the duty of the Supervisors
to not only stop the poolselling, but
lo materially shorten the period in
which races can be h^ld. It is not
sport now; it is a plain, raw gamble:"
A BRUTAL ATTACK.
Corrigan Grossly Insults a Bace-
Goer and Escapes Punishment.
That Ed Corrigan, the "White Czar"
of Ingleside, still lives is perhaps a mir
acle. When the stern-visaged veteran
of a hundred brawls spat in the face of
a race-goer at Ingleside track yester
day, he took his life in his hands and
did not know it. As usual, he escaped
unscathed, by the help of a PinJcerton
detective, his old ally.
The occurrence mentioned happened
between the second and third races. A
gambler from Oakland, who refused to
rock at the bottom that projected out
of the water six or eight feet at low
tide, from this rock they could easily
jump to another farther out, and there
almost directly underneath the north
west corner of the Cliff House they
usually cast their linos.
The water was low when they
reached the ledge yesterday morning,
and the lazy breakers rolling in were
contemptuously small. After watch-
Ing them a few minutes to see that
they did not wash over the rock, Len
non said it was "all right," and scram
bled down the cliff, calling to his com
panion to follow him. Preston did so,
and Lennon soon reached the first
rock.
Without thought, of danger, he
jumped across to the second. At the
same instant a billow, much larger
than any of the preceding ones, rolled
in. washing over the outer rock and
knocking Lennon off his feet. Before_
he could regain an upright position a
second and still larger breaker swept
over the rock, and when it receded it
carried poor, struggling Lennon out
toward Seal Rocks.
Preston sought by every means in
his power to save his comrade, and
several attaches of the Cliff House
hurried' to the rescue with a life buoy,
but Lennon was far beyond their
reach.
A crab fisher lay hove-to in nig boat
>-f O-f O-f O-fO-fO-fO + O-f O-f O-f O-f O-f 0
give his name, had just cashed a win
ning ticket, and passed between the
stands <>f George Rose and Barney
Rchreiber. As he did so Ed Corrigan
happened to be engaged in conversation
with "Red," the busy paddock runner
and information gleaner employed by
Barney Schrelber. Turning around,
with an oath, the exile of Cicero sput
squarely in the face of the stranger,
no doubt thinking he was playing the
eavesdropping act. In an instant the
man from across the bay, an individual
i.f small stature, with blue eyes and a
blonde mustache, asked his herculean
assailant what he meant, at the same
time starting to remove his coat. Before
he could commence the attack a Pin
tce'rton man seized him by the arm, and
soon everything was as dull and list
less as the tireless breaking of the
waves on the distant ocean beach.
News of the disgraceful occurrence
soon spread about the track. To a
crowd nf sympathizers the grossly In
sulted individual said that he passed
between the boxes intending to place
a bet with George Rose. As the tears
rolled down. his cheeks, this man of the
world regretted one thing. "He did n<>t
have his gun with him." His business
in Oakland, he said, k^pt him up late
and he made It a practice to carry a re
volver.
Forgetfulness, then, perhaps, on the
part of another, prevented Edward Oor
rigan from becoming a Native Son for
ever.
just outside Seal Rocks, and he was _
called upon to come in and save the +
drowning man, who still struggled O
feebly in the water, tightly grasping +
his fishing pole. The boatman re- ?
sponded, but when he reached the body
life was extinct, so he took the re
mains In the boat and brought them to J
the city, turning them over to the
Coroner. q
Lennon was 32 years of age, and
prior to the opening of the Sutro road Q
had been a 'motorman on the Hay- +
wards and San Mateo lines. He was o
regarded ac one of the most trust- +
worthy employee of the company, and O
was exceedingly popular with his fel- +
lows. O
Out in a humble cottage on Twen- +
tieth avenue and Clement street a O
bfeutlful little 5-year-old child is divid- +
Ing its time between efforts to dry O
mamma's tears and wondering "why -f
papa doesn't come wiv my fiss for my o
dinner." +
o
'+ + O-f O-f O-f O+O+ O -f O ♦ O-f O-f O-f O-f ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LINEN
department:
...SPECIAL OFFERING...
OF
Fine Housekeeping Linens.
On Monday, March 6th, and following days, we will
offer some SPECIAL VALUES in extra qualities IRISH
AND GERMAN LINENS, and invite particular attention
to the following- :
1 Case 72-INCH BLEACHED SATIN TABLE <T>4 (]() y ,
damask «pi.uu i ara.
150 Dozen 3-4x3-4 BLEACHED SATIN <|>Q f)() nn7 « n
DAMASK NAPKINS «PO.UU JJOZen.
1 Case BLEACHED LINEN DAMASK TABLE
CLOTHS, size 2 yards by yards 3 75 Each.
(extra quality) v " v
60 Dozen GERMAN DAMASK TOWELS, q>ft fif) nn7O _
satin finish, with knotted fringes <pU« UOZen.
1 Case Extra Size LINEN DAMASK TOW-
L^ S der S n ° t . te i! r .! n f.^. a !! d .. as . s . 0 - rt ! d $3.00 Dozen.
200 Dozen LINEN HUCK TOWELS, both <J>O (\(\ n ____
hemmed and fringed, extra heavy.... ip^. UU UOZen.
2 Cases IRISH GLASS LINENS, assorted colors,
12lc, 15c, 20c and 25c Yard.
50 Dozen Extra Size BLEACHED TURK- o>O 7 c n~™~
ish towels «p^« ■ o i/ozen.
1 Case 20-INCH TWILLED IRISH LINEN 4C n V ««J
toweling lOC Yard.
We are also showing an elegant assortment of
LINEN SCARFS, TRAY CLOTHS, DOYLIES, PILLOW-
CASES, PILLOW-SHAMS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS,
FINGER-BOWL DOYLIES, TEA CLOTHS and DAM-
ASK SETS.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GROCERIES
REMOVED FROM
THEIR BASEMENT
Bibo, Newman & Iken
berg Suffer.
A WELL PLANNED ROBBERY
BURGLARS' VISIT DISCOVERED
BY MEREST ACCIDENT.
Police Carefully. Investigate the
Premises, but Find No Trace
of the Bold and Clever
Criminals.
A representative of Bibo, Newman &
Ikanberg, the well-known grocers at the
southwest corner of Polk and California
streets, visited the Chief of Police otnee
last night and reported that burglars nave
been visiting the establishment during
the past three nights and carried away
many hundreds of dollars in groceries.
The thieves gained an entrance to the
cellar by breaking down an obstruction
between the grocery firm's premises and
those next door. Once in, their opera
tions were easy. Although a watchman
was overhead, their work went on un
noticed and might have continued but
for a discovery made by one of the c'.erks
in the store yesterday. He felt a. draught
and began to search for its cause and
discovered a number of auger holes un
der the counter, which the burglars had
evidently made to throw light into the
cellnr. Further investigation developed
the fact that the boards separating the
two cellars had heen removed and a
quantity of goods stolen.
The visit was evidently well planned,
and way made by persons familiar with
the peculiar formation of the cellars in
that vicinity. It is .said it is possible to
walk through the adjoining basements
without meeting any obstructions.
Detective Egan was detailed on the
case and visited the store last evening to
investigate.
The nrm Is unable to give the police a
list of the articles taken, as there are
thousands of dollars" worth of goods
stored in the cellar. They, however, con
sider themselves particularly fortunate
In making tne discovery before the base
ment was relieved of its valuable con
tents.
SUDDEN DEATH.
Saloon-Keeper Cassidy's Spree Came
to a Fatal Ending After Nine
Months.
M. J. Cassldy, a saloon-keeper at 613
Mission street, was found dead in bed
yesterday morning in the room which he
had occupied as a bed-chamber back of
the saloon. William Owens sleeps in the
same building and was accustomed to
awaken Cassidy every morning. Hearing
no response to his knock he forced the
door open und found Cassldy dead.
The deceased was a native of Ennis
killen, Ireland, 45 years old. He had been
in robust health, but had been drinking
to excess for the past nine months. The
indications are that alcoholism was the
cause of death.
DBIVEN TO STEAL.
An Ex-Soldier, Desperate by Destitu
tion, Carries Off a 801 lof Wire.
George Brown, an ex-Tennessee soldier,
was arrested early yesterday morning
while in the act of carrying away a roll
of copper wire from the Edison electric
power house on Stevenson street, near
Third. He stated to Superintendent Pool
of the company that he was destitute and
left his wife at home without a particle
of food in the house to eat. He claims to
have arrived in Nashville, Term., from
New York, his native place, just at th«
time the regiment was recruiting for its
d( parture for this coast, and enlisted. He
was discharged here and was married.
For a while all went well, but bad luck
overtook him. and he was soon penniless.
His story impressed Superintendent Pool.
who instructed Attorneys Wheeler and
Williams for the company to ask for an
acquittal, believing that Brown was lm
pelled by his desperate poverty to commit
the crime. Judge Graham continued the
case till to-day, a preliminary to discharg
ing the prisoner.
An Early Pioneer Dead.
Thomas Stealey, a California pioneer,
was buried yesterday from his residence,
3491 Seventeenth street. He arrived in
this city in tho latter part of 1549. via the
isthmus, a passenger from Panama in the
old bark Caucasia. He made a fortune in
the Frazier River mines and returned to
San Francisco, where, in May. 1860, he
married Miss Mary 1.. Saunders, a de
scendant of tho Washington family. Mrs.
Stealey and right children survive him.
Mr. Stealey was one of the oldest mem
bers of California I,odee Xo. 1, I. O. O. F.,
joining the order in 1^54.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWB.ANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND "LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
"Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment In the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
Some doctors fail because of treating
the wrong disease; others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES. NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality and vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cure*
guaranteed:
Kidneys. . Brifth t\s Diseass,
Catarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases,
Lun<>B, Blood and Skin,
Head, Rupture.
Heart, Rheumatism.
Bladder. Diseases of Rectum,
Liver. Spleen, Varlcocele,
Stomach, H. drocele.
And all swellings, tenderness and Im-
pediments of the sexual parts; effects of
indiscretions in youth or excesses in
after life, neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak back, falling
memory, despondency, etc.. promptly and
effectualy cured.
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
cessful home treatment known to the
medical profession. Thousands who were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul-
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.
Office Hours— 9 t0. 12 m.; 2to 5 and 7to 3
p. m. ; Sundays from 10 to 2.
DDTTCUI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
DriUOllJuO <-Js. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewer?, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannerm,
dyers, flourmills. foundries. * laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofrrs. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrament* 9k