VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 61.
CHAPLAIN CHADWICK
CRIES OUT AGAINST
EXPANSION POLICY
Declares It the Duty of th>e Government
to Hold th)e Philippines Only Until
the People Are Able to Govern
Themselves.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— An immense
throng filled Carnegie Hall to
night to hear the benefit concert
and lecture by the Rev. John P.
Chadwick, who —as chaplain of
the Maine, on "Our War With Spain,
Its Causes and Results," preceded by
what he saw of the blowing up of the
battleship. The concert and lecture was
for the benefit of the Catholic Reading
Room for Young Men, and to help es
tablish a number of buch places
throughout the city for the good of
30,000 seafaring men.
Governor Rooseveu presided. Major !
General Roe, *th his staff, Admirals
Krben and Miller, Lieutenant Com
mander Delahanty, General Avery D.
Andrews, Colonel Treadwell, Commo
dore Phi.ip, Car-tain Goodrich and hun
dreds of other officers -were rresent.
Govern r Roosevelt made a brief ad
dress, after which Father Chadwick
spoke for an hour, -iving an interest
ing account of the sailing of the Maine
for Havana, the experiences n Havana
and the blowing up of the ship. He !
spok« of the heroism of the sailors
when the ca astr he occuri d and af
terwards when suffering in hospitals.
"Imperialism: What do they mean by ;
imperialism" sai'. he, in the course of!
his address. "What does it mean, this
departure fr •- the settled policy of the
nation? Must it be that this policy,
fought for ty the founders of our Gov
ernment, is to be laid aside . s useless
now? God forbid that imperialism may
find a foothold in our country. Our
forefathers knew what imperialism
meant: they had learned it from Eng
land when they fought fcr liberty. They
fought to establish the proposition and
AN APPEAL TO AMERICA
TO STOP THE CRUELTIES
Special Cabli to The Call and th- New York Herald. Copyright,
1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA. Jan. 29. — The Spanish civil prisoners have not yet been
released. Tales of suffering, hunger and dishonor co from the pro
vinces. Young Spanish girls are forced to live in open shame with low
born Indians. Their parents, being powerless, appealed to Aguinaldo.
His reply was a letter from a dishono; 1 child— exacted after God
knows what suffering— saying she is happy and contented. Ladies have
suffered dishonor to save their husbands from cruel treatment.
Five priests we died in one province from hunger and cruelty, al
though $80,000 had been sent by a corporation for their maintenance.' •
appeal is no->v made to the American nation in the name of God to stOD
the tragedy.
wrote in blood that all good govern
ment rests with the will of the gov
erned people. The strength of our na
tion is in the manhood and womanhood
of its people. They have been developed
oat of liberty in hope and ambition. I
believe that imperialism would be short
lived in this country were it ever estab
lished. We would not be able to hold
on to it. The whole tide of the war is
toward republicanism. Shall we go
back and stop the progress of the j
world?
"I do not mean to arraign Jhe Gov
ernment as if it were responsible for
purh a policy. I firmly believe that
there is no greater American than Pres
ident McKinley. The holding of the
Philippines is not against the princi
ples of our nation. The holding of the
lFiands is an r bsolnte necessity. "Would
It be well to J»avo the inhabitants in
bloodshed and withdraw the troops to
morrow? Would we not be held up to
the scorn of history if we should desert
them now? "We are bound to keep
them. Whether wise or not, it is now
a necessity. The treaty does not say
that we are to hold them eternally, but
the American people must not lot them
go back to Spain, but must hold them
till this nation can place them as they
must be placed, among the free peoples
of the earth. Tho pressure tipon the
President m compel him to formulate
a policy in regard to th« Philippines is
wrong. He cannot formulate a policy
In regard to a people of whom we are
ignorant. The Philippines must be kept
like Cuba until wise suifsmanship can
decide what is the best policy toward
them."
MELLIZA IS PRESIDENT
OF ViSAYAN FEDERATION
MANILA, Jan. 29.— According to a
SAYS FILIPINOS NEED
MOST SEVERE LESSON
♦• "
MADRTD, Jan. 29.— A general who has li-ed some years in the Phillo-
O pine Islands said me in the lobby of the Corte. to-day.
+ " "Air. - i ans are making two mistakes in connection with the Philio
£ pine qu. tic. -irst, they are giving Aguinaldo and his followers time
O to organize their forces and prouagate their idea of independence among
+ the Malays; second, in attributing all importance of the archipelago
+. to the island of Luzon alone. If Americans occupied other islands in an
o effective manner, making it clear to the Tagallo; that their occupation
♦ is definite and permanent, the moral effect on the Malays would be very
o important, especially in the case of half castes and rich planters, who
dread war.
+ "Americans are mistaken if they think that without -iving the na-
O tives a severe lesson they can get a firm footing in Luzon. The Malay
+ a barbarian, obedient only to impulses «- fana ' m and --ar of pun
4. " hment."
The San Francisco Call.
] dispatch just received from Iloilo, cap- I
I ital of the island of Panay, at the elec
| tion held on January 17 Senor Ramon
Melliza was chosen President of the
so-called Visayan -'tVoration for a
■ term of two years, his predecessor.
I General Lopez, being appointed com
| mandcr in chief of the forces ,of the
revolutionary government.
Business was being resumed there
1 when the dispatch in question left, and
i sugar was entering from the island of
■ Negros. Ships were loading hemp. The
i sugar crop is far below the average,
■ and shows an estimated deficiency of
I about 9000 tons.
Although matured, the crop was not
being harvested, owing to the lack of
labor, but with the subsidence of the
excitement the local authorities were
i persuading the natives to return to the
provinces.
Six n ive commissioners, headed by
Senor Ramon Avancena. a lawyer, ar
rived to-day from Iloilo by the United
States transport St. Par 1 They have
j come to consult with Aguinaldo. A
I number of native soldiers who had been
transported were landed on January 25
on the island of Panay. about twenty
; five miles north of Iloilo.
Although matured, the crop was not
being harvested, owing to the lack of
labor, but with the subsidence of the
excitement the local authorities were
persuading the natives to return to the
provinces.
Six rr ive commissioners, headed by
Senor Ramon Avancena. a lawyer, ar
rived to-day from Iloilo by the United
States transport St. Pp- 1 They have
come to consult with Aguinaldo. A
number of native soldiers who had been
transported were landed on January 25
on the island of Panay. about twenty
five miles north of Iloilo.
CUBANS HONOR THE
MEMCRY OF MA.iTI
An Interesting Street Parade and
Speecnes at the Unveiling of
a Tablet.
HAVANA, Jan. 29.— Four thousand peo
ple — men in their best clothing and women
gaily dressed— stood amid a pouring rain
in Paula square to-day listening to six
intensely, patriotic eulogies upon Jose
Marti, the Cuban patriot and first Presi
dent of the Cuban revolutionary govern
ment. A tablet to his memory was un
veiled at the house where he was born
in a street near by. and eighty-two so
cieties, consisting of 2500 persons, with
banners, flags and five bands, marched
the°sr prlncfpal thoroughfares to
The procession, whose distinguishing
feature was 500 girls wearing white
dresses and red liberty caps, started at 1
p clock reaching the square two hours
wiVh" rT.Ho stree s ere &ayly decorated
7i lth , Cu ban and American flags, and
though the interest ran high there was no
disorder of any Kind.
Marti's widow, mother and son led the
parade, wan the first Cuban flag used by
the patriot, which was loudly cheered
Ihe eulogies contained few references
to the nited States or the military ad
ministration, and the only vituperative
references to the Spaniards .vere quietly
received. *
The tendency of all the speeches was
toward the -■ Tnate independence of
Cuba, which the orators reo ■■--ized as a
fart not yet acomplished. They declared
that all Cubans should unite to reach
that great end, to make their desires
known to the world and to claim inde
pendence as a right when the proper time
arrived. v-~ A * " me
Tv, Sen r r H G ° nZa L eS ,V orP , nt su XX e sted that
the Cubans should take steps to pre
serve the house itself In Marti's memory
and should Rive financial assistance to
those he had left behind. He called upon
the Cubans to go to work.
Juan Gomez, a mulatto with a consider
able reputation as an orator, made the
best speech of the day. He counseled
firmness and determination as means to
obtain t'.e coveted independence
"The power which has intervened be
tween the old regime and the one we are
striving for," he said, "is unfamiliar with
the ways and habits of our race, and nat
urally it will sometimes blunder in its
efforts to fulfill its obligations to Cuba
The Cubans must realize this and keep it
in mind. They must calmly indicate a
mistake when it is made and have faith
that the error will be corrected."
Death of Timothy Day.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. Timothy Day,
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
an old and respected citizen of this com
munity, after an illness of about two
weeks, died to-day of pneumonia. De
ceased leaves two sons and one daughter.
The funeral will occur next Tuesday at
his late residence, and the -nterment v ill
be at Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Died in the Ice.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 29.-A pair of
human legs sticking up through the ice
in one of the slips in the harbor attracted
the attention of the men on the steamer
Walter L. Frost this morning. The oody
when chopped out was found to be tfiat of
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
TO BE MADE A CARDINAL
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— A Tribune special from St.
Paul, Minn., says: It seems as though the periodical state
ment that Archbishop Ireland is to be made a Cardinal,
which is made again to-day, has in this instance substantial
foundation. Current opinion among the best-informed
Catholics is that the Archbishop's elevation is entirely
probable. The Pope, it is said, will name next month
several Cardinals to fill some of the thirteen vacancies in
the sacred college. Tliat one will be the Minnesota prel
ate is more than surmised. It is virtually admitted by the
Northwestern Chronicle, the Archbishop's personal organ.
William Dormer, a deckhand on the
Frost. He had evidently fallen headfore
most from the gang-plank of the boat
and gone half way through the ice, and
been held in that perilous position until
dead.
Six Prisoners Escape.
CANTON. Ohio, Jan. 29.— Six prisoners
escaped from the County Jail this morn
ing. They were James Sullivan, charged
with highway robbery; W. H. Cummings,
Ralph Carnahan, Charles Reed, Frank
Sailor and James Campbell, charged with
burglary and larceny. Campbell was a
trusty and Saturday night he pretended
to lock the cell doors. Instead he turned
the keys with the bolts outside the
grooves, allowing the men to escape to
th% corridor. The bars of the rear win
dow were sawed and the prisoners es
caped.
BAY PIRATE CAPTURED.
Caught While Stealing Copper at the
Mare Island Yard.
VALLEJO. Jan. 2f». — John Helm of San
Francisco was locked up here to-day on
a charge of grand larceny. He was caught
>
COLON UNDER A
MILITARY GUARD
It Is Feared That Strikers Will
Attempt to Fire the
City,
COLON, Colombia, Jar). 29.— The striße
conditions do not improve. A special train
from Panama brought reinforcements last
night, and to-day the whole city bas been
under military guard. Nevertheless an
uneasy feeling prevails everywhere, for,
though quiet has been restored, fears are
entertained on all sides that the striding
docKmen and railway employes are only
awaiting an opportunity to fire tr;e city.
TJ)is morning a proclamation was issued
forbidding tf)e assembling together in pub
lic places of more than three persons un
der pain of imprisonment.
THE MASKERS.
stealing copper on Mare Island by a
marine guard at l.:30 o'clock this morn
ing. His confederate, who was in a boat
was frightened away by a sentry Helm
is a bay pirate. He admitted his guilt to
the captain of the yard, and confessed
that he had stolen from the yard before
He Implicated others, who will be ar
rested. The prisoner was taken to San
Francisco to-night by Deputy Sheriff
?- c V y A O H I wll A P robably be tried in the
Lnited States Court.
NEW LIIiHT ON THE
POISONING MYSTERY
George W. Koutnik Tells of a Man
Who Asked to Take a Package
to Cornish.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— Interest in the
Adams poisoning cases centered at police
headquarters to-day. A story was cur
rent that Georgo W. Koutnik, a young
man living in Hoboken, N. J., had fur
nished one of the missing clews to the
police. He said to the police that on the
evening of December 23 he had met a man
at Madison avenue and Fortieth street,
who asked him to deliver a package ad
dressed to Harry Cornish at the Knicker
bocker Athletic Club. This he refused to
do, he said, but agreed to mail the pack
age at the General Postoffiee, which he
did. According to his story the man from
whom he received the package answered
the description of one of the men promi
nently mentioned in the poisoning case.
This afternoon Koutnik was taken before
Chief Devery and Captain McCluskey,
District Attorney Gardiner and others at
police headquarters, and after the confer
ence Chief McCluskoy said that Koutnik
had practically repeated the story to the
officials as he had originally told it.
Koutnik was thereupon detained as a wit
ness In the case. George W. Koutnik has,
however, been before the public eye sev
eral times before.
BOYS PLAY WITH
A LOADED SHOTGUN
Son of a Yolo Rancher the Victim
of a Shocking Accident Near
Clarksburg.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29.— At the home
of John Garter, near Clarksburg, hia
youngest son, age" about J2 years, and the
boy's older brother, about 15, did a shot
gun trick to-day whioh resulted in the for
mer's death. They had for some time past
put unloaded cartridge shells in the gun,
dropped a marble in the muzzle, and the
older boy would explode the primer. Inis
had justenough strength to send the mar
ble a few feet, and the younger boy
would catch it in its flight. They were to
have performed the trick to-day, but the
cartridge in the gun. which they sup
posed to be empty, proved to be loaded.
When the gun was discharged the load of
powder and shot took effect in the young
er boy's head, shattering it in a horrid
manner. Death was almost instantan
eous.
A Knife-Wielder Slain.
ARDMORE, I. T.. Jan. 29.— 1n a quar
rel over a trivial matter John Edwards
shot and killed Richard McSwain. Mc-
Swain had attempted to stab Edwards.
Both men are prominent, and considerable
fueling has been aroused by the affair.
Edwards has not been arrested.
Dies Laden With Years.
KESWICK. Jan. 29.— Mrs. Christian Bell
died at Shasta this morning at the age of
87. She was well known from early pio
neer days. She was the mother of Judge
Aaron Bell of Redding:.
DAN BURNS URGES
WRIGHT TO RESIGN
Man From Mexico Has Troubles of
His Own Without Sharing the
Disgraced Speaker's.
MIDNIGHT CONFERENCE
The Oft- Purchased Legislator
Withholds His Decision, but
Is Likely to Follow This
Course.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— Howard E. Wright
returned to this city to-night. He went
to Winters yesterday afternoon, where
his wife is temporarily sojourning. At
Winters he was V guest of Hart
North, ex-Assemblyman, who served in
the Legislature two years ago.
When Wright boarded the train at
Davisville this evening to return to
Sacramento he had not made up his
mind to resign the Speakership of the
Assembly. Shortly alter his arrival
here he was summoned to the presence
of Colonel Burns, and quite a pro
longed conference followed.
WheiV the conference began Wright
was In no frame of mind to listen to
the suggestion that it was in his power
to render the "organization" a service
by resigning. Under the pressure of
argument he was persuaded to view the
situation in the u^ly light of facts.
The result of the interview was not an
nounced for publication. Various ver
sions are afloat concerning the talk
between the Speaker and the Colonel.
Judge Dibble, who was consulted re
garding the peculiar situation, posi
tively declined to s- a word concern
ing the course which Burns has decid
ed to pursue. " The fact Is Burns told
Wright that he could not afford to sus
tain him.
"I have all I can do," caid the Col
onel, "to take cafe of my own fluht,
and at the present time cannot take
your flght on my hands. I cannot af
ford to be denounced from ?very pulpit
in the State and c idemned by the peo
ple for upholding everything and every
body."
Wright left the Golden Eaerle Hotel
immediately after the interview. He
went to his room to get a night's rest.
Actions which sometimes speak louder j
than words indicated that he was fully !
conscious of the fact that he could not |
expect sympathy and support from the i
Burns following in the Legislature, j ,
Wright may decide before morning to ,
tender his resignation, but before the :
decision is finally announced he will
confer with many of his former friends j
to ascertain to a certainty what course '
they intend to adopt. In his mind there
is a lingering hope that sympathy for !
a young man may save him from the 1
disgrace incident to deposition from the j
Speaker's chair.
Before the interview with Burns took I
place Wright was met at the depot by ]
several of his close friends. Their ; 1
friendship of the past had been so close |
and intimate that they deemed it their j
duty to advise Wright as to his future
course. They went over the "round '
with the Speaker and advised him to ; !
write a letter to the Assembly, tender- 1 1
ing his resignation and d?mandine that I
it be accepted. It was suggested that
Wright, in this letter, should present
his own views to the Assembly and to
say in conclusion that he resigned be
cause he could not conscientiously re
DEFENDS THE MEN * |
OF FACILE PENCIL \
Judge Carpenter Declares the Cartoonists •
Have Been of Great Service to Him.
CALL HEAD- "Why," said j
QUARTERS. iljak * he J^ge this .
Sacramento, /dGsßp^™*f&SB& evening in the \
January 29.- £& SF. . TRS&; Golden Eagle Ho- 5
Judge Richard M ■^''"AiW tel, "It is all fol-
Baxter Carpen- I|BBA^^«Bf ly ' this a" 11 -^ 1 "- *
ter. formerly a * W toon law. It was J
State Senator proposed by a <
representing the $» A Vjj^Sfe young man in the <
district now rep- *? AflußjHfsL Assembly who j
resented by Sen- &| BP Wt has nad no ex " >
ator Simpson of Jg !§&' f5 SfcllW^^w^ perience with car- J
LosAngeles.stat- ml v£*J&? B toonlH ts. Why, <
ed to-day that it m^^^^M^^^^^^^^^S^^ ' the cartoonist has i
was the duty of BmSBHMH|MHHwiIiMi •'■ : drawn me in cv- '
the Legislature cry shape. One ,
to aid, abet and |&^ day R man sto P"
foster the car- |g| ped mo on the j
toonlst instead of IJSSI! Oakland boat <
proscribing him T^TB and he sald t0 S
by statute and * mifti JfgvVtt Sob tf^^3BrWifißl "* me> <T have n f v " S
placing him un- fore.but you look <
der the ban. like General But- !
Judge Carpen- * er f Massachu- "" i
ter. and he has S[ tts> l c^nsid- f
ence, says the why he nad (
cartoonist has aid- gg rived at that con-
ed him arreatly. W^^ elusion. He said !
and has at no j^P^SP^m^^ JUO6E he had made up ,
time drawn any BaJßif B ¥ CARPtfiTEB his ml ( l from '
picture of v him . pSSp Oj | LOVE.S THt what he saw in
which wasa mi - 'Klf I ■■ CARTOor\JiT the shape of car- '
representation as K^f mmL ' toon pictures in
to his "well- the newspapers. <
known personal Si That man has j
beauty." even W~ K| X S^fcfc^ been my friend '
though .through '«^ BP^T^^i ever since. <
a misunderstand- " No this /Tall <
ing his attitude cartoon bill is all <
toward men and w nonsense. ■-; I hope ,
measures may have been- placed im- it will b© defeated, for it certafnly '
properly in ' a picture. . ' should be. «
♦•JJ^SS^gS^siVsS'^S^SS^ ?«♦ 88^-83^88-^BB ;-»-SB^BB^BB^BB^iBB^BB -^ 88 -^88 -^ 88^88^38^1
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
tain the position of Speaker as lone ft«
any member of the Assembly consid
ered him guilty of wrongdoing.
When the conference wherein Dibble.
Burns and Wright participated took
place the Speaker was advised that he
could promote harmony and hasten the
termination of the Senatorial struggle
by resigning the Speakership and tak
ing his place on the floor of the As
sembly. Burns spoke freely on the sub
ject, remarking that he had always
stood by his friends, and therefore ad
vised Wright as a friend that the wisest
course to pursue was to tender his res
ignation. He insisted that resistance
would provoke a long and bitter con
test, which would delay legislation and
intensify the existing bitterness, and
In the end Wright would gain nothing
by provoking antagonism. Wright lis
tened, but was not convinced. He asked
more time to consider the proposition,
indicating at the close of the conference
that he would make known his decision
to-morrow morning.
To-night the closest friends of
"Wright believe that he will accept the
advice given him by Burns. The few
inquiries he has made since the ad
journment of the Legislature yester
day have convinced him that several
prominent members on whose support
he counted will vote for the adoption of
the report.
WILL CALL UP PAST
SENATORIAL ELECTIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 29.— Sensational features
may mark the debate in the Assembly on
the report of the Wright Investigation
committee.
It is said to-day that one of the lead
ing Republicans in the Legislature and an
active supporter of 1 an Burns is prepar
ing a speech in which he proposes to re
view the Senatorial campaigns in Cali
fornia since 1880. He may not go back to
the Casserly election, when the merchants
of San Francisco contributed more than
$100,000 for disbursement in the Legisla
ture, but he will begin with a review of
the campaign which terminated in the
election of General Miller to the Senate.
Testimony cannot be prouueed to show
the amount disbursed In aid of Senator
Miller's cause, but common report will be
cited to prove that candidates for the
Legislature on the Republican ticket were
materially assisted.
Special reference will be made to the
Hearst campagn, and the lavish use of
that millionaire's coin to debauch a Dem
ocratic Legislature. It will be shown
that Green's disbursements of money to
promote Grant's chances were but little
sprinkles compared with the outpouring
of coin then to assist impecunious Demo
crats. Then, the ugly fact will be pre
sented that the Hearst chattels were of
the Wright ilk. and would not stay bought
after they were purchased the first time,
but compelled the millionaire miner to
put up the second time to obtain their
loyal support. •
The history to be reviewed in the speech
will be carried down to the celebrated
Markham campaign and the deluge of
money to promote the re-election or ben2
GRANT WILL FIGHT
BURNS TO THE END
Will Only Withdraw When His
Support Will Elect Some=
body Besides the
Mexican,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29.— When
Ulysses S. Grant becomes convinced, and his friends likewise, that he
is an absolute impossibility in the Senatorial fight, he will retire.
But to this retirement of Grant as a factor in the contest there is
one condition attached. Mr. Grant, and his followers, likewise, must
be convinced that his retirement will insure the election of some citizen
of the State other than Daniel M. Burns.
•As to who this man is. the Grant men are not at this time ready to
make any statement. All they .will ask is that the man to receive their
support, or the greater portion of it, shall be an honorable, a clean and an
able man.
But the Grant men will not leave their favorite as lonp as there is
the remotest possibility of the election of Burns. They will stand solid
until the end of the session if it is necessary.
This information comes direct from one of Mr. Grant's closest
friends.
ator Stanford. The purpose of bringing
out pas! scandals is to show to Assembly
men that the money spending features of
this campaign were trivial in comparison
with former transactions in the domain of
practical politics.
Reflection may restrain the author of
peech from expressing his sentiments
on the floor of the Assembly. He compre
hends clearly that an utterance of the
character outlined would be construed as
istfncatlon of Gram's conduct in
throwing' out money to assist in the elec
tion of the Republican legislative ticket.
The colonel has defined a course which
his followers are to pursue, but his chief
ppokesman In the Assembly declined tins
afternoon to indicate the lines of that
course. Considerable censure has already
fallen on Colonel Burns for forcing
"Wright to show his hand. It is argued
that the commonest kind of gratitude will
impel Burr.? to care for and shield his dis
graced Speaker. Quick to catch the hint
of Burns' dlUmma. the Grant and Btilla
men hold out no helping hand to save
Wright.
■ nel Burns did expect a substantial
advantage as the result of the Wright
scandaJ. Others thought at first that the
colonel would profit by the • xposure, but
this view of the probable result has un
dergone a marked change. Now it ap
thal Burns will lose rather than
gain strength by reason of the scandal.
■Wright was expected to lie a fine show of
attraction to lure others to the Burns
The twisting screws were placed on
f raker In order that others of "high
standing" might emulate the example of
I ° young man from Berkeley. To the
surprise of the touts Wright turned out
to be a dead weight. Burns Is now toreed
to face about in order to protect his
• il captive.
The Grant men simply say: v right
belongs to Burns. Let Burns take care of
him' In order to save Wright the fol
lowers of the colonel may be forced to
asrainst the adoption of the inves
tigating committee's r<
.c L. Johnson has not prepared a
speech for to-morrow's discussion, but
wlrl and excitement of the struggle
carry him in.
THE STATE WILL HAVE
TO PAY THE DAMAGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 29.— The delegation of the
Assembly Committee on Claims returner!
jt went to inspect the -damage done to
to-day from its trip to Dutch Flat, where
certain buildings by the boy, Wedgewodd,
who. while demented, destroyed by fire
the homes nf some of the inhabitants, for
which the people have asked reimburse
ment from the State, claiming that the
hoy was released from the Xnpa Asylum
without the necessary legal formalities.
The delegation found that the claims are
Jast, and such will be the ; substance of
the report,- of the committee to the As
sembly. ___^_^_____
CONVENTION OF THE
PACIFIC TURNBEZIRK
Max Magnus Elected President and
San Francisco Given the Next
Gathering.
PArRAMENTO, Jan. 29.— The twenty
eighth annual convention of the Pacific
Turnbezirk, consisting of the San Fran
cisco. Oakland, Sacramento, Vorwaerts,
San Jose. Eintracht. Stockton. Mission,
Kapa. Santa t'niz and Marysville turn
vereins. met here to-day. George SieM,
speaker of tho Vovort. presided. The
following delegates wore declared entitled
to seats in the convention:
Pan Francisco ■ Turn Verein— D. AttinKT,
Robert B. Barth. L. Marcus, W. Plagemann,
John Slmmen, \v. r. Schroeder, G. A. Trost.
Vorwaerls— Al Mulier, Dr. Max Magnus.
■ Elntracht-H. C. F. Stahl, William Schep
pler. .
Mission Turn ' Ven»in— C. W'ledomann, W.
Bock. G A. Ruby. F.r\ Boemer.
• Pa<-ram*nto— G. F. Dousing. Ferd Fischer,
F Grunther. G. Faig. CharlPs Bcbml4t. .
" Pan Jose— H. W. Otter. Louis Henning, H.
Mpnn • ,
Marysville— M. Schwab, Andrew F. Meyer.
ivton — Jack Simon, Fritz Lambert,
Charles Lf-ip-lt.
<">akland— Paul l.'th, Philip Conradi, Thomas
(Jler.
v,-.vort— George Siess. P*nick Mullcr. A.I
Bochen.
The following permanent officers were
elected: Max Magnus, president; P. Con
radl, vice-president; C. Wiedemann, first
tary; l';ui! I'th. second secretary.
The reports of officers show tho follow
ing membership: San Franclaco, '.A.; Oak
land. 124; Sacramento. 112; Vorwarrts, 72;
120; Eintracht, 100; Stockton, 68;
Mission. 12o; Kapa, IS; Sfltita Cruz, 36;
Maryavllle, :>4. Total. Ll2B.
olutlona were adopted protesting
against a Sunday law and against ex
empting; churches from taxation; declar
ing that ih. Vovort of the Ttirnbezirk
shall remain in San Francisco the coming
year; thnt the next convention be held in
Sun Franc! •. £
The convention concluded with a ban
quet to-night.
WINTER QUARTERS
OF NORTHERN CRaFT
Points at Which the Close of Navi-
gation Found Alaskan
Vessels.
SEATTLE. Jan. 2&— A special to the
PoFt-Intelligencer contains the first news
that has been received from tho Kayu
kuk river, Alaska, since the closing of
navigation last fall. There are about
thirty sternwheelers on the Kayukuk
River, mostly prospect boats. The La
velle Young, Captain Robert Young,
owned by the pilots of Portland, is in
Winter quarters at Peavy, the North
American Transportation and Trading
Company's headquarters. The James
Derrick. Captain Kennedy, is in winter
quarters at Peavy. The Wilbur Crlm
mins, Captain A. L. Ritchie, is in winter
quarters a few miles above Peavy. Peavy
is situated in latitude 67:10 north, longi
tude 150:80 west. These are the only
steamers on the middle fork and are
•about 100 miles up the Kayukuk. from the
old site of Arctic City.
On the Bouth fork of the Kayukuk
River i? the steamer Alaska, Union. Cap
tain? J. L. Crowell, owned by a Chicago
.company, the steamer Katie Henrich and
the steamer Messenger, owned by Sioux
City people.
At Bergman, where the Alaska Com
mercial Company has a store. 100 .miles
beiow Peavy. there ;ire twelve steamers
• wintering. There arc eight steamers on
the Allen Rocket River in winter quar
ters and four on the Klokochatna River.
Some of the steamers below Peavy may
bf lost in the ice. as they did not reach
safe places for the break-up in the
spring.
John G. Tait of Chicago was drowned
011 September 27. ISPS, eight miles north of
P.eavy by the capsizing of his canoe. The
body floated under the ice and was not
recovered. Mr. Talt was general man
ager i>f the Alaska Union Company of
Chicago. He carried a life Insurance of
$100,000 and was a larg*- dealer in building
stone at Joliet and Chicago.
Faints on a Bicycle.
ROSS STATION. Jan. 29.— Mrs. O. H.
Schneider, a prominent resident of Mill
Valley, met with a serious accident this
afternoon while riding on a bicycle near
Larkspur. She was attacked by a fainting
spell and fell from her wheel, receiving
internal injuries. She was unconscious
for over two hours. Dr. Spottiswood of
Mill Valley was summoned and after a
hard struggle he brought the woman
back to consciousness.
Record Trip From Skaguay.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29.— The steamship
City of Seattle arrived to-night from
Skaguay, Alaska, after having estab
lished a record trip. She was seventy
hours from Skaguay. The round trip
was made in six hours less than seven
days. She had ten passengers from the
interior of Alaska.
Aged Man Commits Suicide.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 29.— Edward F.
Purdy. 74 years of age, committed suicide
by Mowing off the top of his head with
a shotgun to-day. Me was well known in
this vicinity, having been one of the early
settlers.
Attorney Mahoney's Son Injured.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 2.. Young John
Mahoney, the son of Attorney Mahoney
of Larkspur, had hts right leg fractured
to-day while riding a wheel by colliding
with a pedestrian on Fourth street. A
physician was summoned and the bones
set, after which the boy was taken home.
WHY MODERN NOVELISTS ARE
DRAMATISTS.
It has been noticed with some surprise
of late that all the most successful
dramatists of the day are novelists first
of all. and that the dramatists pure and
simple have had to take the second place.
Not many years ago it -was accepted as
an axiom that the arts of the novelist
and of the- dramatist were utterly dis
tinct, and that in the unlikely event of a
novel being: suited for the stage the aid
of a skilled dramatist was necessary.
But now we see the novelists adapting
their own work for the theater, and, what
is more, doing it most successfully. The
fact is. however, that the novel has ut
terly changed of recent years and is no
longer a drawn-out history of a family or
of a man such as "Tom Jones." "Quentin
Durward." "Martin Chuzzlewit" or "Van
ity Fair." None of these works could pos
sibly be put on the stage in their entirety
but 'the modern novel is far removed from
them. The three-volume novel has en
tirely disappeared from amorig us, and
the one-volume novel has taken Its place,
with the result that instead of being spun
out over a number of years from the
hero's birth to his marriage, as used to
be the 'fashion, the latter-day novel deals
with one incident only, and deals with
that much in the same -way as the play
wright builds his piece for the stage. The
novel has ceased to be epic and has be
come dramatic, and consequently needs
but little alteration to make an acceptable
play. The theater remains where it did,
bin' the public taste in novels has altered,
greatly to tbe advantage of the novelist,
who is now able to reap a double harvest
from the reading public and from theater
goers.—London Globe.
A Romance in Boston.
It Is not often a real romance Is at
tached to the modern marriage, but there
can be such a remarkable combination,
for it has occurred, in all places of the
world. In this very town. Less than a
year ago a swell young bacheler, break
fasting at his club, began regarding his
morning: mail, which a servant consider
ately brought in with the first course.
Among various Invitations was one for a
dinner party in a fashionable suburb, but
the hostess's name was utterly unknown
to the recipient? Who could this lady be?
Had he ever seen her? No, he thought
not; yet the note was en regie, and the
address was all right, so fearing to make
a blunder, the young gentleman said it
was hotter to accept than to offend some
one whom he had probably met in his
various wanderings, and he would go.
The night of the dinner he therefore pre
sented' himself at the house designated,
but only to ftnd his hosts were utter
strangers, and they equally surprised to
B< c a gentleman who had not been in
vited. A few explanations followed to
the mutual amusement of guest and host
for 11 seems the note of acceptance had
puzzled the latter quite as much as the in
vitation had the guest. But, as It pleas
antly turned out. both were soon in pos
session of those clews to common
acquaintances by which the elect of Bos
ton society hang together, and the
"wrong" guest was cordially given the
prettiest girl in the party, and who hap
pened to be the hostess's niece, to take
out to dinner. The acquaintance thus
begun in an anti-Bostonese fashion was
continued through the summer, and when
a few weeks ago a charming wedding took
place with this young man and young
lady for chief actors, the conventional
and unwritten Brahminical rules of Bos
ton society received a shock that did
them a heap of good. Fate sometimes
resorts yi devious ways to bring true
hearts together, and in spite of it being a
■elfish, practical ago, romance still flour
ishes In It.— Boston Herald.
He Saw the Point.
The following story is told of a Phila
delphia millionaire who has been dead
some years. A young man came to him
one day and asked pecuniary aid to start
him in business.
"Do you drink?" asked the millionaire.
"Once in a while."
"Stop it! Stop it for a year, and then
come and sec me." The young man broke
off the habit at once, and at the end of
the year came to see the millionaire
again.
"Do you smoke?" asked the successful
man.
"Now and then."
"Stop it! Stop It for a year and then
come and see me again. "
The young man went home and broke
away from this habit. It took him some
time, but finally he worried through the
year, and presented himself again.
"Do you chew?" asked the philanthro
pist.
"Yes, I do," was the desperate reply. ■
"Stop it! Stop it for a year; then come
and see me again." The young man
stopped chewing, but he never went back
again. When asked by his anxious friends
why he never called on the millionaire
again he replied that he knew exactly
what the man was driving at. "He'd have
told me that now that I have stopped
drinking and smoking and chewing I must
have saved enough to start mvseli in
business. And I have."— Youth's Com
panion.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
THINKS SCOTT
IS THE MAN FOR
THE EMERGENCY
Why Davis Gives Him
His Support.
CALIFORNIA'S OPPORTUNITY
FUTURE OF THE GOLDEN STATE
HANGS IN THE BALANCE. .
Will Be the Greatest Beneficiary of
the War if She Selects a Compe
tant Man to Guard Her
Interests.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 29.— Senator John F. Davia
of Amador County, together with Assem
blyman Dunlap of San Joaquin, have
been, since the balloting commenced on
the Senatorship, supporters of the candi
dacy of Irving M. Scott. Senator J>;ivis
States that he will stand by Mr. Scott to
the end. This being the cusp, his rea
sons for continuing to support *>lr. Scott
art of interest.
"Is it true that you never met Irving M.
Scott till he came to Sacramento lately?"
a Call representative asked Senator Davis
this evening.
"That Is the fact," replied Senator
Davis, "except that eight years ago I
heard Mr. Scott reply to a toast at a
banquet given by the Oakland Alliance
Club, when, after the election of Governor
Markham, the Los Angeles delegation re
turned the flag to Alameda County as tae
banner Republican county of the State."
'"Why have you given Mr. Scott your
support?"
"Because I thin* Irving M. Scott is the
man for the crisis."
"Do you object to specifying in what
respect?"
"No, I do not. I feel that the war with
Spain, though begun merely for the
amelioration of humanity, has left us a
legacy of the most momentous problems
that have ever confronted the republic.
Great commercial readjustments have Ir
resistibly come upon us. and California
Is destined, if proper advantage is taken
of her opportunity, to be of all the States
the chief beneficiary of the war. Let uu
look at this matter not as partisans, but
as Californians. California has now the
opportunity for which she has been wait
ing for a Quarter of a century. The
war has already given us the Hawaiian
Islands, has settled the point that the
Pacific railroad debt must be paid, every
dollar, principal and interest, and that
th<^ Nicaragua canal is as certain to be
built as the programme of the MeKinley
administration can make It. Vast groups
of Islands, whether as colonies, protector
ates, territories or otherwise, are to form
stepping-stones to greater Oriental trade.
The construction or the Nicaragua canal
will revolutionize the conditions of trade
on this coast. The inevitable result will
be to force the clutch of monopoly from
off the throat of our merchant marine.
San Francisco and San Pedro harbors are
destined to become hives of activity, and
in fhe resultant creations of new indus
tries and the development of old ones on
this coast the commercial stagnation of
the last twenty years will have gone for
ever. The questions of the immediate fu
ture for California are, in short, essen
tially those incident to commercial ag
grandizement."
"You feel. then, that a man connected
with commercial industries, rather than
8 politician or a lawyer, should be
chosen?"
"Well, the Legislature should bar no
one on account of his profession or busi
ness, provided he is alive to the situa
tion. I cannot help feeling, however, that
Irving M. Scott would, under the exist
ing circumstances, be just the man for
the State. Here Is a man who is a World
beater. He has climbed from the foot of
the ladder. By his own unaided genius,
by the power of his own brain and skill,
against almost inconceivable odds, he has
risen from being a draughtsman in a
small foundry till to-day lie Is the em
*KiD" Wor.k;> OF OAiSDitCiO
; j , INTRpOVKtV A e>!l L. TO :
PROTECT, GROyLV, FACE Ars6 DENTALLY
Hit) OWN Lars o . .
ployer of nearly 3000 men and is the head
of one of the most successful shipbuilding
firms in the world. He has been most
prominently identified with our commer
cial industries and with every movement
for good government. If sent to the
United States Senate, his standing in the
community is such that he could not af
ford to be any less successful than he
has been in private life. California, if
properly represented at this time, IS' des
tined to play as important a part 111
shaping ttte result as she did in shaping
the course of the war. I know of no one
in California at this time who would by
his ability, by his genins, by hts record as
a man of achievement, by his standing at
home and Abroad, bring with him on to
the floor' of the tnited States Bfedate
great.er prestige for California or ac
complish more' for the Pacific Coast than
Irving M. Scott. That's why I'm for him.
and have been for him all through this
light."
RUMORS OF WESTERN
RAILROAD DEAL
Broker Talks of the Significance of
the Visit of Mrs. Stanford and
Crocker to New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— A morning paper
says: A broker in Wall street, who ia
identified with deals in leading Western
railway stocks, said at an up-town club
last night that he regarded the an
nouncement by Mrs. Jane Lathrop Stan
ford, widow of the late Senator Lt'land
Stanford, of her intention to visit this city
as highly significant.
"The lady has admitted," said he, "that
she ts coming on business connected with
the Central Pacific road, of which she
holds a large block of stock. It has been
reported for some time that the Vander
hilts are desirous of getting control of a
Western outlet— one that will connect the
systems which they control with the Pa
cific Coast."
The broker would say nothing definite,
bin he threw out hints about it big deal
in Western railroad shares, which he said
he thought would be closed before the
week was over. Only a few Hays ago one
of the Vanderbilts made a public denial of.
any intention on his part to capture- a
Pacific Coast road and continue the 2£ew
York Central system to San Francisco. It
is pretty well known, however, that W.
K. Vanderbilt has been a heavy buyer of
Central Pacific stock during the past two
weeks and has materially strengthened
his hold on the road.
Mrs. Stanford will probably arrive here
on Tuesday or Wednesday. She was pre
reriori by George Crocker, who is also in
terested in Pacific Coast railways. With
Mrs. Stanford and Crocker both here, it
may be assumed that "something will bo
doing" on the stock exchange in a few
days.
REMARKABLE TRIP
OF A PROSPECTOR
Though Almost Blind, He Travels
From, the Kayukuk Country to
the Sea.
SEATTLE. Jan. 29.— The first prospector
to arrive here from the Kayukuk mining
district of Alaska Plnce navigation closed
last fall is B. C. Nichols. His trip is a
most remarkable one, when it is consid
ered that Mr. Nichols is almost blind.
Mr. Nichols came down the Kayukuk to
the Yukon, which he ascended to Dawson
city. He walked a great portion of the
way behind his dog team.
J. Dietrich, a mining engineer of Ran
Francisco, who accompanied Nichols part
of the way, brings news that a relief
party had gone from Seventy-mile Camp
some time ago in search of a party of
six prospectors who were reported to
have had their feet and legs frozen while
crossing Porcupine liiver. The party had
not returned and there was some anxiety
concerning them.
At Fort Selkirk A. L. Breckenridge of
Portland, Or., had brought in G. T. Watts
of Oregon City, who was Fiiffering with
scurvy. Breckenridge reported three
other men sick with scurvy in their
cabins about Forty-mile. They were sadly
in need of assistance and would probably
die before spring If it was not tendered
them.
♦ , . 4 .
St. Louis' Coldest Night.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 29.— According to the
local weather bureau last night was the
coldest on record in this vicinity this win
ter. The thermometer fell to 3 below
zero and during the day ranged several
degrees higher.
Killed by a Gas Explosion.
MtJRCIA, Spain, Jan. 29.— Fourteen per
sons were killed to-day by an explosion
of gas in the Palia mine, near Mazajron,
twenty miles west of Cnrthagpna. The
other miners succeeded in making their
escape.
CLEVER RUSE OF
A COUNTERFEITER
Why Irwin's Sentence
Was Light.
HIS PRETENDED CONFESSION
SAN RAFAEL CITIZEN NAMED AS
ACCOMPLICE.
Henry C. Gieske a Leading Merchant
and Prominent Democratic Politi
cian, "Shadowed" by Secret
Service Agents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 29.— T0 say that
Henry C. Gieske, a leading merchant
and prominent Democratic politician of
this city, was dumfounded yesterday on
learning that for over a week he has
rested under the suspicion of being an
accomplice of Charles Irwin. the vet
eran counterfeiter, would be to nut the
matter mildly. Yet it is now known
that the aged criminal played the fox
and endeavored to get himself a light
sentence by promising to reveal the
name of an accomplice to one of his
numerous crimes, and finally made a
confession implicating no less impor
tant and respected a person than Gieske
himself.
In the early part of last autumn a
complete counterfeiter's outfit was dis
covered by the authorities hidden in a
culvert on the north side of San Rafael
hill, less than a mile from the center
of town. Secret Service Agent Brown
was apprised of the discovery and
speedily arrived at the conclusion that
the apparatus belonged to Charles Ir
win, who had served several terms in
San Quentin prison for "shoving the
queer." This happy discovery ex
plained where the spurious money .with
which Marin County was flooded «t
that time had been coming from, and
why the poolroom men at Sausalito
had their coffers full of the bogus coin.
-v short while ago Irwin was captured
at Napa and taken to San Francisco.
He confessed that he was responsible
for the counterfeit coin so largely cir
culated in Marln County, and was sent
to San Quentin for three years, It be
ing stated at the timp that the light
sentence was given on account of Irwin
being past 70 years of age. Further de
velopments, seem to warrant a belief
that there was another and more co
gent reason.
Last Monday a ' — nger visited
Gieske's store and had him change a
twenty-dollar piece. Later In the day
another stranger came in with non
chalant mien and also dropped a sim
ilar coin on the counter with a request
for change. Since Monday no less than
eight men, none of whom Gieske had
ever seen before, came into his store
and substituted gold coins for silver.
The merchant also soon became aware
of the discomforting fact that all his
movements after twilight were being
shadowed.
For several days the town has seen
more or less of Secret Service Agent
Brown, but no significance was at
tached to this, as nothing was confided
to the local authorities. Yesterday
Gieske was interviewed, and told point
blank that Irwin had made a confession
implicating the merchant as an accom
plice. His astonishment aud anger
knew no bounds.
"I never heard of such a thing as
HENRY C. GIESKE, a Leading San Rafael Merchant, Whom De
tectives Have Been "Shadowing."
From a Photo by Lorillard & Bratt, San Rafael.
this," he said to-day. "I never, to my
recollection, saw this Irwin. It is prob
able that he was working for a small
sentence and accused me in order to
get it.
"Many men come here for change,
and I always keep a large supply of it
on hand. For that reason I attach
no significance to strangers asking for
change. Come to think of it, no less
than tenmen I never saw before have
Seen in here for change since last Mon
day, and I have frequently, while on
the streets at night, thought somebody
was watching me. but the full foive of
the thing never struck me until I heard
yesterday what Irwin had told Brown."
Going to a private drawer, Gieske
brought forth a. small box filled with
coins of various denominations. Most
of them were plugged and one half
dollar was a counterfeit. A dollar was
placarded with the notice of a local
merchant that it woulfi be redeemed
for a larger sum in merchandise than
its face.
"I never try to pass a bad coin that
comes over the counter," said Gieske,
"but place them all in this box. They
are sold to a local jeweler. When I get
a light gold coin I take it to the sub
treasury office and have it redeemed.
I am sure nobody who knows me would
for an instant harbor the idea that I
would pass counterfeit money, but I
wish to be set right before the general
public."
Irwin's alleged confession receive? no
credence whatever in this community.
Mr. Gieske. aside from his prominence
as a merchant and politician, has never
had a blot on his escutcheon, and there
are none who are more widely and fav
orably known ■ throuehout Marin
County. • "- '
JACK AND TIM.
A Dog and a Parrot Kind of a Time.
Their Tricks.
My dog Jack sometimes expresses his
affection for me by tousling my skirt,
and I feign to be alarmed at ~him, and
cry "Oh, pease don't. Jack — pease
don't'!" in baby talk, says Mrs. Char
lotte Boner. One day when Tarrot 'iim
was sitting on a lady visitor's lap, Jack
playfully began to nip and bark at him.
With outstretched wings and feathers all
aruffle with real or affected fear, the bird
cried: "Oh, pease don't. Jack— p ease
This dog we were compelled to name
Jack because of Tim. We had owned a
dog of the same breed apd name that was
slain by our country road trolley, and
Tim was continually saddening us by cas
ing him. It was my custom, when the
dog was out in the park somewhere, to
go to the door and call: "Here, .^v.ck*"—
whistling— "Here, Jack!"' occasionally
laying to myself. "Where is Jack?" This
the parrot repeated over and over, time
and again, after the deAh of the dog:
"Here Jack!"— whistling— "Here, Jack!
Where is Jack?" And that dog used to
run to meet the postman and bring our
mail to the house in his mouth. When
ever I heard the whistle of the poKtmarr
I would call to the dog and tell him to
tret the letter. Tim soon had the com
mand pat— "Come, Jack! Go get the let
ter " So when after the death of our
dog we were fortunate to get another of
the same family and the new one also was
Ci Tim has "learned to Imitate tne post
man's whirring whistle so perfectly that
in summer time, when he hangs in the
front or the back porch, he often causes
neighbors to run to their doors expecting
the letter carrier. Last summer, to the
great worry of conductors, he learned
how to stop trolley cars that run near
our house. Mimicking the call of a cer
tain gentleman, whom he had heard hail
the car, he would cry. "Hey, there!—
hey'" and whistle shrillly. Several
times the conductor hurriedly signaled
the motorman, who frantically shut off
the current and put on the brakes. At
first they were quite nonplused at seeing
nobody, for they could not see Tim, be
cause of the vines on the porch, and
probably would not have suspected him
if they "had seen him, so human was the
call. In some way they learned of this
trick, and thereafter the conductor looked
about sharply before stopping at that
spot.— St. Nicholas Magazine.
PEOPLE OF TJTLE.
The Princess of Wales intends spending
the whole winter at Sandringham and
will receive only members of the royal
family and very intimate friends. The
Prince of Wales' birthday will not be
celebrated there with the usual festivities
this year.
The Duchess of York, following the ex
ample of her mother, the late Duchess of
Teck, who was an indefatigable working
member of 'needlework guilds, has not
only made two dozen articles with her
own hands for trie London needlework
guild, which is to hold an exhibition at
the Imperial Institute, but she will per
sonally arrange the contributions at her
stall at the institute. Both the Prince of
Wales and the Duke of York have sent
contributions, but these are, of course,
hot their own handiwork, though the
Duke of York, like the Bishop of Lon
don, rather prides himself on his prowess
with the needle.
King Christian, who has not quitted
Denmark for a single day during the last
fifteen months, will leave Copenhagen
very shortly for Germany, accompanied
by his brother, Prince Hans of Glueks
burg. The king is to visit hi 3 sister, the
Duchess of Anhalt-Bernburg, at Ballen
stedt, on the Harz Mountains, whence he
will proceed to Gmunden, where he will
be for several weeks the guest of the
Duke and Duchess of Cumberland at their
beautiful seat pn the Traun See. It is ex
pected that King Christian will pay a
visit to England in December ana may
very likely go afterward to Athens to
visit the King and Queen of the Hellenes.
The King i-s in fairly good health, but
his medical advlserß are anxious that he
should leave Denmark for some months
for change of Bcene and surroundings and
absolute rest.
The dovager princess Josephine Hohen
zollern-Sigmaringen entered upon her 86th
year last month. The daughter of the
Grand Duke Charles of Baden by his not
unhappy marriage with Stephanie Beau
harnals, the Empress Josephine's cousin
and Napoleon's adopted daughter, she
was born at Carlsruhe, October 21, 1813^
Twenty-one years later she became the
wue of rharlea Anton, the late prince of
Hohenzollern, and among her . children
art- the now reignir.g prince, the king of
RouhiiiTiia .arid the Comtesse de Fla.ndre.
She has six and an equal
number of great-grandchildren. Princesa
Josephine still retains all her mental
faculties and her bodily vigor is not seri
ously impaired. She is a charming old
lady and deeply beloved,, not only by all
the younger members of her large family
but by the whole population of Slgmarin
gen. wh«ro she quietly passes the evening
of her long life in the exercise of never
failing charity.
Why He Did Not Enlist.
Nothing is harder for the average
American citizen when he enters the
naval or military service than the sub
jection of his independent spirit to the
discipline and requirements of the ser
vice. The other day on board the re
ceiving ship Richmond at League Island
a big- six-footer rame swinging in and de
manded admission to the service. He
stated that he had come especially from
his home in Nebraska to enlist, and hi 9
joy was great when he passed the phy
sical examination. "Do you think I'll get
to Cuba, soon?" he asked the officer,
•'f'an't tell. You will have to wait and
see," was the answer. "My. but I can
hardly wait to pop a dozen or so of those
darned Spaniards," he continued.
Just as h<=- was about to be sworn in
a natty young officer came along and was
accosted by a marine, who touched his
cap respectfully to him. "What's that
for?" demanded the tall Nebraskan. "To
phnw respect." he was told. "Does every
body have to do that?' he continued.
"Certainly, ' r responded the officer. "WrM.
pard." said fin Xebfaskan. Jn a dejected
voice, as heralowly pulled on- hte coat and
started for. the door, "J'd exnected to en
list and j?et to fig-fit, hut I roulfl never do
that, so good-by." And off he went.—
Philadelphia Keoord.
South Carolina and Her Schools.
"Very few people know that the Com
monwealth of South Carolina payt= a
larger school tax in proportion to her
total wealth than any other State in the
Union." said William A. Barber, Attorney
General of that State, at the Riggs one
night. "But such is really the case. The
fact of the matter is that the State is
laying the greatest emphasis imaginable
on education, and her colleges are fast
mming to rank with the first of the coun
try. Last year I had the honor of deliv
ering the closing address at the Winthrop
Normal and Industrial College, an insti
tution in my State devoted to the instruc
tion of young women. There are 4W of
them in attendance there in all, and I waa
astonished upon investigation to note the
thorough and useful courses in the indus
trial arts that the institution is offering
its students. The young women of the
South are keeping step with their sisters
tn the North and West in progress, and
we cannot tell what achievements the
future has in store for them."—Washing
ton Star.
The She Villain.
In penny fiction you can tell them from
a distance by their hair of raven black
ness and by their dusky cheeks tinted
with vivid carmine. They look like beau
tiful demons and their speech bewrayeth
them, for. depend upon it, no really good
women habitually uses the expletive
"Bah!" Jealousy is the one characteristic
they have in common with the heroines.
They think nothing of making love to the
hero in the most brazen manner, and
when he coolly rejects their proffered af
fection this sort of thing happens: "Slow
ly she raised herself until she stood be
fore him in all her majestic beauty then
she hissed rather than spoke. 'You have
despised my love; henceforth you shall
know what my hatred means.' " In spite
of the march of intellect the spretae in
juria formae seems still to be a recognized
spring of conduct.— Blackwood's Maga
zine.
No Place for a Man to Live In.
■ I do not myself beUeve that our genera
tion will get much value out of the Nile
Valley. For in what does the Soudan con
t\ st? i& L SI as ll were a 9insle thread of
blue silk drawn across a great brown nue
get. and even the blue thread itself la
brown for many months in the year
Where the waters of the Nile soak into
the banks there grow thorn bushes and
poisonous, weeds.- Where the inhabitants
splash the water over their scrappy fielda
—perhaps 50 yards square— th^re are hard
woh crops. This belt of vegetation is
rarely more than a few hundred varda
broad. And the rest is desert-miserable
aching, desolate desert. There is plenty
of room to lie down and die in. But it is
no place for a man to live Lieut
Churchill in the North American Review
Among the Shades.
..Alexander— What's' the matter with
you. Caesar? You seem to be downcast.
I hope ft isn't your digestion. : --
>i£ a mi a r"i No i Vv just been thinking ol
the mistake I made in not establishing a
magazine before I sta rt d out to conquer
G u L J ust think what a nice slice I
might have got oufof it by writing up
the story of the campaign for serial pub
lication - be T i:o i^ bringing it out in book
form, as I did in my Commentaries' '-I
realize, too, that I might well have given
myself n i Od .* d al more credlt than . I
did, if I hadn't been so blameß modest
These modern warriors have caught on all
n/fnk k see f- + >, A 1i ck J. there. were lots 0"
things about the business that you and I
didn't know.— Cleveland. Leader. 1 "
Obstacles to Chinese Progress.
From the Chinese standpoint Tsl An fa
liberal and progressive, but she is so ig
norant and secluded that ft is difficult for
any foreign ideas to reach her. When she
sees something good she Wants ft, but she
has no conception of the condition of
< hina compared with that of other coun
j£™ V and v of cours e. cannot apply the
remedies that are needed. If she could
understand the needs of the people, if she
could realize fhe advantages of modern
ideas and improvements, she would
promptly adopt them. 6he does not lack
Intelligence, but knowledge, and has sur
rounded herself with advisers who have
never been outside of China and are even
more unenlightened as to modern affah-s.-
Amertcan Monthly Review of Reviews.
THE LOST CHORD.
"The minister's sermon on harmony
seemed to be Somewhat out of tune."
He forgot his notes."— Philadelphia
•Bulletin.MRS. MAYBRICK MAY
NOW BE RELEASED
Belief That the American Woman
Will Receive the Much-Sought
for Clemency.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Another determined attempt is to be made to
secure the release of Mrs. Florence Maybriek, an American woman who
has now been ten years in an English prison charged with murdering her
husband by poison. The fight to obtain the liberty of this woman has
been long unprecedented in the history of international communications
in respect to persons convicted of capital offenses. Now, after many
failures, Miss Helen Densmore, one of the chief workers in behalf of the
prisoner, has sent this letter to the Herald:
"It is the custom of the English Home Office to revise long sentences
in the case of female convicts at the end of seven, ten, fifteen and twen
ty years. The present year is the tenth since Mrs. Maybrick's conviction,
and the reply of the Home Secretary to Dr. Clark, M. P., Mr. Davitt,
M. P., and to Mr. Dalziel, M. P., at last summer's session of Parliament—
viz: that he. Sir Matthew White Ridley, was aware of the strong opinion
held in America and in England as to Mrs. Maybrick's sentence, also
that she has been adequately punished — has led to strong hopes that
the ten years revision period will result in the release of Mrs. Maybriek,
which would cause much satisfaction in England as well as in this coun
try."
"Friends of Mrs. Maybriek," Miss Densmore said, "are making an
other strong effort with the British Home Secretary for her release and
it is important the people of England should feel that America takes a
great interest in hor unhappy fate."
ANXIOUS ABOUT THE NAVAL PERSONNEL BILL
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: It is the understnding of members of the Senate Naval
Committee that the naval personnel bill will come up for considera
tion in the Senate during the present week.
Friends of the measure are confident of favorable action, but
they arc apprehensive that it will be loaded down with amendments which
may injuriously affect the service. It is generally understood that a number
of amendments will be introduced in the Senate, and an effort will be made
to have them attached to the bill. The department is anxious that the
measure should become law as it passed the House and without that pro
vision inserted by the Senate committee authorizing the appointment into
the service of volunteer officers who served during the war with Spain and
■who are under twenty-five years at date of appointment. As the Herald
has stated, there are 131 persons who would be eligible to such appoint
ment. It has been found, however, that if the President so chooses he can
make the provision prac ically useless. He is required to make such
appointments within two years from the date of the passage of th~ act.
There are very few recently discharged ifflcers not over twenty-five years,
and I was told to-day it would not be necessary for the President to
make more than thirty appointments, and th'>se in the lower grades.
LONG FRANKLY USES THE WORD "ALLIANCE."
L< »NDON, Jan. 29. — lit. Hon. Walter Hume Long, president of the Board
of Agriculture, addressing the Farmers' Club at Newcastle yesterday,
used the word "alliance" in referring to the future relations between
Great Britain and the United States. The frank employment of this term
by a member of the Government is likely to tvoke much discussion, not all
of which will be of the friendliest character, inasmuch as seeking an alli
ance to light England's battles is not regarded as the best policy to promote
an Anglo- American entente. i
Mr. Long had been discussing: the proposals to establish national
granaries, and said that "'after all and as a last resort. England's safety
depends upon having a strong navy to meet any possiV!» combinations
the nations coulc] bring against her." proceeded as follows: "I am glad of
cur improved relations with our American cousins, because I believe the
true meaning of that increased friendliness 's that the Americans have
realized our blood relationship and have firmly resolved that if Great Brit
ain is called to face difficulties she shall not face them alone, but in alli
ance with her wealthy and vastly populous sister country, the republic of
the United States. I am confident, seeing that the two countries are pur
suing the s.-ini.- policy and have the same ends in view, they must be friends,
firm and true to one another."
TRACK REPAIRERS RUN DOWN BY A LOCOMOTIVE.
ALTOONA, Pa., Jan. 29. — A eang of twenty-six track repairers were
working on th>» railroad at the western opening of the Gallitzen tunnel
at o o'clock this afternoon when they heard the approach of a loco
m"tive which was running west through the tunnel. The workmen all
stepped from the north track, on which west-bound trains move, to the
south track. The smoke in the tunnel prevented them from seeing the ap
proaching locomotive, which, in order to avoid obstructions on the north
track, was running on the south track. One man was instantly killed, one
.died in the Altoona Hospital and sixteen were more or less seriously in
jured. None escaped without Injury. The dead:
DAVID WILT, aged 40. instantly killed.
THOMAS W. HANKER, aged 25. died in hospital.
The more seriously injured are 11. C. Hull, gang foreman, ankl» broken:
George Smith, aged 23, left le^ broken; George Guyer, arm broken; Henry
Haskin, arm broken. Gallitzin is the home of all the men. The locomotive
that struck the men was running empty from Altoona to Conemaugh.
FEARFUL MURDER OF A WEALTHY WIDOW AT PANA.
PANA, 111., Jan. 29.— Mrs. Mary Mclntyre, a wealthy widew. 60 years of
age, was found murdered in her home to-day. The body had been
frightfully mutilated with an ax. Mrs. Mclntyre is supposed to have
kopt considerable money about her. She lived alone In a small house
fn the Flatham district, near the scene of several fights recently between
striking union miners and negroes working in the mines. It is supposed the
crime was committed two or three days ago. Neighbors became suspicious
t'-day, and the doors were broken open. Everything about the place showed
that a desperate struggle had occurred. Mrs. Mclntj-re's body was found
chopped almost to pieces and thrown under a bed. Everything of value had
been carried away. Mrs. Mclntyre is said to have sympathized with the
union miners in their struggle against negro labor. Her house has been
fired on a number of nes.
DERBY HAT MANUFACTURERS COMBINE.
D ANBURY, Conn., Jan. 29.— The manufacturers of the lower priced
derby hats have effected a combination to go into effect February 1.
The firms represent practically all the large manufacturers of this
class of poods. The combination was formed fur the purpose of reKui.ttin,;
Th- output, and all the gpods will be disposed of through a New York firm,
which will have the control, it is estimated of $2,000,000 worth of hats an
'U!'-- hually. There will be no combination of capital by the different firms.
FRESNO MERCHANTS
ARRESTED FOR ARSON;
In a Confession One * Accuses His
' . Brother of Having Started
a Recent Blaze.
V I FRESNO, . Jan. 29.— The Markarian
:' brothers are under arrest for arson in
/I the first degree, the minimum punishment
.'' for which Is two years' Imprisonment.
They are Armenians and proprietors of
'.'■ the furniture store in which a fire was
' . discovered last Wednesday night. After
•.' the lire department officials unearthed
where the fire was thickest an ingeniously
.'. constructed Infernal machine.
The arrests of the Markarians was made
on the confession of the older brother,
• F. S. Markarian, to Detective Crutcher
- and Insurance Adjuster B. Goodwin of
• ' .San Francisco and in the presence of
.. four auditor*. Markarian says his broth
er made the machine and placed It in
. the wareroora of the furniture store at
. 7 o'clock, set to operate five hours later
. The clock attachment to the machine was
• yet to sweep a bundle of matches at
. tached to a lever across a file and ignite
. a packing of excelsior. The confessor de
dared that claims amounting to $2000
, were falling due and he saw no way of
meeting them save to realize on the
• insurance money.
»
TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD.
Memory oi the Late Dr. Thoburn
Honored at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 29.-
Bervicea in memory of the late Dr. W. w.
Thoburn. who died at Palo Alto during
the holiday vacation, were held in the
. chapel this morning. Professor A. B.
Show led the services and Dr. Jordan, Dr.
Elliott, Dr. Murray. Professor Whlttier
and Mr. Joseph Hutchinson spoke con
cerning the life and character of the de
parted professor. The Influence that Dr.
Thoburn as spiritual adviser of the I'nl
veralty exercised over members of the
faculty and students alike and the good
that resulted from It were dwelt upon by
the speakers. His activity and tirclessness
were impressed upon the student mind
The services were extremely affecting
and the professors, in spite of their phil
osophy could not restrain their feelings.
The tribute paid by Dr. Jordan to his co
worker in bianomics was full of sadness
and tenderness and brought the students
to a better realization of the university's
loss.
FOURTH ATTEMPT TO
DESTHOY A SCHuOL
Persistent Incendiary Baffles the De
tective Force of Los
Angeles.
LO* AN-" TB. Jan. 20.-The fourth
fire of Incendiary origin at the Stimson
Lafayette Industrial School in this city ]
occurred to-night. It was starten In a i
shed in the rear of the main building and •
the flames were confined to the shea by '>
the ouick arrival of the tire engines. A
nanic seized the girl inmates of the
school, however, and there was a Hvelv
stampede for a time.
me police can finu no clew to the per
son who 1b so intent upon causing the ;
destruction of the Institution though it !
has been a year since the attempts to j
burn the building began. |
Death at Coronado Beach.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. I.— William Donald
son, a well known capitalist of Minneap
olis, died of heart failure at Coronado
Beach after a brief illness this morning
Deceased was 50 years of age. Accom
panied by his wife and daughters he had
been occupying a cottage at the Ueach
for several weeks.
The Philadelphia Has Not Sailed
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 20.— The Philadelphia
is still In the harbor and will not gel
away for Samoa before Tuesday. The
engineers from the Bast have not yet ar
rived.
f
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
MAY BECOME A RIVAL TO DAWSON CITY.
DISCOVERY, a New Town Established by Gold-Seekers on Pine Creek at
Its Junction With Lake Atlin.
From a Photo by Winter & Pard, Juneau.
FOES OF DREYFUS
ARE DELIGHTED
Weakness of the French
Government.
YIELDS TO PUBLIC CLAMOR
MEANING OF THE NEW REVIS
ION PROGRAMME.
Anti-Dreyfusite Majority Almost Cer
tain in the United Sections of
the Court of Cassa
tion.
1
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
PARIS, Jan. 29.— The government's ;
decision to submit to the Chamber of
Deputies to-morrow a 111 providing
tfcat the cases of trial revision shall be
brought before the united sections of
the Court of Cassation has reopened
the floodgates of the Dreyfus agita
tion. The situation appears more con
fusing and menacing than ever.
For days the anti-Dreyfusitee have
been clamoring to have the case re
ferred to the united sections, because
they have considered it certain that
among more than thirty judges they
could rely upon an anti-Dreyfusite ma
jority.
In to-day's Echo d Paris, M. Ques
nay Beaurepaire, who on January 9 re
signed the presidency of the civil sec
tion of the Court of Cassation as a
| protest against the way in which the
criminal section, under the presidency
of I. Loew was conducting the Drey
fusite proceedings, now justifies his ac
tion in a screaming screed and asserts
j that the ministers hold a decisive doeu
| ment, while M. Coppee and Jules Le
Maitre have signed a manifesto on be
half of the organization known as La
Patrie Francaise, claiming credit for
urging the government to take its pres
ent course and declaring that if the
.Dreyfus affair be once submitted to this
truly supreme tribunal it will receive
such a solutiun as will ensure the coun
try's repose.
Mr. Loew, president of the chamber.
who was asked his opinion regarding
the government's proposal, said:
"I am glad to be relieved of the re
i Bpoasibtlity, but the government's ac
tion is revolutionary."
The anti-revisionist papers are jubi
j lant, but the most serious and impartial
journals precate the government's
weakness. In all political centers to
day there has been irfTusual excitement
and activity. It is thought in some
quarters, that the Senate will refuse to
accept the bill, thus producing a con
stitutional crisis.
The disturbance at the Nouveau
Theater last Friday evening, when, at
the conclusion of t'-.e performance of
thj play, "The King of Home," the
Bonapartista in the house hoisted a tri
color flag, surmoun.od by an imperial
eagle, and shouted "Vive la Empereur."
was very significant of the attitude the
imperialists takv in the matter. From
stalls to gallery 1500 Bonaoartists
crowded the theater. Prince Murat and
all the titled and prominent represen
tatives of the party were present. Vari
ous pertinent allusions in the drama,
which is a glorification of the Napole
onic legend, were greeted with thun
ders of applause.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— M. De Blowitz.
the Paris correspondent of the Times.
commenting upon the "state of anarchy
and revolution" whU the govern
ment's yielding to outdoor pressure be
speaks, predicts that the bill will fail
to stand serious discussion, and says
that, like- all concessions to clamor, it
wll! satisfy nobody.
LOCKJAW AFTER VACCINATION.
Cleveland Lad Dies After Suffering
Terrible Agony.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Jan. 29.— An in
vestigation is being made into the cause
of the death of William Nagengast, aged
11. which occurred on Friday. The lad
was vaccinated at a free dispensary on
January 4. On Thursday he called to see
the physician. His arm was terribly
swollen. That night he was attacked by
symptoms of tetanus, or lockjaw, and
died the next morning In terrible agony.
Three physicians attended him at the
last, but could do nothing for him. jhe
doctor who vaccinated him said he used
pure lymph and applied antiseptic treat
ment, but when the boy came to see him
on Thursday his arm was very filthy.
WRECK OF A SCHOONER.
The Harry and Grace Reynolds Is
Ashore at St. Crbix.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— 0n the steamer
Madinia, which arrived to-day from the
West Indies, were Captain Mills and five
members of the crew of the schooner
Harry, and Grace Reynolds, which went
ashore at St. Croix , while on a voyage
from South Amboy, with a cargo ot coal
The schooner was off the port of St.
Croix awaiting a pilot : when she was
driven ashore by a strong set of the cur
rent and became a total loss. a small
portion of the cargo and the vessel's ef
fects were saved; The Hurry and Grace
Reynolds was built at New Haven, Conn.,
in IS9I. and hailed from Philadelphia. She
registered 2St> tons.
SUCCESS ASSURED
CLOVERDALE'S FAIR
Sonoma Orchards Laden With Fruit
From Which to Select
Exhibits.
CLOVERDALE, Jan. 2<>.— Never in the
history of Northern Sonoma has enthusi
asm run so high or prospects seemed so
bright for success as now when the time
for the seventh annual citrus fair ap
proaches. The orange groves in and
about this city of the hills are overbur
dened with the golden fruit, which Is
larger and better in coloring and flavor
than heretofore, and the growers are al
ready contesting in friendly but eager
rivalry to make this the moot successful
and artistic display of citrus fruits on
record.
The board of directors has visited the
surrounding groves and everywhere is
displayed an ardor and feeling of good
will, which augurs well for unqualified
success.
The seventh annual lair will open on
Friday, February 17. and will close on
Washington's birthday— Wednesday, Feb
ruary L'L\
New and unique attractions for enter
tainment of visitors will be a feature of
the fair. The doverdale band of sixteen
pieces, under the leadership of Professor
G. E. Bailhachi, will supply music during
the fair. Special excursions will run from
l.'kiah and way stations, and also from
iill points in Sonoma County. Special
rates will prevail from San Francisco,
thus insuring to every one an opportunity
to Bee this grandest of all displays in
glorious old Sonoma.
The directors at the fair are: William
Caldwell, president; George B. Baer, vice
president; H. Fred Domine, secretary; G.
Cameron. G. Hagmeyer and E. M. Shel
ford.
The following are the committees se
lected to work with the directors:
Transportation— WillTam D. Sink and C.
E. Humbert.
I'rintlng and advertising— R. E. Baer
and G. Hagmeyer.
Art display— Edward A. Cooley. Mrs. C.
E. Humbert, -Mrs. M. F. Sink. Mrs. L. A.
Bird. Mrs. G. Cameron, Mrs. H. A. Chase
and Misses Daisy Furber, Pauline Brush,
and Louise Jackson.
Decorations— Charles B. Shaw, Samuel
R. Sample. Mrs. C. A. Thilo and the
Misses Genevieve Smith, Kate Porterfield,
Nellie Canie, Selene Menlhan and Anna
Domine.
Rules and regulators— F. \orol, C. B.
Shaw K. G. Kurber and S. R. Sample.
Admissions— W. T. Brush, G. B. Baer
and G. Cameron. ' mM
Badges— R. E. Baer and E. M. Shelf ord.
Programme— Rev. H. E. Banham and
George B. Baer.
Music— G. Cameron and George W. Coe.
Booths and refreshments— Fred W.
Brush. G. Hagmeyt-r and Mrs. 1. E. Shaw.
Baby show— C. E. Humbert and Mrs.
Fred Yordi.
Press headquarters— N. J. Saviers (in
i-harg»->. John B. Cooley, 1.. Vasconia,
I,ouis Landsberger, R. E. Baer and Simon
Prusctaower.
Superintendent— Thomas B. \\ llson.
BEAR ON A RAMPAGE
IN AN OPERA HOUSE
Frenzied Brute Objects to an Effort
to Extract an Ulcerated
Tooth.
OMAHA, Jan. 29.— An enormous silver
tip bear, frenzied with an ulcerated tooth.
Which its master Was trying to extract,
escaped from its cage in the Creighton
Theater to-day and created a panic before
being captured. In addition to frightening
a number of persona the bear seriously
hurt its master, Paul Batty, badly lacer
ated Stagehand McDonald and tore the
clothes off Jacob Rosenthal, the manager
of the theater.
McDonald was assisting Batty to ex
tract the tooth and a crowd of men and
boys surrounded the cage of the enraged
animal to witness the operation. The
brute was fastened down with chains and
leather bands, but when the trainer
touchra the ulcerated tooth the bear
gave a roar and burst his bonds as though
they wore paper. With a sweep of lus
mighty paw he threw Batty and McDon
ald to the floor and turned upon the
crowd around the iron cage.
They lied in every direction, but the
cage was demolished in a moment. Man
ager Rosenthal was climbing into the flies
as the enraged bear passed his hiding
place. The bear made one pass at the
manager, and, catching his frock coat,
carried it completely away with him. He
also tore the shoe from one of Kosenthal's
i< el and then passed on in pursuit of the
crowd.
Jn the maze of scenery back of the
stage the bear vented his fury by de
molishing property right and left. By
this time the trainer had recovered sufn-
Clcntly to direct the heating of irons to
subdue the animal. The bear's roars could
be heard for several blocks. He was
finally driven into the cellar of the the
ater, where, surrounded by a row of red
hot irons, he submitted to being bound.
MORE CASES OF
TRICHINOSIS EXIST
TOMALES. Jan. 29. — Dr. Nief, the
County Veterinary Surgeon, and Dr. Ur
ban, the local health official, visited L ne
Conti ranch yesterday, and burned all the
remaining sausage of the lot which caus
ed the first case <-f trichinosis known to
Marin County. The ranch, which is now
under the control of one Grandi, has been
quarantined for two months. The wife
of Conti will recover, but Anzini lies in
a precarious condition, and his death is
momentarily expected.
It is stated by Dr. Nief that four more
farm hands who ate the infected »iork are
now lying '11 at IVtaluma. An examina
tion showed that the hog killed was the
only one having trichinosis. It was
brought* to the ranch from Sonoma Coun
ty. The official deprecates the false alarm
and flurry caused uy Conti a case, and ex
plains that just one hog- was afflicted.
This is the only animal ever known to
have been infected with this parasite in
the history of Marin County.
To Observe Lincoln Sunday.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The American
Missionary Association has issued an ap
peal to the Congregational churches of
the United States to observe February 12
as Lincoln Sunday.
SNOW BLOCKADES
THE RAILROADS
Colorado Towns Effec
tually Isolated.
SUFFERING MAY RESULT
SUPPLIES OF PROVISIONS AND
COAL GIVING OUT.
Kokoma in Danger of Being Carried
Away by an Avalanche,
as It """as in the
Eighties.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Jan. 29.— The snow storm
which has been raging on the mount
ains since early last week has subsided.
The sun broke through the clouds and
the wind abated to-day. In some places
the fall of snow has been the heaviest
in fifteen years. In and about Lead
ville serious results are threatened.
The supply of coal and provisions in the
smaller mountain towns has become ex
hausted, and suffering must result un
less the railroads can be opened to
these places. Snow-slides are reported
from several places, but only from
Apex, where three were killed, has
come information of casualties.
Information from Kokomo is to the
effect that great masses of hard
packed snow overhang the town,
threatening it with serious damage,
should they give way. Kokomo was
carried away by an avalanche in the
early eighties, and the residents are
fearful lest this should be repeated
now.
The South Park road has been tied up
between Como and Leadvllle for nearly
"a week. Several days ago an attempt
was made to run a train with provi
sions westward through the snow. The
train stuck near Dickey, where it has
remained ever since. A snowslide near
Hagerman tunnel on the Colorado road
has blocked that road west of Leadville
and trains to Glenvvood have srone over
the Denver and Rio (Jranrte tracks. Be
tween Como and Leadville the snow has
drifted in the cuts to the depth of thir
ty and forty feet. The only road run
ning west and east from Leadville that
has been clear is the Denver and Rio
Grande, which has felt but little incon
venience from the storm.
_ +~-
THREE LIVES LOST
IN A SNOWSLIDE
Dwelling on a Colorado Hillside Is
Swept Away by the
Avalrnche.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 29.— A special to
the New.'-, from Apex. Colo., says: A snow
slide occurred here at 0 a. m. to-day, in
wnich three lives were lost. The dead are:
Mrs. W. H. Rudolph and her two children,
aged 2 and 4 yrars.
The Rudolph home was situated on tne
side of a steep hill, and directly In the
path of th<_> slide. Snow has been falling
almost continuously during the past week
and has reached a depth of fifteen feet on
the mountain sides. Mr. W. TI. Rudolph,
who. with his family, was in his home
when the slide started, and succeeded in
making his escape, but his wife and
three children were swept away in t .ie
avalanche of snow. A searching party
succeeded in resetting the six-year-old son
alive. The other three have not been
found.
HIT BY LIVE COALS
AND SCALDING WATER
Four Men Badly Burned by the Ex-
plosion of a Boiler at
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29.— Four men were bad
ly burned, one perhaps fatally, by the ex
plosion of a boiler to-day in the basement
of the Chicago Tribune. The injured: Bud
Miller, fireman, injuries fatal; Charles
Lundin, Peter Biege, William Murphy.
The men, who had just completed put
ting in new prates in the furnace of the
boiler, were standing directly in front of
the furnace when the explosion occurred,
and were covered first with live coals, and
then with scalding water.
— _«.
Sent Home From Cuba.
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The transport
Roumanian, Captain Walcott. arived to
day from Neuvitas, Cuba, wher.? she land
ed the Third Qeorgia Volunteers from
Savannah. The Roumanian brings twen
ty-eight passengers, discharged soldiers,
carpenters, electricians and some stowa •
ways, who had drifted down to Cuba in
Government transports and are now sent
home by the military authorities. The
Roumanian will anchor off Liberty Island
to await instructions from Colonel Kim
ball.
Bulgaria to Form a New Cabinet.
SOFIA, Jan. 29.— Prince Ferdinand has j
entrusted to M. Grecoff the formation
of a coalition Cabinet to succeed • the
Stoiloff Ministry, which resigned iast
week in consequence of the dissatisfaction
caused by the persistence of the Premier'
in his schemes for assisting Macedonian
autonomy, which his opponents consider
antagonistic to Bulgarian aspirations for
predominance in Macedonian affairs.
ARGUMENT ON
PEACE TREATY
Will Continue in Senate
All the Week.
MANY SPEECHES ARE AHEAD
VIEWS TO BE EXPRESSED IN
OPEN AND SECRET SESSION.
Should Ratification Fail It Is Pro
posed to Compromise Terms
in Order to Avoid an
Extra Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.-The Senate
will devote practically all of the time
this week to the consideration of the
peace treaty. Senator Allison, chair
man of the Committee on Appropria
tions, says he will not interfere at any
time with the consideration of the
treaty by asking to have appropriation
bills taken up, and as a consequence the
treaty will have complete right of way.
This week will see the close of the
memorable debate, both in executive
session and in open debate, as the vote
is set for 3 o'clock a week from to-mor
row. Notice has been given of set
speeches for every day except Monday
of the present week. Senator Barry
will speak Tuesday, Senator Spooner
Wednesday, Senator Rawli s Thursday,
Senator Money Friday and Senator
Chilton Saturday. These peeches will
be lased upun the varii resolutions
on the general question of expansion
and will be delivered in open session.
They will, however, practically be de
voted to the treaty and will afford Sen
ators an opportunity to say openly
what they would say in secret session
if the resolutions were not under con
sideration. There will be an effort to
get the speeches in before 3 o'clock each
day in order to permit the closing of
the doors at 2 o'clock, in accordance
with the unanimous agreement to that
effect, when the treaty will be taken up
formally and the executive considera
tion of the subject proceeded with.
Senator Bacon and Senator Mason
both announce their intention of con
tinuing their efforts to get action upon
their respective resolutions before the
vote is taken upon the resolution to
ratify the treaty, and hope to succeed
some time during the week.
The friends of the treaty are still
most sanguine of success and most of
them announce that they will accept no
compromise. Others express a willing
ness to accept some such resolution as
that of Senator Sullivan. Those pro
fessing to know say it is the policy to
force the treaty to a vote before tak
ing action on any compromise propo
sition, and if the treaty should by any
chance be beaten, to move to recon
sider and then to consider the question
of accepting some compromise like the
Bacon resolution before final adjourn
ment in March. Almost a month of the
session will be left after the vote of
Monday week, so that if the Senate
should prefer to accept the treaty with
a resolution of construction and in
struction, to postponing action for an
extra session, it could do so.
Interest centers in the army bill in
the House of Representatives during
the early part of the week. The final
vote will be taken at 3 p. m. Tuesday.
Prior to this the debate will be under
the five-minute rule in the main, al
though sufficient time has been re
served to give Bailey and some of the
other leaders an opportunity for ex
tended speeches. Chairman Hull of the
military committee is confident the Mil
will pass, saying that the Republican
disaffection will not exceed ei*rht. while
several affirmative votes will come from
the Democratic side. The opposition
will direct its efforts toward having the
bill recommitted.
With the army bill disposed of. the
House will turn its attention to the
important river and harbor bill, and
then to the military academy appropri
ation bill. The river and harbor bill
probably will have Wednesday, with
two hours' debate on a side. The mili
tary academy bill is not likely to take
more time than is required to read it
through. No exact programme has
been fixed for the rest of the week,
but Chairman Merer of the Committee I
on Public Buildings and Grounds has
been pressing for a hearing on some of •
the public building bills now pending. '
and he is likely to get a day. Chair
man Lacey wants a day on public land
questions.
The Hawaiian bill is the most im- |
portant piece of general legislation j
which will be agreed to a hearing, al- '
though its friends may let it go over ;
until next week.
RECALLS THE HANNA
BRIBERY CHARGES
Suit Brought to Compel the Return
of Money Received by
Otis' Attorney.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 29.— Judge Dempsey I
had before him again yesterday the mo
tion to compel Colonel T. C. Campbell to
pay into court the money which it was al- '
leged was given by him last January to
Legislator Otis by H. H. Boyce, who was !
supposed to t»e acting for Senator Hanna j
when the latter was a candidate. A suit |
was filed here and the attempt was made
to garnlshee the money alleged to be in
the possession of Campbell. He appeared
in court and said that the money was in
New York, where it was tied by an order
of court in suits filed there against |
Boyce, and that it could not be brought j
here without incurring the penalty of the j
court there. It was also asserted by coun- I
sel for Campbell that it was not the prop- |
erty of Boyce. but of Senator Hanna.
This was denied and it was asserted that
they could not show that the money ever ,
belonged to the Senator. Judge Dempsey
took the matter under advisement.
John C. Otis is the Republican member
of the Legislature from Cincinnati, who :
claimed a year ago to have been offered !
$1700 for his vote for Senator. Campbell is
his attorney and it was claimed that H.
H. Boyce paid the money to Campbell, i
There are some who deny the whole story, j
claiming that the money was never
turned over to any one or offered to Otis,
and suit is brought both to test the claim
that was thought to have been made for
effect on the Senatorial contest and also '
for the benefit of Boyce's creditors. The >
matter was investigated by the Legisla
ture a year ago by a committee, of which \
Vernon H. Burke of Cleveland was chair- ,
man.
OPPENHEIMEK CONVICTED.
Found Guilty of the Murder of a
Fellow-Convict at Folsom.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 29.— After being
out twenty-three hours, the jury to- '
day found Convict Jacob Oppentieim
er guilty of murder In the sec
ond degree for the killing of Charles Ross,
a fellow convict in the Folsom Prison, on
the last day of September. Two of the
jurors held out for murder in the second
degree, and the other ten, who were for
murder in the first degree, finally gave In.
The murder was a brutal one, and it
is believed that Ross was killed because
he was suspected of having been a stool
pigeon for the officers. Oppenheimer is
already serving a fifty years' term for
killing a man in the San Joaquln Valley
not long ago.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
VISITS THE VATICAN
Has a Conference With Cardinal
Rampolla, Papal Secretary
of State.
ROME. Jan. 29.— Archbishop Ireland,
went to the Vatican to-day, where he had
a conference with Cardinal Rampolla, Pa
pal Secretary of State. Many Cardinals
and other high ecclesiastics visited the
Archbishop at the Hotel Bristol, where he
is staying.
In the course of an interview to-day ha
declared that there was absolutely no
foundation for the statement that he had
been charged to represent the I'nited
States at the forthcoming conference re
garding the limitation of armaments. The
United States, he saiu had not yet noraj
inated a delegate. The Archbishop was
very reserved in his replies to questions
respecting religions problems in America
on the ground that it was necessary for
him to wait for the Holy See to pass upon
such matters.
DBOWNED AT MARTINEZ.
BENICIA, Jan. 29.— A clerk named Mal
colm, belonging to the general service,
was drowned to-day at Martinez, lie
came here a few days ago to assist in
making out the muster rolls for the
Eighth California Infantry. His body is
in Martinez in charge of tho Coroner.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TUMOR EXPELLED.
Unqualified Success of Lydia B.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Mrs. Euzabeth Wiieelock, ilagno-
lia, lowa, in the following letter de-
scribes her recovery from a very criti-
cal condition:
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I have been
taking your Vegetable Compound, and
jSCTI lIIiMHfiBtWh* am mnv ready to sound
Jlliis&SH' S~^^ \ ils done ■\von-
Illlp!^ ;- >a ers or me n
Wj&! " (fs^\ relieving me
Wjj 'jL ,O) •■*# \ of a tumor.
'»v "S^t x '^y health
1 - i 4 has been poor
ffl|P/ *~TC~^ Change of life
I \ \\ WhP'^ much bloated
I ' and was a bur-
den to myself. "Was troubled with
smothering spells, also palpitation of
the heart and that bearing-down feel-
ing, and could not be on my feet much.
"I was growing worse all the time,
until I took your medicine. '
"After taking three boxes of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Lozenges, the tumor passed from me.
"My health has been better ever
since, can now walk quite a distance
and am troubled no more with palpita-
tion of the heart or bloating. I rec-
ommend your medicine to all sufferers
from female troubles." i
It is hardly reasonable to suppose
that any one can doubt the efficiency
of Mrs. Pinkham\s methods and medi-
cine in the face of the tremendous vol-.
ume of testimony.
Beware of Imitations
*£ Wrcesterrfiire&s
&4U&
JOHN DUNC/N'S 60NS, AHEKTS, NEW YORK.
|V|p:KD\/|T/V waww vitality
i^icnvi in lost vigor.
>^^^j " — "'•'AND MANHOOD
gjnw Cures Impotcncy Nij»ht Emissions and wasting
■nSj diseases, ail effects of seli-abuse, or excess ani
'BS; JS indiscretion. A nenrctonic and blood'buiJder.
,^» Brines (he pink glow to pale cheeks and ti*
fcßvl stores (he fire of youth. By mail 500 per
(<!^^L box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a vrrittea
fni|tl>Jn guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrvfta medica! Co., CHnton « 3acKsc;i $ts., Shicafij.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant ave.,San Francisco.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrocli."ine and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and b'adder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
82t Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
fW FAVORITE
&^T FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
X fORWE4KWOMEM.
N^y^/u, WHEN YOU
/dP^Tß^Ppi&v Require an ELEC-
tw^&^-'lßirfSi 11^ 10 BELT et "Dr.
jjmKitfßi^ Pierces and you will
' /] '^vr^ not b 9 disappointed.
-Tp^ 2 Call or address PIERCE
n ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mirk*' si. (opp. Pilicj Hote), S. F.
DR.MCNULTY.
ri^niS welu-exows AND reliabmsold
JL .Specialist cwfK Pri vate. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
enses o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 2oy'ni' experience.
Piitientseuredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hour« 9
to3dHliy;6.3otoB-.:<o pv'ks. Suiiilhvs, lOtolZ. Consul-
tation free and sacredly contidentfnl. CiUl.oraddresa
P. ROMCUG 3IcXUI/r\\ M.l>.
20. Kearny St., SSan Francisco. Cal.
Ii Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Caus*
perfect ■ digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For th° cure of all disorders of. the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, . Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druggists,
or by mall. RADWAY & CO.. New York.
34
PAY..... ........ JANUARY 30, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PLBLICATIO.N OIFICE Wlarket and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
fcDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARIUEHS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single -Copies. .5 cents
Terms by Mall, Including: Postage:
PAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one yoar $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months I.SO
BrNPAY CALL, one year 1.50
WKEKXiT CAtL. one year 1.00
All postmasters arc authorized to receive Fubsoriptlons.
Esunple copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFPICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGEKROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, ODen until
P:3O o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock..
19AI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock- 2516
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh}
• treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1506 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUsLMbNTa,
Columbia— "The Idol's Eye."
California "Why Smith Left Home."
Alcazar— '"Peaceful Valley." . :
Tlvoll— "La Perichole." • ' ■
Orpheum— Vaudeville. . . . '•■!■'■' ■ : ' • ■ .
Chutet and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Llonis.' 1 ■■ „ V
Olyrr.pla — Corner' Mrfsop and Kills ' streets. Specialties.
Sherman -Clay Hall— Concert Tuesday evening, January 31.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland IJacce Track— Races to-morrow.
Oakland Race Track— Races To-day.
Metropolitan Ttnjple— Piano Recital Monday evening, Feb-
.ruary 6. . • ; ______^___
AUCTION SALES.
f1;". ■ . , .
By G. H. r/mtwen & Co.— Monday, January 30. at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
(3N OUTBURST OF SPECULATION.
SPECULATION was the .feature of. business all
over the United States' la>t weefc, Wall street
being the center bf disturbance. It was one of
the periodical outbreaks of speculation which' occur
from time to time. When the public rush in and buy
everything in sight for no other reason than that
they think it is a good time for financial pyrotechnics.
'1 he fever to buy began with stocks and merged into
a rampant demand for wheat, which sent up the price
of this cereal at a rapid rate. The noteworthy feature
of tins movement was the avidity with which Wall
street bought wheat, for this feverish mart does not
generally run to speculation in grain. Crop condi-
I no part in this rush to buy wheat, and
rom the different centers of trade throughout
gnored by the eager purchasers. The
and elevators were quick to take advantage of
the booift, and when the price had got high enough
commenced to sell, which had the effect of checking
the advance. The s-amc condition prevailed in stocks.
The public ru>hcd in and- the professionals gave them
vanud. Conservative concerns advised
rneir ru-;r.ir,cr.- I ■ r.vly; but their advice had
ffect London, too, saw its chance to turn an
penny and sold Americans freely; but the rise
went on just the same.
ther curious feature of the situation was that
in the midst of all this wild buying the money market
markably easy and Americans were actually
loaning funds to Europe meanwhile. In former years
this condition was unheard of. Whenever there was
a burst of speculation the New Yorkers went to
Europe for money wherewith to operate, and the
money market hardened at once. Herein possibly
lii- the explanation of the vast speculation of last
week. The financial centers of the United States are
known to be gorged with money, and interest rates
arc being lowered all along the line, hence the public,
teeing in current conditions a chance to make a fine
ted their funds in anything in sight that
n advance. As far as the moment was
. '.ed their judgment was certainly correct, for
tocks went up with a buoyancy to suit the
I ■ vine speculator. The bank clearings re
spoi.dcd to the boom and showed a gain of 66.9 per
cc.it over the same week last year, while of the
$2,144,768,000 clearings throughout , the country
./x>,ooo was credited to the city of New York.
The clearings of Chicago, which usually leads in grain
speculation, were $139,272,000. and her gain was 56.7
per cent, while that of New York ran up to 88.8 per
cent. No important failures resulted from the boom.
and in fact those of the whole country were only 246,
- i'or the corresponding week in 1898. The
movement hi wheat kept up with the spccula
id were heavy, _ being 3.813,300 bushels from
tic ports, against 2.971,300 during the same week
last year.
While this enormous speculation has been going
on the leading commercial staples have shown- little
change. The iron trade still booms, and the heavy
s is accompanied by an advance in almost all
descriptions, with a desire for combinations which.
We are told, amounts to a virtual craze. Lumber
maintains the firm tone already noted, the dry-goods
trade reports an improvement in several Eastern
cities, railroad receipts are making surprising gains,
and the treasury receipts arc steadily increasing.
Wool alone is weak, and the Western bankers are ad-
Vistng speculative holders to sell, as quotations are
considered too high for the immense stocks on hand.
Conditions here at home show no particular change
beyond the rise in wheat. The interior valleys have
been visited by a hot north wind, which is doing no
1 the crops, and the abnormally hot weather is
sonic anxiety among fruit-growers, who fear
th?t the trees may blossom too early and get caught
I later on. It certainly is strange weather for
January. Otherwise there is little to remark in the
local situation.
There is every reason to suppose that our grand
cl.il. ren will be paying pensions arising from the
Civil War. and that by that time the total will have
to imposing proportions.
An attempt is being made to organize a Farmers'
It will not be a suotesft. Even if the farmers
gether there will be the political gold-brick
man in the midst of them.
After a Sunday at home, soothed and sustained by
the approbation of his neighbors, Speaker Wright
might to be in shape to face the ordeal the day holds
for him.
The Wyoming outfit which offers $20,000 for a fight
between Sharkey and Fitzsimmons would be wiser to
devote the sum to the raising of steers.
THE INNER CIRCLE OF CORRUPTION.
IN this State no Senatorial money has been paid
into the State treasury — not even the thirty thou
sand dollars needed to raise the credit of the can
didate from Mexico to par. Twenty thousand dollars,
supposed to have been used for Republican legislative
tickets, has been traced to one purse, but first the
closed life and next the illness of Milton J. Green
have so far prevented the itemizing of this limited
corruption account. Here and there a few hundred
dollars have been placed. A new ticket office on the
sixth floor "of the railroad building has been uncov
ered. But after all, when the investigation at Sacra
mento'ended, the Burns lobby had been almost dis
credited.
The unearned increment is the most effective ele
ment in that kind of politics that sets the faces of men
like Dan Burns toward Washington. It is more real
in itself, but even less apparent, than the unearned
increment in real estate. It eludes formalities, ac
counts and inquiries under oath. Its jingle is rarely
overheard. Its existence is solid and its sound metal
lic, but to the public ear it is as silent as the sleeping
gold in quartz pockets.
The Assembly committee at Sacramento has de
served and received credit for its use of such ma
terials as it obtained. It exposed some corruption
that struggled for or was pushed toward the light.
It fully justified the cautious and exact statements of
The Call. But, after all, it only scratched the outer
skin of Colonel Maznma and drew a few drops of
his blood. His less important operations, through
raw and inartistic agents, in some degree were ascer
tained. But the inner circle of his influence, where
experience and system work with the delicacy and
with the accuracy of a watch, was hardly touched.
It was touched, however. There is no bond of
honor, of sympathy or of genuine friendship between
conscienceless politicians and an unqualified or dis
qualified candidate for Senatorial preferment The
only tie that unites them is the unearned increment.
The manager for Ulysses S. Grant was certainly a
novice, and his urn of. money was easily unveiled. We
should not be surprised at an effort to convert Grant
into ascapegoat for Dan Burns. But the effort can
not succeed for many reasons, and chiefly and pre
cisely because, as we suggested yesterday and have
repeated to-day, the inner circle of Colonel Mazuma
was touched by the investigating committee.
The Burns artists do not wear broad-brimmed
hats and shaggy eyebrows and invite detectives to fol
low them into dark places. They are at once deft
and simple in their legerdemain. They are trained
and inscrutable witnesses, and their skill is beyond
the reach of a -brief and rapid legislative inquiry.
They can throw a net over unsuspecting integrity
with the dexterity of a Roman gladiator. The one
thing they cannot do is to hide their associations,
their faces and their odor. They are so well known to
interested and scrutinizing citizens that where they
hover conjecture hardens into fact.
The following of Dan Burns is in itself a sufficient
nrc for the people of the State, sound in
heart and sound in brain, who cannot understand how
a filthy political wave can land a political failure, with
out a single qualification, in the Senate of the United
States. Even without legal proof every one knows
the source and the character of his support. And as
we have already suggested, these generalizations were
made specific and driven home by the fall of Speaker
Wright. His quintuple relation to corruption is a
conclusive answer to the question of how Dan Burns
captured him. And that demonstration projects itself
with rational, and unerring certainty into the inner
circle, where the smell would have burst the nose of
Cyrano de Bergerac as it arrested the progress of the
Assembly committee.
The devil, it is said, marks his own. The pang
surrounding Daniel Burns, fuller of babbling integrity
than a rotten egg is of diseased meat, is marked be
yond the possibility of error. These arc the men who
require caricature to identify them with humanity.
They would be probably turned out of the lower re
gions for moral uncleanliness, but they are a pesti
lential concentration at the State Capitol.
Considering their surroundings, the legislators
who, like the venerable Judge Clough, are clean
within and wear the rugged faces of unpurchasable
integrity are almost entitled to rank as heroes, even
if some of them do thirst for journalistic blood and
seek to escape the gallery of legislative immortals.
We hope that. they may substitute right for Wright
in the Speaker's chair and sternly vindicate legisla
tive honor, but we also hope that before they destroy
the press they may avert their own destruction by de
stroying Dan Burns and by honoring the demand of
the citizens of California through the election of a
qualified Federal Senator in the person of a Repub
lican, a statesman and a gentleman.
THE ASSEMBLY ON TRIAL.
WHEN the investigating committee was ap
pointed to inquire into the charges made
against Speaker Wright and the manager of
Grant's Senatorial' campaign the accused parties were
placed on trial: when, a little later, rumors of pos
sible whitewash were circulated from Sacramento
through the State the committee itself was on trial
before the people; and now that the report has been
submitted to the Assembly and reports are current
that an attempt will be made in that body to relieve
the Speaker of the condemnation justly put upon
him the Assembly is on trial.
While the investigating committee did not uncover
all that it might have brought to light had it pursued
its examinations with more vigor, it certainly ob
tained sufficient testimony to confirm the charges
made against the Speaker, and it had the courage and
the honesty to make a straightforward report on the
subject. That report the people expect the Assembly
to sustain. If it be set aside the Assembly will be
condemned. ,
When the report has been adopted it will then be
the duty of the Assembly to go farther and mete out
to Speaker Wright the full measure of penalty his
offenses deserve. The culprit thus exposed, dis
credited, dishonored and disgraced should not be
permitted to occupy for another day the Speaker's
chair. Nor should he be permitted to remain in the
Assembly. He is unfit to represent an honorable
constituency, to legislate for California and to sit
among honest men. His official career should be ter
minated before he can inflict any further disgrace
upon the State.
The signs and evidences that have been noted at
Sacramento of a desire on the part of the Burns gang
to save the Speaker from the consequences of his
actions have increased the public indignation against
the methods of the Mexican boss. No testimony
was submitted during the investigation to show what
Inducements were given to Wright to vote for Burns,
but enough was disclosed to create a moral certainty
that he was moved by some underhand job and in
trigue; and the efforts of the Burns men to shield him
from just punishment increases the suspicion of cor
rupt collusion and strengthens the popular demand
for the expulsion of the Speaker from the Legislature.
It is time for Burns and his following to take
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
warning. They have escaped by very devious paths
from the shame that has befallen their exposed, col
league, and it is by no means likely that they could
escape again if another investigation should take
place. If they are wise they will leave the Speaker to
his fate and profit by the moral of his fall.
THE PURIFIED JURY BOX.
BY something like a formal ceremony of purifica
tion by fire, Judge Daingerfield, County Clerk
Deane and Chief Deputy Goddard have cleaned
the box containing the lists of jurymen and taken
steps which justify the hope that the stuffing of the
box and the consequent packing of juries will no
longer be included among the scandals of the City
Hall.
The evil has been one of long continuance, and at
times a good deal of attention has been directed to it
by reason of some flagrant offense. While the law
requires that the names placed in the jury-box shall
be selected by Superior Judges, it has been possible
for other parties to put names in the box, and several
attempts have been made to discover persons guilty
of such stuffing, but never with any success.
Thanks to the purification and the new rules
adopted it is now likely we shall have juries honestly
selected at any rate, whatever may happen to them
afterward. The Judge, the County Clerk and the
chief deputy removed from the box all the old names,
and the slips of paper on which these were written
were then burned. When the box was thus cleaned
the newly selected names were placed in it. These
were all written by one person, in a peculiar hand
writing, and therefore it will be easily possible to
determine whether any name hereafter drawn from
the box has been forged or illegally placed there.
The cleaning out of the box and the substitution
of an entirely new lot of names written and deposited
under strict regulations and supervision is a subject
of no small importance to the community. Under
our system of government the whole social fabric
rests upon the honesty of jurymen. To them come
all questions of property, of life and of liberty. When
the jury-box is tainted with fraud the very founda
tion of our civilization is affected. The knowledge
that the jury-box has been stuffed has long consti
tuted one of the gravest of our municipal scandals,
and there is good reason for general gratification over
what has now been done to prevent any such" offenses
in future.
A MISTAKE OF THE FATHERS.
r^ OMMENTING upon the scandals which have
I arisen from Senatorial elections in various parts
of the Union, and with particular reference to
those at Sacramento, the Boston Globe points out
that the whole project of the constitution for improv
ing the personnel of the Senate by requiring the
election of its members by Legislatures instead of by
the people "has been ridiculed by a century of ex-
perience."
It is an indisputable truth that where popular
opinion governs the elections of Senators the best
men are obtained, and where the elections are
'farthest away from the people the Senate fares worst.
The Globe very justly says:
"In New England and the South, speaking gener
ally, the Legislatures choose men who would have no
reason to fear an election by the people, but it is
doubtful how much longer this standard can be main
tained under a false system. New York, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, Ohio, In
diana, Michigan, Nebraska, North Dakota and Ore
gon at least have Senators who would be very re
luctant to submit themselves to the test of a popular
election and who cannot be regarded as an improve
ment upon the men whom the people of these States
choose for Governors."
It requires no elaborate review of Senatorial con
tests for a long series of years to find proof of the ac
curacy of that statement. Ample evidence can be
found in the daily reports of the elections now going
on. The most striking illustration of fraud comes
from Montana. When the legislative session opened
at Helena Senator Whitesidc announced that he had
been given $30,000 to purchase votes for W. A.
Clark, a candidate for the United States Senate, and
in proof of his assertion laid before the Legislature
thirty $1000 bills.
The Legislature ordered the money to be turned
into the State treasury and appointed an investigating
committee. The Grand Jury of the county also took
up the matter. The results of the proceedings were
telegraphed yesterday. Clark was exonerated by the
Grand Jury and Whitesidc was unseated in the Senate
by a vote made up of members of both parties.
On that showing it appears that some one con
cocted a conspiracy against Clark, and in carrying it
out put up $30,000 as evidence that he was engaged in
bribery. The fraud is as bad as if Clark himself had
been the briber, and exhibits in a striking manner the
extent to which money is used in Senatorial contests.
The State of Montana, having confiscated the roll of
$1000 bill?, is to that extent richer, but the disgrace
upon her Legislature and incidentally upon the Sen
ate of the United States is. too great to be gilded
over by all the gold leaf that amount of money could
buy, no matter how thinly it were beaten out.
There is but one remedy for these evils, which are
now so widespread and which threaten even the New
England and Southern States. The mode of
electing Senators must be changed. We must return
to the direct vote of the people.
7n a suit for recovery of damages growing out of
the lynching of Click Mitchell in Ohio the telegraph
btal es briefly that the plaintiff did not get a bean. It
is therefore plain that as a matter of speculation no
bwdy can afford to be hanged by a mob. Advices
arc meager, as the dispatches do not state who sued,
but as the lynching was a success there is hardly a
probability that it was Click himself.
Brandes and his wife want a change of venue. They
would be wise to ask that it be to China, where the
slaughter of the female is viewed with more noncha
lance than our more recent civilization has acquired.
Dennery can't be a Senator, but the blessed privi-
lege of loafing around the lobby and telling how he
loves the colonel is something which cannot be taken
from him.
When California sends people to jail for debt the
necessity for enlargement of the jails will be manifest.
Would it not be wiser to send the creditors to the
asylum?
Clark is to be the Senator from Montana after all.
Thus will virtue, backed by millions in ready cash,
win if the other fellow does not happen to have more.
Now, why should a good-looking man liko Cowan
shy at the thought of a cartoon? As to Works, and
even Johnson, the matter ft easy to understand.
The reason the oratory of Senator Shortridge has
not stirred the multitude is that the gentleman cannot
make it louder than his vest.
Some of the bills sought to be put into circulation
at Sacramento are counterfeit.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. H. Patterson of Reno is at the Lick.
C. H. Bridges, U. S. A., is at the Grand.
Charles Palmer of Sioux City is at the
Grand.
Charles L. Young of New York is at
the Palace.
D. A. Scribner of New York is at the
California.
Charles F. Tozer of Cottonwood is at
the Grand.
Dr. L. S. Tooley of Willows is regis
tered at the Lick.
O. J. Barrett of Washington, D. C, is a
guest at the Grand.
Miss Eda J. Matthews of St. Louis is a
guest at the Palace.
J. M. Jenks and wife, of Chicago, are
guests at the Palace.
L. R. Payne of Fresno arrived at the
Occidental yesterday.
Mrs. Charles \V. Waldron of Santa Cruz
is registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Thompson, of Mead
ville, Pa., are at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. C. George Kroguess of
Chicago are guests at the Palace.
Mrs. W. H. Crawford and Miss Lillie
Winch of Chicago are among the guests at
the California.
B. A. Ogden of Sonora and F. Thomas
of Sacramento, extensive mine owners,
are staying at Uk Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Thorns and daugh
ters, of Washington, D. C, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday.
E. D. Easton and Lester A. Cramer of
New York and George W. Lyle of Chica
go were among the arrivals at the Palace
yesterday. .
CALIFOBNIAUS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Jan. 29.-H.. E. Lester of
San Francisco is at the Savoy.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Several armor clads in tfie Russian navy
are undergoing alterations, among which
the Peter Veliki, which is getting a new
turret armor and 12-lnch guns of 40 caliber
installed. The Herzog Edinburgsky has
had a new propeller put on, which u->on
trial gave a speed of 16.51 knots, against
15.2 of the old screw.
The abolition of joiner work on British
naval vessels has thrown a large number
of joiners out of employment. The dock
yard officials put some at work usually
done by shipwrights, with the result that
the latter made a demonstration, r.nd
there promises to be a lively war of the
unions against tne Admiralty.
The two most prominent torpedo-boat
builders are Thornycroft and Yarrow.
Since 1877 Thornycroit nas built 215 boats,
from 59 feet to 230 feet in length and
ranging in horse-power from 180 to SSOO.
Yarrow has built during the same period
14S boats, of from 56 feet to 220 feet in
length and horse-powers from 86 to
6000.
A robbery of $4500 to $5000 in gold from
the paymaster's cabin of the cruiser Isiobe
at Devonport is puzzling the naval author
ities, and there is not the slightest clew
for the court of inquiry to work with. It
is, believed, however, that the money was
taken in installments, and the police are
prosecuting the most searching in
quiries.
The cost of maintaining the several di-!
visions of the Russian fleet is given as
follows in roubles: The Baltic and White
seas, comprising seven stations, 2,700.328;
Black Sea, 1,863.874; Caspian flotilla, 189,
--773; Siberian fleet, 492,380; voluntary enlist
ed men, 255.350, and ships on detached ser
vice in foreign waters, 5,9*2,486, making a
total of 11.514,230 roubles— equal to ?S,SG5>i
in American money.
The French submarine boat Gustave
Zede made a successful trip from Totiion
to Marseilles on January 9, making the
distance of about fifty miles in eight
hours, the passage being completed with
complete success, notwithstanding a very
choppy sea. M. Lockroy, Minister of Ma
rine, warmly complimented the command
ing officer, Lieutenant Mottez, and the
crew, on their successful voyage.
In the Oceanica, recently launched from
the yard of Harland & Wolff, Belfast,
Great Britain will acquire a most efficient
auxiliary cruiser. She will be able to
steam 24,000 miles in 81 days, at the rate
of 12 knots an hour, without recoaling.
The next best auxiliary cruisers, so far
as relates to coal endurance, are the Ma
jestic and Teutonic, which can steam
21.600 miles in 90 days, at the rate of 10
knots per hour, without renewing their
coal supply.
M. Lockroy, Minister of Marine of
France, has already done much toward
placing the navy in an efficient condition.
Many of the armored ships were abso
lutely worthless 6n account of their huge
superstructures, which made the ships un
scaworthy. During the past year several
of them have been entirely remodeled in
their upper works, notably the Hoche,
where the medieval castle structure has
been removed. The other ships similarly
improved are the Richelieu, Colbert, Tri
<Teht? Redoubtable. Devastation, Indomita
ble and Tonnant. Even the Massena, only
recently completed, has some changes in
her superstructure and armament.
The London Times of December 27 has
a one column summary of Secretary-
Long's report on the navy of the United
States. The Times' comments are very
complimentary to the navy and Secretary
Long, remarking: "Mr. Long's report is
thoroughly interesting and admirably cal
culated to instruct and appeal to an edu
cated public opinion. As Sir Veasy Hamil
ton has lately pointed out, the advantage
of such lucid and frank statement is de
nied to Parliament and the British peo
ple." Commenting on Mr. Long's recom
mendation of a new system of reward for
merit for naval officers, the Times says:
"Does this presage the establishment of
orders and decorations in the great re
public?"
During the agitation on flogging in the
British army some years ago a society
was formed, called the Anti-Flogging
League. In November last the secretary
of this society wrote to the Admiralty
concerning an alleged severe flogging of
a youth on the training ship Boscawen,
said to have greatly affected the culprit's
health. The Admiralty investigated the
case, and under date of January 9 in
formed the Anti-Flogging Society that
there is no flogging in the navy, and that
birching as a punishment is confined en
tirely to boys of a certain age, and i 3
never inflicted except according to reru
lation and by warrant signed by superior
authority. To the proposition made by the
BOClety that dark cells, with bread and
water, be substituted for flogging, the
Admiralty was of the opinion that such
punishment would be entirely too much
for boys for whom disciplinary measures
of a prompt kind and less likely to in
jure health were preferable.
BOARD OF EDUCA
TION ECONOMY
Editor Call: Why does the Board of!
Education have so much to say about !
economy forcing them to get teachers out
of the department? Why not acknowl
edge that they are prompted solely by po
litical oi- selfisn motives of their own?
Although they have been in office less
than a month, they have caused tne
schools to be infested with a horde of
idle workmen, who wander aimlessly
around, hanging curtains that are never
used, fitting keys in rusty locks that are
not needed and patching knotholes in the
fences. If this sort of thing continues,
the teachers will all have to vacate in a
body and leave the schools to the work
men and their friends on the school board.
The last board, when they wont into of
fice threatened to wipe out all the ap
pointees of their predecessors, and preach
ed reform, etc.. with what result we all
know. Does the present board intend to
emulate their example and consolidate
and retrench, only to have more money
in the school fund for so-called "re
pairs?" Can any one explain why teachers
are being quietly placed in vice-principal
ships without even the formality of an
election, while others are being abol
ished? Why is a gentleman holding Mr.
Marks' position at the Everett School
who has not been publicly appointed as
such?
The teachers will have cause to be
thankful if the adoption of the new char
ter will relieve them from the tyranny of
twelve inexperienced, merciless men who
rush- into office every two years so eager
for spoils that they are ready to take the
scalp of any one who stands in their way.
Their actions upset the entire School
Department and jeopardize . its useful
ness. Every one in the department real
izes by this time what empty mockery
this "reform and economy" is, --so why
keep up this senseless parade of virtue
before the public when no one believes in
it? AT. WAIN WRIGHT,
San Francisco, Jan. 29, 1899.
THE CANDIDATE
AND THE SMILE
To the Editor of The Call-in your edi
torial columns this morning under the
caption "Hastening the Millennial Dawn"
you refer to Assemblyman Caminetti as
either a joker or a joke because he has
introduced into the Assembly a bill to pro
hibit candidates bribing or attempting to
bribe voters With whisky, cigars, etc.
You do not refer to the practice as brib
ery, but it is certainly nothing else. When
a candidate enters a saloon, announces
himself as a candidate and invites those
present to drink or smoke at his expense,
he does it with the hope of influencing
them to vote for him, just as surely as
though ho were distributi ng double
eagles among them. To be sure, he does
not exact a pledge to do so. but it is not
the exacting of pledges, but the offering
of "considerations" that constitutes brib
ery.
The proposed legislation Is not some
thing new and unheard-of, as you seem
to think. You say, "When such a state of
morals exists as will permit a candidate
to wage a campaign without buying a few
cabbage leaves and 'smiling' with his
friends there will be no need of any law
on the matter for the millennium will be
here and drinking and smomng will have
become things of the past.'" A law similar
to that proposed has been in force in Can
■ ada for many years, and yet drinking and
smoking are by no means "things of the
pagt." But the "whisky campaign" is de
cidedly a "thing of the past," tnanks to
the aforesaid law.
I agree with you that the bill, if passed
as at present drafted, will probably not
be properly enforced, but that is no rea
son why It should be voted down. It
should rather bo amended by adding to
the penal clauses one providing that con
viction of the BUCcessiul candidate of the
infraction of any of the provisions of the
bill shall disqualify the candidate and
void the election; or, better still, prive the
office to his opponent, provided he is not
shown to have broken the law in his can
vass. This will make it to the interest of
every defeated candidate to show, if pos
sible, that the law has been violated by
the successful one, and so make the law
virtually self-operative,
If such an obviously necessary and ben
eficial law as this cannot be enforced in
ihis State, we may as well paraphrase the
oft-quoted sentiment and say that our
government is ot the saloon, by the saloon
and for the saloon. J. E. HUGHES.
Crockett, Jan. 28, 1899.
THE BARBERS'
PROPOSED LAW
Editor Call: The interest taken by your
paper in regard to sanitary measures, as
applied to barber shops, prompts us to in
form your readers in general and the bar
bers in particular that Assembly Bill 119—
an act to regulate barbering, intended to
insure the better education of such practi
tioners in the State of California— was in
troduced at the request of the Barbers'
Association of the Pacific Coast, who held
an open meeting December 18, 1898, when
it was decided unanimously to declare in
favor of such a law as Assembly JiUJ 119.
Similar laws are in force in Eastern
States and there operate admirably well,
both to the public and barbers, benefiting
those who desire improvement and injur
ing the ones that are degenerating, so we
see by the official report of the Barbers'
State" Board of Examiners of Minnesota,
made, to their Legislature.
Our Barbers' Association hasl members
in nearly every town in this State. Those
of Los Angeles send a petition of over
300 to the Legislature, and in this city
the proprietors of the following barber
shops, who favor the proposed legislative
enactment, are: Mr. Bernhard of the
Palace, Mr. Lanber.heimer of the Grand,
Mr. Lippert of the Occidental, Mr. Green
berg of the Safe Deposit, Mr. Finney of
the Merchants' Exchange and 783 others,
including the journeymen. Believing this
matter to be of public interest, you will
please give it space in your valuable
paper. W. C. SEPPICH,
Chairman Legislative Committee.
San Francisco, January 29.
HAS EVERY MAN HIS PRICE P
Dr. Locke Discourses on Salable and
Unsalable Men.
Dr. Charles Edward Locke's subject at
the Central Methodist Episcopal Church
last evening was "Wanted, Men! Has
Every Man His Price?" Dr. Locke said
in part:
"The pessimistic Elijah, the lachrymose
Jeremiah and the doughty Diogenes have
started a cry which needs to be taken up
by this fin de slecle period. 'Run ye to and
fro and see if ye can find a man. 1
"Civilization in any age is but the in
crease of manhood. Nations have grown
when they could produce men, but have
declined as manliness has disappeared.
"Woe be to that nation whose mothers do
not bear men! National history is but
the achievements of men. Grecian his
tory is the story of Pericles and Socrates;
Roman history tells of Cicero and Julius
ax, and so in modern history the
biographies of Gladstone and Lincoln will
include the great achievements of Eng
land and America.
"The first and final purpose of Chris
j tlanity is the Inculcation of manliness.
Jesus of Nazareth was the manliest of
men. Growth in good is but a growth in
manliness. True religion is known by the
strong characters which it builds. Many
; good men vindicate the claims of the gos
i pol of Jesus in their honorable and blame
i less lives. Such are the men which are
wanted to-day and needed in abundance.
"Haa eVery man his price? let me ask.
■ I believe Horace "Walpole's libelous wail,
[ which was the affirmative answer to this
I question, has many notable exception.-:.
George Jones, as editor of the New York
Times, was offered $f>.000.000 by the Tweed
ring if he would suppress and simply de
j cline to publish certain damaging in-
I formation, but he spurned the gift; Abra
i ham Lincoln could not be bought, and by
his rigid adherence to principles of in
tegrity gained for himself the homely but
i honorable and immortal sobriquet of
! "Honest Old Abo." Knox and Savonarola
j and Patrick Henry could not he bought,
'< and with a host of others are described in
i the lines of our own Lowell:
I honor the man who is willing to sink
I Half his present repute for the freedom to
think.
And when he has thought, be his cause strong
or weak.
Will sink the other half for the freedom to
"But alas! how humiliating the con
fession that must be made. Some men
do, indeed, have tneir price. And some
of these who can be bought are residents
of our own State, and have been chosen
to places of trust. Can anything be a
sadder comment upon the base corruption
of modern political methods than the re
cent revelations which have shriveled the
Speaker of the Assembly into a moral
Liliputian? And while he Is receiving his
deserved punishment for his reprehensible
and utterly sinful actions, let it not be
R rotten that he is, in a Sense, the scape
t for a multitude of notoriously cor
: men. He is the logical sequence of a
c and basely wicked system which
should be fiercely denounced and re
pudiated by all good citizens, namely the
use of large sums of money to secure
election to places of honor. No man
ought to. be elected to the United. States
Senate from California who has pur
chased his seat by a lavish expenditure
of money.
"Our citizenship should arise en masse
and denounce these diabolical methods of
bribery- The result is, of course, that the
most honorable men will not become can
didates. Many of the noblest citizens are
men without means, and an honest man
will not barter his birthright of integrity
for the most distinguished position of
honor in ,the gift of the people.
"It Is to be confidently hoped and
ardently desired that some man will be
elected by the present Legislature whose
moral life will be without reproach. Oh,
that some upheaval of moral sentiment
would startle our legislators into such a
discharge of their duties as will preserve
our magnificent State from, being repre
sented by any man whose hands have
been full of bribes or whose life has been
defiled with rascality and corruption! Let
moral lepers be driven* without the gates
and not sent to the United States Senate.
"Politics will never be cleansed until
men who cannot be bought shall seize the
reigns of government."
LARGE CROWDS VISIT
THE PARK AND CLIFF
WARM WEATHER BitINGS OUT
THE CITY PUBLIC.
Minor Accidents on the Roads to tho
Beach — Exercises in Perspiration
and Other Amusements for
Pleasure-Seekers.
The warm weather drew long strings
of people to the Park and CJiff yesterday.
Every avenue and green in the city'=»
pleasure ground was packed with men,
women and children. The hottest part of
the day was shortly after noon, when the
mercury registered 72 degrees.
It kept at this temperature for some
time, forcing the pedestrians into the
shade of trees and the "bikers" to the
faucet. The fat men shed perspiration
and the lean did the same out of pure
envy. One "biker," who outweighed
everything else on the Park and Cliff
bicycle line, lost his pedals at the head
of the speed track and landed in a heap
a mile below. He was not injured seri
ously and refused to give his name.
The big crowds on the beach and the
hill to the Cliff were startled out of their
repose about 3 o'clock by a wild runaway
horse The occupants of the rig were un
injured, hut not BO much can be said for
the harness and buggy, both of which,
were carried in pieces to the Park Police
Station.
At the Chutes over 4000 people passed
through the gates.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
OXYOKX- IC. C, Cfty. Oxygen is the
ingredient in Water that assists combus
tion.
DONAHUE ROAD-J. D. Vallejo, Cal.
Tho longest tunnel on the' Donahue road
; ■ s l'^so feet.
HIGH TARIFF— D*. M.. city. The arti
cle on high tariff inquired about did not
appear in The Call.
TONNAGE OP NAVIKS-J. P., City.
'I'h.' displacement tonnape of the United
States navy is :;64,177 and that of Ger
many is 176,646.
ILOILO— J. D., Vallejo, Cal. Iloilo, in
the I'hilippine Islands, is pronounced as
if written Eeloeelo. The population is
estimated at 12.000.
ENGLAND, INDIANA AND TEXAS—
E. Y. X., City. The area of England is
50.542 square miles; of Indiana 36,;>r>6 square
miles and of Texas 265,780 square miles.
THE ART INSTITUTE-J. T. 8.. City.
The free day at th<- Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art has been changed to the lirst
Sunday in each month. No passes are re
quired. '
CRIBBAGE— L. S., Grant's Pass, Or. If
in a same of cribbage a player makes 31
and in the same play he plays the last
card of the deal he is entitled to count 2
for 31 and 1 for the last card.
POSTAGE TO HONOLTILU— M. H. J.,
Byron, Cal. The rate of postage, to
Honolulu is the same yet as it was prior
to becoming United States territory,
namely 5 cents for half-ounce letters, pre
payment optional; postal cards, large sizr.
5 cents: small, 2 cents, add 1 cent stamp
on card; newspapers, 1 cent for 2 ounces.
NAVIGATION* — Anambulue, : ; P/ench
Camp, Cal-. The navigator determines
latitude and longftude as a rule" by the
sun, the sextant, 'the compass anfi tho
i nautical almanac. Such can be ascer
i tamed approximately by the north or po
lar star. That was the guide of old time
navigators, but is not such with modern
Bailers of the seas. . •• .
TEMPERATURE— J. E. M., Oakflale,
Cot The record of temperature for
twenty years at Stockton during the
months of June, July and August show
, for the months in the order given; Maxi
mum. 79.5, 87.5, 57.5; minimum. 54.5, 57 5,
f.5.5; mean, fti.s, 72.5. 73. For Sacramento:
Maximum, S3. 88, 89; minimum, 57, 59, SS;
mean, 70, 73, 72.
MARE ISLAND— A. X., City. It de
pends on what the correspondent calls
Mare Island. The United States claims
all the high lands that the public knows
as Mare Island and in addition the salt
marsh lands extending ten miles west
erly to the mouth of Sonoma Creek. The
highlands contain less Lnan K«>'j acres
The adjacent lands, forming the island
under the Government claim, adds more
than 5000 acres to the highland area
GENERAL EGAN-J. C. P., City. The
military record of General Charles P
Eagan shows: August 30, 1566, second
lieutenant. Ninth Infantry; January 2,
1569, first lieutenant same regiment; Jan
uary 1, tSfl, assigned to Twelfth Infan
try; June Si. 1874, captain commissary of
subsistence: March 12. 1882, major commis
sary subsistence: subsequently he rose by
grades in the subsistence department For
gallant service against the Indians In tne
Lava Beds in California on the 17ih of
April. 1873, breveted captain on the 27th of
February. IS9O. He was wounded in the
Lava Beds.
TATTOO MARKS— Two Subscribers
California. Inquiry is frequently made for
methods f^r the successful removal of
tattoo marks in th\? skin. While those
are generally supposed to be indelible if
produced by some carbonaceous matter
the Chemical X.ws says that the marks
will disappear by being first well rubbed
with a salve of pure acetic acid and lard'
then with a solution of potash and finally
with hydrochlorir add. A person not used
to the handling: of such ingredients should
do so only under the advice of a compe
tent physician. The operation of removal
if properly carried into effect is not pain
ful, nor is it expensive.
GLACTERS-K. C. City. Glaciers are
not necessarily peculiar to any country oi
zone, but wherever there are mountains
of sufficient height they may exist, la
Europe they are chiefly confined to the
Alps and Norway. Having their origin in
the region of perpetual snow, they reach
far down into the valley, the largest push
ing themselves furthest down. That of
Bossous. at Oham.ouni. comes from the
highest part of Mount rUaiu- and reaches
a point 5500 feet below the snow line
where it is embosomed among luxuriant
wood. The Himalaya has its share and
there are many peaks in Andes that are
flanked by glaciers. Iceland and Spitzen
bergen abound in them. And there are
also the glaciers of the Sierra Nevada
Range, which have been described by
John Muir. . J
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 •
r f W ? 1 «& row at as , great an altitude as
6700 l eet above sea level yellow pine nt
feeV'Th^ at 4SW feet and oak at 3KO
2300 feet ceases to grow at about
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty ears by millions o«
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Eowels and Is th ; -«t remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other cau.es. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*
Winslow s Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO-Take advanta**
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship, Including • fifteen days" board at
4°New Montgomery street. San Franci»co. »t
« fttw llontgomery atreet. . San Franclwo.
perm^prM? ADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
SSSSSt hr;k c f ink by ÜBin S -Moki Tea. 4
PndjSSiJ? ? rlnk - Cures constipation and
hannv 3U< c\, m akes you eat. sleep, work and
backAtn a guaranteed or money
back. At Owl Drug Co ■ •HARBOR POLICE
AT OUTS WITH
HARBOR HOSPITAL
An Important Witness
Given Freedom.
i
CAPTAIN DUNLEVY ANGRY
WILL REPORT THE MATTER TO
THE BOARD OF HEALTH.
Assistant Chiei Wharfinger Scott
Banqusteci — Deep Sea Soundings
in the Pacific — Peru's
Large Cargo.
There la trouble brewing between the
Harbor Police and the doctors of the
r R <■, iving Hospital. The matter
is to be laid before the Board of Health
to-day by Captain Dunlevy, and some
thing is likely to happen. A few weeks
ago a man was hurt in a saloon row and
after being patched up at the hospital he
illowed to go. Later it was dis
d that he had a fractured skull; he
The police were handicapped by
the man being allowed to depart from the
Ital and Captain Dunlevy was
. Yesterday the same thing hap
pened again, and now the matter is to be
laid before the Board of Health.
Saturday night Charles Linn, salhnaker
on the British ship British Genera!, was
given shore leave. Captain Thomas ad-
I him some money, and with it he
proceeded to enjoy himself on the Bar
bary Coast. He was robbed of his watch
and chain and reported the matter to the
police. To-day he was to have gon> to
the new City Hall to see Officer Orr about
his loss, but instead of that he went to
the City Prison with a charge of assault
to murder against him.
After being robbed "ii "the Coast" Linn
went to the Easton House, 403 Drumm
t, and there grot into an altercation
with some other sailors. One of them.
named Charles Peters, slapped Linn's
and Itnoi kM him off the bench on
which he was sitting. Linn then pi' k> v
chair and knocked Peters senseless,
nohoe was called In and
took Peters to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital and Linn to the Harbor Police Bta-
At the hospital it was discovered
that besides a severe scalp wound Peters
h;:d a fractured skull. He was put to
i 'onohoe charged Linn with as
sault tO 111!.
Early la the morning Peters got out of
bed and said hi v. .is going home. The
r in charge told him it was danger
r him to do so. but did not attempt
train him, neither did he inform tne
police. Peters walked oat of the hospital.
and now nobody knows where the prose
g witness against Linn, charged with
.It to murder, is to be found. And
la why Captain Dunk-vy is calling
mi the Board of Health to-day.
■ Chief Wharfinger Scott is to
married next Thursday, so Saturday
night liis ba< helor friends bade him a
ai a banquet Riven in the
The affair was a big suc
and the presents bestowed upon the
to !■■•■ were much admired, in
front of Mr. Scott's plate was a small
marble monument bearing the following
inscription, "Sa< red to the memory of the
bai ). i Harry S. Scott. Ended
February 2, 1899. Rest in peace." The
guests were L. L. Mitchell, W. A. Clark.
K. N. Rusch, Captain E. E. Genereux.
William Abbott, E. B. Pond. George E.
•. E. H. Lake. W. J. Mogan, C. W.
•in-.. George \V. Hoot, A. \V. John
son. J. Chalfant, Merritt Robison. C.
Hey wood, T. T. Duncan, L. O. Haseltine.
€. P. Ross, A. F. Chapman. H. Nauman,
eorge French, L. H. Smith and C. A.
Judah.
Mr. Bcoti is to i>e married to Miss Edna
Lowell, daughter of Captain A. J. Lowell
>>f th.' lightship, next Thursday afternoon
*t Berkeley.
Th« steamer Peru arrived from Contra!
American ports late on Saturday night
with one of the largest cargoes t at ha:
ome from the isthmus. She connect
ed at Panama with the Alliance and 1-in
ind consequently brought along
both steamers' New York cargoes. Then
there was all the stuff from Guatemala,
B ilvador and Mexican ports that had
brought along, so every inch of
space in the Peru was taken up. Cabins
not In use were filled with goods, and the
steerage was chock-a-block. The Peru
also brought up $288,074 In specie, the bal
oi trade between the United States
and Central America.
The mark. tine; of the Hawaiian sugar
crop is going to keep a fleet of vessels busy
this year. The ship St. Francis, the bar/s
Nunana and Willscott ami the ships \V. K.
Babcock and Henry B. Hyde are going to
carry the Bweet stuff to New York, and
the Alden Bessie, Consuelo, Diamond
Head, J. C. Ptlugt-r. John r>. Bpreckels,
rrmgard. R. P. Rithet, S. C. Allen nd W.
11. Dimond are either loading or on their
way to San Francisco from Honolulu.
The AJoha Is now 23 days, Archer •_• days
and tne Mohican and Esther Buhue 13
days each out with sugar "'argoes. I.:(~t
reports from th*> Islands stated that the
Alice Cook. Spokane and Ananiba were
discharging thoir»lnward cargoes, and Hip
Dominion (iron). Fort George. Hawaiian
Si raw and Burgess. Woolara, Domin
ion (wood) and St. Catherine were all
waiting a chance to discharge and lead
sugar.
At Milo tho Roderick Dhu. Amy Turner,
Santiago and Falls of Clyde, and at Ka
imiui the Wrestler, Lurline and Mildred
are all awaiting cargoes, so there should
b< lots of sugar and molasses here in a
few weeks.
The British man-of-war Penguin ias
jusi returned to Sydney. N. S. \V. t after
taking a loi of soundings between the
island of Tonga and Auckland, New Zea
land. The officers found that Falcon
I.sland, that came suddenly up out of the.
ocean in 1881 la gradually going back
again. When the ofJleers of the Penguin
relocated it.-- position they found the is
land three fathoms under water. The of
ficers of the Penguin also succeeded in
taking the temperature of the ocean at
a greater depth than ever before. Jlith
erto when the thermometer got down a
certain distance it *broke. On this occa
sion the thermometer was sent down
47*^2 fathoms, where the temperature as
found to be 35.5 degrees, wnile on the sur
face of the water it was 82 degrees. This,
the officers of the Penguin assert, is the
iWpest ocean Bounding ever taken.
The steamer Noyo. which went on Dux
bury reef a coupl.- of weeks ago, is oeing
patched U]> in Oakland Creek. A new
keel and a new Btem are being put in,
and all her bottom planking will be re
placed. When that Ik done ahe will be
calked Inside and out, after which cne
will be as good as new.
Handball Players' Fast Work.
Professor John Klordan of the San- Francisco
Handball Court, ut sr,S Howard street, was in
his glory yesterday. There were numerous
contestant* and the warm day had the effect
of drawing Hurplus moisture from Jack"
Bonnett and J. C. Nealon on the las>t score of
the day. The players were in excellent trim
and every frame was well contested. Following
are the score*:
J. 14. Dockman and E. McDomma-h defeated
D. J. Hlieehan and E. Lyach. Bcor . U1 -14
17— It 21—12.
L. Waterman nr.tl N r . TiPrjer defeated T
Griffith and T. Quinn. Bcore: 21—11. 15—
21-19.
A. [nnerney and J. Condon defeated J. Mc-
Carthy and il. Busch. Bcore: 21— S io— ">\
21— 16. * * '
J. Dowllnp and M. Mcl.a<ipli|in defeated .T
■Unite and R. Uouinnn. Score: 21—17. 14— -m"
21—13.
T. Leach and J. Houan defeated v. Crawford
and J. Drew. Bcore: 21—14. IS— 2l. 21—20.
1;. Hutclilnsnn and M. Dillon il.Nmi.-.I P
Kelly and P. Hutchlnson. Score: 21—13 13— •>!
21—11.
D. RodlCT* and M. McNeil defeated G. Mc-
Dqnald and C llclilnnon. Beore: 21—10, B—2l,
*U. tejrli nml E. White defeated A. Wliiteman
and J. McGeaity. Bcore: 21—16. 18—21. 21—20.
T. I*. Uonnel and K. M. iii.ru >• defeated J.
Riordon and J C. Xealon. o<_ore: 21— 13 — 21
21— 11
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Tlu c h ami I-arkin sts. Hwimmins. Ri>nninn, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
DROVE HEAD ON
INTO A CAR
MD. HOWELL, and C. H. Wilson
were driving rapidly down the
grade on Bryant street, between
1 Second and Third, last evening,
and they ran head on into an eastbound
street car. The horse was knocked
down and the men thrown from the
buggy, but by the greatest good luck
neither was fatally injured. Wilson's
scalp was badly torn and he was stunned
by the fall on the cobblestones. His
wound is painful, but not serious. How
ell received a bad shaking up and was un
conscioua for several minutes. His in
juries, however, consist only of a few
bruises and a general soreness about the
chest and arms.
In the usual unaccountable manner the
THE MARIA KIP
ORPHANAGE IS
CONSECRATED
Closing Work of the
Episcopalians.
HOME NOW FREE OF DEBT
FOUR BISHOPS ASSISTED IN THE
CEREMONY.
Lady Managers Presented a Beauti
ful Silver Cross to Sister
Anna — Post Conven
tion Services.
Many of the distinguished clergymen
who attended the Episcopalian convention
last week remained in the city yesterday
to participate in several post-convention
ceremonies. While these services were not
a formal part of the convention work they
wore incidental to it and were in the na- '
ture of commemorative celebrations. The .
consecration of tne Maria Kip Orphanage !
was the most important and Impressive
ceremony of the day.
I^ast evening Lord Bishop Perrln of
British Columbia preached at Trinity, and j
a united service, at which Bishop Leonard j
of Utah presided, was held at the Cathe
dral Mission of the uood Samaritan, Sec
ond and Folsom streets. The latter wna
wholly choral. The consecrations at the j
Kip Orphanage were especially interest- i
ing because yesterday was the forty-fifth
anniversary of the arrival of Bishop Kip
In San Francisco. In his short address
Bishop Nichols contrasted the conditions
Of the church when Bishop Kip began his
labors here and those of to-day.
"When Bishop Kip sailed through the
Golden Gate on that Sabbath morning j
forty-five years ago," said his Grace, "he
had no thought that upon the barren sar.d
nill would one day be erected a beautiful
home for orphans which would bear th«
name of his beloved wife. But the char
itable women of the city have built this
Shelter, and with God's blessing upon it it
will endure forever."
The- orphanage is now free of debt and I
the collection yesterday is the nucleus of ■
an endowment fund whica the trustees
are now seeking to raise for the mainten
ance of the Institution.
The consecration ceremony was made :
Impressive by tne presence of four blsti
ops of the Episcopal church and a large |
number of the clergy. Delegations ironni
each paiish in the city were also present.
The services began at 3 o'clock and lasted
over an hour. After the invocation >jish
op Nichols spoke for a few minutes and
wan followed by Lord Bishop Perrin of '
Victoria, who talked to the children.
Bishop Leonard of Utah asked the bene- :
diction, and tho service closed with the
doxology by the assemblage. During the
consecration the children of the orphan- |
age sang several hy;nr.s.
Just before the audience dispersed Blsh- ;
op Nichols, on behalf of tr.e lady man- j
agers of the orphanage, presented a beau- i
tif ut silver cross to Sister Anna, the man
ager of the home.
The clerffy who participated in the ser
vice were: Bishop Nichols of California,
Bishop Leonard of Utah, Bishop More- ;
land of the Sacramento diocese. Lord
Bishop Parrln of British Columbia find
Revs. Drs. Foute. Spauldinn. MeClure,
COoke. Shaw. San ford. Kip. Church, Par
rott and Riley. There are now US r iris at
the orphanage.
Bishop Nichols last evening reviewed
the work of the Episcopalian convention
just closed in these words:
"The convention was most satisfactory i
to us all. Very little time was spent on
unimportant matters, and the real church
work was entered into with good spirit. '
(if course, our convention was almost
wholly routine, but aside from the formal
proceedings therewere many pleasant and
profitable Incidents to relieve the monot
ony, if there was any. A memorable event
Indirectly connected with the convention
T\ns tbe consecration of Bishop Morelacd.
"The most important specili. work done
was the changing of San Joaquin County
from t'nt San Francisco convocation to the
convocation of San Joaquln. Reports of
missionaries throi ghout the State were
. :ul In tone, in spite of the narrow
conditions produced l>\ the drought and
other misfortunes which afflicted tbe
good people of the interior. The future of
our church is brighter than ever, and the
clergy who attended the convention re
turn to their respective Beids of labor
wit-h renewed vigor and courage."
The Easis of Corruption.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson preached Sunday
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
A Reckless Jehu
and Companion
Receive a Bad
Spill on Bry
ant street.
O . H • \-/j •— s o r-"*. "
horse got under the car after the col
lision and it was necessary to lift one end
of the car and push it back to release the
kicking animal from its peculiar imprison
ment. Another strange circumstance is
that the only damage to the buggy is a
broken shaft, file end of which tore
through the skin on the side of the horse,
making a wicked-looking wound. The rig
belonged to Cole, the Third-street livery
man. The front end of the car was
smashed in.
The accident was wholly due to the
carelessness of the man driving the
horse. He bad ample room to turn out.
but did not do so. The car was running
full speed at the time, and the motor
man. John McSberry, naturally thought
the rig would get out of the car track.
Wilson and Howell wore taken to the
Receiving Hospital for repairs.
'vi ning at the Howard-street M. E.
Church on "The Basis of Municipal and
State Corruption." This foundation stone
of public Ills, he held, was the saloon. In
this place where men steeped their moral
Bense in the degradation of tipple, were |
hatched the foul plots that beslimed the \
body politic. If parties could be bnllded '
up in the corner groggery. if issue's could :
flow from the gin barrel, how and where
could political purity be found. In every
city where ruled a boss ih.it bos* was the
offspring of the saloon. It is always the
saloon that takes an important part In
the political progress of city and State.
CONVEI. 2ION OF ST. PAUL.
The Rev. Father McCorry 't- Sermon at
St. MaryV Church.
The Rev. Father McCorry delivered a
stirring sormnn last evening to a large
congregation at St. Mary's Church on the
conversion of St. Paul. "Saul: Saul! why
persecuteth thou me?" was the text se
lected by the reverend father for the oc
casion.
"Damascus is still a city to-day," he
said, "with a population of over 130,000,
but in the days of St. Paul it was the
grandest city in existence. St. Paul was
hurrying there to do all in his power to
persecute the Christians, kill all of them
he* could and throw the rest into dark
dungeons. He had almost reached the
end of his journey, Damascus was in
sight, when suddenly fi->/m the heavens
comes a burst of light and behind it
Jesus appears and in a loud voice ex
claims: 'Saul! Saul! why persecuteth
thou me?' St. Paul is thrown to the
ground from his horse, but when ho arises
he is a different man. and whereas before
he was the greatest enemy of the Chris
tians he now becomes the greatest cham
pion of Jesus.
"The first lesson we Wirn from the
conversion of St. Paul Is that God speaks
to us and that we should answes and
obey him when he calls us. Secondly, you
hear people of to-day say that religion is
only good for women and children. Tf a
man with such a great mind as St. Paul
had become converted surely we should.
Finally no doubt St. Paul had heard of
Jesus and also of his great kindness.
Possibly some friend of his had been
healed from slcknes through Jesus or St.
PatU might have been given a description
of Jesus' death by one who was present
and really knew that Jesus was the son
of God, and only wanted a word from
Jesus to bid him follow him."
GIBBS STRICKEN
WITH PARALYSIS
A SLIGHT ATTACK CAME SUD-
DENLY FRIDAY NIGHT.
His Physician Says Quiet and Rest
Will Bring a Complete
Recovery.
J. D. Gibbr., the promoter of prize fights,
was stricken with a slight paralytic
stroke Friday night and is now at home
confined to his bed. His condition is so
far Improved, however, that the attend
ant physician, Dr. Thorn, presages a
speedy recovery.
On Friday Olbbs first noticed the
change In his condition, but deeming it
lemporarj , neglected medical treatment.
On Friday night the shock came, affecting
his left side. The following day he con- '
suited his physician and fainted away in
his presence. He was taken to his home
at once.
The friends of the well-know match
maker have been solicitous about hl.s con
dition and will be pleased to hear that
his illness Is not so serious as was lirsi
reported. Dr. Thorn expects to have his
patient on tho street in a few days.
ABOLISHING CHURCH TAXES.
Example Set by Artaxerxes, Pagan
King of Babylon.
I At the Hamilton-square Baptist Church
! on Post street, near Stelner, Rev. W. E.
Jenkins preached a sermon in which he
advocated the passage of the bill ex- ;
cniptins the taxation of churches r.ow i
pending in the Legislature. He very aptly
1 took for his text the order of Artaxerxes,
KinK of Babylon, exempting the captive
■ Israelites from taxation as they were re
turning home to distant Jerusalem to re
build their temple.
Dr. Jenkins argued that if the idola
trous Persian monarch could abolish tne
Government taxes of his captives an.,
permit them to depart a free people i-ora
his realms, could not a Christian Govern
ment lift the same burdens from the im
poverished Christian churches?
The Christian population of a State is
not bard to govern, he said. "Not very
much public money is expended on the
keeping of the law among church mem
bers. The jails are not Oiled with a Chris
tian class. Christianity maintains the i
peace. The religious faith of this country
has made and upholds the 'lovernment. \
It Is the duty of the State to remove I
every obstruction from the propagation
of Christian precepts. The State owes'
this to Itself. The pagan Persian has set '
California an example.
The churi h dues not ask that Its prop- I
; erty he exempted from taxation— only
ARMED CROOKS
TAKEN WITHOUT
A STRUGGLE
Robbed at Least a
Dozen Houses.
VALUABLE BOOTY RECJVERED
THREE OF THE DESPERATE
GANG ARE BROTHERS.
Detectives Ryan and O'D^a Also Ar
rest a Chinaman to Whom
They Sold Their
Plunder.
Through the efforts of Detectives Ryan
and ODea four of the most desperate
burglars that ever operated in this §tty
are behind prison bars. They were ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morn-
Ins and taken to the City Prison. Three
of the pans are brothers. Their names:
are Pat. Albert and O. J. Danis, all of
whom are well known to the police. Their
accomplice is William Green, who recent
ly graduated from the Reform School at
lone.
When taken into custody Green and Pat
Danis. who is known as "Black Pat, had j
In their possession three murderous look- I
Ing revolvers, several knives and a miscel
laneous assortment of skeleton keys.
During the past few weeks the men
have committed at least a dozen burglar
ies. So bold were their operations that
nearly the entire detective force was put
on their track, but the burglars managed
to elude them.
Several days ago Detectives Ryan and
] ODea of the Southern station found sev
■ eral hundred dollars' worth of stuff that
i had been stolen by the quartet, and after
obtaining only a meager description of
i them started out to find them.
It was not until yesterday morning that
their efforts proved successful. Pat
Danis and his brother, Albert, were dis
covered in a lodging house at 17 Howard
street. The detectives, knowing the dcs- |
perate character of the men. promptly
covered them with their revolvers, after
ordering them to throw up their hands.
! Realizing that resistance was futile they |
promptly obeyed the command and sub
. mltted to arrest.
| Green was found in a lodging house at
j Pacific and Stockton streets, engaged in
' smokng opium.
He attempted to reach for his revolver
when the detectives entered his room, but j
', \v;?s quickly seized and handcuffed. O. J. '
, Danis was' found In a saloon on Third '
! street. He offered no resistance and was
at once taken 1 to the City Prison.
On January 13 the quartet of burglars
1 entered the Maybell House at Grove
i street and Van Ness avenue, through the [
basement, and breaking into the room oc- !
cupied by Mrs. it.'iuon, the proprietress,
and her "two daughters, got away with a
large quantity of wearing apparel. On ,
the following day they drove up to the !
residence of Mrs. Lowell at 1221 Mission ;
street, in a wagon, and forcing an en- i
trance to the house stole a trunk contain
ing about i*>o worth of dress goods and
other wearing apparel. They placed the
trunk in their wagon and drove to a lodg- ,
ing house at HHB Folsom street, where I
i they broke it open. Subsequently they j
| sold the content* of the trunk to a second
' hand dealer on Folsom street.
On January 24 they visited a store kept
by Mrs. Dorman at 139 Third street, and |
I while two of them engaged the proprie
-1 tress in conversation Green inserted his
hand in the show case and stole eight
watches and five gold rings. A short trme ;
\ afterward they worked a similar trick on j
I Mrs. Tannebaum, who conducts a pawn
Bhpp at 21" Third street, getting away
with nine watches and several gold rings.
The men are also accused of entering the ;
Hotel Stewart, at Kills and Leavenworth ;
' streets, and stealing four valuable over
coats wheh they sold to a second-hand
dealer on Howard street. There are a
■ number of other burglaries which the po- I
lice say were committed by the gang.
Ryan and ODea have recovered a large i
portion of the property stolen by the prls- j
oners. They found the watches which I
were taken' by the thieves from the two
i stores on Third street, in a Chinese pawn
shop on Stockton street. The proprietor
of the store was arrested and charged
with receiving stolen property. The de
tectives also recovered a trunk, which
' contains a silk waist, with one sleeve un
• finished; two drosses, three silver knives.
live silver forks and several spoons. They
| would like to find the owner of the trunk. I
Since January 17 Ryan and ODea have i
arrested thirteen burglars, a record of |
which they justly feel proud.
OVER THE TEN.iS N*".'.
Ladies' Tournament to Be Hsli on
the California Courts.
"While many players have visited tho
lawn-tennia courts of the California Club
during the past two days, the unusual
heat has induced a desire to sit around
and watch others pursue tho swiftly fly-
Ing ball. The following are the principal
games which have been played:
J Daily beat Harvey AValter two sets. Score,
6-1 6-3. " \V. S. McCavln beat Arthur Chese
tirough three sets. Score, 6-4, 7-."., 6-3. G. F.
Whitney beat "Professor" Dally 3-2. the set
not- belns? finished. . G. F. Whitney, beat Grant
Smith one set. Score, 6-2. J. Dally boat J. D.
McGavin one set. Score, 6-4. .J. D. McGavln
betft Grant Smith on- set. Score. 6-3. G. F.
Whitney and Ralph B'.iven beat Dr. Root aiid
Harvey Walter three sets. Score. 8-4, 7-3. 6-4.
1' Lo'nß defeated M. Lon^ two sets out .of
th-ee Score,' 0-3, 4-fi. 6-2. William - Lalull-y
and Hnrvey Walter defeated A. Ruckley and J.
Dally one set.' Score. 6-4. A. Buckley and H.
Walter defeated I. Dally and William Landry
one set.' Score, 8-6. . ...... ;'.' «
On Wednesday, February Ist. there will
lie a ladles'tournament, doubles, beginning
at 10-20 a. m. Prizes will be given to the
winning team by the club directors. The
games will be the best out ot three Bets.
ladles who cannot get to thi; courts in
the morning may play out their games in
the afternoon— there will be no difficulty
because a team cannot be on hand in the
forennon.
The next few days will see a large num
ber of players out on the cunts, so long
as the present warm weather continues.
These are idertl lawn-tennis days— the air
clear, the light good and the atmosphere
ca!m.
RUSKIN AND RELIGION.
Rev. William Racier Lect-.res to a
Large Audience.
A lecture by Rev. William Ruder on
; "Ruskln and Religion" catUKd all the
seats to be tilled at the Third CongTtffa
! tional Church last evening. The discourse
was a scholarly analysis of Ruskin's style
and quality, testifying tho speaker's ap
preciation of the artist-writer's work.
Art in music, painting, sculpture and
literature was provisionally defined as the
reproduction of nature with the added
i portrayal of nature's soul.
"No man," MMd the speaket. "is a true
artist who dees not set' in what he studies
I something of the purpose of the Creator.
I This quality is manifest in all of Ruskin's
! work. To him a yellow primrose by the
river's brim could teach lessons of
wondrous things, and the fossil animal
culae in a piece of chalk could tell the
! story of creation.
! •"Ruskin's clear and piercing mental
i vision, his marked personality, freedom
from conventional forms and absolute in
dependence or Intellect wen- doubtless
largely if not entirely due to the facts
that in hi? infancy and childhood he had
! scarcely any companions but his father
1 and mother. Themselves persons of .«u
--; pertor intellect, they led him from the
i t'sual vagaries of youth into channels of
| thought that are customarily followed
1 by mature minds."
! "Mr. Rader will lecture on "Whittler"
| next Sunday evening.
CELEBRATION
OF THE FEAST
OF ST. PAUL
Impressive Services
at St. Mary's.
SERMON BY REV. C. A. RAMM
solemn high mass said by
father doherty.
Mozart's Great Composition Chanted
by an Augmented Cnoir Un
der the Direction of Miss
Georgiana.
The feast of t. - conversion of St. Paul,
the patronal feast of the Paulist com
munity, was solemnly and Impressively
! commemorated yesterday at St. Mary's
| Church. People from all parts of the city
I flocked to the church to attend the an
| nual services In honor of one of the great
est saints of the Catholic church. The
services were begun with the celebration
of solemn high mass at 11 o'clock by Rev.
Francis Brooke Doherty, C. S. P.. assist
ed by Rev. J. MacCorry as deacon and
Father Thayer as sub-deacon; Rev. vV.
Hopper assisted as master of ceremonies.
immediately after the first gospel an elo
quent panegyric was pronounced by i^ev.
C. A. Ramm of St. Mary's Cathedral.
He paid the highest tribute to the patron
saint, citing his life work and struggles
in behalf of God and his fellow man, and
outlining vividly his characteristics, both
mental and physical. The reason why j
God undoubtedly singled out St. Paul to j
fulfill the mission of converting the Gen
tiles and teaching them his gospel was
given briefly.
"It was his sympathy that was the key
note to his inlluence," said the preacher.
"By it he won the hearts of men and ful
filled the mission that God inspired w.th
in him.
"Paul's adaptability for his work," he
continued, "was a result and consequence
of natural gifts. He combined with a
transcendent pity the love of man. He
had that faculty of spreading the doc
trihos and teachings of the church, and at
the .same tin c •• walking among men as
••n ; of itiem. In fact, a true conception of
his character can be had when we say.
ti.'t he was Intensely human. He loved
iiiankind as much as he did himself. From
these traits you can clearly see why God
i ti"se at d • ngled him out to spread his
gospel among those indisposed to accept
it • r antagonistic to ft. He knew tue
work, and knew, consequently, the prej
udice the heathen world had against
Christianity."
The speaker dwelt at length on the pi
ety, energy and ability of Paul, declaring
that his successors were posse?sed of tne
same ciualit ; es. He sp-»t. of (he primary
and original object of these successors of
their illustrious founder— that of con
verting unbelievers to the true faith.
"The gift of faith," he said, "is more
than a gift to us; it is a sacred trust.
Every man who lives in the true faith
should be actuated by the ambition to
bring other souls within the true fold that
they might share the same happiness and
glory in the world to come. We must
diffuse God"s light and spread his faith.
By this, our endeavor to bring souls
within the pale of our teachings and our
doctrines, let no man wrongly under
stand that the Catholic church wants and
is earnestly striving to gather together as
many converts as possible simply for Its
own interest.
"In conclusion 1 would say let us go
about the world as Paul did, doing good
to our fellow mon and spreading his
teachings and his gospel in their inter
ests. The conclusion that we must all
come to is that We must guide people,
and in order to do this we need some man
from God."
Mozart's Twelfth Mass was chanted by
an augmented choir undf-r the direction of
Orgftnlst Miss Georgiaiia. In addition to
the organ accompaniment, there was in
strumental music by the orchestra from
the California Theater, under the direc
tion of its leader, Professor Eugene
Schmitz.
The principal singers in the choir are as
follows: Sopranos— Mrs. Summers, Mrs.
Deirnan, Miss Panba, Miss Hlggins, .Miss
n'Hrieti, Miss Norton, Miss Short, Mis*
M. Johnson, Miss N. Johnson, Miss Katie
Duffey. Miss L. Devlne, Miss Sibyl To
nini. Miss Elvira Tonini, Miss Romllda
i Tonini, Mrs. and Miss Brennan; con
traltos—Miss Josephine Murphy, Miss
Etta O'Brien, Miss Jennie Jehu. Miss
, Nellie Foordi, Miss Charlotte Johnston,
; Miss Emma Niconia and Mrs. Hart;
tenors— Charles Goelting and Messrs.
Morris, Berenda. Moore and Lane;
bassos— William Gordon, William O'Brien.
Daniel Sheerin, Dennis Sheerin and John
Doherty.
Following were the principal soloists:
Soprano, Mme. Emerich; contraltos. Miss
Josephine Murphy and Miss Etta O'Brien;
tenur, Charles Goelting; basso, William
I Gordan.
Among- the priests who occupied seats
of honor in the sanctuary was Father
Allan of St. Ignatius Church.
KACING AT OAKLAND.
The Speedy Montana Filly Ella Bo-
land Will Again Sport Silk
This Afternoon.
A-nong the features of the racing card at
Oakland this afternoon is the two-year-ol<l
event. The fast Montana- flHy, • KHa Bolnnrl.
is again entered, and will endeavor to make
It three straight. The entries are as follows:
Firnt Tlace— Six furlongs; three-year-olds ahd
up; st'llliiK:
• 295 Wlldflower 107 £93 Don Luis ;..:.. llfi
f.SB Defender 119 572 Scholtz;.... 117
655 Magnus 11l ... Initiator 109
640 Cyaro IC6 487 SCetli Z'em ..... . 104
563 Averlne 104 D*S Con - Dalton 94
... Roadrunner -....i22 ...'Madrone :;....\.llf)
653 Col. Dan 114 583 R. L. Angeles. .ll4
467 Tony Licalzl.... 106 ... N'uncomar lia
Second Race— Six furlongst; , three-year-olds:
... Gualala »t 590 Llmewater 112
f>s7 <'rofsmollna ....102 58< Uenua *...-... ..%-wg
500 Obsidian 112 (6Oo)Malay in.i
310 Petal IC2J 06» La,vator 109
(576)nacivan" 1041 '" -' ' '
Third Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds: ' .' V..* '"'■>"'
4C3 Infinity 90 (SB9)EIIa Boland ...100
..: I'ldHlla 10» . 559 Innovator ......I(J4
r.fifi nathos ■ 102 ... Mortgage 10X
58'J l'restome 112 • ... Belle Palo Alto.lOO
566 Nomadic 102' '
Fourth Race— Entries' close at Oakland Mon
day morning: : ;■: • ; v -■ .■ . '. V '\':
F;fth nace— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
arid up; selllnß: ._,... 4 ■. •
HT Alicia .:. .'lls| 574 Frohm'an 104
670 N< mo Such ■ .....100 ! 573 Rosemald .. »R
(Ms)Helgh Ho 9X 1 357 Benuinela 103
nf,3 Kapisln 103 r.42 Topmast ltfi
MS -Col* 101 570 Lomo v 103
543 Lady. Britannic.lol- (379)Castake ' 10(>
579 New; Moon 104, ;  ■ , :. - ;
Sixth Race— Futurity course; selling; . three
year-olds and up: '•: '■' ' \ :
513 gfttnitay .......120 i:,2 Dick Warren ..117
58S Hey Hooker 104 593 Nora ' lyes .'. "94
677 Fly 112 434 Howard. 117
587 RUthlADd Hu11. ..118 688 Clnrando ....... M
SSS Favercham 104 t73 Cyril 115
087 Mldlight ■■......110 .
Selections for, To-Day.
First Uace— Tony Llcalzi, Don Luis. Defender.
Second Race— Obsidian, Lavator, Llmewater.
Third Race— Ella Boland,' Innovator, Eathos.
Fourth Race— Entries not at hand.
Fifth Race— Benamela, Frohman, Heigh Ho.
Sixth ' Race— Mldllght^ Cyril. Rey Hooker. ' !
Tried to Teal His Watch.
L. Pierce, a sailor, was arrested at an
early hour yesterday morning and wan
charged with an attempt to commit rob
bery. He is accused by Carl Linn of try
ingto rob him of his gold watch, while he
wus walking along Folsom street, near
Becortd. Linn is a sallmaker on the Brit
ish ship General.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ...... TT.
CITY OF Ijjl PARIS
DRY GOODS GO7V\F»/\NY.
CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
S Broken Lines of Tapestry Portieres,
0 Former prices $3.75 and $4.00, •
I To Close at $2.50 Per Pair. |
• Odd pairs of PORTIERES in Tapestry %
% and Chenille to close at HALF PRICE. •
• One and two pair lots of LACE CURTAINS in all qualities to •
c close at great reductions. #
...REMNANTS OF 1 ...
• TAPESTRIES, CORDUROYS, INDIA SILKS and FISHNETS J
S at less than HALF PRICE.
€•••*••••••••*•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
S7P s'!' KSTi I ?"Ei
jg^^j^^^ A cold is danger-
Js&2J6gilJMfflL ous. Don't lot It
MggM&fKsSM K<>t tho start of .you.
§&/' "*^Kfi|» A few d SCS Ot my
t^a 3*s§i lirenk tip any form
EBJ S3si*'-45f'S$ter °' (>o ' ( ' '" a * ew
vj» *"^s* t?§#P hours and prevent
\. '. it^r grippe, diphtheria j
X /i<Ebifif IIU( puP'inionln. It S
-feh-.'^i«St» should be in every
'"^^^^TfflljlL homo and every vest
At sll dra(f«lst»,'2Cc. a \Jal.' Guide to Health
I'M V«»l|rnl n.lvlco f rep, MW A-f ** ''''"?, ,
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
% AND
CARPETS !
I
A tremendous line of all grades of FURNI- I
[ TURE, CARPETS, ETC.. Just arrived too late ]
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over- I
crowded -xp have marked all goods at aston- i
ißhingly low prices for the month of January. |
Call and convince yourselves.
Liberal credit to all.
T. B. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR ARONSON FURNITURE CO.
3SS and 340 Post st., bet. Stockton and Powell.
Tel. Main 1850. Free delivery across the bay.
Use Use
Woodbury's j^^l Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream.
Scalp diseases, falling hair, baldness, prema-
ture grayness quickly cured. arTid the luster,
natural growth and color, restored by JOHN'H.
WOODBURY. 20 \V. 2M St., New York, and
163 State St., Chicago. Send i'J cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample of Soap and Cream,
free. __ ...
Eyeglass
Impressions
Need not be sore. The new clip rests on the
nose softly, gently, pleasantly, never pinching
or slipping. Attached for iiOc. Aurocone Spec-
tacles do not hurt behind the ears. '
Oculists Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
' ' ; " x "" ._ ■
OPTICtANS^ n^REMO- p OCo
• . KOD CAMEF»A NC y. . '
642 Market .Sf/f^OTDORAPHIC
UMDtR CMftOMiCU BUILDIMfr-* . • SllPPt IF«.
j G»T»IO6tK F*lt. ,- r--r£'"'
■^|||3|||N|l^ Doctor
! JjlP^^ll MEYERS
]B? *3l^Kt\ s P eclallsts for Hen
wi "l^^^V^yt Tl'*»«phy»lciana have been
' V ItfaV r ''"Ud ailment* afnfe 1881.
' w '/ 4/sft^^it h<!} bave the largrtt ami
£&k\, t^^KW^^ nn'tMll'ahuiiM write for !3-
CBTABLISHCD 17 YEARS. _. Atl. FREE.
- • . Thon«»nds cured at homf.
Aii lnten confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
7QI MAHKF.T ST., ) V 1 _.
ICI SAN riuscisco r Elev * tor Entrance
|P%9tt|{|Hßßfl| and Morphine Habits
I B ■■ ■ Bbl or v " P ar<icu ' ars an d
INDIAN OPIUM CURE. B. D. KIMMIS.
201 Turk St., 6an Francisco. •
CONCEETS AND BESOBTS
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Monday and Wednesday evenings and Satur-
| day afternoon, February 6, -8 and 11.
| -^J^ I "*^ MADAME TEFt&.9A /jf* 3Bl <&* k
CarrenO
WORLD'S GREATEST. PIANISTE!
Seats on sale this morning." 9 o'clock, at the
San Francisco Music Co., 225 Sutter otreet.
PRICES V. .....?1. $150. $2. •
CIIICKERING PIANO USED.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JCCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting IS9S-59. beginning MONDAY.
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY. Feb. 4. inclusive.
OAKLAND RACt TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday 1 and Saturday. Rain or shine. .
FIVE OR MORE RACES. EACH DAY.
Racfs Start at 2:10 m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. l:?. 0. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains FtoppinG at the entrance to the
I Track. Buy you:- ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:13
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President. -
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. > ;■}
• .THE.,
S I rrri rLiiASr
At CENTRAL PARK.
( A HUGE SUCCESS.
• OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 1L '
EVERYBODY RIDES. -,
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HOR3E3.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE ONLY NOVELTY IN TOWN.
George 11. Broadhursfs Mirthful .Plenitude,
/wHY\ a fire^ st
b Cast
SS9 BPB QCT3
I LEFT I AIL i
\H®SfIE/ ARBUCKLE.
COLUMBIA v^
THIRD ANDTAST WEEK.
6 NIGHTS AND MATINEE SATURDAY.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
FRANK DANIELS
And His Ccmlc Opera Company,
In the Season's Greatest Hit.
riTLi rz
• ••111 • »
IDOL'S EYE.
NEXT MONDAY,
LOUIS JAINE.-.
KATHRYN KIDDER,
' FREDERICK WARDE
T— NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS!— 7
The High-Class Comedy Artists. . . .
MILTON AND DOLLY NOBLES.
In the Roarinsr Farce, "Why Walker
Reformed."
The European Concert Star, GIACINTA
DELLA ROCCO, Celebrated Violinlste.
DERENDA AND BREEN, Club Jugglers.
WILLIE OZEOLA. Balancing Acrobat.
Rice's Rag-time Opera, "CLORINDY." '
WILSON AND LEICESTER. Operatic Stars.
MAX CINCINATI and MUSICAL AVOLOS.
Xylophone Wonders.
Reserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT SH|
i ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
BEAUTIFUL COMEDY DRAMA,
PEACEFUL
VALLEY!
Alt PRICES igg
Next Week— «'A BACHELOR'S HONEY-
MOON. I .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mfi>
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK, '
Offenbach's Celebrated Comic Opera,
"LA PERICHOLE"
(The Street Singer).
Presented with the Strongest Singing Company
in America. - ..- ,Tv
Enlarged Chorus! Augmented Orchestra!
Beautiful Costumes'.
MATINEE EV2RY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— The Comedy Opera. "MADELEINE.
OR THK MAGIC KISS." by STANGE and
EDWARDS, authors and composers of "THE
WEDDING DAY." _
POPULAR PRICES.. 25c and 50c
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee... 2sc
Our Telephone. Bush 9. '
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENIKO
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATERI
. PIANKA,
THE "LADY OF : LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF 2 CONTINENTS.
VOULETTI and CARLOS, Gymnasts an*
Acrobats: WESTON and HERBERT, Musfcal
Comedians
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES!
SEE W/IW. SAPP,
THE OSSIFIED MAN. . '
. ALMOST MADE OF MARBLE. " .:
THURSDAY— Amateur Amazon March
10c, , Including Zoo and Theater: Children, r.c.
gygr YITALIS
timr ioth d»j. s-j|l y rncnUnn
VITALIS MhX)z: ■•*•«- m DCUCnV
PROntl THK AIIOTE 30th Day. llElfll-IJIII
RESf LTB. It quUkljr * surely removes ServousnoM, Im j.ot«ney,
Mfhily Eminion*. EtU Drra.ns Waitin; Disfajrs »nd all tffaeta
of r.rif-abiu* or rzcrss and m-liiTf tion. R«tore> I^st Tit«lity,
Power and Failin M»roor>-. Ward* nff Insanity an^ Coniminp-
Mon. Cores when all othen fail. Insist on h«in» VITAI.IS,
no other. C«n be carried in the vest pocket. By mail (1.00
per pitrkaiv or six for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure «r
Kefnitd the Monrr. Circular Free. Addre>« • .--■■
•JALt'MKT CI'RE CO., 884 nearborn St., CUea«*
Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
W/.T.HESS,
IOTAKT PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT tkW.
Ter.th Fluor, Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bl3*
- ■ Telephone Brown 931. ■
Residence. 821 California St.. below POTMIt,
[ Ean Francisco.
56
ROCKET WINS
FURTHER FAME
AND FORTUNE
Lands the Open Stake
at lngleside.
SOME HAIR-RAISING COURSING
MAGGIE N OUTBUx-S SAPLING
STAKE ENTRIES.
A Tremendous Crowd Witnesses Two
Gruelling Exhibitions — The
Weather Was Perfect and
the Sport Exciting.
A complicated car.', that even puzzled
BUCh • i S Steward Hainin, Field
Steward McHugta Bind Judge Grace, two
gruelling and s< ea and a
tremendous crowd wer* the features at
\. re were many
other Incidents ut those enum
-1 were the I The condition
i whs due to the numerous en
. ::•.. r. ; but through the
■■:" Mr. Eialpln, the record
breaking *ta.kL was run through without
a hitch.
■ 'Yesterday was an ideal day for specta
tors. Five thousand availed themselves
of the opportunity of witnessing the <.\
--citing sport. They were not disappointed.
They saw two of the longest courses ever
run at Ingleside. The hares were in me
fettl< . and ive their natural enemies
plenty of exercise.
■ Dean's Bpeedy Connemara and Rathbc >
were slipped to a '"jack" from tnc wilds
of Kern County. The dogs chased tneir
prey up and down the lielu for live nnn
utes and twenty-on< seconds amid the
t-houts of encouragement fr<jm the packed
grand stand and betting ring. At the
completion of the run both dogs dropped
from sheer exhaustion. This was repeated
some time later, when Fox Kenny and
Brutus trailed lull speed after a "jack"
Tor four minutes and live seconds. .Both
dogs closely followed their tricky prey
with determination, and the "jack," ree-
Ing there was no hope to escape, gave up
the battle and was crunched between the
jaws of his relentless pursuers. Conne
mara and Fox Kenny, tne winners in t..e
above courses, were withdrawn by their
humane owners.
The form displayed by Mr. Deckelman's
entries redounds to the credit of his train
ers, Geary and Kellogg. The dogs ani
bitches entered showed up well in every
round and earned fame and coin for their
masters and trainers. The work of Mira
Monte, the runner-up to his victorious
kennel mate Rocket, was greeted with ap
plause by those present. His tremendous
drives and snappy pickups bordered on
the sensational.
Betting, as is usual, was extremely
heavy. Favorites enjoyed good fortune
during the entire day. Shortenders landed
at various times, but not with enough fre
quency to bring forth the shouts of toy
from those who played them.
• Following is the way tne dogs ran and
the number of points scored by each:
Sapling stake, second round— J. H. I'erigo's
Bohe beat E. Burmeister's Winning A\ ays,
ecore -3; J. H. Perigos Lady Davenport beat
Jim Mooney'B Silent Treasure, s—o; J. Ken
nedy's Ever Shore beat Kelly & Hanley's Baby
King, 10—3; E. Burmeister Warrior beat Doc
I'lke's Nancy R. •— D. Healey's Maggie N
beat J. Kennedy's Night Time, B—2.
Third round— Bohe beat Ever Shore. 5—3;
Lady. Davenport beat "Warrior, s—o; Maggie N
ran a bye with Silent Treasure and beat her.
Fourth round— N beat Bohe, 4-2;
Lady Davenport a bye with Winning \\ay»
and the latter won. B—6.
Final— Maggie N beat Lady Davenport. 4—l.
Open stake, second round— G. Reddy's Bernlce |
beat H. A. Deckelman's Old Glory, »con 4—2;
H. A. Deckelman's Fox Kenny beat Dennis .*
Porter's Interesting. 10—7; H. A. Deckelman's
Mlra Monte beat G. Lahussen's Fireball, 4—.';
J. P. Thrift's Brutus beat D. Hooper's Koo
Lawn, 4—l; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe beat
D. Hooper's Bendalong. 3^ 2 — 2<i; J- H. Perigo's
Beile Seward beat Russell & Wilson's Lady
Herechel. 6—4: Hurley & Reilly's O. K. Capi
tol beat J. Farley's Tullamore, T— s; H. A.
Deckelman's Rocket beat T. Welch's States
man, 4—3; E. Burmeister's O'Grady beat Lon
•don & McCollough's Magnet, 10—4; H. Weber's
Montana beat T. Hall's Florence. S— s; Curtis
A Son's Cavalier beat Bartels Brothers' Rest
Assured. 6—3; J. Shea's Young America beat
J. Keenan's Flyinjr Buck. 4—l: J. Shea's Rath
bone beat D. J. Healy's Rusty Gold, 7— J.
Dean's Connemars beat J. P. Thrift's Forget,
4— 2; J. Byrne's Irma beat Gibson 6c Moore's
Decency. 6—3: J. Keenan'e Royal Buck beat i
F. Murphy's Gild Edge, 7—3; D. Healy's Match
lesa beat H. Lynch' » Mystic Maid, 7—5; Kay
& Trant's Crosspatch beat T. F. Logan's Mi.-s
Grizzle. 4— «.
Third round— Brutue beat Old Glory, 11—4;
Fox Kenny beat Belle Seward, 4—2; Mira Monte
beat O. K. Capitol. '.—0: Glen Chloe beat
O'Grady. 9—l: Rocket beat Montana. 7—2;
Young America beat Cavalier. 4—l: Connemara
beat Rathbone. 31—2. time 5:21; Royal Buck
bi-at Irma, 9—7; Crosspatch beat Matchless,
JO— 3.
Fourth round— Fox Kenny beat Brutus, 24—19,
t'..m.> 4:06; Mira Monte beat Young America,
2_o; Glen Chloe ran a bye with and beat Old
Glory, 11—5: Rocket beat Royal Buck. S— 2; |
Crosspatch ran a bye with Diana and the lat
tf-r won, 10 7.
Fifth round— Monte beat Glen Chloe,
T,— o; Crosspatch an nccldental bye with and
b.-'nt Koo Lawn, If*— 7; Rocket ran a bye and
boat ret Kirby. 9— S. .
Blsth roun'l— Mira Monte ran a bye with Koo
Lawn ami the '.attor won. 6—3; Rocket beat
(■"r^sonat^n. R — 3.
Final— necket ea! M!m M rnte, 4—3.
At Union Coursing Park.
Jennie Wilson won the open stake at !
Vr.ion Park yesterday and Said Pasha
the consolation stake. The results were
ns= .follows:
Open Hake, first round— Maud S beat Eclipse;
r-r.-iwford Braes beat Precita Girl : Morning
<;i, > boat Woodbyne; Hurricane beat Ida;
Fedora beat Arab; Beauty Spot beat Maid of
Ball: Santa Alicia beat Newsboy; Rosebud beat
- Hattle; Lalla Rookh beat Fireman; Jennie Wll
son beat Ski; Log Boy beat The Devil; Emln
■ Pasha beat White Uly: Snapshot beat Me
tallic: Sunburst beat White Chief; Thornhlll
beat Lord Seattercash; Commodore Nash beat
Pretender: Forget-Me-Not beat Hadlwist; Susie I
beat Wild Larelc.
Second round— Maud S beat Crawford Braes;
Hurricane beat Homing Glory: Beauty Spot
beat Fedora; Rosebud beat Santa Alicia; Jen
nie Wilson beat Lalla Rookh; Emtn Pasha beat
Log Boy; Sunburst rip a bye: Thornhill beat
Commodore Nash; Susie beat Forget-Me-Not.
Third round— Maud S beat Hurricane; Rose
bud beat Beauty Spot; Jennie Wilson beat Emln
Pasha; Thornhill beat Sunburst; Susie ran a
bye.
Fourth round— S beat Rosebud; Jennie
Wilson beat Susie; Thornhill ran a bye.
Fifth Thornhill beat Maud S; Jennie
Wilson ran a bye.
Final— Jennie Wilson beat Thornhill. '
Consolation stake, first round— Tip beat
Tic Tao; Woodbyne beat Eclipse; Hadlwist beat
Pocahontas: Said Pasha beat Bona Dea.
Second Hadlwist beat White Tip; Said
Pasha b*at Woodbyne.
Final-Said Pasha beat Hadlwist.
Tip Won at Stcckton.
FTOCKTOX. Jan. 29.— The results of the
coursing at Good Water Grove to-day were:
Thirty-dog stake— Mystery beat Alma; Tippe
rary Lass beat Swiftxvater Bill: Dukf> of Oak
Grove beaf Se.nrchliftht : Pnclflc Queen beat
Menlo Maid: Little Hope beat Little George;
Hazel nien beat Ben H; Mission Tfp beat Red
Cloud; Dlson Maid beat Llllle D; Arno beat
Rosebud; Snlvnt r boat Liberty; Tip beat
•MaMen; Rosie B beat Port Costa Lass; Little
Casino beat Sarcastic; Belle of Moscow beat
Boston Girl; Pon Jose brat Rich and Artless.
First ties : Tippcrary Lass: Pa
riflr Queen beat Duke of Oak Grove: Little
Vent Hazel Glen; iMxon Maid beat Mis
-1 |p; B«lv«tor btmi Arnn; Tip beat K< "sic
B; Relle of Moscow b»*at little Casino; Don
Jose a bye.
Second tie?— Pacific Queen beat Mystery: Lit
tle Hope beat I'lxon Maid: Tip beat Salvator:
Belle of Moscow boat Don .1
Third tle«-Pa<-!tV Queen beat Little Hope-
Tip beat H> lie i ' M WOW.
!'— Tip beat Pacific Queen.
Tip first money, Pacific Queen second. Belle
third. Little Hope fourth. Don Jom
fifth. Btlvttor sjcth. Dlxon MaH seventh, My»
--• Ighth. Maiden ninth and Menlo Mai 1
tenth.
At San Jose.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 23.— The. coursing: results to
day were as follows: Fhiph beat True Blue;
fiwlnnerton beat Hicks; Countess beat Wor
ship: Little Joker beat Emortta; Rush o' Hill
beat Sandow; Big Bulk beat Rustic Lily: Green
Valley Maid beat Locomotive: Minerva boat
Gallett. Rojal Flueh beat Dark Rustic; Don't
TOD SLOAN WOULD SHOOT,
BUT HE HAD NO OPPONENT
Tod Sloan, the hope and pridp of sporting "Lunnon." right bower to Lord
Bereaford Bad pal of the Prince of Wales, has been "trim down," robbed of an
opportunity to further glorify hta name. Yesterday morning at an early hour
t: ■ awakening world was expectant and glad that it was not yesterday or to
morrow but "to-day," for "to-day" Sloan was to face the traps, and as his
me gun. a token of esteem from the Prince of Princes, barked its dead
ly salutation and bleeding pigeons fell trembling to the earth, he was to win an
other title, that of champion wing shot of the turf. But to gain such a title
one must nest him who holds it. or claims that he is capable of bearing the
champion. There was the rub.
Bookmaker Coleman. who met with defeat at the hands of Sloan a week
or so ago. had arranged another match with Tod. by which they were to shoot
100 birds, the winner to carry off a prize of $250. The match was booked for Sun
day morning at 10 o'clock. At the hour set the Olympic Gun Club grounds were
still deserted. About noon Sloan, carrying the royal gun. put in his appearance.
He look Coleman, but the "hookey" was non est. Sloan shot a
dash of saliva from between his teeth— one of his habits— batted his eyes—
another noticeable habit— and remarked that he must have been bamboo dream
ing when he failed to demand the deposit of a forfeit. So he cuddled his • little
self in a chair and mused, all the while hoping against hope that the bright day
would yet bring Coleman forth, but Coleman aid not come.
Soon Ted mingled in the gathering throng and a handicap match was ar
ranged. That blasted British gun fooled Tod in a feellngicss manner. From the
first it refused to hurl th.^ little leaden missies into the quivering flesh of the
startled pigeons, but as a rule far beyond the Hying object a clod of dirt would
leap into the air as though a miniature torpedo had lifted it heavenward. That
gun was choked so hard that the charge of shot hung together like a ball of
mud and Tod was handicapped. Tod also blamed the cap he wore, why he didn't
explain, and. yawning, said that loss of sleep had wrecked hie nerves, sapped his
strength and barred him as a gunner.
In the first five-bird match Sloan winged 2. Ed Fay centered his 5, C C.
Mansfield 4. Charles Dwyer 4 and E. Gains 5. Tod was trailer in this match, but
he braced up for another effort. A twelve-bird match was proposed, and the
guns were soon barking again. Sloan captured five out of the dozen, Fay killed
all cleanly and without depending on his second barrel, Mansfield winged 9,
Dwyer 11, Gains S, C. F. Ireland 11 and "W. Seidenberg 9.
Again Sloan was trailer, but he maintained his nerve until John N. and Jim
X.. the twin brothers of General Shafter. the hero of Sanitago. put in an ap
pearance, and John, who never practiced shooting at Spaniards and had no gun
of royal lineage, put Tod out. Then Tod objected with himself, but he did not
say so, and the day closed. Tod not a champion but a victim of cruel fate.
•As I don't go to the track any more." said Tod. "I don't think I will see
Colemai> this week, but if I do we will shoot that match."
The "we will" was uttered with emphasis, so Coleman beware, you're being
pursued.
Tell beat Morgan; Liberty Bell beat Walt a
l,ittle; Motto beat Menlo: Dawn beat Trinket:
Gallagher beat Dusty Roads; Theron beat
Brlmboe; Madge WHdflre beat Masterpiece.
Second roun.i— Fiush beat Swinnerton: Count
ess beat Little Joker; Rush o' Hill beat Big
Hulk, Minerva beat Green Valley Maid; Royal
Flush beat Don't Tell; Motto beat Liberty Bell;
Gallagher beat Dawn; Theron beat Madge
Wildfire.
Third round— Flush beat Countess. Minerva
beat Rush o' Hill; Royal Flush beat Gallagher;
Motto beat Theron.
Fourth round— Minerva beat Flush; Royal
Flush beat Motto.
Final — Royal Flush beat Minerva.
The match race between Silkwood and An
geline was won by Eilkwood in three straight
heats.
At Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2^.— The cours'ng
at Agricultural Park was considerably
above the average, and the large crowd in
attendance witnessed a great day's sport,
though the latter part had to be hurried,
owing to a heavy fog, which drifted in
during the afternoon. The hares ran
strong throughout the day. and in several
courses extra dogs had to be turned into
the field to save those in the course. This
was notably the case of the Stella B-Lady
Napoleon course ia bye'), when three ex
tra dogs were turned loose, and even th»i
the rabbit would have escaped had it not
run into the fence. The programme was
a 40-dog stake for a $200 purse.
Pat Malloy. the San Francisco dog re
cently purchased by Frank Paaaons. won
first money, with Passons' Fleetwood sec
ond and Stella P> third. Slella B had a
good chance until she was Killed oft by
THE INKSTAND
WAS NOT SOLD
T TX the beginning this was merely the narrative of an inkstand. The sub
-5 I ject in question did not promise any Interesting developments, but as time
q I passed by and the inkstand began to unfold its history, personages of local
<£. •*• renown, to say nothing of a dead President and a distinguished foreigner,
Q became connected with the rather battered ornament, until a story of a pock
+. et depleted by fast living unfolded itself. It is the same old tale that has
6 been told more than once in this land, only in this instance the inkstand
X turned out to be an imposter.
O When only a short while ago Madame Barrios -returned to this country,
♦ there came with her a friend who may for convenience be called Jones.
O He was not a stranger to California. At one time he was the clerk to the
+ Guatemalan Consul. Jones is a Spaniard and was educated in Salvador. He
O is young, handsome, and distinguished looking. He once resided here at the
4- residence of ex-President Barillas. Like all distinguished foreigners, Jones
O went the pace that burns up very rapidly the yellow gold. He frequented the
+ race courses here and in Guatemala, and at night it is said that the cold bot-
O ties and small birds in conjunction with fair lady friends helped to make in
♦" roads on the finances of the young man. When he landed here a short time
O ago he approached Interpreter Rebus of the Palace and made known to him
X that he was in need of money. His ancestral jewels, he said, were in pawn,
X but he exhibited to the interpreter a massive inkstand of unique and horsey
0 design, which he said was a present to him from the late President Barrios.
£ The Inkstand in question, he said, had been given to tho ill-fated President
p by the Jockey Club of Guatt-maU. Tnis rare and costly gift Jones was willing
X to part with for the consideration of $125.
Q Rebus took the ornament with a view of selling it. Charley Fair. Tom WIII
-q iams, Walter S. Hobart and White Hat McCarty all had a look at it. None cf
" them could see the inkstand at the price asked, and McCarty was so cruel as
Q to say that the Jockey Club of Guatemala was "on the bum" to give such an
S inkstand to a President. Finally it was turned over to Dan Burns to use. and
O he tried it for a month, but he said that he could write just as well with ink
■♦■ that came out of a 50-cent inkstand. In the meantime Rebus showed the or-
O nament to some jewelers and they offered to duplicate it at the rate of $25
X per inkstand. Then came the disclosure. Rebus learned from reliable and
" original sources that the inkstand had been only the property of some penny
q a-liner in Guatemala, so he took the ornament and returned it to Jones, at
<f the same time telling him what he thought of him. The foreigner was wroth,
€ and in no uncertain terms he expressed his estimation of the Americans in
♦ general and some of them in particular, whom he said did not know a genuine
~ relic and priceless treasure from a hole in the eround. So, after all. poor
q Mr. Jones will h -j to wait until next payday comes.
♦ ■ , .• ys':^ : : : W-.>-y
- O O♦© ♦O ♦ O+O+O+O+O+O+O ♦ O O O ♦
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
her gruelling course with Lady Napoleon.
One of the surprises of the day was
when Dronn's Clover Leaf put out the
crack-a-jack Orpheum Lass. Altogether,
it was a great day for the short-enders,
and the uncertainties o€ coursing were
never better illustrated than at Agricul
tural Park to-day.
Won by the Seattles.
SANTA C'RI'Z, Jan. 29.— The game be
tween the Seattles and the Beachcombers
to-day was won by the fnrmr-r; score, 12
to 1. The only run for the home team
was made by Pace. The locals were clear
ly out of condition, and showed la^k of
practice. The battery for the Beach
combers was Balsz and Donlen, Dever
eaux and Pace; for Seattle. Andrews and
Hartman. The game was not distinguishes
by any brilliant plays.
Snowballs Win at Football.
VALLEJO. Jan. 29.— The Snowballs of
Vallejo defeated the Pacific Athletic Club
of San Francisco in a football same hero
to-day by a score of 1? to 0, putting up
the best game ftnee their organization.
The visitors played cleverly, but were
overmatched.
During the last hundred years there has
been a great decline in the art of porce
lain manufacture In China. There are
few choice specimens in the markets, and
all that Rets there is bought at high prices
by American and English collectors. The
so-cnllf'il imperial manufactory, however,
continues to produce Choice specimens.
PERRAULT DOES
NOT POSE AS
A REFORMER
He Does Not Believe
in Undue Haste.
TALKS OF APPROPRIATIONS
LEGACIES OF THE OLD i.OARD TO
BE BEVIEWED.
Supervisor Kalben Explains His Ac
tion Rescinding the Recommenda
tion Allowing Mutual Electr-c
Company to Erect Poles.
Supervisor Perrault disclaims any inten
tion to pose as a reformer, and in ex
planation of his opposition to certain ap
propriations by the board he says he was
actuated by the best of motives and a due
regard for the Inti rests of the city.
"There has been." said Perrault, "much
adverse criticism us to my course in post
poning consideration of these appropria
tions. 1 would like it understood that
my resolution does not cancel them, but
simply defers action until such time as
they ran receive the consideration they
desi rye and until we can become thor
oughly conversant with the city's finances
and its legal responsibilities. 1 believe
our proper course in the matter of the
contracts made by our predecessors and
handed down to us as legacies to be one
of calm deliberation, and I claim the right
to review the acts of the past board in
order to protect the present one.
"In the item of the appropriation of
$12('u fur steps leading up to Joyce street,
I have carefully Investigated the proposi
tion, and 1 find that the property-owners
have been paying for those stops for the
past thirty-five years. The city has never
assumed the responsibility of providing
the Bteps, and it is optional with it to
maintain them or not. Now the proper
method to pursue would be to re-estab
lish the grade so as to open the street to
traffic. Of course, this would leave the
property abutting on it some twenty-five
feet above the grade, but that plan has
been followed on other streets.
"As to (he $25,000 for the condemnation
of Twenty-fifth street, that is another
matter which the Board should not pass
until thorough inquiry has been made
mm it. Although the Street Committee
will undoubtedly report In favor of the
condemnation, 1 believe by postponing
action some of the $75,000 could be saved,
since many of the property-owners are
willing to deed necessary property to the
city and In that way the cost would be
much less than the amount requested.
"lii regard to the appropriation of $50,000
for a new Police Station, the lowest bid
submitted exceeded the appropriation and
new bids will be opened to-day. While the
actual necessity of the station and the
consequent increased expense that it
would entail without commensurate re
sults are apparent to me, still 1 am sure
it could be built for less money.
"In the matter of the appropriation of
$86,000 for furnishing the If all of Justice,
the veto of the Mayor was sustained and
new plans and specifications have been
ordered. I consider that the necessary
furniture can be made for much less than
that figure and th« new bids, I think, will
confirm mo.
"The $OS"n for a -water filter system for
the City Hall is exorbitant on the face of
it. and that amount could be scaled down
and still leave a fair margin of profit.
"The resolution authorizing the em
ployment of twenty-five extra policemen,
which was rescinded, Is only a temporary
affair, as the new charter will give this
city one policeman for every 500 inhabit
ants, and that will make over 60U guar
dians of the peace.
"The $14,000 for the improvement of Hol
ly and Bernal Parks, of which $6250 had
been expended by the old board, merits
our careful consideration, as does the
$1500 for the extension of Van Ness
avenue, although I believe the latter im
provement essential. We desire to see
that the funds are wisely distributed in
order to accomplish the best results.
"The new Gas Inspector. Tupper -will
introduce some needed reforms in the ad
ministration of his office, and these will
go far to pay his first year's salary. For
example, lie will recommend that the pus
lamps situated near electric lights should
not be lit as being superfluous, and
this of itself will effect quite a saving.
Again, he will endeavor to have policemen
act as inspectors, who will note when the
lamps are lit and when extinguished, from
which an estimate can be formed, -c will
also try to have the city districted — itb
regard to contracts for lighting, and the
rates will be regulated accordingly."
Supervisor Perrault is not the only one
on the board who is chagrined at the un
kind things that have been said about
him with reference to Ms official acts.
Supervisor Kalben was very wrothy at th.->
accusation that the Street Committee was
standing in with the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company in refusing ita
rival, the Mutual Electric Light Com
pany, the privilege of erecting poles out
side the fire limits.
"The matter has simply been post
poned," said he "until the committee can
act intelligently upon it. I do not like
the methods pursued in the case by the
Mutual Company. I consider that I
should have been consulted in regard to
it, but when the petition was presented I
was rot at tho meeting, although earlier
in the day representatives of the corpora
tion stated that they had no petition to
make. I don't like to have anything forced
down my throat, and believe that 1 am
entitled to know something about the sub
ject. That is why I signed my name re
scinding action in the margin of the
original recommendation. Let these peo
ple come out in the open, and I am sure
they will receive favorable consideration
if their claims are just. Let the members
of the committee know something about
what they are recommending, and no dis
satisfaction will result."
LIGHT AIRS WAFT
THE OAKLAND NAVY
CANOE WHIM MAKES BEST TIME
KOUND THE COURSE.
First Sailing Race of the Season of
1899 Was Held Yes
terday.
The first sailing race of 1899 was held
yesterday on Oakland Creek in a light but
variable breeze, the prevailing direction
of which was northerly. It was the open
ing race of that formerly famous organi
zation, the Oakland Navy. The course,
officially reckoned at six miles, is trian
gular, and the boats, after sailing along
the first leg, returned to the starting
point and thence sailed twice complete
ly over the three legs of the course. The
wind was for the most part on the quar
ter all round the course, but now and
then the sheets could bo slacked out a
little. The breeze was so light that it
hardly si.; 1 : ■•• <i to move the larger boats
at any considerable rate of speed, though
the canoes made fair headway under it.
The preparatory signal was fired and
a red flag hoisted at 1:02 o'clock, and the
starting gun, from which the times of
all the boats were reckoned, at 1:07 a. m.
The half-rater. Ninette, made a pretty
start. She crossed the line before the
gun fire, went about, and returning crossed
the line ahead of the other boats. Dur
ing the earlier part of the race the
Ninette kept the lead: then ihc was
passed by the carton Whim, which was
in turn passed by the canoe Gnat, re
christened Brownie. The Gnat, running
into a calm streak, wan passed by the
Whim and the Ninette, the Whim even
tually winning in an elapsed time of 1
hour 48 minui.s and 3G seconds, followed
by the Ninette, whose elapsed time was
1 hour and 51 minutes. The Gnat was
third, having covered the course in 1
hour 52 minutes and 31 seconds. The
Flash was ruled out by the referee, and
her case was referred to the members of
the committee for having taken a new
man on board after the preparatory gun
had been fired. The results of the re
gatta are shown in the table:
i
i
C. Hinckley
P. Caduc
C. Myrlck
11. Byxbee
G. Lemcke
OWNER.
NAVY-JANUARY REGATTA
1:43:15
1:46:10 Ah
Surprise
1:35:44
(Gnat 1:33:39
I
I
i
Ist
B, M.
2:35:C0
2:30:05
2:33:00
2:24:04
2:22:32
t 2:22:19
2:24:37
round.
M. S.
.
3:13:20
3:15:35
3:05:13
2:59:31
2:55:24
2:58:00
Finish.
M. S.
.
2:06:20
2:08:35
1:58:13
1:52:31
1:48:24
1:51:00
Time.
M. 8
The Ninette is a sixteen-foot sloop of
the type usually termed a half-rater, with
a considerable cutaway at how and stern:
I the Zephyr. Surprise and Flash are
yachts, sloop rigged, while the Whim.
Gnat and Ah Wahnee are canoes.
Bowers and Stewart's sloon yacht Beat
. rice was entered and would have gone
round the course but she did not reach
the starting line in time. She will, how
ever, be heard from at the next Oakland
I Navy race.
The committremen in charge Of the
j race were Vice-Commodore H. C. lUnck
ley, Charles Stewart, Jules Hartman, P.
VV. Murndall an* Charles U Taylor Jr..
Jules Hartman being oitlcial measurer.
■R. R. I'Hommedieu officiated aa ref
eree.
STUART AFTER THE BIG FIGHT.
Will Offer a Purse for Sharkey and
Fitzsimmons.
W. K. Wheelock, who was associated
with Dan Stuart in the management of
the Corbett-Fitzsimmons right at Carson,
| is authority for the statement that the
: Texas sport is after the proposed cham
pionship conteet between Fitzsimmons
and Sharkey. Stuart is at present so
journing at Hot Springs. Ark. Mr. Whee
loek has received several letters from the
j famous fight promoter recently, in which
Stuart says he is ready to offer a purse
i for the contest as soon as the men signify
their intention of doing business.
"An early right would probably suit
Fitzsimmons best," said Mr. Wheelock,
"but Sharkey may want to hold off
awhile. There i.s no doubt that Fitz is
i the greatest lighter of the age and is en
; titled to the championship until he is de
f( ated in the ring. But while T beiieve he
was Sharkey's superior at the time he
fought Corbett it is not likely that he is
. any better now, while Sharkey has great
ly Improved since that time. The men
, should enter the ring on even terms, al
i though Fitz, being the champion, would
naturally be a slight favorite. There are
several places where a finish fight could
be brought off now, but I do not think it
advisable to name any place for the con-
I test at this time. The: pavilion at Carson
is still standing and the people of that
. city would give us a warm reception.
Carson labors under the disadvantage
however, of being far from centers of
population and I am afraid the Southern
Pacific would not make the rates suffi
ciently low to wnrrar.t anyone offering a
, large purse for a right in that city. If
! the men come together It will be a finish
i fight, as all championship contests must
!be decided in that way. If the tight is
' brought off by Stuart the public will know
: that it Is getting a square deal and a
' run for its money."
Mr. Wheelock says Stuart will be In San
San Francisco within the next thirty days
and by that time he may have some defin
ite proposition to submit to the tightens.
Rebholtz's Sunday Experience.
William Rebholtz, a green man In a
strange city, while ambulating on Stock
ton street yesterday forenoon, met May
| Holmes, a smiling denizen of the tender
j loin. An acquaintance sprung up be
tween the pair and Rebholtz entered the
spider's web. and after partaking of pome
ambercd liquid, which was freighted in
by the "growler" mute through the
agency of BSiSfl Holmes' lover, Rebholtz
took a nap on a lounge. When he awoke
his pockets were empty, and $6 50, which
1 they had contained before he took his
I snooze, was gone. The loss of the silver
was reported to Officer Thompson, who
] brought Miss Holmes to the California
\ street station and locked her up on a
j charge of grand larceny.
A.ialcests cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Ariakesls. New York. •
Tramp Steals Newspapers.
Frank Cole, a worthless street tramp,
was arrested at t o'clock yesterday morn
ing by Officer John Colon on Post street
for stealing newspapers from the door
ways where they had been left by car
riers. Cole was making the rounds of
stores on Post street, between Kearny.
and Grant avenue, and by means of a
lath he was "fishing" the papers from
behind thf wire pates. At the time of his
arrest he had secured fifteen morning
pap< rs. He was charged with petty lar
ceny at the California-street station".
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Sort ot
Man Are You?
Does the man live who does not like
to be respected for his manly character?
I I believe not. It is part of our nature
j —and a good part— to admire strength.
Nothing Is grander than a grand speci-
men of physical and mental manhood.
Therefore, aim to be a man in all re-
spects. You can be a better man than
you are. There Is an element which. de-
velops all that is good in a man. It is
Electricity.
' My Dr. Sanden Electric Belt infuses this
wonderful force gently into your nerves
and vitals while you sleep at night. It
awakens your aormant energies and pro-
uuces a man such as nature intended you
to De. It overcomes all your weakness.
ctops all draining of vitality and restores
the natural energy.
Let me send you my book, "Thre»>
Classes of Men." devoted to the upbuild-
ing of physical manhood. It is worth
! reading, and will give you proof that ray
system of treatment It successful afte-
all others fall you. Call if you can— that
is best— or write to
DR. m. A. McLAUGHL'N.
702 Market Street. C-»- Kcnrny.
SAX FRAXCISCO.
OfTiie hours— A. Jf. to 8:30 P. U. Ensdiyj 10 to L
I\OT SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE
LOTTERY
#
BENEFIcii7uBLIGA.
BEIFICENCIA PUBLIC!
The 120 th ordinary monthly drawing, class
A. drawn in the City of Mexico on January
26, 1&99.
Special Notice— public Is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lotte-
ries In the City of Mexico or at any other point
in the Republic of Mexico, as all such con-
cerns are fraudulent. The lottery of the Ben-
eficencia Publica is the only one authorized
and indorsed by the Mexican National Gov-
ernment. Beware of spurious imitations and
Bee that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo.
Intervenor. and U. Bassetti, manager. None
others are genuine.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. No. Prize.
16 20; 209 100 504 100
S3l 40; 594 40 934 40
951 20000 10S3 20.1159 100
1327 40 1440 40 1478 100
HSB 100 1372 40 1706 20
1913 40 2040 20 1 2112 20
2126 40 2334 20 24(56 20
2454 40 25SS 100 j 263' d 40
2640 100 2643..: 40 i 2811... 20
2937 20 2954 20 2.(55 40
3087 20 3101 20 3250 20
3252 20 3278 20 3458 20
34SS 20 3533 401 3605 20
3713 100 3529 100 35)36 40
3964 20 4032 ' 20 4151 20
4166 20 4198 20 4253 20
4396 20; 4454 20 44. »6 20
4617 20 4598 100 4602 40
4800........ 40 4812 100, 4526 20
4955.. 20 Rl4O 201 5170 40
|*71 40 1 5232 40j 5253 40
?460 40 547'J 100 i 5730 200
6741 20 5761 20 5953 40
6070 20 6132 100 6218 40
6251! 40 6333 20 6500 20
6769 i 20 6837 100 1 7035 20
7171 40 7178 40 7205 40
•7210 60000 7279 100 73C0 20
7307 20] 7536 20 7541 20
7572 20(7609 20 j 7642 20
7646 20 7502 40 7966 200
8162 40 5209 100 8402 20
844fl 20 8451 40 8516 20
8680 40 1 8625 4018696 20
8711 - 20| 8712 40 8882 20
8910 20 8976 20 9032." 40
9057 20; 9100 100 9184 20(i
9302 100 9539 20 9C03 20
9658 20 mi 100 9796 20
9835.. 100 9903 20] 9962 20
9978 40[
10072 20 10093 20|10104 100
10199 40 10315 20111013 20
11149 20 11455 11537 40
11723 20 11836 10011869 40
11997 20 12110 40 12184 20
12217 20|12296 20112305 20
12591 20 12671 20 12512 40
12867.. 20 12SS9 40 ISOSO 20
13423 200 13519 40 13535 20
13607 201M94 ,20 13723 20
13988 2014139 20 1413S 20
14196 2014296 20 14793 20
14953 100 15097 40 15168 40
15426 20|15478 40 15547 40
15575... 20 15870 40,15930 20
15998 40 16002 20 16093 20
16270 40 16272 20 16357 40
18423 40 16542 20 16551 20
1661!» 40 16745 40.16511 40
16823 200 1C895 2017010 40
17041 20 1705S 20 17309 40
17415 20 17574 20J1768S 200
17C63 20 17678 20|17724 20
17793 20 17924 20 18102 200
IS2S9 40 18317 20 15324 40
18333 10018418 20 IS6OS 20
18613........ 4018666 40 18981 20
19023 40(19025 20 19121 100
19152 20 19441 40 19637 20
19839 20119855 20J20148 40
20170 100|20274 20 20471 40
20SC5 100J20532 40 20601 100
2069') 40(20742 40 20799 20 1
21060 20|21125  40 21188 40
21238 4021433 20 21614 20
21723 20 21536 20|22043 20
22115 40:22292 22340 100
22354 2022423 20 22639 20
2255S 10000J23292 20123303 20
2343'j 20J23444 20 23483 20
23490 4023600 40 23607 20
2367> 40J23765... 2023886 40
23965 20 23i»68 100 24004 40 I
24214 40:24261 40 24444 20 ,
24451 20 24552 100 24595 20 :
24899 20,25016 40 25373 40 I
25384 20J25482 20125499 20
25634 20 25778 25792 20
25965 100,25374 200 25983 20
26163 20 2630S 20|26317 20
26341 200J26365 100 26456 100
16613 100 26649........ 20 2680? 20
26819 20J26948 100 26979 40
27004 40J27015... 27245 20
27243 40 27341 100 27656 20
27580 20|27556 2027608 40
27621 40 27647 40 27722 20
25046 20 28056 £028057 40
25267 200 28273 20J25258 40
-•-■■ 20|28417 20|25470 40
25507 40J2551S 20.25753 200
28730 20 25577 20:28912 20
88M0 2029063 20 29230 20
29339 2029485 20 29504 -20
2975S 100
30017 40|30107 100j30159 20
30345 100i30457 100 30450 40
30655 2030677 20 30749 20
30775 20]30857 100 30962 20
50996 2O;310O7 100131038 20
3106} 20|31237 40[31292 20
313JJ 20131356 20 31496 20
31575 200|31579 20 31653 20
31656 40 31716 20 31817 20
31826 20 31541 40 31551... 40
51932 100132071 4032314 40
32427 100 32533 20 32611 20
32741 20 32892 40 32970 20
33005 100 33038 40 3304 D 20
33122 40J33164 40 178 20
332 M 20 33354 20,33388 20
88881 40 33474 40(33520 20
88849 40 33881 20)33977 20
34042 20 3404S 20 34119 20
34243 20 34311 20|34600 20
34606 20 34741 34751 20
84791 20 34890 1000!34924 40
34940 2034853 20J34950 20
35014 4035065 40!35053 20
35096 20 352316 20 35327 20
85341 20 35409 100|35747 20
35781 1000 35805 20 35830 20
35936 200 35993 40:36061 20 j
36112 40.36267 2036354 20
39645 2036660 100.36672 20
86685 20 36792 40 37100 20
37201.". 4037321 2037399 20
373E2 20,37710 20|37752 20
878*0 100137999 20138111 40
18169 40|35377 20.3541S 100
352c6 4038612 20 38714 200
88761 50038966 40 39019 20
33057 20i39188 20;39236 20
89341 2089671 1000139791 100
402r.0 2040262 20 40375 40
40552 100,40649 20 40568 40
409t;3 20(41012 20 41035 40
411T..7 40 41106 20 41146 100
41300 20 41462 40 41543 100
41571 20 41792 20 41945 200
4190 2041994 20 42012 20
42065 20 42107 40.42272 100
42280 4042333 20J42333 20
42541 20142598 100 42661... 20
42783 500(42880 40 42922 500
43004 2048088 40 4312S 4'
43'.'L'6 20 43280 20,43335 40
43346 20]43406 20143440 20
43U>3 20143501. 40:43522 20
43SS8 20 43592 10043716 20
43719 100143750 20 44C03 20
44046 100 44073.. 20 4J210 20
44447 20 44615 20 44672 40 !
44712 40 44746.: 20 44801 20 J
44517 40 ! 44946 40 45017 200 1
tSVU 20145243 40 46281 40 I
45257 100 45361 40 43447 40
454f.7 40 45617 40,45670 • 20
45847 20|45531 40|45947 30
46054 100 46171 20146205 20
46219 20 46341 20146431 20
465.*>6 40J46942 20J47058 20
47129 20 47400 20:47539 20
47542 20 47635 40|47«53 20
47694 40:47735 40147936 20
45310........ 2048371 20|4501l .;. 20 I
48636 20 48733 40149067 100 I
49134 2049140 20|45223 20
43427 4014992S 20:4Ji»34 20
48861 40 !
603r.6 20 50467 40 50567 20
506.15 600150729 20 50763 20
50S.TS 20)60988 20150998 100
51156 40'51T.9 20151214.. 40
51&0 40|51584 20151638 40
61762 40J61503 ■ 40!51995. ....... 20 '
52034 4062087 40 52202 20 j
C 2355 2C152462....'.... 20|32533 40 1
68636 20152711 - 20152754 ICO
52944 20 J.'> 4063092 20
53i:i6 2068191 20153395 ' 40 J
53423 2053458 5C0133430 40 I
53349 20jc3603 20153609 40 1
53635 2053869 100J53559 20
63853 10054087 20'5445S 40
64555 40154560 200154552 40
64533 20154670 20154706 20
54714 40:54047 2015517! 40
65241 20 55303........ 20!55312 40
65439 20 53479 40155622 2PO
65747 20:55910 40135986 20
f,6015 20 56083 20J5625S £0
£6273 2056292 201E6374 20 i
66189 20156554 20156M6 20
66934 4057170 2037171 20 |
57237 .- 2067366 4015765S 100
....... 2057733 2C'io774S 20
67555. - 20|57839 26,57921 20!
S7S3I 4055025 . 100J55G33... 20!
55C76 2055173 20!05243 ; 40
55302 20 5?325. ....... 20J35C76 l'O
£8470 10055471 10055576 20
CBE77 20155630 40155693..- 100
59154 40J55211........ 4016932S 20
55406. ....... 100155659: 300159791 20
S9B3S 2C0159559 4059967 20
! C 9356........ 20 I
6(216 lCO'6C23n 40160296 20(1
60452 101) ■30 2316Cfi76 100
6C653 200jO('7Cl -N*72(i 40
r.PM6 K'eo'w.. ioow3:. 40 •
6K42 100061139 20.61230 40 I
6116Vr. 40 61475 201C1620.....V n 0
Clf«.. 20J61711 20161744 o 0
6U2S 1C0i61537 J 55.... 40 i
62(61 40J62078 40162164 20
6227r.. 2063554 40J62610 40 I
62C67. ....... 1C0|62674 2016:736........ "0
LIST OF PHIZES.
No Prize INo. Prize. INo. Prize.
6250" :::::: 5 SS?:::::::: 20 62939 100
S.::::::: ho mm? iota 200
63710 40 63746..- 20,63799 2p>
63535 20 63965.... 40164150 20
j43jo :::::; «::::::: 100(64671 40
lE;:;NS::::::: Itill
65570:::::::: i : »
S:::::::: SSfe|O |||ii •
65778 20166064 20 66183 lM
66187 4066285 Wlfif^ IJ
66559 20 66630 ?°|S Ia
66546 20 66560 2O ' 6 ''?2 ••• 12
67189 • 20 67203 *?,£?£ t?
67424 . 40 67509 20167538 20
67626 40 67SS0 20J678M 40
67850 20 65002 100 65007 20
6SIOS 20 6SIII 4 2i52 ■••• J,
65346 4068373 100j65636 20
69043 40 69092 W*?--.- *0
69280 100163316 40|bPo2o Z£
69576 20169650.. I 0 JSc
69803 4 «23 20169859 500
69569 20 6»8S8 201 ...
70C65 4017C115 20 70394 100
70474 40,70538 70794 40
70573 4071008 20(71195, ,- 20
71253 200 71517 20 71554 -[
71667 20 71721 20)71796 20
71800 10071514 2071 £E ■■•• *'
71923 20 71955 1000172092 -*
72170 10072263 40 J23«: «»
72383 2072592 40 72614 *<>
72653 40 ! 72714 20 72753 ■•■• *{
72965 20 73065 20 73082 100
73105 4073184 20173197.. ...... f n
73253 20J73254 40173367 40
73420 20 73637 500J73551 ••■■ '' '
73635 20 7366S 40 73890 40
73806 20 73538 20 73865 41)
73852 20 73953 40173994 *'\
74041 40 74341 # iZf jUJ 20
74612 20 7461S 100|74«6 20
74772 20 74799 200174873 4f>
74889 40(74963..... . 2O!7S1«» 40
75135 40 75302 100175424 20
75541 2075819 20175957 20
75966 20 76035 40176361 <■<>
76398 20X6401 40 76407 40
76442 40 76471 20176675 20
76967 4077099 20|77149 20
77194 4077228 4077284 20
77299 4077360 ''-'■'•■ 20
77659 77710 20 77744 20
77770 40177858 40 77869 500
77912 4077965 500 78041 20
75050 20|78153 20 75213 ' 4()
75223 40:78234. 40i782!»0 100
78394 40|78523 40178640 40
78669 20|78933 20 78976 40
79188 <9306 40 79308 40
79754 40180000 •.. 20
APPROXIMATION PRIZJES.
One hundred numbers from 7160 to 7260 in-
clusive, being 60 numbers on rach side of the
number draw-ins; capital prize of $60,000—560.
One hundred numbers from 901 to 1001 inclu-
sive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $20,000— 540.
One hundred numbers from 22508 to 2290S in-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing capital prize of $10,000— 520.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 10, being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $60,000—
$20.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 51, being- the last two figures of the
number drawing- the capital prize of $20,000—
$20
No. 7210 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold in Peoria, 111.; Mexico City.
No 951 draws second capital prize of $20,000,
sold in Chicago, 111.; St. Louis. Mo.
No. 22858 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold in San Antonio, Tex.; San Luis de la Paz,
Guatemala.
Nob 34890, 35751, 39371, 61042 and 71355 draw
each $1000, sold in Philadelphia, Pa,; Mexico
City; Guatemala City; Galveston. Tex.; New
Orleans, La_; Guaymas, Sonora; Waco, Tex.
The regular monthly drawing. No. 121, with
capital prize of $fio.ooo, will take place on Feb-
ruary 23 1899. Wholes, $4; halves, $2; quar-
ters. $1: eighths, 50c; sixteenths, 25c.. United
States money. ANTONIO PEREZJ,
For the Treasury Department.
V BASSETTI, Manager.
APOLIXAR CASTILLO, Intervenor.
Prizes Cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
gw PALACE *•«•!}
IGRAND
j: BAM FRANCISCO. ~
•J Connected by a corerad passageway. T*
D 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaohod. °
D All Under One Management. Q
0 ROTS TEE PRICES: Q
European Plan. Bl.oo PEIOXS: opwavd Q
Europoa* Plan. Bl. oo per day and upward n
9 American Plan.fS.OO per da* and upward **
I r% Comapondenco Solicited. Q
X JOSH 0. KI&SFA7RICX. U&a&ger. q
\OOOOOOQOO O O O O O O O 0
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
>|. Steamers leave Broadwar
W»^ wharf, San Francisco:
itu^V^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
] nplw^S^ Jan. 11, 16, 21, 25, 31 Feb •
! MMToI change at Seattle.
' BR^ljai For Victoria, Vcncouver, (B.
HH^MS^BSIi C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
i^^^EJi SOEU Taccma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Waah).
10 a. m.. Jan. 11, 16, 21, 26, 31:
Feb 6 and every fifth day thereafter; changa
•t s.«ttii> to this company's steamers for
Alask^and G° NvV; at Tacoma to K. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver *&£&**? M.** «.. J«.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), J p. m., Jan.
14, 19 24, 29; Feb. 8, and every fifth day there-
* f For Banta Cruz. Monterey, San Blmeon.
Cayucoi, Port Harford. (San Luis Obi3po),
Oaviota." Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Jan. 12, 16. 20. 24. 28; Feb.
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan. 14, 18, K. 26. 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter. ■■::- : V
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 14. Feb. 9.
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice, steamers. sailing datea
ar«i hnnr* of snillner.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTVS A CO.. Gen. Atrts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R.'&N*. CO. '
DIRPATrH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr $12 First Class Including Berths
rHnL S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia calls Jan. 3, 13. 23, Feb. 2.
Etate of California sails Jan. 8, 18. 28, Feb. 7
Phort line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Btitto.
Eeiena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pointa East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODAIJU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. tar
- YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
; Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki acd Shanghai, ana
! connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
I India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
pf Bailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. Jan. 2S
AMERICA MARU A Tuesday, Feb U
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4*l Market street, corner First.
I W. B. CURTI3. General Agent.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS i^'J:
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pk-r 42, " IHi Tti '111 >i
River, loot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE j an 21
I. A GASCOGNE Feb! 4
!LA CHAMPAGNE ". .'.".""l'Feb 11
: LA BRETAGNE Feb IS
i LA TOURAINE '..'.'.Feb. 25
First class to Havre. $60 and upward, 5 per
1 cent reduction en round trip. Second class to
Havre. Jl5, 10 per cent reduction round triD
i GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. I Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents! 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
f^EflWf S ' AUSTRALIA
iVlliilfc n:ls f or Honolulu
_j SS }\ ednesday. February
■ — x s - at 2 p. m.
Xftf-mchin i T, he , s - s - Moana
Q)I?aRISU P J £alls via Honolulu and
/^mrVM Auckland for Sydney
(OiilriJ Wednesday. Feb. 22.
; *-* * ■ at M p. m.
! TO^-! O So : u O 5 L A G DIE AUStra!ia ' and CAPE
] J. D. SPRECKEI.S & BROS. CO., Agents.
• t- ■ v r,. a ~^ ', 1U Montgomery street.
Freight office— r:: Market et.. San Francisco.
BAY AND KIVER STiIA.MERS.
■ FOR U. S, NAVY-YARD AMD VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
: Mon.. Tues.., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:« a.
■ m., 3:15. 8:20 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
> 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m
Landing and office. Mission-st. Dock. Pier No.
;2. Telephone. Main 150 S.
FARE ... 500
I Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearSTEVENS BEATS
HARDY DOWING
Iowa Cyclist Wins the
Match.
GARDEN CITY RACE MEETING
lIeFARLAND LOWERS THE CALI
FORNIA MILE RECORD.
Olympic Wheelmen Carry Off the
Honors in Both of the
Open Amateur
Events.
t i The Call.
N JOSiS, .Taii. 29.— An immense
• Cyclers' Park to
■ . i i acea run under
City Wheel
• ■ downfall of
of San Jose, who
Itn Stevens of
r :iij,ht heats, and also
lie ever made
a bicycle track, by
and, who reeled r.
m from San Fran
■. ii on the early trains to
all the promi-
were here. Miller, the six-day cham
pijirh, r*. de a half-mile exhibition, and
popuiar Ed » Id, the short distance
champion, officiated as starter in a
manner that left nothing to be dc' :d.
jThe Olympic whc lmen carried off
the honor? in the two open amateur
events, winning llrst and third ula.ce.6
In 'each. Bozio took first in the mile
«nd third in the two-thirds, and Iluss
wdn-thS two-thirds and ran third in the
mile. C. .■'.. ("Bunt") Smith of the Bay
City \STheelmen r;.n second in both
events. The heats were well contested
and, taken altogether, it was one of the
best day's sport the wheelmen have had
for. a lo- • time.
: the meet was i
at <>ne mile besi tv o in
.. Hardy Downing, '•
: ssional. and I
i Ittumwa, lowa. I
. by "Hob" xer- !
0 and Frank Cotter
.
. bs for position and
He was the quickest to!
ay. and was BOOn safely tucked
with Downing \
ly trailing him. . The tandem car
■Af ir. one minute flat, i
tut on the last la- and left the
• ii out together.
Jumped his man on the back
1 him the way to the
bout four lengths. The time
1 1-5.
tions w.re the same in the
tevens being the first to
. m. He repeated his per
the first heat, though in
r time. Downing gave
him ,-i h ' rub in the home stretch, but
• his wheel into the lead.
ns won tho match and purse of
■
Th<- two-thirds-mile handicap was
its. 1 h'>H>> who qualified
• ! were George Doll, unat
yarda handicap; I. Letcher,
• if. ls; A. T. Smith,
A. Bozio, Olympia,
Iter J. Davidson, E. F.
Olympic, scratch; D. E. Francis,
Gard< nCity. 40 yards: C. ML Smith, Bay
itch; Arthur Davidson, Bay
City, 4o ye i
Th men had the race won
the first lap, when the crowd was
■j: into the stretch. Russ
bad it out coming home,
- winning by a length in 1:27, Bozio
ng third, Arthur Davidson fourth.
Those who qualified for the final in
i f the mile scratch were:
unattached; W. B. Long-
Bay City; E. A. Bozio, Olympic;
■ Davidson, Bay City; A. T.
Smith, Acme: H. Robinso.. Garden
M. Smith, Bay City; Arthur
Davidson, Bay City. Besides these, E.
F. Kuhs. Olympic; M. Francis, unat
ta< hud; D. E. Francis, Garden City, and
les Reuser, Bay City, qualified in
the four heats by acting as pace
makers.
A tandem was put in to pace and
the race fast, and they "hit it
up" at a rattling clip. "Bunt" Smith
the favored place behind the tan
n the pacing machine
out on the last lap, Russ
■ front and until the turn into
. >xnestretch it looked like his race.
I Smith were hot after him,
.or, and in a beautiful drive Bozio
by several lengths in 2:09 2-5,
th taking second and Russ third.
■f] A. McFarland, the champion
. il of California, rode an ex
ion mile against time, paced by
teams. The first team was a
triple) manned by "Bob" Terrill, George
.Dbton and John Lawson, the "Terrible
.■■.'' They were followed by a tan
(]• m manned by Downing and Stevens.
McFarland boat his pacers out a half
dozen lengths, finishing in the remark
time- of 1:49 3-5. the fastest mile
ridden in California. His perform
uas greeted with deafening cheers
■ was announced.
Miller, the champion six-day
the world, rode an exhibition
mile, unpaced, in 1:00 1-5, estab- i
now professional Coast record
;he distance.
The following is the summary:
Two-thirds mile handicap— First heat:
■ I, unattached. 70 yards, first; I.
•v. S5 yards second;
:rdfr,t>rook. Garden City, 50 yards,
third .7.
md neat: A. T. Smith, Acm<\ 40
■ ; B. A. Bozio, Olympic, 30
J; M. Francis, unattached, 50
ilrd. Time, 1:29 2-5.
B. F. Kuss, Olympic,
V. J. Davidson, Bay City,
■, IX E. Francis. Garden
wilrd. Time, 1:25 2-5.
C. M. Smith. Bay City,
cfi. first; Arthur Davidson, Bay City,
rflF. Becond; E. Coffin. Garden City,
third; time, i:2S 3-5.
F. Rum, Olympic,
h, first; C. M. Smith, Bay City,
A. Bozlo, Olympic, 30
l-;.
-.itch— First heat: George
ittached, first; W. B. I.nngwili,
nd; E. F. Russ, Olympic,
• ■
md heat: EL A. Bozio, Olympic, first;
. ividson. Bay City, Becond; M.
Francis, unattached, third. Tiny, 2:17 4-5.
at: A. T. Smiiii. Acme, first ;
■ • ' . :i City, penond: ! I !■:.
rden city, third. Time, 2:24 4-5.
C. M. Smith, Bay City,
\rth:ir Davidson. Bay City, second;
, Bay City, third. Time,
beat: E. A. Bozio, Olympic, first;
Smith. Bay City, second; E. F.
, • mpic, third. Time. 2:09 2-5.
nal matr., race, one mile, best
ree hrats. pacod. between Hardy
Downing <>f San Jose, Cal and Orlando L.
Ottumwa. la.— First heat: Won
-; time, 2:01 3-."-. Second heat:
: time. 2:06 4-5.
FITZSIMMONS TO FIGHT.
V/ill Meet Jeffries for a Purse and a
Side Bet of $10,000.
[CAGO, .Jan. 29. — William Black,
Juliana representative, who
ough Chicago to-night on his
ork. Bays that Bob Fitz
■.. ill In- matched to meet Jim
f or • side bet of $10,000 and the
largest purse offered. Jeffries has coy
■ red FHzsimmons' forfeit posted in New
York. Black will meet Jeffries' manager,
William A. Brady, in New York and ar
range the match.
Prize Eight at Needles.
NEEDLES, Jan. 29.— A prize light of
ten rounds came off here this afternoon
between Dummy Rowan of Cincinnati
rind Billy Lewis (colored) of San Fran
cisco, there was hard lighting all the
time. Rowan seemed to be the better
man. but both were badly punished and
the contest was declared a draw. •♦ was
for a %:M sta- and was witnessed by
1000 persons.
RAN OVER THE HILL?
Olympic Club Athletes Enjoyed en
Outing at Sausalito.
The Olympic Club held the first cross
country run of this year under the lead
ership of Captain George James yester
day. Forty-three "members took the B
o'clock morning boat to Sausalito. and,
having changed their clothes in the
house of the San Francisco Yacht Club,
the use of which was kindly granted for
the occasion, started at 9 o'clock for a
run through the reservation to Limo
Point, thence over the hills and back to
Sausalito by another route.
All started gaily together, but ere long
the runners had split up into little
bunches according to their rate of speed.
The leaders were Klarman, Kreling. Col
lins, Taylor, McConnell. James, Duffy,
Pierson, Cunningham and Davis. F. R.
Butz started out at a good pace, but
slowed down considerably; however, he
finished in good condition. Superinten
deni Kennedy and E. N. Short kept the
pace up and finished in the second bunch.
Klarman, Davis and McConnell divided
the honor ot finishing first, and the rest
mraggfed in in little knots of two, throe
'■r four. Tho latest comers reached the
yachthouse half an hour after the lead
ing trio.
After a swim in the bay and a well
ii rest, the party dined at Perrier's
nstaurant. The day, though distinctly
warm, was a v< ry pleasant one. Those
win-, finished the run were: W. J. Ken
nedy, E. N. Short. Frank McConnell
Archie Taylor, George Klarman, C. T.
Kreling, T. J. Curley, F. R. ftutz M
Hewson, A. Duffy, O. Davis, J. Cunning
ham. A. Cooper. W. Bush J. Johnson F
Pierson, N. Paddock, George Hinkel
Harry Herbert. John Saxe, E." D. Moore'
M. Collins, Otis Crable, J. Daniels E
Conley, D. Barber. George Crol, George
Mcf lure, H. Monahan. J. G. Fitzgerald
A Stone, W. Bhea, B. Hones, George
Schleuter, L. Folansbee, J. Cosgrove YV
Taylor, H. Dot.. George Ransom, F
Adams and L. wens.
WINS THE SILVER TROPEY.
James McCarren on the Subject of
Temperance and Patriotism.
The essay contest between the repre
sentatives of the parishes with the
Third District of the League of the Cross,
yesterday afternoon at Metropolitan
Temple, was won by James McCarren of
Company M. His opponents in the con
were: James Seymour of Company
C, John Dillon of St. Rose's Parish. Wil
liam McMahon of Company H and
Charles Flynn of Company M. The
judges, who rendered the decision, were:
Miss Julia Coffey, George R. E. Maxwell
and Professor Jj. Taafe.
The prize awarded was a silver medal
which entitles the winner to compete i<>r
the Archbishop Rlordan gold medal at
the annual rally of the entire league. The
subject chosen for discussiun was "Tem
perance and Patriotism."
The individual ideas of it by the
different essayists was almost Identical.
Each endeavored to impress upon his
auditors the fact that intemperence is the
greatest of all corses man has to contend
with. A well-defined eamparison was |
drawn between the sober man and the
habitual drunkard. The victory that the
Americans won in the last war was at
tributed not merely to the force of arms,
but the temperance of the commanders
and sailors and soldiers who fought with
success against their foes.
A feature of the rally was an eloquent
address by the Rev. Father Dempsey of
Bt M&nr's Cathedral. In it he reviewed
the subject of the essays and reiterated
the thoughts expressed in them.
Father O'Ryan of St. Mary's Cathedral,
who acted as chairman of the rally, clos
ed the exercises with a prayer.
Return of the Bear.
Latfl last evening the stanch ol'l reve
nue cutter Bear, Captain Tuttle. R. C. S.,
steamed into harbor, four days from Se
attle. This is the return from a long,
perilous cruise in northern waters to the
rescue of the whaling crews strandt .i at
Cape Barrow. She left Seattle Christ
mas day, 1897, loaded with food and cloth
ing for the castaways, and the story of
her gallant plunge through the ice has
been told. The rescue was successful,
and the men were returned to civilization
fomo time ago. The vessel will refit and
otherwise prepare for her coming summer
cruise.
. o ■
A Remarkable Record.
85.R55 cases of G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry
imported in 1S&S; 52.640 more than any
other brand. This champagne is made of
choicest grapes and first pressings. Bot
tles will bear green neckbands and star
label. •
Touching Bit f Patriotism.
A gentleman who was sailing up and
down the coast hist summer in his yacht
told me that one day he put in at Glouces
i ter. and had no sooner come to anchor
1 than he noticed that all the flags in the
| town were flying at half-mast. He had
i had no opportunity to hear the news for
j two or three days, and was inclined by
I the half-masting of the Mags to suppose
I that some public man had died in the in
terval. Perhaps some general had fallen
in the war, he fancied. He lost no time in
j going ashore and making inquiry. Then
j he learned that all these signs of mourn
i Ing were for a private soldier belonging
in Gloucester who had died in the service
of his country and whose body had been
brought home for burial. The yachtsman
was much Impressed by this incident. As
a man who had traveled abroad, he felt
fiirp that in no other country would the
flags of a whole city be half-masted as a
token of mourning at the death of a com
mon soldier, and he was proud of the pub
lic sentiment, at once intensely patriotic
and sincerely and unconsciously demo
cratic which ngprnpted such an honor. —
Boston Transcript.
The English Blue and White.
In 1748 George II accidentally met the
Duchess of Bedford on horseback in a
blue riding habit faced with white, and
was s.o pleased with the effect of it that,
a question having been just raised as to
the propriety of deciding upon some gen
eral dress for the royal navy, he imme
diately commanded the adoption of these
colors, a regulation which appears never
to have been gazetted, nor does it exist
in the records of the Admiralty, although
a subsequent one in 1757 refers to it.—
Journal of the Archaeological Associa
tion.
DISAPPEARS FROM
PACIFIC GROVE
Search Made for the Body of F.
W, Ellis, a Prominent
Citizen.
PACIFIC Gr.OVE, Jan. 29.— This town has been more stirred in the
last two days than ever before in its history by the inexplicable disap
pearance of F. W. Ellis, one of the most highly respected and promi
nent citizens. He was last seen at 1 p. m. Friday on the streets of
Monterey, apparently all right mentally and physicrlly. No further
trace has been found, except a letter signed by Ellis and received by
Charles K. Tuttle. stating that when the letter was received Ellis
would be at the bottom of Monterey Bay. The letter war mailed in
Monterey Friday afternoon. Ellis was a member o. local Masonic and A.
O. U. W. lodges and searching parties have been sent by both organiza
tions throughout the surrounding country for trace 3 of the missing man.
Ellis was despondent from continued business disasterp, and having just
recovered from a severe attack of the grip, is supposed to have been
temporarily mentally unbalanced. When he left home he had a revolver.
Parties have been patrolling the beach along the bay to recover the
body. Ellis has a wife and six daughters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
CONVENTION OF
SUNDAY SCHOOLS
Atlanta to Entertain
Many Guests.
WILL ASSEMBLE IN APRIL
SEVERAL THOUSAND DELE
GATES EXPECTED.
Plans for the Work in Newly Ac
quired Possessions of the
United States to Be
Mapped Out.
Special DispaKh to The Call.
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 29.— The local
committee having in charge the ar
ran-cme I"*'1 "*' for the Ninth Jriennial In
ternational Sr.r.day-school convention,
which is to be held here in Anril next
in the Ynung Men's Christian Associa
tion parlnrs, met to-day and took up
the work of carir - for xV > big gather
ing and looking into other details. The
convention will meet on April 27, 2S and
29 and about 2000 delegates from all
parts of the United States, several
South American countries, Canada,
Mexico, England and possibly India
will be here, beveral days before the
convention the international lesson
committee, of which Kjv. John Potts.
D.D., of Toronto, Onto , is chairman,
will meet in Atl. ta to map out the
Sunday-soLool lessons for the next six
years.
Possibly the most important work to
come before the cony on will be the
study of whet Sunday-school work can
and should be done in tl.e newly ac-
quired territory of the United States
and in Cuba, The Baptist, Methodist
and other denominational Sunday
school boards have already begun the
establishment of Sunday-schools in
Porto Rico, Cuba, and even Hawaii.
The international organization will
take up this matter, and these new ac
quisitions to our territory undoubtedly
will be taken into the international field.
If the Philippines are permanently ac
quired the work wi: c carried on over
there.
A number of changes in th Sunday
school work will be discussed and some
important changes inaugurated. The
work among the colored population of
the south will be given es*pecial atten
tion. Mexico has only recently been
taken into the Held, and the work there
must be considered. The convention
does not draw the line at color or race.
There will be a number of negro dele
gates, and in view of this fact two or
three of Atlanta's leading colored citi
zens have 1 placed on the local ar
rangements committee
At to-day s meetin- it was decided to
open the convention with a musical
chorus of 1500 voices at the auditorium
in Exposition Park. The entertainment
committee, headed by H. H. Cabanos,
includes among its members Hoke
Smith and ex-Governor Northen. It
has sub-committees in each of the 110
churches of Atlanta. Rev. F. R. Car
ter, pastor of » colored church with
5000 members, is leading the colored
people in the matter.
The convention will represent S.nw ov
Sunday-school scholars and about 200.
--000 schools. The largest gathering in
the history of the international associa-
tion is expected.
ENGLISH SWORDS.
The presentation of a sword to Lord
Kitchener (writes a correspondent) in
vests for the moment the swords gener
erally of our warriors with a certain spe
cial interest. It is useful to know, per
haps, that the average prioe%f a One
! man's sword is 5 guineas, while a guards
man's costs £7 10s. The cavalry sword
is r.4 l^ Lnchefl long and weighs 2 pounds
9 ounces. It is an admittedly imperfect
I sword, as it is meant to combine cutting
■ and thrusting, and so is slightly curved.
: The wit of man has not yet devised a
I sword which will be perfect els both a
j cutting and a thrusting weapon. The best
I cutting sword should be heavy and curved
to allow it to bo drawn as you would a
knife through a piece of meat. Our Indian
cavalry have the curved swords, and our
; horsemen used them in the Peninsular
| war. Experience has proved, however,
that a slight punctured wound is much
■ more deadly than a severe cut. An army
; surgeon who had had eleven years' expe
; rience in India once stated that, while he
I had seen the most trifling punctured
wounds terminate fatally, the most fright
: ful cuts were cured. Now the best thrust
: ing sword should be light, narrow, and
! straight, not heavy, broad and curved.
; Our sword is neither one thing nor the
other, but, like so much else in this em
; pire of ours, a compromise. It is slightly
; curved toward the point. Still, on
: the whole, it seems to have served
pretty well at the Omdurman charge. The
, officers' swords, it may be mentioned, are
: generally made of the very best steel ob
tainable, namely, ingot cast steel. The
i metal, however, does not affect the cost
: appreciably. What enhances that is tho
j workmanship, which may be carried to
a very high artistic point, as the Sirdar's
sword proves.— London News.
Strange Funeral Customs.
In an interesting history of his parish
the Rev. James Murray of Kilmaleom,
Renfrewshire, mentions that "nmid the
enjoyments of the people we must not
' fail to notice funerals ; arid he calls at
tention to a curious custom which was
prevalent in connection with them. It ap
pears a sieve containing clay pipes filled
with tobacco was handed around just be
fore the cortege started. Then the mourn
* ers smoked, and when the kirkyard was
; reached, as the grave was being flllled,
i each stepped solemnly forward and cast
his pipe "amang the mools."— Notes and
j Queries.
THE SAD PLIGHT
OF THE UNPAID
CITY TEACHERS
Many on the Verge of
Destitution.
AWAIT SEAWELL'S DECISION
PETITION TOR THE MISSION
COMMERCIAL CLASS.
An Old Order Against the Marriage
of Teachers Which the Board of
Education Is Not Inclined
to Test.
The 27th of this month was expected
by the unpaid teachers to have proved a
"Good Friday" for them, as Judge Sea
well was to have rendered a decision on
that day, which, they hoped, would dis
solve the injunction suit, thus permitting
them to receive at least their salary for
January if not for November and De
cember. But the matter went over to
next Friday, and they. are still waiting.
How Important this salary matter is to
theso employes of the School Department
may be known by the statement that
there are at least 200 unpaid teachers who
are absolutely in want for their three
months' pay. Most of them are. dependent
on their salaries for support from month
to month, not having a dollar laid up fora
rainy day or a school fund deflcit. Rent,
grocery bills and other household ex
penses are staring them in the face, and
no money in sight.
A few instances may show to what des
perate straits those unfortunates are re
duced. One teacher, who had purchased
furniture for her cottage several months
ago on installments, now finds not only
the wolf at her door, but the collector us
well. If the educational money market
or this city does not loosen- up soon she
will lose her furniture and the previous
payments on the. same. Another is three
months In arrears for board and lodging
for herself and little family, and her land
lord, being unfortunately in deep water
from his own business disasters, is on
the verge of closing up his establishment,
ills school teacher tenant is penniless
and the street is threatening her. A third
has been lifting a mortgage from her
nome by monthly payments, but for four
months she has been unable to meet her
obligations and her creditor is clamorous
Panics could be given in many cases
proving that this statement is not imagin
ary, but, of course, such publication will
not be made. While many of the mer
chants and other creditors, who have sup
ply claims against the department, need
their money, their situation is not nearly
so desperate as that of the unpaid teach
ers.
Judge Seawell's decision, if favorable to
an immediate settlement of these claims,
should come speedily. Seven days' delay
means much to a penniless creditor. Tt
has been stated tbkt the decision may
force the entire school system of the city
to shut down for three months. Such
result would bring trouble on trouble for
the already destitute teachers.
In the work of retrenchment and econ
omy such questions as salaried vacations
and the employment of married female
teachers have come into notice. The va
cation matter may be disposed of by the
fact that teachers are really employed by
the year and formerly they were paid in
eight installments, which arrangement
was afterward changed to twelve pay
ments. The matrimonial matter was not
so easily settled. There is an ancient rule,
order or law in the department, that a
married woman shall not be elected as a
teacher and should a teacher marry she
must resign. Several years ago the
board "let down the bars," as an old
bachelor educator expressed it, "and
about a dozen schoolmarms immediately
Jumped over into the matrimonial corral.
This rush to the altar caused the cruel
Directors to put up the bars again. How
ever, there has been a marriage now and
then, but the board has never dared to
make a test of their law, fearing that no
Supreme Court would decide that a bride
was professionally or morally incompe
tent, even if she add her earnings to her
husband's income.
The following petition protesting
against the closing of the Mission High
School commercial department was ac
tively circulated yesterday and over 2000
signatures were obtained.
To the Honorable Board of Education of the
City and County of San Francisco— Gentlemen:
The undersigned taxpayers and residents of the
Mission and parents of children attending the
Mission High School, and whose children are
students in the commercial classes of Bald
school, respectfully and earnestly ask you not
to dose the said commercial classes. We
heartily Indorse your determination to correct
the many evils caused by the unlawful and
wrongful action of the late linard, but we ask
you to consider thp welfare of the one hundred
and three pupils in the commercial classes of
the Mission High School, who are now in the
middle of the school year and would be de
prived of all the benefits of their last year's
Btudy If the resolution of your board passed
last Wednesday evening is now enforced. We
believe that you are faithfully endeavoring to
improve the schools of the city, but we ask
you to give us an opportunity to be heard in
this important matter, and we therefore again
urge that the order closing the commercial
classes of the Mission High School should be
suspended and that we be granted a hearing
at the next meeting of your board.
The petition will be presented to the
Board of Education this evening. Princi
pal Bush of the Polytechnic states that
his school can accommodate about eighty
five pupulls from the Mission commercial
classes.
PARIS IS PROVINCIAL.
Thinks Only of Dreyfus and Thinks
All the World Does So, Too.
I went out on Sunday to a little town
just over twenty miles from Paris. I
dined in the inn— a couple of cyclists from
Paris yawning at the other side of the
table, a local notary and a couple of
friends at the top. Afterward, having no
French money, I proposed to pay the bill
with a sovereign. A sovereign is currency
in the remotest village of Norway, in
Turkey, in Egyptian mud bazaars, where
a whlto man is hardly ever seen. But the
French innkeeper, twenty miles from
Paris, had never seen a sovereign and
never heard of one, and he absolutely
declined, with the utmost politeness, to
bid more than 20 francs for it.
That is a parable of the present state of
things In France. In England we are
troubled and grave, preparing our fleets,
regretful that France will be our enemy,
that France insists on having war. But
if war came nobody would be more utter
ly astounded than France. France is
paying absolutely no attention to the
Fashoda question. If we declared war
France would consider it a most unpro
voked aggression, just as she regards the
present plain speaking of our journals as
mere mud throwing, such as she is ac
customed to read in her own press about
the Dreyfus affair.
France, in brief, is just nuw Interested
in something else— namely, the affair.
And it is utterly impussili'.e to persuade
her that what absorbs her floea not equal
ly absorb the whole world. The queen of
civilization is wholly and hopelessly
provincial.— London Mail.
One Way to Go Hunting.
A remarkable occurrence is reported
from Millau (Aveyron). Two broth
ers named Perie, living at Peyrcioau,
]i arned that in a crovas.se in the rocit?
near thoir village vsas a i-ave frequented
| by a large number of more or less wild
beasts. They decided to trap them, and
I devisul tin fallowing cruel plan.
Taking to the entrance of the crevasse
a live fox which they had captured, they
soaked the poor animal in petroleum, set
It on fire and drove It into the beasts'
den, after having constructed before the
| mouth of the crevasse a barricade suffl
i ciently strong to check any rush that
I might be made by the inmates.
The latter, maddened by the terrifying
spectacle of the burning fox, which
dashed about In all directions In its
agony, made a desperate rush for the
exit, fighting and tearing one another in
their wild efforts to escape.
In less time than It takes to tell, the
stupefied hunters saw their barricade in
vaded by an avalanche of various kinds
of animals, upon which they threw them
selves and struck out right and left with
clubs and knives. At last all the beasts
were killed, though the hunters did not
escape scot free. When the dead animals
were collected it was found that there
were two badgers, seven wild rabbits,
three martens, eleven weasels, one pole
cat, four foxes, five hedgehogs, nine
squirrels, seventeen snakes, six owls and
fifteen bats.— London Mail.
Old Dundee.
Where docks now line the river front
and merchantmen float, shaggy natives
paddled their little craft and fished They
were hardy and adventurous, and, con
tent neither with gathering shellfish on
the shore nor with hooking the salmon
and Sperling, they attacked and captured
the larger visitors to the firth, notably
the porpoise. They hunted, too, and, with
venison from the forests and beyond the
Law and fish from the river, no doubt
fared sumptuously every day.
These hunters and fishermen lived on
Tayside at a period so remote that tne
most cautious guess concerning it takes
on a shade of recklessness. Less than
twenty years ago they were found to have
left a record of themselves in a rubbish
heap known in scientific nomenclature as
a 'kitchen midden." Raking through the
debris of the life primeval disclosed, says
Mr. Lamb, "shells of edible mollusks
mixed with a quantity of burned wood,
pieces of bone artificially split, porpoise
bones, deers' horns, and stone imple
ments." No doubt was thus left of the
occupation and mode of life of the set
tlers.
Now comes the remarkable part of the
story. The "midden" was covered with
earth twelve feet deep, "either detritus or
the result of a landslip," and eight feet
above the excavators found twelve stone
coffins of the Roman era. "Ages must
have elapsed," says the antiquary, be
tween the time when the Stannergate was
inhabited by these early fishermen and
the Stone Period, when the interments
took place."— Good "Words.
Grewsome Statues.
Seeing that flower fads and even Im
mortelles have but their day. the sorrow
ing family of one gentleman cast about
for some original and enduring way of
perpetuating the memory of their belo'ed
one, and they discovered it. too. Briefly,
they immortalized by metallizing him.
That is to say. they reversed the opera
tion of the pagan gods and changed the
body of what was once a living creature
Into a statue, which is to be seen at the
Cemetery of Pere Laehaise, where it lies
in a triple coffin of glass. The corpse
having been plunged into phenic acid, and
washed in a solution of silver, was placed
in a galvano-plastic bath. The result is
a statue in every respect Identical with
the individual, and. to use a Hibermcism,
strikingly lifelike. The doctor whose
method was successfully .•mployed to
bring about this curious transmutation
confidently hopes that in future all public
statue will be made on the same principle.
But the statue-erecting mood no longer
prevails in Paris just now. Indeed, most
politicians and people arc Iconoclasts, and
would gladly demolish many of the ex
isting monuments to dead celebrities, «nd
quite a number of living ones to boot.—
London Telegraph.
Prussian Compulsory Service.
Compulsory Fervico has been in force in
Prussia since 1817, and in 1871 it was ex
tended to the whole of the empire. Every
German, with exceptions similar to those
in France, must serve twelve years in the
army or navy. The term of service in
cludes two years with the colors in the
standing army (three years in the caval
ry and artillery); four years in the re
serve of the standing army, two years in
the Landwehr and four years in the Land
strum. On leaving the active army and
passing into the reserves the men may
he refused permission to emigrate during
their first year of civil life.
After the standing army has been re
cruited to its full strength each year the
surplus conscripts are enrolled in the
Ersatztruppen, and for twelve years un
dergo annual training. Until the age of
42 ; v 1 1 Germans, whether they have served
in the active army or only in the Ersatz
truppen, are liable to be called upon to
serve in the Landstrum. In the infantry
men of good education are allowed, under
certain conditions, to purchase their dis
charge after one year's service. — Cham
ber's Journal.
Found the Needle After 17 Years.
In the summer of 1881 Miss Emma J.
Keener of Marion, <>.. swallowed a needle
one inch and a fourth long, which she had
used in sewing. At the time It gave her
much alarm, but, suffering no incon
venience, she was advised to await re
sults, as nothing could be done but to let
it have its course. The following year
she married Jacob W. Berry. She is now
the mother of six children, but has not
suffered from any serious illness, occa
sionally complaining of a distress in the
stomach, which was attributed to indi
gestion. For three days past she has
complained of something pricking her in
the pit of the stomach, which sensation
increased in violence, until last evening
she discovered a sharp point protruding
from the stomach just below the eugi
form cartilage, and, upon grasping it,
brought out the broken needle, three
fourths of an inch in length. The ques
tion now that troubles the patient is,
what has become of the other piece of
the needle, and how did it become broken?
She is suffering no Inconvenience, but is
somewhat nervous over the result.—Cin
cinnati Commercial Tribune.
Bravery His Business.
"Did you tell that young man that there
axe microbes in a kiss?" asked Maud.
"Yes," answered Mamie. "But he has
a reputation to sustain as a hero. He
doesn't dare to be afraid of anything."—
Washington Star.
"WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 29, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
lust season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..• u.OO 17:80 15. 69
Red Blurt" 0.00 13. 05 6.62
Sacramento O.UO 7.86 5.36
San Francisco 0.00 7.67 5.19
Fresno 0.00 3.72 2.31
Han Luis Obtspo 0.00 6.92 2.56
Los Angeles 0.00 2. 53 3.79
Hiii Diego 0.00 3.41 3.12
Yuma 0.00 1.33 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
71; minimum, 55; mean, 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over Washington, Ore
gon and the plateau region, partly cloudy over
California and clear in Arizona. Rain is fall
ing on the Washington coast.
The pressure Is highest along the Oregon
coast and lowest in Montana. The pressure
has fallen quite rapidly over the northern
Rocky Mountain region.
The changes in temperature have been slight.
In the great valleys of California the maxi
mum temperatures ranged about 70 degrees.
Conditions are favorable for continued fair,
■warm weather in California Monday. .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 30, 1599:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Monday:
continued warm; light, generally northerly
wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday.
Utah— Cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
continued warm; light northerly wind.
Pp<'c!al from M"imt TamalpaiF— Clear; wind
northwoFt, 16 miles; temperature. 62: maxi
mum, 62. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
*HB CAIX'B CALENDAR.
January, 189 S.
8
We
j I
&
It.
;T
3*
Mood's Phases
L.t.14 Quarter
January 4.
jjx New Moon.
W January 11.
10
IT
14
21
2
-n\ First Quarter,
Jt January 18.
©Full Moon,
January 26.
NOTICE TO MAKINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrography
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco tor the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exjjen3e.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocoan commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market strest, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and' dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic sißnal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. 8. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charee.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic. Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, JANUARY 30.
Sun rises ...._ " :13
Sun sets 5:31
Moon rUes 9:27 p. m.
O
i
!*
Ft.
Ft.
ill ...
51 ...
1 ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
6.;
5.:
6.
5.1
5.
E.
6.
7:-
-8:1
94
10:!
11:1
tt-.l
1:'
L!
1.
l.:
0.:
O.i
o.:
1:39
2:31
3:34
I 4:52
6:23
I 7:64
[ 9:00
4.'
I)::
- 4.:
4.1
I 8.
7:38
8:14
8:52
9:42
10:40
11:45
0.9
1.3
I.S
2.3
2.6
3.0
3:;
4:1
5:1
6::
3.7
4.0|
LI
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
eiven are additions to the soundines on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and th<»n the number Riven is subtractPd from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference iH tho mean ot the lower lnw waters..
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. ! Due.
Mineola JTacoma Jan. 29
Columbia Portland Jan. 30
Coos Buy Newport Jan. 30
Chilkat Humboldt Jan. 30
Wellington Departure Bay Jan. 30
Fulton [Portland .„ Jan. 30
Czarina Puget Sound [Jan. 30
Grace Dollar... [Grays Harbor Jan. 30
C. Nelson ,]Puget 50und...... Jan. 30
Ruth [Coos Bay Jan. 30
Areata Coos Bay 'Jan. 30
Australia Honolulu [Jan. 31
Alliance Portland Jan. 31
Newburg [Grays Harbor Jan. 31
North Fork lHumboldt Feb. 1
Corona.:.. [San. Diego [Feb. 1
Queen..... Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 1
P0m0na.,.'...... Humboldt Feb. 1
Point Arena — Point Arena Feb. 2
Washtenaw.,... Tacoma .: Feb. 2
Orizaba. '..'...... Newport Feb. 3
Coptic ..' China and Japan Feb. 3
Aztec China and Japan Feb. 3
Curacao .'Coos Bay Feb. 3
Wyefleld Nanaimo Feb. 3
A. Blanchard.. Coos Bay Feb. 3
Signal IWlllapa Harbor Feb. 3
Willamette [Seattle Feb. 3
Geo. W. Elder.. JPortland Feb. 4
Weeott.. JYaqulna Bay Feb. 5
Santa Rosa Ban Diego [Feb. 5
Crescent City... Crescent City. IFeb. 5
Walla Walla... .[Victoria & Puget Sound[Feb. 6
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 30. 11 amiPler 11
'Umatilla Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 31, 10 am Pier 11
.Chilkat .... Humboldt Jan. 31, 2 pm Pier 13
Areata Coos Bay ...... Jan. 31. 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport..'..... Feb. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Aloha I Point Arena.. Feb. 1, 3 Pier 2
Excelsior ..Alaska Feb. 1, 9 am Pier 28
Columbia Portland Feb. 2, 10 am Pier 24
City of RiolChina&Japan Feb. 2, 1 pm PMSS
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Feb. 2, 10 am Pier 20
Corona San Diego Feb. 3, 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 4, 3pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Puget Sound.. Feb. 4 J
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 5, 10 am Pier 9
Orizaba .... Newport Feb. 5. 9 am Pier 11
Weeott ..|Yaqulna Bay. Feb. 7. 5 pm Pier 13
\v
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, January 29.
U S Btmr Bear. Tuttle, 4 days from Seattle.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Br str-- Wellington, Salmond, 8U days from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Albion, Erlckson, 17 hours from Albion.
Br ship City of New York, Jones, 136 days
from Liverpool.
Br ship Ditton, Stap, 161 days from New
castle, England.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, 21 days from Honolulu.
Sehr Monterey, Beck,! 16 hours from Mon
terey.
SAILED.
;■,"_• Sunday, January 29.
' Ptmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfleld, Seattle.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Bark Annie Johnson, Rock, Hllo.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu.
Schr Gem, Nelßon, Coos Bay. ;' • r.'
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, Coos Bay.
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup, Point Arena,
Schr Mary Etta, An.lerson, Fisks Mill.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, Stew
arts Point.
Schr Laura Madsen, Rasmussen, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land-
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan. 29, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles.
SPOKEN.
Nov 23—50 S 64 W, ship Wm H Smith, from
Philadelphia for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 29— Bark
Hesper. from Honolulu 1 ..* ■'•'
CLALLAM BAT— la bay Jan 29— Br ship
Walter H Wilson, from Tacoma for Queens
town.
PORT TOWNSEND— In bay Jan 29— Br stmr
Tartar, from Vancouver for Yokahama and
Hongkong.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Willamette,
hence Jan 24; stmr Progreso, hence Jan 26.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 29— Schr Glen, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 29— Stmrs Brunswick
and Chilkat, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Jan 29— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka. .
Arrived Jan 29— Schr James H Bruce, from
Tacoma.
USA li— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Jan Schr
Newark, hence Jan 2S.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Jan 29— Br ship Gunford,
from S,in Diego.
Sailer! Jan 29— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco; Br bark Balasore, for Queenstown; Br
ship Allerton, for Queenstown.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Catania,
from Hamburg. •
Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Noordland, for Copen
hagen .
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 29— Servla,
from New York. • •. " '
Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Lucania, for New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Jan 29— Stmr Anchorla.for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Cymric,
from New York.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I 625 KKAK.M' NT. Established
m In 1854 for the treatment of Prlrata
■ Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Jfc disease wearinjron bodyand mindand
E9 skin Diseases. The dcctorcureswheti
■ others fall. Try him. Charges low
■ I'Dreicnarantrrd. Callorwrlte.
Br.J. f. «IBB©ST. Box l»s7,fc>an Francisco
! Ta^^rrT m "^ — "— —
BAILROAD TSAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saucalito Parry.
FROM SAN KUA-NLihU) TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
i WEEK DAYS— »7:20 t - •9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 'I:4a.
3:45, 6:15, 'e^O, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, •10.00, »ll:30 a. m.: •MS.
8:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
! Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
■ FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:35, 7:45. »9:20 a. m.;
I ♦12:20, 2:20. »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, »10:C0. *;i:65 a. m.;
i •1:15, *3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
; Trains marked • start from San Quentin. '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
I 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20, 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations. • .
1:00 a.m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's.
' THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. IS, 18M, trains will run as follows:
South-bound j j North-bournl. |
| Passen-| Mixed. [ I Mixed. jPassen-
ger. (. Sunday| Sunday ger.
i Daily. Exc'ptd Btat!on3. Exc'ptd Dally.
7:2oam|lo:3oam Stockton | 3:45pm 6:Copm
9:loam 2:ospm Merced l!!:40pm 4:13
; 10:40 am 5:35pm Fresno I 9:3oam 2:42pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford | 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25pm 12:30 am Eakersneld I 2:toam ll:0uam !
j 11:59 am C:23pm Visalia | 6:4oam I:22pm
12:15pm 6:53pm ' Tulare | s:soam| I:ospm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco- .. . > .
AUCTION SALES.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer ....602 Market et.
EXTRAORDINARY AUCTION.
THE MOST MAGNIFICENT IMPORTED I
FRENCH FURNITURE. WATER COLORS,
OIL PAINTINGS, BRONZES. AND STATU-
ARY. Contained in the Residence of a French
Family Departing for Europe.
THIS DAY.
THIS DAY JANUARY 30. 1539
At 11 O'clock A. M.
Full particulars in Chronicle.
KAILEOA7J TBAVEX..
_ __^^,^_^__^^^«,^,, .
HOVTHKB!! PACIFIC CO3IPAICT.
(PACiriC HYMTICM.)
7raln« Ir»i<- mill me itittt to urrlie ml
NAN I'IUNCINVO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LBatx — Fp.o« Dec 18. 1338. — arrivb
•6:OOa Nilee. Ban Jose Wsj Statlona... *8:43 a
7:OOa Beulcia, Suisuu and S&cramento.... S:43r
TiOOa. MarjiTille, OroviUeaud Ueddlng rla
Woodland 8:45r
7:OOa Kin-.ira, VacaTillo aud Ruuisey J»:-4ip
~:dOx Martinez, Sau ßamon, Vnllejo. Napa,
t.'aliitcea and Santa Rosa 0:1
m *:OOa Atlantic Kxprens, Ogdeu and Uast.. 8:43»
»i»OA Ban Joea, LiTermore, Stockton,
' lone, Sacramento, Plaounllle,
MarrsTiil*. C'hlco, Ue.l HiiilT 4:ISp
S:3oa •Milton, Oakdalf and Jamestown... 4:lBr
0:OOa Martinez. Tncy, Lathroy, Stockton,
Moroeil and Fresno 12tl8p
BiOOa Ftasno, liakfirsliold. tjanta lUrliara.
- Loa Angeles, Demiug, El Paso,
New Orleans and Bast 6:43r
10.-OOa Vallfjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:40*
la.OOsi Niles, Lirermore, Stockton, B&cra-
n men to, Meudota, Hanford, Viaalia,
Porterrillo 4:15»
*l>OOr Sacraiueiito lt^Ter Steamers *8:00p
l:<KJi' Martinez, Han ltanion, Vallojo,
Napa, Caliatog*. Sunta lloia 0:10 a
4:00f Beuicia, Vacavillr, Hacrammito,
Wo(«lland, Knights Landing,
Marj«»Ule, Ororille 10:45 a
4:3opNUes. Sac Jose aud Stockton 7:13*
s:UopSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno. Bakersneld, Los
Apgeles 9»4SA
S:3op StooktOL,, Meiced, Fresno 18:15*
5:30p Martinez, Traoy, JSendotki Fresno,
Mojavo, Santa llarbara and Los
AnicttlMi . SiA^A
15: OOP Faclflc Coast Limited, El Paao.
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East 19:45
s:8or danta Fe Bu<im Aluuiiiu I'.xpreiM
for Mojavo ai.-l K»at 8t4.1p
6:OOr r.iirop?Hii Mull, l>z<\m< und Rmcl.... l>:^.•v^
O:OOp Haywardit, XilesondSan Joss 7»43a
•6:«<>l- Vkllejo 1 2:1
t7:oor Vallejo. Port Costa and Way .Sta-
tions VJ:4*r
SiOOp Oregon 15xiir«ss,.S»cruiiieiilii. Marys-
»llle, IteiMlnK. I'ortUml. I'iiKCt
NdiuidaiKl lCust B»I»*
lOiO^p Sunset Limited. Frc.mo. !.os
Angrles, Xl l'aso, Ne« Orl»»r.g
and East ...,. fcl;<^p
' KAN LKA.NMiO AM> lIAVUAUKs L(>( Al..
(Foot of Market Street )
IlolroNe, St'ini unrjr Turk,
8:00 a Ht«lil>nr»r. Klmttnmt, S:43a
<O:O«>a San lirantlro. Snulii Sail i*U:l3a
lO.OOa I.canrfro, f>tii<lillo, 1O:I3a
«1:OOa liorenxo, Uliorry ■ t*i**f
8:«0p and ll:1.1p
8:00p ll.iyw«n!». «5i45p
7ioof i Euu« tl.r»ii'«h to Niles. 71 " 15p
j t From Niles. I
' COAST DIVInION (Narrow finiiKe). ~
■ (Foot of Market Street.) ____
8:13 a Newark.Oenfcarviile, San Jose, Feltnn,
BoalUer Crtek.Santa and Way
Station*. 3:3W
•8:lBp Newark, Centerrllle, flan Jose, New
Almaden, Feltou, Jlouider Creek,
Santa Cruz and Fricoipsl Way
SUUona • «1O:»O4
4:13p Newark. Han Jose and Loa Gatoa... 9:20 a
f11:45p Hunters' Excnrsion, San Jose and
Way Stations t*»2o>
CPEEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX FRAHOISCO — Fo«t of Karkat Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl:30 •2:00 *3:00 ■
•4:00 t6:00 •8:00
rremOlUlHD— Fe»torßra»dw»T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tl2:00 *l:00 t2:00 . *3:00 t*:00 # 8:03p.H.
((MSI IMVISiON (ItroadOange). *
(Third ui'd Townseml Sta.) _ —
7:OOa San .lost, anil Way Stutim>s (New "*
Alraadeu Wednesdays only) li3o*
•iOOa Han Ji»«, Tr«s I'inos, Hmita ('run,
l'acilic (li uru, Paso llobles, San
Lnls Oliispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
I'rinctinU Way Statlmw 4tlOp
l*l4oA San ,\om ami Way HUtlons 'SiOOa
I1:3Oa San J<«« ami Way Stations....... ° S:33*
•ai4sr3an Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Banta Clara, Han .lone,
Ollrny, Hollister. Santa Crnr,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
(Jrovr... 4 "IOiS«»
•H:3OpSau Jose aud Way Btntlnns ♦•):<>«*
•4ilspBanJo«eainl Principal Wny Rlatl.ms U:43*.
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Htations 6:»5a
B:8Or Sau Jose audPrlneiiial Way Stations 5:.10p
«::U»r San Jose aud Way Stations 7:30p
fll:4Bp San Job»bii«l Way Stations t:HOr
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
• Rnnday* excoptert. J SunOfty* only. r Satnriluys only
c and Thursdays. aT>i-«iiay» and Saturdays.
5-i»t'i-<i-iy«.iml'Wr,ln»-*il»5M Whin f»T« and ,Sur.ilMi
CALIFGSNU NOBT3W ESTESN EY. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rrj, Foot ot Market St.
FRANCISCO TCI SAN RAFAEX*.
XTEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; IJ:JJ.
l:*0, B:10. 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trta
*t 11:30 p. m. gaturdaya— Extra trips at i:il
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-S:00. »:M. 11:00 a. m.: IM. »:««.
E:0O. 6:28 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: U:tt.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. 6aturday9— Extra trips) <U
1:65 and 6:."5 P. m.
BUNDAYB— II:IOV S:«. U:10 a. m.; 1:*», S:M.
1:00 5.25 p. m.
Between Sun Francisco and Bchuetaeo Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 14, •
Week 1 Sun- 1898. Bun- Week
Days. | days. Destination. days. Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:44 an»
S:3opin 9:Soam Petaluma. 6:lopm 10: JSaia
1:10pm 6;W>pnJ Santa Rosa. B:B6pm «:2ipia
j Fulton.
tJ»am Windsor. 10:»ani
Bealdsburc
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
l:SCpm S:ooam Cloverdale. 7:»spm SttSyrq
Hopland and
IJOaxn B:Coam Uklab. 7:35pm 6:2lptni
f;lOam 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemeville. 7:25 pm
8:!0pm _^ <:Mpaj
I:2o am 8:00 am Bonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
ana
J :10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm « :JJ pm
ftOam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 aq
1:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:Sspm 6:J2 pra
EtaKes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
•ervilTe for Skaggß Springs; at Cloverdale foe
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
I Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlate
Springs: at Uklih for Vicby Springs. Saratoga,
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttse
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. I/erley's, Bucknell'a.
Panhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Boonevllle. Orr"si
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Weetport. Usal. Wlllltta. Laytonvllle. Cum.
' mlnK"s. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olaen's. Dyar,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tlcketa al
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tlcketa to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bide*
'■ H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa Route
Concocting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
j Arrives in Chicago at 9:62 A. M.tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arrivlngr In Nev*
York l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "3UFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Sll FRANCISCO TIKETIfFICE— MARKET SI
TELEPHONE JTAIX 153 L
Oakland Offioo— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Omca— 7 We3t Santa Olar* SI
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
iVla Sau&allio rcrry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
6«pt. 11. 1S98:
Week Days— 9:lo a, m., 1:45 p. m.
Bundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. n>.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
TBOB. COOK & SON. Asanta. 611 MirM
«ll»«l &mjx Vmnalmaa.
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ATTEMPTING TO
HIDE THE SPOTS
OF A LEOPARD
Combine Said
to Be Inactive.
THE LATEST POLITICAL JOKE
IS OAKLAND AH ASYLUM FOR
LUNATICS?
Many Interesting Side-Lights Are
Throwing Their 3-ays on che
Approaching Elec
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 20.
Oakland cm always be depended upon
to act queerly at a municipal election,
and it is very evident that this year is to
be no exception. Judging by some of the
men with official records, who are again
declaring they would like a term of of
fice, one might suppose that such can
didates consider Oakland as being one
large lunatic asylum. Nor would such a
conclusion be altogether unwarranted.
In the past men known to be opposed to
public Interests and personal rights have
been elected several times to succeed
themselves, and just now an attempt is
being made to repeat the trick. It re
mains for the voters to declare their com
petency or non-competency by electing or
repudiating such candidates.
The suggestion is being insidiously
whispered about all over the city that the
water companies are not taking any hand
in this campaign. It is referred to as a
remarkable fact that the combine is do
ing nothing politically and is evidently
content to let matters take their course.
Just why these rumors should be so in
dustriously circulated and in such a man
ner as to appear to possess the imprint
of truth can hardly deceive an intelligent
voter. It might deceive a few individuals
who see in the water companies a means
of purifying politics, but none other.
If anything can be more absurd and
more insulting to an intelligent citizen
than the suggestion that the water com
panies are not interested in a political
campaign, I would like to know what it
• 'akland has developed all kinds of
freaks and freakishness. but has never
yet sent forth such an Insane idea that
two— or one— powerful corporations are
not interested in their income. To place
nee in such suggestions is to believe
that the corporations do not care whether
water rates are 25 cents or as many dol
lars. Oi course, the water companies are
in politics, and the fact that they are not
working openly on the streets or shout
ing from housetops is the best proof pos
sible that they are gradualjy extending
their tentacles under the surface and do
ing everything possible to elect a Council
that will do their bidding as faithfully as
did the six men last spring.
Comment has often been made on the
fact that in addition to the seven Coun
cilmen, one from each ward, there should
be four t'ouncilmen at large, provided for
by the city charter. The four extra mem
bers cannot be apportioned evenly among
seven wards, and therefore the favored
wards hav>- always been'able by starting
out with two votes, to obtain an ad
vantage over other wards less fortunate.
There can be no doubt that it was not an
accident that the charter provides for
these four extra Councilmen.
A giant ■ at Oakland's organic law re- j
veals two facts, the signficance of which j
is not sufficiently appreciated. One is that
the Mayor possesses the power of vetoing
a!! ordinances passed by the Council, the
other is thai eight out of the eleven votes j
are necessary to pass a measure over the
Mayor's veto. Thus it can be seen at a
glance that an agreeable Mayor and four,
agreeable Councilmen control the- situa- :
tlon, and that any interest has only to in
sure the election of the Mayor and four
Councilmen to snap its finger at the re- |
maining seven Councilmen. therefore, su
preme efforts are always made by those
Who would control government for selfish
purposes to center their strength upon the I
Mayor and the Councilmen at large— and ;
in one way or other they have generally j
succeeded.
Two years ago they succeeded in cap- i
turing three of the wards, and these three.
with their two Councilmen at large and
Colonel Woodward, given to them by ap
pointment of Mayor Thomas, made the ;
"solid six."
At this time it is well for people who do j
not approve <>f paying a fair rate for i
wr.tf r and an equal amount t'> the compa- j
nies for influencing legislation, to bear
these ideas In mind. I do not believe it !
possible for any of the six Councilmen to i
ho re-elected, nor do I believe it possible :
for the four of the other five who are
seeking re-election to be <!< feated. In
either instance the disgrace to the city
would be perf* ct.
Altogether too much has been said
about Rev. Dr. Coyle's signature being on
Councilman Woodward's petition. The in
cident possesses no Hignfieaneo, and If It
was exploited by Woodward for the pur
pose of drawing votes toward him !t has
proved a positive boomerang. It has
caused Dr. Coyle to state positively that
hf will not vote for Woodward and that
Woodward is aware of «. Dr. Coyle act
ed in my judgment in a very straightfor
ward manner. Woodward has a perfect
right to get on the ballot, and this right
of citizenship cannot be taken away from
him by any political party. No doubt on
his petition there are Democrats. Republi
can? and others .and the names possess no
significance except as each represents one
of the number necessary to enable him to
plac< himself in nomination.
It is perhaps better that Woodward
should go before the people on ins merits.
If the Fifth Ward should re-elect him its
residents would he honorably compelled to
consider themselves as bodyguards to any
Councilman whom in the future it might
be necessary to escort home to protect
him from outraged citizens. Any resi
dent in the Fifth Ward should be eager to
have Mr. Woodward's name go before
the. people for municipal honors, for it Is
undoubtedly the best manner poss, ■ ■•■ in
which Mr. Woodward can be assured
that his judgment as a Councilman in
certain matters is not favorable with his
constituents.
It would bo a pretty safe speculation to
support Felton Taylor for a winner in the
race with Major Woodward.
Overzealousness is not commendable in
legislation. This is realised now by those
gentlemen who handled the county gov
ernment bill at Sacramento two years
ago. A wave of economy which, like all
oib.rr good things, comes along' period
ically, pervaded the lawmakers, and Ala
meda County was left in an unenviable
position as regards her county officers.
From being remunerated much too hand
somely they «rere cut down to compara
tlvely moderate salaries. The pruning,
however, <iii not end with the principals.
The legislators undertook to arange for
the help of each office. In some instances
they were generous, in others niggardly.
Now those who were generously treated
arc satisfied; i"ne others are hoping for an
amendment, but so far have not met with
much encouragement This is not right.
The county departments in Alameda arc.
as a rule, well managed, and the public
has no right to complain. The argument
is being made at Sacramento that it
would be unconstitutional to increase the
salary of an official while in office. This
is tr<a. But it is niaking no increase 'to
the salary of an official to provide him
with enough deputies t'< do the work of
his office. Under the old plan of making
a lump appropriation for the office, no ad
fiiUon could be made during the term, but
FOR A REPUBLICAN BOARD OF WORKS.
/ **<>» Mayo-*-. |"»* City- Atr-wusy I lj^CrT-« EnGmrea... 1
O (~\ AKLAND, Jan. 29.— The principal struggle In the city govern- &
& I I ment is always for the control of the Board of Public Works. O
r> Any two of the three members can at any session change the 0.
£ entire -ersonnel of the Police, Fire and Street Departments from &
.0 chief to the least important office. The Republicans and the Munic- &
& ipal League have for the first time since the board was constituted 8
C* as at present agreed on the same nominees for the oQices. Roland '■&.
O W. Snow has riven perfect satisfaction as City Auditor for ten 8
£> years, and could have been Mayor two years ago had he so desired. O
O William A. Dow nas served as a Councilman, and for the past two #.
JCS years has made a very capable City Attorney. He was rewarded with. 0>
B a renomination by his party. M. K. Miller has been Street Superin- 8
<Q> terident for three years, and has given such an efficient administration 8
O that the present majorityof the Board of Works, although they so .0!
O desired, did not dar«» to remove him in the face of popular opposition O
<0« to such action. The Republicans have nominated him for City En- $
O! gineer. - £■
»aaooB0«oB»BS»soo««saoo©o»&oo»ooaoo
?**> ?•* >rS Jw\ 'V* ***■ J*r- -^ *
now that the salaries have gone into ef
fect it would seem but just and reason
able that the necessary amendments be
supported by the Legislature.
There is one question I would like to
have answered which directly affects Ala
meda County. In the investigation into
bribery charges at Sacramento a tremen
dous amount of proof has been brought
out concerning the existence of the under
banded methods of Mr. Burns and Mr.
Grant. Yet all these facts have had to
be squeezed out through fear of the re
sult that might follow failure to testify.
How great is the mass of corruption tnat
must actually exist if all that, lias come
to light has had to be obtained under such
immense pressure? Perhaps there arc
some who would be able to speak for
this county. t
It was Indeed very unkind of the San
Francisco girls to take advantage of the
innocence of Oakland's young ladles and
teach them to like punch. In no other way
could the habit have taken a hold on
local society. It Is a very great argu
ment In favor of staying at home. Oak
land is a charming place, and there is no
need for her society to mix with the pre
cocious and punch-loving young people
across the water. The subject has been
so thoroughly raked over that the no
toriety can not fail of good results, li is
safe to predict that there will not be a
punch bowl at any young people's gath
ering for the rest of this season. If any
more dancers collapse on a ball room floor
some other reason must be sought. It
cannot be blamed to the example of those
bad San Francisco girls.
STUART \V. BOOTH.
SELECTS DELEGATES
TO CITY CONVENTION
COMMITTEE OF TWENTY-ONE
TAKES ACTION.
Methods of Democratic Leaders Pre
cipitate a Row at the Afternoon
Session, but the Slate Wins.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2?.— The committee of
twenty-one appointed by the Democratic
City Central Committee, Con Brosnahan
presiding, met to-night and selected the
following delegates to the municipal ' in
vention, to be held at Germania Hall on
next Tuesday night:
First Ward— F. W. Leonhardt. G. Kearns,
John MoNamara. J. B. McDonald, H. <\
Schmidt. J. Powers, B. Conley, S. P. < 'oke.
P. Murphy, W. C. Fletcher, M. Farrrll, ThomiU
Forges, A. McManus, P. S. McQuad. Edward
Murphy. F. J. t'unha, M. de Camps, George M.
Jauavln, John May. J. F. Hanley.
Second AVard— Charles D. Pierce, Thomas F.
Garrity, W. H. Lemmon, Dr. W. J. Smythe.
Robert McKilllcan. H. J. Sohst. A<i>>lph
Bruenn, J. E. Nicholson, Mcl Holme?. Walter
C. H'-attle. H. H. Woriey, John Slavich, M. M.
Dunn, ("hartes T. Clay. James Nolan, James
W Stevens. Herman Rennett, M. K. White,
John Deveroux. DaviO Lynch, N. Cuff.
Third Ward— W. W. Fonte. Harold L. Martin,
Fred Hecker, Q. D. Cunninsham, D. Polk (Jray.
Albert Van Haltren. James .1. White, Robert
Miller, L. C. Shannon. 11. H. llruenn. F. A.
Poor, Frank J. Mofntt. D. F. SeU.y. John P.
Connors. John P. i^arsfleld. James LawtOO, 11.
H. Esterbrook, Louis Scheeline, James Sin
ger, Arthur Martin, Robert Armstrong.
Fourth Ward— D. J. Karr. H. E. Hopkins, M.
T. Kelly, R. E. Wainwrlßht, E. Conatdine, J.
A Hopkin? C. 11. Prefontaine. B. liuthgen,
M. T. Holland, I. Gallagher, E. Spencer, B.
M Rallton C. H. Holman, D. llor&n, Beth
Mann, John Obyrne. D. Denahy, 11. D. Sen
ram W. P. Ryan. Owen Fecney. J. McTavltb.
Fifth Ward— William D. EnffllKh, Thomas
Prnther, R M. Fttzserald. R. .1. Montgomery,
Waiter J. Mathews. I. F Wolfroom. C. H.
Abbott. John M. English, Edward Hackett. J.
F. Lemon. Dr. K. 11. Woolsey, Warren B.
Kn»;lisli If. Clearer. John WnncWlich. Walter
Hackett D. 31. Fennon, L. V. Frederichs, A.
Jacbos J. D. MulKrew. A\ . High Jr.
Sixth Ward— P. E. lialton. Ernest Abrama.
James Scheean, T. Sexton, T. Nolan, Martin
Duridy Martin Ryan. James McGlvney, George
Hallahan. William Stanley, Charles McClcvety,
T J MrfJuire. P. -T. Delehanty. P. McKeon, p.
Ringsolski. L. Figono, John Carr. John Conley,
B Haitri'-tt, W. E. Watson, James J. Land-
Seventh Ward— Dr. H. T. Jones. Henry B.
Kirk C A. KUise, Dr. J. H. Shannon, A.
Fonte Jacob Harris. .Inmes MuKtpv., H. F.
Stetson, K. H. Trlr.p, Dr. A. Fin.-. R. F.
Dubfrnot Frank Ench, AY. V. Harrington, F.
H Richardson. D. B. Parker, Jttdffe A. It.
Rosborousb, S. K. Lemon. \V. C Price, John
W Baker, Thomas Whcaton. Leo Pacfa.
The committee of twenty-one is as
follows;:
First Ward— Henry Schmidt. J. C. Bullock.
M. Hanley.
Second Ward— William Lenane, J. Farrell,
George Smythe.
Thirl Ward— P. O. Kane, V.'. 1?. White. Dr.
W. CVRourke.
Fourth Ward— P. A. Cox, M. X. Hennlngs,
J. P. Fahey.
Fifth Ward— B. McFadden, Henry C. McPike,
C 11. BroHiiahun.
Sixth Ward— Alex Hirsehberg, Hiram Lut
trel, C. n. Oearra.
Seventh Word— M. J. Laymance, Ed La For
tune, O. Trov.-er.
At this afternoon's session a heated
contest was waged. There were two lists
of delegates from the Second Ward, one
presented by William Lenane, the other
by George Smythe. The latter was ac
cepted. From the Third Ward P. O.
Kane, Dr. O'Rourke and M. McDonald
presented one list and W. B. White an
other. White's list was rushed through,
and as a result McDonald walked ovrt,
and another member declared . that his
name had been forged, while still another
objected vigorously to the idea of trans
acting business in back of saloons on
the Sabbath. To-night's session was one
the cooler, and the lists were formally
adopted as published.
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Jan. 29.— Rey. Charles R.
Brown to-night delivered the last of a se
ries of sermons on "The Home End of
Things" at the First Congregational
Church. "Moral Reform" being the pur
ticular phase of the general topic.
Rev. James B. Halsey. dean of the Ca
thedral at Salt Lake City, is visiting with
Rev. F. J. Maynard. and to-night occupied
the pulpit at St. John's Church.
Rev. J. M- French delivered this morn
ing's sermon at the Market-street Congre
gational Church, and to-night Rev. Mac
H. Wallace spoke on "A Prince of
God."
"A Man Asked of God" was the subject
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
I of Rev. J. R. Knodell's sermon to-night
: at the Pilgrim Congregational Church.
Rev. Dr. Coyle preached this morning
' and to-night "at the First Presbyterian
! Church.
At the Centennial Presbyterian Church
Rev. James S. McDonald preached thfs
morning. The evening services w r ere con
ducted by the Endeavorers. Harry Hil
! lard of Berkeley delivering the address.
Rev. A. T. Needham occupied the pulpit
of the First M. E. Church this morning.
To-night the pastor. Rev. E. R. Dille,
spoke on "A Study of Temptation."
"We Have No King but Caesar" was the
I subject of an interesting sermon by Rev.
E. M. Hill at the Twenty-fourth Avenue
• M. E. church this morning.
"Uncle John Vassar, Herb of the Single
' Aim." was the subject of Rev. C. H. Ho
: barfs biographical discourse at the First
Baptist Church this evening.
Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor of the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church, spoke to-night on
: "The Attractions of the Good Way."
Dr. E. B. Spalding of San Francisco de
livered the sermon this morning at the
Church of the Advent, East Oakland,
! taking Rev. V. Marshall Law's place.
•'The True Way to Make Our Country
Great and Glorious." the last of a
series on "The National Outlook." vas
delivered by Rev. J. T. Sunderland at the
Unitarian Church to-night.
SHE WAS THROWN
FROM HER HORSE
MISS MARION HALL BELIEVED
TO BE FATALLY INJURED.
Her Skull Was Fractured by a Vio
lent Fall on Columbus
Avenue.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— Miss Marion Hall
of 1221 Magnolia street, while out riding
this afternoon was thrown from her
horse on Columbus avenue, near Broad
way, sustaining a fracture of the skull,
which may prove fatal.
The young lady was taken to Fahiola
Hospital, where Dr. Nelson Chamberlain,
assisted by the hospital surgeons, attend
ed to her injuries. It was found necessary
to remove particles of splintered bone,
leaving the brain exposed for on area of
about two inches square. The membranes
of the brain were found injured.
During the operation Miss Hull showed
remarkable courage and grit, withstanding
the ordeal bravely, while conscious most
of the time. The surgeons, however, fear
that she cannot recover.
Miss Hall is the daughter of Mrs. Emma
Hall, and a popular society belle. She is
aged about 18 years, and was out riding
in company with a cousin when the acci
dent occurred.
UNIVERSITY TP-ACK TEAM.
Athletes Ready to Don Their Spikes
for the First Turn-Out of the
Season.
BERKELEY, Jan. 29.— Next Wednesday
afternoon the University of California
track tr-am will -make Its first appearance
upon the cinder track for this term, and
from that day onward the season will
continue uninterruptedly until the blue
and gold faces the cardinal in the big
intercollegiate Held day held toward the
end of April.
About eighty men have signed their
names to the training rules. Drum and
Carroll, two of last year's stars, will not
be in college during the season. Drum,
the crack sprinter, is stationed with the
I'nited States troops in Honolulu, and
Carroll, the mile runner. Is now in the
Philippines. Otherwise most of the U. C.'s
old men will enter the next field day.
Kroughton is back for the broad lump,
and is expected to do good work in the
saints. Dicks will try for the 100 and 220
yard dashes. In the hammer throw Gries
berg will follow up his work of last year,
and Jack Hoffman will carry on his train
ing: for the pole vault and high jump.
Woolsey, Plaw and Peck expect to train
for the shot put.
Arrangements will be made soon for a
series of interclass field day;;.
Brutally Assaults a Woman.
OAKLAND. Jan. 29.— Mrs. Jaquez. while
walking on San Pablo avenue, near Six
teenth street, to-night, in company with a
young man named Sharkey, was ap
proached by Thomas O"Neil, who struck
her In the face, knocking her down. Her
escort ran to the City Prison and sum
moned the police, while the woman lay on
tho sidewalk. O'Nell was caught, and a
charge of battery was placed against him
at the City Prison. The accused is a
sun of Martin O'Neil, who is serving a
sentence at San Queniln for murdering
Mrs. Griffith of Alameda.
A Pastor's Home ""ntered.
OAKLAND. Jan. 29.— Shortly after mid
night the residence of Rev. Reinhard
Steinbach, pastor of the First German M.
K. Church, Seventeenth street, between
Telegraph and San Pablo avenues, was
entered by a burglar. The unwelcome vis
itor, while rumaging about a bureau, in
one of the children's bedrooms, made a
slight disturbance, arousing some of the
members of the household, who inquired
aloud, "Who is there?" The burglar has
tened downstairs and out through the
roar door, by which he had gained an en
trance, without securing any booty.
Barn Destroyed by Fire.
OAKLAND. Jan. 29.— Ti.e big barn in
the rear of M. J. Keller's premises at
C 74 East Twenty-seventh street was burn
ed at 10:30 o clock to-night. The barn
and outhouses were burned to the ground,
and the dumage is estimated at about
Xl(hk). The residence adjoining was un
harmed, and the horses were saved. The
origin of tfie fire If not known.
Died of Old Age.
OAKLAND. Jan. 20.— Sarah A. Stlck
ney died to-day at the home of her daugh
ter. Mrs. Harriet E. Hlbberd. 1221 Eighth
street. She leaves a son, B. W. Stickney,
residing in Boston, her native city. She
was 82 years of age and the widow of the
late J. B. Stickney. Her death was due to
old age.
A HUMAN ARM
IS FOUND IN AN
EMPTY BOXCAR
Brakeman John Gen
try's Ghastly Prize.
MAY BE A CLEW TO MURDER
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE
OF GOETZ RECALLED.
•
The Bones May Have Been Placed
There by Medical Students, but
the Police Suspect a
Crime.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 29.— The amputated
arm and shoulder of a man were found
this afternoon In a boxcar at the railroad
transfer station on Pacific j» venue, near
the oil works. The uncanny remnants
were wrapped in a San Francisco paper,
bearing date of June 5. 1898, and outside
was a piece of new Manila wrapping
paper.
The bundle had been tied up with much
care and* when Brakeman John Gentry
discovered it he thought he had found a
prize. He was startled to find that the
package contained human flesh and
bones. The lower bones of the arm and
hand were intact and held together by
dry shreds of flesh. The humerus bone
and scapula had been separated, although
much flesh still clung to them.
The Coroner was notified and took
charge of the bones. A thorough Inves
tigation of the case will be made.
The bundle was placed in the car
some time .during the night. The car
reached Alameda two days ago and was
loaded with coal billed to Alameda point.
The work of discharging was completed
last night, when the car was swept out
and moved to the transfer station.
From the tapering fingers and long nails '
still clinging to the bones of the hand ;
some believe that the arm once belonged j
to a Chinaman and had been placed in the !
car by a medical student. On the other
hai^U the authorities think, that it may
point to .-ome horrible crime. This belief ;
is strengthened from the evident desire !
of the party who disposed of the bundle j
to have It carried away in the empty ;
boxcar, to be found at some point f«tt' ■
remote from Alameda, where the possi. j
billty of geting a clue to the man who j
handled it would be extremely slight.
Jt has been suggested that the bones j
might give a clue to the fate of Adolph
Goetx, the Stanford University student,
who disappeared in Alameda last Novem
ber, lie left the hsuse of a friend lab'
at night to keep an appointment with a
strange man, who had written to Goetz
to meet him at a certain place in this city.
From that time nothing has been seen or ,
heard of him, and it is the general im- ,
presslon that he never got beyond tne
city limits.
The vicinity of the oil works is an ideal
place for the commission of crime. Jt is
a lonesome locality, abounding in old,
tumble down buildings, long ago deserted .
by th<*ir owners. It is possible that the I
amputated arm is not the first piece of \
human anatomy that has been put in an '
empty boxcar at West Alameda, and not |
found until the railroad had carried it far |
away. Some one of the old vacant build
ings in the vicinity may contain evidence
that will clear up the mystery and the
police ■will to-morrow make a thorough
search of the locality.
A PASTOR ROASTS
THE LEGISLATURE
REV. F. S. BLUSH CAUSTICALLY
DISCUSSES THE SITUATION.
Scathing Reference to the Deadlock
and the Advocates of the Anti-
Cartoon Bill.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 29.— Rev. F. S. Brush,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
discussed politics from his pulpit this
evening.
The title of the sermon was, "Wanted—
Men. or Partisan Politics versus Patriot
ism." In part Rev. Mr. Brush said:
Recent scenes at Sacramento have given the
citizens of California a peep into the pit of
practical politics. The key to the situation is
that a considerable number of our legislators
have gone to their duties after having pledged
away their freedom as men, and the men who
have bartered away their freedom tor a loan
of money or for the sake of expected spoils
are so compactly organized that they can al
most dictate to the remainder of the Assembly.
The Whole system of pledging men is wrong,
and those most to blame are the pledged men
themselves, who have thus surrendered away
man ■ highest and noblest prerogative. The
animus of the machine politician Is evidenced
by the dog-ln-the-manger policy that he pur
sues If his own pet candidate cannot be
elected then he declares he will tie up the
whole Legislature and block the election of
anybody else. It Is thus. In effect, a well
organlzi'd attempt to defeat the will of the
majority. The whole method of partisan poll
tics proves to be unropublican and truly im
moral.
Thus machine politics have been pushed to
the utmost to further the candidacy of a man
whom the whole press of his own party lias
dt-nounc.Ml and repudiated. It has been ;it
tempted to break the force of this fact by
saying that two of the great dailies of San
Francisco had Interested motives. But where
Is there a reputable paper In California that
supports the machine boss for Senator? Must
of us in times past have complained that party
papers would swallow almost anything for the
saJto of thflr party. But in this case all good
men rejoice Rt the outspoken words of the
press of California.
And these men have passed a bill forbidding
cartoons of public men: Germany has enjoyed
such a law for many years. But Germany Is
not America. Who Is afraid of cartoons?
There Is scarcely a wepk passes but that the
comic papers hnve cartoons of ministers. It'
some of them should get together and enter an
action for libel I would think them a parcel of
fools. I laugh at these cartoons heartily my
eelf and would laugh at any on myself pro
vided my conscience was clean. Dr. ParKburst
was cartooned and lampooned in New York. I
never heard that he cared or that he was hurt
by it. Hut when Boss Tweed was r-artooned
Tweed had introduced into the New York Leg
islature an act against cartooning public men.
Comment Is unnecessary-
THE "KID" HAS GONE.
Weller, the Kacehorse Plunger, Left
in Search of a Different Game.
"Kid" Weller. racehorse owner, plunger
and general all-aro»nd sport, has shaken
from his patent leathers the dust of Cali
fornia. It may also be added that the
"Kid" has also shaken from his pockets
no small amount of dust of the delightful
golden kind. The little man, who came
here only a few weeks ago heralded as
the Bismarck of the betting ring, has evi
dently found the same not to his liking.
He left last evening at 5 o'clock for Los
Angeles, where he will spend to-day and
then proceed to the Hot Springs. Once
there the "Kid" proposes to have a go at
the game of faro and the straight Ameri
can poker with a draw.
Weller leaves behind him a number of
his horses. He also has a dozen in Mem
phis. Those that he leaves here in the
care of his trainers will no doubt be
shortly sent East in the effort to regain
what the "Kid" lost on them while here.
It is asserted that Weller's experience is
similar to that of many other sports here,
who have found the winners in California
hard, very hard, to pick. The "Kid,"
from the mere fact that he has sense
enough to jump a game that he can't
beat, will no doubt soon again be in pos
session of his lost shekels in other fields
where the game is of a softer nature.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C G Lee, Chicago H H Lee, Denver
A L Smith. Auburn C W Gill, Denver
C Rowell. Fresno T C Moore. U S A
E Westgate Jr, Cal C H Bridges, USA
H L Booth, N H Mrs Lenfest, Navarro
L L McCoy. Red Bluff Mrs I Brennan. N V
G M Westcott, Cal F T Thomas, Sacto
C Crystal, Berkeley n A Ogden, Sonora
A Clay. Sacto p E McCollum. Cal
M L Isham, Cal H R Farley' Salinas
O J Barrett. Wash C F Foster, Red Bluff
J W Bowen, L Ang O R Gaskill. lowa
E R Seiffert, N V Q Frost. Riverside
C Palmer, Sioux City S C Evans Jr. Cal
J Davies, Juneau ' C J Jones, Stockton
C Erickson & w, Cal O H Close. Stockton
C F Tozer. Cal IE A Forbes & f. Cal
R G Eckert, Arizona I
PALACE HOTEL.
T S Buttle. NY ,r> B Snyder. N V
A Christ oson&w, Kans'J S Childs. Weavervill
J E Bates & w. N V iG Nixon, Reno
Miss X Hurd. N V W Webster. Reno .
A E Anderson & w.XT E V) Easton. N V
J S Seymour, lowa G W Lyle, Chicago
U W Williams. Ohio !l A Cramer. N V
M P Marks. Stockton J O Howard. N V
f McLauKhlln. Orovill C Butler, New York
A V Schubert. Sn Jose R Scott, Chicago
C G Krogness & w, 111 G B Field. N V
Mrs C Sehultz Jr. Cal R W Smith. New York
Mrs C Sehultz, Cal A M.-.rsehall N V
Mips M Sehultz.. N T IE ManslWd, N V
C J Byxbee, Fresno J I) Kilpatrick, Wyo
A S Alfred. N V Mrs C Maldion. S Cruz
N A Pennoyer, Kans T E Adams, Montana
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Whitney, Vallojo |J W (.nines. Colfax
A R Millet. Petaluma ! A R Duckncr. Jackson
W P Marquat. Sn Jose J II Pare. Santa Rosa
W Chlnn. Sacto ,A Krisble, Willows
.1 H ll«-Nell. Beniela O F Watson. Seattle
A Whitlock, Seattle J Martin. I,os Anpeles
M Henderson. Fresno IC R Hamilton, Vlsalia
W F Allen. Palo Alto >J Stewart. Han Rafael
J J Connolly. Stockton IP F Ryan, Santa Cruz
W 11 Mclnerney. Sacto
S-AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 3:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61.1 Larklr. street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
L'26l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2C26 Mission street; ojven until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; orien until 9 o'clock.
WEETIXG NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal .A^
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. TK2c .
M. M. degree. /V'
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- .A
more st.— Third degree THIS (MON-wV
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. By/V>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
MASONIC Cemetery Association.— The ft
annual meeting of lot owners In the —S\ m
Masonic Cemetery will be held at th" jC3P
Masonic Temple TUESDAY AFTER- /V> !
NOON. February 7, 1599, at 2 o'clock, for
the election of three trustees and such
' business as may legally come before It.
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. rj~r*«~
O. F.— Visit of Grand Mast-r 4g3^S3&
KARL C. BRUCK MONDAY
EVENING. Jan. 30. Members re- "wilTsS"
quested to attend.
JAMES LAWRENCE, N. G.
N. M. PETERSEN, R. S.
ST. PATRICK'S day conventlqn— tv^s*^
, adjourned meeting of the convention v^Af
| of 1898 will be held in K. R. B. Hall. J»M i
Mason and O'Farrell sts.. on SUN-SCs*B i
DAY, February 5, at 2:30 p. m., to *^E*
transact any unfinished business and adjourn
i sine die. Immediately after. the convention of
1899 will be called to order, to which all Irish
; and Irish-American national, social and be-
nevolent societies are requested to send five
i delegates each. Officers of former conven-
| tlons. grand marshals, orators and poets are
I entitled to seats in the convention. By or-
i der FRANK CON KLIN, President.
J. J. MORAN, Secretary.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the Work-
men's Guarantee Fund Association will be !
held at Its office, room C 3, 809 Market street, I
TUESDAY EVENING, January 31. at 7:30 !
o'clock. H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. I
; KNIGHTS and Ladies of Honor, members of
j the Grand Rodge, are requested to assemble
. at San Jose aye. and Thirtieth St., on MON-
DAY. January 30. at 11:30 a. m.. to attend
the funeral of our late brother. Past Grand
Protector, S. ;B. CARLETON. at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, at 1 p. m.
H. W. QUITZOW. G. S.
i NOTICE of anni'al meeting. — The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the. San FraneU?o
! and San Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be
held at the office of the company, at 327 !
Market, on the 14th day of February, at 11 !
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of j
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such other business as j
may come before the meettnir.
W. CLAYTON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company, num-
bers 235. 236, 237- and 238 Crocker Building, !
City and County of S;in Francisco, State of j
California, on MONDAY, the 13th day of i
February, 1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock I
a. m., for> the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
euch other business as may come before said
meeting. '
Dated *inuary 28, 1899.
JOHN M. BONNER, Secretary.
| THE regular annual Vr.eetlng of the stock-
holders" of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company in the Union Trust Company's build-
ing, corner Montgomery, Post and Market
streets, San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February. 1899. at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m., lor the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of j
the compan" and the transaction of such (
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. W. HELLMAN JR., Secretary.
THE TRESTLE BOARD, $1 per year; ■ *
weekly. sc; monthly. 10c: sold by all _#%_
newsdealers. Office, 408 California St., JfLjK
San Francisco. f^r '
DIVIDEXD NOTICL.S.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Notice }s hereby given
that at a meeting of the " nard of Directors
of the Central Light and Power Company,
held this day, an order was duly adopted,
distributing by way of dividend, on or after
February 1. 1599, to the stockholders of said
corporation, the shares of stock of the Equit-
able Gaslight Company, Vclonging to said
Central Light and Power Company, subject
to the pooling agreement nowln force.
Pursuant to said order said stock will be
placed In escrow, subject to said pooling
! agreement. in lieu of the certificate issued by
said Equitable Gaslight Company to said
Central Light and Power Company. By or-
der of the board.
J. W. PAUSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, Jan. 21, 1899.
DIVIDEND notlcer-Dlvldend No. S9 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com- !
pany, 327 Market st.. on and after Wedneti- ;
day, February 1, 1899. Transfer books will |
close on Thursday, January 26, 1599, at 3
o'clock. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
I , .. . ~ . .„. ... .__ .._
■ BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; '
j city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION i
CO., 415 # Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5630. I
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;»
painting done, Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.
SITUATIONS AVAXTED-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
I LADIES desiring flrst-c"!ass help of all nation-
I alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.; phone
Grant 120.
COMPETENT woman desires situation as nurse I
to invalid or children; best reference; sleep
home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter, St.
AT the Swedish and German' Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting i
situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter; st. -
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist:
$10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. - ■ . , .
SWEDISH houspgirl; good cook and laundress;
best reference. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
AT the German Employment I Office,- MRS. !
LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.. telephone Main
">32. girls of all nationalities desire positions.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable German
girl, competent cook,. In quiet American fam- i
lly; city or country; best of references. Box :
1730. Call office. . . - .
COMPETENT girl desires a situation to do
general housework in city or country in a
small American family; lately from the East.
31C gutter it. .
SITUATION wanted -by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good reference. 58," O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl • wishes position to •do general |
housework Hnd plain cooking: wages $18 or I
. $20; small American family. 204 Flllmore st.
WOMAN • wants situation: general housework;
city or country; low wages; good reference.
230 Minna st. . ,
AMERICAN lady wants chamberwork or office
cleaning: Is. vllllng and obliging. 995 Mar-
ket St., room 7. .
REFINED woman wishes position as chamber-
maid In respectable hotel. Call for 3 days
at 945 Mission st.
YOUNG, lady. wishes position by the day as
dressmaker. 112* Filbert at »
SITUATIONS "WANTED — Continued.
WANTED— Work of any kind by the day; first-
class laundress; reference. 122 Austin aye.,
near Van Ness. •
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation;
$30 to $35; references. Address L., box 1731,
Call office^
WANTED— Position as cook or general house-
work by a competent girl. 1013 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wants chamberw-ork; sleep home.
Address L.. box 1732, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes any kind of work
by the day. 22S 1 ,'j Sixth st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
lady or assist morning and evening for room
and board. Box 1724, Call office.
LADY wishes few more engagements out;
shampooing, treating the scalp, manicuring;
Fend postal and specify work desired. 1206
Market st.. room 59: |
LADIES needing the services of a competent
nurve will find one' at 429 Larkin st., rooms
14 and 15; references given. MRS. M. L.
BROWN.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman would like j
a position as housekeeper In small family, i
lodging-house or hotel; city or country. Call !
cr address MRS. M. S.. 112 Jones st.
REFINED woman desires situation as useful
housekeeper, cook and seamstress; good home
more than amount of salary; country pre- |
ferred. Address E. H., 716 Fulton st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation in small
American family to do general housework:
2 months in America. Call 31 Oak St., cor.
Franklin.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do general house-
work in :i small family; country preferred.
Apply 512 Jessie Et.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter
desires legal, architectural, contracting and
letter work. Address 412 Examiner building.
SITUATION wanted by competent Protestant
woman: good cook; will do some housework
in private family. Call 617 Jones st.
YOUNG woman wishes position an working
housekeeper; no objsction to country. "House-
keeper," 28 Seventh st.
TWO refined North German rrlrls wish situa-
tions as nurses or second work; wasres, $25.
Box 1690. Call office. ________
REFINED woman wishes position as cbmpan-
ion to lady or care of children: home more
than wages. Box 1659, Call office.
EXPERIENCED German nurse In confine-
ments and other sickness desires engage-
ments; references. Address M. H., 633 Post.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, who under-
stands bookkeeping, wishes a situation; sal-
ary reasonable. Box 1673, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position as chambermaid
In respectable hotel. Box 1691, Call office.
GOOD quick dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements. Address MRS. J., 1317 1 .. Mission.
GERMAN' and French second girls; can teach
children. MRS. CASSILL, 525 Sth, Oakland.
ENGAGEMENTS Monday and Tuesday, wash-
ing and ironing. Address box 688, Call office.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel.. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414». O'__rrell st. tel.. East 4S'».
PRACTICAL electrician, thoroughly under-
standing arc lamp, meter and dynamo work,
deslri.-H position. A'idVi-ss L. I)., box 17:.4. Call.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $9 per
week; city or country. Address Barber, box
1733, Call office.
YOUNG man of 23 (Swedish), with best of ref-
erences and no bad habits, desires a position; !
has hud one year's experience In a hardware
store; is handy with tools and knows a lit-
tle electricity and common painting. Ad-
dress box 1659, ChU Qfflce,
MIDDLE-AGED single man wants position to !
make himself useful about place; city or i
country; good driver, gardener, handy with
tools;' references. R. G., 164» Everett st.,
Alameda.
SITUATION wanted by competent German to
tend horses, cows, garden and outside work
on private place; suburbs preferred: refer-
ences from best families in St. Louis. Box
1679, Call office.
YOUNG German wants work about private i
1 place; good gardener; handy aboul the house;
take care of chickens and horses; medium
1 wages; good references. Address box 1725,
Call office.
POSITION by married mld<Jle-;i|, r ed German;
good carpenter and general wcrker: ranch or
estate preferred; go to any place; steady po-
sition. A. PHILLIPS. 705 A Shot well st.
BY young man of experience in asylum or to
wait on invalid gentleman; references from
asylums in England and Australia. A. J.,
109 Fifth st.
i GARDENER, English, single, 38, life experl- I
i ence, wishes situation as gardener or under
gardener on private place: first-class vege-
table grower, etc. Box 1687, Call office.
! COMMERCIAL traveler, well and favorably i
known In California, desires engagements- for ]
coast business; salary, commission or both. !
Apply box 1644. Call.
YOUNG Frenchman wants a situation in an
American family: wages no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad- '
dress A. C. 843 Pacific st.
WINCHESTER house. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable.; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
POSITION wanted by a first-class dry goods
or clothing salesman; many years of experi-
ence, with best of references. Address Box
1680, Call office.
BY man and wife; flr-t-class cook or laun-
dress; man in or outdoor work; hotel or pri-
vate: country preferred. Call or address W.
S., 11254 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by gardener, florist, good
grower of cut flowers anil plants; single: ref-
erences. Address Gardener H., 1309 Stockton.
SALESMAN in dry goods and silks, speaking
English. German and French, Is open for
employment. Box 16S1. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, known In New York as one of
the best canvassers, wants position. Box
1682, Call office.
JAPANESE nice school boy wants a position
In a family; understands English. JITSU, 410
Franklin st.
BAKER on cakes and bread wants situation;
experienced. Address 920 Post st.
CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants a situation. Call at 120 Valley.
STEADY young man wishes position In store;
s-peaks English and French. 232S California.
HIGH School boy of 18 wishes to learn the drug
business. Box 1643, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, nent tr> any address In the
United States or Canada one year for fl,
postage paid.
HELP WAK-I-VQ — KEMALK.
2 WAITRESSES, same hot«k city. $20; cham-
bermaid, wait 1 meal, $W; waitress, same
hotel, country, $20; 6 waitresses in restau-
rants and hotels, $20, $25. J. F. CROSETT &
co.\ 316 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for house-
work, 2 in family, across the bay, $25; Berke-
« ley }25. Stuckton $25. Onk.iale $S5; 3 cooks in
hotel, boarding-house and restaurant, $25, and
others. J. P. CROSETT & CO., 3lti Suiter st.
COOK, German or French style, no wash, $30; j
5 cooks in American and German families, fS6
and $30; waitress, must cut and fit. $25; j
French second girl, $20; French maid. $25. and
, a large number of girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
MAN and wife to cook for delicacy store, $50.
J. V. CROSETT & CO.. 31R Sutter Ft.
NrJ_tSBjBIRX.. cure ! little crirl a years; sleep
home. MISS cri.LEN. 325 Butter st.
YOUNOI girl; light housework and as compan-
ion: $12 per month; 2 in family. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSEOIRL to travel, l child. $20 per month;
laundress, country. $25: second girl, Alameda, |
$20, 2 in family; second work and sewing, $25; i
ranch cook. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter. i
NEAT young girl, ligrht housework, $15; cook.
*"5, first-claps Jewish family; cook. T25 to $30.
boardlTtg-housr, country; working hous*>-
koeper, $20; French maid and seamstress, t'l'i;
French nurse. $25; nursegirl; housework. San !
Rafael $25,' Alameda $25. San Jose $20; v
housework girls, city. $12 to $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32.1 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, city, $40. woman as cook and
housekeeper and m.in to do chores; fi wait-
resses, city and co_titry, *20 eiich: 2 wnit-
res.sps. same city hotel. $20 fach: waitress.
St. Helensi, $20; 2 second girls, city, $20 and
! $16. MISS CULLEN, C 25 Sutter st.
IRONER. $30 per month; Irish second girl. $20,
good place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
AVAITRFSS. Bokersneld. fure paid: 2 waul
refwn, Hanfnrd. pr.me hotel, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant~lBs
10 waitresses, different country hotels. $20 and
J2!>: waitresf and chambermaid to watt, same
country place, .20 each: 6 waitresses, city. $20: I
3 restaurant waitresses, ?.". and $6; restaurant
waitress, country. $20 and found: 1 more
chambermaid. Southern California. $20; cham-
bermaid, city. $20, sleep home; marker and
sorter for first-class hotel laundry, $25; cook
small country hotel. $30; girl for stiver pantry'
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & QO Phone Grant~lir>
Second girl. 2 In family, choice place, $2.". see
lady here 10 R. ni.: French second girl for
country, $25; "i cooks. $25: 4 housegirls, $25
and help of all nationalities for city and counl
try places, $U to $30. C. R HANSEN & CO
104 Geary St.
NEAT, strong young Scotch woman: general
housework; good home. Apply 635 Guerrero.
= .
HELP W.-NTED— Contlnnett. ■*-. V
MURRAY & R^ADYTT?Tr??rPhone Main 584S
Want Monday Morning •••■••••••;•
20 girls for housework, different - country
places. $15 to $20; waitresses, country hotels,
$20, -fare paid. MURRAY _ READY. 634-636
Clay st. ■. .
HOTEL cook. $35: cook, private family, $35; 2
cooks. $30 and BS; second girl. $20; nursegirl
$25 to $30; housesirl. $25; S houseglrl^ $20 and
$15: young girl? $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. "- ■■■ •_
GIRLS of aU nationalities wanted to fill varj?£ a
positions. GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OF-
FICE. 418 Powell st. |
WANTED-Cooks. chambermaids, nursegirls
and girls lor housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st. _!__
GIRL for housework, small American family,
no washing, .^'O; also nursegirl, $1-. 631
\ Larkin st. '
WANTED— A middle-aged lady for cooking and
washing; $10 month. Apply at 319 Third st.
WANTED— A good finisher on cu.=tom coats at
4C6 Clementina st. '_
| EXPERIENCED pants On ishers wanted; steady
I work. 55 Third St.; old No. SI.
GIRL to mind children, assist housework; ref-
erence; good wages. Apply at 1221 Stockton.
GOOD plain-work ironers and starchers. 730
Elizabeth *t.. bet. 28d and 24th. west of Castro.
WOMAN for cooking and housework; $15.
MRS. HERMAN'S, 26 Bteuart st
GIRL 12 or 15 years old to wash glasses and
silver; restaurant. 313 .O'Farrell st.
2 LADIES of good address can make $10 to $15
per week at home. 331 Kearny st., room 18. ■
WAITRESS at 202 Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats: also
operator and boy apprentice. 528 Howard st.
WANTED — Finisher on fine custom coats; also
apprentice girl; Immediately. 1089 Howard.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts: best pay:
steady work. BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19
Batterj' st.
WANTED— young German girl of good ad-
dress and ability a_< saleslady and cashier in
a bakery: one having the necessary expe-
rience; none others need apply. Address K.
\\\. box 1723, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few Inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUB CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery st. , ■
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrts ;
a few inexperienced hands taKen and taught.
LBVI STRAUSS & CO., 36Vi Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED machine operators and trim-
mers on straw hats. California Hat Co., 697
Mission st.
WANTED— German girl to take care of 3-year-
old child. 2120 Post., bet. Pierce and Scott.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework and
also take care of children ; speak German. 715
. O'Farrell st.
, GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MIS 3
1 WELLS' Emp. Of., 1243 V. Park St.. Alameda.
; HELI' WANTED MALE.
• WANTED— Miner, $40 and board; farmer and
wife, $32 50; American milker, $30; baker and
wife, $50; cook for institution, $50, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
' mento St.
j C. R/ HANSEN & CO.'S office, 104 Geary St.;
\ phone Grant 185; open Monday, 7a. m.
• AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 188
5 Laborers, mountain railroad, two-thirds free
fare
.10 -scraper teamsters, railroad work; re-
duced fare ."
'. 3 miners, headsmen for tunnel work. $2 30..
. i Railroad laborers for a new railroad in the
. woods, $1 50 a day
6 woodsmen; see boss "iere
' 4 coal miners; see boss here. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
I WANTED, this morning— laborers for rail-
road construction 'work; new work; $1 75 a
X day; call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
I Geary st.
I ! AT'C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
• 1 An experienced colored head waiter
i ! - Walter, $40; waiter, country hotel, $30; cook
i and wife, small place, $60; cook, country res-
taurant, $10 a week; cooks. $25, $30 and $33,
- I and $9 and $10 a week: kitchen hands. C. R.
; i HANSEN & CO., li/4 Geary St.
- METAL spinner, $2 25 a day; metal buffer, $1
to's2 a day; gardener, country hotel, $20; as-
sistant porter, $15. c. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
' j 164 Geary st. •'
- i INDOOR servant with references, $25. C. R.
_ I HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
• MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5343
r Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want Monday, 7 a. m
Sheet iron worker, city job; metal spinner
' • country
i Farmer and wife. No. 1 job, north; 3 chore-
| boys for ranches, $"• and $C and found; man to
1 ; take charge of creamery, $50 ; 9 tarm hands,
different jobs, $26 and $20 and found; 54 tie-
i ! makers. Be, '.'c .and 12c each. MURRAY &
, ! READY. 634-C36 Clay St.
' I $2 50....... ...T0 the Tunnels $2 50 day
. 8 header men. $2 50 day; also laborers. MUR-
. RAY & READY, t>34-636 Clay st.
|! COOKS LAUNDRY WAITERS
9 cooks, different places, $30, $40 and $50;
lroner, also polisher, fare paid, $35 and found:
i 4 dishwashers $15 and found
4 waiters, $30, $25 and $20. MURRAY _
; READY, 634-636 Clay st.
. CLERK about 17 to 20 years for our office.
Apply 4 p. m. Monday. MURRAY & READY,
• 634-636 Clay st. ■ . :■'•■-'■"• .
WANTED— Second cook for restaurant, $45;
third cook, $35; pot washer. $25; dishwasher,
[ $25; young man for country resort. $15; boy
.for store. $10; married man to take care of
horses, etc., $40. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
• COOK and dishwasher, boarding-house, coun-
try, $35. and $15; German gardener, $25: black-
smith to rent country shop; tlemakers, post-
makers and axmen to make 1,-ggings. R. T.
: WARD & CO.. 608-610 Clay st.
\. ANTED—
Buttermaker lor depot in city: $30 per month
and found. W. D. E\. t & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— A man to cook for 3or 4 men and
help In nursery. Call 500 Halght St.; wages
$15 per month.
WANTED— Steady man; established cash busi-
ness; good for $15 to $18 per week; must have
$150 cash. National Exchange. 7 Grant aye.
GOOD barber; room and board and small
wages. 1542 Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 303 East st.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Mont-
gomery St., third floor; convenient place.
WANTED— Sign painting boy or young man;
steady work. 309 Fourth st.
WANTED— First-class steady barber. Call 313
Kearny st. _____^
WAITER wanted. 1212% Polk st.
FOURTEEN young men to go south; come
early; no fee charged. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— An errand boy. Call at 907 Mar-
ket st. ■.-■> -..■■■ -.";.
$100— BARBER shop; 3 bathtubs; country. Ap-
ply at 119 Fourth st.
I RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
-1 rlne Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
I unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of tbe United States,
or those who have legally declared their ir.-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
.WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larg*
rooms, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, soma
nearly new. from 50c to $1 E0; new shoes,
; slightly damaged, one-half price. 362 -Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
WANTED— practical gardener with nursery
experience. Apply to C. CROCKFORD,
Colma, San Mateo County.
i SHOE fitter as partner. Inquire Golden's
Leather and Shoe-Finding Store, 467 Sixth St.,
_ bet. AVashington and Broadway. Oakland.
12 BOYS wanted; 16 years of age. Apply at
Rope Works. Potrero, Monday. January 30.
SOBER, steady man for office: small capital;
rare chance; Investigate. 41 Third, room 5.
EXPERIENCED dress, fancy, domestic and
men's furnishing salesman. Box 1727, Call.
YOUNG man, German, for lunch counter in
saloon. Address box 1729. Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 33c
to 3uc. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— S men to go on snip: no experience
required. Apply at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
i JEWELERS. 328 Bush st.. room 4, third floor.
WANTED— student male nurse. Address,
with age and references, box 1670, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale on account of death
In the family. tis . Six'-h Et.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13S& Eighth »t.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 u Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; COc. 80c and $1 per week. •
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; $10
and $12. 1512 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: teL Jessie Uti,y f- . • /£ HELP WAXTEU-Contlnned.
.-•"EOUNG raen. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths.
\_for ships. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st:
/'MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. ?2DO; men's
.. . . soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
. . BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
■"' lice. S. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.:
■: : thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 5c n'.ght.
BINGLH rooms, l£c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
'. ' to $2 50 per v.k Elcho House, SK3'» Market st
WANTED— collect wages duo laborers and
c|Prks - Knox Collection Agency. 112 tter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seemen wanted at
LANE'S. 5C4 Davis St., .near Jackson.
. SINGLE, furnished, fine. lanf>. r.ny nnd airy
25c night. Rosedale House, 221 Ellis Bt.
' .TRY Acm< House? 857 Market it.. I clow Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; SI a week.
. WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
.- •■' ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
' • . 'bus and baggage to nn'l fr m the ferry.
.'.■-• AGENTS WANTED.
"'.' ' ' OLD-ESTABLISHED house wants capable men
:■ .- ' & women to travel & appoint agents; $75 mo.
& expenses: some for local work; excellent
• • . . '. opening for ambitious people; send reference.
,-. • I 'TLER a ALGER, New Haven. Conn.
;■ . - AGENTS— To sell tree spraying, whitewashing
nnd garden sprinklers: catalogues; sample
• •;.- $1 50: BZle mailed for - 50c. Wv. WAIN-
.' • . .^WRIGHT. 1411 Jackson St.. San Francisco.
•■:.- Traveling salesmen to handle
'- ;. ' side line; free samr'e: 2 sales net |3. Oionet
• ••■ Company. Minneapolis. Minn.
- '■•■.■■ AGENTS, hoth sexes, to Fell Leather Luster;
.".•• "...the best '-" article on earth. 332 Bush st.
..f: PARTNERS W'iT.l). - •
':"• WANTED— S2:.n; partner in old-establfshe"i T rr«-
--.-.: Vtaurant to tend c:!>h counter; day work, not
•'..."•■• night; on account of plrknps-s; pay $60 per
•..■v:-...: '' T-'^'-k. 24 Kearny st., rooms 10-11.
i : ,;. ROOMS \\Ti:n.
• "■•':.,"'. t. FURNISHED living rooms: pas Btove: $12 to
■ ■.-.: • ':• ;$l5; between Twentieth and Twenty-ninth sts..
;.y-V:-- Mission liiMrii-t. Address J.. 2526 Mission st,
::.;.; WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
?!V^V.BP AN horses or mules, harness, wagon, wanted
'. '..-.• •■;■; .f-T l<t :ind some cash. J., Call office, i lakland.
•■;'•••■.... I.OT or" old window sash; any size. Box 1640,
. >.:.:''.. -P. 11 oftuw .
j. S^ SPIRITUALISM.
; " '. ; .'ADVICE and Ass!stance~for~AlT ~~ "
.:: •'•'. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
•■ ;•"• FEE $1 and upward.
■; ■•'•;. Reveals your life from cradle to gravfc.
■•.> :• TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
.'■ .:• .. Her assistance is pricel«»ss. Hey "Reve,i>il
,•■";•. Medicines," registered and copyflghte-d. euro
■-.' • all diceases on earth, consumption, para!.,?:
'•'• • .: rheumatism, all skin di*easet>, heart and n;i-
-.... vous affectiona. The wonderful cures whi
-••.. the has made are thr« talk of the whole >: pc,
• ■" V Address or ral! MRS. DR. A. D/ HOWE.
.■.„■• - 1104 Market Bt (The Vfndome).
■• '. ' " Corner Market. M.i«rn and Turk sU.
•■'; •.■ ATTENTION— you want to see a medium
.. •■.•..•' ffe the best: tells everything; valuable In-
■ • ' V formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
; .;.- .tlons by mall $1, LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
';'. : .A-MR?. .T. J. WHITNEY, trance test ■ <iium.
•."'.■-. life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
•'. •■■ vate. chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
■ ,■-/.-• free; sittings $1.. 232 Stockton st.
•• '.CIRCLE, 7:30 p. m. : Wednesday and Friday, 2
■■.■;. v p. m.: Kittinps daily. V. HARRIS, 1063>i
■ Howard st.
•.■ M"-: ; ELLIS tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. :p. m. ;
.7. .'. . Men.. S;.2?e: ttlngs, $1. 233 Valencia st.
."■-' MRS MENA FRAWCEP. independent slats
V' .: writing ir.e.HiiTn 118 Halsrht st.
\ ■)■ < l,\l»\ AM>.
1 ■,'■ .A.—MRS;. DR. F. CLARK, inently located
: -'.V-.. - in Pan Francisco at l^" : .i rket St., bet.
'.'"* \Fixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
•'•..-■■" and advice which will overcome your enemies.
remove family troubli restore lost affec-
•• •■ "'• • tions. make marriage With the one, you love
'•*;■-* no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
:"•• give correct information on law suit?, slck-
■■- . '• ' ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
'• . : ; N. R.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
■ '■ mail Send stamp for circular, with special
/ •"■ terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023^4 Mkt.
'■'■■ -" -CLAIRVOYANT, 24 Page st, nr. Franklin;
•:• :• satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
... A. KNAPP. '
• • .'"CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 25c. 349^
""-. . '■ Minna st.
"••I.GTPPY life reader, of 3 7th St.. now 92S Mls-
' \'ul. ' Fion: best palmist In th» city; 25c «nd 50c.
.'; V.MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.. clairvoyant
•;.■.-. and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. MOREAU. the best mMlnm and card
■."'.-■ reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near MlFsion.
' '"'*. -JKPSIE'BTTRNETT. card reader' and' palmist,
V.-.10l Eddy and 13 Ma;- st.. parlor a.
• "•*. " MMET RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
'•■•■.••; iidvlce: names given; 2V up. 5 Fourth st. 1
".--, '.'iIP.P B. BAUMANN. , the well-known fortun»
'■.'•[: '.•'■- v-, •-■ ■: -.- office at ->.\- O'Fnrr«lV
V■ r REOII 'VI astrology.
i J»ROF MONROE. IIW Howard st : sketch. 10c:
•" ; 'V^end date. hour, birthplace, horoscopes. $1 up.
v. LODGING HOUSES FOR BALE.
' ."••■\A— KREDoVcO 22Vi Geary st.
'.■■..•:•'.... • Money Advanced on All Houses.
•• ■■:iy rooms; clears $2f.0 month $4,C00
. ';•":. 45 robins; cor. Stockton; cl^ar $200.: 1,200
... ■■•'-•:S0 r'oorr.s: Kearny; n:ostly offices 2,200
.■•- : '"'-Ti- n-.r.rr.s; best on Mission st 1,200
■: •'.•"-J6 rooms; Sixth:; clears $75 per month 500
:'.!••' •'. 14 rooms; O'Farrell:. best transient;...:... Bt'O
'.'■' '-'32. r00m5; best on Post 700
•.-'. '". rooms; w^U furn!=h<"l- rt>nt. $20 225
. •'■ If* rooms; Bush: good for milliner 550
' •',' '10 nsoms; Powell; clears ISO 600
" '■• ;'lo rdores; Taylor; rent only $S. : > 275
■And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— JSCO; POST Ft.; boarding and lodging; good
, . Jocallty; 2 baths; 9 rooms; piano Included.
• .;■; A^-$1500: N. of Market: 30 rooms: central;
• -.' . clears $150.
i• •■ A— SlKpn; 35 rooms; near On'heum; transient;
, .-clears $125. :
•• ■ 'A— s2ooo; 30 rooms; O'Farrell St.; clears $150.
■._ ,-.; x— s2i»: 10 rooms: Mission st. ; a bargain.
"' a— ii r -''r. 70 rooms; rner; clean $125.
' • -". A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Market st.
33--ROOM house; bargain; fine business; good
, •"■ -:• location for transient. 704 Howard, cor. of
. ;■ ■•Thlr.d st. J
[•". &XTH, *C2^—~ rooms, furnUhed, on account
»;.* '- bt sickness ; price $150. ■ J
: . "• &PATTTTFUL «tmny corner house" of V< rooms !
.•• •'.';" .and bdth. $51); rent reasonable. 540 Ellis Bt.
.• ■:.•;■. ' $'iv>— S rooms, kitchen and hnth: well (urnish-
..'.'•■. :'»A: ; 3M nush st.: apply 242 Kearny.
'.•:-' -8-nOOii house; sunny corner; well, fur-
■.>;'• '.nlshnd; rooms all filled. 122 Turk st.
'• . ROOMING house, 28 rooms: cheap: paying well;
■•. - f<v)A reason for selling. 420 Sixth St. ■•
14-ROOM bouse; sunny corner: all light rooms;
"•;■> $350: alto 37 rooms: prlre ■- ■ ~?.O Fnlwm.
. .___ MISICAL Ix STRUMENTS.
•'"■ A J^WJMOKEIBARaAIHS.
.Bradford. !lre condition, upright.... $37 00
Keitz. a bargain, upright 140 00
• -Gafcier. coat $400 new. upright 175 00
• . .- Henry Miller, used 3 years, upright.. ISO 00
.-.'". ••■S;erl:n«?. good as now, ■ rig«t U 00
'■•■-. Crrictle & Son, upright grand ..... Kt(> 00
"■'••-■ leering-, a haru.iln. .upright 28.". 00
'- ."' •' $6 paymenu: «u;irr.fd .". yrs. BENJ. CURTAZ
■•••■& SON (Chiekcring Ag>-ntK). i« O'Farrell St.
'■'.' .. A '-K v.' are felling good upright pianos for 53
■"•••V'-caeh and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
■ •*■■ g»te «nd approve, this method; prices are the
: . -'.mrm -as If purehAieiJ for all cash; bargain*
• : .> in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
■ •.• • eaymenti and some go i pianos for %i, $4 and
'■: ■■"%■■" per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
- ■Pteinway dealer*, corner Kc«rny and Sutter
'■''■>'• '•■U Ban Francisco, . v.nd Thirteenth and
■.:•: ■- 'Broadway. Oakland. . . ■
'A ■• LUTELY the oldfst *n<l largest house
:-.':-- :ies» of chlcairo i» KOHLER chase's.
•'■"• ■ •'"( ■_; iiid 30 O'Farrcll et. . pianp*. organs and
' : "■ •• .tJI other' muslcsJ inEtrumer.ts of all grades
'"*•• and prices; ter-ns easy; i rices lowest: every-
. ■•'tfciri pOBSIbW ione to pfeAse and satisfy tb9
'.{'. /.wistorfter. • i
'■•.'" TIJE bc?t I nrgains in the city can bfi foun.l
.' St VAIS', 769 M.-trk<?t et. Call ur.d s*e
'..' ".'.'the stock In their slegeju .vw rooms. ■■ < :
-•■■".A.' FISCHER uprlcht. perfect order, $105 to-day.
. :• :-Ri)o!iTl2: Flood JJuliding.' . '
."•'•A— VfeIUGHTS, $R3 up: 'nsfallmpnts. $5 75 up:
' • '•" rents. S3 &0 up fallowsr" on purchase). 13S Ellis.
•"Wj G. BADGER, 415 Sarram»ntn Bt.. atr r nt for
■ ■}-. '-Francis P.acon and liallet <fc DaxMa pianos.
' V T.AI'.GA IN— Good upright cheap. HMITZ. It
-.:-. ' .'McA-niFter Et.. next Hibernia Bank.
.v-.'"feOHJ"ER pianos ar. thT best. BYRON
. ■■••'.•■.•AIAUZY. Sole Agcl 3^S Post St.
'-i '■• a PIANO that will please you, tho Byron
_,-"•; Maiizy. 30S Post St. '
' '"'WAINES Bros.' and ether flrst-dnss plnnos at
.\\. reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new uprlrrht niano cheap; brilliant.
■ powerful tone. HQRTTUNft. _l McAllister.
IvNAHE pianos: nev,- Fcale; new styles. KOH-
■ LER & CHASE. 30 OTarrell st.
PITPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer; 2 Latham niace. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 rente— Weekly Call.
T5 rui" I . In wrflntipr.'fi" Tinlllnf. Hwr v»ar.
LOST. /^
I.'-:i-T In ladles' to.llet on steamer SausaUto. ■
» Thursday, on 4:25 p. in. trip to rity, a small
diamond ring; $5 reward for return of same to
room 'Js, Columbian butldfng, S. F. . t
LOST— Parrot, green. with yellow-half circle
on neck: reward. MRS. W. L. PLERCE, 501
Cole St.. E. F.
.. .BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— JSCOO; BAKERY: Western Addition; .:ept by
owner Cor 15 years; 3 wagons; 6 horses; bak-
ing 7 barrels per day; the leading and best-
paying bakery in this city. Full particulars
of WILKE & : UNFUG, 9u6 Market st.
A— s7so; SALOON; 1 block from Chronicle build-
ing; splendid business; rent $50; fixtures and
stock worth $1500; partners to dissolve cause
or saW. WILKE & UNFUG. 906_Market st.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon ;_ kept
by owner 8 years; 1 block from City Han;
rent $20.. W ILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$5000; SHOE store and factory: established
years; clearing S3OO per month; large stock,
good fixtures; 7 hands employed. Particulars
of WIHCE.& UNFUG. W« Market st. .
A^"ssoo; SALOON on water front; established
years; daily receipts $15; rent low. \\ ILKt,
& UNFUO, 906 -Market st. _^
A-$400; RARE chance; French llqnor store;
corner; rent $36; on Leavenworth St.; must
sell at once; proprietor, also owner of the
property, must sell on account of sickness.
WILKE & UNFUO, 906 Market St.,
A-51'u; BARBER SHOP; 4 chairs. : blocks
north of Chrenlcle building; first-class ni«-
tom: a sacrifice. Call WILKE & UNFUG.
DOB Market _. ■ I
A— s4oo— POrTc and delicacy store; doing a
splendid business; living-rooms; rent 512:
' choicest location in the Mission. Call WIL_E
A: UNFUG, 906 Marlret St.
A— JISOO— SALOON on water front; the very
' best location.; established and kept by owner
years and first-class paying; other business
er.pagi-ments cause of 3ale. Inquire ii^Kt.
,v UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— JI2OO— RAREST chance; a private dispen-
sary end g*llery of anatomy; the oldest es-
Übllshed in California; disease of men ex-
clusively; receipts of ISS?, $4131; museum of
wax figures; reason for selling, a broken-
down, nervous -ystem. Full particulars,
WILKE _ UNFUG, Market st.
A-KREDO & C 0.... 22% Geary st.
Real Estate and Business Chances.
SKOo— Restaurant, n?ar Market: $G0 dally.
$4.')o— Restaurant; Market St.; $15 daily.
• $2000— Road house, near city; 20 rooms.
1 $500— Saloon and card rooms; fine business.
$2:o— Saloon and card rooms; $10 to $20 dally.
.slso— Saloon: >i interest; fine fixtun s; piano.
\— s2n<)- GROCERY and bar; $10 daily; value In
stock; a snap. KREDO i CO.. 22% Geary st.
SEE these bargains— Saloon, flm. 'ocation, clears
y,:, mo.', $450; rt»er wanted, hardware, $COO
invested in business; saloon and 12 furnished
rnif., all rented, $500. We buy, sell, exchange
butriness of any kind. Reliable Agency. 41 3d.
•35,0 — HOME bakery; vi ti ; range; established;
best I cation; rare chance. Reliable Ag., 41 3d.
ALASKA BUSINESS CHANCES.
A splendid opportunity tor a few persons with
tome capital, in a secure enterprise; persons
who are not averse to work preferred. Box
1645. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and home kitchen;-3 nice (
living rooms; fine place... $250
. Grorery and -bar, Including, furniture and
piano; must ell; death in family 650
Cigar etand; transfer corner; snap 100
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
5: ■ PARTNER wanted: suited to plain,
steady man satisiied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST- ,
MENT CO., I Geary st.
$35"— PARTNERSHIP in best paying restaur^
ant In city; meals lap to 50c; each guaran-
' tee.l $100 monthly. MOON, 100S% Market st.
PARTY with. $1000 cash wants to buy an ln-
ti rest In good paying business. Address or
leave particulars with SCHQTTLER & CO.,
632 Market st.
$350— ILACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop;
cstab. 20 years; doing good business; owner
wishes to retire; rent $9. JONES, SB5 Market.
$700— HOTEL: paying business; leaving city
cause of aale. McLAUGHLIX, 777 Market St.
SALOONS," groceries, cigar stores, restaurants,
cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
PARTNER with small capital to open busi-
nr-ss with ALLEGRETTI; chocolate bonbon
cream business; good profit. Box 1738, Call.
53-ROOM hotel, well furnished; north of Mar-
ket; central; for sale or exchange; all full
and paying well; account of sickness; must be
i sold without reserve. ' Box 1652. <'all office.
1 . — . — ___ . .
WANTED— Partner with |EOOO capital to Invest
in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
per cent per annum; open to satisfactory ln-
. vestigation; principals only. Box 1588, Call.
CIGAR and tobacco route for sale; wagon and
horse; cash or Installments; must be sold.
Apply 227 Battery st.
'HANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 225 Bush st. I
SALOON: bargain:' owner goirrg away: cafa
entrance; fin<> location; all . night stand;
cheap rent; everything neat. 12 Mason St.
$200— SALOON for sale, with furnished room;
on Mission st.. near Wells, Fargo & Co.'s I
Express office. Inquire Call office. j
CIGAR store, 2-roomB; rent $8;- sickness. 1739
Mission Gt^ ■ ■
CIGAJI' stand, for sale cheap. 501 Kearny
street. • . .'
A— TO buy or pe.ll your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., 1008% Market st.
RESTAURANT; Market st.; pays well;
offer wanted. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; pell reasonable. 332 Bush st.
LODGING-HOUSE. 9 rooms; sell or exchange
for business. See landlady at 1055 Market st.
FOR SALE— A good-paying route on this paper.
For particulars call or address 219 Liberty st.
WANTED— Buyer for full restaurant outfit;
cash only. Address at once box 1676, Call.
FOR Sale Stationery store; good paying
business; good reason for selling. 160 Third Bt.
$225— FOR sale; nicely fitted up restaurant in
good location: doing good business; cheap :
rent: no agents. 248 Ellis st. ;
$150— SALOON anil 4 living rooms; going to
Alaska; cheap. 833 Howard st.
RESTAURANT and cigar store; 2 rear houses;
on leased ground; $400. 1805 Halght st.
COAL yard for sale: no reasonable offer re-
fused; at Sixth and Washington, Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CA3WELL & CO.'S. 416 Sacramento «t.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Onll. 16 pages, Fent to any address In tho
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
. _____ r— —
HORSES.
40~HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harr.sss; Grand Arcade . Hors» Mar-
ket 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & L)OYLr7. Auctioneers.
WAGONS and carriages.
FOR sale^Fin^laundry ; bakers'; milk wagons;
2 hncks; 3. buggl'^: .2 oy.tra nne delivery
wagons; cheap. 82S Harrison st. ,y\
100 S'KT second-hand harness: -wagons, carts,
buggies. 6Urrey6 and horses. 1140. Folsom »t.
Fou SALE— miscellaneous.
BOILER 6 engines, 2'l-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all Blzefi). office ' fixtures, cash registers,
scalef, coffee mills, etc.. bought und sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, counters,
. linoleum, office furniture,, store and office iur-
niture end fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, . 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
2 BUILDINGS of 7 and R rooms, to be removed,
corner Willow aye. and Polk Bt., by Edw.
1.. Pearson; open for Inspection from 10 a.
m. to 4 p. m.
AUTOMATIC Willcox *■ Glbbs' sewing ma-
i rilr.i'. almost new; attachments cheap. 1315
Misfiion st. « ..--■.
NICELY fitted up restaurant, dolner good busl-
ness; cheap rent: rells cheap before the Ist;
no agents. 155 Fifth st.
DIAMOND solitaire rinc; for SS; worth twice
the money. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
A NEW, electric light bath cabinet. E. F.
HEXZEL, Point Lobos and Fifth ayes.
FINE thoroushbred Great Dane pups; I months
old: full pedigree given. 216% Sixth st.
2 FRESH milch cows for sale. 217 Hearst aye.,
Sunnyslde. .*"■.'.'
SCO EGG Incubator; good as now; cheap; $2j.
I3OS Wood St., Oakland. ' ■
FOR bolting, 'pump cups, lace lfath"r, pulleys,
etc.. .Cal. Belt Co.; tel., Dr. 331. r.lB Mission.
BOILERS, engines., pumps, belting, dynamos;
fecond hand. WHITE'S, 510-018-520 Mission.
SAFES— Hermnnn Safe Co. moved to «T-
-423 Sacramento st. • ... '
SAFES^*Bargatns In new. and second-hand: all
si7C-i=: half original cost. v 109-111 Market, S. F.
ONR and 2 Vkvwl barber waFhstands, cheap.
HUFgCHJUDT. £23 Golden Gate aye.
TOOLS and machinery, every descrlp., bought
and sold: send postal. EPSTEIN, C4S Mission.
CARLE- CLEANING. —
CITY- Steam Ccrpet-clcanlng • Works— Cleans,
moves lays carpets.' C.H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth et.; telephone. South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating drks, 253-357 Tchama st.;.tel., 6. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at '3o per. yard; laid. at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel., Jessie 944..
J. X, MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning. 3c per yard; te).. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Oolden
: Gate aye. ; tel.. East 126. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1899.
;,' ,'. HOI'SES TO LET.
ASH aye., 124, near Van Ness— Nice sunny
house, 7 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
newly papered. . * . :■ ; >
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; $25. 1403 Steiner
street. ; ' ■ . - -• . ■-. . • '
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN 4 HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
KEARNY. 1667,* corner Greenwich— house of
5 rooms; fine order. .
MARY, 20, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms; ',
double parlors; rent $21501 '.
! PERRY. 212%— window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated. •
SUTTER, 2614';-A Bunny i-car house; 5 rooms
and nice yard; $8.
TURK, 1223— House, 9 rooms and bath; ■ rent
$30. Apply at 1231 Turk st.
2 HOUSES, 4 and 5 rooms; large yard; sheds.
Apply SE. cor. Prcclta aye. and Folsom st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
i^A^Tc^OTTAGE^" " - " T
" Rent only $15. Rent only $13.
Five rooms and bath; Chattanooga, nr. 23d.
H. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
CALL AND SEE , * Our Xew Offi. . ai
A. M. SPECK & CO. ! C 67 Market, cor. Third.
NICE FLATS. NICE FLATS.
3 r.; 650 Jessie ..$3 6r.; 1105 Page .....$l7
6 r. ; 250 Tehama....'. 31 6 r.; 1328 Hayes 18
4r.; 2020 Golden Gate 11 7 r. ; 219 I'olk 28
! 6r.; 537 Alabama.... 10 5r.; 225 Grant aye... 25
i 5r.; 1007 Castro 12 6 r. ; 905 Powell 25
6 r. ; 720 Montg. aye. 15 7 r. ; 22U Flllmore.... 30
10 to 3'j days free. 10 to 30 days free.
j A. M. SPECK & CO. 6G7 Market, cor. Third.
■
IN every particular a first-class, sunny, stylish
flat of 8, rooms and bath, with .storage room In
basement; centrally located in a choice resi-
dence section; has an elegant marine view; ;
rent very reasonable; inspect. 1417 Clay st.,
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
; FLATS, houses; all sizes and prices. COF-
I FEY, HUGHES & CO., 19 Montgomery st.
, A— Nob Hill. opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 5 and 6
1 rooms: bath; $16 to $21 50. Terrace, 920 Pine.
! ALMO6T new; five largo sunny rooms; bath;
storeroom. 27 Elgin Park. j
: BOWIE aye.. 1. bet. Howard and Folsom sts.— ■
• Four sunny; fiat to rent. >
■ CORNER, fiat, C sunny bay-window rooms; ;
bath; rent reasonable. 14th and Shotwell sts.
FIFTEENTH, 2156— Modern sunny 6-room flat;
basement; north of Market. Apply __ Market.
FLATS to let for th« New Yr;ir by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FRANKLIN." 715, next to Golden Gate aye.—
■/, Upper flat 8 rooms and bath. __
1 GEARY, 805— An elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent
$Is. . , ■,_____
GROVE, 642, between Laguna and Buchanan— i
6 sunny rooms; bath; rent $23.
HOWARD, ISO 6— . sunny rooms and bath; 2 !
bay windows; rent cheap. !
MINNA, 1014. near' Eleventh— Flats. 4 and 5 1
sunny rooms; rents $14 and $15; water free.
MODERN 7-room flat; will rent cheap to a
. reliable family. 1129 McAllister st. •_
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms: sunny; large
yard; cellar; rent $10; no children.
NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
IIOV4 Fell St.. near Van Ness aye.
PAGE. 482. near Webster— s and 6 large sunny
roonis; bath, storeroom; rent reasonable.
SEVENTH, 454, cor, Bryant— A sunny 5-room
flat: apply between 1 and 3. ;
SIXTH, E36A— Nice flat, 4 rooms;: hall, folding
doors, mantle; large yard; rent reduced to $12. !
STEVENSON. 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUNNY corner modern bay-window flat: 5
rooms and bath. 20:. Diamond St., corner
Nineteenth; rent $15.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3554, near Dolores— Flats,
5 rooms and bath; rent very cheap^
UPPER flat of ' rooms; hot and cold water;
' rent $14. 1523 Leavenworth St., between Pa- I
clfic and Jackson.
$B—3 ROOMS and bathtub. 102 Lincoln st.. '
southwest corner Ot Folsom.' bet. 6th and 7th.
4 ROOMS and bath; largo yard: rent $15. Cor-
ner Twenty-fourth st. and Treat nve.
$7 50— LOWER flat: 4 rooms. Apply grocery,
j corner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts. rX.t '-.
i $B—B ROOMS, lower flat; yard, cellar. 4 closets..
100S Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear. .
-
$11 AND $10—3 rooms and bath. ' 2221 and 2221V4
Polk st., between Vallejo and Green. ;
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom;
furniture all new; $2 .'." per week; $10 per !
month; suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no chii- \
dren.- Apply at shoestore, 562 Mission St., be- i
tween First and Second sts.
A NICE sunny front suite of ' 2 roonis, complete
for housekeeping: kitchen and bedroom; new
furniture; suitable for 2 or 3 persons; no chil- !
dren; $1 75 per week; $7 per month. Apply at ;
shoestore, 562 Mission St., between First and (
Second streets.
CALIFORNIA, 1255—1 or 2 nicely furnished
rooms for light housekpg; call after 9 a. m.
CLAY, 2419, near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms: yard; water: rear; $7.
ELLIS, 330— Furnished for housekeeping, I
small rooms in rear; rent $10.
ELLIS, — 3 large unfurnished rooms; house-
keeping; references. Call In afternoon.
ELLIS. 597—2 nicely furnished front rooms for
housekeeping.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH, 309— New house; 2 sunny corner bay-
window rooms, with kitchen; housekeeping;
folding or open bed; suitable for four adults.
FIRST, 805, above Folsom— Only $8; upper part
of -house; 3 rooms; in good order.
FIFTH, 853 — Clean sunny housekeeping; 3
rooms, $12; 3, $20; fiingle. $.' and $6.
FIFTH, 392 — Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; single or double; private; cheap.
FIRST. 225. near Howard — 5 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; near business. ' : . : .
FOLSOM, Large sunny bedroom; connect-
ing kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GEARY, 40S— 3 unfurnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; rent $15.
GEARY, 1817— $20; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries. '
GROVE, 131—2 large front connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas; running water.
HOWARD, 653% — Large front bay-window
room, $2 60 per week; bath.
HOWARD, 1800. corner Fourteenth— 3 • sunny-
front rooms, $7. ■
JONES, 2056—2 sunny front rooms; unfurnished;
. bath, laundry) $S. -
KEARNY, 104— 2 very large sunny rooms for
housekeeping or shop] $10.
MINNA, 454 — 3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; lower floor; separate entrance.
NATOMA, 81— Housekeeping rooms; double and ■
Elngle; single, $1 per week up; 25c per night; .
cheap. ■ .
NOB, 151— very pleasant bay-window rooms;
gas range, grate, bath; $12.
OAK, 111 — ■ nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
all complete; moderate rent.
POLK. — Furnished and unfurnished house-
- keeping rooms in suites and single; cheap. -
SHOTWELL. 53i',4— rooms for housekeeping;
rent to suit. . • .-,..■
SECOND, Furnished and unfurniahed hkpg. j
rooms; also single, new and clean, cheap.
SIXTH, IJG— Front sunny rooms; also house-
keeping rooms; reasonable. • -• ■; .
SIXTH, 218"— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms; \
also light housekpg and single; reasonable. 1
SIXTH. Sunny front ■ housekeeping rooms; .
runnirrr water, bath, etc.; reasonable. '
SIXTH. 532 A— eunny pleasant housekeeping ■
• rooms: furnished; large yard; also single. !
SIXTEENTH, 2SS2, nr. Howard— Furnished sun- .
'ny bay-window iront room and kitchen; ;
yard; $12. .-•■■■-
SOUTH Park, 90—2 r>r 3 woll furnished sunny '
housekeeping rooms; reasonable. \\- .-■ ..* ..
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 convenient sunny rooms
nicely furnithed for housekeeping; reasonable.
STOCKTON, 003— Sunny furnished parlor suite; !
: single room?; also 3 housekeeping rma. ; bath.
SUTTER, 1111— Comfortably tarnished • rooms \
single or en , suite; also housekeeping.*
TEHAMA. 6, near First— 4 sunny rooms for .
housekeeping;. rent low. . .. - ;
TWELFTH. 230 C —Nicely furnished housekeep- ,
, in,T rooms; private family; select locality; -'
gas range. > ■■ -. ; -
TWENTY-THTRD. 3166. nr. Howard— Sunny ;
bay-window suite; kitchen: nicely furnished;
.adults- only. ■ ■ .. ... ' .. ■ ■
~ SEWING .MACHINES... ~~~~
$2 MONTHLY, rented ; - repaired. bought, sold; !
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; ',
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ROOMS TO . LET.
ARLINGTON House, . 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en 'suite or single; flrst-elasa
in every respect; terms reasonable. ■:_-"-)" .7.
AT Geary, Clean rooms, with good beds;
day, week or month; $1 per week. . -
AT 62 Second— Nicely furnished front rooms, $2
to $3 per week; single, $1 up;. respectable.  • ,
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny j front \ rooms; suite*,
single; facing plaza; day or mont.i. , -.'
BRODERICK, 309— Unfurnished front and back
parlors; sunny; bath; 1 block from park.
BALBOA, The— lo49 A Market st. -Suites. $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day: elevator: tel.
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St., corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single,. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 v.-eek; open all night; Howard st.
■ cars pass house direct from all trains.
BRYANT, 420— Sunny furnished single rooms
and bath. -■ ,"
BURNETT, 1364 Market Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and tingle; also unfurnished. :
DIAMOND, 44— Nice unfurnished front room
with alcove to let. . ■■
EDDY, 619 — Large nicely furnished ,' sunny
room; running water; large closet;, rent $S.
FIFTH. New management ; nicely furnished
rms and offices; suites or single; $1 2.') wk up.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front and back |
parlor; hot, cold water; piano; other rooms. i
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson »t.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 100,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per aio.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. , cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates;- families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family*
rooming house: $1 60 to $G per week.
MINNA, 607. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
! O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny • furnished- rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights;, day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 427— Handsomely furnished front
rooms; hot and cold water. •
i ZI*H
I OLIVE aye., 127— 512 5_ 4 unfurnished rooms.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POLK, 1415— Large sunny front and back par-
■ lor, unfurnished.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
Market — FunJlsbed and unfurnished.
i STEVENSON, 409— Nice sunny furnished front
; rooms, with grate; $1 up. .
TURK, 126 — Nice furnished room; running
water; gas; closet; suitable for gentleman. . .
TWENTY-FIRST. 2775— Sunny suite; nicely
furnished; warm belt; 2 car lines; reasonable;
references required.
2 OR 4 rooms, nicely furnished; parlor floor.
Address box 1711. Call office.
. ROOMS AND HOARD.
BUSH. s*4— Newly furnished sunny suites and
tingle rooms, with cr without board; reason-
able.
EDDY. 502— Nicely furnished front rooms;
I others; all conveniences; good board; reas.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
I room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In pvery respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold watpr: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O* FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ..
WANTED— A child to board; good home; i
mother's care; $10. 210 Lexington aye.,. near ;
Nineteenth st. "■.'.--.' ' ..'.
WIDOW would board small child or infant. NSS
San Jose ay. ; take cars cemetery line out 14th.
STORES TO LET.
HOWARD, 1802 Store, 2 show windows and 2
living moms; <*npup.
PACIFIC. 328," near Sansome— A handsome
large store; to let very cheap.
SIXTEENTH, 3174, near Guerrero— Store, with
3 nice livli-.g rooms; modern Improvements.
SUNNY corner store, 3 rooms; counters and
Fholvln.c. 649 Minna -st; $12.
I $12— CORNER store and 5 rooms; yard; carpen-
* ter, painter or grocery. • __ Snn .Tosp aye.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rpnts $12 50
to $20. . ASUTON A GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices: single '
or gulte. 1206 Market __ cor. Golden Gate.
" STABLES TO LET.
16 STALLS;' can also be used for other pur-
poses. Inquire 410 Bay st. . '
lIOTI'I, RKNT
' THE American Hotel; furnished; Benlcla; near
Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural Works.
i ' ■ ," . ——
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
; Gwyer, formerly o! 226 Turk Bt., has returned
' to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what- j
.ever muse; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will lind
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkln. .
A 1.1. Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlee,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
[>0 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any dlspase or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; node- '
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; frpp; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, II; very strong, $2. ■
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
temale specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has i
treated successfully morp cases of irregulari- ;
ties than any other physician; never, falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can he used at home; consultation i
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
a TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cares of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and »ure at any time when
others' have failed: instant relief for trav-
elers; home 'n confinement; best care; con-
sultation free, confl lul; every case punran-
trpd. MRS. DR. WYETH. removp.} from Turk
to 916 I'ost St., between Hyde and Larkln. .
NEW procofla sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from uiuit oause and how long standing:
every woman her own phj-Rlclnn; safe and
sure; no mrdlclnp or Instruments used; con-
sultation free; pills and capsule*, $1; cure, $5.
By the well-known ladies' physician • for 27
years. Call and sop me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that rr-f-torefl Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $5;. travelers helped Instantly: home
for patients separate from office; consult free;
hours 9 a. m. to-5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL,
1122 Market st., between Mason and Taylor.
AILMBNTfI Ladles In trouble ppp Drs. Good- j
wln frpp; reliable, safe nnd Eure; eurp In 24 |
hour* guaranteed: any complaints; no- Instru- j
meitts! maternity homp; best medical at- |
tendance: cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Neea to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. JonM _ city Hallav.
ALL married ladles know "Pejniro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., 108 Clay »€;
' *1 50. i Rend 2c fitamn for circulars ti> SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., C3I.K St.; Sacramento, Cal. ■
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 13?2 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with rvpry
comfort: best care and attendance:' terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.'
A*LPEAU'S French pill*, a boon to ladles with
female troubles:- no danger: pafe cure; $2 r>o;
esnrPßfUd C. O. D. : don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal." j
PRIVATE hospital; best references: trained
'nunwij; him* comforts. 204 San Jose aye ;
telephone White 481. .- ' . .'
DR. nnd Mr?. Wise, 111S Market st.— lnstant re-
. :llef. tor monthly troubles; or mone,y back;ssup. j
PRIVATE hospltnl, $5 ppr wepk and 'upward.
' Address telephone Blue 1148. - - -.. ;
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Private home In con-
. finpnient: midwife; 25 yrs. exper. 929 Howard.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladies cared for dur-
■ Ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av.,LOS Angeles. ■
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sun ny home
■ In confinement. -.158. Becond *t. ; tel. Green s*t
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE frpp; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fpp without success: colirrtlons. G w'
•HOWE, atty-at-law, 830 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE frpp; no charge unless successful W
;. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. - - -
ALL private law cases,, bankruptcy, 'collection •
free advice; open evgs. AttyMcCahe, 103 Larkln.
L. S. ■ CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
.Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
_______________
TYl'K \\ KITERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, , few partly
used for sale cheap: send ; for samples and
prices. ALEXANDEK&CO.. 110 Montgomery. j
A HAMMOND. -525: Calleranh.. $15: Yost. $»j I
.. e«t lamplt -work. BCOTT.' 333 Montgomery st.
. :.;;.;■";■; physicians. ; -~-™
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, offiet
and residence. 1021V4 Market, bet. 6th and 7th. I
.-•"■■ ■■:-:c ■■■■■■'■.•"■ -■■■' ■ ■ .».*.- ■• ' -.■ — .- .■■K*"-.-»si,™v.-r»:
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA hair tonic is used by
' all the flrst-claes hairdressers on this coast.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st. ■■■■' .
LEDERER does the most artistic hairdressing;
always the latest styles; fine pompadour hair
rolls, only 35c; switches, $1; fine. $2 50; FOAMO
i shampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER,' I23 Stockton.
THE Harmorife Vibrator, the great curative in-
, vention; face wrinkles positively ': removed:
'. chronic diseases • successfully treated; tests
free; send for circulars. Harmonic Life Col-
■ . lege and Sanitarium, 236 Powell S j
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, ■-„■ and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St. ■ Law a Specialty,
San Francisco, Cal. -American and Foreign
Send for Circular. ■ ,' . Patents Solicited..
ELECTRIC lights In every -room; Winchester
House, 44 Third rt., near Market; 200 rooms;
. 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
. free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCIENCE ,of i Life tausrht; elves permanent .
happiness In; marriage; hours 11 to 2,;," letters, ]
. $3. . DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery st. '
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: all kinds fancy work to . order. • K.
TOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter st. > J
JAPANESE good*, bamboo furniture. Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. £07 Larkin st. .' ■ ■
Pacific Matrimonial Agency, 110 Ellts. docs
largest business; gives best results; details .free.
A— Ladles', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furrleri. formerly on
. Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12Hc; 30 porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladies. 34 Fourth st.; nr. Market.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUN'KE, 1416 Sth *t. Alameia.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st. i "
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's:
highest prlrp; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order on easy installments. • L
LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. 7th and Bth.
A WEEI-CS news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrnrper. for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKER^.
MME. KKLLOO'S French tailor system of
dreßSCutting taught, by Mrs. Hamilton, 225
Grant aye.; first month's instructions in sew-
ing free. '
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer thi* week: perfect fitting
; patterns. McDowell School. 102 Post st.
j SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring i
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers. |
i SILK or cloth dress made. *."i to $6: dress made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. nOLP^Tf;;>
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans . ide on diamonds,
Jewels, stocks, bonds and 1 all articles of value;
- lowert Interest; private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy; phono Brown 323; our own
building; establ»*hed ISSI. UNv-E HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to »23 Mlsson St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.
BORROW money on your salary. Indorsed
paper or life insurance policy; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. Third and Jessie.
; $50 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates in probate,
Ist. 2d or chattol ■mortgages: undivided Inter-
ests estates. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., lui.i'j Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
• private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st. ■
ANY amount of 6^ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgagps, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. MeCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
I ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no com-
i mission; lowest Interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people: any proposition
considered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldg., r.76.
A. M. Speck K & Co., 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real estate, furniture, etc., rents, etc.
BORROW from the Cl.'ff RATE LOAN OF-
j FICE, 22 Mason st.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
0.. furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
-•statoT n specialty. MUUPIIY. <".38 Market et.
$50 to $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition, T ">r-den, 413 Montgomery Ft.
/financial.
j NOTES' discounted; loans negotiated. STL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
EDVCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
eaylng, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
Ehorthand, typing, languages,- English; 24
tenehers. day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewrit School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to'be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS nnd reporters as. teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates; day,
evening. RAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st. V '-,;.:
AYRES' Business College, . 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English hranches. etc.: life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
lng, mech. survey, assay, archit. day &'eve. ;
est 1864. VAN-DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. : Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; est. 1871.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory in
Letpelc; lessons, 7."c. 110 Hyde st. ;
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
,'. taught; short time. Tarr. ■ 572 Parrott bids.'
PROPOSALS.
■^• rn _ . , >."•",. - : r,*L . '_ .; ri . .
WAR DEPARTMENT. Quartermaeter Gen
eral'a Office. Washington, I). C., Jan. 20,
1899.— Transportation for Spanish prisoners of j
; war from the Philippine Islunds to Spain.
By direction of the Secretary of War sealed I
proposals are Invited for the transportation I
of the Spanish prisoners of war. now in the. |
Philippine Islands from Manila or such other j
ports in the Philippine Islands as may be
most convenient f,or their embarkation to j
Cadiz or such other, ports of. Spain as may
hereafter be designated. Their number Is es-
timated as about sixteen thousand (1G.000),
officers and enlisted men. ! Cabin accommoda-
tions are to be supplied for the of fleers and
thlrd-cltiFa or steerage accommodations hav-
ing, suitable' galley accommodations conform-
lngtothe United States requirements as to ■
space and ventilation for the enlisted men. !
The United States Government will deliver the !
prisoners on board the vessels at Manila or j
such other ports as may be designated for '
their embarkation. Proposals ' will state the
. price per capita for transporting officers and
for transporting enlisted men and for their
subsistence and delivering them .on shore at I
the Spunish port or ports to be designated,
and will be accompanied by a guarantee that
the - prisoners will |be comfortably enred for
• nnd subsisted while on the journey, the sub-
sistence to bp equal. to I'nited States "g.ir-
rison" rations, as follows: One thousand
(1000) , complete rations: Meat— Pork, - one-
tenth (1-10), seventy-five <7'>) pounds net
weight; baron, two-tenths (2-10), one hundred ,
and fifty (150) pounds net weight; tinned roa.it
. beef, seven-tenths (7-10), seven hundred (700)
pounds. net weight. - Flour or hard bread, net
weight one thousand (1000) pounds. Vegetables
—Dry beans,, net weight seventy-five (75) i
pounds, or rice, net weight fifty (50) pounds: I
fresh potatoes, net weight eight hundred (800) |
pounds; onions, net weight two hundred (200) !
pounds. Coffee, roasted, net weight eighty '■
(SO) pounds: supar. not weight one hundred
and fifty (150) pounds; vinegar, net weight '
■eighty (80) pounds; sonp. net weight forty
(40) pounds; salt, net.welght forty (40) pounds;
pepper, black, net ■weight two and five-tenths
(2.5) pounds. Proposals will state the num-
ber of vessels which are proposed to be used
- for the service, the name and classification of
< each, the tonnage, capacity of each, their j
speed,-'- the berth accommodations upon , each !
and the approximate length of time required '
by . each .vessel to .make the voyage from !
-Manila to the coast of Spain.; Proposals will ;
also stnte the time at which each vessel will i
.arrive in ' the hnrbor Mnnlla and report to |
• the chief quartermaster, at that place ready
for' the embarkation of the prisoners of war.
.Vessels of ■ any, nationality may be tendered
and. will be considered for the service re- I
quired. Payment for the service will be made <
when, evidence Is furnished . that the ship i
has arrived with her passengers at point i
of destination. The number of officers
and men counted aboard:, at place of
embarkation Iby the quartermaster Is !to
determine the number. to be paid for. Pro-
posals should be addressed to the' Depot
Quartermaster, U. S. Army. New York City,
' or to the Depot' Quartermaster. San Fran-
cisco, = Cal., at which -places they 1 . will be
opened at twelve (12) o'cieck m.. standard
time, on the first day of February, eighteen j
hundred and n'.nety-nine, and submitted to !
■ thlw '. office. The .• Government reserves the i
ripht to reject any ami all proposals submit- !
" ted. . M. I. LUDINGTON, Quartermaster Gen- I
■ eral. TJ. S.'Army.'. '.''■-■-''-.'■'.■ -. • ■
' ;,.■.■: STORAGE.
PtERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlco 401 Post St.. ear. Powell: tel.. Mala 571 J.
■■:.... - ■ ,-..■■ l . - ■ . . -
CITY REAL. ESTATE. '"J "
.V;... '. : .TTTmissioiTcottages '.. .. . .
/....... ON BITUMINIZED STREET -:.V
." — Five and six i room cottages .1X... v.
- Four-room cottage .. ...... .'. ,
$2400— Six-room cottage... ."........
Five-room cottage
$3200 -Eight-rooin; two^tory, .^
' New : moaern: houses with O'ery 'convenience
on. the sunny sWe Twentieth ■ St.. between
'■ Castro and Noe sts: > Jots 2px125: - small : cash
■ payment, monthly. . F. NELSON, builder.
VALENCIA St., 50 feet or 25 feet, running
through to rear street, 60 feet wide: will
sell at $135 per foot. ASHTON & GARDI-
NER. 411 Montgomery st.
$20 MONTHLY will buy v new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest improvement*;
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
. HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery . st. V
MISSION warm belt; $2S00; house of. 6 rooms,
bath, etc. ; a splendid neighborhood. Inquire
at 77 Cumberland st.. bet; 19th and 20th.
CHOICE modern ' cottage; - 6 rooms and base-
j ment: situated close to Park; lot 50x100: sac-
rlflee; $3000. ? Pac. Coast Ex.. 1007% Market.
COL.STRY REAL ESTATK.
NEW rich land ' near city; 'small and large j
.'tracts: 21S0 acres sold .to " 120 . famlies; 7"00
acres left. For. particulars of immense crops
, -raised in dry season of 1597-I.SS3 hddress THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st.. S. F.
FOR SALE-^ — -Country home of.FJS. Wens! ti-
ger; 62T> acres, :. with profitable dairy. Apply
. to owner on premises. Freestone,- Sonoma Co.
RICH land, near bay; fruit, " grain 'or hogs; i
bargain. X.', box 1639, Call office. •■■."*■ j
TO EXCHANGE. J
WHAT have you in exchange .for a highly lm- I
proved 15-acre ranch near Santa Rosa? New !
cottage, and outbuildings. Box 1671. Call, •
EQUITY of $5000 In city residence for country 1
place; state particulars. Box 1722. Call. j
DENTISTS. !
A METAL plate for the same price as rub- j
ber; full set of teeth, $0; crowns, $3; till- ;
ings. 50c; tetth without plated a specialty:
' written guarantee for ten years given on all |
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates, are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner . Market und
■Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
VANVROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices; full set of teeth, $5 up: filling*. :
25c up; all work absolutely painless: written
; guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par- !
lors west of Chicago; open evenings and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts. .
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years; :
' teeth without plmes. crown and bridge work j
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 B0; all I
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- ,
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. g2OROE w. LEelc. 20 O'FarrelTstrTc^
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4; !
rubber or flexible plates. $3*, received S first I
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. .$4; fillings, 26c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3: gold bridge, $s;. plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission st.. corner Sixth.
I DR. LUDLUM HILL, 114:: Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a i
specialty; all work reasonable;, gas given.
COLTON ' Pental Association. 806 Market st.
PR. CHARLES W. PECKER,
SET of teeth without. a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold; 50c; silver, 25c; crowns, $3. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND real ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1058 Broadway,
Near Eleventh Street.
Cottage of 6 rooms with bath, hall and
basement; lot 26x100 feet; only 3% blocks from
Broadway. ■ . ■ . ' ..'.»■; - •
$1600 — New colonial cottage of 5 rooms; Just
completed; lot 40x100 feet; sunny frontage; near
cars and train any ' plan of payment to suit
buyer, •
j
Two-story house of 8 rooms on the
sunny side of the street; one block from Mar- !
.ket street station; easy plan of payments If
desired.
.... HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway Near Eleventh st.
NEW AND COMPLETE.
Handsome- hoth>{ modern in deslgn^and ar-
. rangement, ..complete. In every detail; four
sleeping rooms: frontage 42x100; best location
In town; 3 minutes to local station: price. Im-
provements at cost; lot at a present times |
, figure; your-own terms of ■ payment.
HERON, & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
$850 NET — New house of 5 rooms: lot JtOxlOO:
1 block from car line; good location; forced
. sale. • -.■ ■.■".?. r . • . • . - ,
$4800, ' reduced from $7000— Cozy cottage, 3
rooms; lot 80x180: corner; choice shrubbery, I
greenhouse, etc.; few blotks from Senator Per- I
kins' place: all modern and first-class. E. E.
BUNCE, SOS Broadway, Oakland.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms in East Oakland: lot
2SxlO0; choice fruit trees. in rear; $700: snap.
E. E. BUNCE,' 9OB Broadway, Oakland.
$8 TO Five and six room flats in East Oak-
land; convenient to cars: choice location;
modern. B. H. WELCH & CO.. I."!SX sth aye.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16' pages, sent to. any address .In the
' United Pt'atps or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid. • ... . :
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1455—1 furri. room; use kitchen;
3 unfurnished, ground floor, 'sunny, $?.
OAKLAND : FIRMTIRE FOR SALE;.
FTJRNITL/RE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old ftorp. 40S Klfv^n^h »t. See him
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$950— MODERN cottage. 4 rooms: lot 25x125;
street work, etc., all complete; Grand-st. sta-
tion.' . ■ . .
Modern , cottage, 5 rooms; lot 26x123;
good location: near station: easy terms.
greatest bargain In Alameda: lot 50x150; !
i house of « rooms; choice part of Central aye.; j
1 eaßh. • .. .
$3500— Elepant corner. 44x150: new. modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $500 cash; balance $23 ■
1 per month; this is- a snap. ' ■ '
Housee to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park. st. ; '
j $800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
I . $1100— lot .on Benton st., near Santa
: Clara aye. . . ' , , .' . >
tISOiS New 5-room cottage, on Grand'st. : »york
I all done. . ' -
$2500—50x200 house,' .8 rooms; windmill and
I tank. : •
J3sCo— £oxlso: elegant new house, 8 rooms; '
modern: at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda; Office!
open Sundays. . - ' ■ . ■„
-. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. •'■
. IJOO Park st.. Alameda. ;
A LQT for a enrpenter. painter, plasterer or
anybody: J250 ea'h, 2">xloS: $30 cash, $3 per
month. J.'.H. VO;'Ni-}. 1243 Park st.. Alameda.;
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3650— 9-ROOM house; near university; ' easy
terms. < ■ ■■"■
5700— 4-room house; Golden Gate; $10 per j :
month. •".,'. ;
$ICCO— S-ronm bouse; Shell Mound; $10 per '
; month. ' '
fcj lf'uO bargains in real estate. Oakland and
Berkeley. . M. L. WURTS,
I Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
$4000 WlLL. buy a har.dsomt new home of 11
rooms: everything the best: street work all j
. done; grnnd view; close to university. O. G. !
: MAY & CO., C 123 Center st.. Oakland. I ,
$17.10— HOUSE of 5 rooms: -large lot: street
work nil done: electric. cars nass the doors; a
bargiin. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
' Estate, Berkeley. ■ > -.- -.■•-. •
j J^ ;_' 1 ■ [
■ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent, by ! .
i mail will not "be Inserted. They must be handed
! in at either of the publication offices and b» «
indorsed with the name and residence of per- '
j sons authorized: to have the same published.
BOBN.
j BREUSS— this city. January 29, 1599, to the j .
; wife, of A. Breuss, a son.
MAYER— In. Berlin. Germany. ; January 29, 1899,
j to the wife of Jacques Mayer (former!;. Cora i
Feeler), « son. -'•■'■' : ■ ■»• ■' ■■> '. '.
■.•.•■■-..■■■■'■.■'■ H "married. # ; .- .
: SCHILLING-JOHNSTON-In Berkeley. Jami-
, ary 2S, 1899. •by the Rev.. Mr. Coyip. WilllHm . !
I .F. Schilling of San Francisco ' and Lucy Mm- : ;
nic Johnston of Berkeley. ; v . ' • :'■■ '
.;■/;'.. '■;.;;; died.,;, - ; •
<, Adam. August J. ■P. ' : Kyne, Frank C. -
Baldocchi, Emma Kennedy, Dennl»- ■'
Barkane. Emma. - Leo Margaret .
Byler, Alvin L. Madden, John
I Carleton, S. B. O'Donnell. Katie J.
Cornelius, Theodore Petsch, Conrad
Croer, Celestino ' Powers. Mary
Day, Timothy " Rice, Mrs. Mary L,
Pc ■ Luea. lacopo, • Ropers, Charles K.
French, .- John H. '. Rollet. Thomas \S .
Fava, Carolina "' Simonton. Otilla
Orennan, Peter" "'"'' Tucker. Henrietta
Godden. James H. Tompkins, Pelia
Hargaden, . Catherine Thompson,' Mrs. E.
ADAM— In . this city, January 29, , ; 1599, August
J. P., -dearly beloved son of 1 August a.nd. Eva
Adam, . and brother of Maxsaret and Ru-
dolph Adam, a native of San Francisco, aged
3. year 6 months and 6 days."
BALPOCCHI— In this city. January 2S, 1599,
Emma, beloved "daughter of RobCTt and Adele
Baldocchi, and sister of Ida. and Fred Bal-
docchi, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years. •
iE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
•(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
defnee, 2.423 Washington 1 * street. Interment
Holy Crdss Cemetery. . !
BARKANE— In this city. January 29, 1899. Em-
ma, beloved wife of Axel Bar..ane, mother of
Anna and Meta Barkane, grandmother of
Ethel and Francis Muller, and sister of Mrs.
H. Finnegan and F. Lottritz, a native of
England. ' '
BYLER— In Oakland. January 29. 1599. Alvin
Lawrence, infant -son of : Alexander and Lizzie
Byler, a native of Oakland, aged 7 days.
CARLETON— In San Jose, January 27, 1899.
S. 8., beloved husband of Mary E. Carleton.
a native of Cumberland. Md., aged 50 years.
[CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), from \ San .lore Masonic Hall,
thence by train at 11:25 o'clock to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully Invited to attend.
K. and L. of X.— The officers and members of
West End Lodge No. 1102, Knights and La-
dles of Honor, are requested' to attend the
funeral of our. late beloved brother, S. B.
Carleton. Please meet at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery this day (Monday), at 11:30 o'clock.
. C! GAETJEN. Pro.
P. KAPLAN. Sec.
CORNELIUS— In this city, January 27, 1599,
Theodore N.. dearly beloved husband of Nico-
llne Cornelius, and lather of Elsa and Charles
Cornelius, a native of A rat Porum. Germany,
aged 42 years 3 months ana '17 days'. A mem-
ber of Schiller Stamm No. 275. U. O, R. M.
(nyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to otteruJ the funeral this day
(Mondf.y), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 68 Ninth street, corner Jessie. Inter-
ment I. O. o. F. Cemetery.
CROER— In the City and County Hospital.
January .29. 18U9, Celemlno Croer, a native of
Switzerland, aged 59 years.
PAY— In San Ra nel. January 29. 1599. Timothy
■ Day, beloved father of Henry J., Thomas and
Annie Day. a native of Charlesvllle, County
Cork, Ireland, ared 72 years.-
ICyFrJends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from his late residence-, thence to
St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celehratPd for the repose
of his soul, cohimenclng at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment at Mount Olivet Ctiaetery. ■' • •
PE LUCA— In this city, January 27. 1899, 'Iaco-
iio, .beloved husband of Eufrqsira de Luca,
and father of Narslssus, John, Amerigo. Fer-
mlna, Kmerina and Willie <ie Luca, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 64 .years. ' -....'
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are. .respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'ctnek, from his late resl-
delce, 12 Bonita street, off Polk, between Va-
■ llejo and Green, thence, to ,BtA Peter and
Paul's Church, . where a reciulem high, mass
will be celebrated- for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • •■ ■
FRENCH— In this city, January 2S. ISS9. John
' H.. beloved husband of Nellie Frenoh, and
father of Clara, John and Alice French, a 1
native of Tuam. Ireland, aged 34 years."
ETFrlcndi* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this' day
(Monday), at .1 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Church, California street, between Fillmnre
and Stelner.: Interment Cyprens Lawn Ceme-
ry.
FAVA-Tn this city. January 29. 1R99. Carolina,
beloved wife of Innocenso Fava, dearly be-
loved mcrher of ; Mrs. G. laccheri and Mrs.
A. .Frediani, and EiFtr-r.. of PhUlp Broschi and
Mrs. A. Yocco. a native of Faido, Switzer-
land, aged C 2 years. . •
GRENNAN-In Brentwood, January 28, 1899,
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Ksthrr Oren-
nan, and father of peter. Thomas, KTatthew,
Mamie, Tessle. Robert and Joseph Grennan.
a native of Kings County, Ireland, aged 68
years.
tdTFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, '21 Sanchez street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Requiem high mass at An-
tloch.
GODDEN— In this city, January 27. 1899, James
H. Godden, a native iof England.- aged 25
years. A member of Highland Fall No. 429,
I O. O. F.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this d.iv
(Monday), at '.' o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr <*• Co., 120«j Mission etreet. near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HARGADEN— In this city, January 29. : ISJ9.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of the- la-te
Patrick Hargaden,- rind sister of James Go-
revan and the late Anna Murrjn, a native of
County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t.. attend tb« fuiieral to-morrow
.(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 224 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where- a solemn requiem high
j .. mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, com men at 9 o'clock. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery;
KYNE— in this city, .Tanunry 29, lSft9. Frank C,
beloved son of Mary A. and the late Thomns
A. Kyne, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years. - -
KEN'NEPV-In this city, January 20. 1599, Pen-
nls-, dearly beloved husband of Mnry Ken-
nedy, a native of Liscrea, County Tipperary,
Ireland, aged 78 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at .9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, southwest corner of Eddy and Pierce
streets; thence to Holy Cross Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
noM of his soul, commencing at 9:30 clock.
interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Funeral
! private..' Please omit flowers.
LEONARD— In this city, January 29, .1899,
■ Margaret, beloved wife of the late Cornelius
Leonard, a native of the parish of Desert,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 74 years.
MADDEN— this city, January 27. 188*, John,
dearly beloved son of Thomas W. and Rose
■ Madden, and brother of Rnth Madden, a na-
tive *6f San Francisco, aged 1 month ■ and 7
days. ; . - , • : •- ■ •
CT'Fiineral private. -
O'DONNELL— In this city, January 27, 1899,
Katie J., beloved wife of Joseph E. O'Don-
nell, mother of Evelyn C. O'Ponnell, ; sister
of Mrs. H. E. Coffey, and daughter of the
late Frederick and Kate Mohrmannv
|T7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at r>:4."i o'clock, from the late resi-
dence. 102 Baker street; thence to St. Agnes
Church, where a solemn requiem high' mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ,- ■ ■ :
PETSCH— In this city, January 28, 1899, Con-
rad. d°arly beloved husband of Johanna
Petsch, and father of Mrs. Gussie Bird, Miss
Hattie Thorp** nnd-. Paul Petsch, a native of
Germany, aged 69 years 4 months and 19 days.
(Boston." Mass., and Waterbury, Conn., papers
please copy.) - - .
[T7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 4ti2l Eighteenth street, near Pouglass.
Interment Cypress Lawn <vmetery. by elec-
tric funeral cnr. ;
•POWERS— In San Jose, January 29. IS >!>. Mary,
beloved daughter of the late Patrick and
Urldget Powers, sister of Katie and Joseph
' Powers, and niece of Miss Mary McCarthy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years and
4 months. ' •
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt -S:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C." O'Connor -& Co.. T«7 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RICE— this city. January <2s». 1899; Mrs, Mary
L. Rice, ' beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph Tel-
yea and Mrs. E. Woodroff. aged 87 years.
(Elko, Nev., papers please copy.)
ROGERS— In this city." January 26/1599, Charles
X . beloved son of William and Frances
Rogers, and brother of Mrs. Ella Graves of
Portland, Or., a native of . Blossbursr. Pa.,
aged 24 years 1 month and 4 days. (Los An-
geles and Portland, Or., papers please 6opy.)
ROLLET— In this city, ■ Januai— 29, . 1599,
Thomas Wilfred, beloved son of Thomas Wil-
fred and Nellie Rollet, and stepson of the
late John L. Casey, a native of San Fran-
. clsco. acd 4 years and 6 months.
P^Notioe of funeral hereafter. . "•
SIMONTON— m this city. January 28, 1899.
•Otilla, widow of the late.Dr. W. B. .Slmonton
of Oakland, and. mother of Mrs. Dr. 'J. R.
Lalne. a native of Pennsylvania.
it^The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 12:43 o'clock, from the residence
'of Pr. J. rt. Lalne. 921 Sutter street. Inter-
ment private, ,at Mountain View .Cemetery,
Oakland. '" ; ■"■ ' - ■ \
TUCKER— In this city, Jenuary 29. 1599, Hen-
rietta, beloved wife of -Walter Tucker, and
daughter of Mrs. William H. Glenn,- and sle-
. ter cf Thomas A. and Eleie L. Kern and
Alice, Laura and Willie Glenn, a native of
" Kansas, aged 28 years and 29 clays. ' ■'-. ■
TOMPKINS— In ■ this '■ city, January 29, 1899,
Pelia.- wife of the late John Tompkins, and
' mother of John and Thomas w. Tompkins.
Mrs; Kate Moselcy. Mrs. C. M. Sullivan of
Los Gatos and the lato Martha Muir, a na-
' tlve of Ireland, aged 7S years. (San Jose and
Los Gatos' papers please copy.) .' .
' • (OTrlends and acquaintances arerespect-
.. fully invited to attend th-' funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. -Joseph's
Church. San Jose. ;, :
THOMPSON— In this city, at •■■ her resid"n<*°,
• 2417' Bush BtrMt, -January 28, 1899, Mr:-. E.
■ Thompson, widow of the '.ate .John Thomp-
son, aged 73 ypara months and 2 day. .
. (TTFuneial to-morrow . (Tuesday).' Services
\. an/1, intTment private. ' ' '"' •
HENRY*;. GALLAGHER CO.,
, «f?occM(iorii. tri] F.lannsan A- Oallaghert,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EilBAL' '.BX.
■ 10 Fifth it.. ocposlt* Lincoln j^ajot
Tel*phen» *>outh 80. ... V* ■_• - ■ • • 
McAVOY <fe CO., I ■ \
I FUNEKAU i.i.Nh, i'( 'RS « JBMBaLMBR* j
IZSI Market ft., between Bth and Sth. H
/..-■'. Ttlephonc. South . Mf: -:■:•■■■■ \
910
FIRE CLAIMS TWO
HELPLESS VICTIMS
An Aged Cripple and a
Little Child Burned
to Death.
The Qld Man Left to His
Fate by Excited
Friends.
Atter Playing With Oil
the Child Lit a
Match.
Heroism ot a Boy Who
Saved a Baby From
the Flames.
THE San Bruno Hotel, an old land
mark on the San Bruno Road, be
came food for flames shortly before
the noon hour yesterday. An old
man named Matthius Eichorn, who
perved in the capacity of a porter
about the place, was hemmed in by
the elements of destruction on tne second
Rtory and perished before it was even
known that he was in the building. A
lodger named Kansauer leaped from a
third-story window and was severely,
though not fatally, injured.
• The hotel was a three-story frame
building and was run under the manage
ment of Joseph Steiner. About half-past
11 ytsterday morning tire started in a room
c!. the second floor occupied by his chil
dren as sleeping apartments. After its
discovery it gained headway with almost
Incredible rapidity, and soon flames' were
crackling in every part of the structure.
As soon as it was known that the place
was ablaze every one rushed pellmell
through the lower part of the building
without giving a thought to ones who
might be on the upper floors. A baby
about 1 year of age was rsecued by the
heroic efforts of little Theodore Steiner,
wtto made hts way through the thick
smoke and flames to a room where the
child was sleeping, and carried it to the
door below. The youngster is but S years
of age. yet ventured into the building
when the stairway creaked under his
weight and when the fire lapped the walls
around him.
Neighbors who were first to reach the
scene asked the people in charge of the
place tf there was any one in the building.
Id their excitement they forgot old Mat
thius Eichorn and replied no. He was left
to his fate until it was too late to render
him any assistance. He was nearly SO
years of age and a cripple. His back was
bent and his limbs were partially para
lyzed. It is possible that he had suffi
cient time to escape, but hi- feeble condi
tion prevented it. Tl.e room occupied by
him was on the second floor in front. Af
ter the flre had left nothing but the
framework of the old building erect hts
body hung across the charred rafters in
slpht of the firemen and finally fell
through to the ground floor. It was
burned beyond recognition and only a por
tion of the head remained; the limbs were
entirely prone.
Henry Uansauer. an employe of the Cal
ifornia" Glue Works, was the only person
on the third floor when the cry of fire
was raised. When hf bolted into the hall
he found that it was already filled with
smoke, and. thinking that there was no
lie exit, rushed back into his room.
H<- then lost his head and leaped from a
window. He alighted on the roof of a
Bht '1 a few feet above the ground and
■was. picked up and taken to the Receiving
Hospital, lie w;\s injured across the
chest, but not internally. He will recover
shortly. While the lire was at its height
:t bux of cartridges exploded and bullets
whizzed in all directions. One of them
passed within an inch of Police Sergeant
Hlank's head and imbedded itself in a
fence across the street, while the others
made the crowd scatter.
Bnfitoe 13 was the first to reach the
scene, but the firemen seeing the hope
lessness of trying to save any part ol* the
burning structure, turned their efforts to
saving property in the vicinity. It was a
hard tight and several firemen were badly
burned in the attempt. Assistant Chief
Fernandez was burned about the hands
ami Firemen M. Wrtfeht. J. Cheseney and
Fred Wood of Truck 7 were scorched
about tho face.
The loss is estimated at about $.1000 of
v. hich Sl.'iOO will be recovered by insurance.
The building is owned, by Mrs. Theresa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lilT CHANGE
. . . ON . . .
KEARMSTREET.
»T THE CLOSE OF THE CENTEN-
. nial Exposition in Philadelphia in 1876
the Vienna Model Bakery, which had
been the favorite lunch place at the great
fair, reopened in San Francisco, finding
favor at once with the public, and during
the twenty-three years of its existence
here maintained its popularity without a
rival.
Tho necessity for more modern and
commodious quarters has impelled the
proprietor to lease' and elegantly fit up
the premises on the northwest corner of
Post and Kearny streets, which are now
open. ■
Convenient to the library and shopping
center, ladies out during the day without
escorts will find this an Ideal luncheon
place. The new quarters of the Vienna
Model Bakery, are modern in all their ap-
pointments. The dining room will be on
the street floor, while the light and spa-
clous basement, furnished with the latest
appliances, insures a perfect sanitary
condition. •
The Vienna Model Bakery will continue
to be a place where one can get anything
from a good cup of coffee or chocolate or
plate of icecream to a regular dinner, well
cooked, properly served, and with, that
atmosphere of quiet and respectability
that has always made a meal here thor-
oughly enjoyable. V "■'..;<■-■.■
The catering will be the special care of
the proprietor, Mr. Reinhold Beck, whose
forty years' experience in' the confection-
eries of Europe 'qualifies him to satisfy
the most fastidious tastes, an experience
that has made the Vienna Model Bakery
■ucce4ful and popular.
The Burning of the San Bruno Hotel Made a Corpse of a Cripple and a Hero of a Boy.
Krager and is located at 1540 San Bruno
avenue. It was built years ago and was
raised one story about three years back.
It has always been occupied as a hotel
and the rooms, there are about twenty,
are always occupied. It is fortunate that
the fire did not break out at night, for it
is almost a certainty that most of the oc
cupants would have become victims of the
flames.
Matches handled carelessly by some of
the younger children are supposed to have
been the cause of the conflagration.
The body of Eichorn was removed to the
Morgue. He \Vas a native of Sweden and is
a distant' relative to the proprietor of the
place.
FEARFUL FATE OF
A LITTLE CHILD
The alarm which came in at 4 o'clock
from box 257, Fillmore and Chestnut
streets, carried a message of death. It
was that of the little son of "Thomas TV. ]
Rollet, an employe of the Pacific Gas
Improvement Company.
Thomas Guthen, the superintendent, and
James Owens, the engineer, of the gas
works, observed the shed in the yard on
fire and rushed in to do what they could
to extinguish the flames. On looking into
the corner where the flre originated and
along the side of an oil barrel they saw
the body of a child, burned beyond recog
nition and almost to a cinder. . It was lit
tle Tommy Rollet. With tender hands
they lifted the little form from where it
lay under, an oil tank and took it to an
other part of the yard to render what aid
was possible, but the boy was dead. Only
a few minutes previously the child had
left his mother's house across 'the. street
and had entered the yard of the gas
company in search of amusement.
It is supposed that the child had pro
cured some matches at the house of his
mother,, and on entering the yard went
into the, corner under the shed,. where the
Soaßed as They Were Io Oil, the Child's Clothes Burned
Liße a Torch.
oil barrel was, and in some way turned
on the fnucet, which permitted the oil
to flow, and while playing he struck a
match, which, igniting the oil, at once
enveloped him in the fury of its flames.
After the Fire Department had extin
guished the burning shed the Coroner's
office was notified and the Morgue wakon
hastened to the place arid removed what
whs left of the child's body.
The father of the boy had just returned
from a drive to the park when he was
greeted with the horrifying news. He
said that before leaving home he wanted
to take the litle fellow with him for a
ride, but it was finally decided to' leave
him behind.
Attempted Robbery.
L. H. Pierce, a laborer, was arrested
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1599.
early yesterday morning on Second street
and booked in the City Prison on a
charge of attempt to commit robbery.
Carl Linn, an old man. told the police that
Pierce attempted to steal his watch, but
only succeeded in breaking the chain.
DAL HAWKINS IN TOWN.
Will Begin Training Wednesday for
His Go With Frank Erne.
Dal Hawkins arrived in the city yester
day from the East. He will begin train
ing Wednesday morning for his go with
Frank Erne, which will be on March 19.
Dal looks well and he says he was never
in better health or spirits. Speaking of
his approaching lierht with Erne the San
Francisco lad said:
"Erne is a good man, and our fight will
be a hot one. Naturally I expect to win,
and I shall train faithfully, so my friends
will know that I mean to win out when
I go into the ring, un my way home I
stopped at Spokane and Seattle and gave
an exhibition in each place."
Hawkins still regrets the loss of his
battle with Sullivan, and thinks he would
win if Me ever meets the Eastern light
weight again. If he wins from Erne he
Intends to take on Lavigne.
John Considine and Billy Dqnegan will
train Hawkins for his coming match.
Training quarters have not been decided
upon, but Dal thinks he will go out to
Ingleside.
■ m » . — v , . — -■
Pickpockets ;' Arrested.
Gcorg-e Walton, alias Campbell , and
James Ryan, two well-known pickpock
ets, were arrested yesterday afternoon by
Detective Egan while working the crowds
at the Fillmore and Halght-street trans
fer point. They were locked up in "the
tanks" pending further Investigation as
to the results of their work.
BONDS ACCEPTED
FOR PICKPOCKETS
"AUSTRALIAN EDDIE" CANNOT
BE FOUND BY THE POLICE.
John Piggott Released in Less Than
an Hour After His Arrest Dur
ing the Early Morning
Hours.
Edward Brooks, better known as "Aus
tralian Eddie," one of the most notorious
pickpockets in the country, cannot be
found by the police, and the presumption
I is that he has betaken himself to more
congenial climes. Detectives Egan and
Gibson have been searching for him day
and night since Friday, but not a trace of
j him can be found.
Brooks was arrested Saturday, January
21, by Detective T. B. Gibson, after giving
the detective a sharp run and a' stubborn
fight. He was working the crowd at the
Orpheum when discovered. Three charges
of grand larceny wero booked against
him Monday, and Tuesday the cases were
called in Judge Graham's court, but were
continued until Friday. That day another
continuance was granted until "February
2. and at 6 o'clock that evening Brooks
was released on $3000 bonds, $1000 in each
c-.is*-. accepted by Clerk Kelly of Judge
Graham's court. The police learned of
his release some hours later, and then 'the
seach for him was commenced, as he is
a dangerous character to be at liberty
and ho could be arrested for vagrancy
The police have br-en as yet unable to as
certain whether the bonds are good but
this morning Bond Expert Newman will
be instructed to carefully examine them
and report the result.
As an evidence of the fact that people
of that class have a friend in Clerk Kollv
the case of John Piggott is cited. Pig
gott is a notorious pickpocket, and al
though arrested numerous times for
vagrancy and picking pockets, he has
always managed to beat the cases, much
to thft disgust of tho police. He was ar
rested yesterday morning on Ellis street
by Policeman Barney Harter for
vagrancy. He was booked at the City
Prison at 2:35 a. m. and at 3:30 a, m. he
was released on $300 bonds accepted by
Clerk Kelly. It is about the quickest
work on record, considering the hour of
arrest.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommendej by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
LORD ROSSDALE HERE.
He Registered at the California as
Oliver Ashworth.
.. Oliver. Ash worth, who claims to be Lord
Rossdale, the scion of a noble family, is
at the California. He ; registers under the
name of Ashworth because he declares
that he has resided a sufficiently long time
in America to drop all .'English frills.
Lord Rossdale is merely here for pleas
ure; and;if the lavish spending of money
gives pleasure, then his Lordship is hav
ing a good time. He is here from .Wyom
ing,- where he and his brother own a cat
tle ranch. ■'. :'■'■,--,,■ ;.".» - .. : A
_Lord Rossdale: is. not a stranger to San
Francisco, for he has; often been here be
T Ore i J «>, W i ls h^ .who ■:■ brou ht to California
Lord Sholto Douglass; and, by the wav
♦ h«? a^ thaV Dou lass is. not.i Lord, but
that the title belongs Vto . his brother
■Arthur He says that the Marquis of
Queensberry will never .forgive his son
for marrying that actress. The name of
Ashworth does not appear in • ■ B^rke^s
Peerage. His Lordship intends to return
«tx> his,ranch when he has had enough of
the pleasures of San Francisco.
Atlas Whisky, medicinally pure: tones ud
Molina & Kaltenbach, 28 Market street.
HE CAME FHOM MINNESOTA.
Chris Wimmer Fell Among Thieves
• and Lost j His ' Money.
W. S. Miller, who is known as a bunko
• man that travels around with circuses
is locked- up in : "the tanks", at the Cltv
w^rtoTV.ih 0^ 130 deiiniteiy decided
. Friday/night.- he.- met Chris Wimmer a
.stranger, from:; Minnesota, at the ferry
and soon Ingratiated himself into the good
graces of \V lmmer. They visited several
saloons and 'when Wimmer awoke Satur
day morning he had lost $120 in coin and
his gold watch. He notified the harbor
police, and ■ Saturday • night ■ Policemen
Ellis and Shaw arrested Miller at the
Palace Hotel.; '-: - . •■ ■,-.
Wimmer ; identified him yesterday as the
man who ■ steered , him around.
BOGUS COINS
IN HIS POCKETS
Arrest of a Supposed
Counterfeiter.
SEARCHING FOR THE PLANT
FREDERICK BOLENA LOCKED UP
IN THE TANKS.
Thought to Be the Man Who Has
Been Passing the "Queer" on
Unsuspecting Store
keepers.
The police believe they have the man
who has been passing bogus money on
unsuspecting storekeepers. During the
past few months a large amount of spuri
ous coins have been put in circulation
and, despite the efforts of the authorities,
the "shover of the queer" continued un
molested.
While patrolling his beat Saturday Po
lice Officer Chase saw a man who an
swered the description of the counter
feiter. He followed him for several
blocks and finally saw him enter a sa
loon on Third street between Mission and
Howard. Chase slipped into the saloon
unknown to the suspect and. as he ten
dered a quarter In payment for a drink
the officer picked up the coin and pro
ceeded to examine it. The suspect first
pretended to be indignant, but as the
officer discovered that the money was bo
gus, he feigned ignorance of that fact
and promised to return and settle for the
drink.
Convinced that he was the much-want
ed counterfeiter, Chase took him to po
lice headquarters, where he was subjected
to a thorough search. In one of his pock
ets was found $6 50 in bogus quarters and
half dollar pieces. When asked how he
had obtained possession of the counter
feit coins, the prisoner declared that he
had received them from a friend. He
gave his name as Frederick Bolena and
claimed that he had recently arrived
from the East.
The police yesterday endeavored to lo
cate Bolena's room, but without success.
They are satisfied that if they locate his
room they will discover a complete coun
terfeiter's outfit.
Bolena is a well-dressed man of about
40 years of age and is evidently of Span
ish extraction. He refuses to answer
questions, except to say that he is inno
cent of any wrong doing. To-day he will
be turned over to the United States au
thorities.
The bogus coins which were found in his
possession were evidently recently made.
The two-bit pieces are excellent imita
tions and could be passed without much
difficulty. -
Y. M. C. A/S FORTY
SIXTH ANNIVERSARY
APPROPRIATE EXERCISES HELD
IN ASSOCIATION HALL.
President John J. Valentine Tells of
the Good Work Done in th©
Past Year by the Chris
tian Workers.
The forty-sixth anniversary of the T.
M. C. A. of San Francisco was observed
with appropriate exercises In the associa
tion auditorium at the corner of Mason
and Ellis streets yesterday afternoon. The
large hall was well filled and the audience
listened attentively to the addresses of
the speakers and joined heartily in the
singing of the choruses.
The Knickerbocker quartet furnished
excellent vocal music and among the
speakers were Rev. Dr. A. N. Carson,
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, President
John J. Valentine and Rev. Dr. E R
Dille.
In his review of the work of the assocl-
1 a o t rL or V> for .i he £ ear en dlng December 31,
1898, President Valentine declared that In
many respects the past year had been the
most remarkable in its history. He said
the receipts had exceeded expenditures
and although the excess on the credit side
of the ledger was small, it was neverthe
less extremely gratifying. The member
ship is large and interest in the work is
constantly expanding. The association
never had a stronger hold on the young
men, nor has its work ever been more im
peratively needed in the community than
to-day. The speaker referred to the work
among the railroad men and commercial
travelers, in the colleges and in the army
and navy. Speaking of the latter he said:
"The association was in touch with every
regiment organized, and its representa
tives—paid agents— went to the front with
every army corps and with every naval
expedition as well."
The total liabilities of the association
now amount to $202,492 70, with assets
$100,775 75. leaving the total net indebted
ness $101,716 95. President Valentine ex
pressed the hope that during the present
year sufficient Interest might be aroused
in the great city of San Francisco to in
duce its well-to-do citizens to discharge
the entire indebtedness of the association.
There is no doubt of the prosperous con
dition of the association, as the report of
the general secretary shows that notwith
standing the great number that have left
the city in the past year to go to the
Klondike or enter the army or navy, its
rolls are well filled and new members are
being received at the rate of about 100 a
month.
The anniversary address was delivered
by Dr. Dille. He spoke on "Young Man
hood—lts Peril and Rescue," and he
handled his subject with rare tact and
eloquence, dilating on the dangers which
beset the path of the youth and urging
the necessity of providing proper safe
guards to protect them from temptation.
SCORES AT SCHUETZEN.
Inaugural Contest for the Prize Do
nated by J. L. Flood.
The first installment of the long horald
ed shoot of the California Schuetzen Club
for the 200 shares of stock in the Califor
nia Schuetzen Park Building and Loan
Association, donated by James L. Flood,
was furnished yesterday. Owing to the
funeral of the father of Judge Bahrs, who
was a member of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, the attendance was
limited to about one-third the active
members of the club, but the weather was
propitious and those present made some
excelent scores.
C. J. Walden took the special prize of $5
for the best five shots on the ring target,
scoring 71. 69, 65, 64 and 62. The top scores
of the next six were as follows: A. Ber
telsen, 68; J. F. Robinson, 65; J. L. Utschig
Jr., 65; R. Langer, 59; A. Rahwyler, 56;
Philo Jacoby, 51.
'iiie first bullseyo and first score of
twenty-five was made by Fred Schumann.
R. Langer made the last bullseye of the
forenoon and the first of the afternoon.
The real contest will take place next
Sunday, but the scores made yesterday
will count then. President Jacoby has
arranged a special prize for the press.
Honoring bt. Savva.
The memory of St. Savva, the patron
saint of Servia, was fittingly celebrated
at the Russian Cathedral on Powell
street yesterday morning. A solemn high
mass was said in commemoration of the
great saint who traveled through Servia
and preached the word of God to the
then unchristianized of that land. As is
the custom with the Servian colony in
this city a banquet was given by the Ser
vian society on Saturday evening, at
which all of the leading members of the
society and their wives ana daughters
were present.
—
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______~^
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
■ -IN— ; 7 .
—AND—
Bedspreads.
At $2^ Pair.
500 pairs Extra Quality WHITE AND ECRU LACE CUR-
• TAINS, extra wide and full length, 15 different
designs.
At $^Pair.
400. pairs Fishnet, Guipure, Saxony and French Thread
LACE CURTAINS, 3' 2 and 4 yards long, 30 different
designs.
4 ...
At $1- 7 1 Each.
200 Extra Size White, Satin Finish BEDSPREADS, all
E 1 — and a splendid assortment of new patterns.
At <&2- 00 Each.
350 Extra Quality White and Colored Marseilles BED-
SPREADS (full size), in the very latest patterns and
all hemmed. • ...
SEE DISPLAY OF ABOVE FOUR LINES OF GOODS IN
OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
', 111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
BURGLAR PAID
A VISIT TO
M. H. HECHT
Carries Off Some Val-
uable Jewelry.
THE FAMILY ALL AT DINNER
ENTRANCE EFFECTED THROUGH
AN OPEN WINDOW.
Intruder Left Much That Was Valu
able and Selected His Booty
With an Eye to the
Portable.
A daring burglar broke into the home of
Marcus H. Hecht, 2100 Washington street,
early Saturday evening, and is now richer
to the extent of - handsome Etruscan
gold watch, three valuable rings and J8 in
silver. The estimated value of the haul is
between $400 and $500.
According: to the belief of tho iamily the
burglary was committeed between 7 and 8
o'clock Saturday night. The watch,
which is of special value on account of its
rare novelty and artistic beauty, was in
the possession of Miss Grace Hecht as
late as a quarter, to 7 on the night of the
burglary. A half-hour later her maid dis
covered Its absence, but thinking that it
had been locked vr< by her mistress, made
no mention of this fact at the time. Miss
Hecht left the house at 7, went to the
theater and upon her return it was '*• — i
first discovered that the house had been
burglarized.
The burglar operated while the family
was at dinner, and was evidently stopped
in his work. The watch was missed at
6:45 p. m., but one of the purses, the con
tents of which were appropriated by the
burglar, was not placed within his reach
until a half-hour later. He evidently in
vaded the premises, took the watch, se
creted himself until the family left the
house for the theater, and then finished
his work.
The entrance was effected by means of
an open window on the west side of the
house. The burglar then worked his way
down to the cellar, the doors of which, or
dinarily locked, were found open. From
the rear of the cellar is a staircase which
leads directly to the second floor of the
house, the one In which the sleeping
apartments are located. Miss Grace
Hecht's room was thoroughly explored
by the burglar and it is her property
which was taken. The only other room
visited by the housebreaker was that in
the front of the house on the other side
of Mrs. Hecht's room. It is a singular
thing that the burglar ignored the middle
room, in which some valuable jewelry
was lying about.
No sounds were heard, either by the
family or the servants, during the hours
when the robbery is supposed to have
been committed There were three ser
vants in the bouse during the entire even
ing and no disturbance of any kind was
noticed by them. . _
The silver ornaments and articles of a
similar nature which are fairly strewn
about both the rifled rooms were left in
tact. The police are now working on the
case.
Sold the Cigars He Stole.
Matt Gallagher, a boy 17 years or age,
•was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of burglary. He is accused
of breaking into the store of Marlow &
Stoddard, 5 Glasgow alley, a few nights
ago and stealing $150 worth of cigars
•which he sold in the neighborhood at a
reduced price.
(SOLD BERr
BQWEN
SCO.
On cigars we figure closer than
do exclusive dealers— can af-
ford — you get better cigars
here for the same money — that
Interests you
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Kona (Hawaiian) 22 %Z
regularly 27 \c lb roast or ground
Kona coffee has sprung into popular
favor quickly— it has more to recora*
mend it than novelty ■ . / qr\
.— [ Mandarin Nectar 1 rerMr
I ea^ Basket Fired Japan >• 6oc (TOO
[ Phosnlx Chop Oolong: ) pound J
The delicate flavor of fine tea Is easily
\ lost in the brewing— of course if it
isn't in the tea it can't be lost
Canned fruits-mtiethw , tins2£C
peaches pears apricots— for dessert
Enough for one or two — to waste
— Satin Scouring riCC
regularly 50c dozen cakes
For scouring and polishing: tin eoppcr ttras*
knives forks kettles stoves marblt chin* ilna
steel glass and woodenwar*
Dates— black I2#C
regularly 15c ib
Millions of Arabians eat little else than
dates— they're a healthy people
FigS— imported 2OC
regularly 25c-and 30c Ib
Figs were very scarce last year
that made the prices high -
Matches— gross 60C
dozen boxes 5c — Jonkoping Swedish
Where there are children safety mat-
ches only should be used— some small
ones for pocket use also
ShrimpS-big tins 20c little tins lOC
packed with cloth inside that the
shrimps may not touch the tin
Malt Whiskey— WmPenn 7rrc
reg'ly $1 bottle \ ' >
malt whiskey has long been recom-
mended as an excellent medicine
Boullion capsules 2Cc
. reg'ly 30c box of 10— beef tea.
" vegetable flavor— Anker's
Toilet Water— lavender and eau.de
Cologne— reg'ly 90c bottle 7re
Crown Perfumery Co of London
\ Pine apple -whole 20c
regularly 25c 3-lb tin
We import it from East India
Port and sherry 3 bot $2
reg'ly $i imported
Surely a low price for good imported
wines
If you want to be sure of getting just
what you order— send your mail orders
here
.. February catalogue out on the first-
send postal if you want it
4}2 Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San Fr»ncisc»
1075 Clay between Eleventh end Twelfth Oakland
lliisll;i|fii