VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 89.
FIGHT OF INSURGENTS
ABOUT MANILA
WITH FIRE AND BULLETS
Special cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
MAJOR GENERAL LAWTON.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.—The War Department has received the follow
ing telegram from General Lawton, now on his way aboard the transport"
Grant with reinforcements for General Otis:
"COLOMBO. Feb. 25. —Situation unchanged since last cable. No serious'
illness; sick improving. Sail to-night for Singapore."'
<
MANILA, Feb. 26.— An
idea of the extent of
the loss by fires in the sub
urbs of Manila since Wed
nesday may be obtained
from the figures herewith
given: Sixty buildings of
stone and 150 substan
tial wooden structures with
iron roofs were destroy
ed. In addition 8000 nifa
houses of natives were
burned.
MANILA, Feb. 26.— Last night the i
rebels concentrated in such numbers j
near the Chinese cemetery that General
Mac Arthur anticipated, an attack and
asked for reinforcements. Two compa
nies of the Twenty-third regulars were
cent to Caloocan and a battalion of the j
Twentieth regulars to the cemetery at
about i- :dnight. But the expected at- j
tack was not made. The rebels, after,!
imaking a great noise with bugle calls
and yells of "Viva independencia" and
"Macho malo Americanos," and firing
volleys, disappeared in the woods.
It is believed their leaders are getting
desp ate and are attempting to force j
the I'nited State- troops to make an
attack, in the hope of breaking through j
the American lines, but the rebels are j
evidently unwilling to be pacified when i
facing the Americans. It is just possi- i
ble, however, '." it they may be goaded j
into such a move before more reinforce-
ments arrive.
All is quiet this afternoon inside and
outside of Manila, except near Caloo
can, where the enemy's sharpshooters
continue to annoy our troops at a com
paratively close range. One man of the
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers was
killed in Arequina village, which was
burned last night, and four were
. ■wounded in the skirmish, one of the
Idaho, one of the Minnesota and two of
the Pennsylvania volunteer regiments.
No such emergency exists here as is
presented by reports circulated in the
United States— and cabled back to
Manila — to the effect that Admiral
Dewey has had a collision of a forcible
FOREIGN WARSHIPS
TO LAND FORCES
I Serious Reports of the Situation at *
I Manila Come via Madrid, j
§ MADRID, Feb. 26.— An official dispatch from Manila says: The situ- |
ation here is very serious. The foreign warships are disembarking |
•£§ troops. General Rlos will leave Manila and go to Zamboanga, island 0f,, 8
S Mindanao. V y\,'> ? . • - ''>'%"• :: .< : '••• ■ .'-"'■'-^V^ I . „, ,' V., £
' § - The Government has received a long dispatch from General Rios at 5
§ Manila, but refuses to impart Its contents. , *v .Sl 2
« El Imparcial, which asserts that it is in a position to know the truth <
* ? of the situation at Manila, says: There is constant fighting between the \
"§ Americans and the Tagallos.. The courage and stubbornness of the latter c
A have caused ereat anxiety to the Americans, who do not conceal their 5
8 belief that the war will be a long and desperate one. There the great- J
test alarm among foreigners in Manila and the commanders. of the for- $
§ elgn warships have decided to land forces to protect their subjects. j
S 88 O 88 S BKB»3KOBfI3SDB2 «SC8K«8O88«8JO88OSO88388«8O8SOi
The San Francisco Call.
TROOPS WOUNDED
HEAR CALOOCAN
♦ WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.— Ma- 4
-- jor General Otis has reported to 4
-- the War Department the follow- 4
4- ing additional casualties to 4
-- troops under his command: 4
♦ MANILA, Feb. 26.— Additional 4
-4 woundeu February 24 and 25 in 4
-4 the trenches near Caloocan: 4
♦ SECOND OREGON. >
4- Company G — Corporal William 4
4- Ponath, chest, severe. 4
-- THIRD ARTILLERY. 4
4 Battery H— Privates John W. ♦
4 Corder, thigh, slight; Battery X, 4
-4 Michael J. Crowley, leg-, slight. 4
-4 FIRST IDAHO. 4
-4 Company F— Privates Charles 4
4 S. Lamb, thigh, severe; John An- 4
4- derson, injured, fractured ankle. 4
-4 TWENTIETH KANSAS. 4
4- Privates Larry Jones, serious; 4
-4 Campbell Scott, severe. 4
4 FIRST MONTANA. 4
-- Company A — Privates Francis 4
-- J. Anspach arm, severe; Albert 4
-4 S. Hickee, lung, severe. 4
4- . 4
-4-444-44 4. 444444444-4
--character with the German naval com
mander. • . - -
am expedition is
dis;atcheu to cebu
Special .Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1839. by James Gordon
Bennett.
MANILA, Feb. 26.— A battalion of the
Twentjr-thlrd Infantry has sailed on the
transport Pennsylvania far the Island
of Cebu, over which the American Hag
was raised by the commander of the
Petrel. Major Goodall is in command
of the. expedition, with Lieutenant
Goodall as adjutant and Lieutenant
M< Nab as quartermaster. The battal
ion includes CompanyA, commanded by
Captain Pendleton; Company X, com
manded by Lieutenant Moore; Com
pany J, commanded by Lieutenant
Schley, and Company M, commanded
by Lieutenant Stretzinger.
According to the advices brought this
morning by the steamship Nuestra
Senora del Carmen, whose arrival
Contlnued on Second Pa*?e.
SAX FRAKCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1899.
WHAT THIS WAR CONGRESS
HAS SO FAR ACCOMPLISHED
It Has Covered a Most Eventful Period In the Country's
History, but Much Needed Legislation Remains
to Be Acted Upon.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26. —An
eventful period in the coun
try's history is covered by the
work of the Fifty-fifth Con-
gress, which is drawing to a
close. It has been a period of stirring
and dramatic action, with questio-ns of
vast magnitude constantly engaging at
tention, forming an epoch alongside
those other American epochs, the
Revolution and the Civil War. This
Congress has declared war against a
foreign foe, and the treaty-making
branch has participated in ratifying
the treaty by which that war was ter
minated. It has provided a great vol
unteer army, has enlarged the regular
army and has expanded the navy to
meet war emergencies and new condi
tions.
The tariff has been revised, first by
the Dingley law and then by the war
revenue act; a bond issue known as
the war loan has been provided. But,
far reaching as these war measures are,
the Congress has had time also to enact
other legislation which under ordinary
circumstances would make its session
memorable. This includes the annexa
tion af Hawaii; the rejection by the
Senate of the general treaty of arbi
tration with Great Britain; the enact
ment of a national bankruptcy law;
provision for taking the twelfth cen
sus; reorganization of the personnel
of the navy. To this list may yet be
added other important subjects still
pending, including the Nicaragua canal,
the increase of the regular army, the
anti-scalping measure, the Hawaiian
bill and the proposed encouragement of
American shipping. Some of the most
important general measures are in the
final legislative stages and it will not
be until the last hours arrive that the
success or failure of these measures will
be determined definitely.
The present Congress began its work
almost simultaneously with the open
ing of President McKinley's adminis
tration. Two days after his inaugura
tion he issued the call for an extra ses
sion, and in pursuance of this call Con
gress assembled on March 1 ">. 1897. The
special message to CongTess was direct
ed to the need of a tariff law that
would provide ample revenue for the
support of the Government. No other
subject of legislation was mentioned,
and the tariff bill at once became the
all-absorbing feature of the session.
Chairman Dingley of the Ways and
Means Committee and his Republican
associates had already done much work
on the bill, and three days after the ex
tra session began the Dingley tariff bill
was reported. It passed the House
within two weeks of the opening of the
session; passed the Senate May 7; be
came a law July 24. Hardly less im
portant was the consideration in the
Senate of the general treaty of arbitra
tion negotiated by President Cleveland
with Great Britain. The progress of the
treaty in the executive sessions of the
Senate attracted world-wide attention,
finally resulting in the defeat of the
instrument. The extra session also
brought forth four appropriation bills,
but they were those which failed of
passage "in the preceding Congress, and
were not considered as properly charge
able to this Congress. Some general
legislation was enacted. including:
the suspension of President Cleve
land's order setting aside 21.
--000,000 acres of forest reserves:
providing for a gradual abandonment
of sectarian Indian schools; extend
ing relief to Mississippi flood sufferers
and to the destitute in Cuba and in
India. The Cuban problem began to
present an acute phase at this early
session and the Senate passed a reso
lution recognizing the Cubans as bel
ligerents, which, however, did not pass
the House.
The second session of the present
Congress is remembered as the great
war session. It saw the culmination
of the pent-up sympathy for suffering
Cuba; the declaration that the people
of Cuba ought to be and are free and
independent; the declaration of war
against Spain, and the enactment of
those vast emergency measures for
prosecuting the war. There were many
messages from the President as the
war clouds darkened, ranging from th*
submission of the report on the Maine
disaster to the call for a declaration
of war. The first real war legislation
was when Congress placed at the
disposal of the President. with
out limitation, $50,000,000 as an
emergency fund for national de
fense. On April 11 the President
committed the entire Cuban question to
Congress, and just one week later the
Congressional resolution became a law,
declaring Cuba free and independent,
demanding that Spain withdraw its
land and naval forces from Cuba and
Cuban waters and directing the use of
WHOLESALE MURDER
PLANNED AT MANILA
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Feb. 26.— Great encouragement to persist In war is given to the Philippine insurgents because
of the known existence in America of an anti-annexationiat party, and. a letter from an Insurgent official in
Manila to his chief at Malolos found on a dead man emphasized the great influence of these anti-annexation-
Ists. It was represented that they meditated the assassination of McKinley. In view of these facts the letter
urged the prosecution of a guerrilla war by the Filipinos.
The terrible crisis through %\hich the city has passed and the admirable work of the provost marshal, Gen
eral Hughes, is shown by the order of the insurrectionist Government at Malolos to the officers of militia of bola
men in Manila. This order is now in the hands of the authorities here. The document says substantially that
on February 15 the territorial militia were to be on the streets of Manila armed for action with bolas, revolvers
and rifles; that Filipino families only were to be respected and th^se were not to be molested, but all other in
dividuals of whatsoever race were to be killed wfthout pity. After the extermination of the American forces,
the order further says, an attack from outsiders was to* be the signal for an uprising in various quarters of Ma
nila.
The order ends by saying that the war on Americans should be without quarter because Americans have
betrayed them. It is signed by Sandego, Minister of the Interior. It orders the murder of the whole foreign
population of Manila. Such is Aguinaldo's government.
our land and naval forces to enforce the
resolutions. Within another week, viz.,
April 24, the declaration of war was
passed by Congress and approved. Then
came the rush of war legislation on a
stupendous scale, the work proceeding
while actual hostilities were under way
and the Dewey victory was achieved.
The act creating the volunteer army
had been approved three days before
the declaration of war, and under it
the President was enabled to call into
service the 250,000 men augmenting the
regular forces. The latter, also, had
been expanded and improved by the
act establishing the three battalion
formation in time of war. A further
force was provided by authorizing the
enlistment of 10,000 men adapted to
tropical climate, since known as "im
munes." Another act added two addi
tional artillery regiments to the regu
lar army, with a total of 1610 men.
These and many lesser army measures
were speedily enacted.
With these war measures were the
important acts for raising revenue ade
quate to meet the vast war expendi
tures. The first of these was the war
revenue act, designed to raise $150,000.
--000, and in this connection Congress au
thorized a bond issue of $200,000,000,
known as the "war loan." After news
of the Dewey victory was received,
resolutions of thanks to the victor were
passed, and Congress authorized the
presentation of a sword to him and
medals to his officers.
Although the second session was ab
sorbed with the war, there was time
for much important general legislation.
The annexation of Hawaii was accom
plished by a resolution, the treaty of
annexation not having been ratified in
the Senate. A general bankruptcy law
was enacted, providing for both volun
tary and involuntary bankruptcy.
Other general measures enacted were:
Prohibiting the killing of seals in the
North Pacific and importation of seal
skins Into this country; appropriating
$473,171 to settle the Bering Sea arbi
tration; relieving suffering miners in
the Yukpn; establishment of an indus
trial commission.
The total appropriation of the sec
ond or war session footed almost $900,
--000.000, of which upward of $350,000,000
was for purely war purposes.
The present or third session of the
Fifty-fifth Congress dealt with those
far-reaching results growing out of the
war. The most important of these was
the consideration of the peace treaty in
the Senate. The treaty was transmit
ted to the Senate by the President on
the 4th of January. It was then re
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Re
lations, and after being held for just a
week by the committee was reported
back to the Senate on the 11th of Janu
ary. The Senate had the treaty under
consideration for less than a month,
the vote on ratification being taken on
the 6th of February. There was intense
interest in the progress of the question
from the beginning of the discussion
until the close, and this interest was
intensified by the doubt felt as to the
result of the vote. When the Senate
went into executive session on the 6th
of February, half an hour before the
time set for the final vote, the friends
of the treaty were certain of only fifty
five of the fifty-six votes necessary to
insure the adoption of the resolution
of ratification. Soon afterward they
secured promises from Senators Jones
of Nevada and McEnery of Louisiana,
and when the vote was taken the result
stood 57 ayes to 27 noes, or one vote
more than was necessary under the re
quirements of a two-thirds majority.
While the treaty w r as exclusively be
fore the Senate the House had some in
direct participation with subjects cov
ered by the treaty. As the branch
originating all revenue measures it pro
vided an appropriation of $20,000,000 to
pay Spain, according to the terms of
the treaty. This was first proposed as
an amendment to the sundry civil bill,
but was ruled out on technical grounds.
Later It passed as an independent
measure. Efforts were made to add to
it a declaration of the policy of the
Government as to the Philippines, but
this was defeated by the overwhelming
vote of 213 to 34. The resolution of
Senator McEnery, declaring the policy
toward the Philippines, came to the
House and was referred to the Commit
tee on Foreign Affairs, but no final ac
tion is probable.
Another Important measure resulting
from the war is that known as
the Hull bill, or the Hull-Hawley
bill, for the Increase and reorganization
of the regular army. Following the
new conditions arising; two plans of
army increase were presented to Con
gress. The House Military Committee
first .took up tl. s subject, and after elab
orate hearings presented through Chair
man Hull a bill having the approval of
the War Department. It increased the
army to approximately 100.000 men.
When considered in the House the
grade of lieutenant general was
struck out. discretion was given
the President to reduce the size of com
panies so that the total force would
be about 60,000 men. and some other
amendments were made, but the bill
substantially as presented was passed.
In the Senate the Committee on Mili
tary Affairs divided equally on the bill.
General Hawley, the chairman, and four
others reporting a bill similar. to that
presented in the House, while five other
Senators made a minority report, op
posing the proposed increase and sug
gesting a plan of temporary continu
ance of the military establishment at
62,000 men, with an additional force of
35,000 men to be used in outlying in
sular possessions. The latest. phase of
the subject is presented in a compro
mise presented by the party leaders in
the Senate after conferring with the
executive authorities. The compromise
proposes only a slight permanent in
crease in the regular army, as given by
detail, and authorize* the President, un
til July 1, 1899, to maintain the army
at 65,000 men, and to raise a force of
not more than 35.000 volunteer infantry
organized as thirty regiments. This
plan is now pending before the Senate.
These several propositions have aroused
wide differences, and it will not be until
the last days of the session, if at all,
that the final form of the measure can
be determined.
The Nicaragua canal question also
has' taken a prominent place in the
work of this session. At the outset
Morgan had the subject made the un
finished business of the Senate, and
with this right of way it was kept con
stantly before the Senate, when not in
executive session, until finally passed.
The essential feature of the Morgan
bill provides that the United States
shall participate in the construction of
the canal, subscribing for 925.000 shares
at $100 each, out of a total of 1.000.000.
and that the work of the Maritime
Canal Company of Nicaragua, in exe
cuting the work, . shall be practically
under the direction of, the United
States: When this- bill • reached the
House Committee on Commerce all after
the enacting clause Nicaragua, out and
the work, shall be practically
the direction of the United
, When this bill reached the
Committee on Commerce all after
acting clause was struck out and
what is known as the Hepburn p]an,
drafted by Representative Hepburn of
lowa, chairman of the House Commit
tee on Interstate and Foreign Com
merce, substituted. The essential feat
ure of the Hepburn substitute is mak
ing the canal exclusively a Govern
ment undertaking. It authorizes the
President to acquire by purchase from
Nicaragua and Costa Rica, the terri
tory necessary, "to excavate and con
struct, control and defend, a canal."
etc. Such sum as is necessary for pur
chasing the right of way is appropri
ated. . When the route is thus secured
the President is authorized to have. the
Secretary of War excavate and con
struct the canal from a point near
Greytown, via. Lake Nicaragua, to a
point, near Brito, on the Pacific. The
sum of $115,000,000 is appropriated for
the completion of the work authorized.
As it was feared the lateness of the
session might prevent consideration of
either, the Morgan bill or the Hepburn
plan in the House various plans were
adopted to secure action by way of one
of the general appropriation bills. The
first movement of this kind was when
Hepburn offered his plan as an amend
ment to the sundry civil bill. After
animated discussion the amendment
was ruled out of order, and on an ap
peal from this decision the chairman,
Hopkins, was sustained. The next
move wag made in the Senate, when,
at the instance of Morgan, the Commit
tee on Commerce presented an amended
form of the Hepburn plan as an amend
ment to the' river and harbor bill. The
canal amendment reported from the
Senate Commerce Committee as an
amendment to the river and harbor bill
was agreed to by the Senate and the
bill passed. It is now before the House
Committee on . Rivers and Harbors,
with the outcome in doubt on the canal
item and the bill as a whole. - •
The bill providing for taking the
twelfth census was first passed by the
Senate and provided a comprehensive
plan for executing this important work.
When the measure reached the House
a substitute was presented. The House
measure differs from that of the Sen
ate mainly in making the census bu
reau an irdependent organization not
Under Che Interior Department and in
the method of appointments.
An important measure which has
passed both houses and doubtless will
become a law is known as the "naval
personnel" bill, and is entitled a bill
to reorganize and increase the effi
ciency of the personnel of the navy, and
the marine corps. Its main features
were drawn up by a board of emi
nent naval officers and were designed
to overcome the stagnation in some of
the grades, to expand the personnel to
keep pace with the up- building of the
new navy and to reorganize the marine
corps. It passed the House and the
Senate in amended form and is pass
ing through the final stages of confer
ence.
The Hawaiian bill was presented to
both branches of Congress, having been
framed by the Hawaiian commission
appointed by the President, with a
view to carrying out the Congressional
resolution annexing Hawaii. It pro
Continued on Third Page.
FRANCE HOT
ON THE TRAIL
OF ROYALISTS
Dupuy's Cabinet May Dis
solve the League of
Patriots.
Deroulede Anxious for a Heavy
Sentence That Will Crown Him
With a Martyr's Halo.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 26.— There is
only one man in France who
takes Paul Deroulede's escape
tragically, and that is Deroulede
himself. He is anxious for a
sensational trial with a heavy
sentence that will crown him with
a martyr's halo for his followers.
He accordingly is doing all he can
to exaggerate his offense by de
claring verbally to officials his de
sign to overturn the republic and
writing letters to the same effect.
Nobody else, however, looks
upon him as anything but a lu
natic. As a journalist here said
to-day the worst punishment that
could be given Deroulede would
be to sentence him to be confined
as non compos mentis, and one
is compelled to admit that this
would be making the punishment
fit the crime.
There seems some probability
that the Ligue dcs Patriotes may
be dissolved. Yesterday in parlia
mentary circles it was held that
action in this direction was. about
to be taken by the Dupuy Cabi
net. How much truth there is
in the rumor it is hard to say, but
it would not be astonishing if all
leagues were dissolved by order,
as after all they are only royalist
or imperialist camps in disguise.
FRENCH DETECTIVES
SHADOW ROYALISTS
Special Table to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett.
BRUSSELS. Feb. 26.— The Due d'Or
leans, who came to Brussels six days
ago to watch events in Paris, last even
ing took the train to Turin, confessing
that he had no chance against the re
public. He allowed an interview, in
which he asserted that M. Deroulede
had not acted on the Royalist account,
but on the contrary had blundered ter
ribly and destroyed Royalist chances.
During the whole of the Duke's stay
in Brussels, where he led a quiet, un
eventful life, he has been watched and
followed, step by step, by French de
tectives, some in disguise, some riding
bicycles and some on foot. One suc
ceeded in passing himself off as a Paris
ian monarchical journalist and inter
viewed the Duke, who confided his
hopes to him.
Prince Victor Napoleon Is considered
here a much more serious pretender,
because less impatient, more dignified
and absolutely silent. He also is
watched by French detectives. They
learned that he often drives an au
tomobile and sometimes even ven
tures a few miles into French terri
tory. So they got an automobile from
Paris to follow him in case of need.
One notable feature of the stay of
the Due d'Orleans is that although he
went to the royal palace of the Count
of Flanders he was neither received by
the King nor the King's brother. He
only received a visit from the Duke of
Vendome. It is believed that the King
discreetly advised him through the lat
ter to prolong his stay in Belgium as
little as possible.
TURIN. Feb. 26.— The Due d'Orleans
arrived here this evening from Brussels.
RAIDS ON ROYALISTS
BY THE SECRET POLICE
PARIS, Feb. 26. — In consequence of
the placarding throughout the city of
speeches of the Due d'Orleans, the Or
leanist pretender, recently delivered at
San Remo. and the seizure of scarf Dins
and medals bearing the pretender's
portrait, the Prefect of Police was or
dered by the Government to make
strict investigation into the recent pro
ceedings of the Monarchist party.
Last evening the Prefect communi
cated the result of his inquiries to M.
Dupuy, with the result that the Min
ister decided upon vigorous action. At
midnight M. Cochefort, chief of the
secret police, was summoned to the
Prefecture and directed to prepare sev
enteen confidential letters and seven
teen warrants, which were handed to
seventeen police commissaries author
izing a search of the residences of sus
pects, particularly M. Guerin. manager
of the newspaper Anti-Juif, MM.
Depaux Buffet, Robert de Chavilly,
Thiebaud de Moncourt, secretary to the
Due d'Orleans; Dubuc, president of the
•Young Anti-Semites, and Comte Sab
ran Ponteves.
The confidential letters Indicated that
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the warrants aimed to discover the ex«
istence of any political action on the
part of anti-Semite leaders in their re
lations with the Royalists and Bona
partislsts 1 committees with the other
leagues.
No other incident occurred in the
course of the domiciliary visits. This
morning M. Buffet, who represents the
Due d'Orleans, vigorously protested
against the violation of his domicile,
and declared that the Royalist party
would always conspire, even if threat
ened with imprisonment. Many docu
ments were seized at M. Buffet's resi
dence.
Quantities of propagandist pamphlets
and portraits of the Due d'Orleans, a
list of members of the Royalist com
mittee and voluminous correspondence
were seized at the headquarters of the
Royalist committee in the Fauborg St.
Honore and at the residence of Comte
Sabran de Ponteves. The commissary
who visited M. de Moncourt surprised
him just as he had returned from Brus
sels with letters from the Due d'Or
leans addressed to Royalist personages
and instructions from the pretender to
his supporters. All these were seized.
M. Thiebaud expressed surprise at
the proceedings against, him, on the
ground that he belonged neither to the
Royalist committee nor the Anti-Semit
ic league.
Altogether a large quantity of docu
ments were secured and placed under
seal. All whose residences were
searched denied the possession of com
promising documents, but it is be
lieved the raids will be continued.
In consequence of an announcement
that demonstrations were Intended to
be made at the Vendome column, thirty
agents of the police were posted in the
vicinity to-day. About 3 o'clock this
afcernoon people began to arrive with
bouquets of violets. Five who threw
flowerß within the railing surrounding:
tne column were promptly placed under
arrest, though released soon after # on
giving their names and addresses to
the police. Henceforth demonstrators
will be allowed to promenade with em
blems, but not to approach the column.
WORE HIS HAT IN
THE KING'S PRESENCE
Swedish Minister of War Arrested
for a Curious Of
fense.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
COPPENHAGEN, Feb. 26.— General
Rappe, Swedish Minister of War. was re-<
rently placed under arrest by the King
for a very curious offense.
A few days ago people passing tha
; Royal Palace in Stockholm at the hour
: when the Ministry assembled for counsel
I were astonished to behold the Minister of
War in uniform surmounted by a shin
! ing topper instead of a cocked hat with
I feathers. Unsuspecting his grotesque ap
i pearance. the general walked into the Pal-
I ace council room, his top hat still on his
' head. A roar of laughter in which the
; King joined greeted his entrance. Not
withstanding the royal smiles General
Rappe was ordered under arrest for three
i days.
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE
TO ORIENTAL POINTS
Great Northern Company Will Put
in a System of Modern
Vessels.
TACOMA. Feb. 26.— President Hill of the
Great Northern Railway ig reported to
have hired A. B. Wolvln of Duluth at
$40,000 a year to organize a new line of
steamships to ply between Puget Sound
and the Orient in connection with tha
Great Northern. Hill is not satisfied with
his road's present connection with Nip
pon Yusen Kaisha, and. is ambitious to
establish a line of modern American
steamships. Wolvln is expected to build
or lease boats as rapidly as possible. Ha
is one of the most expert lake traffic men,
being president of the Zenith Transit
Company, operating seven steamships on
the Great Lakes, and connected with
other lake transportation companies.
THREATENS TO KILL
MILLIONAIRE MOFFAT
William "Wayne Belvin Occupies a
Cell in a New York
Prison.
-<EW YORK, Feb. 26.— "W Imam Wayna
Belvin was arrested in the Waldorf-As
toria late last night, charged with having
threatened the life of the Denver million
aire, David 11. Moffat, and also with hav
ing tried to defraud the hotel out of $423.
He was held in $500 bail in a police
court to-day. He was returned to prison
in default of bail. Belvin is a well-known,
figure about the Broadway hotels. He is
always well dressed and describes himself
as a promoter. He asserts that Million
aire Moffat owes him $400,000, and it was
because of Moffat's refusal to pay him
this sum that Belvin threatened to kill
him on sight.
ADAMS INQUEST IS
NEARING A CLOSE
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— 1f the inquest
into the death of Mrs. Kate Adams is not
completed by Tuesday night, Coroner
Bausch win demand that further hearing
be adjourned until he can dispose of some
outstanding cases. Coroner Hart said to
day Assistant District Attorney Osborn©
told him he expected to finish the Adams
case before the end of the ensuing week.
Cornish is to have another session on the
stand, several members and employes of
the Knickerbocker Athletic Club are to be
called and then the police of the detective
bureau and the handwriting experts will
tell what they know and what they sus
pect.2
BURNS REFUSES
TO YIELD TO HIS
PARTY'S DEMANDS
"Rule or Ruin" Is the Motto Adopted
by the Mexican.
A BREAK LOOKED FOR THIS WEEK
Growing Belief That He Will Not Be Able to
Keep Some of His Followers in Line
More Than a Few Days Longer.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 26.— "Rule or ruin" is the
motto of Dan Burns. He proposes to be
•1 I'nited States Senator, or, failing
in that, to prevent the election of any
body else.-
Should he In bringing about his
election the Republican party in the State
:':ifornia would be dealt a blow from
which it would not recover for many
years. Should he succeed in making a
deadlock the Injury would be great, but
not beyond remedy. The result in- Ore
gon, where the Republicans chose to
leave the State without one of its Sena
tors for two years, rather than to elect
an unworthy one for six years, shows
that the people approve of such a policy.
Aa it was there, so it will be here. ■If
Burns makes a deadlock the blame -will
be his. Should he fee elected the blame
■will be on the party.
Fortunately, from the present outlook,
there is no reason to fear either result.
Xow thai the closing days of the session
are at hand and there is still no prospect
of a realization of the many promises
that Burns has heralded from week to
week, through the medium of his army
of touts, even his own followers have
awakened to the knowledge that his
cause is hopeless and that the State is to
be saved from the misfortune of his elec
tion.
Not only this, but it Is equally apparent
that he wiil be unable to prevent the elec
tion of some more acceptable candidate.
There has not been a week since the be
ginning of the session that the Burns
lieutenants have not announced that on
Borne particular day of the following- week
Burns would marshal his reserve forces
and receive his election at the hands of a
majority of the members of the Legisla
ture. On the strength of these promises
Burns' followers have celebrated ap
proaching victory on occasions too nu
merous to mention. They -are now look
ing back on this long vista of glorifica
tions with anything but kindly feelings,
and it is safe to say that it will take
something more substantial than promises
to induce the colonel's friends to repeat in
the future the follies of the past.
To-night the Legislature and politicians
who gather jn the hotel corridors are
telling each other that there is "some
thing doing" and that the present week
will be big with events.
What the "sotriething" is, none of them
can say, but the .belief is prevalent that
whatever happens will make itself ap
parent in the Burns' camp, and that it
will not be to Burns' advantage. Some Of
the San Francisco members, who haVe
been voting for Burns, have been mur
muring more or le.«s openly for a week or
more against the situation in which they
find themselves. These men say they
have no objection in voting for Burns as
long as they believe the power that is
behind him can force him into the Sena
torship in spite of all obstacles, but they
rebel against being crucified when there
Is no chance of being able to reap an
adequate reward. They' say that almost
two month have elapsed since the Legis
lature was convened and Burns has fail
ed to show any of the strength of which
he boasted. Their present uneasiness is
caused by a growing conviction that
Burns intends to hold their votes to the
end that he may succeed in carrying out
his threat that if he cannot be elected
he will block the election of any other
candidate.
It was -iven out around town to-night
that Assemhlym.in McDonald of Alamedu
will change his vote from Grant to Burns
to-morrow. Some color was given the .sto
ry by a general knowledge of the fact that
for some time past strong pressure has
been brought to bear on the Assemblyman
to induce him to enter the Burns camp.
Friends of Mr. Grant, however, insist that
GENERAL REYNOLDS
YIELDS TO DEATH
Passing of a Warrior Who Performed
Valiant Service in the
Sixties.
WASHINGTON.' Feb. 28.— Major Gen
eral Charles J. Reynold?. U. S. A., retired,
Is dead, aged 77 years. A month ago Gen
eral Reynolds had -an attack of paralysis,
which culminated In a cerebral hemor
rhage, causing death- late yesterday.
After the beginning of the civil war
Reynolds rose rapidly in rank from cold-
Tif\ of the Tenth Indiana Volunteers to
major general of volunteers. During the
time he was in command at Camp Mor
ton, Indianapolis, and the Cheat Moun
tain District. W. Va. In Tennessee he
was engaged in thf actions at Hovers
dap and Chickamaus.i and the battle of
Chatanooga. Later he commanded the
division of New Orleans, was in com
mand of the Nineteenth Army Corps and
aFHi^t^d in organizing forces for the cap
ture of Mobile and for Games and Mor
gan. Mobile Harbor.
General Reynolds was later in command
of the Mississippi River from its mouth
to Memphis. He was mustered- out of
the volunteer service in 1566 and reap
pointed colonel in the regular army in the
same year. He was brevetted brigadier
penaraJ in I^7 for gallant service at the
battle of f'hick.-imauga and was in the
Fame year brevetted major general for
similar services at the battle at Macon.
Will Not Name Roosevelt.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2>5.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs: Tt
Is absolutely untrue that the President
has any idea .of appointing Governor
Roosevelt Secretary of War, or that the
colonel of the Rough Riders has any in
tention of accepting such an appointment
if it were offered to him.
Mrs. Logan. Seriously 111.
CHICAGO, Feb. 27.— The Times-Herald's
Washington special says: Mrs. John A.
J,ogan ip seriously ill at her home in this
city. She is suffering from an attack of
la grippe. She has been unable to leave
Pears'
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it — noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
perfection.
! there is no truth in the story and that
McDonald will vote for Grant to-morrow
!as he has in the past. They say the As
! semblyman is well aware of the wishes of
! the peonle of his district, and that he has
I no intention of following the example or
ex-Speaker Wright.
In the absence of definite information
concerning the future programme of
I Burns, there are whispered conjectures
, to-night regarding the course he will pur
i sue to maintain a show of leadership in
i the party. One of the most prominent
workers in Grant's camp, and a man \vn.i
keeps as well posted as to what is going
on in the Burns corral as any outsider
can, says there is not the slightest doubt,
of Burns' defeat. In summing up the sit
uation ho remarked: .
"I never did believe that Burns could
I ever get the forty-three votes that he
claimed, even counting the Democrats,
who were reported to be for him. Early
in the session I wagered money that he
would not get more than thirty-two votes
without a caucus. Burns now recog
nizes that he is a loser, and I have reason
to believe that his next move will be to
bring out a new man. It is reasonable to
suppose that falling to win the fight for
himself he will seek to name the Senator
and be in a position to say to his friends:
'Owing to the extreme bitterness of the
war waged against me. I could not har
monize the elements and win out myself,
but I named the Senator.'
"I have an idea that Burns will seek to
bring Estee forward and endeavor to
bring Democrats to his support. Perhaps
Burns himself may not care whether the
deadlock is broken if he (Burns) cannot
win, but the railroad people may not care
to take the bla.me of adjourning the Legis
lature without the election of a Senator.
The man in reserve may not be Estee, but
I have good reason for the belief that
Burns will present a candidate before
many days." .
There is gloom in the corral to-night.
The touts are not claiming success and
naming the day of triumph, but they do
expect some gains this week, and their
claims in this regard are not disputed by
men who keep well posted. It is regard
ed as reasonably certain that one of
Bulla's supporters will enter the corral,
but he may be holding back to go in with
a bunch of three or four.
The Grant camp does not disintegrate
as the touts expected. In the efforts to
capture. Grant men Burns has encountered
obstacles that he never supposed would
confront him. Word comes to-night that
the Grant forces are not only firm, but
confident.
STOCKTON ASYLUM
WILL GET ITS FARM
CAL"L HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 26.— The Ways and Means
Committee of the Assembly - will report
favorably upon the $30,000 appropriation
the directors of the Stockton Asylum
want for the purchase of a farm four
miles from the city of Stockton.
Twenty members of the Assembly and
Senate committees went to Stockton yes
terday and remained over night at the
asylum, where they were royally enter
tained by Dr. Wade, Dr. Young and
others of the directors. They were taiten
through the institution an,d grounds, and
to-day were driven to the "farm the pur
chase of which is being negotiated. A
dance was tendered the party at the asy
lum last evening, in which the inmates of
the asylum participated. The only oc
currence to mar the pleasure of the trip
was the sudden and serious illness of As
semblyman Crowly. who was stricken
la.st evening and brought back to this
city on the, first train this morning under
the care of nurses from tb<" institution.
Mrs. F. E. Ott, who accompanied tne
committee in the rapacity of secretary,
gathered a grist of valuable statistics
which will become part of the commit
tee's report when it is sent in. All the
bills carrying appropriations for improve
ments at the hospital will be favorably
recommended.
her room for more than a week, and this
causes much alarm.
No Coursing at Newark.
NEWARK, Feb. 26. — Coursing at
Newark Park Is at an end. The revenue
man has decided that no liquor can be
Hold on the grounds without a license and
the managers cannot make the park pay
without a saloon, so the park has been
closed.
No Lives Were Lost.
MUNCIE, Ind., Feb. 26.— Nobody was
Injured in the fire in a two-story tenement
house near the factory districts in this
city that occurred this morning at 2:30
o'clock. It was first reported that -twelve
people had been burned.
One New Smallpox Case.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 26.— One new case
of smallpox was found in this city to-day
and in a district not known or thought to
be infected. The victim is a woman re
siding at 1229 Easton street. There are
several suspected cases being closely
watched.
Sunday Baseball Games.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 26.— The Sacra
mento Gilt Edges defeated the Athletics
of Ran Francsco to-day, the score being
? to 3.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 26.— T0-day thp Santa
f'lara College first team defeated the Im
perialists of San Francisco by a score of
18 to 5.
Austrian Statesman Dead.
VIENNA, Feb. 26.— Count Jean Bernard
Rocheburg-Rothenlowen, the distin
guished Austrian statesman, formerly Min
ister of Foreign Affairs and the incum
bent of other important administrative
posts under Emperor Francis Joseph, died
to-day in his ninety-third year.
Epidemic of Meningitis.
FORT WORTH. Tex., Feb. 26.— Texas is
passing through an alarming epidemic of
meningitis. Thirty deaths from the dis
ease have occurred in this city in the past
week, and reports from the country towns
givey a similar situation. Many schools
nave been closed on account of the ravages
of the disease.
9x7 and Bx6 Eggs In Georgia.
Last Monday Judge G. W. Smith of
the Four Hundred and First District
attended Ordinary's Court here, and
presented us with two of the largest
hen eggs we ever saw, the largest one
measuring 9 inches, and 7 inches
Rround, while the other one went down
the tapecord to the tune of Bx6. This
monster hen fruit was from the poultry
yards of Messrs. J. L. and J. W. Smith
of Daisy. These fine Wyandotte hens
that laid the eggs certainly had some
thing to cackle over, but then, when it
comes to fine country produce, and es
pecially chickens and eggs, Tatnall can
crow over any county in the State. —
Tatnall Journal.
The man who first made steel pens got
$1 apiece for them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1899.
"DISGRACE TO THE STATE."
Burns' Senatorial Candidacy De
nounced From Two Pulpits.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— "There are men in
the State Legislature who have not tne
backbone to stand up like men when the
party lash is wielded over them; men
who have not the backbone to vote
against a corrupt man, such as -j^an
Burns, who brazenly aspires to the high
honor of United States Senator. I fear
some of these men, lacking backbone,
who dare not disobey their constituents
publicly and openly, will in caucus secretr
ly vote for Dan Burns."
The. speaker was Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille,
pastor of the First M. E. Chur.ch, andhis
unique subject was "Backbone." The
well-pointed utterance was a final rebuke
aimed at the dilatory and undecided ac
tion of the Legislature in the important
duty of electing a United States Senator.
To a Call reporter Dr. Dille stated after
ward that he had not intended to refer
to the Senatorial situation when he com
menced his sermon to-night, but the title
of his discourse called up the present
state of affairs, and the utterance was
impromptu, spontaneous and apropos.
"The men who compose our State
Legislature are now surely aware or the
sentiment of the people," said Dr. Dille,
•'and I do not see how they can ignore
their constituents. To my mind, the ob
ject of this protracted delay is the hope
Burns' friends have of electing him, tne
accomplishment of which would be a
burning shame and disgrace to the fair
name of ' California."
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, February. 26.
"I believe it is the duty of every mm
FIGHT OF
INSURGENTS
ABOUT MANILA
Continued from First Page.
brought the news that the American
flag had been raised over the island of
Ce"bu, the United States gunboat Pe
trel, Commander C. Cornwell, visited
Cebu on February 22. Commander Corn
BURNS THE ANTITHESIS OF WASHINGTON.
Rev. Frederic C. Lee Vividly Contrasts the Noble Qualities
of the Statesman and Patriot With the Political
Trickery of the Senatorial Aspirant.
«F there is anywhere about
I the halls of the Capitol at
1 Sacramento a portrait of the
father of his country, I hope
they have had the decency to
turn its face to the wa.l.
Why?
Because a man is known by
the company he keeps, and
George Washington cannot af
ford at this late date to lose
his well-earned and time-hon
ored reputation.
Would you look upon the
full-length portrait of a pa
triot? Go stand before the
picture of Washington. Pat
riotism, nobility, man
hood culminated here. The
genius of Washington was the
genius of patriotism. If Plato
stands for pure thought, De
mosthenes for oratory, Lin
coln for liberty, Washington
represents civic devotion —
which is patriotism.
Can you picture him as a
barroom brawler? Can you
think of him as a defaulter?
Can you imagine him bully
ing, or bribing, or buying a
seat in the Senate, though in
possession of all the mines in
Mexico P
PLEASE state that my object Is not
to talk politics in the sense of par
tisanship. The pulpit and the minis
try should never bo thus degraded;
It Is the duty of the church, through its
ministry, to take high grounds and give
forth no uncertain sounds along the lines
of truth, purity and righteousness. There
is a right and a wrong, a good and a bad
side in affairs of state as well as in af
fairs of business and religion. Nothing
can be practically right that is morally,
wrong, and the political evils of our day
are moral evils. .
"Bribery, theft, fraud, drunkenness,
immorality. Is the preacher of the
gospel who says 'thou shalt not steal, lie,
bear false witness.' to hold his peace?
If he is to cry aloud and warn men against
stealing, lying, bribe-taking, and the
political offender in all these things is to
be exempt, then I and every other
minister of the irospel, priest and bishop
should lay down out credentials, for, like
Othello, our occupation is gone.
"Is there any difference between steal
ing sheep and stealing votes? Yet we are
so mixed in our ethics that the man who
steals cattle is sent to' San Quentin, while
the man who steals vbtes by bribery and
political 'knock out drops* is sent to
Sacramento and "Washington. Now
which is the greater criminal? Which
of the twain is more dangerous to so
ciety?
"Representatives and Senators in the
Legislature assembled at Sacramento,
hear me! You cannot show any respect
for yourself or your party by voting for
a man alive physically, but morally dead
and politically corrupt to the core. Tne
worth and the strength of a nation de
pend far less upon its form of govern
ment than upon the character of its men.
National prosperity and progress is the
sum of individual industry, energy and
uprightness, while national decay is in
dividual idleness, vice and selfishness.
"I ask the question that The Call asked
some time ago. What has this man Burns
ever done in public or private life that he
should pose as a fit person to represent
our State in the United States Senate?
Has he marked ability as a statesman or
ister of the gospel in the State of Califor
nia to denounce from his pulpit the Sena
torial aspirations of Dan Burns and all
his followers," said Rev. F. S. Brush to a
Call reporter to-day. A few weeks ago
in a sermon entitled "Partisan Politics
vs. Political Manhood," Rev. Mr. Brush
dealt with the man from Mexico in most
scathing terms. . He says that since that
sermon was delivered he has received
letters from all sections of the State
written by men in all walks of life con
gratulating- him upon the stand he took.
"This convinces me," continued Rev.
. Mr. Brush, "that the sentiment of the peo
ple—that is, the best people, who are edu-
I cated, read the daily papers and think for
themselves, is unanimously against such
a man as Burns. It could not be other
wise. No self-respecting man — no man
who takes pride in the State — wants to see
it represented at "Washington by a man
who, if all we learn is true, should be j
doing time in a penitentiary.
"1 believe the ministers' should take a.
stand against such a candidate for the
moral welfare of the State. It would be
demoralizing to the rising generation if ,
Burns should, by any misfortune, be suc
cessful. It would teach young men that ]
the only road to greatness was corrup- i
tion and wrong- doing. There are plenty j
of honest men after the Senatorshfp and |
it is a reflection upon the legislators that ;
Burns is allowed tv get even a single vote I
among them.
"I have expressed my views fully on
this subject from my pulpit and I want to '
see every minister in the State do like- j
wise. It is a duty they owe their congre- |
cations.
well sent an ultimatum ashore declar
ing the intention of the Americans to
take possession— peaceably if possible,
by force If necessary. The rebels im
mediately vacated, taking their guns to
the hills. A party of marines and blue
jackets was landed and the American
flag was raised by them over the Gov
ernment building, which they still oc
cupied when the Nuestra Senora del
Carmen left.
The same steamship brought dis
patches from Brigadier General Miller
at Uoilo to- Major General Otis, report
ing that all was quiet there; that there
had been no further fighting; that con
fidence had been restored and business
was being generally resumed. General
Miller thinks it probable that the na
tivts will soon become convinced of the
error of opposition to the inevitable,
and that the example set by the in
habitants of Negros Is having its ef
REV. FREDERIC C. LEE.
financier? Yes, perhaps the latter when
he was Secretary of State. Is he a de
bater or versed in constitutional law?
Has he a single grace or gift that fits him
for the position Tie fights tor?
"Surely the time has come when by
constitutional amendment we shall eject
our Senators by direct vote of the people,
and so put it beyond the power of . so
mean a man to block the affairs of state
by pointing his pistol and saying to our
representatives, 'Your vote or your po
litical lives.'
"Once again I shall call the roll and
direct the attention of the people of the
State and of the nation to the names
Quay, Roberts, Burns. But the meanest
of these three is Burns."
Thus spoke Rev. Frederic C. Lee of the
California-street M. E. Church to a Call
reporter yesterday, elaborating upon his
article in the Examiner explaining his
Washington's birthday lecture, in which
the reverend gentleman said that if there
was a picture of the Father of His
Country in the State Capitol he hoped
fect among the other islands, which,
though not entirely .convinced, are, in
General Miller's opinion, open to rea
son.
WANTS THE OREGON TO
PREVENT INTERFERENCE
NEW YORF. Feb. 26.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: It is because of his desire
to be prepared for emergencies and to
prevent interference by the moral ef
fect of a formidable naval force that
Rear Admiral Dewey sent a hurry caJl
for the Oregon.
While officials of the department deny
that any explanation has been received
from Rear Admiral Dewey as to the
"political reasons" which induced him
to ask that the Oregon be sent to Man
ila at once, they make this statement
with the confidence borne of knowledge
of the situation.
In German diplomatic circles there is
a disposition to resent the insinuations
which have been made that Rear Ad
miral Dewey's call for the Oregon was
based upon his apprehension that the
German government contemplated in
terfering. I was informed that the Ger
man government has given repeated
assurances that it recognized the sover^
eignty of the 'United States over the
Philippines and had no intention of
committing any action respecting the
islands which would be distasteful to
the Washington authorities. Germany
has but two ships to-day in the Philip
pines — the Kaiserin Augusta and Irene
— not a large number when it is consid
ered that much of the trade of the
islands is in tho hands of German mer
chants, and that besides protecting
German subjects and merchants Ad
miral yon Diedrichs has to take care
of the subjects and interests of four
other European countries.
There is a disposition to believe that
Germany, at the slightest opportunity,
will land marines at Manila. As a mat
ter of fact, I was told that German
: marines would only be landed in the
| event that General Otis requested such
| action. According to a diplomat with
| whom I talked, General Otis has an
j nounced that he will provide protection
to foreign subjects and their interests.
He is therefore responsible for their
safety. Should developments occur
1 showing that he is unable to provide
; such protection, then he may call upon
j foreign admirals to land marines, or if
| it becomes generally recognized that he
is unable to meet the situation then
marines may be landed merely for the
j purpose of protecting immediate prop-
I erty of foreign residents. With such a
I large force guarding Manila and sub
urbs, with reinforcements near at
hand and with a large fleet in the bay
the legislators had had the decency to
turn it to the wall.
The Examiner article is as herewith
reproduced:
"If there is anyhere about the halls of
the Capitol at Sacramento a portrait of
the 'Father of his Country.' I hope they
have had thp decency to turn its face to
the wall. "Why?
"Because a man Is known by the com
pany he keeps, and George Washington
cannot afford at this late date to lose his
weli-earned and tim^-honored reputation.
"Would you look upon the full-length
portrait of a patriot? Go stand before the
picture of Washington. Patriotism, no
bility, manhood culminated here. The
genius of Washington was the genius of
patriotism. If Plato stands for pure
thought, Demosthenes for oratory, Lin
coln for liberty. Washington represents
civic devotion— which is patriotism.
"Can you picture him as a bar-room
brawler? Can you think of him as a de
faulter? Can you imagine him bullying
or bribing or buying a seat in the Senate,
INDIANS QUARREL
AND ONE IS DEAD
Two Others Seriously Wounded
in an Affray in a Grove Near
Sebastopol.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 26.— An Indian named "Little Pete" was mur
dered by Indians this morning during a quarrel at Calder's Grove, near
Sebastopol. Two other Indians were badly wounded. Nothing Was
known of the trouble until an Indian called a Sebastopol doctor to
see "Pete." 'Sheriff Grace and deputies have left for the scene to arrest
the guilty persona.
to support the army, no members of the
diplomatic corps have apprehension
that any serious danger menaces the
subjects and interests of their govern
ments.
Though it has been some time now
since the event occurred, an explana
tion was given me to-day of the action
of the Germans last summer in bring
ing a transport into the harbor of Man
ila. It appears the German govern
ment had sent a large number of men
to Admiral yon Diedrieha to replace
those on board his ships whose terms
of sea duty had expired. "Would the
admiral have taken from his ships men
who had been trained to fight them if
he had expecteu a conflict with Ameri
can men-of-war?" asked my informant.
Well informed naval officers are of
the opinion that there is at present
nothing on the horizon to make Rear
Admiral Dewey apprehend foreign in
terference. But the burning of property
by the insurgents has made possible the
landing of marines to protect foreign
interests, and Rear Admiral Dewey, to
prevent this, or even the suggestion of
interference, with the encouragement
which would thus be given the insur
gents, cabled t,o the department that It
■would be wise to order the Oregon to
Join him as promptly as possible.
ADMIRAL CERVERA HAD
FORESEEN DISASTER
MADRID, Feb. 26.— The newspapers
are urging the Government to maintain
its precautions against Carlist activity,
especially upon the frontier, where at
though in possession of all the mines in
Mexico?
"Great and good himself, pure In pur
pose and in life, he could only live in pure
surroundings, and so he gathered around
him in the affairs of state the wisest and
the best.
"With unerring instinct he made Ham
ilton his Secretary of Treasury, and at j
this hour we remember the words of Web- i
Ftf-r, 'He smote the rock of the national
resources and the abundant streams of
revenue gushed forth. He touched the |
corpse of public credit and it sprang upon j
Its feet.'
"With wisest foresight he made Jeffer
son Secretary of State, and when he placed
the ermine of the judicial robe upon the
shoulders of John Jay it rested upon a
man whose life and character was as pure
and spotless as itself.
"This high standard, these lofty polit
ical principles are as necessary and a^
practical to-day as they were one hundred
years ago. By them alone can this nation
go on to perfection and complete the na
tional structure whose foundation was
laid by s?uch men as Jay and Jefferson,
Hamilton and Washington. When national
character ceases to be upheld a nation
may be regarded as in its dying hour. And
when the time arrives in any country
when wealth has corrupted and enslaved
the people, when vice has degraded or
luxury enfeebled them— a race to whom
honor, virtue, justice, patriotism have
seemingly become traditions, things of the
past, then its only hone and salvation is
in the restoration and elevation of indi
vidual character, for by that and that
alone can a nation be saved.
11l fares the land, to hastening Ills a prey.
Where wealth accumulates and men decay.
"The inelegant but expressive 'git there'
is the motto of our later day politicians,
and 'this one thing I do.' says the man
from Mexico, without regard to the means
or the men used.
"Have we hot become a spectacle at
home and abroad while this political hold
\ip is being carried out? The representa
tives of the commonwealth of California
standing hands up while they are rifled
of the only thing of value about them—
the vote intrusted to their care for safe
delivery at Sacramento by their electors.
"J ask the people of California shall we
send our boys 7000 miles across the ocean
to face a horde of savage Filipinos and
allow a gang of thugs to strangle us at
home? Shall we ask our men in Manila
to fight for freedom abroad while we are
being shackled and sold at our State capi
tol?
"Are we Americans? Is there any of,
the blood, of Patrick Henry. Washington,
Lincoln, running in our veins? Then thiir
patriotism should be ours! Shall we put
renegades and the tools of corrupt corpo
rations into place and power, when our
fathers crowned only manhood and nobil
ity of character and made the scholar and
the statesman ruler over them? Shall
we cringe like coward slaves when
our ancestors were giants in mind and
conscience?
"The Greek orator two thousand jrean
ago said: 'The character of a city is de
termined by the character of the men It
crowns.' Is it not true to-day that the
'character of a State it* determined by thf»
character of the men it elects to public
office?
"Can that man whose religion is singu
lar, but whose wife ia plural, retint any
honor upon the State of I v tah? Can a de
faulter, the consort of racetrack touts and
fellows of baser sort, shed any luster up- I
o"n our Golden State?
"In the beautiful park of the soldiers'
home in Washington there is a spot where
through the trees a glimpse of the capitol
can be obtained, crowned by the graceful
dome and framed in an oval wreath of
living green. Although two miles away,
all Intervening object." are hidden fmm
view, and when the sun of a summer
morning touches the white marble walls
causing them to glisten like polished sil
ver, the Capitol Vista surpasses in refined
beauty anything to be seen in or around
Washington. On such a morning not long
before his death Charles Sumner and a
friend were riding through the park. The
driver suddenly reined up his hor?es and
called attention to the picture to be seen
through the opening in the forest. A:
exclamation of delight came from Mr.
Sumner's lips—
" "The grandest pubjic building in the
world.' he said; 'a fitting home for the
greatest legislative assembly on the j
globe.' Now, beneath the Capitol Vista
write, Quay: Roberts!! BURNS!!!
God give us men! A time like this demands
Btrongr mind*, great hearts, truth faith and I
ready hands.
tempts are being made to smuggle
arms and ammunition into the country
try with a view to an early Carlist ris
ing:.
El Correspondence Militair estimates
that 44,000,000 pesetas will be required
to cover the cost of the last two wars
in Cuba.
The committee of the Senate for the
verification of credentials has exam
ined Admiral Cervera, who had con
tended that he was entitled to sit in
the Senate, inasmuch as criminal pro
ceedings had not been taken against
him. The admiral declared that if the
loss of his squadron were a crime, it
must be attributed to the Government
which sent him to the Antilles aerainst
his will. He told the committee that
he wept on receiving 1 the congratula
tions upon his safe arrival at Santiago
de Cuba, for he* had foreseen disaster.
FORMER SOLDIER WOUNDED.
Army Quarrel Results in tfce Shoot
ing of a Kentuckian.
ASHLAND, Ky., Feb. 26.— P. F. C*PT,
late captain of Company L, First Ken
tucky Regiment, was shot through the
left arm at the elbow by Harry Price, a
young lawyer of Catlettsburg who was a
private in Carr'seompany. The men met
in a saloon, the lie was passed and it ia
said Price drew his pistol and fired.
Captain Carr took the. pistol from Price
and fired one shot as Price retreated up
an alley. The trouble originated while
they were in the army.
Lord Charles Beresford's Sunday.
NEW YultK, Feb. 26.— Bear Admiral
Charles Beresford spent the day respond
ing 1 to social calls upon him. He began
with •a- breakfast given by Commodore
Philip, commandant at the navy yard.
He was at a luncheon with Mr. and Mr?.
Whitelaw Reid, where ex-Mayor Hewitt
also was. a guest. A part of the after
noon was devoted to calling and to-night
the admiral was a guest of honor at a
dinner given by General and Mrs. Lloyd
Brice.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"He That Stays
Does the Business"
All the world admires
4 "staying power." On this
quality success depends. *lhe
blood is the best friend the
heart has, and "faint heart ,
never won anything* Hood's
Sarsaparilla is the best friend L
the blood ever had; cleanses
it of everything.
If you would be strong in the race of
life and- "do the business," you must
i "stay." Hood's Sarsaparilla makes
I the struggle easy. . It gives clear, strong
blood; hence perfect health ensues.
Hives— "The itching of hives which
troubled me last summer was terrible;
blotches came all over my body. Hood's
Sarsaparilla and Hood's Fills cured me." -
MRS. MaRY IBBOTT, 235 South . Wolf
street, Baltimore, Md.
All Run Down— "l was as tired in the.
morning as at night, had no ambition,
weak and run down.. Three, bottles of
Hood's Sarsaparilla built me up and cured
me. Can eat well and sleep well." MRS.
CHARLES MOLZ, 418 Madison street,
Sandusky, Ohio.
Female Troubles— "l would have
welcomed death any time as a relief from
catarrh of the womb and other serious
troubles. The best physicians said my
case was helpless. I stopped taking
everything else and took Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla' New life came to me and I gained
until I am perfectly well and strong.
MRS.. EMMA J. FISHER, Lonedell, Mo.
Hood's Fills cure liver ills; the non-irritat-
ing and only cathartic to take with Hood'»
Barsaparllla. _ .
p|ff t^j&f&jjsL Specialists for Men
[fia'?}} — #S??s^ V>T^ >» These phyilclani have heea
Vv»Ktt fS^ *^y V«> curing weakneu and eon-
\\ u^ft \s tracttd ailments ilnce 1881.
jt^'-L J^M?^§^\s li " t '' lUl l'P* d nmlleil >n-
§! v anlifmwl^lW'^ T7nfortunat« men who fan-
V rw^»gSCl<i' I""- «« »l>ould write tor »<i.
>. >O riceaud rrl\»te r»ck —
ESTABLISHED 17 Vt»BS. Alj J' FI * IE *-
ThouMnds cur-J at kernel
All letter* confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 SKSroiScO. 1 Enuanc.;
t FAVORITE
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
i R WEAK WOMEN.
IMFRVITA " wtom vitality
iMCnv I ! M LOST vigor.
Jl<||P|?) — AND MANHOOD
fgSp**~l Cures Impotency Night Emi**ion» and watting
BjH^pfi diseases, all effects of «elf-*buse. or execs* and
W wTL indiscretion. A nerre»tonic and bleod-buiMer.
I iR Brings the pink glow to pale cheek* and re
a. JB*^, / store» the Krt of youth. By mail 500 per
RidE^Kk. boxi 6 boxes fcr $2.50; with a written
Ir|'ii!i^i^^guarantee to cure or refund the meaty.
R<rv)!a medical go., CHnf?n * a«lcsMi ml, Chiwa?.
WALLER BROS.. S3 Grant ave.,B4n Francisco.
Radways
Pills
' Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa .
perfect - digestion, complete - absorption and L
healthful regularity. ' . fl
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. • Female Ir-
regularities. Sick * Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of: th»
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druggists,
i or by mall. RADWAT & CO.. New York.SERIOUS ILLNESS OF
RUSSIA'S EMPEROR
Grand Duke Michael Now the Actual Head
of the St Petersburg Gov
ernment
JH LONDON, Feo. 27.— The Copenhagen correspondent of the Daily Mail ■
V says: ell-informed persons here assure me that the health of Emperor p
>: ; -Nicholas is far from good. % and that his condition excites the gravest g
i? solicitude. A long-threatening ailment assumed a critical form soon after £•
g the issuance of the manifesto in behalf of the limitation of armaments »
£, and the Czar is now prostrated. J2
g ' The malady is of such a character as to forbid all intellectual exer- ft
g tion. His participation in the Government is merely formal, confined to S
£• signing documents of whose contents ho is ignorant. The Grand Duke £2
j, possesses the executive power and all Government decisions are ar- 2
$ rived at without the Czar's co-operation or knowledge. £
i» The Daily Chronicle's correspondent at Stockholm says that it is ru- jg
£ mored there that Emperor Nicholas is 111, and that the Imperial Grand 3
« Duke Michael is presiding over the Government. 25
■v!;s**c£So?i oao !* o %o»io%o!.o?*o a oizotioxoz o s o% o aoesaeeacaaoeagß
GERMANY SHOWS
FRIENDLY SPIRIT
Wants No Quarrel Over
Samoa.
— — —^—^
BERLIN'S ACT OF COURTESY
OFFICIAL SENT TO CONFER AT
WASHINGTON.
• • •
- .
. Before Proceeding to Apia, Herr Baf
fel's Successor Will Have a
■ . Talk With Secretary
... * Hay.
Steciai Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— The Washing
• of the Herald tele
graphs: As indicating the friendly pur
>if the German government to
bring the Samoan controversy to a set
:it satisfactory to the United
-. and prevent if possible the oc- |
turrence of other disputes, I learned to
"hat Herr Salf, the newly elected
■President of the Municipal Council of
. come to the United States be
ag to his post to confer
Secretry and other adminis
n officials. Herr Salf will succeed j
Raffel, who left Apia on February '
•■-here he will be com- ;
pelled 1 make a report to his home
rnment in explanation of his con
. duct at Apia. Herr Salf is now on duty
ne of the German possessions in
Africa, and has been instructed to first
Berlin, and. if the time per- I
• nritsi. f visit Washington and meet Sec- j
1 ■ Hay and talk over Samoan mat- ,
:al.
This act of deference on the part of
th.c Berlin government is naturally very
agreeable to the officials, and is an in
dication to them of the desire of Ger
many to satisfactorily administer the
affairs of Samoa in accordance with
the ; he Berlin treaty. It
was said to-day that the Samoan ques
tion had never been at the danger point, j
as had been reported, but it was clearly
evident there had been fault displayed
on both sides, and Germany and the :
United States propoeed to take such ac
to restore peace and order as may '.
b< --in advisable. Herr Rose in all prob
ability wili be removed, and <"'hief Ju?-
Ohambers is expected to be re
called.
Chief Justice Chambers' recall will
his decision or to his
the letter he wrote to
his brother, which was published In the
Herald and which contained statements ,
rionable to the German govern- :
rri.ent, which huve been communicated
- State Department. The officials j
=ay that his usefulness has gone to
f-'ime extent as the result of his letter, ;
< iermany has intimated that she
i be desirous that some other per
feon be appointed as his successor.
PRINCE RADZIWILL'S
ALLEGEC STATEMENTS
; PARIS, Feb. 26.— 50 extraordinary
are the utterances attributed to Prince
Antonio Radziwill in the alleged inter
view with him in the Liberte, specially
lr£ the imputed tone of hostility toward
American commerce, that serious
doubts are expressed as to whether the
Interview is authentic.
Prince Radziwill, who was Emperor
William's representative at the Faure
funeral, after declaring that the Kaiser
.. ' .professes the greatest admiration for
. the gTand memories of France's nation
■ al history and her present army." and
"•'-■ Is "actuated by the most friendly sen
= :;', "time-nts," is represented as sayiner:
■'-• .'''We have so many common points
"of- -interest that a loyal agreement
»':• -seems as desirable for France as for
; "-.Germany."
S. "With regard to the reported Anglo
•"• >.German agreement, Prince Radziwlll
■■ -remarked:
•■.;■■' :*An entente between such serious
• ° : .-commercial rivals as Great Britain and
.*• .■'G.e.rmany Is almost impossible."
."- : A-t this stage of the interview ap
pears the reference to America:
• •". '•But there is another country against
-which Continental powers should in
deed co-operate for the organization of
their economic defense. I mean the
United States, whose pretensions and
. wraith arc becoming a danger for us
.all."
.}\. BEPORT ON CENSUS BILL.
Provisions of the Measure Have Been
Agreed Upon.
WASHINGTON. Feb. tk— The conferees
wi the census hill have agreed and will
make their report early in the week. Cer
• Cain features of both the Senate and
House bills will be retained. The census
will be nominally under the direction of
" Ihe Secretary <>t the Interior, but all ap
p .sus Bureau will be
. ■ :,..■; • ■ . Censna Tho
-tant Director and
ippoiated by the l re»
onnrmed by the Senate. The
Dire<''T receive* a salary of JWJ". trie
• Director $4000. The only impor
• of the difference was in regard
nether the census should be mad* 1 a
lv of a department or separate, the
providing for an independent
Entombed in a Cave-In.
'RYINGTON. Feb. 25.— L. E. Osgood
J^ -ed death by a miracle yesterday.
watching thp digging of a well it
raved in. carrying him down with it ana
>urying him alive. After Some effort he
va's dug out, and it was found he haa
:uscalned no injuries.
OLNEY URGED FOR
ALGER`S POSITION
Gold Democrats Want
Recognition.
ASK FOR A CABINET PLACE
ALLEGED OFFER MADE TO THE
PRESIDENT.
Eastern Newspapers Will Cease At
tacks on the Administration if
Clevelandism Be Recog
nized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Feb. 26.— A Washington
special to the Inter Ocean says: The
persistent fight made on Secretary Alger
by certain New York and New England
newspapers Has a two-foid purpose.
First, it is to discredit the administra
tion, of which Alger is a member. Sec
ond, there is a desire to force upon the
President a rearrangement of his Cab
inet and give recognition to the Cleve
land Democracy.
Two members of Mr. Cleveland's last
Cabinet have been indirectly suggested
to the President as able to quiet criti
cism of the War Department if either
should be placed at its head as Secre
tary of War. These two men are the
closest and most ardent friends of Mr.
Cleveland. They are ex-Secretary of
State Olney and ex-Secretary of War
Lament. Both are gold Democrats, and
mi-re bitter in their opposition to the
Democratic party as now organized
than are the Republicans. They are
representative.- of "t 'Ir-velandism" and
"the gold standard."
Eastern newspapers which represent
the Geld Democrats and have been con
tinually abusing President McKinley
because he has not tried to have Con
gress carry out Secretary Gages pet
schemes for currency reform are mak
ing the campaign against Secretary
Alger at this time with the hope that
they can frighten the President intu
preparing for the next campaign by
conciliating the Cleveland Democrats
and taking one of them into the Cabi
net.
Chief among these papers which have
abused McKinley over Alger"s shoulder
is the New York Herald, of which
James Gordon Bennett of New York
and Paris is owner and editor. To-day
it became kno-wn that Bennett has had
it made known to the President that
the Herald is ready to drop its light
upon the administration if Alger be re
moved and either Lamont or Olney
named as his successor in the Cabinet.
In this Bennett is imitating to a certain
extent his father, who in 1862 practi
cally compelled Lincoln to remwe Sec
retary of War Cameron and name as
his successor Edwin M. Stanton, a
Democrat who had served in Bu
chanan's Cabinet as Attorney General.
But Bennett has another object. His
only politics is gold. If he can dictate
the Secretary of War he can control
him, and through him the valuable con
cessions which will be made through
the war office in Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines while they are under
military control.
Through the same channel by which
McKinley was notified of Bennett's
wishes it was also made known to the
President that the influence of the
Cleveland democracy and mugwump
press would not be insigniricant in the
next campaign, and also that, having
ignored their demands as to the cur
rency by not calling- an extra session
to enact currency legislation along the
lines suggested by Secretary Gage, he
cannot hope to hold this support unless
he does something to show his friend
ship for them and their opinions.
NEW YORK LIFE IN THE LEAD.
An Excellent Export to Be Followed
by a New Policy.
ALBANY, N. V.. Feb. 26.-The insur
! ance reports filed with Insurance Superin
i tendent Payn are being tabulated for ref
j erence to the Legislature. The year 189S
| for the fire and marine companies shows
an improvement over 1597. The total pre
, mlum receipts were $128,432,223 40. Paid
j for losses, J73.155.861 13. Paid for taxes,
444 96. Total disbursements, $132,338,-
The life companies' statements
show thai there has been a large increase
over IV'.'T.1 V .T. The New York Life leads in
; new business paid for during the year,
with 73.471 policies, insuring $122,093,369 and
new premiums of $6.054, 4i#. The Mutual
Life reports 51,785 policies, insuring $128,
--7K».0&8 and new premiums of $5,146,649. The
: Equitable Life report* 43.0:50 policies, in
suring 5121.2ti7.516 and premiums of $4.48«.
--654. The war stamp tax to the Government
on the new business of these three great
companies will exceed $350,000. The New
' York Life baa filed with Superintendent
j Payn a new form of policy which fan made
absolutely nonforfeitable and incontesta-
b le from date of issue. It is based upon
i 3 per cent interest earning assumption,
and the department experts state that It
■ is the most liberal policy contract ever Is
> sued by any company. It is expected to
I create an upheaval in insurance methods.
Ex-Congressman Maish Dead.
WASHINGTON. Feb. ML—Ex-ReDre
i sentative Levi Maish of Pennsylvania
died here to-day from an attack of
apoplexy. Mr. Maish was in his 62d
■ year, was a Democrat In politics and
| a member of the Forty-fourth. Forty
! fifth. Fiftieth and Fifty-first Congrese
i es. He also had a creditable war rec
ord and was wounded several times.
Survey! at San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 26.— The United
States survey steamer Gedney, Captain
Westhall. which has Just completed the
work of surveying San Diego harbor, left
to-day for San Pedro, where there is sur
vey work to be done.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRt r ARY 27, 1899.
KIPLING'S LOSING
FIGHT FOR LIFE
Hopeless Reports From
His Bedside.
OXYGEN IS ADMINISTERED
HEROIC TREATMENT AS A LAST
RESORT.
Bulletins Issued by His Physicians
Indicate That His Illness Has
Reached a Critical
Stuge.
Ssecial Dispatch to The Call.
ooooooooooooocooo
o . o
O NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— Dr. O
O Dunham, at 3:50, sent down O
O word that there had been no O
O change in Mr. Kipling's condi- O
O tion, but that the sick man was O
O holding his own. O
O O
00000000000000000
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— At 10:20
o'clock last night the following bulletin
was issued:
Mr. Kipling's condition remains the
same as at last reports.
E. G. JANEWAY.
THEODORE DUNHAM.
It was said at that hour that Mr.
Kipling was very low and unconscious.
This bulletin was the last authentic
news from the sick room. There were
the usual rumors about the hotel, some
perhaps founded on the actual condition
of the patient, but it was hard to gather
even a small quantity of hope from
them. It is riot an exaggeration to say
that at 2 o'clock this morning all were
prepared for the worst. Dr. Janeway
and Dr. Dunham were with the patient
at that hour, and had been almost con
tinuously throughout the night.
There was a general impression about
the hutel last evening that Mr. Kip
ling's condition was worse than at any
time since he became ill. Dr. Janeway
arrived at the hotel at 3:30 p. m., and as
he was not expected until later in the
afternoon it looked as if there had been
a sudden change for the worse and that
the physician had been called. He re
mained in the hotel until 4:15 and then
left, returning in a half hour. Almost
at the same time an oxygen tank was
brought to the hotel and taken up to
the Kipling apartments on the first
floor. That the oxygen was to be ad
ministered was practically admitted by
Dr. Janeway. This is heroic treatment,
and is resorted to only in extreme cases.
Both Dr. Janeway and Dr. Dunham
were with Mr. Kipling alternately
throughout Saturday night, and both
were in attendance on him early yester
day morning. At 9:30 o'clock yesterday
the following bulletin was issued:
Rudyard Kipling remains in a critical
condition. The disease continues.
E. G. JANEWAY,
THEODORE DUNHAM.
Soon after 10 o'clock Dr. Janeway Jr.,
son of Dr. E. Janeway, was called in
consultation concerning the critical
condition of Mr. Kipling. Dr. Dunham
came from the sick chamber soon after
11 o'clock. His wife is a sister of Mrs.
Kipling.
"Is Mr. Kipling suffering from pneu
monia?" Dr. Dunham was asked.
•We will call it inflammation of the
lungs." he replied.
"If he gets through to-day will he be
safer*
"If he gets through to-day he will
be much nearer to safety," said Dr.
Dunham.
At 4:30 o'clock the following bulletin
was posted:
Mr. Kipling still remains in a very criti
cal condition.
Dr. Janeway would not say anything
about Mr. Kipling's condition, sayine
there was nothing to add to the bulle
tin. It was learned, however, from
other sources that Kipling was ex
tremely weak. At times he recognizes
those around him. Those at the bed
side are Dr. Dunham, Mrs. Kipling, her
mother, Mrs. Balestier, Mr. Doubleday,
the children and two nurses.
An order has been issued from the
hotel office that no letters nor' notes
shall be sent to the room unless they
are of the utmost importance, and
then only when the names of the send
ers are known. There is a constant
stream of visitors at the Grenoble ask
ing for information about the author.
One clerk is kept busy receiving cards.
Some of the callers were admitted yes
terday morning to the sick chamber.
Among these favored were: W. D.
Howells, Nikola Tesla, S. S. McClure
and Charles Battell Loomis.
The following bulletin was issued at
7 o'clock last night:
Mr. Kipling's condition has been very
serious during this, the sixth day of the
disease, giving rise to the gravest appre
hension for the outcome.
E. G. J AN E\\ Ai ,
THEODORE DUNHAM.
At that hour the physicians were
making almost constant use of oxygen.
Their demeanor indicated a most criti
cal stage of the disease. Mr. Kipling
was delirious when the bulletin was
issued. _____
NICARAGUAN REBELS
REmCY TO DISARM
Commanders of .foreign Warships
Submit a Proposition to
Zelaya.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb. 26.—Presf
dent Zelaya has received a dispatch from
Blueflelds via Grey town, dated February
23. and signed by Captain Murr of the
British cruiser Intrepid, and Commander
F. M. Symonds of the United States gun
boat Marietta, saying:
For humanity's sake and to spare bloodshed,
we guarantee that the revolutionists will dis
arrr. If you will guarantee their lives and prop
erty and maintain order at Blueflelds and the
existing treaties. On receiving your approval
we will arrange an armistice.
The following dispatch, confirming ear
lier reports, has been received from Gen
eral Estrada, one of the government com
manders in the field:
I have taken Aqua Callente and am moving
against Rama (the point of insurgent concen
tration up Wuenelds River). The rebels are
disbanding nnd are retreating into the forests.
POWER FOB MANY CITIES.
New Electric Company to Operate on
Puget Sound.
SEATTLE. Wash., Feb. 26.— A telegram
from Trenton. N. J.. says that articles in
corporating the .Vashlngton Power Trans
mission Company have been filed there by
a number of capitalists of New York and
Boston. The company has a eaoital stock
of $1,750,000 and it is formed for the pur
pose of developing hydraulic and electric
power at Cedar River Falls, in this State,
for use in Tacoma. Seattle and other
cities of Puget Sound. It is thought that
the General Electric Company is back of
the corporation and that it is the first step
in a contest between the General Electric
Company and the Baker Company of
Chicago "for control oi the power of Puget
Sound cities. The Chicago company, which
is Installing a large piant at Snoqualmie
Falls has already secured a franchise in
Seattle, and it has an application for one
before the City Council of Tacoma.
WHAT THIS WAR
CONGRESS HAS SO
PAR ACCOMPLISHED
Continued from First Page.
vides a comprehensive plan of territor
ial government and fixes the qualifi
cation of electors and officers. The bill
has not, however, passed either branch
of Congress, and although regarded as
one of the important pieces of pend
ing legislation it is hardly expected
that it can pass all the stages at thLa
late day in the session. In view of this
several bills dealing with special
phases in Hawaii have passed one or
the other house. These include bills
to extend the custom and revenue laws
to Hawaii; extending the navigation
laws to Hawaii; and extending to the
Hawaiian Islands the contract labor
laws of the United States. None of
these has become a law as they are de
pendent largely on the future of the
general Hawaiian bill.
What is known as the anti-scalplng
biil has attracted much interest and oc
cupied considerable time in both
branches of Congress. It was the first
piece of general legislation passed by
the House at this session, but its con
sideration in the Senate has been at
tended by numerous delays, it being
displaced recently as unfinished busi
ness in order to take up the army re
organization bill.
Another measure of importance to the
commercial and shipping classes is
known as the shipping bill. It was in
troduced in the Senate by Hanna and
in the House by Payne, and is pending
in both houses. It provides a system
of bounties to American steam and
sailing vessels, dependent upon tonnage
and distance covered, and also makes
merchant vessels an auxiliary foTce to
the navy in time of war. It is on the
calendar of both houses, with itß future
in doubt owing to the short time re
maining.
The general legislation of the session
which has advanced to its final stages
and has become law includes the fol
lowing: An act to amend the laws re
lating to American seamen, for the pro
tection 0$ such seamen and to promote
commerce; an act concerning sail
vessels uf over 700 tons; providing for a
national exposition of American prod
ucts and manufactures at Paris; for
the encourugerru-nt of the export trade;
granting extra pay to officers and en
listed men of United States volunteers;
pruvidin? additional Circuit Judges in
the Fifth and Sixth Judicial Circuits;
amending the act governing the imme
diate transportation of dutiable goods
without appraisement; adjusting the
clothing account for deceased soldiers
in certain casts; allowing voting ma
chiiios^ln elections foT Representatives
in Congress, removing the remains of
General J im A. Rawlins to Arlington
National Cemetery; admitting to West
Point and to Annapolis certain persons
designated by the Governments L»f
Venezuela, Costa Rica and Colombia.
The blli establishing a national mili
tary park to commemorate the cam
paign, siege and defense of Vicksburg
has been passed by both houses. Among
the bills which have passed one or the
other house are: Amending the war
revenue bill as to stamping of bond or
note and mortgage; authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to pay extra
compensation for certain extra services
in the navy yard, etc.; to establish an
international bank; to pay certain divi
dends of the Freedmans Trust and Sav
ings Bank; giving general right of way
through Indian reservations; amending
the act for the reimbursement of States
for the raising of volunteer forces dur
ing the war with Spain; granting a
pension to ex-Senator John M. Palmer;
authorizing a monument at Havana to
the survivors of the Maine; the revision
of the laws of Alaska, and the judiciary
system also has been considered -in both
.houses, but final action has not yet been
reported.
The total appropriations for the
present session will approximate $700,
--000,000. of which about $250,000,000 will
be for the military and naval uses or
'for subjects connected with the war.
This is a general estimate, however,
based upon totals which may undergo
much change, as very few of the large
appropriation bills have become law,
and some of them have not even been
considered. If the Nicaragua canal bill
is added to the river and harbor bill
this will make a material increase. In
cluded in the naval bill are provisions
for three sea-going battleships, three
armored cruisers and six small cruisers,
for which $10,000,000 is appropriated for
the first year's work.
Based on estimates, the total appro
priations for the Congress (not includ
ing the four appropriation bills left over
by the former Congress) would be ap
proximately $1,600,000,000. of which
amount approximately $600,000,000 is for
war expenses or incident to the army
and navy.
IMPORTANT MATTERS
BEFOKE THE SENATE
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The week
will open with the compromise army
bill still before the Senate, but it is im
possible to say how long it may con
[ tinue to demand the attention of that
body. The best opinion is to the effect
that a vote will be secured Monday,
but that depends largely upon the tem
per of Gorman and his friends, who in
sist upon the amendment of the army
bill so as to further curtail the size
of the army in 1901. It is not, how
ever, believed that they will press their
opposition to the point of entering into
an extended controversy over the mer
its of the measure, and the friends of
the bill count confidently on a vote
before adjournment on Monday.
Gorman disclaims any intention to
force delay, but says he will press his
amendment as long as there is any
chance of success. If the debate should
be continued to any considerable length
the action would be generally accepted
as indicating a purpose to force an ex
tra session, as all admit that with
as many appropriation bills as are
pending it is impracticable to give very
much more time to the army bill and
still pass the supply bills before the 4th
instant. There is yet no danger of fail
ure of either the army bill or the appro
priation bills. No Senator can be found
who avows himself as desirous of forc
ing a called session. Hence the general
belief that all these measures will be
come laws, ar.d when Congress ad
journs for the session next Saturday
legislation will be in such shape as to
render it possible for the legislators to
remain at their homes until next De
cember. There is no doubt of the
passage of the army bill by a large ma
jority when the vote is taken.
The appropriation bills will demand
almost al! the attention of the Senate, i
as the army bill is out of the way. and j
the Senate will have to materially in- !
crease the length of sessions in order
to secure their enactment into laws.
There are still five of these bills which
have not as yet received attention from
the Senate, and five others which are in
conference and which require mofe or
less consideration in conference.
The bills in conference are those pro
viding appropriations for the Indian of
fice, Postoflflce and Agricultural depart
ments and fur the District of Columbia j
and the improvement of rivers and har- j
bors. There are no radical points of |
difference in any of these bills except !
in the river and harbor bill, but there i
are many questions requiring adjust- j
ment, and they will necessarily demand
time for this purpose. The river and
harbor bill carries the Nicaragua canal
provision and other additional appro
priations of large sums of money. Five
bills which have not yet been reported
to the Senate are the sundry civil, the
naval, the army, the fortifications and
the general deficiency. All are import
ant and each will require considerable
time for disposal. Of these five the
Committee on Appropriations has con
sidered only the sundry civil bill's fate.
The Senate will get them all through,
however, unless unexpected opposition
should be developed to some of them.
The calendar is full of bills of a pri
vate and semi-private nature, and also
contains many measures of general
public importance. Many of these are
unobjectionable to all the members of
the Senate, and a majority of those of
this class will pass.
The beginning of the day session will
probably be advanced to 10 or 11 o'clock
each day of the week, and night ses
sions are also counted upon for the
greater part of It.
WILL NICARAGUA BILL
BE PASSED BY HOUSE?
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The House
will devote practically all of the closing
week of the session to the appropriation
bills and conference reports, and the
prospects are that every minute of the
time will be required to get them
through before noon on March 4. An
order has' been made to meet at 11
o'clock each day, but in addition to this
night sessions will be held, and it would
surprise none if one or more all-night
sessions should be necessary. Every
thing else except the appropriation bills
and the army reorganization bill will
go by the board in the final crush. A
few minor bills" may go through by
unanimous consent, but there is no
longer any time for the consideration
of important general measures.
The bill for the government of Hawaii
has been abandoned, and although*rhe
friends of the public building bills fa
vorably acted upon by the committee of
the ten days ago still cherish a
lingering hope that time will be given
for their consideration in tha House, the
chance is so insignificant that it is bare
ly worth more consideration. Hundreds
lof bills will die on the calendar.
! Though the thought of an extra ses
■ sion practically disappeared with the
agreement in the Senate upon the army
'■ reorganitation, it will require the most
I arduous labor to get through the appro
; priation bills and conference reports be
! fore the curtain falls next Saturday.
I The actual physical work of engross
; ing the eight or ten big appropriation
bills during the last forty-eight hours
will necessitate a large temporary addi
i tion to the clerical force. The engross
! ment of bills i: done at the government
i office when no special exigency exists.
but by special resolution, passed Fri
-1 day, permission to engross by hand dur
ing the remainder of the session was
i given. In the rinal adjustment of dlf
j ferences between the two houses, the
House is agreeable tv bring every prop
osition to a vote quickly under a sus
pension of the rules, a motion to sus
pend the rules being in order at any
time during the last week of the session.
This gives the House a distinct advan
tage and enables it at the fag end of
the session to transact an enormous
business In a very short time.
The condition of the appropriation
bills is such that the situation migttt
well cause alarm were it not for the al
most universal desire of both sides of
the House to obviate the necessity for
an extra session of Congress. Only
three of the fourteen supply bills have
gone to the President — the pension,
military academy and diplomatic. Six
have passed both houses. Five of these,
! the legislative, executive and judicial,
the postoffice, the agricultural, District
of Columbia and Indian, are In confer
ence, where the representatives of the
two houses are working to adjust the
differences. The other, the river and
harbor, has been referred to the River
and Harbor Committee of the House.
The sundry civil passed the House and
Is under consideration in the Senate.
i The naval bill has passed the House,
! but has not yet been reported to the
| Senate. The army bill is being consid
i ered In the House, and two of the bills,
I the fortifications and general deficiency,
I are yet to be acted upon by the House.
Moot of the bills in conference have
problems which will be more or less
difficult to solve, but none of these dif
ferences have been so serious as to
make the promise of a deadlock, which
might result in their failure, with the
single exception of the river and harbor
bill, and its loss would not necessitate
an extra session.
The fight over the Nicaragua canal
amendment, which the Senate placed
.over this bill, is very bitter and to the
death. The canal proposition would
command a majority of the votes of
the House, but against it are arrayed
the Appropriations Committee and the
ablest men of the House, who do not
believe that such enormous appropria
tions should be hastily passed during
the dying hours of Congress. Every
strategy known to parliamentary law
will be employed to defeat the proposi
tion, and, if necessary, probably kill the
bill, should the Senate prefer its death
to its enactment without the canal
amendment. After the committee con
siders the Senate amendments Chair
man Burton will come into the House
with a motion for a disagreement on
all amendments and get the Senate's
request for a conference.
Hepburn, chairman of the Interstate
Commerce Committee, will give concur
rence in the canal amendment, which
motion is in order and will take prefer
ence. But as the amendment carries
an appropriation it must be considered
in the committee of the whole first, and
here it is opposed by a bitter fight. The
most obstructive influence will be em
ployed, but it lies In the power of the
majority to win In the end, and it is
probable that upon a vote the House
may agree to the amendment. Eut this
will not cl«se the contests by any
means. It can be transferred to all
conference reports upon the bill and
prolonged to the jeopardy of the appro
priation bills to such an extent that tt
would seem that in the final issue
the passage of the canal amendment
would simply be blocked unless it com
manded the necessary two-thirds to
suspend the rules. If this can be done
the bill will probably become a law,
with the canal amendment in it. If it
cannot, the bill will probably fall un
less the Senate at the last moment jet
tisons it. Altogether, the promise is for
an interesting and memorable week in
the House.
SPANISH IMMIGRANTS.
Thirty Arrive at New York En Boute
to the West.
NEW YORK-. Feb. 26.— Thirty Spaniards
arrived on the Cunard liner Umbria. Most
of th^m are laborers and are able to read
and write. All of them are going to dif
ferent mining towns in the West. They
were held for investigation by the immi
grant office to determine whether they
came here to work under contract. The
immigrant authorities say that since the
close of the war with Spain the immigra
tion from that country has increased 100
per cent.
McKINLEY TO BE PBESENT.
Anniversary Celebration of the Mo
ravian College for Women.
BETHLEHEM. Pa., Feb. 26.— President
McKlnley has notified the Moravian Col
lege for Women that it might announce
the fact that as far as the present out
look was concerned he would be able to
attend the exerciFes on the one hundred
and fiftieth anniversary of the seminary,
to be held on June 14. President McKinley
assured the college that he would be ac
companied by Mrs. McKinley.
POISONED FOOD AT
A CHURCH SOCIAL
TweQty-H ve fluburnites Made
Seriously 111 by Partaking of
ChickeQ-
AUBURN, Feb. 26.— The effect of the chicken dinner given by the
ladies of the Congregational Church of this place on Washington's
birthday has proved to be more serious than was at first anticipated.
Twenty- five persons have been dangerously sick, and every symptom
pointed to poisoning. The authorities have been unable so far to as
certain the cause, but a theory is put forth that the chicken might
have been prepared in a brass kettle. The ladies of the church are
greatly annoyed, and have tried to keep the affair from the public.
APPROPRIATION
FOR THE CABLE
Senate Committee's Fa
vorable Report.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.— The Senate
Committee on Appropriations has" com
pleted consideration of the sundry civil
bill as passed by the House and report
ed It to the Senate. The most Import
ant amendment is a provision for a ca
ble to Honolulu. The amendment pro
vides that the cost of the cable gftall
not exceed $2, 500,000. The text of the
amendment follows:
That there shall be constructed by the !
United States, under the Secretary of the ;
Navy, for military, naval and postal pur
poses, a submarine telegraphic cable and
connecting land lines from a Pacific >ct
in the State of California to be designated
by the President to the city of Honolulu,
in the Hawaiian Islands. •.■"..:•
That the Secretary of the Navy is here
by authorized, empowered and directed to
detail one or more vessels of the United
States for the purpose of making surveys
and taking careful necessary soundings in
order to determine the most practicable
line for said cable. '_ -_
That the construction and laying of such
cable or cables shall be under the general
control and direction of the Secretary o]
the Navy, and he is hereby empowered
and required immediately after the pass
age of this act to prescribe and cause to
be prepared plans and specifications for
the construction and laying of said line of
telegraphic cable to be constructed and
put in operation at the earliest practica
ble date. Contracts for the construction
and laying of said line of telegraphic ca
ble and for supplying the necessary in
struments and appliances connected
therewith, except such work as can be ad
vantageously and efficiently done _b\ the
Navy Department, shall be awarded and
executed by the lowest responsible bidder
or bidders after such notice by advertise
ment for sealed bids as shall be deemed
reasonable and sufficient by the Secretary
or^he^le^u^fy.^P^^^r^tht^
eB Th_? Cl wh C en such telegraphic, cable Is
completed the operation of the same shau
U e?af^^%a r e O sta O bl^% P r^f\ e OU
EroTth^a^e^na-med 6^? a«e
Sum of $300 000 is hereby appropriated to-
gl The total Increases of the Senate bill
amount to 54.093,406. the bill as reported
to the Senate carrying N 4 - 9 *?- 989 - The
more important changes folio* .
Light and fog signal near Point Argu
elgi£niePi!Simer Thetis in Procuring
and transporting reindeer to Alaska,
?2 tTo revenue cutters for Great Lakes.
$165,000; limit of cost *330,000. Coast, ,112,-
Revenue cutter on Pacific Coast, *u-£
"^"jgfSß'ofSSa Calixto Garcia
amount o? ball forfeited in United States
Courts in Southern District of New York.
$2500.
A proviso is added to the appropria
tion for the protection of forest reserves
so as to provide that keepers shall en
force the laws of the States In which
such reservations are located, and le
galizing homestead entries upon the
Black Hills forest reservation made
prior to September 19. 1899.
The total appropriation for the geo
logical survey is increased from $61.,
--000 to $749,000. Some of the items fol
low:
Improving Yaquina Bay Or.. 1150.000.
Monument to Sergeant Charles Flo>d,
S Canadian ' Commission expenses. $50,000.
Paris Exposition appropriation—Author
ized increase from $1,060,000. ap
propriated by amendment $880,000. of which
$120 000 is for clerk hire: for construction of
buildings in connection with exposition.
$260 000 for a monument to Lafayette in
Paris, to be dedicated as a feature of the
exposition. $25,000: bullion is to be purchas
ed, from which 50.000 silver dollars are to
be struck commemorative of General La
fayette, the proceeds to be used _in the
erection of the monument; industrial
Commission, appropriation htrefor in
creased from $50,000 to $75,000 per annum.
A proviso is attached to the appro
priation for the Government printing
office, fixing pay of bookbinders and
printers at 50 cents an hour; for a new
Government printing office, 350,000, lim
it of cost $000,000.
RETURN OF THE WHEELING.
Gunboat Casts Anchor in the Harbor
of Vancouver.
• VANCOUVER. B. C Feb. 26.— The
United States gunboat Wheeling arrived
this morning from Alaska. Her com
mander exchanged courtesies with H. M.
S. Phaeton, already in port. The crews
of the two vessels on leave ashore show
ed that at least with the jackies the Brit
ish-American alliance is an accomplished
Ex-Pugilist Arrested for Murder.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 26.— Tom Allen, an
old-time prize-fighter, at one time
heavyweight champion of the world, is
under arrest charged with murder.
Thomas Coupey. whom Allen shot dur
ing a fracas in the ex-prizefighter's
saloon, died at the City Hospital short
ly before midnight to-night. Allen de
clares that he thought Coupey was go
ing to shoot him. and for that reason
used his revolver.
Many Wells Being Sunk.
DECOTO. Feb. 26.— Farmers in this sec
tion are looking very blue on account ot
the holding off of rain. Fruit m^n are
hiring all the engines they can get to
pump water to irrigate their trees. Many
wells are being sunk and engines are
working night and day. The grain crop
is still looking" well, and will stand the
drought for some time yet. There is a
good prospect for a fair fruit crop if the
frosts keep off.
irvington Improvements.
IRVIXGTON. Feb. 26.— Public-spirited
citizens have organized themselves into
an improvement club, the object being to
improve the streets. First they will bund
a park. Next they intend to improve
some of the main streets by pulling ouc
trees and building sidewalks.
RUNAWAY STORE
RACES DOWN RILL
A Two-Story Building's
Mad Flight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Feb. 26.— Two-story build
ings do not often run away, but that
is what one did in Tacoma this morn
ing. It was an old store building be
ing moved down the steep slope of
Eleventh street to and across Pacific
avenue. It had reached Eleventh and
E streets on rollers. There It was load
ed on big lumber trucks, with four
two-horse teams attached in front. A
big chain brake was rigged up and ar
rangements made to move the structure
down hill early this morning, when the
electric wires could be cut and all the
currents shut off. Just as the start was
made the chain brake broke, and in a
half minute building, horses, wagons
and all had covered two long blocks
down the hill.
Eleventh street their has a grade of
nearly 25 per cent. The frightened
horses galloped at full speed in front
of the big structure, which threatened
at every moment to topple over on
them. Several linemen were out to cut
the electric wires should it be neces
sary. They instantly recognized the
danger of the situation, and cut the
wires just as the building passed by.
Otherwise it would have been thrown
sidewise into the stores along Eleventh
street, besides pulling down many elec
tric light poles.
The runaway building was stopped In
its headlong flight by the fortunate
breaking of a wagon wheel when C
street was reached. This let one corner
of the building down and arrested Its
progress. ,
Thirty electric linemen were working
to-day repairing the wires that were
cut or pulled down.
LIFE INSURANCE.
"~~liftySd~~~
ANNUAL STATEMENT
—OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
Life Insurance Company
Of Hartford, Coon.
i Net assets, January 1. IS9B ...$81,403,550 3t
RECEIVED IN 1898.
I For premiums I 4.768,230 48
I For Interest and rents.. 3,070,247 68
: $ 7,838,478 li
$69,247,038 53
DISBURSED IN IS3S.
I For claims by death,
matured endowments
and annuities i 4.283,365 44
Surplus returned to pol-
icy-holders 1,272,693 73
Lapsed and surrendered
policies .........-.••..«• 656,040 35
Total to policy holders! 6,212,099 77
I Commissions to agents, '
salaries, medical ex-
j aminers' fees, print-
Ing, advertising. legal,
real estate, all other
expenses, and profit
and loss 843.876 97
Taxes 383. 984 25 _
$ 7.435.960 99
Balance net assets, Dec. 31, 1898... 067 51
SCHEDULE OF ASSETS.
Loans upon real estate, first 1ien....525,900,159 33
! Loans upon stocks and bonds 2.300 00
t>remlum notes on policies in force.. 904, 13
Cost of real estate owned by the
company 10.977.642 71
Cost of bonds 18. 865. 62
Cost of bank and railroad stocks.. . 473.504 If
Cash in banks . • 1.688,713 26
Bills receivable 5,367 79
■
5 151.517.973 11
j Lees agents' credit balances 10,907 5$
___________
161.807,067 53
Add—
; Interest due and accrued? 965.702 83
Rents due and accrued.. 12,572 27
Market value of stocks
and bonds over cost.... 1.065.953 64
Net uncollected and de- .
ferred premiums 333,456 99 -•"-.*'•
: $ 2.380,687 53
Gross assets, December 31, 1898.... 564, 187, 755 06
LIABILITIES.
Amount required to rein-
sure all > outstanding
> policies. net, com-
pany's standard $33,379,912 00
All other liabilities 1,235,903 20
' $56,665,843 20
• Surplus $ 7,521.903 SS
' . i ' ' ; : . ' '. - -
Ratio of expenses of management to
receipts in 1398 10.77 per cent
Policies in force December 31. 1898.
66.56:, insuring..... $158,078.850 00
JACOB L. GREENE, President.
JOHN M. TAYLOR. Vicc-Prest.
HERBERT H. WHITE, Secretary.
DANIEL H. WELLS, 'Actuary.
F. R. NOTES. General Agent.
A. K. P. HARMON, District Superintendent
Agencies. .
30-31-32 Mills building. Montgomery St., Vl
San Francisco, C_L
34
MONDAY ..FEBRUARY 27; 1899 1
\, i *
JOHN D. SPRECKELs^Proprietor.
Addr^All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868. '
EDITORIAL ROOMS *■? to 221 Stevenson Street
• Telephone Main ISM.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents. ;
.Terms by Mail. Including Posture:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year •"*2*!wl
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months B.OU
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 2 months l.»O
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «»e
SUNDAY CALL One Year *,•**"
WEEKLY CALL. One Year r#o °
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested-
OAKLAND OFFICE -TTZTT 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildlnfl
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE «*»**• »•■••
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE M*r«|«ette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clock 38T Hayes street, open untH
CiSO o-clocß. 62' McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 c'Clock
-194. Mission street, open until 10. o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 ° clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
. Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock'
>»JViU :.;.itNT*
r .M;mbla— ' The Sign of the Cross."
«'alif«>rnSa— "Xlagda." .
Alcazar-"The Uirl I Left Behind Me."
Tiv..li— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
iedy— "A Trip Across the Ocean."
Grand Opera House— Ellis Opera Company, Monday even-
in.c March 13.
Chutea and Ztoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions.
Olympia— Corner Maaoa and Ellis streets. Specials.
(VntnJ Park— The Steeplechase.
Alhambra— • Dewey the Hero of Manila," Monday evening-.
March 6.
Alhambra-Sousa Concerts, Friday evening. March 3.
Sherman-Clay Hall-Concert, Tuesday evening. February 28.
Lan-Clay Hail-Song Recitals. Thursd a y evening,
Marvh 2.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
• ' AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, February 27. at 13
o'clock. Real 'Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
BUSINESS BRISK AGfllN.
THE blizzard in the East having subsided busi
ness has resumed its normal proportions. This
is shown by the bank clearings, which ex
hibited a gain for the week of 37-7 per cent over
the same week in 1898. Baltimore showed an
increase of 129.5 per cent and New York one
of 4S per cent. Pittsburg, the seat of the iron
industry, made a handsome gain of 88 per cent.
Only three cities of importance recorded a' loss— San
Francisco. 23.7 per cent; Kansas City, 11. 5 per cent,
and New Orleans, 25.2. The loss in San Francisco
was doubtless due to the prolonged dry weather,
wtiich renders merchants cautious and disinclined to
undertake any new ventures until they see favorable
t:mes ahead.
Supporting the cheerful showing of the bank ex
changes there is the exhibit of failures, which were
191, against 233 for the same week in 1898. So, as
far as these two barometers of trade are concerned,
business is making a fine exhibit.
But there seems to be an incipient lull ahead.
What it will amount to it is impossible to say now.
It may not amount to anything and it may assume
visible proportions. It is a threatened check to our
export trade in consequence of the rise in prices in
some commodities. This is already apparent in the
iron trade, prices of which are up to the parity of
foreign markets, and some of the business which we
have hitherto enjoyed has gone abroad in conse
quence of this. Our domestic demand for iron and
steel, however, is immense and may be sufficient to
keep the market active even with a loss of some for
eign business, but if it should not then a slight shad
ing in quotations would doubtless bring the foreign
demand back again. No anxiety on this score is
shown by the manufacturers, especially as the works
are still crowded with orders reaching months ahead.
In any event, however, the American merchants
will not let the foreign trade slip out of their hands
if they can help it. Already the boot and shoe manu
facturers have taken time by the forelock and are
cutting prices 2% cents to keep the trade. Other lines
may have to follow.
Wall street showed some weakness during the
week and there was a pronounced disposition to raid
the market, but values made no serious break. The
spftness was probably the regularly recurrent reac
tion after a marked advance.
The local situation is quiet. Business is fair and
the merchants are not complaining more than usual,
but it lacks snap. The continued dry weather, while
not thus far alarming, is sufficiently protracted to
render everybody economical and careful about the
future. The situation has got to the gambling point.
If it rains within a few days the State will probably
harvest a very large crop of grain, which means mil
lions to it; but if the rain holds off a fortnight longer
it will come too late for some important districts, and
it is here that the gamble lies. The dry weather hav
ing apparently become chronic nobody has felt like
spending any more money than he can possibly help,
and this makes trade dull all over. We do not need
a great deal of rain to mature the grain crop, but we
r.eed some very soon.
The principal fluctuations of late have been in the
eating line. Meats of all kinds have gone up, and
cured provisions have advanced in sympathy with the
raw goods. To cap the climax the humble codfish
has suddenly become scarce all over the United States
and has gone up in a regular mining-stock way, to
the dismay of housekeepers. Every few days some
eatable or other goes up and it is beginning to cost
something for board.
Real estate feels the effect of the dry weather and
is dull, both in city and country- It is still a good
asset, however, and easily commands loans at the old
rates. Money continues plentiful and collections are
up to the average at this season of the year. There
have been no large failures for some time and the
small ones are not numerous. Local business is
helped along by Government orders for the Philip-
pines and the down-town streets exhibit their usual
activity, so we are in pretty good commercial shape
after all.
Nobody would in any measure weaken the Na
tional Guard, yet there seems to be in connection
with this branch of the public service more soft snaps
than are really necessary.
The contributor to an evening paper who styles his
department "On the Margin" should be more spe
cific. Lunacy has a margin.
Assemblyman Johnson has more tears on tap than
any other man in public life.
A BURNING CONTRAST.
\ J HEN Great Britain desires to produce an im
\ ■ / pression upon our country in favor of a com-
P*** mercial alliance to protect the "open door"
she is informally represented by a statesman, such as
Lord Charles Beresford. The position of an un
official representative of British diplomacy is far in
ferior to that of a Senator of the United States stand
ing for the restricted sovereignty of California, cov
ering a territorial area that exceeds the area of Great
Britain and Ireland by 73, W square miles, and for a
republic with jurisdiction between the Atlantic and the
Pacific on this continent over more than three million
square miles, or fully twenty-six times the extent,
with double the population, of the British Isles. When
these facts are observed by the 119 members of the
Legislature at Sacramento we invite them to institute
an intellectual and moral contrast between Dan Burns
and Lord Charles Beresford, so that the complete
degradation they are expected by the railroad to at
tach to the State may be fairly brought home to them.
But it is not essential for the legislators to limit
themselves to this startling comparison or to the sense
of humiliation that it must excite in all proud and in
telligent citizens. We have equivalents for Lord
Charles Beresford in California. The Call has al
ready shown the distinction, in qualifications and
character, between Dan Burns and Ulysses S. Grant
and the other candidates among whom more than
thirty votes have been distributed. Suppose the list
be extended so as to include such men as Chief Justice
Beatty, David Starr Jordan, W. W. Morrow and A.
P. Williams, whose names are indiscriminately se
lected, and as to each one of these gentlemen a
comparison be made between him and Dan Burns,
comprising every element, including honorable party
service, that can legitimately enter into a candidacy
for the Federal Senate. What would be the inevitable
result? The Call has asked that one single reason,
apart from monetary contributions, subserviency to
the railroad and association with corrupt municipal
politics, be assigned for the election of Burns, and the
question is met with dead silence. Now let the tests
already indicated be applied, and every voter in the
State will see whether there can be any palliation even
for a deadlock fastened upon the people by such a
man.
The low standard for inferior public officers applied
of late years, especially in a few of the Middle and
Western States, is treated at the East and in Europe
as proof of political degeneracy. When a man,
intellectually and morally deaf and dumb, without a
pretense to the favorable consideration of a great
party, and in a State producing the best type of man
kind, because he is backed by a railroad, can not
only force himself into the prominence of an aspirant
t& leadership in the highest national council, but hold
a Legislature for weeks in an iron grip, the demand
of the people becomes irresistible for complete vindi
cation by the prompt election of a Republican, a
statesman and a gentleman.
BREAKING A MONOPOLY.
JUDGE SEAWELL'S order that a peremptory
writ of mandate issue commanding the Board of
Supervisors to grant to the Mutual Electric
Light Company a permit according the same rights
and privileges as are conferred upon the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Light Company promises to
put an end to an oppressive monopoly and open the
way for a competition that will be of great benefit to
the community.
The decision is the outcome of an action brought
some time ago by the Mutual Electric Company to
annul a contract for lighting the streets which was
awarded to the rival company, the plaintiff alleging
that as the Supervisors granted the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Light Company the privilege of
running overhead wires in certain parts of the city,
while denying the privilege to other companies, the
privileged company enjoyed a virtual immunity from
competition. In that suit the Judge decided some
weeks ago that no legal contract could be awarded
unless the several bidders had equal privileges, and
the mandate issued on Saturday is in accord with the
law thus declared.
The decision is in harmony with the plainest dic
tates of justice. The grant to one company of privi
leges denied to competitors is virtually the establish
ment of a monopoly. In the particular case under
consideration the monopoly has been a heavy burden
upon the municipality and upon the people. It has
been estimated that in the item of public lighting
alone there has been a loss of thousands of dollars
yearly to the municipal treasury by reason of the
special privileges granted to the San Francisco Gas
end Electric Light Company, and of course there has
been a further loss to individuals, who have had to
pay exorbitant rates because competition was shut
out.
As the case stands under Judge Seawell's order if
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Light Company
is permitted to maintain any longer overhead electric
wires in any part of the city the same privilege must
be accorded to the competing company. In other
words the Supervisors have no authority to discrimi
nate in favor of one corporation against another.
This will enable the Mutual Company to compete with
the rival company in all parts of the city, and there
will be cheaper lighting not only for the municipality
but for private parties.
The decision will probably be far reaching in its
results. It puts an end to one of the methods by
which corporations, through the agency of compliant
Supervisors, have been enabled to shut out competi
tors and hold a monopoly in the city. Under the rule
as laid down by Judge Scawell that practice will be
broken up. No special, privileges can be granted
hereafter to favored companies. Public privileges
granted to one must be granted on equal terms to all.
It will be gratifying of course to have all overhead
electric wires removed from our streets. They are a
nuisance and a danger. So long as one lighting com
pany is permitted, however, to erect poles and string
them with wires others must have the same privilege.
No other course is in accordance with justice, reason,
law or expediency.
OUR TRADE WITH GERMANY.
WHILE the pleasant relations long existing be
tween the United States and Germany have*
been subjected to some strain of late by reason
of the antagonism of the German Agrarians to Amer
ican farm products and the hostile attitude taken by
many German newspapers toward the United States
during the war with Spain, it appears the commerce
between the two peoples has gone briskly forward and
increased as if there had been no friction whatever.
A recent publication of the Treasury Bureau of
Statistics shows that our trade with Germany, both
import and export, has been advancing steadily for
tl-e last ten years. A decade ago 10 per cent of our
imports were from Germany, while now over 13 per
cent come from that country, and the export trade
has increased in an even greater degree.
It is within the last year, however, during which the
sentimental friction lias been greatest that the com
mercial expansion has been most notable. From the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27. 1899.
statistics given it appears that in the last half of the
calendar year 1897 our exports to Germany were $32,
--632,122, and in the last half of the calendar year 1808
they were $40,615,770, an increase of nearly 25 per
cent. Our exports to Germany in the last half of the
heavy export year 1897 were $77,132,053. and in the
last half of 1898 they were $85,003,120.
It is to be noted, moreover, that even in meats and
breadstuffs, against which the Agrarians have directed
their strongest efforts, our exports to Germany have
increased. In salted or pickled beef the exportations
increased more than 25 per cent in 1898 over 1897.
Exports of bacon increased 25 per cent, or nearly
10,000,000 pounds; those of hams increased from less
than 5,000,000 pounds to nearly 12,000,000 pounds;
those of pork, fresh and salted, from less than 3,000,
--000 pounds to nearly 13,000,000 pounds; those of lard,
from 205,000,000 pounds to 238,000,000 pounds; while
in fruits and nuts the exports of 1898 were nearly 50
per cent in excess of those of 1896 and but slightly
below those of 1897.
It is evident from these statistics that trade is not
affected by sentimental considerations or by tempo-
rary controversies. The Agrarians may denounce
American meats and fruits, but the masses of the
German people continue to consume them, and the
commerce shown to be so rapidly increasing may
eventually reach proportions hardly inferior to that
we now carry on with Great Britain.
THE POSTOFFICE BUILDING.
CONGRESSMAN KAHN returns from Wash
ington as a bearer of good news. He talks
cheerfully of everything he saw or heard at the
national capital except the blizzards, and being now
safe from them in the sunshine of California his views
of things are bright and optimistic.
He reports the California delegation to be "solid,"
and expresses the belief that with the continuance
of the unanimity of sentiment which now exists we
will be able to obtain for California interests the
recognition they merit from the Government. As
an evidence of what has been accomplished in that
direction he points to the fact that the river and har
bor bill carries with it appropriations for California
of $1,250,000, the largest amount granted for improve
ments in the State for many years.
Mr. Kahn furthermore confirms the report given
out some time ago that the President has planned a
visit to the Pacific Coast during the coming summer
or fall, and will undoubtedly undertake it unless some
emergency now unforeseen and improbable should in
terfere to prevent.
The most interesting report he makes, however, is
that relating to the long-delayed construction of the
Postoffice building. We are told not only that the
work of erecting the edifice will begin speedily, but
that the structure itself will not be the barrack-like
edifice that it looks in the drawings which have been
sent out. On that subject Mr. Kahn is quoted as
saying:
'•Before leaving Washington I received most posi
tive assurances from high officials that the construc
tion of the new Postoffice building would soon begin
and be prosecuted with energy from now on. Before
the end of the year the first story of the building will
be up. The appropriation for the building is $500,000,
and the supervising architect of the Treasury says
that, while no radical changes could be made in the
plans which have been heretofore approved, the
wishes of the people of San Francisco would be re
garded as far as possible and such changes made as
Fie compatible with the architectural beauty of the
structure. The architect pledges his professional
reputation that the Federal building now being
erected in San Francisco will be one of the most im
posing structures in America. As provided in the
original specifications nothing but California material
is to be used in the new Postoffice. Granite and marble
will both be used. Some revision has been made in
the specifications, which were about completed whert
I left the capital, and proposals for bids will probably
be advertised within a week. Then as soon as Con
gress adjourns and the half-million appropriation is
available the construction of the building will be pro
ceeded with and continue without cessation until fin
ished."
It is to be hoped the architect who stakes his repu
tation that the building will be one of the most "im
posing" in America did not mean it is to be a case
of imposing on the city, as it looked like at one time.
We have waited so long for the structure that the
people will be glad to see the work begin under any
circumstances, and if it proves to be a really noble
edifice there will be something like a festival among
the citizens when it is completed.
Another batch of sailors have arrived in port with
tales of the suffering they endured during the voyage.
They have made their complaints, and they will ship
the first chance they get, leaving the complaint to take
care of itself. Such is the usual course.
President Zelaya down in Nicaragua does not seem
to like the people of the United States, and while they
do not care much about him one way or another, the
feeling of distaste will become mutual if he gets any
fresher.
Just because a babe happens to be born at the Re
ceiving iiospital is no reason for fastening upon it
the name of Thomas Demosthenes Maher Smith.
i yen a portionless infant has some rights.
A man who tried to commit suicide, but missed His
heart, says that for some time he had been practicing
with haystacks for targets. Evidently he misjudged
the size of his heart.
Notwithstanding the poppy has not the honor of
being the State flower, its privilege of blooming in
golden profusion has been in no measure curtailed.
Probably no man was ever yet elected United States
Senator on the threats of his backers to shoot the
opposition if it did not stop opposing.
It is difficult to figure out where the Filipinos ex
pect to reap profit by burning Manila. So far they
have reaped little but hasty burial.
No eulogy delivered over the sort of beef that
killed the soldiers in Cuba can induce the public to
believe it a wholesome article.
Johnson of Indiana may think he is a Republican,
but the basis of his faith is something no man of or
dinary perception can discern.
It might be judged from casualty reports from
Manila that the Filipinos are limited to the use of
blank ammunition.
Doubtless a deadlock is a, nuisance, but there is a
wise precept teaching that of two evils the less should
be chosen.
Bob Burdette is about to marry a rich widow. It is
hard to think of Burdette as serious, but this is no
joke.
Senator Simpson's burden seems greater than he
can bear. Sometimes a burden is vulgarly known as
a load.
IN MEMORIAM: DAN O'CONNELL.
Pastoral poet, lyric, always young!
As showery weather upon dark brown heath,
Or earliest bird tones springing at a breath,
To meet morn's music, shalt thou go unsung?
No, Dan! T~e chimes that never yet were sung
Are rung for thee in those far realms above,
Where, as 'tis understood, all things are love —
Thine, above all, for everything that swung
In nature's cradle, genial, jovial guest
And host, enjoying earth's life as it went —
To thee, farewell! And may thy soul go on
On easier paths than it did tread upon
In this dim sphere. Thou'rt reckoned with the best
That ever fingers to a pencil bent.
Februray 25, 1899. ROBERT DUNCAN MILNE.
THIRD SESSION
OF ST. PATRICK'S
DAY CONVENTION
Perfecting Plans for
the 17th.
TIVOLI THEATER SECURED
FIRST REHEARSAL OF THE
GRAND VOCAL CHORUS.
Governor Gage Will Preside at the
Robert Emmet Celebration at
Metropolitan Temple Next
Saturday Night.
Delegates to the St. Patrick's Day Con
vention of 1899 met yesterday afternoon at
Red Branch Hall, 220 Mason street, to
perfect arrangements for the grand cele
bration on the afternoon and evening of
March 17. Added to the usual attendance
was the following delegates from the
Ladies' Auxiliary, Ancient Order of Hi
bernians: Miss H. Filzpatrick, Mrs. J. J.
Donovan, Mrs. H. Mulverhill, Mrs. J. J.
Moran, Miss Josephine Dillon, Mrs. J. M.
McGinnis, Mrs. Henry Healy, Mrs. k.
Butters, Mrs. C. B. Flannigan, Mrs. A.
Kerr. Miss K. Leahy and Miss M. * oley.
The following communication was re
ceived by the convention:
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 25, 1899.
To the St. Patrick Day Convention of 1899
—Gentlemen: On Saturday evening, March
4. the Knights of the Red Branch will
give an entertainment at Metropolitan
Temple in commemoration of the 121 st an
niversary of the birth of Robert Emmet.
The proceeds will be given to the Ninety
eight Centennial and Monument Association
to enable it to make up the amount which
they promise to Bend to Ireland. Gov
ernor Gage will preside on that occasion,
and Mayor Phelan will deliver the ora-
Uiider the circumstances it is desirable
that a full house should greet the cnier
executives of the State and city who come
to co-operate with us in honoring the
memory of Emmet's crowning sacrifice.
Each person should feel a personal interest
and pride in showing, by his presence, that
our devotion to Emmet's memory is not
weakened by time, but is still fresh and
green in the hearts of his countrymen.
We confidently rely on your co-operation
to make this event a success. *°ura re
spectfully. Jeremiah Mahoney. Richard C.
O'Connor, Daniel C. Deasy. Committee of
"98 Centennial and Monument Association.
The general admission to the Emmet en
tertainment will be 25 cents, with reserved
seats at 50 cents. »»_*_._«.•-
Chairman Broderick of the St. Patrick s
day executive committee reported the
Tivoli had been secured for the afternoon
entertainment. The programme had not
been completed in detail, but. aside from
the oration and poem of the convention,
would consist of an appropriate comedy of
about an hour's duration, with specialties
by the principal members of the Tivoli
stock company. The tickets of admission
will be at the usual prices, 25 cents gen
eral and 50 cents for reserved seats. These
tickets will bear the seal of the Youths
Directory and will be sold at ten different
places in the city.
For the grand evening entertainment at
Mechanics' Pavilion 10.000 tickets will be
printed, bearing the seal of the Youths
Directory, and they will be sold at the Pa
vilion box office and by the members of
the convention. Different organizations
desiring tickets will procure them under
the above ruling of the convention. This
arrangement was agreed upon to guard
against the mixing of the day and even
ing tickets. No reserved seats will be
sold for the Pavilion, 25 cents being the
admission to all part of the auditorium.
The committee on music reported that
Bennett's Band had been engaged for
the evening. It is composed of the same
musicians that were in attendance at the
Irish Fair. The principal piece? of music
so far chosen were "God Save Ireland,"
"Killarney." "Dear Little Shamrock,"
and Professor McKenzie's "My Own Lit
tle Boy," dedicated to the Youths' Direc
tory. The melodies will close with the
"Star Spangled Banner" by the entire
audience. The rehearsals of the grand
chorus of 500 voices are progressing and
by the 17th all will be ready. Professor
McKenzif desires all singers to call upon
him at 524 Eddy street, and to meet for
practice at St. Joseph's Hall, Tenth and
Howard streets, Wednesday evening. The
etereopticon views for the evening will be
unusually interesting.
Lights for Precita Valley.
The Precita Valley Improvement Club
Is gradually accomplishing everything it
has outlined for the betterment of the
district. An assurance was Riven by the
city officials that Bernal Park would be
placed in a "park condition" during the
present fiscal year. Following this the gas
company notified the property owners that
mains would be laid on Folsom street and
Precita avenue immediately. Light would
be available for the houses and streets as
soon as the work was finished. Not to be
outdone in generosity the underwriters
signified their intention of reducing the
rates on all policies within the area
covered by the fire protection. The Bryant
street sewer "ghost" that has been a
source of annoyance to the club and the
residents for a number of years will be
abated by reletting the contract to a man
who will make the connections with the
Army street sewer without further loss
of time.
Spoke of Higner Womanhood.
At the lecture delivered before the Theo
sophieal Society last night in the building
of the Academy of Sciences, Mrs. H. H.
Somers spoke on the subject of "The
Higher Womanhood." Her remarks were
concise and to the point, and the handling
of her subject showed great study and re
search.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestibulod
Bleepers, obssrvatlon cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company's
oftlce. 628 Market st. *
"Mrs. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup"
Hrs been usrd for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. ' Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the worst
cold In twelve hours or money refunded. At
Owl DniK Co.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. C. Stettler of Dayton, Ohio, is at the
Grand.
W. S. Berdan Jr. of Portland is at the
Occidental.
W. A. Murphy of St. Paul is at the
Occidental.
A. N. McClure, U. S. A., is registered at
the Palace.
William S. Clark of Eureka is a guest
at the Grand.
Daniel Healy of Sacramento is a guest
at the Grand.
George J. Cote of St. Louis is staying
at the Palace.
J. T. Campbell of St. Louis is a guest at
the Occidental.
H. G. Smith of Mexico arrived at the
Grand yesterday.
Attorney W. F. George of Sacramento
Is at the Grand.
Ambrorio Triondo of Mexico is a guest
at the Occidental.
E. F. Kellner from Arizona is reglscered
nt the Occidental.
R. B. Jack, a banker of San Luis Obis
po, is at the Palace.
C. R. Baxter of Grand Rapids, Mich., is
staying at the Grand.
E. C. Morritt of Santa Rosa Is regis
tered at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Mason of San Jose
are staying at the Lick.
Robert Weiss of Budapesth, Hungary,
is a guest at the Palace.
W. D. Duke of Nevada is registered at
the California yesterday.
Mrs. F. K. Fox of Washington, D. C,
is at the Lick with friends.
James Simpson, a lumber merchant
from Eureka, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Kaufman of Portland ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
E. C. McClellan, a civil engineer from
Visalia, is a guest at the Lick.
J. Dempsey and daughters of Michigan
have taken apartments at the Palace.
H. M. Mclntosh, president of the Pro
duce Fruit Company of Chicago, is at the
Palace.
J. E. Calley, a merchant of Nevada
City, accompanied by his wife, is in the
city for a few days.
Mi. and Mrs. A. D. Pierce Jr. of Bridge
port, Conn., are among the recent ar
rivals at the Palace.
Theodore C. Marceau, the photographer,
returned from his European trip last
evening and is at the Palace.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
There are fifty-three various types of
water-tube boilers in use in merchant and
naval steamers of the maritime nations.
A contract for a pair of twin-screw en
gines of 30,000 horsepower has been given
by the British Admiralty to Humphrys &
Tennajit. They are for one of the eight
14,100-ton armored cruisers about to be
built, and will be the most powerful en
gineß yet put in any vessel.
The distinguished Mitsui family contem
plates establishing a large ship building
plant at Kyusha, with a capital of $15,
--000,000, for the purpose of building war
ships for the Government. A foreign
ship building company, it is said, has
joined the Mitsui house in the undertak
ing.
The torpedo-boat destroyer Bittern,
built at the yard at Vickers, at Barrow
passed through a three hours' trial on
January 23. The boat was down to a mean
draught of 6 feet 9Vi inches and made
30.403 knots with 220 pounds of steam. 39 J
revolutions, developing 6659 horsepower.
The contract called for 6000 horsepower
and 30 knots.
The encouragement offered by the lead
ing naval powers to shipowners having
their vessels constructed in a manner to
meet the requirements of auxiliary cruis
ers is a very ancient idea, and was formu
lated by Henry VIII, the father of the
British navy, and dates about 380 years
ago. Merchant ships built so as to be
suitable for war purposes were to receive
12 shillings a month when taken into
service, and were also exempted from cer
tain duties.
Drydock building is rapidly increasing in
the Orient, one having recently been com
pleted at Kure Naval Port, Japan, which
will accommodate a 15,000-ton ship. At
Kalochou, the new German territory in
China, the Germania Works of Mr. Krupp
is said to be likely to get the contract
for building a dock able to take in the
largest German battleship. The scheme
has not yet been officially announced, but
the cost of the dock is Included in tho
sum of $2,125,000 granted for Kaiochou for
1?99.
An engineer In the Swedish navy has mi
i vented a method of steering torpedoes by
! means of the X-rays. The invention con
| sists of two small apparatuses — one a gen
| erator and the other a receiver. The re-
I ceiver Is placed in the torpedo, and by a
simple arrangement the steering is con
ducted by the operator on board ship
; or elsewhere, who retains possession of
the generator. It is stated also that the
I invention can be adapted to other pur
j poses, such as signaling, etc. No connect
; ing wire is used, but the exact particulars
of the construction and working of the
instruments are kept a secret for the
present.
General Caprivi. ex-Chancellor of Ger
mnny. who died February 6. this year.
i was chief of the Admiralty from ISS4 until
; 1889, having succeeded General yon Stosch.
I Neither of these generals knew anything
; about nautical affairs, but the German
navy In its infancy was held of secondary
importance to the army, and the Emper
or's idea was to engraft military disci
pline on the young navy. Caprlvi's admin
istration was a success; he instituted
training squadrons and he created a large
! and finer torpedo flotilla than belonged to
' any other naval power, his idea being thac
the German navy should be chiefly for
home defense rather than for distant ag
gression. This policy did not meet with
the approval of the young Emperor, and
Caprivi was advanced to Chancellor, and
Rear Admiral yon Heuener was made
i Minister of Marine, and the navy has
! since then been under the control of naval
j officers and Is no longer looked down
upon. ,
DR. JORDAN SET RIGHT.
Editor of The Call: In The Call of to
day (Saturday) is a note from Stockton
of a story I told as to an American envoy
'In France and a cuspidor. The story Is
| true but the reporter has located it with
the \at<» Peace Commission, which is his
addition. The incident took place several
years ago. Kindly make the correction If
| worth while. DAVID S. JORDAN.
1 Stanford University. Feb. 26. 1899.
CALIFORNIA'S
FRUITS AT THE
BIG EXPOSITION
Oscar Polack Gives
Good Advice.
" ■■■
SHOULD EXHIBIT AT PARIS
SAYS SHIPPERS MUST AVOID
FALSE LABELING.
The State's Products Able to Stand on
Their Own Merits— Germany
May Be Induced to Re
move Restrictions.
Oscar Polack, a heavy Hamburg Im
porter of California products, is making
his annual visit to this State for the pur
pose of negotiating large purchases of
fruit for shipment to German*. Mr. Po
lack is enthusiastic over the projected dis
play of our products at the Paris Ex
position next year, and is desirous of see
ing them exhibited on an elaborate scale.
He has just returned from v tour of ob
servation throughout the Santa Clara and
San Joaquin Valleys and was at the Pal
ace yesterday. He left on a similar mis
sion to the southern part of the State in
the afternoon. When seen before his de
parture, Mr. Polack «aid:
"I hope that the California exhibitors at
the Paris fair will take a lesson from the
Hamburg Exposition of 1897, and see to it
that no partiality be shown to any one
exhibitor. At the latter exposition the
commissioner from this State took it upou
himself to recommend one firm to intend
ing purchasers. This is a manifest in
justice to the other firms who have gouo
to the trouble and expense of exhibiting
their goods. Let the exhibitors co-operata
to make a grand display, and let the merit
of each be an incentive to those who wish
to buy. Let not one firm benefit by the
recommendation of the commissioner, but
let all have an equal chance.
"I would suggest that the commissioner
establish a bureau of information at his
headquarters and that exhibitors, in addi
tion to giving away samples, also dispose
of small packages of the products, which
I am surt will find ready sale, and by
that nuans help to liquidate their ex
penses.
"I believe that a proper display will
have the effect of assuring a brilliant fut
ure for this States products in foreign
marts.
"California growers should also see to it
that when they export their goods there
should be nothing misleading in the labels.
There appears to be a laxity of method in
the labeling, 'prime 1 and 'fancy' being
used indiscriminately, and 'choice' being
applied to fine yellow apricots, for mi
i stance, as well as to the black and poorer
I grade Then, too, they should guard
i against having their cases branded as I
-aw some once in a Hamburg warehouse.
On one end of the case was printed Ital
ian prunes,' while on the other end read
'Fancy California prunes.' They came
from a New York firm and had been put
up by the Vancouver Packing Company
of Vancouver, B. C. I took them to be
Oregon prunes from the thick skin and
large pit but the flavor was good, though
sfilhtly acid. This conflict of labeling
should be stopped, for it tends to shake
confidence in the shipper.
"I think that by concerted action on the
part of California shippers the recent re
striction placed on their fruit by the Ger
man Government could be modified, if not
removed entirely. This decree in regard
to infested fruit is very sweeping and
makes no distinction between the dead
and the live scale. That is why it ope
rates so haVshly against this country
We are well aware that the scale if it
exists, is utterly destroyed by the drying
or dipping process, as in the case of
prunes: But Germany has not provided
for this and consequently the sh pper suf
fers France has adopted similar meas
ures' and Switzerland. I am sorry to see.
prohibits any California fruit entering
fts boundaries. United States Consul
Germain for Switzerland could not pre
vent the passage of the drastic law.
though he made strenuous objections.
"In regard to the late shipment of pears
to Hamburg from this port, which preclp -
tated the exclusion by Germany of fruit
infested with the so-called San Jose scale
I regret to say that it was first discovered
by the authorities in a shipment to me. A
second consignment suffered the same
fate and I hope that the steps taken by
the Regents of the California University
to secure Federal inspection will result
successfully. .
"To avoid unpleasant difficulties the
goods should be properly cured, as the
trip to Europe is 60 long that fermenta
tion is quite likely to occur if they are not
originally in proper condition. I must in
veigh also against the mixing of French
and California prunes. The industry of
this State has nothing to gain by this
questionable practice and will probably
lose in the long run.
"In regard to this year's California crop
I believe it will equal, if not surpass, that
of last season, though I have found the
country pretty dry in my visit throughout
the interior. Still with irrigation, which
has already commenced, a great deal will
be accomplished. This year I anticipate
that Hamburg will require one thousand
carloads of fruit, principally prunes, and
Antwerp and Bremen will each take a
similar amount. Prices will probably
rule as in 1897, though a great deal will
depend on the crop. France has a light
crop of very small prunes this year and
the large California prunes will be in
great demand in foreign markets, and this
fact may have a tendency to elevate
prices."
A souvenir of our Golden State. Old Mis
sions in California, flre-etched on boxes of
Townsend's California Glace Fruits, 60c
pound. 627 Market street, Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Probably the most inflammable among
substances which are not spontaneously
inflammable is phosphuretted hydrogen
(PH3). The heat of a thin jelass tube con
taining boiling water Is quite sufficient
to ignite this gas.
000000000000000000
o ''■ • r °
• Wells, Fargo 5
I & Company g
0 Respectfully inform the bus/- j*
q ness as we/1 as the general q
O public that on :».?. q
o MONDAY, February 27, 1899, |
o o
© THE EXPRESS °
O ■■. .:-'■■■■ :'-''^-' ■' ©
O Will be ready for the conduct of °
° business in ®
| THEIR NEW BLOCK, I
o Bounded by Second, Mission, q
o , New Anthony and Cheney "• - o
2 Streets. .; v 2
o H. W. TITUS, o
°. '■■-._ ■...■- . : General Agent. ©
000000000000000000FOSTUM CEREAL.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®^®
| Soldiers I
1 Awheel. 5
•® ®
® >t ®
When the Military Bicycle Corps were approaching ®
.® Washington, D. C, in their run from Chicago and after several ®
® days of wet and mountainous roads, a party of Washington @
®- bicyclists went out to meet and escort the weary ! ! ! travelers ®
J| in. But they found a husky band of warriors loaded with ®.
.©personal accoutrements and speedy enough to "Burn up the @
® Road," and leave the escort of experts to trail in later on. ®
® ®
® The Soldier boys trained to ®
® ....a man 0n.... ®
1 POSTUM sss"- I
I COFFEE, •
® • ®
®® ®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
HOTEL MEN
TO GO AFTER
BUNKO SHARPS
Say the Police Should
Protect Guests.
GAME GETTING TOO FREQUENT
WILL ACT AGAINST THE "SURE
THING"' FRATERNITY.
Major Hooper of the Occidental Says
His Watchmen Had Their Special
Licenses Taken Away by
Department.
■ The three stories published exclusively
In The Call within the past three weeks
regarding the operations of bunko steer
( rs at the Occidental, Palace and Califor
nia hotels have aroused the proprietors to
a sense of the danger to which their guile
less guests are subjected by the machina
tions of the "sure-thing fraternity." They
claim, with just reason, that they are en
• titled to the protection which the law
affords the tax-paying citizen and that
■the protection is not forthcoming. They
• say that Individual cases are reported to
. the police, but nothing is done with the
. swindlers.
' On the other hand the police claim that
It is utterly impossible to convict the con
.. fidenoe men unless the victim remains to
y against them. In the majority oi.
i he latter is a traveling man, and is
t bilged to go away on business or for rea
sons of policy. The most that can be
: - done, according to the police, is to im
• prison the bunko men on charges of va
grancy or order them to leave town. This
they say is done every day.
Major Wiliam B. Hooper of the Occi
■•• dental Hotel expressed himself in no un
■ • certain terms regarding the proposition.
••I claim," said he, "that the traveling
• public is entitled to the protection of the
police against these designing individuals
who prey on it. There was a time when
I was in a position to take care of them
myself. That was when my day and night
watchmen had special police licenses. The
• department took them away on some pre
text or other and left me comparatively
helpless in case of a disturbance or the
operations of the bunko steerers. uhy
does not the officer on the beat take a
. look in my hotel now and then? He prob
ably knows some of the men and could
use his authority as in such cases made
and provided. I think the hotel men
should combine and take measures to free
their houses from the obnoxious class of
General R. H. Warfleld of the California
would not say that the police had been re
miss in their duty regarding the bunko
men. "I think," said he, "that the police
: are doing their duty In the matter. In
the case of the guest of this hotel who
was bled for $250 the sergeant on this beat
came around and appeared to know the
guilty men, and I thought from the way
he spoke he would have them in custody.
Whether he has or not 1 do not know. 1
think that the police should aid the hotel
croprietors in protecting their guests from
euch happenings. We take all the precau
tions in the world to avoid them, but they
will happen. We have informed guests
of the dangerous character of these men,
but have been told to mind our own af
fairs and the men who have been warned
' deliberately went with the bunko steerers
and parted with more or les3 money. I
believe that summary action should be
taken with the undesirable class, and ff
they cannot be convicted they should be
ordered to leave, town within twenty-four
hours."
■Wanted Her Moneys Worth..
Mrs. Hattie Skank, a domestic, was ar-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_
REMIND
YOU '
That we are the leading Cut-
•'-•• Rate Druggists we mention
. . a few prices :
Vtn Marian! '.'.'.\'.'.Y.'.'.'.'.'.'.'?*tZ<i
Pe-ru-na §*°
IPepto Man'gan ••••••' |0c
Palne's Celery Compound.... 60c
" Lydla Pinkham's Compound 70c
Pierces Prescription ••••• ™c
•La Blache Powder 30°
Malvina Cream ••■•■•■ S°
California Syrup of Figs 350
• Scott's Emulsion ••••••• 'Jc
-gcotfs Emutelnn '°c
" ' Bythlnla Water .....••• .:••;.; -"*
.. Hunyadl Water ...A ........... • . ... 2*5
TRUSSES ..........From Tsc un
"• • Silk Stockings ••••••• «25
Obesity Belts -ii'nn'VV? 123'
Galvanic Batteries MOO t0. 525
Sole Agents for the
'} TESLA ELECTRIC BELT,
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
- Nppfawa
, * >^949-95FMARKferSt
rested yesterday by Detective Graham on
a warrant and "booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny. She was
employed for two days In the bouse of At
torney Pistolesi. 1110 Filbert street, and
left, taking with her some clothing and
Jewelry belonging to Mrs. Pistolesi. Mrs.
Skank" says that Mrs. Pistolesi promised
her $25 for some advice and because she
refused to give her the money after act
ing upon the advice she took the clothing
and jewelry to recoup her.
"THE WOMAN PREACHEB."
A Sermon by Staff Captain Dunham
of the Salvation Army.
Staff Captain Mrs. Dunham, training
mother of the Home Cadets of the Salva
tion Army, led the meeting yesterday at
the headquarters, 1135 Market street. Mrs.
Dunham, who is an eloquent and pleas
ing speaker, was recently transferred
from Los Angeles to this post. Her work
principally has been in the training of
young Salvationists, and many of the
youthful corps officers of the organization
have been fitted for their future labors
under her careful instruction.
Captain Dunham's subject yesterday
was "Woman's Right to Preach." She j
took for her text Christ's command to
Mary to go down into the city of Jeru
salem and declare his resurrection. From
this, if from no other divine authority,
woman may know that she has a speak
ing part in the great plan of human salva
tion. She has been given "a ready, swift
and tuneful tongue." to be used to tell
the story of the redemption. Mary told
that the Savior had arisen and that
woman's voice has rang down the centur- !
les the herald of Christianity. Paul said:
"Let the woman keep silent that the law
of man, not the law of God, might be
kept." This was an ordinance of an old
dispensation to pass away before the
coming of the new that was ushered in
with Christ. This was the dawn of
woman's suffrage, and from the rostrum
of the church she has preached the word j
side by side with her brother preacher. |
Her right to preach was the first author- I
ity given by Christ after he arose from
the dead.
■ ♦ ■
BANNON'S BOLD BLUFF.
He Pretended That He Had Taken
Carbouc Acid.
"I've taken carbolic acid, for God's sake |
get a doctor!"
Thus spoke "Pat" Bannon. a notorious :
south of Market street tough, last night. ;
as. he rolled on the floor of his home at
Eleventh and Harrison streets, apparently I
In agony. His sister, to whom he spoke, j
thinking he was dying, hurriedly tele- j
phoned to the Receiving Hospital. When
the ambulance reached the scene Bannon ,
was breathing heavily and groaning as
though in great pain. He was hurriedly j
placed in the ambulance and conveyed to
the Receiving Hospital. Steward Joe Mo- :
i gan suspecting that Bannon was • sham-
I ming, vigorously slapped his face. With
| an oath Bannon jumped off the table and i
I aimed a blow at Policeman Morton, who :
accompanied him in the ambulance.
Morton seized him, and as Bannon I
forced him up against the oxygen tank
Patrol Wagon Driver Sullivan struck the
infuriated drunk in the jaw, almost i
knocking him out. He was then escorted
to the City Prison and charged with
drunkenness.
~*~ —
Connecticut Mutual's Fifty-third Re- !
port.
There is never a dry word in the annual j
reports of the president of the Connect!- j
cut Mutual Life Insurance Company; the i
fifty-third report, made public to-day, is j
filled, from opening line to signature, with j
the most trenchant analysis of the false ]
methods of insurance followed up by the |
so-called great corporations which labor j
for big showings without regard to the ]
interest of the policy-holders. The Con- |
necticut Mutual is founded upon the most \
conservative and strictly fair business i
principles, its object being to protect j
Its policy-holders' interests by affording
them the cheapest, safest insurance in I
the world. How completely this is done
the annual report shows convincingly. In |
fifty-three years the company has re- !
ceived nearly $2113,000,000; has returned to j
policy-holders or their beneficiaries over
$195,000,000, and shows total assets on Jan
uary 1 last of upward of $64,000,- ]
less than that of any other company; its i
dividends to its members higher, and its j
insurance therefore less whole and mdi- i
vidually than in any other company. These |
are the essential points which appeal to
the insuring community; when they see,
conclusively, how completely the Con
necticut Mutual meets these require
ments, they at once give it their largest
measure of confidence.
. ♦ . :
Rabbi Voorsanger Lectures at the i
Congregational Church.
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger delivered a lee- |
ture at the Fourth Congregation Church !
last evening on the subject "The Es- |
sentials of Religion." This was the third '
of a series of six lectures on the subject I
to be given by thinkers of the city who !
view religion from different philosophi
cal, theological and ecclesiastical stand
points. The lecture next Sunday evening
will be by G. W. Dickie, manager of the
Union Iron Works.
Rabbi Voorsanger compared religion to
a structure. The first essential he said
was a solid foundation and that of re
ligion was the recognition and acknowl
edgment of an Almighty God. The super
structure of a religion should be pleas-
Ing and should have nothing about it
which would prevent those or other re
ligions from entering it. The word wel
come should be over the door and all
should be made to realize that the struc
j ture was the home of the children of
I God. Three pillars which should support j
! the structure and be essential to its exis- i
I tence are: Law, worship of God and lov- j
1 ing kindness.
. ♦ •
A Red Wine Fire.
A fire broke out in the kitchen of the
Washington Restaurant, at 629 Washing
ton street, owned by John Roccatagata i
shortly after midnight. The place was
! full of the proprietor's iriends quaffing:
' much red wine and the flames drove them
1 all into the street. Before the fire w«W |
subdued by the department the printing, <
' office of Mrs. J. H. Knarston and the San '
Francisco Cigar Company's factory in the ;
building were damaged. The total loss is j
about $1000.
-•"•
Christian Commission Work.
An entertaining lecture, ilustrated by j
stereopticon views, was given by N. H. j
Jacks at Y. M. C. A. Hall yesterday aft- !
ernoon. The subject was the work of the
Christian commission with the United !
States army during the recent war. The |
I views were from scenes among the camps
In ...is country, in Cuba and at Manila. ;
The work of the commission is in charge j
of Messrs. Jackson and Gunz of this city,
who are stationed at Manila.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address New York. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1899.
NEW MARINE WAYS FOR THE SHIPWRIGHTS' UNION
■ * FTER years of fighting between the Shipwrights' Association and the firm of Hay & Wright over ■
A the employment of union men the association has decided to carry the war into Egypt. It has se
% A cured a site in the India basin and will build marine ways, like the above, thereon, and will enter 3
$ into competition with Hay & Wright. |
SHIPWRIGHTS
WILL BUILD
MARINE WAYS
A Long Fight Settled
in That Way.
GOOD SITE IN INDIA BASIN
WORK OF CONSTRUCTION TO BE
BEGUN AT ONCE.
The British Ship Talus and the Bark
Ceylon Meet in Collision—Sail
ing of the TTansport
Roanoke.
Another set of marine ways are to be
built in San Francisco Bay. They are to
be located in the Indian Basin, will ac
commodate vessels of from 1600 to 1800
tous burden and will be owned by the
Shipwrights' Association of this port. The
site for the ways has already been se
cured the plans and specifications pre
pared' and the work of building will begin
this week.
Behind this venture there is quite a
story. The Shipwrights' Association and
the ship-building firm of Hay & Wright
have been at outs for many years. The
members of the association assert that
the firm will persist in employing "scab"
labor at reduced wagea and are thus do
ing the shipwrights a great injustice.
Delegations from the union have called
upon Alexander Hay from time to time,
but no satisfactory conclusion could ever
be reached. Then the shipwrights got up
an address to the shipowners, which was
largely circulated along the front. The
owners were in sympathy with the union
and all declared that they were willing to
pay union wages and have the work done
in a union yard by union men, but that
Hay & Wright had the marine ways and
the facilities and therefore they were ob
liged to patronize them.
This brought the Shipwrights' Associa
tion to a full realization of the situation.
It was plain to the members that if they
wanted to earn a living and keep up union
wages they would have to build marine
ways and enter into competition with Hay
& Wright. A meeting was held and 100
members agreed to subscribe $500 each tor
the purpose named and a committee was
appointed to see what could be done in
the circumstances. The committee was
composed of Thomas McConnell, J. How
son, A. Alexander, R. Camuffo. Denis
Flynn and James McKibben. McConnell
is president of the association, Howson
has Just completed the four-masted
schooner A. J. West at Grays Harbor, and
Alexander is an expert on marine ways.
The tirst thing the committee did was
to write to Moran Bros, of Seattle, as it
was rumored that that firm wanted to sell
its marine ways as it was about to build
a floating dock. A reply was received
stating that the marine ways were not
for sale as Moran Bros, are going to ope
rate both floating dock and ways.
It was then the shipwrights decided to
build for themselves. A frontage on the
water front extending 400 feet along India
street from H street in South San Fran
cisco was secured. The' lots are 150 feet
deep and back of them the union has se
cured six more lots on Seventh avenue,
between H and G streets. On these ways
designed by A. Alexander will be built
and machinery put in, after which the
shipwrights will be ready for business.
"Our plans are now all completed and
work will begin at once," said President
McConnell yesterday. "We had a most
enthusiastic meeting to-day (Sunday) at
which nearly every member was present
and it was decided to push right ahead
with the work. The ways will be located
just midway between the sugar refinery
and Hunter's Point drydock, where we
will have a depth of 20 feet of water at
any stage of the tide. We will handle all
descriptions of vessels and will be able to
take up anything that comes along except
a heavy iron ship or big steamer. '
"We are not going to run the ways to
drive the bosses out of business. Any
boss employing union men can have the
use of the ways at a slight advance on
the cost of maintaining them. We do not
seek to make them a money-making con
cern, but the men puttinp their cash into
them will be satisfied with a very small
return. In a few months we will be able
to go before the ship-owners of the port
and say. 'Gentlemen, the last time we
called upon you you expressed yourselves
as being in favor of union men and union
wages, but as we had no marine ways you
were compelled to use a yard employing
scab labor. We have now gone to the ex
pense of erecting the best set of marine
ways in the Pacific and hope you will
patronize them.' I think we will get their
work and uphold union principles at the
same time."
The bark Ceylon, from Honolulu, and
the British ship Talus, from Cardiff, were
in collision inside the heads yesterday
morning. The captains of the vessels tell
conflicting stories, each claiming that the
other ran him down. Both vessels were
sailing in, and after passing through the
heads the wind fell light and the Talus
came to anchor. The captain of the Cey
lon says the accident happened before the
Talus dropped her anchor, but Captain
Stenhouse says his ship was swinging to
her anchor when the Ceylon ran into him.
"While drifting in between the heads,"
said Captain Miller of the Ceylon, "we
were in collision with the British ship
Talus. There was no wind and the Talus
was also drifting. Her stem struck the
Ceylon between the fore and main rig
ging on the starboard side and carried
away forty feet of our bulworks besides a
number of stanchions and a big piece of
our rail."
"When off the heads at 9:20 a. m.," said
Captain Stenhouse, "the wind fell light,
so we let go the starboard anchor in
thirty-five fathoms of water and paid out
fifty fathoms of chain. After we had
swung to the flood tide the bark Ceylon
drifted in and collided with the Talus.
The bark struck the ship on the star
board quarter, and while no damage ap
parently was done to the Talus, the Cey
lon had her bulwarks stove in and part
of her rail carried away."
The British ship Riversdale arrived
from Hamburg yesterday. On January
2 last Captain Griffiths spoke the British
ship Dimsdale, from Astoria for Queens
town, with her foretopgallant mast gone.
The transport Roanoke sailed for Ma
nila yesterday with a full cargo of sup
plies for the troops. She took away sev
enteen recruits for the .Fourteenth Infan
try eleven men of the Twentieth Infan
try and two men and fifty-seven recruits
for the Twenty-third Infantry. The men
and recruits are in charge of Second
lieutenant Robert M. Bromblla. Lieu
tenant Colonel MUey, Dr. Fraser and
Acting Assistant Hospital Surgeon Cleav
er also went away on the transport.
The tug Relief went out with the Roa
noke, taking a party of friends of the
officers of the transport along. This is
the first run the tug has made since her
new boilers were put In and she easily
held her own with the steamer as far as
U is^said that the battleship lowa will
go up to Mare Island next Wednesday.
She will remain at the navy-yard for
some time and will receive a thorough
wharf on the front is Green
street Coal bunkers to hold 5000 tons of
black 'diamonds are being erected there
for R D Chandler, and the carpenters
are working on them night and day so as
to have the structure ready for the w in
ter trade. Piles ninety feet long have been
driven to make a secure foundation and
nearly all the timbers used in the bunk
ers themselves are 14x14. The scales,
buckets, hoisting machinery and engines
are all being made in San Francisco and
when completed the bunkers w;il I be the
largest and best equipped of their kind
on the front.
FREE LIBRARY BRANCH
IN WESTERN ADDITION
BOARD OF TRUSTEES WILL SOON
ESTABLISH ONE.
It Will Fill a Long-Felt Want in
That Section— To Be Opened
in May.
The trustees of the Free Public Li
brary are about to establish a branch of
that institution in the Western Addition,
which will till a long felt want of book
readers in that section of the city. Here
tofore library patrons who reside in that
locality were obliged to go to the City
Hall for their books, but in a little while
the distance will be materially shortened
and books will, as it were, be brought
to their very doors.
In their last appropriation by the Board
of Supervisors a sum of money was in
cluded by the trustees for the establish
ment of this branch, which will now be
the sixth in operation here. Those in the
Mission, <> Richmond district, Potrero,
South of Market and North Beach have
been successfully conducted for years.
In the order for the new branch the
trustees specified that it should be lo
cated In the district bounded by Sutter,
Jackson Webster and Scott streets, and
Secretary George Mullin is in consulta
tion with property-owners on Fillmore
street, near California, for a suitable site.
He considers that to be the most desirable
location on account of its central char
acter He has two stores in contempla
tion, which appear to have all the re
quirements for the proposed branch.
"It will cost nearly $3000," aaid Secretary
Mullin, "to properly equip the new
branch library, but the reading-loving
public of the Western Addition
are entitled to the expenditure of
the money and will no doubt appreciate
the improvement. We will have between
two thousand and three thousand volumes
on the shelves, and by leaving an order the
patron will be enabled as at present to
get any desired book the next day. An
express wagon will leave the main library
every day with a load of books which
have been so ordered.
"The board has for a long time realized
the necessity of a branch in the Western
Addition, but lack of funds has compelled
it to postpone its establishment. Now
that we have the necessary funds we will
go right ahead with the work.
"The business men will welcome the
branch library, as it means increased
traffic and consequently more sales."
THE CHURCH AND DIVOHCE.
Bishop Mcreland on the Dissolution
of the Marriage Tie.
"The Church's Discipline Concerning
Marriage and Divorce" was the theme
treated yesterday morning at St. Luke's
Episcopal Church by Bishop William H.
Moreland. He said that marriage was an
Indissoluble bond, uniting husband and
wife, even as Christ and his church are
united in the incarnation. He quoted
freely from the Old and New Testaments
to show the teaci ng of God's Word, and
repeated the strong and emphatic words
of Christ declaring that the man or wo
man who divorced the other partner and
married again was ruilty of adultery. He
said the Holy Catholic church from the
beginning had held up before men the
true standing of the married life, and in
all its divisions — Oriental, Roman and
Anglo-Saxon— was strict in its discipline,
which was based upon the explicit teach
ings of Christ himself. The only exception
was the innocent party in a divorce for
the cause of adultery.
♦ «
Found a Registered Pigeon.
A carrier pigeon bearing a silver band
dh its left leg With the initial A and the
number 158 was picked up in a helpless
condition yesterday by Charles Lille in
the rear of his home at the corner of Bay
and Webster streets. The bird when
found showed every indication of extreme
exhaustion. It was wounded slightly In
the left wing.
t//{a/fz\uti/n&
after an attack of grip renews vigor, appetite
and good spirits. Made only by the Anheuaer-
Busch Brewing Association. That tells its
merit. _
Valentine on Annexation.
The public Is invited to the second lec
ture by J. J. Valentine, president of Wella,
Fargo & Co., at the Young Men's Chris
tion Association auditorium, Mason and
Ellis streets, to-night at 8 o'clock, on the
question of "The Annexation of the Phil
ippines." I. J. Truman, City and County
Treasurer, will preside. Seats free to all.
CONFIRMATION AT
ST. JAMES CHURCH
IS RECEIVED BY OVER TWO
HUNDRED CHILDREN.
Eloquent Address by Archbishop
Riordan — Emphasizes the Ab
solute Necessity of Parochial
Schools.
The sacrament of confirmation was ad
ministered with solemn and impressive
ceremony yesterday afternoon at St.
James Church by Archbishop Riordan.
Over 225 children and adults knelt before
the altar to be anointed with the sacred
chrism and receive one of the most im
portant sacraments of the Catholic
church.
The ceremony commenced promptly at
4 o'clock and was conducted by the Arch
bishop in person. Immediately after the
singing of the preliminary hymns usual
to occasions of this character, the sacra
ment was administered. The sponsors for
those confirmed were Eugene P. Murphy
and Miss Elizabeth Foote. The master of
ceremonies to the Archbishop was the
Rev. Father Lynch. At the conclusion of
the ceremony a short address appropriate
to the occasion was delivered by Arch
bishop Riordan. In it he endeavored to
impress upon the children the necessity of
a strict observance of the tenets and
teachings of their church. lie likened
their period of life to the springtime when
every good or evil influence can either be
accepted or rejected. Their characters
are in that stage of formation, he claimed,
where every outward influence is liable to
make a lasting and an indelible impres
sion, either for good or evil. For the many
temptations that are thrown in the path
way of youth to swerve it from a right
eous course the only safeguard, the
preacher maintained, was a strict adher
ence to and a constant practice of re
ligion. Parents were reminded of the ne
cessity of sending their children to the
parochial school of St. James Parish in
order to equip them with a good educa
tion in the principles of their religion that
in after life will serve them as a guide
for their own salvation and a means of
defending their faith ' against whatever
oppression it is tendered.
After explaining fully the meaning and
the necessity of the administration of the
sacrament of confirmation as a means to
salvation the address was concluded with
• in appeal to parents to send their chil
dren to the parish school, where they can
receive a tho r ough education in the prin
ciples and doctrines of their religion.
Immediately after the address solemn
benediction was celebrated by the Arch
bishop, assisted by the clergy of St.
James Church.
At the conclusion of the benediction the
services were brought to a close with the
administration of a pledge of total absti
nence to the entire class of boys.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sick Women Advised to Seek
Advice of Mrs. Pinkham.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 94,863]
"I had inflammation and falling
of the womb, and inflammation of
ovaries, and was in great pain. I took
medicine prescribed by a physician,
but it did me no good. At last I heard „
of Lydia E. Pinkham'a Vegetable Com-
pound, and after using it faithfully. I
am thankful to say I am a well women.
I would advise all suffering women to
seek advice of Mrs. Pinkham." — Mrs.
G. H. Chappell, Grant Park, 111.
For several years my health was
miserable. I suffered the most dread-
ful pains, and was almost on the verge
of insanity. I consulted one of the
best physicians in New York, and he
pronounced my disease a fibroid tumor,
advising an operation without delay, '
saying that it was my only chance for
life. Other doctors prescribed strong
and violent medicine, and one said I
was incurable, another told me my
only salvation was galvanic batteries,
which I tried, but nothing relieved me.
One day a friend called and begged me
to try Lydia E. • Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. I began its use and took
several bottles. From the very first
bottle there was a wonderful change
for the better. The tumor has disap-
peared entirely and my old spirits have
returned. I heartily recommend your
medicine to all suffering women." —
Mrs. Van Cleft, 416 Saundsbs Avk.,
Jebsey City Heights, N. J.
Use f^%, Use
Woodbury's Vf*^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, *^S Facial Cream
- The only preventive for pimples, blotches,
blackheads, red. rough and oily skin. Send 10
cents for Beauty Book, and receive sample
each of- Soap and Cream, free. V- JOHN '• H. -
WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163
State St.. Chicago. .'.■•.
"d&mcnulty.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Special Ist cure* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free.' Over2oy'ra' experience.
Patients cur<Hi at Home. Terms reasonable, HourH9
to 3 daily; 6.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Smidnvs, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
P. itOSCOE McXUIiTY.'M.D. v
2C, Krnmy St., «an Francisco. Cal.
itlHiV-f^lßfc ' : RUPTURE. :
fSjjjj^; ■ ' USE NO MORE IRON
' jnSßXsn>h*4Ss3!lr Hoops or Steel * Spring*. ■
CjWKg^y Rupture retained with pans
■ vrjßrv and comfort, and thousand! radl-
'WT^'/Bl* ca»y CURED by DR. PIEROE'B
% /M* Magnetic Elastic Truss. .<t? Call at
XmS^ office or write for New Pamphlet No. X.
#t. MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS : CO.. '
(20 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel. Ban FrancUco.
. t  -^ ADV.iBTISEMENTS. , .- ■
® -f® -f ® > ® ♦ ®+®+ ® >®>® -f®> ©♦©♦®t®4®^®t®f®f®-f®t®'f®'f®-f® < f®
jCITYOF^fe PARIS I
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
! REAL LACES! I
® Will Exhibit the : Coming Week a Magnificent Collection of REAL LACES, Including a
1 POINT GAZE, DUCHESSE, A
I ALENCON, APPLIQUE, ±
V CROCHET, CHANTILLY,
5" LIERRE and VALENCIENNES. X
® In Edgings, Insertions, Bands and Flounclngs. M?
I REAL LACE BERTHAS. I
2 Will Also Show the Very Latest Designs in the NEW CIRCULAR j|
® LACE BERTHAS, in Point, Duchesse, Applique and Chantilly. ±
f rCEAL LACE HANDKERCHIEFS. |
v Real Duchesse, Applique and Valenciennes Lace Handkerchiefs, ®
® in All the New Designs. >
t GiPlraAL ®
® mmm»m^9 ML \^ i. Jn. Mmdmrnmrnm Of
® Real Valenciennes Laces and Insertions to Match— A Splendid ®
£ Assortment Just Received.
0 Novelties in Embroideries and Allovers Just Received.... £j
® COUNTRY ORDERS WILL BE PROMPTLY AND CAREFULLY FILLED. &
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
® S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisoo. s - %
t v UNION SQUARE. . ®
gßStjji^^^ tbat my Kidney Cure
gßaKSfftSaK •will cure 90 per cent.
JSJEzHr^^^^iSrSat of all forms of kidney
jgjjy jjraafcfl complaint and In
$9 jJBi many Instances the
WM 5*5 lf l *i&!^r most serious forms of
y V yjf&W Brlght's disease. If
V /*kxsu ' the disease 13 com '
\_^"Bw plicated send a four-
/^^*Tm^ ounce vial of urine.
«^^*sj^^^^. VTe will analyze It
vf-Y**sZffißFTfW * nd »dvise you free
At all flrogglgts, 250. a rial. Guide to Health
»prt mMlcal *drlc<> tree. 150fl Arch_s_t. Fhila.
NEW KODAKS, BULL'S EYE,
PREMO AND POCO
CAMERAS
From $5.00 Up.
■ Films, Plates, Papers, Material and the best
developing and printing.
CATALOGUES AND INSTRUCTION FREE.
nDTIfIAN^^ ' APPARATUS,
UHIIUAINO PhotoG^ s cient ,f,c
642 Market St. instruments
g^nrprHPOM 1 " 1 builoin&. CaTAlo6l'£ iREt.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERAHOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
IN FRENCH AND ITALIAN.
The Sale of SEASON TICKETS for the Entire
" Series of Twelve Performances by
THE ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
WILL OPEN
TO-DAY
AT 9 A. HI.
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. Prices, $50, $40, $30,
$20, according to location. BOXES, $250, $300,
$350, seating , four, five and Six respectively.
Applications for -BOXES should be made to
Mr Alfred - Bouvier. care Sherman, Clay &
Co Sale of ; seats for SINGLE performances
begins Monday, March 6. Prices. $5. $4, $3. $2.
according to - location. Orchestra floor, dress
circle and family circle will be reserved. Ap-
plications from out of town will be filed in
the ■ order received. They must be accom-
panied by a'postofflce or express money order
payable .to Charles tA. Ellis.
AlMßßA^^-
numillimia Jones Sts.
FIVE POPULAR CONCERTS!
FRIDAY EVE., SAT. HAT. anil EVE.,
t SUN. MAT. and EVE.
. h..-">~'A March 3. 4, 5. , ...--.
SOUSA. £}
Sale of scats at j|^^La
Sherman, Clay & i|pp£*.
Co;'s Tuesday, Feb. «^--
-28th. •;-..-.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
' Under the management of;Holden, Mac Do-
nald &Kllgo. ' '
Commencing , MONDAY EVENING. March «.
First production in this city of the patriotic
. • - • naval drama,
DE WEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
First appearance of our NEW YORK STOCK
 .. ' -i . .j.'- COMPANY,
Consisting of < Laura Alberta. Florence Ross-
land, De Witt Clinton, Joseph L. Tracy, Wil-
liam T. - Doyle, ■ Charles Swain and numerous
Cr " . A SUPERB PRODUCTION.
Prices of admission, 10c. 100 and 25c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
■* '- ;V i:* Box ■ office open Thursday. .
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Positively Last Week of
PIANKA,
THE \ "LADY O ; LIONS,
And the Beautiful PASSION PLAY, as given at
Oberammergau, Reproduced 'by the • Animato-
scope. ' COTRELV and VAN GOFRE. Equili-
brists and Jugglers: DU BELL, the World's
Best.;TrapeziBt; SADIE FAIRFIELD, Singer
and *? Dancer; >i VIOLET DALE, Contortion
Dancer; JACK SYMONDS, Monologist. and a
GREAT : BILL in the FREE THEATER.
SEE THE; LIVING -OSSIFIED MAN.
TO-MORROW— TUESDAY.;
lOWA NIGHT!
J < 10c, i Including J Zoo and '■. Theater; Children, sc.
AMUSEMENTS.
(ffltmia fSSniT
REQUEST ENGAGEMENT.
The young American Tragedienne •
NANCE
O'NEIL,
Adequately Supported.
To Night anl Thurs.. . . MAGDA
Tues. and Sun.... '..The new "EAST LYNNE"
Wednesday "INGOMAR"
Friday "THE JEWESS"
Saturday Matinee "CAMILLE"
Saturday Evening ."OLIVER TWIST"
COLUMBIA. T^
LAST WEEK
WUSON GREAT DRAMA
THE SIGN OF A
THE GROSS X
Presented by
WILLIAM CREET'S LONDON CO*
Including CHARLES DALTON.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
March 6— BLANCHE WALSH and MEL-
BOURNE MACDOWELL in "LA TOSCA."
New York's Latest Comedy Hit,
CORA TANNER AND LOUIS MASSEN
In "MY HUSBAND'S MODEL."
EDDY FAMILY, European : Acrobats.
THE HULINES, Musical Grotesques.
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE.
In New Repertoire of Operatic Selections.
LEW BLOOM AND JANE COOPER, In "A
Picture From Life."
Last Week of EDITH CRASKE. P. C.
SHORTIS AND DE HAVEN AND MATE.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY AND
- SUNDAY. . \ :
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
A GIGANTIC" SUCCESS I ■
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Noblest Roman of Them All,
JOHN L. SULLIVAN'S
BIG VAUDEVILLE COMBINATION.
25 ARTISTS OF STERLING MERIT
And the Musical Burletta, ,
"A TRIP ACROSS THE OCEAN."
Presenting a Corps of Specialties.
POPULAR PRICES.
Seats Secured Box Office and Emporium.
SUNDAY, March s— The Young American
Actress, JANET WALDORF.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEK OF
The Foremost Play of Indian War, •
THE GIRL
I LEFT *
BEHIND ME
By David Belasco and Frankly Fylea.
PRICES - - • -• -,15c, 25c, 35c, sfo
Next Week— Laughing Farce,
A MAN WITH A PAST.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor ' and Mgr
THIS EVENING AT 8. ...
The Success of the Season.
The Fantastic Comic ' Opera,
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
MIRTH AND MELODY.
Only Matinee Every Saturday at I.
NEXT.
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK.
"L./\ BELLE. HELENE" 1
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
Offenbach's choicest opera.
Popular Prices I3c and to«
N. B.— A reserved neat for the matinee. Ho.
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
' CONCERTS AND &ESOBTS.
23,897 TICKETS SOLD IN 6 DAYS.
- ; ;' Enormous Success of the
STEEPLECHASE
' AT CENTRAL PARK.
• The Greatest Novelty Ever Invented. ' Special
Attractions Added Weekly. Ascensions by
VOSMER the ■ Balloonist, Dally. Punchinello
Mariettas for the Children. World-Renowned
ANIMATOSCOPE Views. Moving Stairs, El«o-
-trlcal Theater. ■ Band Concerts, Etc. - ' :
Admission Only 10c, Including 'Horse*.'*
56
FLEET HOUNDS
PURSUE HARES
WITH GAMENESS
Ingleside Furnishes a
Fine Card.
VICTOR QUEEN A WINNER
LANDS THE OPEN STAKE FRO*
SPEEDY RIVALS.
J. H. Rosseter's For Freedom Again
Proves Invincible at Union Cours
ing Park, Winning the
Grace Cup.
Despite a star attraction at a rival park,
Ingleslde Coursing Park was filled to
overflowing yesterday. Betting was ex
tremely brisk during the afternoon, and
the men in the pool boxes were kept busy
in their efforts to satisfy the moneyed
contingent, i'wo stakes furnished numer
ous opportunities to wager, and both the
"talent" and the "short-enders" enjoyed
good fortune.
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen won the
open stake and J. Higgins* Sarah Curran
took the sapling event. The winner of the
old-dog slake was a 20 to 5 favorite over
Maud S, the runner-up, owing to the fact
that Curtis' bitch had experienced a
grueling course with Luxor in a bye in
the semi-final round. Victor Queen gain
ed a quick victory over Maud S. landing
a flag by a score of 5 to 3. Sarah Curran
and Cash Day met in the final owing to
the absence of Mamie Pleasant, who was
withdrawn on account of her hard course
earlier in the day. Both bitches were
slipped to a lively "jack," which led them
all over the field for a minute and twenty
three seconds. Lash Day had the better
of the course at the start, but her rival
showed the foot and scored 15 to Cash
Day's 8 points.
Lottie M's chances in the open stake
were ruined by her hard course with De
pend On Me. She beat the latter by a
score of 13 to 7 in a minute and thirty
eight seconds' running. The hare proved
a wonder and led the contestants up and
down the field four times. When the kiii
was made every one felt easier, as it was
thought the bitch would run herself to
death. In the first round Long-shot Con
ley put out Luxor owing to her favoring
the former. The running of Tea Rose
was noticeable. She is no more than a
. puppy, yet she put out some speedy rivals
before succumbing to Mountain Beauty
in the longest course of the day, the time
of which was 2:45. Tea Rose proved her
self possessed of speed and stamina, and
with age should prove a stake-winner.
Lawrence, . another of Deckelman's
speedy string, showed up well during the
running. His long course with Nellie B
•was one of the prettiest seen at the park
in some time. He won by a score of 12
to 0. Before Nellie _> got sighted Law
rence scored 18 points, which were not
counted. After that he scored twelve
more without giving the bitch a chance
to score once. The swift pace and lengthy
course told on him, for when he went up
against Fear Not in the next round he was
put out.
• Among the short ends to land yesterday
. were: Sarah Curran beat Lexington at
1 to 2; Eclipse beat Twin City Girl at 4
to 5; Long-shot Conley beat Luxor at 3
to 5; Hot Stuff beat Royal Duke at 1 to 3*4;
Statesman beat Jenny Wilson at 1 to 2._:
Royal Prize beat Mystic Maid at 1 to 2V4:
Victor Queen beat Glen Chloe at 3% to 5;
Sarah Curran beat Cash Day at 3 to 5;
Statesman beat Billy Gladstone at 1 to 2;
Commodore Nash beat Lottie M at 2 to 5;
Victor Queen beat Rocket at 3 to 5. Fol
lowing is the way the dogs ran their
scores:
Sapling stake, run down— Sarah Curran beat
Lexington; Mamie Pleasant beat lowa Maid;
Cash Day beat Rowena.
Final— Sarah Curraa beat Cash Day, 16-S;
time, 1:23.
' Open stake, run — Twin City Girl beat
Eclipse. 8-5; Motto beat Black Hawk, 4-2; L.
6. Conley beat Luxor, 5-3; Qrllllantine beat Pe
.. tronlus, 5-2; Black Lock beat Marietta, 6-4;
Mountain Beauty beat Mohawk. 6-3; Hotatuft
beat Royal Duke, 7-5; Tea Rose beat Black
Chief, 3-1; Lawrence beat Pastime, 5-0; Nelly
B beat Clifton Lass, 3%-0; Magdallah beat Sel
dom, 3-2; Fear Not beat Decency, 8-6; States
man beat Jenny Wilson. 3-1; Billy Gladstone
beet 'White Tip, 4-2: Maud S beat Magneto,
21-7: time, 1:21; Royal Prize beat Mystic Maid.
6-3; Lottie M beat Depend On Me, 13-7; time,
1:36; Commodore Nash beat La» Palmas, 4-0:
Fedora beat Sunburst, 4-2; Rosebud beat
Prince George. 4-3; Victor Queen beat Glen
Chloe, 5-0; Rocket beat Belle of Moscow, 5-1.
First round— Motto heat Twin City Girl, 8-4;
. Brllliantine beat L. S. Conley, 8-6; Mountain
Beauty beat Black Lock, 6-0; Tea Rose beat
' HotstufT 17-3; Lawrence beat Nellie B. 12-0;
time, 1:53; Fear Not beat Magdallah, 5-2:
Statesman beat Billy Gladstone, 3-1; Maud S
beat Royal Prize, 4-1; Commodore Nash beat
Lottie M. 3-2; Rosebud beat Fedora, 4-2; Victor
Queen beat Rocket, 4-2.
Second, round— Motto beat Brilliantlne, 4-0;
' Mountain Beauty beat Tea Rose, 27-12: time,
■ 2:45; Fear Not beat Lawrence, 9-2; Maud S
.beat Statesman. 14-1; time, 1:02; Commodore
Nash beat Rosebud. 5-0: Victor Queen ran a
bye with Ida and beat her, 4-2.
Third round— Motto beat Mountain Beauty,
8-3: Maud 8 beat Fear Not, 9-3; Victor Queen
•beat Commodore Nash. 6-4.
Fourth round— Motto beat Victor Queen, 4-8;
Maud S was beaten in a bye with Luxor, 14-9;
time, 2:01.
Final— .Victor Queen beat Maud S. 5-3.
♦
FOR FREEDOM WINS AGAIN.
Captures .he John Grace Cup at
Union Coursing Park Yesterday.
For (freedom, the undefeated champion
of all greyhounds that ever coursed in
California, won the John Grace challenge
cup yesterday at Union Coursing Park, in
the presence of 6000 spectators. The dog
early in the day showed his rare game
ness by running with a slight lameness,
•which gradually disappeared as he drew
near to his final course. The only time
his chances of winning the cup were ever
In doubt was in his course with that fleet
little black bitch Regina. For a few turns
the latter hound scored several points and
For Freedom appeared to falter. He
came again with a rush and at the end
of the course .had matters all his own
way. Thornhlll was winner up In the
stake and finished strongiy in the finals.
Hurricane- wai picked by wise ones to
have a fighting chance in the stake, but
he ran badly. He did not appear to be in
food condition and was easily defeated
y Metallic in the second round. The re
sults in detail follow:
John Grace challenge cup, second round — J
H. Rossetfr's Rollicking Airs beat Dennis &
Porter's Interesting; J. H. Rosseter'g Emln
Pasha beat E. M. Kellosg's Old Glory; Lowe &
Thompson's St. Orans beat T. J. Mclnerny'a
Tommy Rex; E. and R. Scott's Lord Byron
beat Daly & Stlvln's The Exllo; J H Rosfiet
er'g For Freedom beat T. Butler's Susie; .7 J
Edmonds" Morning: Glory beat I. F Halton's
Tic Tac; J. H. Rosseter's Metallic bent Ed
Kvatt'B Hurricane; Bartels Bros' Mac's Melody
beat George Whitney's Theron: H. E do ri
Lopez's Minneapolis beat Taylor & Maxwell's
AVtld La»sle; T. J. Melnerny's Rejclna beat
Joseph P. Thrift' a Forget : J. Keenan'b Royal
Buck beat F. Morar.'s False Flatterer- H F
Anderson's Crawford Brace bput T J Mcln
erny'F Rosle; H. J. Healey** Rusty Gold b*at
F. Mor&n'B Glider. RttflMt; T. J Cronln's
Thornhlll beat V. MoCemb'i iloyal Flush- Low«
& Thompson's Prinze Hal ran a bye on account
of T. Barre's Walt a Little- being withdrawn
inmt;s Dean's Gladiator beat J. H Rosseter's
Firm' Friend.
Third round— St Oran beat Rollicking Airs-
Lord Byron beat Emln Pusha: For Fre-dori
beat Morning Glory. Metallic beat Mac's Mel
ody: Reglna beat Minneapolis; Crawford Braes
beat Royal Duck; Thornhlll beat Rusty Gold- I
Prince Hal bo.it Gladiator. * iu '
Fourth round— Lord Byron beat St Oran-
For Freedom beat Regina; Crawford lira's
bvat MetalHo; Thornhlll beat Prince Hal
Fifth round— Fcr Freedom beat Lord Byron-
Thornhlll beat Crawford Braes.
Final— For Freedom beat Thornhlll.
Belle Brandon CUD, second round— E. Bau
melster's Winning Ways beat H. H. Grey's
Terronlc; IX J. Healey's Granada boat A. L
Austin's Firm Foe; John Perlgo's Baba bnat
D. J. Healey's Majfirie N: John Peril's Lady
Davenport beat D. J. Healey's Amaryllis: <\
C. (Jrlnwold'a Grazlelia beat Roy C. Scott's
lllso Rabbit; I. F. Hulton's Lavender heat
R. B. de B. Lopr-z's Wonder; John Perigo's
Controller ran a bye.
Third round— Bohe beat "Winning Wayi; Lady
WILL BOX BEFORE
THE NATIONAL CLUB
Tracey, the Clever Australian, and Fred Mulier,
the Local Welter- Weight, Ready for Their
Meeting in Woodward's Pavilion.
TOM TRACEY, the champion welter
weight boxer of Australia, will meet
Fred Mailer of the Manhattan Atta
letic Club of this city in a twenty -
r-.und contest at Woodward* Pavilion to
morrow night. Those pugilists boxed be
fore the Sacramento Athletic Club some
months since, when Muiler made a
remarkably good showing before clever
Tracey that the National Athletic Club
officials considered a return match be
Davenport beat Granada: Controller beat Gra
ziella; Lavender ran a bye.
Fourth round— Bohe beat Lavender; Control
ler beat Lady Davenport.
Final— Bohe beat Controller.
Coursing on Los Angeles Fields.
LOS ANGELES. Fib. 26.— Ideal sport
was presented the lovers of coursing at
the park to-day. Dogs ran in good styte
and the crowd was larger than usual.
Merry Maiden demonstrated her superior
ity, winning first money in a thirty-two
dog open stake for a $150 purse. Stella B.
was second after tying once in the finals
with Merry Maiden. Sir Joseph third,
Orpheum Lass fourth; Alice, Fleetwood,
Nashville and Rose followed in order.
Lassie Hays was beaten by Master Jack.
In the first ties Fair Rosaline, at odds or
3 to 2 was beaten by Rosewood. Amorita,
who has not been on the field for six
weeks, defeated Nashville. Sir Joseph
beat Get There and in second ties defeated
Fleetwood. In the run off Orpheurn bass
beat Decision. Pat Malloy beat Hardshell,
Rosewood beat Lass o' Gowrie. Amorita
beat Little Corporal; Nashville beat Dat> ,
Emharcadero beat Lady Black; Merr>
nTiden beat Occidental. Get There bean
Hamburg. Sir Joseph beat Happy Maid.
Fleetwood beat B. B 8., Master Jack
beat Lassie Hayes. Stella beat GloHana.
Molock beat Ghost, Mollie Brown beat
Uncle Sam, Alice beat Portia.
Alma Wins at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Feb. 26.— P00r hares made
the sport somewhat tame at Good Water
Grove to-day. There were enough sur
prises, however, to keep the sporting fra
ternity guessing. The attendance was
large. Following were the results:
Twenty-eight dog stake-Pacific Queen beat
Aroo- Red Chief beat Honolulu Lady; Rich
and Arties beat Blue Bird; Iron Duke beat
Reno? Miss Skyball beat Little Doubt; Better
Than Gold beat I^idy Zelda; Alma beat Lizzie
M- Rosebud beat Domino; Sunbeam beat Here
We Are; San Mateo beat Lady Hearst; Little
Hope beat Cyclone; Whd Zip beat Gold Bug;
Tip beat Cascade!; Red Cloud beat Haiel Glen
First ties-Pacific Queen beat Red Chief ; Iron
Duke beat Rich and Artless; Better Than Gold
beat Miss Skyball; Alma beat Rosebud; Sun
beam beat San Mateo; Wild Zip beat Little
Hone; Tip beat Red Cloud.
Second ties-Iron Duke beat Pacific Queen;
Alma beat Better Than Gold; Wild Zip beat
S ™ e rd m t : i e T 9 -A a ima e beat Iron Duke; Tip beat
AV Finaf-Alma beat Tip. Alma first money Tip
second, Zip third. Iron Duke fourth, Sunbeam
flith, Better Than Gold sixth. Pacific Queen
•eventh.
Coursing at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 26.— The coursing here
to-day resulted as follows: In the thirty
two-dog stake Faultless Beauty won. Sec
ond money went to Bush o Hill. In the
run down Countess beat Syivanus, the
latter a 5 to 1 shot.
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
Fred O. Young Wins a Special Prize
for February.
The ranges at Shell Mound Park were
well patronized yesterday, there being
five shooting organizations present to dis
play their skill. The light was fairly good
and improved as the day , advanced, and
the wind was not strong enough to inter
fere with the marksmanship.
Following are the results:
Red Men's Schuetzen Company monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, XV. Kreutzkamm,
399- first class William Dressier, 361; second
class, P. H. Rulffa. 267; third class, Captain
Henry Grleb, 270; fourth class, E. Zempel, 272;
first best shot, William Dressier, 34; last best
shot, C. Stein, 23.
Norddeutscher Schuetaen Club in monthly
medal Champion class. Fred P. Schus
ter, 423; first class Hy Stalling, 422; second
class O. Sehulz, 365; third class,- not won;
fourth class, ..August F. Meyer, 307; best first
shot D. galneld, 25; best la«t shot, Hy Stel
ling,' 24.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln In monthly
bullseye shoot— D. B. Faktor 85. F. Rust 189, J.
de Witt 262. A. Bertelson 227. F. Brandt 372, F.
P. Schuster 4i»:>, K. Ipsen 614, J. Ij'tschig 538,
L Der.del 587, H. Linkendey 592. J. Lankenau
663, R. Stettin 719, A. Browning 795, A. Pape
BSS. J. Hartmann BSO, W. Ooetze 900. N. Ahrens
904, R. Finking *2t, August Meyer . 949, O.
Lemcko 1017. . ' .
Germanla Schuetzen Club for the Bushncll
medal— Dr. L. Rodgers 228. F. P. Schuster 226,
A. Strecker 209..
Yearly competition shoot for cash prizes— V.
P. Schuster 72. A. Strecker 72, Dr. Rodger* 71,
\). B. Faktor 70, C. Thlerbach 70, H. Stelllng
68, N. Ahrens 68, William Goetze 67.
Monthly bullseye shoot— J. F. Daly 225. R.
Finking 826, Dr. J.,. O. Rotifers. 335, J. Beuttler
536, I). B. Faktor 445, F. Rust 535. H. Stettin
029, N. Ahrens 777, J. Utschii? 787. F. P. Schus
ter S4l, C. Thierbach 931, J. F. Bridges 1059,
K. Stettin 1150, L. Haake 1281.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club. Glendeman
all-comers', rifle medal— A. H. Pape. 41-44-46;
F. O. Young, 56-W-60: G. Mannell. U2-102; Mrs.
Mannell, 85; E. ' N. Moor, 111.
In the contest for the Slebe pistol medal,
a special prize for the best ten-shot
score, was won by Fred O. Young, who
scored 41. G. M. Barley was close up
with 46.. ' . ■ . • .. -
Slebe all-comers' medal, pistol scores— F. O
Young, 41, CO. 55; G. M. Barley, 51, D 2, 02, 54, 56
uC: C. M. Dalss. 42, 49.
Daiss' all-comers' and Jacobson's members'
medal,2 2 and 25 rifles— George Mannell, 28, 29
30, 34. -  . :';—_■•.
■ ♦ ■
Dr. D' Evelyn, returned from th» East. Of flee,
Phelan bulldinj. - - •
THE SAN FBAJSTCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1899.
tween the local pugilist and the invade,
would attract ■widespread attention. Tra
cey is a favorite in the betting because of
his knowledge of the game, which he has
acquired from a long experience in con
tests pugilistic. Muiler. although a com
paratively green professional, is an ag
gressive and hard-hitting boxer who can
stand an awful punishing and will fight
until counted out by the referee. Tim
Hurst, who Is a master at the game, will
referee.
LIVE TARGETS
FELL BENEATH
THE FUSILLADE
Olympic Club Holds
Another Shoot
THE SPEEDIEST BIRD YET
FAY MAKES A BRILLIANT CEN-
If-tt, bHOT.
The California "Wing Shooting Club
"Will Hold Its Annual Gold Medal
Contest Next Sunday
at Ingle&ide.
Many dollars changed hands at the
Olympic Gun Club shoot yesterday, but
■ next Sunday is the day wfcen tne hopes
I and money of the unsteady will go
I a-glimmerlng. The California Wing-Shoot
! ing Club, the oldest organization of Its
; kind in America, will hold its annual
medal contest next Sunday, and this
shoot promises to be the everit of the
season. Such men as Ned Fay and Dr.
) ''Slade," who have contested side by side
for a quarter of a century, and many
others equally as expert, will bring down
the winged targets. Three gold medals
and Btacks of double eagles will be con
tested for, together with the champion
ship of this champion club.
No gold medals were hung up yesterday
to spur tne contestants to greater ef
fortß. The shooting waa for $10 a corner
and resulted in some good scores and
more sport. The first match was one of
twenty-five birds. J. S. Fanning, Clar
ence Nauman. Dr. "Blade.," M. K. Kittle
man, Ed Galnes and Charles Stone en
tered. Fanning, the Olympic Club crack,
i was the first to face the trap. One after
another his first half dozen birds fell
I under his shots, but later he was handed
out a few either tricky or impregnable
| birds and four escaped him, giving him
I but 21. Nauman, the second up, snot un
'. usually well, bringing down 23 birds. Dr
Slade tied Fanning with 21, while Kittle
: man, Galnes' only recognized rival for
l last place, secured 8. Games plucked 13
of his 25 and carried off Kittleman's
money, but it 1b thought that some one
else carried off thai, of both. Stone, the
last to face the trap in the process of
rotation, killed 12, but dfil not let the
poor score crush him.
The next match was one of six birds,
and during its progress the fastest bird
that ever left a trap was uncovered for
Fay. Fay's first barrel practically
plucked it, but like a shot it whirled for
the line and a second shot dropped It
dangerously near the boundary flag. Fay
fot his 6, killing clean. Nauman also
ropped 6, as did Kittleman, amid the
plauditß of the assembled enthusiasts.
"Slade" scored 3 out of his half dozen;
Ed Games, 3; Charles Grant, 4; Mans
field, 3; Charles Reames, 5, and Burrell,
3. At this point some seventeen dozen
! pigeons had been slain or freed, and the
i game ran short, which practically ended
j ihe day's sport. Preparations for Sun
day's big event are nearly completed and
' the •'cracks" are preparing to battle for
the golden trophies.
SHOT THROUGH THE FOOT.
L. Brunn, While Firing at Rats, Near
ly Killed Himself.
L. Brunn, 22% Decatur street, has been
greatly annoyed by rats, and yesterday
morning he borrowed a .22 caliber rifle
and determined to exterminate tht-m. Ho
succeeded in killing one and when another
appeared he became ho excited that he
pulled the trigger too soon and the bullet
struck uiß right foot.
Brunn had enough of shooting, and he
was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
the patrol wagon. Dr. Maher found that
the bullet had passed through his foot and
lodged in the sole of his shoe. Fortun 'te
ly the bullet r.iissed the bones and he
escaped being maimed for life.
CoroYiium, known hypothetically as a
constituent of the sun, has been dis
covered by Professor Naainl In volcanic
emissions. It is a gas apparently much
lighter than hydrogen.
EARL STEVENS
WINS THE BIG
CYCLING RACE
Beat Turviile by a
Narrow Margin.
OTHER RIDERS DROPPED OUT
NEVER DISMOUNTED FROM HIS
WHEEL DURING 0 RIDE.
Covered Nearly Four Hundred and
Sixty Miles, Which Does Not
Equal the Existing
Record.
SCORE AT THE FINISH.
Miles. Laps.
Stevens 459 6
Turville 459 6
Lawson 455 6
Pierce 455 3
Waller 451 4
Chapman 440 5
Fredericks .... 435 4
Julius 422 7
Ashinger 412 4
Nawn 401 1
Earl D. Stevens of Buffalo, N. ?., won !
the twenty-four hour bicycle race which
was started in Mechanics' Pavilion Satur
day night and ended last night by a mar
gin of several lengths over his nearest
competitor, Charles Turville of Phila
delphia.
The finish was mildly exciting. Of the •
sixteen men who entered the event, but
five were left at the twenty-third hour.
They were Stevens, Turville, Lawson,
Pierce and Waller, all of whom were
close together, Stevens and Turville
being only one lap ahead of Lawson, who
was two laps ahead of Pierce and V. aner.
It being apparent to Lawson, Pierce and
Waller that they could not hope to regain
their lost ground, as the leaders were
fully as trtsh and as swift as they were,
they agreed to drop out five minutes be
fore the finish and leave Stevens and
Turville to fight it out between them.
This was done, but neither Stevens nor
Turville was willing to assume the pace,
so they rode side by side up to the last
two laps, when Stevens suddenly Jumped
ahead and by a lively sprint managed to
land himself a winner by half a- dozen
lengths The crowd cheered the victor as
he was taken off his wheel and carried to
his dressing room.
Steven* and Turville both covered an
enual distance in the twenty-four hours,
4M) miles 6 laps. The record is 464 miles,
made by Pierce last December in New-
York Stevens never left his wheel dur
ing the long ride. Turville, Chapman and
Fredericks had a collison early in the day
and all throe fell, but quickly remounted,
and as it was an accident, the referee al
towed them the lap they lost. Pierces
pedal also came off and it threw him and
waller. They lost two laps, which wer<;
a!s<> allowed them. But when poor Johnny
Lawson punctured his tire on a nail stick
ing up in the track and lost a lap while
exchanging wheels, the referee would not
allow it. and this one lap probably lost
Laweon thf race. Mr. Loos' action in
this reepeot was condemned.
Of the other starters who began the raco
Saturady night Miller, the cham
pion six-day rider; Aronson, Hale, Leon
art, P'lkington and Ban.aby quit in tho
early stages of the race, being unable to
keep up the heavy pace.
"Kid" McCoy duplicated his success of
Saturday evening in another bag-pifnching
exhibition, which was warmly applauded.
McCoy can hit the bag faster with his
elbows and shoulders than many athletes
can with their fists, and his exhibition was
quite novel in this respect.
Last night's programme closed the pres
ent season of Indoor racing. The men
may go to San Jose the end of this week,
and after that to Fresno and Los Angeles,
after which they will go East for the I
opening of the racing season in April.
______ ______
RACING AT OAKLAND.
Napamax Will ideet iTormero — Six
Events Down for Decision.
The racing card at Oakland tnis afternoon in
not a heavy one and looks as if favorites might
bold their own throughout. The entries are am
follows:
First Race— Futurity course; three-year-old
fillies: selling:
89 Cleodora 105 655 Nora Ives 110
714 Knfcea 105 722 Ann Page 110 '
722 Good Hope 110 720 Florence Fink. ..103
Second Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
730 Lord Marmlon..lll «99 Bonnie. lone 106 '
737 Torsida lOfi 736 Tammany Hall. lll
652 Hohenzcllern ...114 736 Guilder 108
737 Highland 8a11. .111
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-old
maidens:
721 Senator Aahe ..105 710 Pldalla' 105
721 Lorelio 105 721 Harry Thatcher 10S :
733 El Arts 105 733 Tar Hill 10S
r.R6 Ruby 81aze5.. . .105 733 Rachel C 105 '
7d3 Yantlc ion 608 Galena 105'
703 Bamboulla 108-
Fourth Race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up:
719 Olinthus 102 !(454)Napanmx 103
635 Rosormonde — 109 1 (719)Formero 102
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Inn: three-year-olds and up:
711 Tom Calvert.... 96 711 Alicia 98
72S Earl Cochran... 95 (718) Hardly 102
(724)Merop» 89 711 Personne 107 I
727 Rainier 83 727 Roadrunner 98
718 Magnus 981 716 Byron Cr055. ...102
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
719 Hortnn 113 1 «99 Anchored 102
720 Quafmoc 1021 655 Malay 107
(728)C0n Da ton ....10Jl 624 Peter Weber.. " 99
728 Stromo 1061
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Good Hope, Florence Fink. Anna
Page.
Second Race— Torslda. Tammany Hall, Ho
henzollern.
Third Race— Galene, Harry Thatcher, Tar
Hill.
Fourth Race— Napamax, Formero, Rosor
monde.
Fifth Race— Merops. Hardly, Alicia.
Sixth Race— Horton, Con Dalton, Anchored.
The Ink plant of New Granada is a curi
osity. The Juice of It can be used as ink
without any preparation. At first the
•writing is red, but after a few hours it
changes to black.
JLurline Salt Water Baths.
Bu«h and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tuD oatha. Saltwater direct frnmocaan.
EARL D. STEVENS
DID IT
manson wheel !
WON FIRST In tbe
GREAT 24-HOUR RAGE
AT
MECHANICS' PAVSLION.
THE MANSON is the coming wheel. W> can
win races, too.
Our celebrated I-CROWN CROWN is &
beauty. Price*, $-10, JoO and 160.
Singles and Tsndems rented.
PACIFIC COAST AGENCY,
GEO. E. DIXON. Man-ifcer.
612 GOLDEN GATE AYE., San Franoisoo.
LIST Or PHIZES:
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE ■
LOTTERY
BEMIcii7OBLICA.
The 121 st ordinary monthly drawing, class
B. drawn In the City of Mexico, on February j
23. 1899. »
Special Notice— The public Is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lotte-
ries In the City of Mexico or at any other point
in the Republic of Mexico, as all such con-
cerns are fraudulent. The lottery of the Ben- I
eficencla Publica Is the only one authorized .
and Indorsed by the ' Mexican National Gov- ;
ernment. Beware of spurious Imitations and :
see that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo, :
Intervenor, and U. Baaeettl, Manager, as none
others are genuine.
No. Prize. I No. Prize. No. \ Prize. !
68 20 66 1000 78 2'J !
90'""! Y. 100 123 20 197 200 |
276 20 288........ 40 413 20
422'"!!... 20 455 100 j 461. 20
602 . 40 604 20 649 100
.664 40 855.. 20 1 1064 20
1140!!!!.... 40 1174........ 20. 1287 20
1368 100 1 1461 20 1502 20
1549.. 20 1700 20 1747 40
1773 .... 20 1941 40 2010 29 '
2018.!! 200 2036 40 2149 40 ;
2229 20 2245 20 i 2356 20 !
mt........ 200] 2502 20 j 2745 20;
2870 . 20 1 2319 20 2922 20 ;
29bl 20 1 29SS 100, 3148 40 ;
3210 20 3387 Wo| 3539 40 i
3544 . 20000 3757 40i 40S8 100 ;
4159.'!! 40 4220 40, 4311 .. ft)
4313 20 4320 20 4622 :. 20
4634 20 4803 20 4846 40
4851 20 4313 20 5243........ 40
6428 20 5436 20 i 6487 20 j
6666 40 5666 100 1 6711 20
5768 . 20 6784 600001 5932........ 20u
6019 40 6152 20 6202........ 20
6220 20 1 623* 20, 6395 40 :
6504 20 6557 20] 6685 100 ,
6887 20 6904 ■ 20| 6948 40 .
6949 20 7011.. 40 7188 20 I
7592 40 7726 20 7942 20 I
8174 40 8326 200 SSS4 200 j
8716 40 5768 40j 8928 2tJ j
8006 100, 9ua6 ■. 40 9135 40 ;
9155 2U 5223 100 9311.. 20
9351 20 WOO 20 35Z3 20 '
9629 40 SS36 20 9552 20 ■
10178 20 10287 20 10748 20
10786 40 10811.. ...... 100,10814 40
11017 600 11095 40,11276 20;
112S8 600411491 20,11541 20;
11589 40 11608 20,11624 40 i
11664 40 11713 40 11854 20 1
U948!!!!!!!! 20 11973 20 12093 20 ;
12134 40,12176 20 12217 20 }
12249 20 12290 40 12349 20 I
123*0 20 12628 20 12676 200;
13276 20 13254 13713 .. 40
13859 40.13592 20 13374 40 ;
14150 ... 20 141SS :::::: Sffl:::::::: &\
14310... .... 40 14315 2014446 100
J4121 10014542 20 14947 20 |
15015 40 15057 100 15115 20 |
15239 . 20 15329 2015370 20
ISSSl!!!!!!! 40 15721 4015925 40
IV«6'" "I! zoiwiL 40Wj7........ 600 .
leno :;:;! 40|i6253 20116325 20
16407 .... 100J1&19 20 16072 20
I6SSB 2016599 40 16601 40
16616!!!! . 2016625 20 16677 109
16903 20 16954 40 17150 40
17153.. "... 40 17162 40 ; 17163 SO
17341 20 17363 174"7 40 j
17433 20117492 40117502 20
17517 40 17604 100(17605 130
17655 !!!!!. 17817 100 17899 20 j
17905 .. . 20 18028 40 18201 40 j
18233 20 18286 20|15259 20 |
18400 20 18543 40;15686 20 |
15706 200 18727 40|15774 20 t
ISS29 20115957 40,19020 20!
19059 40 19257 40,19422 20
19746 "... 10 19788 MO 19888 20:
19314 2019922 40
20042 20;2013S 20:20148 20
20337 100-20417 20,2042; 40 i
20436 4020461 40 20782 20 !
20505 40.1035J 40,21141 40
21168 20j21234 100J21276 100
21304 20 21406 20i21695 1000
21738 80181869 20 2IS 74 40
21523 * 20!22056 20 22127 20
22156 .... 40122311 40J22333 >. •20 '.
22507........ 40 2261.', ..".... M:23658 20 j
22964 23111 100,23255 100 .
23259 2023535 23770 40
23792 20 23836 600.23:21 100
24047 40it4054 20j24170.. 20
24263 21372 20J24376........ • 20
24108 20,24653 20,2473S 40
240 D) 20 25:73 20 2.") 192 40
25466 40:25513 80,25527 20
25750. .......■" 2025793 20185853 20
25357........ 40/25881 20;2«0.i2 20.
26W3 '20;261C1 40|26171 20
26174... .... 2025227 40126382 20 i
26411. 20 26634 20|26»26 20
27025 46*27071 20:271CS 20.
27212 - 20|27271 40!27278 20 i
2725S 40127360 40J27410 40:
274»9 2" 27194 20 27526 20 i
27538 . 20J2V767 40.27517 20
27848 2027950 40j25079 20
250&4 20 2M»O JO; 28488 1000 j
25499 ! 28513 20,28537 20 j
25609 2025778 40 28S3S 40!
25565 100 1 28801 40 '40 600 i
23071 20 j 29 197 20:29199 600
29422 20i2tti49 20J29650 40
2H723 40|:9501 4023895 100 i
29939 100 29978 20
30022 20 30104 40,30219 20 :
30365 20,30386 100;301S2 20,
30579 20,30637 20 30714 100 i
30814 40 30540 40:30856 100 I
30892 20 30970 40130096 :.. 20 ;
31054 40 3U21...J.... 40131132 20 '
31135 40 31154 100 31192 20
31416 100-31447 40 31624 20
31563 40 31646 20 31670 20
31778 10O'31S9S 2OO!31919 20 j
31567 20 32047 20132087 20
32102 20 32225.. 40 32405 20
32566 20 32645 100|32755 20
32786 100 32374 40 33019 20,
33142 40 33185 20 33408 20 !
33487 20 83747 2033745 40 i
33775 2033753 40:33794.. 20'
33954 40 34031 40 34141 20
34198 4034292 20 34457 40:
34588 100,34743. 100,34369 40 :
34984 '.. 4035132 100:35136 20 <
35413 2035454, 20|35456 20 .
35487 • 10035522... 40 3,-615 200
35864 200 35677 55683., 40
35776 40 35995.'. 20 36157 20
! 86228... 2026241 20 36302. 20 1
36338 20 ! 36410 20 366T>2 40 1
I 36504 20 37014. 500 37183........ 40
! 37235 40,37255 2037413 20
3746« 40 37635 20 37687 20
37716 2037722 20 37751........ •20
37790 20 35C34 20:38040 200
38123 20038193 20 35283 20
I 38303 10038439 20 38530 20!
88572 4038587 20 35624 20
38637 20 38859 20 33008. 20 j
J9029 20 39074........ 20 39103 20 !
39321 20139380 40 39548 40
40045 100 40134 20 40226 20
I 40249 20 40323 40325 20
40354 40 40615. 40 40733 20
40762 20 40853........ 20 41069 20.
41086 20 41105 20 41359 40
141545 2041561 ICO 41612 10) !
141663 40 41684 20141694 .". 40 I
41699 20 41941 :. 40J41987 40 !
42033 100 42320 40 42337 '40 1
42338 20 42368 20 42448 40 i
42468 100 42504 40 42605 100
42610 10042531; 40 42577 40
42831 1000042564........ 20 42915 JO
43005 100 43040 ' 20 43190 40 i
43749 "20 44084 . 20144159 .. 40 I
44256 2044298 20 44430 20
44483 100 44568 20:44617 :.. 40
44684 10044711 20 44720 20
44744 20 44789 20 44907 40
44946 20 46345 20 45461........ 40
45633 40 45771 20 45839 20
45856 4046084 40146132 20
46318 2046372 40 46415... 20
46474 20 46484 20 46655 40
46750 20 46823........ 20 46830 20
46848 200 48986 47120 20
47167 20 47331 47851........ 40
48107........'' 20 48160 48225 20
48448 20 48569 20148748 40
48914 20 48972 200,49069 40
49233 20 49235 40 49248 100
49804 40149421 40 49467 20
49598 20 49624 100 49804 20
49803 20 •
50029!!!!!!!! 4050034 20 60048. ..40
50085 20 50192 20 50289........ 40
60323 200 50377 20 50492 -.100
60548... 40 50687........ 20 .
60690. 20 50698 20 50745... 40
60773 20 51078 100 51292 40
61410 100 51430 40 51<j19 40
51684 20 51502... 20 62013. 100
62161 40 52180........ 100 52429 100
62451.. ...... 100 52542.. 40 62581........ 100
62915 100 53099... 20 63103 40
63144........ . 200 53276..;..... 63373 20
63489........ 40 53505........ 40163801 20
53664 ,' 40 83656 20 53709........ 40
63748 40 53863 20 53878 20
53945 20 54175 20 54225........ 20
54232 20 54417 40 64525 100
54780 65036 40 56095 20
55111 2055210..;' 40 55542 20
65634........ 100:55688 ...... 2055752.. 40
65923 200 65992 40 58025 ..20
66218........ 40156262 \ZO 65337........' 100 ■
66350 ::*. 40 56462........ 20156554. ..,.'.;. 40
66539. 40156650 40 56730........ 20 '
86567. ....... 100 56959... .100 56985........ 20 ■
67045 40 67111 20 57148........ 20 I '
57208........ ,- 20157250 100 57305. 40
67381. ....... 40 57419 57501 ..40
67553... 20|57632. ....... 20 57714........ . 40 '
I 67785 ...... 20158104 40158275 10 '
I 68319........ 40 58339........ 20135391.. .....; 100
. 58535 20 58627 20158662 ..: 20 .
| 58883 20 68745 40158813 100
I 68527 20155920 20|58354. ........ 40 ,
53028.. '20159213 401R9357.. ....... 20 ;
50653........ .20159633 20151707..;..... 20
59772........ '40 53773 20!5a942........ 20 I
60177..:.;.,. .'201602T......... 20|<W472......... 2)
60S 11 ..:..;. 40181020........ 20 61083 20
61243..J....V ,40161260.. ..;... " 20161314. ....... 105 I
61322........ • U0161347........ 20161410........ f: 40
61446.......: ■ .20161467. ....... 40161605........ 100
■61616....'.... v 100161653 20 81749 ...100
617«4 , 40161773........ 2061879........* 40 :
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. jNo. Prize.
61961 .... 20i62043 20;62223 500
62225 ... 20i62672 20,62743 100
62864 20063211 20|63344 100
63479 . 20 63502 20;63667 20
636*9 20 63709 40|63830 :. 40
6383S 40163851 40:63562 20
63882 20 65971 20|64096 40
64302 100 64360 20:64411 100
64715 100:64783 100 64754 20
64799 40,64898 40,64951 20
65113 40 ! 65219 20i65255 100
65263 20:65307 20,65363 40
65379 20 ! 65455 100|65693 20
66699 20 65849 20:65943 40
66079 20 66342 100!66467 40
66491 40 66552 40 66746 100
66759 20:66783 :.. 20,66809 20
67047 40167065 4067074 20
67194 100[67387 100|67424 40
67815 40 88139 20 68270 100
68432 206&510 40;68645 2)
68743 40 6S9BS 20|69277 20
169317 20 69342 20i69460 20
69095 40169840 20:69927 100
1 f.9982 20
70006 100170028 20170078 100
70123 40,70136 20|70320 20
70529 20170*78 100 70557 40
70636 4071061 20J71184 20
71381 2071726 20)71786 20
71819 40J71586 100(71948 20
72013 40.72258 40 72320 20
72360 4072362 20 72381 20
72445 20 72502 40 72591 40
72944 100 72993 40173034 20
73035 20J73062 20J73051 20
73111 40(73150 20)73210 40
73448 20173471 40 73599 200
73660 40i-3656 2073671... 20
73654 2075738 • 20173867 40
73870 40 73922 100,74017 200
74278 20174376 20174466 20
74561 40,74571 40:74614 20
74661 2074669 20 74710 40
74555 100J74572 20J74965 500
75098 40,75114 40175211 2*l
75217 20J75253 20|76523 20
75355 20,75359 40,75460 40
75475 2075477 20,75483 40
75552 40176004 2076029 200
76097 20176115 4076146 40
76421 20(76639 2076659 40
76719 60076776 40)76846 40
76966 2077044 40[77086 20
77184 40J77344 20 77425 100
77431 20J77468 20:77492 40
77512 4017771S 20|77784 20
77756 2077816 40177987 40
78066 20^78073 20178501 40
75.510 40,78516 20178524 20
78610 100J78977 2079190 40
79231 20179301 20 79330 20
70353 100079406 10079680 20
79911 20J79940 20179949 20
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 5734 to SSS4 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60,000— 560.
100 numbers from 3494 to 3594 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each fide of the number
drawing capita! prize of $20.000— 540.
100 number* from 42.781 to 42.881 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000— 520.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 84, being the last
two figures of the number drawLng the capital
prize of $60.000— 520.
799 numbers ending with 44, being the l««t
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000— 520.
No E784 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold in New York City.
No. 3544 draws second capital prize of $20,000,
sold in St Louis. Mo., and Mexico City.
No. 42.831 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold in New Orleans. La., and Chicago, 111.
Nos 66. 21.695. 28.535, 28.488 and 79,353 draw
each $1000. sold in Havana, Cuba; San Fran-
cisco, Cal.: Guatemala City; New Orleans, La.,
and Monterey, N. Leon.
The regular monthly drawing No. 122, with
capital prize of $60,*X>, will take place on
March 23. 1899. Wholes, $4; halves, $2; quar-
ters, $1: eighths, 50 cents: sixteenths. 25 cents,
United States money. ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO, Intervenor.
Prizes Cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal
WEATHER REPORT.
(l!0th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
, SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and reinfall in last twenty-four hours:
. Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 18.76 23.41
Red Bluff 0.00 13. 06 10.53
Sacramento 0.00 . 7.85 8.23
San Francisco 0.00 7.77 7.11
Fresno 0.00 3.74 3.41
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 7.20 5.07
Los Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.30
San Diego O.CO 3.71 8.18
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
56; minimum, mean, 61. ' ■ • •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy overlies the '
British possessions north of Washington; This
has caused rain or snow In Washington and
Northern Oregon and cloudy weather over
Southern Oregon. ' Idaho and Western Montana.
The weather is fair in the remaining, portion
of the Pacific Slope.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Wash
ington and Northern Oregon.
The temperature has risen over Nevada and
Northern Arizona and remained stationary
elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy ;
weather along the coast and fair in the interior !
of California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending- midnight. February 27. 1599:
Northern California— Partly cloudy along the
coast; fair in the Interior Monday; brisk
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday: fresh
west wind. ■ ■ .
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday, probably
with rain or snow in the north z>ortion.
Utah— Cloudy Monday, probably with rain or
snow. in the north portion.
Arizona— Monday.
Monday: fresh northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly Cloudy
G. H. WILL3ON. Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortly of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27.
rises 6:4)
sets ". 6:02
i rises 8:21 p. m.
Ft.
Ft.
.1 ...
is ...
1 ...I
s ...
8 ...
4 ...
5 ...
7:
Ll
I.S
1.9
2.4
2.7
3.0
3.1
6.6 io:i
6.61 11 :<
5.6 12::
I 6:
' 7
4.0
4.2.
4:
'i
NOTE— In the above, exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given !n the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precede* the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
BTEAMERB TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
leveiana
"eeott....
zarlna
rizaba
rational City.
laellc
.ustralla
ulton
/ashtenow....
>el Norte
bt1kat... ..;,..
rescent City. |
ant a Rosa
'01umb1e......
[Puget Sound . Feb. 27
Coos Bay Feb. 27
TaconA- [Feb. 27
Newport ..;..... [Feb. 27
Grays Harbor .'. IFeb. 27
China and Japan Feb. 28
Honolulu Feb. 28
Portland Feb. 28
Tacoma Feb. 23
Grays Harbor .:... Feb. 2S
Humboldt ................. Mar. 1
Crescent City Mar. I
San Diego Mar. 1
Portland .......;. ;: Mar. ,1
Puget 50und............. Mar. 1
Grays Harbor Mar. 1
Mexico ., Mar. 2
Point Arena Mar. 2
Newport ........; Mar. 3
Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 2
Portland Mar. 6
Coos Bay : Mar. 2
Tacoma Mar. 3
Coos Bay [Mar. 4
I San Diego Mar. 5
. Nelscn
lewburg
uracao
olnt Arena...
one 8ay.......
ueen ...... ...
tats of Cal... |
mplre ; |
acktnaw j
rcata I
5r0na..........'
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. [ Pier.,
i. 27, 10 am' Pier 21
i. 27, 11 am Pier 11
i. 27. 4 pmiPler 13
i. 28. 12 miPMSS
i. 28. 2 pm: Pier 9
>. 28, 10 am [Pier 13
r. L, 9 am Pier 11
r. 1. 1 pmIPMSS
r. 1, S pmiPler 2
r. 2, 10 am Pier »
r. 4, Bpm Pier 2
r. 2,. 9 am Pier...
>. 3. 11 amPler 11
r. 4. 10 am I Pier 24
r, 2. 2 pm Pier 13
Sails.
of Call!
a ..... \l
Hand..'."...
Diego
i 8ay...... 1
a .....|<
f Para!
ama.......
na ...11
nb01dt.....!
ulna Bay.
rport ...... I
" - :
'equina
ha .... 1
ty Peking China & Japnj
oha ...... | Point Arena..
matllla ..Vlc&PgtSd.
;. Arena. .'Point Arena.. i
ewport ..Alaska j
mta Rosa San Diego..... !
dumbia . . [Portland i
illkat .. ..IHumboldt. .... !
:
v
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, February 26.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 13H hours from Fort ;
Bregg.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 19 hours rrom Eu
"qfmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, 20 hours frm Usal.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, 61 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports .
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. 10 hours from
I'tnT^'Glpsy, Leland, 33 hours from Moss
Bldston Hill. Jenkins. 136 days from
Br ship Rlversdale. Griffiths. 136 days from
Hamburg. .„ .
Br ship Talus, Stenhouse. 149 days from Car-
Bark Ceylon. Miller. 21 days from Honolulu
Bktn Gardiner City. Palmgren, 4 days :r . tn
Grays Harbor.
Schr Abbie, Hansen, 16 hours from i
Schr Ivy, Samuelson. 3 days from C
Up river direct.
SAILED.
Sunday, Februan 28
I Stmr Chllkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Ellhu Thomsen. Smith.
Stmr Roanoke, Kldston, Manila via Honolulu
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen. Kahulul'
Schr Stella Erland, Anthony, Ama;ala
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing
Schr Archie and Fontle. Jensen, Stewarts
Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb. 26. ID n. m.— "Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ship Talus— Jan S— 3s SB6 45 ■ iir
ship Primrose Hill, from Shields for Sai
Cisco.
Per Br shir Riversdale— Jan 2—52 35 -
W, Br ship Dlmsdale, from Astoria for
town, with foretopgallant mast carried away
wished to be reported all well.
Per Br ship Bldston Hill— Jan 22—16 S 103 W
i Br ship Primrose Hill, from Shields f
| Francisco; wished to be reported a:
! Feb 25, 120 miles SW of San Francisco bound
j In, saw a ship and a bark.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Alliance h~
i Feb 24; stmr Hueneme, hence Feb 23
Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Alliance, for Portland
stmr North Fork, for San Fran
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 26 at 9:30 a m-Schr
Occidental, hence Feb 19.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Feb .6— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Whltesborn, hence
Feb 25.
USA L— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Grace Dollar
hence Feb 24.
CASPAR— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr Xavarro for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr
City, from Dyea: stmr Protres-., hence Feb
22: ship Spartan, hence Feb lfi.
Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Humboldt. for
stmr Charles Nelson and ship Orient
San Francisco.
NEAH BAT— Passed in Feb 26— Ship Spar
tan, hence Feb 16 for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND^SaiIed Feb 2o— Bktn
Amelia, from Port Luc-low for Honolulu
Spokane, from Port Gamble for Honolulu; fiktn
Echo, from Port Blakeley for Kalch^-sv.
Bound out Feb 25— Schr Erie, from Che
malnus for Tientsin.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Feb 26— Bark Sea
King, her.cc Feb 11.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 28— Schr
Wm Renton, hence Feb 15 for Port Gamble
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 26— Schr Funny Du
tard, from Port Blakeley.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Feb 2S— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Feb 25.
ASTORlA— Arrived Feb 26— Br bark Bowman
B Law, from Nagasaki: Fr ship M
Suchet, from Victoria; Br bark Anamba, from
i Honolulu.
I TACOMA— Arrived Feb 26— Ship Columbia,
hence Feb 11.
Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Washtenaw. for San
Francisco: stmr Cnttaere City, for Alaska.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 26— Schr
Azalea, from San Diego.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool: stmr Cuflc. from Liverpool.
Sailed Feb 26 — Stmrs Furnesia and Pomera
nian, for Glasgow: stmr Kaiser Wilh^lm 11,
for Genoa; stmr Amsterdam, for Rotterdam.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr Luca
nia, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Etruria.
from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York.
i , _ — 9
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fefc Steamers leave Broadway
i?itJaw_ wharf, San Francisco:
BKsEisSl^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
■PESttam Feb. 6. 10. 15. 20. 25; Mar. 2;
! Blfiwl change at Seattle.
ro3H For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
HK^ilan C .), Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^^^H HH Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wasn),
10 a. m.. Feb. 5. 10. 15, 20. 25:
cHr&v "SBtaS-ss? assß
"Vewnort 9a. m. Feb. 1. R. »• ls - J- 1 - zs - "■
Mar P ? and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, -topping only at Port Har-
| ford (San Luis Oblspo) Santa Barbara. Port
m 3B FeT 1 !' rtW? zr^Ma^Wd
! 'Tor K^adaf $££$& Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata. La Pax Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Feb. 11. Mar. 9,
| A or 8 'further information i 2 bt * ! . n .folder.
The company reserves the rig ht to « hang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
"TICKET 'oFFIOK-4 New Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Soear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA DC *12 First Class Including Berth*
rAnt S8 Second Clas* and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12. 22; March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. 17. IT,
ihort 'line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Batte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
*"""*■ E- c. WARD. General Agent.
(30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO^^
Gompagnie Generate Transaflantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS rri>^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday j^gn>
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North JBaWam
River, foot of Morton street
LA NORMANDIE .March 4
LA CHAMPAGNE ................March 11
LA BRETAGNE..... X*"?! If
LA TOURINE • M * , 1 2 ?
LA NORMANDIE •• •i A ? rll 1
First -clas« to Havre. »65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trfp. Second-class to
Havre »45 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES!
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery aye., San F,ranclsco. .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
'Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May «
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NSW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... February 23fSt. Paul March £
St. Louis March I 1 St. Louis March »
RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, II noon.
Kensington.... Feb'y 18 Bouthwark...... March S
Nrordland Feb y 21 : Wssternland . .March/ 15
Frlesiand March 1 {Kensington.... March 2]
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
. .-•• ■ " sage apply to ■
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. < Ny of its agencies
S - S -' AUSTRALIA
i^T^tl^MilSS Ball 3 for "onolulu
BlMtW&Zlk Wednesday, March S,
HrtS^ESO ■ J^«— — >v- at. 2 p.m. .
PHMllMlfl The -s - AUSTRALIA
g|«nW^ne 8 | r y, »S
The P S. S. Alameda
t«£^^nMCdnlsnD c ' * alls vla Honolulu and
SSSfflr <SmMhli: Auckland for Sydney
3riP^ (OdlßQliU- Wednesday. March 22,
«>^ V" I * 1 ~ at 10 p. m. .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, "
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB ST n ATEEBS.
U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
■_-'. . Steamer • "Montlcello. ".., •" ' ■'.
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. it. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. .in.
Landing and office. Mlsslon-st. Dock. Pier No.
1. Telephone. Main 1508. . -
FARE HaNOW COME
THE FEBRUARY
SCHOOL BILLS
What Willthe Monthly
Saving Be?
CANNOT PAY JANUARY BILLS
NO jiiORE CUTS IN THE FORCE OF
TEACHERS.
The Rehearsing of the Kilpatrick
Case Considered Only a Useless
Threshing Over of Old
Straw.
In a few days the Board of Education
•will be wrestling with the financial prob
lem of the February bills. Those of Janu
ary. Jess 20 per cent, footed up a total of
584.000, and with the holdback the expendi
ture of the month was $105,wa). or, in
round numbers. $4000 in excess of the one
twelfth allowance. The teachers' salaries
alone were 172,000, and may be dropped
$5000 for February. The $4000 for the jani
tors will probably stand at the same fig
ure, as little changes were made in these
employes. The rents. $700, and office and
shop. $1200, will not take much of a fall,
but the labor and bills, $6000 for January,
may decrease about one-half for Febru
ary, making a saving of $8000 or possibly
$10,000 over last month. This will lower
the $106,000 of January to $95,000, leaving a
surplus of $6000 out of the monthly $lUI,
--000 allowance
No attempt will be made to settle the 20
per cent holdover, amounting to $21,000.
with February money, though a small
payment may be made with a view of
lowering this deficit. Consequently the
teachers must be content with monthly
installments till all of January is paid.
The retrial of the KilpatricK case is
considered oy some of the directors of the
present board as being about the most
useless threshing over of old straw that
couLd be imagined. In the former trial
Ki'.patrick, with a board that was thirst
ing for his gore, beat the game with both
hands down. What will he not do now.
with a body of Directors in office that are
disposed to treat him with something
like justice? Said a Director yesterday:
"The best thing we can do is to drop the
Kilpatrick matter as quickly as we can.
It is one of the inheritances from our pre
decessors."
There will probably be no more cuts in
the teacher force of the School Depart
ment, as the board members eel that any
more action along that line would cripple
the schools. Although six new vice prm
cipalshipß were created at the last meet
ing, the positions will not be filled until
the finances of the department permit the
outlay.
ALAMEDANS WILL SUE
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
OUTCOME OF WRECK ON THii
NARROW-GATJGE ROAD.
Thousands of Dollars Asked as Salve
for Injuries That Will Cripple
for Life.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
U2S Park street. Feb. 2?,.
•The Southern Pacifio Company must de-
Large damage suits as a result
i i the wreck of the narrow-gauge train,
January 31. at Second avenue station. It
was at first supposed that none of the
passengers were injured except for a few
slight bruises, but to-day it develops that
two Alameda citizens were severely hurt
'- — one will probably be crippled for !ife and
the other will suffer from his in.v: lea for
•months. R. E. Parr of 1193 Park
and. Edward Gebers of 2111 San Antonio
avenue are the gentlemen. Parr has lost
the use of his right leg. His spine was
jarred and the sciatic nerve of the right
■ leg paralyzed. Gebers sustained a fracture
' of two ribs. Both -gentlemen will com
mence actions against the railroad com
pany for damages.
Mr. Parr, who is a mining man, states
that his injuries have prevented him com
pleting several large transactions which
would have netted him at least $50,000. His
physicians offer him no hope of ever being
able to use his injured leg again. He will
S-ue for $10,000 damages.
Mr Gebers undertook to reach an ami
cable settlement with the railroad, but he
Bays that he received such treatment from
Claim Adjuster Sessions that he has de
cided to take the case into the courts.
•'When I went to see Mr. Sessions." said
Mr Gebers, "and explained to him the
extent of my injuries I expected to be
treated courteously. He only laughed at
my claim, and told me if I thought I could
«et any money out of the railroad com
pany to go ahead and sue. I intend to
°The V day following the accident Mr. Parr
had several parties examine the rails on
the curve near the scene of the accident.
It was found that the inner side of the
outer rails of the curve was worn away
nearly to the center. Recently the dam
aged rails have been replaced by new
ones.
Hancock Eleven Wins.
An exciting football game took place
yesterday afternoon between the Hancock
School eleven and the Montgomerys, re
sulting in victory for the former team oy
a ecore of 5 to 2.
Three bodies Becovered.
SAIV JOSE, Feb. 25.— The bodies of the |
three men, who were caved upon while |
discing a ditch for irrigation purposes !
"on the Lion ranch, near San Martin, were ;
ex-humed at an early hour this morning.
A Coroner's inquest was held, the verdict
being that Patrick Dily, George Bentler
arid James Fitzgerald met their death in .
an accidental cave in, responsibility being |
fiJced on no one.
ADVESTISEMENT^ ___^
| Healthy /^^^ 1
i Old Men. iki^^p^^%jS|jij ( , i
® Now it has been found that old j|ll^3|^AiJL/V4^iliß^l -f
•♦• age is caused by hardening of the |(JM|^SM. _ W £k&MfMJiW& \ '.
t orlthe body. Some men beßln to die ; W N^MSl^i^r f ®
-*• at that age. Youth comes from mHHRZKW f?H|li { g
® warm blooTand warm blood is ere- ■P7?igfep^jjOTL JIH
® fs an old man who has bad youth re- ''lli^^^^l |\V |
| lie Discards His Cane at 77 ,|
V "I consider your Belt the grandest remedy I ever heard of for^rheumatiEm, lumbago X
« «i«Swca'knM». lam 77 years old. and after using your Belt thirty days _ the ¥
¥ ?HiiS'nm* has been remarkable. lam now free from all pains and aches, and have X
(Si S^fffiSed my cane I fee better than I have for thirty years. I am known all over .
2. fhfs^untry y a C nd n will answer any Inquiry made of me regarding th* effect _of^ your -$ i
,A Belt. Yours truly, . / w> *• n*-*-uiuxsu.
i Madera.Cal. v# . > t -^
® vitality makes warm blood. Electricity furnishes vitality. I. you feel old +
+ flii vmfrbodv with electricity. It will restore youthful vigor and make you ▼
® fnrirVt vour -veSrs It hi Tbeen done for thousands with my Dr Sanden Elec- ®
> t°ic g ßelt Call Ind see it, or let me send you my book about it, "Three Classes £
® of Men," closely sealed, free. , r ; ®
® dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, t NO t ;in drug stores. * ®
+ 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. ■ Sanden's Electric Belt ®
® Office hours— 3 a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 lg never sold in drug stores nor i
-♦■ to 1 Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 204',,. South . by traveling agents; only at ®
® Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 • Washington St. our office. X
■4 Denver. Colo.. 9SI Sixteenth et.: Dalla». Tex., ■ ' , * ®>
§ Denver. Butte, Moat., 110 North Main St. ■♦ , .., : ..^.,- •■-.;■ .- fa
255 Main St.; Butte, Mont., 110 North Main st. ♦ ♦
■ •:- ■--,■.•. "■ ■■■■ -; --'i r -•-;"-:-■.■■• -■■ ;•■...• ■:-': ' • :'.■-■ '■ . ■ .'
MLLE. PIANKA SWOONS
AMONG FIERCE LIONS
MLLE. PIANKA. "the Lady of Lions," as the show bills read, passed \*
through a hair-curling adventure yesterday afternoon when she was 3
displaying her lion-taming abilities before the usual Sunday crowd . at 85
the Chutes. She had just finished the first part of her * performance «
and was making her quick change in the darkened cage when she fainted and 82
fell prostrate in the corner within easy reach of her crouching and glowering
leonine pets. #
The attendants did not know that she had fainted until they heard the gj
fall of her body on the floor of the cage. Her husband then grasped the #
long Iron pole with which the lions are driven out of the big cage into their 38
separate boxes and forced them away from the "Mile. Pianka," who was 0
lying near the gate through which she gains an entrance to the cage. The 88
curtain was dropped before the spectators realized that an accident had &
taken place and the lights were instantly turned on. Unlocking the gate, 28
pulling it open and drawing the body of Pianka out was the work of an in- «
stant, but it was none too soon, for the favorite pet of all, Spitfire, was mov- S3
ing toward the prostrate body. Pianka was dragged out of the cage and the »
door closed just in time. .' ,:> 88
The feminine tamer of wild beasts has been suffering of late from an W
abscess in the right ear. It was specially painful yesterday, causing violent *5
headaches and nervous excitement. It is to this that Pianka assigns the 8
cause of her swooning in the cage. An hour after the accident she was herself g
again and expressed a willingness to go on for the regular performance of the §|
evening. S
MBBaOBgQH B 88»8» BSCtBSaS£C£iOHB 88 CB»OS*O!*OS*OS* O Si 0 SS O <S£BS£g£C3Bsil
CANOES AND SLOOPS
RACE ON THE CREEK
HALF-RATER NINETTE BEATS
THE OAKLAND FLEET.
Vitesse Wins the Holiday Cup of the
Canoe Club on Time
Allowance.
The February race of the Oakland navy,
postponed from the 12th inst. because of
lack of wind, took place yesterday on
San Antonio Estuary over the usual tri
angular course of about seven miles. Four
canoes, three sloops and the half-rater
Ninette started. Ninette won, covering 1
the course in 1 hour 26 minutes 48 seconds,
the canoe Whim' being second in 1 hour
31 minutes and 4 seconds. The start was
made at 12:30 p. m., and there being no
time allowances in the Oakland navy
races, each boat's starting time was taken
as 1:1:30 p. m., and the first boat to cross
the finishing line opposite the Alameda
Boat Club house won. The table shows
the results:
OAKLAND NAVY RACE. FEBRUARY 20, 1599.
CRAFT.
NAME.
First
Round.
H.M.S.
Second
Round.
H.M.S.
Finishing
Time.
H.M.S.
Elapsed
Time.
H.M.S.
Canoe i
Half -rater I
Canoe I
Canoe i
Canoe i
Sloop
Sloop (
Whim
Ninette
Nereid
[Codia
| Vitesse
12:57:15
12:57:53
12:59:49
12:59:49
12:59:13
1:01:11
1:06:16
1:02:45
1:32:26
1:29 23
1:32:33
1:33:28
1:34:17
1:37:58
1:47:32
1:40:03
2:01:04
1:56:48
2:01:18
2:02:23
2:12:25
2:07:10
2:21:05
2:09:57
1:31:04
1:26:43
1:31:18
1:32:28
1:42:25
1:37:10
1:51:05
1:39:57
Flash
[Beatrice
Ahwahnee
Sloop I
The canoe Vitesse reached the finishing I
line at 10 minutes past 2 o'clock, but
crossed on the wrong side of the flag.
She had to put about, come around ana
make for the line a second time. In this
wav she lost more than two minutes.
The Oakland Canoe Club* took the op
portunity of holding its race for the :
Holiday cup, a trophy open only to boats
belonging to the club, at the same time ,
as, and over the first two rounds oj. the
course for. the Oakland navy race. The
time for the Holiday cup was taken at i
the end of the second round, and the j
: canoe Whim gave time allowance to the
; other canoes as follows: To Nereid. 3 .
| minutes: to Codia, 4 minutes; to Vitesse,
5 minutes; to Gnat, S minutes, and to
Bonita, 8 minutes. The canoe \ "ease.
though last of the canoes to cross the
line at the end of the second round, be
ing 1 minute and 51 seconds behind the
Whim yet beat them easily by time al
lowance. The results of the racing for >
the Holiday cup are shown in the table.
OAKLAND C^OB «^ A% CBFOR HOU-
Time Finish i Elapsed Corrected ;
C *"-. AMow- TM. T. Sf . Tig..
il§ Refill HI; HI .
Codia ..4m1n.... 1:33:28 1.0*28 .59.2.
Vitesse . 5 m1n.... 1:34:17 1:04:17 -S9-"
The breeze was moderate to fresh and j
; chiefly westerly. Commodore Philip ,
I Caduc cruised about with several friends ,
! in the sloop Zephyr, but did not enter
> the races. The programme of the Oak
land Canoe Club will be made puolic
I soon and will include six races for the
Holiday cup. five for the sloops enrolled j
j in the club and one every month for the
Mvrisch badge. Three races open to both \
' sloops and l canoes belonging to the club j
will be held, and two events open to all
'■ Hubs on the bay for boats not less than
fifteen and not more than twenty- two
feet measurement according to the rule ,
: ad T ThO h P e t€ fn^es? e in Cl^e races of .the g Oak
ipnd navy is increasing, and as the
Son advances and the breezes grow
stronger and more certain the list of en
tries will become larger and the races
: more exciting and full of interest.
A SUNDAY LAW NECESSARY.
The Rev. Charles Edward Locke on
the Tendencieb of the Times.
At the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church last evening Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, the pastor, delivered a sermon on
the subject, "Why the State of California
Should Have a Sunday Law." The text
was Isaiah lviii:l3-14, "If thou ahalt call
tbe Sabbath a delight, the holy of the ,
Lord, honorable; I will cause thee to ride <
upon the high places of the earth." Dr. !
Locke said in part: .-,_.,
"The Sabbath is a memorial of God s
fatherly care of his children. The need of
the Sabbath inheres in man's physical
necessities. A noted physician says: 'Men
no longer die, they kill themselves.' The
body must have an abundance of regular i
rest. No man will die from overwork '
who rests absolutely one uay in seven.
"The Sunday is indispensable as a nome j
day. It is the only day of the week in j
which the busy father can get acquainted
With his famiiy. Yonder glistening me- j
mortal leaning against the eastern sky j
is not so much a monument to the Father
of His Country as It is a testimonial to <
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JfH-ISKUAKr 27, 1899.
the Christian home, as it recalls "Wash
ington's own words, 'All I am I owe to
my mother.' The home is the palladium
of the republic: the Sabbath is necessary
to the home.
"The Sabbath is necossary as a day of
worship. Worship inculcates reverence.
Monarchies may exist by force, but re
publics can live only by virtue. Worship
establishes a standard of morals. And as
a worship day Sunday is the great oppor
tunity for religious enterprises. Ten mil
lions of children are trained by I.OOO.tXK)
devoted teachers in the principles of true
character. It is the day for deeds of
mercy and philanthropy in hospitals,
prisons and the slums. There ought to be
a Sunday law setting the day aside as a
rest day, a worship day. because this is a
Christian nation— so recognized in the
common law of the land.
"This State should enact^and enforce a
Sunday law, because Sabuath breaking
leads "to anarchy, unbelief and im
morality. Places of blackest vice thrive
on the Sunday because the victims are on
the streets on the Sunday.* In defense of
the weaker elements of society a Sunday
iaw ought to close places of vice. With
out a Sunday law labor is being gradually
enslaved. Labor organizations snould
earnestly demand a Sunday law and a re
duction of Sunday labor in self-defense.
Avarice and greed are requiring seven
days' labor for six days' pay. As a pleas
ure day the Sunday is already a slumber
ing volcano."
A NICE FAMILY ROW.
Efforts of a Drunken Man to Clean
Out His Batch of Relatives.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 2G.— A wedding and a
free family fight among the brothers of
the bride took place at the Perry resi
dence to-night. Miss Louise Perry was
married to Manuel Mentel. on Valdez
street, North Alameda, by the Rev.
Father Gloria early in the evening. About
10 o'clock Manuel Perry, one of her
brothers, came h»me fighting drunk and
proceeded to clean out the house, begin
ning with his father and mother, and
t;iding with the newly married sifter, tak
ing a fall or two out of the bridegroom
on the way.
The drunken man was finally laid out
A'lth a blow on the head with an ivory
club in the hand of another brother
named Julian. Manuel was taken to the
Receiving- Hospital with a badly cracked
scalp and muttering in his delirium that
he would kill the whole family, and Ju
llan was ar«ested by Deputy Sheriff Quin
lan and Special Officer Stewart, charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Lillie Roden, Caroline Day, Emilio Laetreto,
William Crane Spencer. Alexander MeConnell.
by Frank H. Burke (referee) to Robert G.
Hooker, lot on XV line n.t Polk street, 63:10)*
N of Clay. N 63:10U by W 123:6; $22,000.
Joseph Begin. Caroline Day, Emiliu Lastreto
and LiUie Roden to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $1750.
Philip G. and Julia B. Galpin and Howard
Havens to Stephen D. Ives, lot on E line of
Gough street, 137:6 N of Broadway, S 26:6 by
E 87:6; $10.-
J. W. and Johanna Hamilton to Charles
Mayer, lot on S line of Fulton street, 192:6 E
of Fillmore, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Bernard and Rebecca Jacobs to James Gibb,
lot on E line of Fillmore, 125 N of Geary. N
22 by E $1:3; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Hibernla
Savings end Loan Society, lot on E line of
Stelner street, 72 N of Waller, N 25 by E 81:3;
•
Hibernia Savings' and Loan Society to J. W.
Smith, same; $1750.
City and County of San Francisco to Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society, re-record 1598 d 279,
lot on W line of Steiner street, 137:6 N of
Union, N 97:6. W 68:9; S 100, E 82:5%; $ .
Susan Taylor to Patrick, and Sarah Carey,
lot on N line of McAllister street, 106:3 W of
Lett, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Ambrose (executor estate John D. Corkery), lot
on E line of Hampshire street, 95 Is' of Twen
ty-third, N. 25 by E 100; $ .
William A. and Delia F- NevllJs to Mary F.
McGurn and 8. J. and J. H. Hendy, lot on
NW corner of Kearny and Francisco streets,
114:7. (executor estate John 114:7, lot
2 Sine of Hampshire .street, 95 N of Twen
uird, N 25 by E 100; $ .
illiam A. and Delia F. Nevllls to Mary F.
Jurn and S. J. and J. H. Hendy, lot on
corner of Kearny and Francisco streets,
14:7. W 91:S, N 45:10, E 91:8, N 114:7, W
137:6, S 68:8. W 183:4, S 206:8. E 45:10, N 80,
E 40, S 60, E 235; $25,000.
Alameda County.
J. D. Rhoades to Edmund Brown, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-first and ■■ Curtis streets. E
60 by N 100, block J, Curtis & Williams Tract,
Oakland; $1."
R. W. and Ella M. Rupe to Mary E. Knowles,
lots 15 to 19, block P. Knowles and Potter sub
division Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $10.
A.v W. Robinson to same, same, quitclaim
deed, East Oakland; $10.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Charles
Camden, undivided 2-3 interest of following:
Lot on S line of Frederick street, 106 W of
Park street or Twenty-third avenue. W 19, 3
50. E 125. N 27.25, to beginning; alao lot« 11 to
17, 21 to 42. block B, and entire block C, Cam
den Twenty-third avenue Tract; also lot on
NE corner of King and Frederick streets. E
129:8, W to a point 16 N from point of begin
ning, S 16, to beginning; also lot on SW corner
of Shell Mound Tract and King street. SW
836.67. SE 140.95, BE 372.90. SE 378.35. to center
Shasta avenue; thence NE to W line of King
street, N 607.80, to beginning, quitclaim deed,
East Oakland: $5.
Mountain view Cemetery Association to
Hannah Rendell, lot 154 in plat 40, Mountain
Vlaw Cemetery. Oakland Township; $114.
Joseph and Sarah H. R. Hume to Helen W.
Martin (wife of E. J.), lot on NE corner of
Cedar and Henry streets. E 135 by N 60, be
ing lot 19, block 8. Graves and Taylor Tract,
Berkeley; $2500.
Helen W. and Egbert J. Martin to Joseph
Hume, lots 36 and 37, block 6, amended map of
Central Park, Alcatraz and Newbury stations,
Berkeley: $2000.
Alameda Savings Bank to Margaretta C.
Bromiy, lot on S line of San Joee avenue, 200
W of Willow street. W 50 by S 150. being lot
14, in E half of block N, lands adjacent to
Encinal. Alameda: $10.
H. A. and Effle O. Installs to William H.
Gibbe, lot on N line of . Thirty-second street,
75:9 E of Linden, XV 35 by N 100, Oakland, sub
ject to a mortgage for $1750; $10.
S. E. Holden to Oakland Bank •of Savings,
lot on SW line of East Ninth street, 150 NW of
Fourth . avenue, , NW 50 by SW 125, block 5,
Clinton, East Oakland; also lot on SW line of
East Ninth street, 225 NW, of Fourth avenue,
NW 75 by 6W 125, block 5, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
Adolph Wollltz to B. F. Edwards, lot on E
j line of Calhoun street, 125 S from B line of
county road, - Oakland to San Leandro, 8 60.90,
E 100, N 78.86. W 103.88 to beginning, being lot
29, block G, Huntington Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $5. r ■ ■ •'■■■ : ■■, t>
Union Savings Bank to Albert J. Gurnett, lot
on N line of Alameda avenue. 250 W of Oak
street. W 150 by N 150, being lots 2. 3 and 4 of
E half of block C, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda: $10.
Christian and Julia Meyer to J. N. Cox, lot
on SE corner of' Champion and Palmetto
streets, E 121. 8 69.50, W 120.88, N 59.50 to be
ginning, being lots 9 and 10, resubdlvlslon of
block B. Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship (subject to mortgage) ; $700.
Builders' Contracts. .
Robert Strahle (owner) "' with '■■ William Plant
(contractor), architect owner— All work ; for .; a
1-story and attic cottage on S line of Duncan
street, 126:6 E of Sanchez. E 25 by 6 114. - - ;
E. L. Christin (owner) with E. C. - Bletch
(contractor), architect owner— All \ alterations
and additions, owner to furnish ' finished hard
ware and altering porches for rear houses," etc.,
to make a 2-story frame building on 8 line of
Hayes street, 165 W of Franklin, W 27 :« by
120.
LIFE INSURANCE.
fJFTMHIRD
ANNUAL REPORT
OF THE
CONNECTICUT
MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
To the Members:-^
In connection with the following com- i
! ments upon our business in 1898, we ask j
your careful reading of the Financial ;
! Statement which is printed in another col- j
umn, the items of which are. therefore, >
not repeated here.
It is very gratifying to be able to say j
1 that, notwithstanding the many untoward j
conditions of the past year, its main re- j
sults, so far as the Connecticut Mutual j
' Is concerned, have been satisfactory, j The ;
mortality has been favorable; the lapses
and surrenders were relatively few; the j
amount of business In force and the pre- j
mium Income have Increased; the assets
' have Increased, by $598,345 46, and the sur-j
' plus by $160,225 23; the company's own
' unique standard of economy has been;
i maintained; it has made the cost of its
' insurance less than that in any other
I company through Its larger aver- :
' age dividends, which it has not i
'• had to reduce for the year 1899;
I its securities have largely in-
creased in market value; it has maintain- j
ed Its conservatism at every point, and is
t prepared with growing strength to repeat ,
in the future its unrivaled success of the
past fifty-three years.
Assets, Liabilities, and Surplus.
The admitted assets January 1, 1899, \
were $64,182,387 27; the total liabiliites were ;
?56.665,545 20, leaving a surplus of $7,516,- j
! 542 07. Of these liabilities $55,361,814 is the ;
; reserve from former premiums required
to meet the increasing mortality of the j
future from the increasing age of our
members, their premiums remaining uni-
form except as decreased by yearly divi-
dends. The legal standard of solvency :
requires this reserve to be computed on
the assumption that the companies will
earn 4 per cent annual interest as long as
any of the policies in the account may
continue; a possible period of sixty or j
seventy years.
In 1882. the Connecticut Mutual, alone
among the companies, anticipating the
great decline which has taken place in the
rate of Interest and is still in progress.
based its premiums and reserves for all .
I business thereafter on the assumption of
, earning only 3 per cent, as the highest
■ safe calculation for so long a future. This
1 makes our reserve $1,822,059 larger than it
' is by the legal standard of solvency, and
! our surplus correspondingly smaller. By
that standard our reserve liability is $53,-
-539,755, and our surplus $9,338,601. Thus
have we long been steadily preparing for
1 that which is now startlingly evident to j
• all. , „
Insurance in Force.
The early months of the year gave
promise of considerable increase in busi-
ness, which was checked by the outbreak
and progress of the war; but so small
relatively were our lapses and surrenders j
that we, nevertheless, made a gain in the j
' amount of business in force. The per- !
sistence of our business is a most gratify- ;
! ing feature of our experience. It adds
i steadiness to all our operations, gives us
! the greater benefit of care in the selection
i of risks, and materially assists to keep
[ down the expense account.
We had in force January 1, 1899, 66,862
policies for $158,078,850; an ample business
for securing the most satisfactory results
: to policy-holders, and presenting less dif-
ficult problems in management than per- j
i tain to a business of several times greater
I magnitude. ■&
A Favorable Mortality.
We had a very favorable mortality ex- ;
j perience for the year, the losses incurred :
i being so much less than those expected by i
the Mortality Table and provided for by ■
, our premiums and reserves as to make a
| saving of $541,268. While our death rate \
> varies somewhat from year to year, such j
! has been the care exercised in the accept- |
: ance of risks that the variations have so i
I far all been well within the amounts called !
; for by the table, affording very material !
I savings. In no year has such a saving
j failed to be effected.
The Interest Rate and Its Incidents.
The past four or five years have been ;
; notable for the great volume of loans paid
j off by borrowers, for a great diminution in
1 the demand for loans by new borrowers,
I the consequent accumulation of funds
; awaiting investment, and a decline in the
I rate of Interest pending a revival of de-
■ mand. The hard times of the early nineties
: with the panic of 1893"and the depres-
; sion following, made a great many solvent
I borrowers anxious to get out from under
; the burden or' debt and interest paying
and forced a great deal of foreclosure in
the case of insolvent or embarrassed bor-
rowers. The conditions have not yet so
far changed for the better as to re-estab-
lish the demand and the rates for money
It has, therefore, during the past year
been more difficult than usual to keen
money satisfactorily employed The
money received in payment for loans has
not been absorbed by loans of a like char-
y^L and £? s v, ha 1 d t0 , Beck investment in
bonds of a high class for security but at
a lower rate of interest. ." au ;
I fv, The conditions which have so affected '
♦£ c r i ate ,2 f . ntere t have- not only caused ,
i the liquidation of many loans by fore- !
j closure, but have prevented the real es- i
tate market from recovering its normal !
activity so as. to cause : the reabsorption
of the foreclosed properties by individual
holders. The real estate market is the l
last to respond to either favorable or. un-
favorable influences. When the market >
recovers its tone there Is good reason to i
believe that our properties, taken as a
whole, will prove .worth all they have
cost. Our past experience under like con-
ditions fully justifies that belief. Mean- I
time, we are in a condition to await a re- i
turn to conditions which will enable us to
sell at fair prices.
The stocks and bonds which now form I
a large item of our assets (at a market !
value of over $20,000,000) are of the best '
character for security, yielding as fair a
rate of Interest as the times allow upon '■
Investments of the highest class. Only I
one item of these securities is In any i
questionable , condition. The city of Aus- j
tin, Texas: after receiving the money for
an issue or $40,000 of bonds and paying in-
| terest on them for fourteen years, has I
now refused further payment, and denies !
I its obligation, alleging a technical defect i
I in its own compliance with the compli- I
| cated laws of the State. The matter is
: being properly cared for. ,
This item aside, our assets are In a thor-
j oughly sound condition.
I The Distinctive Position of the Con-
necticut Mutual.
We desire to call most careful attention
' to the particular, and as we. believe, the
i peculiar value of the Connecticut Mutial i
I to its policy-holders and to the insuring
pui/.ic. and especially to those principles !
I and practices which so widerv distinguish !
: it from the great competitors, >
In ' the intense struggle between many i
of the companies during late years for
! pre-eminence In the volume of new busi-
I ness and ! premium Income and in - rapidity
and magnitude of growth, certain funda-
mental facts have been put aside by the I
companies themselves and concealed from
the public; false motives have been ap-
pealed to in support of schemes radically
efectlve In character, practices have
been widely introduced which are de-
structive In tendency and .vicious in every j
aspect; entirely false tests of success have
been set up to justify more than doubtful \
means, and the simple ends of real life In-
surance, and the j simple means ( and tests
of a real success have - been •. ignored, de-
nied > and - contemned. Some of the com- j
i najaiaa which have resorted to these |
LIFE INSUBANCE.
things have woh great magnitude; but it
has been done by persuading the public.
In the hope of personal profit, to invest in
schemes many of which avoid even the
name of life insurance, which in operation
destroy equity and all mutuality between
policy-holders, and which have been cun-
ningly devised to conceal from policy-
holders the enormous cost at which tho
competition has been and is being con-
ducted. Dividends are postponed for long
periods of years in the certainty that
those who do not continue on through
them will not have the chance to see the
effect of a high expense rate, and in the
hope that these will go out in such num-
bers that they will leave enough behind
for those who do continue through to
make them indifferent to the general high
Against the almost infinite number of
such plans, made to look desirable by va-
rious devices, we ask every man who has
a family to protect to carefully note, what
Is the real purpose, the true motive^ the
true methods, and the proper cost of life
insurance, and the manner in which the
Connecticut Mutual illustrates these
tilings in Its business.
The Beal Purpose of and True Motive
for Life Insurance.
When a man marries he makes his wife
practically helpless and dependent upon
himself. His children come into the
world utterly helpless and dependent on
him. He has created, of his own free
will, a helpless and dependent family.
They depend on him for protection
against their need and their aelplessness
Society looks to him to protect it against
the helpless dependence which he has cre-
ated. By every, obligation which can ap-
peal to unselfish affection, honor, and
conscience, he is bound to protect his fam-
ily against the helplessness and depend-
ence which he has imposed upon them,
and to protect society against the burden
which belongs to him because he has
made it. And this he does, ordinarily, by
his own productive labor. While he lives ,
he works and earns, and his earning sup-
plies his family's need and is their pro-
tection In their helplessness and depend-
ence, .
But his life is not certain for , hour ;
His family are under the constant risk of
losing it and all It does for them, and of
being left still heipless, still dependent,
with the protection gone. It is this con-
tinued risk which he has puc uoon them;
it is this unprotected helpless dependence
to which he hasexposed them; it is against
this which he is therefore bound to pro-
tect them. He is bound to provide at once
and to have always ready a surncient sud-
Btitute for his earnings after he is ffone.
There is but one nossible way to do all
this. Thrift and saving alone cannot do
it. If he lives long enough and saves, he
may after many years have enough for the
purpose. But that is as uncertain as his j
living to earn the daily uread. The fam-i
lly's risk is now, every day. The effect of ,
saving and laying aside in ordinary ways
is far off in the uncertain future. Th" ,
family needs instant and constant and full
protection against an instant and constant i i
risk. They can have It in but Just on© ]
way; the rrian must take of his savings a
sufficient amount and use It as a life in-
surance premium. His small annual saving
so used will provide instantly and con-
stantly the protection they need and
which he can furnish in no other way.
Therefore he is bound to use life insur-
ance for their protection. That is the pur-
pose of it; that is the one thing it can do
that nothing else can. There is his only
true motive in It; an obligation which has
! no alternative except the denial of duty to
i those he has made helpless.
To the perfect accomplishment of this
; simple, single purpose and result should j
pvery incident of the business be adjusted.
I Its every dealing with the husband and :
father should be informed and inspired by j
the high motive which moves him to in-
voke its indispensable aid for the Instant
and effective protection of those whom he
must but cannot otherwise protect.
If it is his clear duty to use life Insur-
ance, then it is the clear duty of those ;
who administer it to make that use as
effective as possible to its true end; to '
: give him its sincerest, simplest, best help,
; at its least possible cost, and with an eye
I single to the family's most complete pro-
| tection.
The Purpose and Value of Mutuality.
Because life Insurance is the one and
only way in which men of moderate or i
small means can at once provide the nee- j
essary family protection, and because it |
Ik at the cheapest a matter of cost and a
pure expense to him who provides it. In !
order to make it as cheap as possible, and
so as largely available as possible, to all
who need it, it is sought to give it to each
policy holder at its bare, actual cost.
The cost of life Insurance is due to two
things: The death losses and the ex-
penses. In calculating the premiums to
be charged both these things are as-
sumed, as they cannot be exactly fore-
known. If the loasea are less than was
assumed, a part f that element of the '
premium Is saved. If the expenses are !
less than was assumed, a part of that
element of the premium is saved. If I
more Interest is earned on the
reserves than was assumed, just J
so much more of the premium Is
saved. If now these three items of sav-
ing are returned to the policy holders In
the proportion that each man's payments
have helped produce them, then each man
will have his insurance at its exact cost .
to the company, no matter what the
nominal premium on his policy may be.
He gets the most Insurance possible for
his money. That is what mutuality does.
That is what it Is for.
True Mutuality.
The Connecticut Mutual aims to make
this principle effective in its widest scope
and to Its highest degree. Not only has
it no stockholders to absorb these yearly
savings as tneir profit, but it has no Ton-
tine, Investment, or other special classes
of policy holders, with postponed or de-
ferred dividend periods, each man hoping
to make a speculation out of the accumu-
lated savings othrrs may have to leave
behind them by death or lapse during the
period. Its yearly savings whether from
a low death rate, a high rate of interest
or a low rate of expense, go directly back
to Its policy holders in the proportion in
which each man's payments have exceed-
ed the cost of his risk in yearly dividends.
So that year by year each man sfets his
insurance at its actual coßt to the com-
pany and at the lowest cost which, by
careful selection of risks, good investment
and economy in expenses, the manage-
ment Is able to secure. No policy holder
gets the savings made on another man's
policy. No policy loses its savings because !
of the death of the Insured. His savings
are paid with the policy. In case of lapse
his contributions to the reserve are not
put into the deferred dividend speculation,
but are used as a single premium to give
paid up insurance for as large an amount
as possible in place of the policy which
has lapsed.
We give to each his own overpayments,
and to no one what of right, and equity,
and true mutuality, belongs to another.
True Cheap Insurance.
Obviously, that company which has the
lowest death rate, which earns the high-
est interest, and pays out the least for
expenses, will give insurance at the least
cost to its policy-holders, as a whole. It
will effect the largest sa\Tng*. If it re-
turns those savings in strict conformity
w|th the principles of mutuality It will i
also give the cheapest individual insur- I
ance on the average. We say "on the
average," because some companies which
make dividends so discriminate against
certain classes of policy-holders and In
favor of others, that while In the aggre-
gate and on the average their dividends
are very small, in certain cases they may
be large; a poor sort of mutuality.
Cost In the Connecticut Mutual.
The Connecticut Mutual exercises great
care in all that affects its death rate; It
confines its business to the healthy por-
tions of our own country. No desire for
size has led it to acquire business In
varied climates, under conditions of
widely differing effect upon life and
health, and beyond effective control. Its
medical service is organized with grreat
care, and the result of Its selection of
risks is shown In the very low mortality
and the great saving already referred to.
Its Interest rate is as high as is con-
sistent with safety, and has so far been
a source of large saving. With its 3 per
cent assumption its experience is likely to
remain relatively good.
Its rate of expense Is and always has
been less on the average than that of any
other, company. The expense rate of its
greatest competitors ranges from 75 to
100 per cent and over above that of the
Connecticut Mutual. Its savings from
that source are unequaled by any and ap-
proached by very few Indeed.
High' Dividends — Low Cost.
A3 a consequence of all this long-con-
tinued care and economy, the aggregate
savings of the Connecticut Mutual have
been greater than those of any other
company. Its annual returns or dividends
of these savings to its members have
been larger than In any other company,
unless In cases of exceptionally favorable i
treatment at the expense of others.
Therefore its Insurance has cost Its
policy-holders less, both as a whole and
Individually, than In any other company. \
LITE INSTJIIAKCE.
And the conditions which have produced
these results for more than half a century
are still fully operative in the care and
economy with which its affairs are con-
ducted, and in the contrasted degree in
which these quaJities appear in its most
active competitors.
Its Proper Clientage.
To those who desire to do fully, at its
least cost and to the utmost of their
financial ability, their duty to their fami-
lies, and to use life Insurance for their
protection and not for a speculation for
themselves, the Connecticut Mutual offers
the utmost that life insurance can accom-
plish, in Its simplest, clearest forms, of
perfect equity and perfect mutuality, on
the soundest basis of any, and at a lower
cost than has been achieved by any other
company. Greater service can no life
insurance company render.
The Witness of Fifty-Three Years.
In the fifty-three years of its work the
Connecticut Mutual has received;
For premiums..: $201,823,446 17
For Interest 82,05(5,095 30
For rents 7,664,770 S3
Balance profit and loss 1.090.559 08
Total receipt* $292,435,20144
It has paid death
claims for $97,151,410 74
Endowments and an-
nuities for 14,272,403 30
For surrendered poli-
cies 25.053.904 23
For dividends 58,523,938 &0
A total returned to
policy holders or
their beneficiaries,
being 96.71 per cent
of the entire prem-
iums received $195,003,657 17
It has paid for ex-
penses 26.000.53S 71
Taxes 9.623.63S 03
Total expenditures $230,623,133 31
Balance net assets, January 1,
1599 * 61.507.067 53
It has additional assets (see state-
ment) 2.350.657 53 !
Total assets $64,187,755 06
Nearly 97 per cent of the premiums paid
by policy-holders have been paid to their
beneficiaries or returned to themselves,
$«4.187,755 06 are held for the protection of
existing policies, with a surplus of $7,516,-
-542 07; and this has been done at an aver-
age expense rate of only 8.89 per cent.
This is an unmatched record; but Its
best significance lies in the fact that the
same principles which undelaid and pro-
duced these results are as fully operative j
to-day in the management of the company
as at' any time in its fruitful history: the
same prudent care, the same economy, tho
same true mutuality and equity, the same
soundness and strength, and the same un-
paralleled low cost. Respectfully sub-
mitted,
JACOB L. GREENE, President.
Hartford, February 10, 1899.
Beware of Imitations
•SsssJr c i
yKorcestemhiret/£
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. AaIKTS, NEW YORK.
lUfcaTZl VITA I IQ
teSjTH^liL wllfttlO
THE NEW
OTUT loth Day. -Si. y^L. V rilCllUnfi
YITALSS 2OlhD2y *- -* RFMFnY
PROD" KS THE iBOTJS 30th Day. lit. Hl 111
RESULTS. 1 1 quick (y * sorely removes Nerroasness, Impotent y,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off In«anity««d Consump-
tion. Cnrea when all others fail. Insist on haTtnj VITALIS,
no other. Can b« carried in the vest pocket. By mail 1.00
per package or six for 95.00 with a guarantee to Cure «r
Rrfnnd the Money. Circular Free. Address
' 1.1 M ET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St., CUcal*
Sold by Owl Drue Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisins and specific tonio
tor the sexual and urinary organs of both
eezes, and a great remedy for diseases of tb»
kidney* and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
US Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
/^^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ILs < «d£ i » 625 KEABST ST. Established
Brif^gra ln 1554 for tbe treatment oJ Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
<i 2«» KKABSTST Established
in 1554 for tbe treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SSs3s»e«Nsi?% disease wearing on bodyand mind and
skm Diseases, The doctor cures wh?n
gjHKKaffaotbprafall. Try him. Charges low
tSSßssß&saßl Cur«»sfuarj»nt««*al. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. IT. UIBBOa, Box 1957. San Franclsca
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
Atmtfa EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
n4ssMVsM|£ V! & T" MV3
mm Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT^CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKINO AND LIBRART CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING .ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CAKTE).
ONLY 3»>i DATS TO CHICAOO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at I p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. I. Montgomery street. San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIit
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY,
From Jan. 2s, 1893.' trains will run as follows;
'South-bound. I North-bound.
paaeen- (Mixed. v -'?.\: Mixed. Passen-
gar. Sunday Stations. Sunday jfcr.
Dally. , Exc'ptd . Sxc'ptd Daily.
7:80 am 10:30 am Stockton, 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:06 pm Merced i 13:40 pm 4:11 prn
10:40 am 5:35 pm Ff.:3iv-) 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am; 1:43 pra
1:25 pm 12*30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
ll:C»ajm 6:25 pm ' Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 ami 1:03 pro.
* Stopping at intermediate points as required.
' For particulars of stasr* and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager' Office. 321 Market
tUML San Francisco-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Vl* Sjuiaalitc "erry.)
Leave San Francisco, : commencing ' Sunday.
Sept. 11. 1898: "- _* -. *" "
Week Days— a. m.. 1:« P." m.
gunday»-««). 10:00. U:to a. m., 1:15 p. a.
Round trip from Mill /alley, U.
TBOB. COOK * BON. Acentf. Ml Mart*:
atra.t. San FranclßCO.
BAILSOAD TEAVEL.
iOGTHKBS PACIFIC COMPACT.
(rxciric SYHTBM.)
Train* leu* * aod are due to »rrl*e ■»
MAN FKAN«:iN<'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
(.cats :t— : : From Deo. 18, 1896. ( — Aiwn
*»0:OOa Kiles. San Joae and Way Stations... *S:43a
7:04»a Beulcia. Suiaun and Sacramento 3:»3f
, 7:OOa M:ir jsville, Oroviilc and Redding via
Woodland S:-I3F
T:O»a Elniira, VaoarHle and Ruir.scy 8:43*
7:30 a Martinez. San K&mon, >"»p*.
CalUtoasa and Santa Kosa 6:inp
S:O0« Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Ka«t.. Bi*3r
BiU«*a Bm Jose, liTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Plaoerville,
MarysTllie, Chloo, KedlSluir ■lilJlr
I):30a •Hilton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:1 Or
0:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lalhrop, Stockton,
Merced »nd Fresno 12ilS»
»>OOa Fresno, BakersQeld. "Santa K^rlurit.
Lus Angelas, Deming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and Bast G:4."S»
IO:OOa Vallej.j. Martinez and Way Stations 7:i5»
I2:t)oii NUvs, Li>ermore, Stockton, Sacrv
mento, Mendota, Hanford, ViaaUa,
Pc«errUle 4:I8»
*I:O0p Sacramento lUver Steamers *8:OUr
4iU»t> Martiuez, Han lUniou, Vallejo.
Napa, Cailato^a, Santa Rosa BilSa
4:OOr Benlcla, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Kuights Lauding.
StansTilla, OrofilU lO:4Sa
4iBopKOes. Ban Jose and Stockton TslSy
•:(M>r San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited." Fresno, Bokersneld, Los
Angeles 9:43 a
S:80r Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13*
Siitllf Marline*, Tracy, JJor.dota. Fresno,
Mojare, Santa ITarbara and Los
 Augoic* - *«*»*
|5:OOF Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago and Hast 39:45 A'
f:3«r*llitt Te Itoiuu. AlUuUo KI|IISSS
for MoJaTe ami Kast 6:43p
SiOOr Riiropeau Mall, Ogtltm and Kast.... 8:404
fltOOp Baywards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a
•«:«Op Vallejp l«:18p
t7tOOr Vallfjo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions -• t»:43#
(i«Op Oregon Bxi>r«is,Haeramento, Marys-
»lll(j, tte«l.llng. Portland. Piige*
Hound and Kask »«1»A
«1O:O3p Sunset Limited. - Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl P&«o, New Orleans
and East • Ht43>
*"«AS LLAMMtO ANI» lI\VWaHI»s LOCAL.
• (Foot of Market Street.) :
"" ' "I lie) roue, Neminnrr Park, 7
'< S:0O* I'ltclibarß, Klrafiuritf, «:i!ik
1 <»:QOa Ban I>amlr«. Kouth Saa 1*9:45*
lO.UAa I.ean.lro. K«(uiiili«, 10:43 a
<I1:«Oa Lorenso, Cherry ■ 1 * I ***
*-."Oe and ii : i«*
BiOOp Har wards. «■'«'
7«00p t RuM thro^u »„ yam. ~'* Sw
) t From Niles. I
~ COAST DIVISION (Narrow <Jnß(re). *
(Foot of Market Street.) _____
Si 13 a Newark. Cen ter»ille.Sau ton,
Bouldor Creek, Santa Orel and Way •
Station*, a 3O
•atlOp Newark, OentarrlUe, San Jose, New
Almaden, Pel ton, Houlder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
teiii%s StatloM *'**£**
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 0:30 a
1 1 1 :43p Hunters' Exonrsion. San Jose and
Way Stations t1:209
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mnSU fEUCISCO— 7««t of Market Street (Sli? 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0ll».u. 11:00 *2:00 t3:C9
•4:00 tB:0O *8:O0r.M.
rrtBOlIUII— F»«t •rßratdw.t.— '«:oo 9:00 10:001.*.
tI2:CO *1:00 t2:00 *3:00 t*:PO •5:OJf.« :
COAST IMTIiSIO'i i Broad Uanne). *
(Third and Tovrnsend Sta.) ____
7:O0a San Jo«e ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... IiSOV
•tO«A Ban J««e. Trtw I'lnos, H«»u Crux.
Pacific <lro»e, Paso Rabies, - Han
Luis Obispo, Guadaiupe, Surf ami
Principal Way .SUtluM 4:lt>r
M)i4Oa ban Jose and Way Stations *5 ! ~?
11<3Oa Baa J«ce and Way .Stations 8:33*
1 **i4Sr Baa Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santo Clara, .San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister. Santa. Cms.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Oro»«7. *l* lt9k
•»iS«lp San Jose and Way Statious *J'22 A
•4il»r San Jotaaud Principal Way Stations 9:43*.
•3i<M»r 9an Jos* and Principal Way Stations 6iB3a
stS»r San Jo»» and Principal Way Stations 5:30»
•i»#p flan Joss aad Way Stations 7:8
tlli4»p 3an Jose and Way Stations 7i»0»
' A tor Morning. P for Afternoon. ~
• Rnndays excepted. t Suadays only * Saturdays only
and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturday*.
■Saturdays and Wednesdays. Hhursdars and Sunday*.
CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTESN IT. CM.
TV LjESSSSI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttbaron Perry. Foot of Market 6t.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— >:», 11:00 . a. m.; U-.86,
. tiSO, BUO, (:S0 p. m, Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at I:s*
and U:ZG p. m. v;'- .'..■•
BtJNDATS— B:OOT 9:20. 11:00 a. m.; l:80» 3:3*.
"00 Bi2o p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WHEEK DATS— 7:EO, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 11:41,
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* ai
1:55 and 6:86 p. m.
AY9-« :10, »:4«, 11:10. a. m.; 1:46, 3:40.
6:00, 6:261 p. m. - .
; Between' Ban Francisco and Schuet»en Park
panne schedule as above. ■
Leave ArriTe
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
* — October 16, —
Week I Sun- 1898, Sun- i Week
Day/. I Days. Destination, days. ! days.
T: 3O tun 8:00 am Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm »:£0 am Petaluma 9:10 pm 10:86 ass
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
t ' ■ ' ■ ' ' —*—~~ »
Fulton.
T:3O am ' Windsor. K>:JS an
Healdsburg,
. Lytton.
Geyservtll*,
t:K pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. T.-53 pm «:83pm
Hopland and
T:SO am Ukiah. 7:85 pm, 1:21 pm
"7:10 am "~ I '• )l°:» «■
8:00 am OumeyvlUe. T:SB pm
1:80 pm ■ 6:2* pm
T:>o am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am l:«aa
and
(:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:2lpm
7:80 ami 8:00 am Sabaatopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
i.X pmi 6:00 prr»j 7185 pm| IhUpm
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark.Weat
Springs; at Lytton tor Lytton Springs; at O«y-
Bervllle for Skaggs Spring*; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Spring*.
Highland Springe, Ke'.seyvllie-. Carlsbad
ISprtngs. Soda Bay; Lakeport and Bartiett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs^ Saratoga.
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lieriey*s. BucknelTs,
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville, BoonevlUe, Orr*«
Hot Springs. Mendooino City, Fort Bragg.
v.'e»tport T «al Willltts. Laytonvllle. Currp»
Bilng's, Bell's Springa, Harris, Olsen's, Dyw.
fiootift and Eureka.
1 Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
"on C SunOS' round trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 860 Market St.. Chronicle bids,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Xie&eral Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
California
Limited
' Santa fe Route
Connecting- Owl Train. Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New*
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-*
servatlon Car and * Eleotrld
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAS FBANCISCG TIKETTFTICE— HI MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN ISM.
Oikland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street,
San Jobs Office— 7 West Santa Clan Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
• Via Sausalito Fefv.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *I:2O, *9:30. 11:00 a, m.; *1:43.
6:15. »6:00. 6:30 p. m.- *'
EXTRA . TRIPS— San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays. and Saturdays at 11:10 P- 1 -
SUNDAYS— *10:00. '11:30 a. m.; *1:13.
1:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
' Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN - RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:35. 7:45. *9:30 a. m.
•12:20, 2:20. *3:45, 5:06 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00. *10:00. *11:55 a. m. ;
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m. _ ,
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.
12:85. 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m. . ■- ' .
EXTRA -■ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
"sUN D A Bfoo. 7:00 p. m. m.^ 12:05. 1:20. 8:20.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; l-.00. 1.20. 1.20.
«:00. 6:20 p. THROUGH TRAINS
T-J0 a.' m.' week days— Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. __ .
t:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills acd way *ta a
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
MUST HAVE
COIN FOR THE
HIGH SCHOOL
Its Closing Will Not
Be Tolerated.
FRIEND'S COSTLY NEGLECT
AN EVANGELIST MAKES A MIN
ISTER BLUSH.
Some of the Secrets of Running for
Office — Value of Endeavor Con
ventions to a City Is Set
Forth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Feb. 20.
The comparatively paltry sum of $4000 j
5b needed to prevent Oakland's high ;
school from being closed for two months I
of this term, and there is a possibility
that this sum may not be obtained by the |
Board of Education. With a tax levy ab
normally high it is a crowning infamy to
an extravagant administration that an im
mense fortune should have been appro
priated to improve Lake Merritt and that
a trifle should threaten such a calamity
as would be the closing of the hijh school.
This is a serious matter, striking at the
very root of that which has long been
Oakland's greatest boast — her educational ;
facilities. No one with a particle of civic j
pride would dream of having the report ]
go out all over the West that Oakland i
had been forced to spoil one term in the
high school course and delay the progress '
of its hundreds of pupils for an entire ,
half year for the sake of $4000.
Yet there is apparently one Councilman
BO completely tied up to certain interests
that he fails to see the matter in this
light. That man is Councilman Wood
ward. Although it is proposed to put j
eums aggregating over $120,000 into Lake
Merritt and Cemetery Creek, Mr. Wood
ward actually grew dramatic in his ef- I
forts to convince his fellow Councilmen !
that the schemes around the lake should !
take precedence of education. This view !
is a.s farcical and illogical as certain wa
ter-rate arguments not yet forgotten by |
the public. Next Monday night there j
should be such a protest on the part of ;
parents presented to the City Council i
against the closing of the high school
that will make such an infamous action
Impossible.
Postmaster Friend did not do something
a few weeks ago that he wished he had
done, and the joke has been on Mm
ever since. About a month ago Mr.
Friend, who is well advanced In years,
went for a long spin on his wheel. As he
•was passing a corner a friend of his hailed
him and tried to persuade him to take out
an accident Insurance poMcy. The Post
master said he was making such good
progress in cyclism that there was no
need for any such precaution. Mr. Friend
rode two blocks and something went
wrong. He does not quite know even now
how It happened, but he has just paid a
steep surgeon's bill for repairing two ribs.
The morning after the accident, while still
•writhing in pain. Mr. Friend received a
huge bundle of correspondence. It was
from his friend, the accident insurance
man, and was a report of all the accidents
that had happened to the company's cli
ents and the generous wav in which the
sufferers had been treated. All through
the report were big red marks, and these
all referred to accidents on bicycles. The
Postmaster is now looking for that insur
ance man, though whether - have re
venge for the joke or to provide; for the
protection of his other ribs is not known.
In East Oakland a well-known evan
gelist from New Jersey, J. Whitcomb
Brougher, has been active for two weeks.
Last Sunday the evangelist brought a
blush to the face of the pastor of the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church and also to
hundreds of the attendants in a manner
they least expected. Mr. Brougher is up
to date. There are no cobwebs on his
frock coat. He was attempting to drive
home the necessity of placing faith, even
where sight cannot aid it. To illustrate
this the evangelist quietly asked every
body how many people would believe him
. If he told them something in good faith.
Everybody, including the pastor and
church officers, raised his hand.
"That is very proper and pleasant,"
said the evangelist. Then he suddenly
stamped the floor, shot out his right
hand with clenched fist and roared
dramatically. "There is $100 in that hand.
How many of you believe it? " There
was an instant's silence, during which
the speaker looked at the Rev. C. M. Hill,
Superintedent Plaw, Precepter Vesper,
Professor Randall and a score of other
leading lights.
In response to his query one little boy
held up his hand, while everybody else
thought the evangelist was a practiced
hand at getting off a bluff. Without chang
ing his dramatic attitude the evangelist
opened his clenched fist and the $100
dropped to the floor. "Now," he said,
"that money is going to take me back to
New Jersey, where I shall tell my con
gregation how much faith an Oakland
audience puts in a New Jersey evan
gelist."
The blushing scene followed.
It Is a matter of surprise to me that no
legislator has ever attempted to secure an
amendment to the Australian ballot law
providing against that clearly illegal sys
tem of voting known as plumping. It ia
this iniquitous practice that has often re
sulted In debauching the personnel of
Oakland'B City Council, and which blda
fair to do It again. I do not see any more
argument In favor of declaring a ballot
Illegal because a man stamps one cross
too many than if he refuse to stamp the
necessary number. This of course only
refers to those sections of the ballot
marked "Vote for two" or more candi
dates. In Oukland everybody should vote
for four Councilmen at large. It has gen
erally been the practice for the vicious
element to combine on two unworthy can
didates and vote for them to the exclu
sion of all others. This idea carried to
an extremity would prevent the election
of four Councilmen, presuming it to be
possible that everybody who voted agreed
to "plump" for two. There are more elec
tions in California requiring five officials
than any other kind. That is to say, ev
ery school district and every town must
vote to elect five Trustees. In districts
•where the vote is very small a score of
"plumpers" can upset the will of the ma
jority. There are some school districts in
Alameda County where fifty votes are not
cast at an election of Trustees, and so
long as a certain number of officers Is
necessary to complete a board It should
be illegal to vote for less.
Since last week John L. Davle has made
the opening speech of his campaign. As
anticipated by Mr. Snow, Mr. Davie has
chosen the tax levy and a business ad
ministration of the city's affairs as the
basis of his campaign. Now that Mr.
Snow has declared that there can be no
other legal tax levy under the charter
than $1, which contention was made by
Mr. Davie four years ago, there is no
thunder in this issue for either camp. It
is a little early yet to compare the state
ments of the two leading candidates, for
Mr. Snow's speech a week ago was made
before the Municipal League, and the
meeting although public was announced
as not being a candidates' meeting. Next
week the Republicans will open the war,
and Mr Snow will doubtless settle all
doubts as to where he stands on every
The administration to which Oakland
will gladly bid a long farewell on April 1
has been, according to Mr. Snowß figures
the worst conducted, most extravagant
and unprincipled that has ever disgraced
the City Hall. The Auditor's figures show
that there will be a deficit at^the end of
June of nearly $53.000. and this with a tax
lew of $1 21. Mr. Snow docs not presume
to go outside of his Jurisdiction to advise
the Council what to do or what not to do.
But he declares without equivocation that
if all the plans and schemes now provided
for by contracts, ordinances and resolu
tions'be carried out. the city's creditors
will suffer enormous losses. The amount
of the fir-licit is Just about the amount
necessary for existing contracts concern
ing Lake Merritt. and Mr. Snow is in the
happy position of being able to say
told you so." for when the Council last
fall was parceling" out money as though
it had an unlimited supply Mr. Snow pre
dicted Just what has happened.
No one's experience of public life in ,
I Oakland can bo said to be complete with- I
! out it including at least, one "running for i
office." Some weeks ago it was my for
j tune, or misfortune, to be proposed for
I one seat in the City Council. Insignin
' cant as the circumstance may be, it has
! opened my eyes until I almost feel sym- j
' pathetic toward poor Individuals, who, j
i having no tangible means of subsistence,
I grasp at any political straw that is !
wafted their way in the hope that it will I
produce immunity from star%'ation and
ejectment. It is surprising how many j
■•friends" a candidate can find. Not mere- :
ly well-wishers, but friends who are will
ing to put their hands in their pockets, or
somebody else's pockets, "if you should
need a little money.'" There is no at
tempt at briber-., not at all. It is merely
suggested in a 'friendly way that such a
competitor is making a lightning canvass
and that somebody must be putting up for [
him. and that consequently it would be ■
nothing but right to help yon "just a lit- !
tie." Neither can it be said that in the j
event of failure .such a recipient of "kind- ]
ness" would be expected to return the
gift, but in the event of success, God help
that candidate's reputation if it should be
to the interest of such "friends" to use
him for some scandalous scheme.
Ordinary people have no idea of the
many elements that compose a commun- j
ity until they have a brush with politics, j
All kinds of elements are Introduced into |
a political campaign, no matter how in- j
significant it may be, for the purpose of
furthering the interests of such elements.
"Would you close saloons on Sunday?"
"Would you dose them altogether?"
"Would you reduce the liquor license?"
"Would you raise it?" are a few of the
questions floating in the air, and accord-
Ing to the answers given such or such a
block of votes is half promised. Nothing is i
done very definitely, nor in such a manner j
as would give a man a good oppor- I
tunity to produce hard facts before a j
grand jury. But such practices cannot j
help thinking it would be an experimental
have nothing else on which to depend ;
than the crumbs of politics. I cannot j
help thinking It would be an experimental j
policy to put a newspaper man in the city
government.
In May Oakland will entertain thou- [
sands of Christian Endeavor delegates to |
their State convention, and it is to be j
hoped. that the entertainment will be of as |
gratlfving a nature as that tendered to |
the World's Endeavorers two years ago.
It is a pity that the Supervisors could
not appropriate more than $220 toward
the entertainment fund, for any money !
spent in such a manner returns many fold
to the community. There are in Oakland
now several families of the most desirable
kind who came to California at the time
of the international Christian Endeavor
convention. They brougfct their little i
fortunes with them, settled down and are
to-day a part of Oakland. 1 have no
doubt that sim|lar circumstances exist in ,
every city in California. At the coming j
convention the delegates will attend '
from all corners of the State, and as
transportation inducements will be of
fered many will be attracted to this city.
Oakland does not have too many oppor- |
tunitles to show Its enterprise and hos- j
pitality, and this is an opportune chance
to proclaim to California that there are
better recommendations for this growing
city than the record of notoriously oad
local government.
STUART W r . BOOTH.
SAD ENDING OF A
BOY'S HUNTING TRIP
: CHRIS MILLER DIES FROM GUN
SHOT WOUNDS.
Fatally Wounded by the Accidental
Discharge of His Gun and
Dies Soon After.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— Christian Miller,
aged 16 years, and the sole support of his
mother, Mrs. A. L. Miller of Blossom
street, Frultvale, died at the Receiving
Hospital to-night at 11 o'clock from terri
ble injuries sustained through the acci
dental discharge of his gun while out In a
boat hunting in the creek thi3 morning.
Young Miller was alone at the time, and
it is supposed that he was in the act
of lifting his gun when the trigger struck
against a cleat in the bottom of the boat,
discharging one barrel. The charge tore
away the flesh of the right forearm and
also shattered the bones of the foot.
His agonizing cries were heard by an
other hunter named Gilligan, who towed
the boat to the foot of Grove street, and
with the assistance of Detective Quigley
and an expressman conveyed the injured
hunter to the Receiving Hospital. Drs.
Stratton, Jordan, Rowe and Horn were
immediately summoned, but deferred r< i
forming an operation, as Miller was too
weak troni loss of blood to stand the
shook. . , .
Once during the afternoon the lad re
gained consciousness and recognized his
mother, who had been Immediately sum
moned to his bedside. A gentle press of
the uninjured hand and he again became
unconscious and remained so until death.
"Christian was too good for this world
and they wanted him in the other," mur
mured the heart-broken mother, who sank
beside the deathbed, sadly bemoaning her
Deceased was a native of Oregon. He
was a boy of exemplary habits and the idol
of his mother. He had been stopping at
Shatter's wood yard at the foot of Jeffer
son street, where he was employed, for
some time. It is said his father deserted
the family some time ago and is believed
to be in Alaska.
WATER BATE ORDINANCE.
Cleverly Disguised Measure Will s-e
Introduced at To-Night's
Session.
OAKLAND. Feb. 26.— At to-morrow
night's meeting of the City Council, un
less the present programme miscarries, an
ordinance will be introduced fixing water
rates for the next fiscal year. It is not
certain that the necessary six votes can
be obtained to insure its passage. This
ordinance will come ostensibly from the
water committee, four members of which
are of the "Solid Six." It will be a
cleverly arranged affair, purporting to re
duce rates for very small houses, but will,
in reality, so it is claimed, give the water
monopoly a big increase of income.
The live members of the Council, who
oppose inflated rates, will, it is said, also
introduce an ordinance practically the
same as,that passed in 1897. and which is
based on" the most thorough investigation
ever made by a City Council
Two weeks ago The Call stated that
documentary evidence was in existence
which pointed to corruption so conclu
sively that it might be impossible for the
monopoly to control its six votes.
There "will probably be a lively meeting
of the Council on account of the existing
uncertainty. As usual. Councilman
Woodward, who is a candidate for re-elec
tion, seems to be the pivot on which
everything depends.
OPERATION CAUSED DEATH.
Autopsy Shows That Miss Annie X.
Jacobsen Was a Victim of
Malpractice.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— An autopsy per
formed to-day by Dr. Derrick, assisted
by Dr. F. T. Lamb, on the botiy of Miss
Anna K. Jacobsen, who died at the Les
ter House last night, has revealed con
clusively the fact that death was due to
malpractice. Dr. H. S. Buteau represent
ed the District Attorney's office at the
autopsy.
Dr. C. J. Sharp, who according to Miss
Jacobsen's ante-mortem statement, is re
sponsible for the young woman's death,
has thus far evaded the police and de
tectives. The authorities have also been
unable thus far to apprehend Madame
L. Jacquay, who Is charged with a similar
crime in the death of Mrs. Johanna An
derson.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1899.
A PRISONER'S
DESPERATE DASH
FOR FREEDOM
Frank Smith Fights
With Officers.
IS ARRESTED FOR ROBBERY
A WILD RACj£ THROUGH THE
ALAMEDA CITY HALL.
The Alleged Highwayman Is Clubbed
Nearly Into Insensibility Be
fore He Is Finally Subdued
and Handcuffed.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, Feb. 26.
A young Portuguese giving the name of
Frank Smith was lodged in the City
Prison about 2 o'clock this morning on a
charge of highway robbery. Deputy-
Sheriff Quinlan, the arresting officer, had
a desperate struggle with his prisoner
before he succeeded in subduing him.
Shortly before noon to-day, while prep
arations were being made to remove
Smith to the County Jail, he made a bold
dash for liberty, and gave the officers a
lively chase through the corridors of tne
City Hall before he was cornered, and
then he had to be clubbed into insensi
bility before he could be handcuffed.
Soren Paulsen, a Fruitvale dairyman,
was the victim of the alleged footpad.
"While driving along Park avenue toward
Alameda about 1 o'clock this morning, he
was stopped at a point about 100 yards
south of the broad-gauge railroad cross
ing by a couple of men, who commanded
him to climb down off the seal of ma
wagon. Paulsen lost no time in obeying,
and his movements were somewhat
hastened by the appearance of a couple
of pistols. The highwaymen relieved
Paulsen of $7 in cash and a pocket knift.-.
They then ordered him to head for Oak
land.
jbe dairyman was able in the bright
moonlight to get a good look at his as
sailants. He informed l>eputy Sheriff
Quinlan of the hold-up and gave the
officer a description of the two men,
which led to tbi arrest of Smith a short
time later. w .
Quinian ran across his man just as he
was leaving a saloon near the tidal canal
bridge. When ordered to throw up his
hands and surrender Smith made a grab
lor the officer. Ihe movement was so
sudden that Quinlan was taken off his
guard, and before he could recover him
self the two were rolling on the ground
engaged in a rough and tumble light.
Qmnian succeeded in subduing Smith and
brought him to the Alamedu jail. \Vhon
the prisoner was searched Paulsen's knife
and part of the stolen coin was luund on
him.
Paulsen swore to a complaint before
Justice Larue of East Oakland this morn
ing, charging Smith with highway rob
bory. When Quinlan went to the Alame
da prison to remove Smith to the County
Jail he neglected to profit by the expe
rience of the night and upon his prisoner's
promise to be good he did not handcuff
him.
As soon as he passed the doorway lead- :
ing out of Chief Conrad's office Smith at- I
tempted to trip Quinlan, and falling made
a dash down the corridor and ran up the
Inside stairway leading to the upper sto
rlea of the City Hall. Being Sunaay, the
doom to the main entrance were closed, !
and the desperate prisoner found himself |
trapped.
Sheriff Rogers and Police Officer Gunn
guarded the exits to the hall, while Quin
lan and Sergeant Schumacher went up
after Smith. He was found crouching near
the first landing, intending to make a run
by the officers as they ciime up the stairs.
They surmised what the man was up to
and ordered him to surrender. Instead of ,
obeying he ran toward the front doors and
attempted to break through the glass.
Seeing Sheriff Rogers and Officer Gunn on
the outside he turned and led the officers
In a race to the upper story of the build-
Ing and down the corridor to the City
Clerk's office. This was the end of his .
run and appreciating that he was cor- !
nered he backed up against the wall and
squared away to do battle with his pur-
Quinlan and Schumacher attempted to
close in on him, but his handy props kept
them at a safe distance. Finally it was
found necessary to use a club on the man
before he could be subdued, and he was
practically insensible when the officers
succeeded In handcuffing him.
It is believed that the prisoner is a des
perate crook. He is a hard-looking cus
tomer, and no one in this vicinity appears
to know him. His partner in the hold-up
is still at large.
ALAMEDA BABY ALMOST
DRIVES HORSE TO DEATh
LITTLE ROY GREENOUGH'S
HAIR-RAISING RIDE.
Urged on a Runaway With a Whip,
but a Calamity Is Averted by
a Cyclist.
Alameda Office San Francisco Cal
1428 Park street, Feb. 2G.
Roy Greenough, a curly-headed dare
devil baby, 5 years of age, drove a spirited
horse the length of Alameda to-day, and
while the people who witnessed the mad
race shuddered at the thought of the
baby's probable fate, he smiled, shouted
with glee, and holding the reins in one
of his tiny hands, occupied the other
lashing the horse's back with the whip.
The horse and its youthful driver dashed
along Enclnal avenue, passed the nar
row-gauge trains and traversed cross
streets without colliding with anything
and kept on the lively run until a ven
turesome wheelman overtook the outiit,
and, grabbing the horse by the bridle,
brought it to a standstill. The animal
was covered with foam from its long run
and was all but used up.
The rig belonged to W. E. Bryan of
West Alameda. He had loaned it to his
daughter, Mrs. J. R. Morris, and her
niece. Miss Eva Sharp, to drive to the
Christian Church on I'ark avenue. It was
tied in front of the house of worship when
Baby Greenough strolled along and climb
ed into the carriage. He thought he
would "play horse" while the owners were
attending divine service. He took hold
of the reins, but as the horse did not pay
much attention to his style of handling
the ribbons, he pulled the whip from the
socket and gave the animal a sharp cut
across the back. With a lunge forward
it broke the hitching strap and started
along Park avenue at a breakneck speed.
Insisted on a Drive.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— John St. John and
William Bruton, two young men, are de
tained at the city prison as yet only
charged on the small book. They Jumped
into a buggy hired at Kane & Daley's sta
bles and which was tied up in front of a
residence at Nineteenth street and San
Pablo avenue, and drove off with it. After
they had made the rounds through Bast
Oakland and West Oakland Officer Kyto
gathered them in.
Independents Meet To-Night.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— The Independents
will hold a mass meeting at Milton Hall,
corner of Twenty-eighth street' and San
Pablo avenue (Second Ward) to-morrow
night. • Addresses will be: - delivered by
John L-. Davie. Thomas F. Garrity, R. M.
Clement and others. , /
■ ♦ .
Father McSweeney Improving.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— Rev. Father Me-
Sweeney, who has been seriously ill the
past two weeks, is now declared by his
physicians to bo out of danger.
J. J. VALENTINE
SPEAKS AGAINST
ANNEXATION
Says We Do Not Need
the Philippines.
EXPANSION IS CRITICIZED
LORD BERESFO-r D'S ADVICE NOT
TRUSTWORTHY.
Speaker Declares That "Yellow Jour
nalism" Is One of the Evils
Fostered by the Late
War.
BERKELEY, Feb. 26.— Imperial De
mocracy Is an ill-advised policy, conceived
in ignorance, fraught with hidden
dangers, backed by sophistical argu
ments and prompted by questionable mo
tives—such is the view of J. J. Valentine,
president of the WeHs-Fargo Express
Company. It was the substance of a
very forcible lecture delivered before a
large audience in the First Congregational
Church on Dana street to-night.
Mr. Valentine entitled his address "Im
perial Democracy— The Annexation of the
Philippines," and though asking his
listeners for their indulgence for express
ing opinions somewhat at variance with
the trend of popular .political ideas, held
their attention closely for over an hour.
He quoted largely from carefully com
piled statistics and views of eminent au
thorities, weaving them into the argument
which formed his discourse.
"That colonization has heretofore been
unsuccessful," the speaker began, 'is
j seen from the fact that three-fourths of
, the people engaged In colonial service are
, worn out in five years. The disastrous ef
j feet of tropical climates weakens and de
bilitates the white race, rendering It quite
unfit for active service. France's colonies
are a failure. Spain's possessions have
i completely ruined the mother country;
sickness, squalor, misery and debt is all
; they have to show for the greed of con
; quest.
"It has taken the race a million years
' to rise from the level of beasts to men; it
; took just fifteen minutes for men to fall to
the level of beasts when the lust of w;.r
swept over the nation last summer. That
war developed from four sources — yellow
journalism and hysteria, vengeance and
ferocity, militarism and despotism, igno
rance, ambition and greed. The contemp
: tibilitr of its origin has recently been
brought to light by state documents which
show that a few days before the declara
tion of hostilities Spain had ceded prac
tically all that we have since gained by
bloodshed, and that had we been forbear
j ing. the force of words would have done
} what swords were called upon to do. for
: the flag of Spain would have oome down
I without so much as the report of a sin
i gle gun. Nevertheless we have the -her! t
lof our strife, and now we propose to
ry the work of infamy one step fur
r by inaugurating a policy of despotic
>nization. the annexation of the Philip
•sotwithstanding Lord Beresford to ths
trary. the islands can never be a sub
: of interest to our people. They be
? to Asia and can never be made an
■gral part of the United States. Lord
esford is an English royalist, and car
lg his principles out we should under
ie our Government merely to attract
attention of European monarchs and
join In the groveling, grabbing contest
which they are carrying on. We might
adopt imperialism, but would that be in
accordnnce with representative govern
ment?"
Mr. Valentine here took occasion to
dwell at some length upon the unconsti
tutlonal consequences which, he declared,
would follow such a course as Philippine
annexation. He stated also that the
country was as yet quite unfit and still
more unprepared to attempt such an
undertaking. Turning to commercial ad
vantages, he continued:
Kit is a mistaken notion that commer-
I growth follows territorial expansion:
t the acquisition of land in the Orient
Is going to swell the volume of our trade
there. England. France and Germany in
their colonial history have demonstrated
this. Their export trade is rapidly full
ing off: ours Is as rapidly increasing. Why
don't their colonies prevent this? Re
cause such a notion Is contrary to all the
laws of trade. That trade follows the
fl;>g is an absurd notion, born of popular
1 jingoism. Our commercial position is as
sured without grabbing the land of alien
peoples.
"Upsides, if we need territory in the
Orient, why not conquer Korea and so
establish abase of trade which shall be
I somewhere near the center of distrlbu
! tion along the Asiatic coast? What
i earthly use can the Philippines be to us.
i situated as they are, miles and miles
! away from the southernmost centm- of
I European trade in Asia. Np distribution.
practically, goes on south of Hongkong.
yet we expect commercial advantages of
a permanent kind from Manila.
"In conclusion, the course which we are
facing is quite devoid of anything like na
tional glory. What glory is there in fur
nishing thousands of soldiers, when we
know that all this vast expenditure of
money must be paid In the end by taxing
the people? With the experience of other
colonizing countries before us. with the
despicable origin of our expansion policy,
with imperialism and all its consequences
facing us. with no commercial benefits
likely to follow, taken together with our
racial unfitness for the work, where is
either the advantage or the glory that
we expect to reap?"
WILL BOYCOTT THE
"HOODOO" LOCOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS AND FIBEMEN RE
FUSE TO ENTER THE CAB.
Will Petition the Division Superin
tendent to Retire the Unlucky-
Engine From Service.
AL.AMEDA, Feb. 25.— "H00d00" engine
No. 19, the death-dealing 1 machine of the
narrow-gauge road, will never turn an
other wheel unless run by a crew who
have less regard for their lives than any
of the engineers of firemen now employed
on the local division of the road. The
bloody record of the engine has filled the
railroad men with fear, and there ia a
presentiment among them that whoever
pulls the throttle on the "Hoodoo" or oc
cupies a place in the cab is doomed.
Since Engineer Jonas and Fireman
Colson lost their lives by the wrecking of
the locomotive at Second-avenue station
the locomotive has been at the Newark
shops undergoing repairs. In a few days
it will be ready for service again, and will
be sent out over the rails, probably to add
new victims to its list, provided a crew
to man it can be secured.
The engineers and firemen of the local
division have combined against the ma
chine. Acting for what they consider their
own protection they have pledged them
selves to have nothing to do with the
"Hoodoo." Their reasons will be «et
forth in a petition which will be presented
to the division superintendent requesting
him not to put the engine back in the
local service.
Almost from the time of its first run
over the narrow-gauge road No. 19 was
known among the employes of the com
pany as the "hoodoo." "It has been a
continual source of annoyance. When it
was not engaged crushing out human
lives, it was generally busy keeping itself
out of repair. A broken eccentric, %
dropped bolt or some other equally
malign thing was almost a dally occur
rence. Six months before Engineer
Jonas and Fireman Colson lost their lives
it ran off the trestle at Alameda Point,
killing Fireman Hickey. Engineer Bald
win, who was in charge of the engine at
the time, was so severely scalded that he
was laid up for many months.
GIRLS PLAY BASKET BALL.
University of California Team De
feats Mills College.
BERKELEY, Feb. 26.— Harmon Gymna
sium, on the University of California
campus, was the scene of a well-fought
game of basket ball Saturday afternoon
between the California team and young
ladies from Mills College, Oakland.
A throng of the fair sex crowded into
the building as spectators, but a careful
guard at the door jealously excluded
members of the opposite sex.
While California managed to run up a
score of 15 to 0, their superior weight and
excellent team work stood largely in their
favor, but for dash and quickness of
movement the palm was easily borne off
by the girls from Mills.
The girls lined up as follows:
Mills College. Position. California.
\f \ I' g" rnett --- -Forward. Miss A. J. Kelshaw
m? i Us ? n Forward. .. .Miss T. V. Stoer
M is J?-i ackßon —*'orward...Miss A. J. Farno
Miss E. Field Center.. Miss L. A. Linscott
Miss Gardiner.. Center Miss S. Hanscom
If 8S a >• Reuger.... Center.. ..Miss. G. Longmore
Miss A. McMurray. Guard Miss A. Stockwell
55i!! sf" coyle Guard Miss E. Stockwell
Miss H. Wallace.. Guard Miss M. Haworth
Miss Edith Brownsill and Mrs. Walter
M. Magee acted as umpires for the Uni
versity of California and Miss H. D. Ege
for Mills. The halves were twenty min
utes each.
» ♦ ■ .
Services in Oakland Churches.
h OAKLAND, Feb. 26.-Rev. John Hemp
niii, jj.jj. .of ban Francisco occup'ed Dr
Coyle's pulpit at the First Presbyterian
Church this morning.
Rev. Charles R. Brown delivered his
third sermon in the series on '"Modern
Orthodoxy" at the First Congregational
Church to-night. "The Matter of Conver
| sion' was the particular subject.
j Rev. C. G. Milnes, pastor of the Higgins
Memorial M. E. Church, Fruitvale,
preached the morning sermon at the
Twenty-fourth Avenue M. E. Church.
! At Rev. C. M. Hill's Tenth Avenue
! Baptist Church this morning Rev. J.
"\Vhitcomb Brougher of Paterson, N. J.,
preached on "The First of the Pilgrim
Fathers."
"The God I Worship" was the subject
of Rev. J. T. Sunderland's sermon in the
vestry of the First Unitarian Church to
night.
At the Pilgrim Congregational Church
to-night Rev. J. R. Knodell continued his
"Story of the Life of Elijah." He was
assisted by \V. F. Wentworth. who read
the long poem, "Robert of Sicily."
Elder Chatburn of Missouri delivered a
sermon to-night before the members of
j the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of
i Latter Day Saints.
"Heaven and Its Inhabitants" was the
i subject of Rev. C. H. Hobart's sermon to
j night at the First Baptist Church.
Rev. V. Marshall Law at the Church of
I the Advent to-night preached about "The
Prodigal Son."
. ♦ •
Chess Match by Cable.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— L. D. Broughton
j Jr. to-day received a letter from the L:ni
! vcrslties of Oxford and Cambridge on ..»e
i matter of a chess match by cable with
the American universities of Columbia,
Harvard, Yale and Princeton. The limita
tion suggested in the letter would bar oui.
the Harvard champion, E. E. Southard of
Boston. The matter has been »uo«nitted
to the American committee.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F G Xagle, S Rosa H Darling, Vancouver
J C Cline, L Ang D Mc-Phalden, Ca!
C Bigelow, Conn F B Cole, Tac-oma
Mrs M McKenzle, N V H R Beach ft w, N V
Mrs W Carter & s, Cal J M Hansbrough & w,
Q B Richard, U S N Roseburg
\V T Parker. I- Ang MrVTJtiulnlan, Wash
H T Jones, Cal F C Stettler, Ohio
D Graham, Cal G E Trovey & w, B C
H A Rogers. Cal L H Jackson, Stockton
E R Thurber, Cal G G Murray, Vlsalla
M Berwln, Cal A Conßtine, Pa
I E L Hall, Stanford J H Johnson, R I
G Roe, Vallejo C R Baxter, Mich
H Monahan, <"'al G E Hollihan. R I
H V Clark, St Louis H A Smith, Mexico
B Merters. Cal F M Tuttle & w, Cal
G A MeClurg. Cal E W Hebbard. Cal
D H Robblns, S Jose F H Farrar, Modesto
,T A Davis. Cal M Goldsmith, Chicago
H G Bldwell, Sacto E Behr. Japan
J C Cllne. L Ang O A McElfresh. Cat
F D Frost, Cal Mrs WW Worthington,
G W Dwinell, Cal Stockton
R I) Hatch, Novato B A Ogden, Sonora
A J Larson, Lodi J T Laird, Sacto
F B Pattee. Cal A E Nutt, Sacto
B C Carroll. Stockton Miss Poor, Sacto
P J Kumaley, Cal C H Schiveley, Cal
L Price Spokane E W Sanderson, Wash
J A Mclnnes 4: w, Cal , Mrs J H Gray, B C
J L Seamonds, Ariz
J F Tupell. Guayuras iB B Harney, Riverside
C E Swanero, L Ang jW S Clark, Eureka
C W Paine, Highland i
PALACE HOTEL.
J McFadden. Cal G E Hawley & w, NT V
M Karper, Chicago C J Bartlett & w. Mich
A Adams & w. Colo Mr and Mrs B D Pierce
H Williams, US N j Jr, Conn
C Friedberg. Toledo R Weiss, Hungary
G J Cote, St Louis |E W Gray. Ohio
Mr and Mrs A Kauf-iMrs T M Kerr. Pa
man, Portland H Walelman, N V
J Pempsey & 2 d, Mich A N McClure, USA
L H Shaffer & w, Ohio L Samuel, Guatemala
AJr and Mra J Hart, : Mrs L Samuel, Guat*-
Stockton j mala
J C Mitchelson, \r & C Sharon, Cal
m Mo J C Talmage, Cal
Mrs Cones, B C JT Richards, Cal
M Richards. Mexico L A Crane, S Cruz
T M Amsdell & w. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Pare, Sacto jJ Morrison. Stockton
W P Gibbons & f, Neb|G E Wilson. N V
N E Fulmer. Vallejo F Tetsall, Vancouver
I' Cody, S Jose E O Dean, S C
J C O'Connell, Cal J H Bell, N V
M Murphy, S Cruz P F Morton, Utah
J Hsresky. Fresno J Hayes. Baltimore
J B Davis. Chicago P Andrews, Or
W O'Connor, Nev J Peterson, Seattle
J J Connolly, Stockton
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16 .j;
K. T.. Golden Gate building. 625 Put- *Ksj*
ter St.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- ; Eflj
ING at 8 o'clock. The order of the ftp
Temple will be conferred and an in- ▼
spectlon made by the officers of the Grand
Commandery. All raters' are courteously In-
' vited. CHAS. L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ' ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- ■_#%_
ING. P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. TTjf
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:80 o'clock. Second de- TC2C
gree. Fellowcrafts cordially Invited. f^F >
By order of the Master. .
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill-^%^
more St.— Third degree THIS (MON- iCX
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/V>
order of the Master.
' " HARRY BAEHR. Secret
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. <K>S_» ■
O. O. F.— lnitiation MONDAY
EVENING. February 27. 1899. rZZffiZSzr
■ . - . A. G. CLARK, N. G. -frt*> .
OSCEOLA Tribe No. 71, I. O. R. M — -ST*-^
, You are requested to attend the fu-
; neral of our late brother, ROBERT - — i—
DONALDSON, from the undertak-
ing parlors of H. F. SUHR & CO.. 1209 Mis-
sion St.. at 1 P. m., TUESDAY. February
28. A. J. PHILLIPS, Sachem.
KNIGHTS of Honor— officers and mem-
bers of Occidental Lodge No. 1990. are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother. M. WOLF. THIS DAY. at 10 a. m.,
from his late residence, 723 O'Farrell st. By
order J. F. BROWN. Reporter.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office,
"327 Market St., San Francisco, -California, on
WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March.
1899, at the hour of 3 p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG. Sec.
Office, 827 Market st., San Fran""«co. Call-
ornla. ■ ■ ■ ' .. _. ....
Ml.( 1 VI. NOTICES. _^
MRS LOEWENSTEIN wishes to inform her
many friends and patrons that the restaurant
formerly conducted by her late husband, N.
LOEWENSTEIN, at £30 Howard St., will be
carried on as formerly and she will be pleased
to have them return.
ROOMS papered from S3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected 1 for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
'DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend . No. SO : (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 827 Market St.. on and after WED-
NESDAY, March 1. 1899. - ■-■-■-- ■•'.
Transfer books will close on Thursday.
February 28. 1899. at 8 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SCOTCH second girl, good references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. ■:,. r. ■ ...:■■■ __
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires, situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French second girl and nurse
desires situation; best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
MOTHER and daughter desire situations as
cook and second girl; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. •
GERMAN houseglrl, good cooft: strong and
willing, $15. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. ' ■
GERMAN first-class cook wishes situation;
best references. MRS. NORTON, 313, Sutter.
SWEDISH second girl; excellent seamstress.
Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office MRS.
LAMBERT, 413 Powell St., tel. Main 5332,
girls of all nationalities await positions.
SCOTCH girl. Protestant, good cook, wishes
situation; housework or second work; refer-
ences. Apply MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln st.
Telephone Sutter 52.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and iron; no objec-
tion to short distance in the country. Call
. 551% Howard St.; moderate wages.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In light house-
work in small family; good home more than
wages desired. Please call 116V 2 Langton st.
YOUNG North German girl Just arrived de-
sires place in private family for upstairs ,
work. Address 838*4. Jessie St.. off Seventh.
SCANDINAVIAN -girl wants position to do |
general housework. $20 j>er month. 19 Morris
aye.. between Harrison and Bryant.
NEAT young girl wants position for general
housework in American family. Call 1051
. Mission st.; no postal cards.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl for gen-
eral housework and cooking. Call at 1626
Leaven worth st., near Broadway.
REFINED young woman wants situation as
housekeeper in small family. Box 481, Call.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 2845 Mission St., near Twenty-fifth.
PROTESTANT woman wants situation; will go
for low wages. Please call 230 Minna st. j
YOUNG German girl wishes situation for up-
stairs; last place V& years. Address .31 TurK :
YOUNG girl wants situation to do light house-
keeping. Apply 3010 Mission st.
YOUNG woman wants position as housekeeper.
Box 479, Call office. ■ ;
YOUNG woman wants any kind of work by
the day. Apply 727H Natoma. bet. Bth and 9th.
WANTED— Respectable American woman with
| 5-year-old child would like a situation as
working housekeeper; good plain cook and
neat worker; experienced: good references;
country preferred: wages $12 to $15. Address
box 452. Haywards. Cal. ■
HOUSEKEEPER. German widow, aged 42,
wishes situation in widower or bachelor s
home; city or country. Box 446, Call.
RELIABLE woman wants work of any kind
*by the day; will take work home. Inquire at
616 Lombard st.
GIRL to do light housework and assist with
children. 1303 Page St., near Lyon.
STYLISH young dressmaker, perfect fitter,
would like to go out by the day, $1 and car
fare a day. Box 343. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; private family. 120 Sixth
St., first floor, room 1.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation as house-
keeper; reference if required. Address 465
Jessie st. i__
WANTED— Situation as working housekeeper.
501 Post St., room 23.
WOMAN wishes position at any kind of work;
good cook. 317 Third st.
SWEDISH lady wants washing or cleaning by
the day. IS Rausch st., near Howard.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
washing or housecleaning. Please address
MRS. M.. 616_ Folsom st.
THOROUGHLY competent working housekeep-
er wishes situation. Call 2136 Howard; no
postals; best references.
WANTED— By intelligent and refined lady, po-
sition as companion or to wait on invalid; city
reference. Box 320. Call office. .'■-■ :-c- :
WORKING housekeeper to gentlemen; no ob-
jection to 2 or 3 children. Box 342. Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTEI>— JHAL.IS.
WESTERN Labor Bureau, 541 Clay st., tel..
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or female
help, any nationality, free of charge. ;
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and prac-
tical; does all kinds of repairing, plpefltting,
etc.; will go anywhere; first-class references.
Box 477, Call office.
2 MEN of good appearance not afraid of work.
109 California st., room 25. Call after 9 a. m.
GARDENER (German); perfect In all branch-
es; can take care of horses, cows, etc: first-
class references. Please address Gardener.
bcx 441. Call.
ENGLISHMAN, lately from East, best of ref-
erences, thorough groom and coachman, hav-
ing worked for some of best families, wants
suitable situation. Box 456, Call.
JUST honorably discharged from army; mar-
ried, sober, Intelligent ; wants position as
Janitor, caretaker, watchman; willing to do.
anything. Box 437. Call. >>
JAPANESE, strong and reliable, wants situa-
tion in country as first-class cook and gen-
eral help; good recommendations. G. M..
1917 Broadway.
JAPANESE, refined young man, wants situa-
tion in ice family: useful for every kind of
light work; wages no object. MIDVILL, 1917
Broadway.
SITUATION wanted by a young man, to take
care of place; can drive, milk, do plain car-
penter's work, repair harness and be gener-
ally useful; good references. Address H. O.
JOHNSON, box 325. Call office.
YOUNG man, 23, of good habits, wishes posi-
tion; understands horses; has done porter
work in wholesale houses; can furnish refer-
ences. Address box 338, Call office.
MAN would work by the day or by the yard
cleaning carpets on floor. Call or address
600 Eddy st. ■
JAPANESE first-class butler, thoroughly com-
petent, desires position; best references.
BUTLER, Box 340, Call.
GOOD all-around painter and paper-hanger will
work cheap. Box 337. Call office.
WANTED— Situation as hostler or gardener.
Apply 118 Eddy St.. room 9.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
\ and baggage to and from ferry.
HKLJ" AATJ_l>— - IJLA-U.
GERMAN or Scandinavian waitress and parlor
maid, $25; 2 German and French second girls,
$20; laundress and some chamberwork, $25; 4
cooks In American and German families, $25
and $30; girl for housework in the mines, $30;
Hollister, $20; Highland Springs, $20; Santa
Clara, $20. and city, $20 and $25. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. -
COOK, small boarding house, $25; waitress,
same place, $18; cook, small restaurant, $20;
4 waitresses,' restaurants, $5 and $6 week; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN for country -for 2 months, $10 per
month and fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. - ■
RANCH cook, $20 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working housekeep-
er, $12 per month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT ; waitress and parlor maid, $25,
2 in family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Auburn. $25; Stockton, $25;
Colllnsvllle, '■ $20; Alameda, $25; and other
towns; 12 housework girls, city, $20 and $25;
6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. ; .
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress. $20; 2 second
girls $20 and $2*; 2 laundresses, $30 and $25
each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH woman with a little girl as nurse,
$20 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. ;
THREE restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 per
week; 6 hotel waitresses, $20 and $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light housework, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. .
WANTED — 2 waitresses, first-class hotel, short
distance country, $20; waitress, country hotel,
• $20; housework girls and cooks, country;
young girls to assist. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
CHAMBERMAID, country, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
i : LAMBERT. 418 Powell St., girls of all nation-
alities to fill various positions. .
WANTED— ' waitresses , for • hotel; 1 colored
■ ■<■ woman for Nevada, fare paid: girl for house-
work; 50 good positions for help.. WESTERN
- LABOR BUREAU. 541 Clay st.
2 COOKS, $25; second girl, $20; waitress, $20; 3
- nurse - girls. $10 and $15; 10 girls for house-
work. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
HELP W NTl.^--Co»* lnned -
.„. .- — — ~~ ' '• ■pvi.inp Grant 185
C. R. HANSEN & c £"- n V eoJntry hotels. $20
6 waitresses- for different country fare; 3
to $25: waitress *<»• *«e%ada • '; ' 3 restaurant
waitresses, city,^ ana ' chambermaids,
waitresses, $6 and $6 *««*•_.,■_■"_ R. HAN-
SIS- cook, boarding-house, *-.». . <-• ■* ■
SEN & CO., :iO4 Geary st. ■_ _-
2 JEWISH family cookX^^ok« $20 and
alkies $25 and $30: lo and s h O o use work. $20 and
alities for cooking _ and .oouw^a'ii family.
$25; German girl for .^J Jpewo JvS' V R HAN-
and to assist with children, $10. U «• «•
SSSB3BM__^^^^
C R. HANSEN & CO j:^C______ ar 2_gh---— - __
COOK. $30; 2 cooks. |25 each; gfi^S^iJfci
house girl. $25; 2 house K»rls. $20 ea. ch. rn lacue
aged woman, country, i in /amil>. $20, wait
ress $15; young girl to assist, $12 to $10. Mils.
NORTON, 313,Sutter st. .
WANTED- A girl for general housework l must
be a good cook;. wages $20. Call bet. 9 and L.,
1521 Sacramento' st. " ,
GERMAN girl to take care of 3-year-old child.
2120 Post St., between Pierce- ; and bcott. .
FINE tailoress on custom coats; also boy of
some experience. 212 Mason st. . -
APPRENTICE at G. LEDERER'S, 123 Stock-
ton St., for hair work. '_ ' *
YOUNG girl to assist in general housework.
1006 Geary st. '
YOUNG woman to do light housework and
mind children. 816 Fulton st. ______
WANTED— GirI to do light housework. 1233
Bush st. ;
FINISHER wanted on custom coats and but-
tonholes. 123 Russ st. ■ —
WANTED— A nod finisher on custom-mad*
ci^d^-««. Apply at 4B» Clexo-att-fc
IRONER on ladies' clothes. 639 Howard st.
YOUNG girl, company for child. $5: good home.
Call morning, one bell. 519 Jones Bt.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; small
family. 1413 Scott st. — —
GIRL wanted for light housework at 927 How-
ard St.. after 8 a. m. __
GIRLS for hand work on corsets at 231 Powell
street. ' —
I YOUNG woman to assist in cooking in small
restaurant. 136 Second st. .
WANTED-A young girl "to wait at tables in
restaurant, $4 per week. 633 Fourth st.
YOUNG German girl for general housework
and plain cooking In bakery. 909 Larkln sU
FINISHER for coats; steady work. 473 Teha-
ma st. '_ .
TAILORESS as pants finisher. Top floor, room,
18, 5% Kearny st. ' ; ,
WANTED-Small girl to do light housework.
wages $5. 906 Minna St., near Tenth.
.YOUNG German girl for light housework:
wages $8, $10. 40 Casselll aye., bet. Eigh-
teenth and Nineteenth sts.. near Castro.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
erences. Call at 2336 Pine st. from 9 to M.__
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure; good
wages. S. STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS on custom
shirts. ROQERSON, 535 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED stitchers on electric sewing
machines will be taught to make wrappers.
109 Battery st. ,
GOOD finisher on custom coats. 523 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED shirt »_«?™™: b J Bt S rlC «4
steady employment. EAGLESON & CO.. 53*
Market st. . „
OPERATORS on custom pants. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
ELS. 531 Mission Bt. ___
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics^ln
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
HELP YVAATKD IIALE.
WANTED— 6 more quartz miners. $2 50 day;
blacksmith for camp, $35 and board; 5 la-
borers $1 75 day; blacksmith helper, $1 day
and board, and - others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. =
WANTED— steward. $45; night
cook; waiter for Nevada, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
C R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Cook railroad eating house, $50; railroad camp
cook. $50; head meat cook, country hotel, $60;
second cook. $40: third cook, $30; waffleman,
country hotel, $35 and fare paid.
Marker and distributor who can act as
foreman hotel laundry, $."0 and. found; all
round lroner. country hotel. $40 and found;
hanger-up, $30 and found; polisher and sapsh-
er, $30 and found.
Headwalter, south, permanent. $65; waiter,
$10 a week: waiter, country hotel, $20 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, st.
C R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant ISS
Dry goods clerk, country store, $60, experi-
ence and references required: shoemaker,
Shasta County; gardener, private place, coun-
try $20 and found; section hands. $169 a
day; woodmen, $1 50 to $2 25 a day; coal
miners by cubic yard; mine laborers. $1 50
a day, board $4 60 a week: ranch carpenter,
$26 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10*
Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
Laborers for rock work; mountain railroad;
tool sharpener railroad outfit.
Ship for Skaguay Thursday. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PAINTER and paperhanging and do kalso-
mining for springs; $35 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want Monday, 7 a. m .".
86 woodchoppers, $1 60, $1 and 70c cord 95 tie-
makers, Be, 9c and 12c each: stableman, $25
and found • 3 choremen;
9 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $25, $20.
$15; man and wife for a ranch
$40 and found
6 laborers to work in the hopyards and fields,
$30; English gardener, $26
Scotch gardener, $25
cabinet maker, German. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS Special offer
35 men to cut 4-foot pine wood, $1 cord ;
•. 4-foot redwood. 70c cord
steady work; call early. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CAKE bakeV, second hand, $25 and found: sec-
ond bread baker, $8 week; 9 c00k5.. 4 waiters.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CHEESEMAKER, $35; grafter, trees and vines,
$26 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-638
Clay st. :
WANTED— Butler, $40; second butler, $30;
coachman and gardener, • country. $25; gar-
dener and 'do ' chores, country, $20; man for
small private place near city, $15; waiter,
country, $20; dishwashers. $15 and $20; and
others. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
THREE machine miners, $3 a day; cook,
boarding house, country, $35; farmer for vine-
yard. $15; choreboy on ranch, $10; Italian
milker, $20; farmer and wife, $25; redwood
tiemakers and postmakers. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 608-610 Clay st. . —
CATHOLIC coachman and gardener, $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN for indoor work. $12 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. *";,',
MAN and wife as cook and butler, $50 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th.; tel. Jessie 1164.
STRONG boy, not afraid of work, must know
the city well, $3 a week and board; bring
references. ' Apply 714 Folsom st.
BOY; must have experience In tailoring. 28
• Montgomery St., room 2. ;
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United ■ States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good cha--
. acter and habits and able to speak, read an-
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, V4O Ellis st.,
San Francisco, Cal. -J'rt^
WANTED— Specialty salesman with_,experience
for quick-selling line of premium? goods; lib-
eral commission, with advance ' for - expenses,
. to right man. Address drawer 675. : Chicago.
CASHIER— ad In Business Chances.
SYNDICATE OF MANUFACTURERS.
PRESSER on skirts. DAVIDSON MILLER
731 Market st. * ' f
GET your shoes haU-soled while waiting, 35c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 60c to $1 50; ne*v shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission
St.. laet. First and Second sts. ; open Sundays.
SEAMEN and green hands for steam whalers.
.10 Steuart st., upstairs.
HOB SON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms ' from 25a
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week. •
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experl-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and Devisadero st. ' ; :
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
• flee. J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec. 325 Grant ay.
W . ANT ?.Pr£, Ien , t0 learn the barber trade for.
■ $3 at 1542 Market st. . , :
MEN and women to learn barber trade at * V
Barber College. 138*4 Eighth st/... ' ■Elf WANTED— Con tinned.
f ■ \ WANTED— Laborers and n-.»chanics~to~know
r ■ .. .. tr.at Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
- -runs Denver House, 2:7 Third st.: 150 large
■■• • rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
•' :■ V.AXTED— At Montana House. T64U. Mission
.. - . St.. men to take rooms, 10c. 130 and 25c per
- •....•_nlgnt2_6oc. ?0c and' $1 per week.
':., PINOLE sunny furnished roctnJ ■■- 50 a month
• '•': Linden House. Sixth and Howard »ts. !
•:• ■"•: SEATTLE HOUSE. 10€>i Thfrd-Fumtshed
: .-, . r.00...3 250 to day; $1 25 to $3 week. !
-. . .MEN'S fine calf shoes to order $2 :x>: men's
': .". _ = elna*. We; only one price. .323 Howard st.
i ■.'.-* .'SINGLE roon-.s. 15c. roc. re per night; We $1
;; -. _*> « ; per w *- Elcho House. SS3^ Market st.
"• ' ''■? ; AILOrtS and ordinary «»am<>n wanted at
;... .ANE S. : a Davis >=: . near Jackson.
.*; WAXTED-To collect wages due laborers and
■• ' clerks, ahox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
•;•. ■'- SINGLE, furnished, fine, larse sunny and airy
. -.- room, .ac night. Rosedale House. 221 Ell.a st.
■ TRY A-r.-.e House. 557 Market ft., below Sixth
• : for a room; 23c a night: $1 a week.
■_ . WINCHESTER House. 44 Third ■'.. n-ax Ma-
k»t: ZOO rooms. 2."c night; reading room; fres
• : • t-» an.l baggage to ar.d from the ferry.
" : AGENTS \\ a > I'ED.
•..'••/WE handle the latest books and specialties;
; . T", »*ke rr.oney-maklr.g propositions to both
!adie<= ar.J gentlemen; you send name a- 1
. •.. afid.rc-ss: we do the rest. We want an are-"
; . . in every county. WESTERN ADVERTIS-
■• INO COMPANY. Folsom St.. S F
.'.■■ FEW Rood men for IWt selling article! Sal*
.' .ai or commission. 132 Geary st.
•'■ . P.E wls» ar.d pet irr while the proposition is
■ \ new ar.d make good mor.*y. is.i Seventh st.
.- - -- crr V ar ,,j cour^r,-, to s»!l Leather Lustre- best
; . ;5r artic> on esrth BROWX. 330 F.u«h st.
: .'■ .■ HOUSES WANTKI).
. : , ' . WANT A hotMeiof.'i" .....
„■ . adnjta. Address fcci *7S, Call effice. stating
'■ . - ; rent.
WAN ■.KO-Ml'.'! K1.1..WK015.
■ " CASH paid for boilers, enelr.es. dynamos, shaft-
■ ing, pulleys, trass. SMITH CO.. 527 Miss
MEDICAL.
• . . A St^RE, safe ar.d speedy cure fo r all female
"• diseases: all these who are sick or dlscour-
-i' .• .epe-3 should call on 'he doctor and ?tate their
• ■  caS* before going elsewhere; they wUJ and in
•';.- ..her a true friend: a home for patients, with
-..- .- every corr.fort. convenience of a hospital
. /• and privacy of a hrae; consultation free and
.- • . ■ahsolui confidential; satisfact : cn guaran-
.{ .. teed, without -r.j-jrv ;.-> heaith. or money re-
'•'.■••"' by MRS. DR. GWTER. 510 Eddy st..
-■■•■• bet. Hyde ar.d Larkin: office hours, 10 to 12.
."• ; t. to . ar.d 7to 8; phor.e East 033; Sundays by
'.' • . appointment cniy.
.* A TREATMENT that restores Instantly ail
. .- . eases of monthly irregularUies tfrom what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at ar.y time when -others have failed: travrl-
' ,. -• • • ers helped ir.stantiy ar.d can return home the
• . same day; positively no instruments used:
; : . . self cure. $3: regulator. $1: home in coaflne-
■ •'. . rr.ent: skillful medical attention; all can save
;i • .- ttrr.e and expense by consultint; the doctor.
.' ■ ■ flee before sroins elsewhere: hours. 10 to 5 and
•-. •- 7 to 8. .MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from
;•.-. Tnrfc to :•]« Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lorkin.
'.-■' . .'ALL Ladies— C only Pr. s-.-l Mrs. M. Pay!?-«.
•true .friends of aH invalids, men and wom»n:
1 '.' ; fO years" practice: safe and c;u!ek cure guar-
. .*" .' (-:»<": any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
.' . -■- s voided; kind sympathy and aid: nsnr relief.
■i' r : -though else fail: delicacy, privacy, hcrr.».
. "t " . ..... adopted, travelers treated : no df-
..'•:'■ lay; se'.f-<-ure sent: call or write: free: conn-
.::•'.• : . centia!. MRS. M. DAVIES. 123S Market st. ;
"'.•••.. -."rills. Jl: very strer.g. $2.
•-.;.. '-'A 'NEW process f.^r femaTe trouble, no matter
'■.. 'i . from what cause and how long Etandinc;
' '■■:■' ■woman her cwn physician ; ran be sent
".;•• ' '.safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
. ; .-■ . -used: consuhaticn fre.?: traveling parties
'■■: . • ■■■- helped instantly and safe treatment gtiaran- ;
.■"■••"' teed: cure. $"•: by the well-known specialists;
• . .' ar.d taiies' physician? for "7 years: see us. i
" -. .DR.. POPPER and DRS.. 31S Kearny st.
'.- A TREATMENT that restores instantly all i
.- •' -cases of monthly irregularities from whatever j
'."■■' positively n.o instruments used: guar- i
: ; ".'.'-anteed --at office. IS travelers helped In- i
; -.'- • E*ar.tly; home for patients separate frcm of- \
' "; } oV fice": ccnsultation free and strictly B Sen- i
.'• ■ ••• C.&-1: bears. a. m. to 5 p. m. 51RS. DR. i
1;.".' KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, j
■■ : --! .'-:A-DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. wcrld-renown?d !
' :' . ' .female specialist, relieves monthly irr»*u!arl- j
' - - ti»s. from whatever cause. Dr O'Donnell has |
■ ';'.. .', tr« \'-- J> . successfully more case? cf ' — -ulari- ]
■ ' '■■ ; ties than any other physietar. never falls to
'■■.■■■■ r-tr": c<"n=u:t him first. fnv» ttrr.e and money: ;
• ... ... used at home: consultation ,'
..'■' 'I '-*.■ Call or write. 1C23'4 Market st,
•-" AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics: }
• ■ ' - latest rrethods: strict anfiseptio precautions: 1
... r.ear . cr far see DRS. GOODWIN free:
: . ' '• -ti-»ll-kno-»rn: reliable, safe ar.d pure: cure In !
•• 24 hours- truara' I any time, maternity |
-.. • horoa: b*st nswdipa] attendance; pills. .S.U cure r
'$<. 13G Market «.. bet. ?th-«th. tel. Mint T?r*. ■
-. ■ ALL married tadtes knew "Seguro," the great- j
• .'■ . -esr boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay i
"- '• '^t : $! W>. Send 2? stamp for circulars tn Se- .
:"; giira Mfg. Co.. 831 X Ft., Sacramento. Cal. j
DR. ar.d MRS. WEGENER. ISU Golden Gat» i
: „• - aye.: private home in conflnement. W.th every I
'• ' cemfort; best care ar.d attendance: terms j
" .•moderate: infants adepfd Into gocd homes. ;
" 'ALFEAU"S French pills, a boon to ladles with j
.. *." ..female troubles: no dar.ger: safe cure: $2 BO:
.expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
:■•*-," <"*SC-OOD BROS.. Coast Asreits Os eland. Cat. :
•-.' LADIES— Cure guarar.t»»-'.f-r monthly trouhles; j
: ;; -'. $5 up. DR. ar.d MRS. WISE. 111? Market st. j
• .". BELLE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur- |
'V--.-- cor.flnement. 7"7 P»!!evue ay..Los Angele«.
■■ ■"■• MRS. ACHARP. ml-iwife: pleasant sunny home
• : -° ..-In confinerr.ent. IZi Second st- : tel. Green 52.
:; . •'; LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
'•:•• 'X^FF/W" OF DECKER'S BARGAINS.
• - ". : ".6-%room corner house: clears 5350 $2»n<>s !
"■■ - £8-r:" house: clears $150 *V> j
■ '• 44 rooms: corr.er: clears $250 1.5C0 |
•. .-15 rooms; near City Hall: -very good 450
:15 rooms: fine gum e'erner: clears $100.. KO I
' :.- '12 rooms on Market: exrv for lan?» house. 500 i
':•« "■ rooms: best cor. In c!ty: owner sick.. 2.2f"3 |
' -"- ■ IS rooms: rer.t JiO (transient): half cash.. 1.G50 j
- . F-">R A. HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
. .. '."calf on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market gt.
•15- ROOM house: clears $l"0 per mon:h: owner '
'■ . ■ g^k; price $350. DECKER, I^2o Market st.-
-' •• K-ROOM cor house to exchange for Oakland or '
• Alamtda prcperty. DECKER. 1020 Market st. j
. X-KREDO & CO.- 22' i Geary j
: " " M'n'-y advanced 'on all hou?»=. j
'■■ . ■• .- M 000 —196 rooms' Eurr.pean hotel: rent $i!>3: [
: .'elegant "modern house: clears WMO yearly.
$2500—50 rooms: hotel: clears J2-0 a. month; \
beit'fn city: all full.
 , • $1400—35 rooms; all new: cr.»ap rent; best ;
- : . ... city; worth I2OCO.
• ":%V*—, ,ll rooms; O'Farr'll: new.
•■'• J425 — 10- re-ims: Post; cheap at %W. '
■:•■ " $S2S— 3 rooms; Leavonworth: nothing bct.er. ,
. ; '-.Many ethers. Cail and get list. KREPO. |
■ .'■> ' ISOO^-15 ROOMS; central corner.
- /:!. $lt- c /^ r _ roon-.s: all filled and paying.
I..- $"-7 5T— S« rrxjms: near our effire.
.>■:. • •• . A. M. SPECK &_£°^iJ___:_l_ S ---
-." ;■ i^TIOOM 1-dgir.K house, with Hne .upright j
-.-. - •" piano; J3OJ: tZ<y> cash, balance payments, j
••,v'- ; : Eex 321, Call office. j
•' : '-"' NINE ■ roorr.s.~all occupied: rent reasonable; |
• ■;' -;'•«»•!! ch»ap. 259 Stevenson at. . 1
' •[■ ■ FOR" sale-A lodging-house of 16 rooms, at
. r.V. 12-0 Sixth st^ ____^ '
!°iV>|C6— 12 ROOMS; sunny corner: low rent; clear* j
: •;{ -....Ml monthly. 11^3 '■-■■• - j
;V- ".. FOR MISCBIXAKE
" "= t-BOILER?. enclr.es, 2i-har.d machinery. Me- j
• .;• V -INTCSH & WOLPMAS. 133-197 Fremont st. j
'•• : : J-Ba' outfits, counters, shelving, showcases .
'"°: "'• '<all flies), office Oxtures. cash • registers. ,
1.." scales ccffe« mills, etc.. bought and sold-, es-
"■ /. tlmates given. J. SCHWKR&T. K2l Mibaton.
«■•!.' FOR !=a!e — A splendid opportunity; aa o!d>es-
•• ".-ytaoltsbejj branch bakery and variety store;
•"• over 12 Sears on the Farr.e corner: win. on ac- j
" . ceuat of oM ag«. sell at a sacrifice: more than •
."• ' fall \'a!ue in s'Rht. Caii at 412 A —nth
- .. . •' sr.'. itMVf Valencia. ■_
' V 'BAR* 5 back-bars mirrors, fhowcases, Counters,
•■' " liftcleum off.cc furniture, store ail office fur-
"'" nltu'-e'and fixtures; new anfi second hand. J. ;
I•■ ' NOONAN. ICI7-10lJ-1'.21-1023 Mission . St..
above- Sixth. < ,
PRF-TTY little ."diamond itxtd for $5; cost $^.
. ' T.NCLE HARRIS, la Grant aye.
fupip ymall «/*rew-cuttir.« lathe: t portable
■ . ™^__^_IL3 _5 r _L_ h - ars ' __?i
'SINGER s»«r!ng machine: ne^- style; good as
° .' riew; ch»np. 1915 MUfion ?t.
i
*» • MALTESE i kittiiw: «S i for sale: * weeks Old;
• Address 120 Fnurth tt^. room 3.
, 'rT^T 'rnn bath tub?, or.amelod: 8 ft. and s^i ft.
" by Vtt : ehrttp^H. 3. V\T.;te. 516-20 MlMion.
FIREPROOF safe for sale chesp at U ..lam
St.. San Francisco. ■
<
• SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-,". 453 Sacramento it. ■ ■ ■ ■
>V BArBB-B*rgalM in new «n d 1 « c " r ; d .-' l * nd : f' I
s4zeg: half original c.-.st 103-111 Market. S. F.
; r~. AIDING.
; .t-ton machine: any sire mad? GEORCzE f °* i
1 ... -titon machine: any size rr-ade GEORGE iL
0 ;";• 6ALSBURY. 521 X ft.. Sunset distrlgt. '
j :-. PHV&ICIAKS. . ._
:• REMOVAITnotIce^D7~C. C. O'Donnell, office
j and residence. 1021% Market. b«L «U» and .th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— Jl2-V'; ATraNTToS private dls-
ransary and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wui figures; established many years: the
b««t paying in California: diseases r-l mon ex-
clusively; receipts of IS9S. $4L51; proprietor to
,r«tl:e to private life. Partlcul— r* \V ILKt- it
/. UNFUG. tut Market st. ■_ '
A— $l«00;~OLD establ!shed~corner grocery and
bar; 4 doors- off Powell st.; clearing $150 per
month: rent $60; return rent $58; a splendid
offer: owner to take charge of his - r - > -' ll -
WILKE ft UNFUG. 90S Market st.
A— SSSO— COP.NER grocery and bar on Market
St.; 4 living rooms; old established and first-
class paying: all cash custom; a splenaul
bargain. Particulars WILKE & LNFLu, U>6
Uarket st.
A— ss:c— CORNER grocery ar.d bar; choicest
location in Mission, with flat of 4 tocoh;
vent 530; good paying business; partners to
dissolve. Call WILKE & UNFLG. «0« Markt.
A-S4CC--PORK and delicacy store, doing a
splendid business; living rooms; rent *...
very best location In the Mission. i. an
WILKE & UNFUG. gQS_Market st.
1 $1500; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years a:. '. doing a good cash store
■■ and bar business; fullest Investigation sol.c-
-| lted owner to .-ngag In .^^i? 1 !? 1 . 0 ", bu * 1 *
I ness. Cail oa ILKE & UNFUG. Ml Market.
A— MOO; SALOON; kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business: best .oca-
tion; close to Montgomery and California «*:
owner sick; must sacrifice. \\li-t>-t- — »---»-
FUG, SC6 Market st.
|
A-S4CO; BARREL route clearing $75 per month;
horse, wagon, furniture: 0 X investment.
WILKE & UNFUG. SOt Market St.
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale Is made.
We have several-good buyers.
Wanted— Manufacturing sines*.
1 Wanted— Bearding stable.
: Wanted— A small business.
• Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
• $4C<>— SALOON: $15 a day trade.
' MOO— Partner; mfg. business: £-■> a week.
• $2/K>— Partner; mechanical business; lioaweek.
: $50Q-Restaurant: $30 a day trace.
; JGOC— Grocery and bar: fair trade.
WESTERN- INVESTMENT CO.. 3 Geary st.
i $JOO-^O? AKTTCER wanted: suited to plain.
steady man satisfied with $13 to $2 a week;
: no- experience required. Western Investment
Co.. S Geary st.
; J430 — GROCERY and bar: best part of Minna
st • 3 good living rooms: rent $20; business
speaks for itself. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
i $14C0— CORNER grocery ar.d bar: north of Mar-
ket st.: iivlr.g rooms; more than value in
sight: bears iuvestigati-jn. M. LESS ie CO..
755 Market s^
! £W'— PARTNER wanted in a paying, legitimate
business: will pay to each $5 daily. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market St.
' $S>K>— HOTEL at a sacrifice; other bus. cause of
| sale. MLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
j $200fri-CORNER saloon, established 3u years;
present owner retiring from business, old age
the rause; receipts $:. r . to $35 daily. Me-
LAUGH LIN .* CO.. 777 Market st.
! TO buy. sell or exchange city and country
I property ?ee HARTLEY Sc CO.. IX6 Market.
'• $3200— WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house; card, billiard rooms; basement; safe
: Investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
: FOR this week we offer the following- list of
1 Sine groceries, no bar: $3000. $2000. $1600. $1100,
' $?00. $700: with bar:' $5500. $4000, $1500, $1500,
' $10>''\ $700, $400: salocns and liquor houses,
! $7500. $5000, $l"yJO, $1300. $1400, S4OO. $i5O, etc.
I . THE GERMAN-AMERICAN, 112 Kearny st.
i TO lease— Ker.il worth Inn; romantically situ-
ated In Mill Valley, SO minutes' ride from S.
F. ; completely furnished; 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths; electric lights: heatera
throughout; elevators, etc.; rent low. Apply
MADISON & BURKE, 826 Market St.
IF you want to buy," sell or exchange ri"Oj>-
; <?rty cr business of any kind see JONES &
! LAWN. 715 Market .=:.. for square dealing.
• PARTNER v,-_ited: office business: small capi-
; tal required: investigate. Reliable Exchange.
41 Third St., room 5.
i — TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
j apply to MOON &co . IOOS'i Market st.
1 COOKING without fuel: great invention; mon-
ey, time ar.d labor saver; county rights for
sale. ■ • ar.d 43 Chronicle bldg.
! OLD established stationery and notion Etore;
I good school yade; 3 fine sqnny living rooms
; er.d large yard; rent 120. Address box B, Call
branch office. 57 Hayes st.
I RICH gold ledge; exposure too large to cover;
want funds to patent ar.ti work; give half
interest. Box 476, Call office.
SALOON for sale. Inquire 102 Geary at. from
; 12 to 6 p. m.
545.-10 — F^>R cash only: for sale one of the
test hotels In the city of Oakland: 60 sunny
front rooms; house full all the :|me: reason
for selling., sickness ■' the proprietor; or
would take a srocd partner with JjOOO cash:
rersons' without money need not apply; no
agents for business. ..Address C. A. S. H..
Call office. Oakland. r, .
$«OO— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition: hest cash trade. Apply 2- First
st. ; no agents.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'3
brokerage office. 45 Sutter St.. opposite Oc-
cidental" Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets.
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$23 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at SCO Haight st. : no agents.
; FOR business chances, rooming houses, city
I and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans
etc.. call on CLARK & CO., room 509, Exam-
iner building.
FOR =a!e — On account of leaving State, an old-
established grocery business. Box 445. Call.
$450— FOR sale; restaurant; present owner run-
ning over 10 its; a bargain. 10S Seventh st.
'• SALOON; good fixtures and stock: good busi-
ness location; 100 Folsom St., corner Spear.
HOTEL for rent, furnished, in manufacturing
town near city. WARD <* CO., 610 Clay st.
'■ WELL-PAYING bakery; store trade only; very
I best location; cheap. Apply Call office.
WE buy. sell, exchange any business for cash;
rare chances; investigate. 41 Third st.
FOR ale- O. K. barber shop: good business; 1
chairs; cheap. 553 Howard at. . ;
: $175— CIGAR store for sale; cause of sale, other
business. 41 Foarth st.
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fußed: at Sixth and Washington. Oakland.
FOR SALE— A first-class family restaurant,
having a fine family • trad*; owner Is In an-
i other business and cannot give it his atten-
tion. Box 333, Call."
! GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or separate: must oe sold: cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley stl
! $»2o— SALOON: midst of factories; furnished
living rooms; low rent doing good steady
business. CLARK & CO., 509 Examiner bldg.
j GOOD paying city weekly for sale cheap: best
! of reasons for selling; profitable advertising
patronage. Address box 440. Call office.
i RESTAURANT for sale; best location;
216 Main st., Stockton:, a bargain; come and
s«e for yourself.
2-CHAIR barber shop for pale: information at
WILL & FINCKS. SW Market st.
i $400^REST AURANT; ■ living rooms well fur-
nished; rent $30: a bargain. 1303 Castro st.
; GOOD express wagon, horse and buggy har-
! ness cheap at JTS<S Seventeenth st.
I $15C— SALOON for sale. Apply 651 Mission st.
; RESTAURANT cheap. Apply Call office.
i FOR tilt — Cheap: branch bakery and dairy
produce "tore: 4 living rooms: rent $15. Ap-
ply 707 Devtaadei St.
! MODERN millinery store for sale at a bargain;
i in .1 thoroughly up to date town. Apply to
BUTLER. SCHUTZE & CO.. 723 Market st.
WELL-PAYING branch baker:-, grocery and
; coffee saloon for sale. 855 Mission St.. nr. €th.
FOR Sale — A bargain : first-class grocery store
In Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply
.at TILLMANN & BENDEL. 313-327 Batr-ry.
COFFEE and tea routei zuopiled from GEO.
W. CASWELL * CO. 'B. 4U Facramento St.
HORSES.
I J^ r^^ v^ o ..-^^-^^-^^.-^ -..- ...' rjL _,-_,.
MAMMOTH auction sale of 100 head of broken
and unbroken horse?. Monday, March 6, at
11 o'clock, at Emporium Salesyard?, 220 Va-
lencia st S. W ATKINS, Auctioneer.
49 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugg:*i.
carte, harness; Grand j Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
_TcXn milk or grocery wagon; new;~cheap7
4 " Army at. _^__
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
Buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fo'som st,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES.
U MONTHLY, ranted; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies., 145 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
r«palrtne s.t lowest rates. »5 Fourth st.
~ 7 " FURNITURE KOH SALE. •
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 M. wit* No.
I range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1899.
PERSONALS. j
LEDERER'S Qainonia Hair Tonic is driving all
other hair tonics out of the market; 35c bottle.
G. LEIiERER. 123 Stockton st. - ■ j
IF you want your hair dressed correctly, go to
LEJ^ERER: price, 25c; hair rolls. 35c: good
switches. $1; fine, J2 .'0 LEDERER'S Foaroo
Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stocktn.
BATHS. 12*ic: 30 porceUin tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
I HAVE been troubled with- toothache for a
number of years on both sides of face: by.
using Prof. CHAS. LOG'S remedy was cured
entirely. MRS. ALICE J. HAINES. 712
Commercial; also E. WELLS and W. HAM-
ILTON. Prof. LOG has removed to 619 Jack-
sen st. . .
WRINKLES scientifically removed and busts
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
wonderful Invention, at the HARMONIC
LIFE INSTITUTE. 236 Powell St.; tests free.
I JOHN L. BOONE. • Patent, Trademark
; Attorney-at-Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. . Law a Specialty.
i San Francisco. Ca!. ■ American ar.d Foreign
| Send for Circular ; Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lisrhta in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: ttt rooms:
:»c to $150 per night; $150 to $5 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
I effective. . 1123 Sutter St. MRS. CLAYTON.
j FOLDING beds $3 50; bedrm. sets $»: bed loung-
; es $4 50: open »vs. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
! A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folscm st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly oa
Pest st . removed to store 119 Kearny st.
I HOME in conflnement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 14:8 Sth St., Alameda.
i A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
: H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
i CLOTHING, especially ladles" and children's;
: highest price: postal." H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
! SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
! LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
: ;
DRESSMAKEK .
i CHILDREN'S dresses made; fitted at their
homes. Address P.. 357 Hayes st.
I SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
i College. Ml Market: men and women teachers.
' SILK or cloth dresses made. 15 up: dresses made
i over; perfect fit.' 3 Eddy. MM!' GOLDSTEIN.
j LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, milll-
I nery; patterna cut. McDowell Sch.. 103 Post.
SPIIIITCALISM-
! A^~MRs' J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
j life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat ail pri-
i vate chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free; sittings Jl. 231 Stockton st-
! MOTHER SADIE'S etherealizing and material-
I izing seance to-day. 12 o'clock. 50c. 109 Leav-
i en worth st.
I MRS ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. :
' Mon. 8; 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
1_ — •
i MRS B. BAUMANN. the wen-known fortune
; teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
j MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent »lat»
! writing medium. 11*. Haight st.
! C l*J- l rt V O VANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco at 1C334 Market St., bet.
Sixth md Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost aflec-
tlcns. make marriage with the en« you lov«
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
gir<» correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect action guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
1 terms, to MRS. DR .♦*". CLARK. 1C23'4 Met
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
I card reader: born with double veil and sec-
i ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
: Ing; ladies, 50c: gents. $1: lit.. $1 50. 126 Turk
! YOUR future told by cards. 25c. ITU Mission
' St.. downstairs: Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
GYPSY life reader: tells nothing but truths;
all questions answered; 25c. 50c. 32* Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist an card reader:
; past, present and future: 25c 1534 Sth. r. 21.
t NINTH. T7— Your future told by cards: satis-
faction guaranteed; ladies 10c, gents 25c.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist
j 216 Kearny st., rooms 3 and 10.
i CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladles cnly.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
j MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; tSc.
MME. MOHEAU, the best medium and card
reader: 13c up. 73 Fourth st . near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2Sc up. > Fourth st.
MME EYBILLE. cradle to grave: future "hos-
ban<T« picture. Vr: ladle*. !«!t O'Farrell st.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.; i future
events. 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
palmistry!!
MM_ NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine. 33SS Twenty-flrst St.. above Valencia;
te:. White 1571: reading by mail $1;
S FLU O U > AIR ~
i SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; 15
years' experience; references given. -
DENTISTS^
DR T. B. HIOOIN8" Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckelß bldy.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on -the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned: pure gold filling, from $1; plates
from $0. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A FULL set of teeth, $3; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
! our specialty: fillings, Me; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlor*. 24 Sixth St.; telephene Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; receiver! 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; fuH set of
teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fillings. SOC; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed \
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
[ evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
' DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
i Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S." F. ;' painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 9*'.' Mission, cor. 6th.
' SET of teeth without a plate. DR. • H. G.
' YOUNG. I*4l Polk st. . '
' PARIS Dental Parlors, 23? K»*rny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. Me: sllvr. I-'- : crowns. $3.
; EDUCATIONAL.
I ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy. surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 21
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st. . •
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- j
ing, niech. survey, assay, archlt. : day * ere.;
• ««t. ISM. VAN DER NAILLEN. 533, Market. ■
| ELOCUTION, English branches; trial lesson
free nt pupil's home or 11S7 Dolores; teacher.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.; Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs. !
\ PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. ■ M me.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
■ HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; costs 'advanced in
good cases. ROSS, . --5 Market St.. room 127.
i ADVICE free;Mlvorce laws, private estates. J.
B. EVAN.- 14 McAllister st., room 64.
i ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
| L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 327
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
r '-... . . STORAGE^
DON'T~store in cellars. Bee O. M. JUDSON
t CO.. 1123 Howard «t.: advances made.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. I
I Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell: tel. Main 1713. '
i PIERCE tc TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
lng, advances, etc 735 Market: tel.. Black 311.
„ __ _____ — _—..-. •
LUSI.
LOST— Small blue and tan dog: 15 reward. Re-
turn to E. Haquetttes Palace of Art, It Poet.
HOUSES TO LET.
\— s2o; 7- ROOM house, few blocks from Palace,
at A. M SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st. .
AN offer wanted for lovely 9-room house. 1304
Post st., near FraakUn. .
HOUSE and stable to let; reasonable to right
party. Inquire 820H Jessie St.. off Ninth.
HOUSE with S. 16 or 24 rooms for rent. Apply
I at 1153 Howard st. ' . ■ •
HOUSES to let for the New Tear by BALD-
. WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
NICE dwelling: 67! Bryant St.. near Fifth; 3
nice rooms; hallway; separate yard; rent $9.
NOB HILL, . 1030 Pine st? — 10 rooms, bath. 2
closets; 2 car lines. Apply premises 11 to I
o'clock. Other house 1370 Page at.; tel. Pine
IS2I. ■ ■ . .
PERRY. 20«— House, 4 rooms, and yard: rent
J" 50; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.
POST, 921Vi— Lower flat^ 6 roor=s. bath; large
yard; rent SIS. : - '
VALENCIA. 1308— Sunny house of 7 rooms;
bath, basement and garden: in perfect order;
$26 60. Owner. 1310 Valencia st. . .
VALLEY Very sunny house of « rooms;
garden and large yard. Owner. 1310 Valencia.
$13— HOUSE. 6 rooms. 8 Willow a>ve., off Lar-
kin st., bet. Eddy and Ellis.
$1600— COZY new 4-room bay-window house: 10-
-foot brick basement: stable. 1419 Shotwell st.
VALLEJO. 911—7 large sunny rooms; bath,
yard and cellar; low rent.
$7CO— REAR boose, 4 rooms and cellar. 734>ri
Howard St.. near Third.
FIRMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED houses to rent In Alameda: finely
furnished: 8 rooms; beautiful grounds; couple
will accept board with tenant or take couple
to board. Address box 450, Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; rear cottage. 3 rooms;
large stable and wagon shed; reasonable. 1562
| Turk st. ■ .-
i COTTAGE. 5 rooms, rent $10; water free. 3351
Twenty-sixth st., near Mission. -
SUNNY cottage, « large rooms, bath, with
basement: rent reasonable. 724 Willow aye.,
; between Buchanan and Webster sts.
$10 50— COTTAGE; 4 rooms; ceilar; yard. 451
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna »ts.
' $20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath, large basement.
' yard. 2103 Webster St.. near Sacramento.
FLATS TO LET.
i
i AN elegant flat; bath, laundry, sanitary
• plumbing; sunny side. 71SA Bush st.
ANTONIO. 4E. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— 6 rms. ; modern conveniences; new house.
ARMY 4375. near Castro— Flat of 4 rooms;
use of large stable, $2.
'. BRODERICK, 1018, near Turk— New modem f
and 7 room flats. ■
CLAY. 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde —
First-class sunny fiat, 8 rooms and bath, ex-
tra room In basement; rent reduced very low.
CLEMENTINA. 164. off Third— 3 rooms, JS;
newly painted and papered;. 4 rooms. $3.
CORNER flat, 4 rooms, bath and gas; 22d-st.
cars pass; rent $10. 3553 Twenty-fourth st.
CORNER flat; 6 sunny rooms; porcelain bath,
tils sink, modern improvement. 33 CaDt> st.
ELLIS. 19S0— Sunny upper Sat; 5 rooms, bath;
f.rst-class condition; $17.
FELL, 511— of 4" rooms; bath; hot and cold
water: gas; yard and basement; $15 rent. Key
at -513 Fell st. '
I FLATS, renovated, 3 and 4 rooms. $S, $9 and
I ?10. 521 to 527 Linden aye.. between Laguna
' and Buchanan sts.
i FLAT of 4 rooms; bay window; bath: $12. 71*
j • Natoma Et., between Eighth and Ninth.
! FLATS to let for the New Year by BAI_-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
i GOLDEN GATE aye.. 32»— new upper, sunny,
! modern flat, opposite Jefferson Square; i
rooms and bath.
GROVE, 842— Flat. 6 sunny rooms; bath; mod-
| crn improvements: $23.
GUERRERO, 53S— large furnished corner
i sunny rooms and kitchen, fitted with modern
conveniences; hot and coM water; warm belt;
i suitable for the aged or convalescent; rent $23.
HARRISON. frSl— 6-room fiat, with bath; clean;
$22. ; ■ ■ ■
HAVES. 189, near FiHmore— Nice upper flat, 6
rooms and bath: good order; rent $17.
1 HOWARD. 1153, near Eighth— or 2 or 3 flats,
S rooms each; separate or all together.
HOWARD, ISC6— Double bay-window flat of 6
rooms; bath; rent cheap.
HOWARD. SOO6A. near Sixteenth— beautiful
furnished rooms for housekeeping; $8.
LIBERTY, 221,- near Dolores— Flat, 5 large
: rooms: bath; gas: tubs; rent only $15.
NA.TOMA 700 A —New 6 rooms, bath: corner;
bay-window facing Eighth st. Owner. 144 2d.
: NINTH. Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath: $15.
OAK. 411V2— lower Cat of four clean rooms;
rent $10 50.
FINE new modern fiat. 5 rooms and bath:
latest appointments throughout: excellent
neighborhood: marine ' view. 1267 Clay St..
near. Jones, l- .-: •-. _^
STEINER. bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Elegant
new sunny flats: open to-day; 9-room> $47 50;
i T-room. $-37 50: also on same lot. facing Elliott
Park. 5-room. $22 50; 4-room. $1?; have porce-
lain tub"!, basements and all modern improve-
ments; water, scavenger and janitor service
Included. ' ___^_
'■ SUNNY top fiat: 4 rooms and bath: latest im-
provements. Key 713 Grove st.
TO let— Elegantly, furnished sunny flat of I
rooms; facing Park panhandle. 220 Clayton
st.. corner Fell.
| TWELFTH, 322— Lower flat of 3 rooms; with
stable If required. . ■ .
; TWENTY-FOURTH, near Treat— Lower flat, 4
rooms, bath: large yard: cheap rent.
; VERY pleasant sunny flat: low rent. 831 Guer-
! rero St.. near Twenty-first.
, WALLER, 312—4 rooms and bath, basement and
yard. Inquire at 310 H. •
$7 LOWER flat of 4 rooms. Apply 2543
Bryant aye., near Twenty-fifth st. .
: JlO-Jll-3 AND 5 rooms and bath. Apply 415
• Capp st.. near Twentieth. *
: $12— NICE flat -of 4 rooms. 14 Moss St.. bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING-
' BAKER 2110—3 sunny rooms and bath on
lower floor; furnished for housekeeping.
j BIRCH aye., 617, between Laguna and Bu-
chanan— 2 rooms and kitchen; rent $«.
1 BRODERICK, MS— Three large bay-window
room*; housekeeping; near park.
: EDDY, 917— Very nicely furnished sunny con-
necting housekeeping rooms; splendid loca-
tion; private family. . ■ ■ .
I ELLIS. 330—2 small rooms in rear furnished
for housekeeping. -.
FIFTH. — New house. 2 or 3 sunny bay-win-
" dow housekeeping rooms; running water; gas.
FOLSOM. MS— large sunny bedroom and ad-
joinlng kitchen; yard; $12.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny rooms for house-
keeping: suite and others; hath.
j GOLDEN GATE, 402— Sunny flat, 4 rooms and
bath; complete; gas range,, etc.; 130.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. IMO— One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light housekeeping or for gentleman: gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
■ GROVE. 1"i— 1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping if desired. •. ,-' -
GROVE 202. cor. Van Ness aye.— Elegant un-
furnished 3-rocm suites, with gas range. .
HAVES, 348 — ♦ rooms for housekeeping; "fur-
nished or unfurnished. Call at 251 Ivy aye.
HYDE. 603— Nicely furnished lower floor; 3 or
4 rooms; complete with range; other rooms.
! LEWIS. IS. off. Taylor, near Post— 2 'rooms and
kitchen: unfurnished. ■.;.* ■ ■ -
! MASON. 501—2 or 3 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: $12 up per month. ;
MCALLISTER. -Furnished rooms for house-
keeping^ " ■ - ' • • '
MCALLISTER. 635— Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.^ ■
MINNA. 364—2 or 3 neatly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: also single; cheap. >
MISSION. Sll— 2 rooms for housekeeping; nice
yard for children; $12. . .
MISSION, 83S— Sunny kitchen and bedroom,
$10; large rooms, J2;' single, -■ $1.
MISSION. 833— Sunny kitchen and bedroom, $10;
large sunny rooms.- $2 a week; housekeeping.
j MISSION. Front alcove suite, complete for
housekeeping. o . .->-;>:'
' MISSION, 11254— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished: good cookstove: cheap. .-- ■.
MISSION, 2133—2 pleasant rooms and regular
kitchen connecting, furnished complete;
' bath; $15. -,' : -..- -. .-' / ■'■.;■■,
' NATOMA. 114—2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
completely furnished. ■■ "' ■■ • ■ . ■ ■-
NATOMA, 733. near Ninth— Single rfr house-
keeping rooms; tunny. ;.--■ ~ ■ - v /
NINTH. 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite,- 2 sunny connecting 'rooms;, stove;
water) gas; sing!* ■ -'
■ ;-,■ .'■;.-' - ■ . ■ . ■ - '
i
HOUSEKEEPING Continued.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite for light housekeep-
ing; *=tove and running water; also others.
OAK, -54— Furnished sunny' rooms; light house-
keeping if desired; bath: gas.
OCTAVIA. Double ■ bay-window parlors,
both" front; sun all day;- newly furnished,
rent $12 60; housekeeping if desired; also
single. , .■ . .
O'FARRELL. 406 1 *— 2 well-furnished rooms,
complete for, housekeeping; rent $15.
•PERRY, 186— 2 nicely furnished rooms, for
housekeeping. _______________
POWELL. Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing and single rooms; respectable and reason-
. able. _^_
SIXTH, SlS^i— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rocir.s: light housekeeping _ sing.; rent reas.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— l. 2" or 8 sunny front
room*, nicely furnished for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1387—Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— s sunny furnished
. housekeeping rooms, 115. -
TENTH 136, corner Minna— Sunny front room;
grate and running water; light housekeeping.
TWENTIETH, 4231. 130 feet from Castro— 3
large furnished housekeeping, rooms and
bath; hot and cold water: a new house: pri-
vate family; fine view;" very desirable local-
ity; rto children wanted. '
VALENCIA, 1175—2 nicely furnished, house-
keeping rooms: bay-window; sunny; bath.
VAN NESS. aye.. 1021 — etinny rooms: gas.
range., bath; furnished: "low rent. __._•_
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SUTTER,'. 717, 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated 'if seen; please investigate.
AT. £2 — Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3: single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c
AT Stockton, 142— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— Sixth St.." corner Howard-
Rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night:
$1 15 to $5 week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from ail trains.
BURNETT. 1344 Market st. -Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished sunny double
rooms, $7 upward; single, $5; gas; bath; quiet.
FIFTH,' Double and single rooms; neat,
clean; all sunny: running water: $1 to $2 we»k.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Pleasant' sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates: famlllea.
GOLDEN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished sunny
room and bath.
GOLDEN GATE; Handsomely furnished
front room: running -water; grate; private
family ; reasonable. .
HANCOCK House. 751 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to JS per week.
HARRISON. TH I ?, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms: bath: all conveniences;
homelike; $1 a week.
HOWARD. 853— Two nice sunny rooms in "pri-
vate family; 35 and J6 per month.
HOWARD, — One • bright front bedroom
and one large unfurnished: stationary wash-
stand; bath; hot and cold water.
JESSIE, 369— Front room, first floor, $1 50 per
• week. -
LARKIN. 408— Sunny front room for one or two
gentlemen: private house.
LARKIN. BSO_C— pleasant furnished
room: large closet: fireplace; private family.
LEAVENWORTH, 109— Sunny furnished front
alcove room, and others; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Parlor floor of 3 rooms
for doctor or man and wife.
LEAVENWORTH, £17— Sunny furnished room
to let; $6.
MARKET, 1122. bet. Mason and Taylor— Suite
of I nice sunny front "rooms; rent reasonable;
also single rooms.
MARKET, 1539, near Guerrero— Front single
room or double parlors, with use of piano.
MINNA. 667, comer Eighth— Newly furpished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, S39— Sunny rooms. $1 a week up.
MISSION. 2031— Furnished rooms for single
men; "J3 up; front parlor. . .
NATOMA, 18— Single sunny unfurnished room
to let; upstairs; $2 50 a month. _
OAK. Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
everything complete; rent moderate.
OCTAVIA. 418—2 or 3 furnished rooms, with
or without us* of kitchen.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 2SO (The El wood)— Nice sunny
rooms; transient: quiet.
O'FARRELL, 419 (flat 4)— Furnished room; use
of kitchen: $10.
O'FARRELL, 230— Furnished rooms; day, week
; or month; nice sunny suite. __
O'FARRELL. 271— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
PINE, 514 A. n«ar Kcamy— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms: single or en suite: $5 up.
PINE, 1—7 — Two sunny unfurnished rooms;
with or without board: all conveniences.
POST, 817— A front alcove room; also back
room, with running water.
SAN CARLOS aye.. 151, near Eighteenth-
Large sunny furnished front room, grate and
closet: $5 per month.
SEVENTH, 192— Girard House; sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409. and '22 Mint aye.— Sunny
furnished front rooms, with grate, and others;
$1 up. • ;
SUTTER. Newly and elegantly furnished
front room. __________
TAYLOR, 70«— Pleasant sunny rooms for gen-
• tlemen. • - ■ •
THIRD. 251— Single sunny rooms for gentlemen,
$1 and up: private family.
THIRTEENTH, 4134. bet. Valencia and Guer-
rero—Large sunny furnished bay-window
room, closet, running water; excellent view;
cheap. _
TURK, Bright parlor for dressmaking or
office ; light housekeeping; gas; new furniture.
TURK. 132— A large room suitable for two.
VALENCIA. 128, near Market— New, elegantly
furnished rooms, with or without board, in
private family. _
VALENCIA. $44— Sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; also housekeeping; gas, bath,
closets, grates. .
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first-class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
»uite3. with board for 2, $50 month up. :\"-'. -_.;
FIRST, 415 -Swedlsh private boarding, with
room. 34 a week up: elegant parlor suite. "
O'FARRELL. 743— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board. • .
~ CHILDREN BOARDED. ; -
ONE or 2 children to board: German family;
nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st. _■
GOOD boa for child, with mother's care, 113
a month. 210 Islington aye
, STORE!; TO LET.
LARGE welt lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; : suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply MSB
Folsom st. ■■.*■■ ■ •
HOWARD, 1922, b<?t. Fifteenth and Sixteenth—
Fine store, counter, shelves and 3 living
rooms; sunny yard; rent reduced, to 39 SO. :
SAN JOSE aye.. 112— Corner store with fixings:
B rooms, yard; Jl2; good for grocery or fruit
store/ - .-■■■ . ' v--. _> .
SEVENTH, 48— Store with 5 living rooms; rent
I cheap. » - - . ■"".-. -. -
~ v OFFICES TO LET.
i KEARNY, 410— Newly renovated offices; en ;
: mite or single; front or rear- '. ■-■ rent. f
~~ ■■_. . CARPET CLEAJfIXG.
CITY Steam Carp«t-cleanlng Works— Cleans,,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become dlssrastetf with poor work
send* •-■ to SPAULDING'S -- Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Teharoa st. ; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
'453 Stevensop st.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 3*4. -
j E MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 nth
St.: cleaning. 3c p«r yard: teh -Mission 74.
' CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; te! East IX.--. >
;'■ :■ • •_•__■» •• HERS.
_L_Ttypewriters seld and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & '-"O.OiO . .ontgomery.
| A HAMMOND. J225; Caiiirr_pb. $15; Tost. UK;
i get sample work. BCQTT, 233 Montgomery •*.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling pood upright pianos for S« I
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to latest!- ,
gate and approve this method; prices are the j
cam, as if purchased for all cash; bargains i
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments ana some good pianos tor S3. $4 and
J5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY a CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearay. and cutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. :. ■ ; " : ' ' :
ABSOLUTELY the oldest ar.d largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
:B.IS and 30 O'FarreU St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments ■■'■ all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices '. ,we-:. every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer. ■• • t - '■
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, wain::
case, upright, bargain: Knab«, good as new.
upright, rosewood: Chickering.. used -three ■
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed fly* ;
years; easy payments. BEXJ. CLRTA^ & |
SON. 16 O'Farrell st. |
ABSOLUTE bargains- in pianos, this week only;
Checkering, $73: Steinway, $127; Emerson,
I13S; Kelso, Si*.": Spencer. 5175: Colby, $ISS:
Conover. |225: Steinway. $230. SPENCER'S
Piano Warerooms. ISIS Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. Zam McAllister st.
"THE best bargain in the city, ran be found
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
FINE Steinway. Chlckerinc-. b-^th uprights, at
a sacrifice., KEEFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos, rented. 13 mo. Seott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A— UPRIGHTS.. $63 up: installments. $5 75 up:
rents $3 SO up (allowed on purchase). 131 Ellis.
W G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. Ac | for
Francis Bacon and HalleC & Davis ptanos.
BARGAIN-Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank. ' "
SOHMER' pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. SOS Post st.
" A PIANO that will pleasa you, the Byron
Mausy. SOS Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, .old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Pacific Heights residences just be- j
Ing completed, corner Jack-son and Buchanan: I
Finest homes-ever offered .on the market. Fin- ■
Ished In mahogany and oak. Contain 12 j
rooms, attic, billiard room, wtnc room, heater, .
etc.. 7 mantels, dressing room adjoining each |
bed room. Inlaid floors in reception hall. Full
particulars. MADISON & BURKE, 62« Mar-
ket st.
— MISSION COTTAGES
Four,' 5. 6 and S-room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st. . between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $32 | V: small cash payment; bal- ,
ance monthly: over 43 houses sold' in same j
block by F. NELSON, builder. j
OWING to the pressure of business and the j
necessity of a larger officl. JACOB- HEY-
MAN & SON will remove asout March 1.
IS3S. to No. 19 Montgomery st.
. • COCVTRV. HEAL K.NT\TK.
CHICKEN, bee and fruit ranch of 8 acres: one !
of the best equipped in the State: 600 -chick- ,
ens. 200 ducks, 400 pigeons and 35 stands of '
bees; large brooder-house, capacity 3000 chick-
ens; incubators, bone-cutter mill, hay-cutter, ;
cider-prusa, horse, wagon, buggy, farm im-.;
plements. tools, etc.; household furniture:
price $1750 for stock. Improvements, etc.: rent < .
$2.*. J. H. READ, Dlmond, Upper Fruitvale, i
', Alameda County. ■ ' f
$673—12^7 ACRES In Lakepart. Lake County; 10
acres bearing orchard; 3-room house, barn, i
etc running water; bargain.
$2550— 350 acres. Lake County: I*'" aerps in
crop; abundance of wood and running water; !
good house and barn: mostly fenced.
C. F. MOORE. 835 Market St., room 4. .
SHASTA County farms for sale. L. L. M.
[ SALSBURY, 902 Broadway. Oakland. V--*,-:
i NEW rich land near city: small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-S8 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole: if you
owe a balance on the purchase -price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 65-63, Donohoe btdg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or ptanos in S. F.. Oak- j
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no . delays. J. !
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ___ j
l ANY amount at SVj per cent on real -estate. 2d I
and 3d mortgages, estates, real -estate In pro-
land 2d mortgages, estates, real estate no. de- j
bate, mortgages and legacies bought: no de- |
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. ;
[ HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- j
! tain liberal advances nil diamonds and. jew-
eVry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market St.: tel. Main 1644,
: LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003^i Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
! BORROW money on Indorsed payer or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture- or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland; Alameda: ;
Berkeley. EDSON. 12*> Broadway. Oakland. ]
! BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22, Mason St.. opp. Olympia Music Hall. ,
* ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in ;
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market at. ;
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.; |
any proposition. • Dryden. 413 Montgomery st. !
. ■;-, -.;: • financial. "~~
" NOTES discounted, mortgages: advances on '
warehouse receipts; probate. SYLVAIN SAL-
. OMON, broker, 328 Montgomery st. j
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat- !
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Examiner big. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
■% OAKLAND. REAL ESTATE.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco: 3 mlnut*3
from station; • in attractive . neighborhood;
new residence. 7 rooms; strictly modern: thor-
oughly constructed and finely finished: lot 42x ;
' 125; small ; payment and monthly installments i
can be arranged. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1
1650 Broadway. . . . ;
; FOR sale or exchange for city property— s2soo; f
; a fine 3-story hou«=e on Eighth St.. West Oak- i
land, containing 7 rooms 'and bath and store '
and i rooms and bath; cottage of 4 m.-.ma in
rear; lot 26x15C. Apply to C. B. WINES. Real
Estate Agent. 1756 Seventh St., West Oakland, •
Postofflce building. _ - "' | ;
i $$50 AND upwards: a poor man's chance to se- j
cure a home; located bet. Grove st. and San
Pablo aye.; within 10 to 15 minutes' walk to
local trains: convenient to school house and
pOStofSce; healthiest location In Oakland: 1
terms to suit. Address at once R. J. MONT- t
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St.. Oakland. --.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL- '
HAAS" old store. 49S Eleventh st. See him.
' mmm "" "™ —^^—— —^*^— — — *^*^"^— *— *^* >^*^*^^^*^^^*^*^^^^*^
* FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
NEW 4-room cottasre homo: big. lot; cheap:
easy terms: D. Pratt.- Frultvale Station. THE ;
MCCARTHY CO.. 64S Market St.. S. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DON'T draw mar money out of banks and .
deposit it In tin ens in your yard: own a
piece of the earth. We can sell you a slice.
• 40x135. on 80-foot street, and work all done,
for KSO; only $20 down and 410 a month. (O. ■
. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st : ;
__ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for subsistence stores— Office Pur-
- chasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal..
February 13, I*99— Scaled proposals for fur- ;
nishing and delivering of such quantities of J
subsistence store*, as per circular to be seen !
at this office, will be received here until 11 '
o'clock a. m.. en MONDAY. February 27. ISS9,
and opened Immediately thereafter in pres- '
ence of bidders. Specifications, general !n- '
- Etructlonn to bidders and blank form of pro- i
posals will be furnished to e»tabll»hed dealers- 1
i on application to W. 11. BALDWIN, Colonel. .
Purchasing Commissary. U. S. V. . ■
: BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
• Birth, marriage and death notices sent by 1
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
.In at either of the miblicatioji offices ana be
■ Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.-.
BORN.
HYMAN— In this city. February 23. 15?9..t0 the .
wife of J. Hyman. of Lakeport. a daughter.
~~"~ DIED.
Ah Young. ."', '•*-^:i Lindsay,- John
Bettencourt, Marga- McDonald. , ohn E.
ret F. . . - MeCullourts, Caroline i
Bates. George A. O'D-.nnel!. Katie J. I
Currie. Peter E. O'Donnell. Jennie -.'
Couralet. Miss J. ." Peubertfty. Richard
Ccchrus; Otto ..-■• Ready. Johanna
Donaldson, Robert - - Rogers, David J.
- Diets. Katnerine nmniann Henry
Emery, Weston F. Simpsson, Harriet
•? Eddings. WUllaia C : Winters. Minnie L.
HeisSg. Charles " Whitney. William M.
Howard. Eliaabeth • • V.":n«! Mrs. Cath-
Lohfink. Frank A. erine
■,
AH YOUNG— In the city and County Hospital.
February a ISO?. Ah Young, a native of
China, aged 25 years. ■ • . •
BETTENCOURT— In Oakland, February 24.
1599, Margaret F.. beloved wife of J. C. S.
Bettencourt, daughter of Mrs. Joseph S. Car-
doxo, and sister-in-law of Dr. J. D. S. and
M. S. Bettencourt. a native of New Berlin,
NY., aged is years 5 months and IS days.
CTFriends and ! acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at a o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence, corner of New Broadway and Mosa
avenue, • thence to St. Joseph's Portuguese
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rej^se of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. " Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
BATES— In th-3 city. February 2«. 1539. George
A. ..beloved husband of Mary S. Bates: father
of Georsie E. Bates, brother" of William E.
and Louie Bates, and brother-in-law of Al-
" fred A. and Edward F. Afcayaga an 1 Mrs.
J. M. Ruiz; a native f. of Boston. Mass.. aged
33 years.
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t» attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue."
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■--/■
CURRIE— In this city, February ;3. 1533. Peter
E., beloved husband of Emma C. Currie. late
of Cando. North Dakota, aged 27 years 11
months and 25 lays.
COURALET— In this city, February ■' IS??.
Miss Jeanne- Ccur.i!":. - beloved sister of Jean
and Julian Couralet, and cousin of Jean and
Jean Baprlste Courai-et. Jean and Pierre
Couhape. Mr and Mrs. Robert Geistner ar.d
Miss Marie - uyeux, a native of France,
aged 39 years and 3 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th-: funeral tomorrow
(Tuesday*, at 1:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. 8. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Notre Dame dcs Victoires Church,
where services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interm«nt St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
COCHIUS— In Oakland, February -*• 1539 . Otto
beloved husband ol Pauline Ccchiu?. arid
father of Ludwtg Cochius and :'rs. William
Wehr. a native of Germany, aged 35 years
and 10 months. A member of Eureka Lodge
No. 6. O. d H. S.
CTFri^nds. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Crescent street, near Perry. Oakland
Heights. Oakland. Interment Mountain v lew
Cemetery-
DONALDSON— In this city. February -*• IS9' 3 .
Robert Donaldson, beloved brother of James
Donaldson, a native of Ireland, aged 3* years
1 month and 6 days. A member of Osceola
Tribe No. 71. I. OR. M.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DIETZ— In this city, February 25. 1539. Kath-
erina, beloved wife of " Philip Dietz. and
mother of Mrs. A. Danker, a native of Ger-
■ many, aged 58 years and 3 months. ■
{E3 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invfted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors ot
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Crematory.
EMERY— In Alvarado. February 2*5. 1889, Wes-
ton F., beloved husband of mnntha F. En --
cry End father cf Ormon J-. Guy C. Blanche
Richmond, * Lara. .Roy, Inez. Barbara and
Aldyth Emery, a native of Maine, asea o9
y^ars 9 months and 24 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from I. O. <), F.
Hall." Alvarado.
EDDINGS— In Oakland. February 25. 1*99, Wil-
liam C . beloved husband of Annie E. Ed-
dings', a native, of Winchester. 111., aged ,68
years and 2 months. .
HEISIG— this city. February 2-V 1899;
Charles Heisig. beloved father of Gertrude
Heisig. a native of Germany, aged 53 years
and 7 months. A member of Harmony Lodge
No. 9. A. O. U. W. : Harmony Lodge No. 13,
K.- of P.. and Engineers' Association.
(TTFriends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from - Alcazar
building, O'FarreU street. Interment I. O.
0 F Cemetery- Remains at the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1200 Mission street, near
Eighth.
HOWARD— In this city. February 23, 1333,
Elizabeth Howard, aged 48 years.
■ IC7"yriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors . of
the California Undertaking Company corner
of Stockton and Geary streets. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOHFINK— In this city, February 28. 1?99.
Frank A., beloved son of Mr? Anna- Elliott
and Frank J. Lobflnk. a native of Sacra-
mento, Cal., aged 19 years 5 months and 11
days.
LINDSAY— this city, February 2". 1889, John,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Lindsay,
.and father of William, John and- Joseph
Lindsay, Mrs. Joseph- Pendersrast, Rose
Creighton and Mrs. Daniel Scullen. a native
of Ireland, aged 67 years.
C3"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McDONALD— In this city. February 2.". 1889.
John Edward, beloved husband of Caroline
McDonald, father of Daniel. Elizabeth. John.
" Jessie. Archie, Carrie and Charles McDon-
• aid and. Mr.-. George B. Gillin. and grand-
father of Georsre B. Gillin. a native of Cap«
Breton.. Neva Scotia, aged 62 years 7 months
and 10 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 117 Fourteenth street, between Folsom
and Shotwell. thence to St. Charles Church,
corner of Eighteenth and Sbotwell streets.
where a high requiem mass will he celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCCULLOUGH— In C !ma. San Mat».-> County,
* February ZS, 189». Caroline V. 8., relict of the
late Samuel McCnllouch, beloved mother of
Mrs Henry Ward Brown, and aunt of Kate.
Carrie. Pumyea, Everett. Chester and Ber-
tha Williamson, a native of New Jersey,
aged 53 years.
O'DONNELL— A month's mind requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Katie J. O'Donnell (r.ee
Mohrmann) at St. Agnes Church. Masonic
avenue, near Oak street, this day I Mon-
day), commencing at 3:30 o'clock. Friends are
requested to attpnd.
6'DONNELL— In this city, February ». 1898,
Jennie, beloved wife of Thorn." 3 I Tine!!,
mother of Eddie. John. Bessie and Carmelete
O'Donr.ell. daughter of Edward and Am
Doyle, and sister of Peter. .Annie. Joseph
and John Doyle and Mrs. P. F. Conran and
the late Mrs. William Kildav and Edward
Dovie. a native of New .Tor*
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
•(Tuesday).- at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1023 Capp street, thence to St. Peter' 3
Church for services. Interment private, In
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PEUBERTHY-In Alameda. February S IS?9,
Richard, beloved husband of Ella G. Peu-
berthy. and father of Willie. Harold and
Cecil. Peuberthy, a native of Cornwall, Eng-
land, aged 4? years. '. ■
REDDY— In Oakland. February It, 1539. Jo-
hanna, widow of the late Edward E. Rcddy.
a native of Connecticut. aged 4S years.
ROGERS— In this city, February K. IB9s, Da-
vid John, beloved husband of Annie Rogers,
and father of Adda and Olive Rogers, a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, aged 38 years. A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Camp No. 64. W. O. W.
iryFri^nds and acquaintances and neigh-
bors of woodcraft are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of. A. W. Mar-
tin & Co.. 118 Geary street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery- .
GOLDEN GATE CAMP NO. «*. WOODMEN
of the I— Members are hereby notified
'to attend the funeral of our neighbor. D. J.
Rogers, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o clock,
from th.- parlors ot A. W. Martin A Co.. 113
ear \ % WJBINEBT, Consul Commander.
I) 'OLIVER" JR.. Clerk.
SOMMEBB— In this city,' February 24, 1599.
"ltentv beloved husband of Libbie - .Tiers.
and father of Cecelia and Arthur Sommers.
a native of Germany, aged 45 years. .
Friends- and acquaintances are respeet-
fu!4v Invited to attend the funeral this day •
1 Monday) at 8:5 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 3113 Fillmore street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, Mr
Jones street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:38 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crass Cemetery. " . ' . - • J
SIMPSON— In this city. February 2«. 1399, Har-
riel beloved wife of Arthur Simpson. ■ and
mother of Leo Stanislaus Simpson, a native
of England, aged 45 years.-
WINTERS— In this city, February 24, l?:-3. Min-
nie L.; daughter of Anna and the late Jchn
W Winters, and lister of Nellie and Laura
Winters Mrs. C. W. King and' the late Mrs.
Mary Denny, a native of San Francisco.
(T^F-ientls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her late res-
dence. 721 -Harrison street, thence to St.
Ros-'s Church." where a solemn requiem mass
willbe celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . •
WHITNEY— In .this city. February SB, 1539.
William M. McKay, sen of WlTllam and Al-
mira MrK. Whitney, and brother of Irrtr.s
and Dudley I. Whitney, a native of San Fran-
cl^co. aged 19 year* 7 months and 13 days.
.■ CTTrlends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully mvire«l to attend the funeral services
to-morrow* (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at his
late residence, S5O Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment private. I.' -»»»
WIXSLOW— In Oakland. February 2t. »».
Mrs "Catfcerlne " Winalow. mother of H. E.
Winslow and Mrs. H. F. Chambers, a native
of A«^iFta. Me., aged K7 years.
HENRY -J. GALLAGHER CO.,
' ■ Successors to Flanagan & Gailasher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALiIERi
- 20 Fifth St.. oppcsiW Lincoln School. -
Telephone South 80. ■ "
McAVOY A. CO., I
FUNEUAL DIKfcX TORS & EAIBHLJIEBJi I
- 123S Market St.. between Sth aad »U. I
, -, ; Telephone. gc-jth 24;. |
... ■ .• .- ■••-■
910
ANYTHING IS EASY FOR
THE CZAR OF INGLESIDE
A SEQUEt TO
THE STAKE
RACE.
CORRIGAN'S POWER
How Spencer Hap
pened to Ride,
Judge Edwin F. Smith
Was Found in Good
Humor.
How Ed Corrigan's gelding Adolph
Spreckels captured the Gunst stake at
Oakland on Saturday last is past his
tory now. But how it came about that
the "iron chancellor" of Ingleside se
cured the services of Henry Spencer
to pilot the horse may be a matter of
news to many.
It will bp remembered that on Feb
ruary ir>. during the progress of the
last [ngleside meeting:. Spencer was
Buspended for ten days by the iudees
for a breach of turf etiquette — his
mount bumping another horse in a
race. His term of suspension would
thus have held good until Sunday,
February 26. At the time of the rul
ing the crack rider had accepted
mounts for several days ahead. The
judges allowed him one day's grace.
The well-known Sacramento trainer
and owner, Ab Stemler, had figured on
having Spencer toss the leg over Lode
star a day later, but was told by the
officials in the stand that he would
have to secure another rider. This he
was unable to do and scratched the
horse, thereby, no doubt, entailing the
loss of a purse. All efforts to have the
ruling set aside proved unavailing.
On Saturday last, Oorrigan surveyed
the list of eligible riding talent and his
face wrinkled. Turner, Thorpe, Bull
man and Martin had mounts in the
race. Piggott was too heavy. Then
the thought struck him, why not reach
the par of Kdwin F. Smith at Sacra
mento, and put Spencer on the back of
Adolph Spreckels. Nothing was easier.
The wires were touched, and the pre
siding judge of Ingleside wired the ore
SUPERVISORS
READY TO FIX
WATER RATES
Old Schedule Will
Probably Stand.
LACKMANN MAKES A PROTEST
BYINGTON ALSO STANDS FOR A
DECIDED REDUCTION.
Water Committee Allows Itself Only-
One Hour in Which to Pre
pare a Report to the
Board.
The Water Committee of the Board of
Supervisors will meet at 9:30 o'clock this
morning to propare a schedule of rates
for the present year. An hour later the
board will meet in committee of the whole
to receive the report of the Water Com
mittee. The investigation into the values
of the Spring Valley plant in actual use
closed last Wednesday evening. The
board having gone over the same ground
covered a year ago and obtaining nothing
new, the report of the previous investiga
tion was reintroduced into the record.
This was done to save expense of print-
Ing a new report. The figures presented
to the Supervisors by the water company
.are practically the same as those of last
year.
On Friday Chairman Phelps sent a no
tice to Messrs. Lackmann, Black, Aigel
tinger. Kalben and Attridge. the Water
Committee, that a meeting would be held
Saturday at 2 p. m. to consider the report.
Mr. Lackmann went to the City Hall and
waited half an hour for his confreres, but
none appeared. Mr. Phelps telephoned
Mr. Lackmann that there would be no
meeting of the committee until 9:30 o'clock
this morning, but gave no reason for the
change. As this arrangement gives the
committee but one hour to prepare a re
port on the vexing water question, it is
presumed that the committee intends to
readopt the schedule of a year ago, which
1b based on the statements furnished by
the water company. The board was re
quested by the representatives of the
company to adopt this plan.
If the majority of the committee de
cides to follow this course Supervisor
Lackmann will present a minority report,
which will recommend a radical reduction
in water rates. Supervisor Byington has
been collaborating with Mr. Lackmann
on this report. These gentlemen are, not
satisfied with the statement furnished by
the Spring Valley Company. The Bylng
ton-Lackmann schedule will, if adopted,
reduce the fixed rates 10 per cent and the
meter rates 15 per cent.
The minority report will knock $92,000
from the operating expenses of the com
pany. $16,000 from the item of dividends*
$26,000 from the floating debt (which these
two Supervisors say should not exist) and
$5000 from taxes. The capital stock is also
reduced, the Supervisors claiming the
company has watced stock 'for the pur
pose of mulcting the rate-payers.
REPENTANCE HIS THEME.
Father Cottle Addresses the Members
of the Calvarian Society.
The Lenten devotions of the Calvarian
Society, which were inaugurated the first
Sunday of Lent, were repeated yesterday
with impressive solemnity. The address
was delivered by Father Cottle, the pastor
of St Brigid's Church, his subject being
"And Christ looked on Peter,' and Peter
remembered the word his Master spoke.
. . . And he went out with Him."
"•ChAsa words." said the preacher,"
Three Prominent Figures
in the Latest Turf
Expose.
siding judge at Oakland, giving Spen
cer permission to accept the mount.
Spencer rode Adolph Spreckels, and
mainly through his superb saddle work
the stake was placed to the credit of
the ex-ruler of Hawthorne.
At a gathering of horsemen down
town Saturday evening, the action of
Judge Smith was loudly denounced.
As a rule Ab- Stemler takes matters
philosophically, but his wrath and in
dignation knew no bounds. He said
if a California horse owner had no
rights, then it was about time to quit
the business. The incensed owner ar
bring us back to a dramatic scene when
Christ the Redeemer was upon earth. It
was at a time when He had passed
through the agony in the Garden of Geth
semane. He had been mocked and spat
on. He had undergone the suffering but
partial as yet tv that which was to come
after.
"If there Is a moment when we need a
friend," he continued, "it is in the dark
hour of trouble. We can't remember for a
moment whether the repentance of 'Peter
was genuine. He had been schooled for
three years by his Divine Master, yet iie
turned upon him and denied him. By the
words of repentance which he uttered in
the presence and to our Lord we are to
believe that it came from the heart. Hjw
are we to know as Catholics if we have
the same spirit as Peter. He might oave
tittered the words with sincerity. Repent
ance, however, does not depend upon
words, but the signs that are given. If a
Catholic man or woman is repentant, the
sign of that repentance is manifest."
Two Bold Holdup Men Chloroform a Saloon Keeper.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1899.
gued—and rightfully, too— that all
horsemen in good standing should be
treated' alike.
This last kick is but the beginning
of a storm that threatens some day to
burst with all its fury over Jnsleside
track. The meetings of the board of
stewards held at the local .track are
said to be farces. At a recent meet
ing, as a steeplechase rider expressed
it, the board was composed of Ed Cor
rigan, Edward Corrlgan and E. Corri
gan.
SALOONKEEPER
CHLOROFORMED
AND ROBBED
Weird Experience of
John Strothoff.
UNCONSCIOUS FOR HOURS
LOST NEARLY $100 AND A DIA
MOND PIN.
He Was oust Closing When Two Men
Entered the Saloon, Drank Some
Beer and Awaited Their
Chance.
John Strothoff, a saloon-keeper at 45
j Third street, had a weird experience with
[ two robbers at an early hour yesterday
' morning, and he is still suffering from
j the effects of the drug administered to
I him.
Between 12 and 1 o'clock, just as he was
I thinking about closing up, two men en
tered the saloon and ordered two glasses
I of beer. He served them, and after they
drank the beer they continued to talk to
j each other. He reminded them that he
[ was going to close, and they ordered a
fresh supply. While they were drinking
the beer Strothoff counted the money he
j had taken in during the day and placed It
in the safe, intending to lock the safe
after the men had gone.
They showed no intention of leavinc,
and Strothoff, taking a combination gas
lighter and extinguisher and walking
from behind the bar, remarked: "I am
going to put out the lights and you had
better go." He has a faint recollection of
being suddenly pinioned and a handker
chief being pressed against his nostrils,
but that is all.
YVhen he returned to consciousness he
was seated in a chair in the bar room.
All the lights were out and daylight was
Just breaking. He experienced a feeling
of nausea and it was some time before
he could gather his wits. Then he
recollected about the two men and
immediately suspected that he had
been robbed. He hurried to the safe and
found that the money had disappeared
and also a diamond pin that was in the
safe. Altogether $96 70 in money had been
stolen, consisting of two $20 gold pieces,
a $20 greenback, six $5 gold pieces and the
balance in silver.
Yesterday morning Strothoff was too
sick to call at police headquarters to re
port the robbery, but sent a friend. He
was able to give an accurate description
of the two men, and detectives who havei
been put on the case expect to have them.
under arrest soon. The daring character
of the robbery, considering the neighbor
hood and the mode adopted, make the
police think that the robbers are old
hands at the business; and it is thought
that while they were using the chloroform
on the saloon-keeper and going through
the safe, a confederate was keeping a
sharp lookout. .
John Strothoff, the victim of the rob
bery, is an. elderly man, and the experi
ence he went through has left its traces
on his countenance. He gives a graphic
account of the robbery and description of
the three men who perpetrated it.
"A little after midnight Saturday." he
said, "two men pme into my establish
ment and ordered a round of drinks. I
was alone at the time and intended clos
ing up to catch the late car for my home
out near the German Hospital. They had
evidently planned their actions, for they
drank slowly, and when finished ordered
another "round," and finisned by buying
some cigars-. I told them I was going to
close up, but they paid no attention to me.
and as I came from behind the bar to
turn off the electric light in front of my
place they remained standing at the bar.
"I stepped, to my door and tried to turn
the lever that extinguished the light, but
was unsuccessful. A negro named Fipps
was standing In front and he volunteered
to help' me', and as I handed him the stick
the men behind me placed a rag saturated
with chloroform or some other anaes
thetic under my nose and I became dizzy.
Following out their plan they led me to
a chair and as I dropped into it. in a semi
conscious condition, I heard the voice of
the. negro, whom I am sure was an ac
complice, and also that of the men, in
conversation. One of the men said he
knew ray barkeeper and said he lived on
Clara street, and he would go and fetch
him. He asked the negro to go along,
and' I heard them both go out. When I
was : left alone with one of the robbers
the fumes got in their work, and I remem
ber nothing more until I awoke thirty
minutes, later. I was then alone and I
immediately surmised that I had ■ been
robbed. I went behind the bar and found
my. safe open and the contents of a tin
hoi— s9o and a valuable diamond stud
missing. Further search showed that $5
that- was on a tray, which was left for the
day barkeeper to make change with, was
gone, as was also $1 75 that was in the
cash register.
"While I was behind the bar Fipps
came in and said: 'I see you are all right.
I couldn't find your barkeeper.' I paid no
attention to him and he left. Shortly aft
erward some policemen looked in and I
told them what had happened. I de
scribed the men to th^in. Both men were
5 feet 9 inches in height and weighed in
the neighborhood of 150 pounds. One had
sandy hair, closely clipped and a slight
mustache, and wore a light suit of clothes
and slouch hat. The other had a heavy
black mustache and was dark complected.
I described them to Detective ODea and
also told him of Fipps. who I understand
has a bad record. The men were in my
place on Friday night and had some
drinks, and when they returned last night
I remembered them.
"As they did not leave me a cent I had
to stay in my saloon all night, not having
enough to hire a carriage with to go
home. In my twenty years of business I
never suffered from a like experience.
Detectives Ryan and ODea have been
detailed on the robbery, but up to a late
hour last night had not apprehended the
alleged negro accomplice or the daring
men whose crime, for boldness and exe
cution, equals any the Police Department
has dealt with in years.
COMPANY H VICTORIOUS.
The Amateur California Champion
ship Won by the Invincible
• ■'-■ Cadets.
At the Cycqdrome, Vallejo, yesterday,
Company 11. league of the Cross Cadets,
defeated the Snowballs and gained the
amateur football championship of Cali
fornia. ■ Company H won by a score of
11 to 0, through good team work and
excellent interference. One touchdown
was made in the first half by Erlenheim
on 1 a five-yard buck through tackle. In
the second half another touchdown was
made by Atkinson by a three-yard buck
through center, and goal was kicked by
D. Ahem. The following was the lineup:
Co 11.. L. C. Position. Snowballs.
T. .Ahem ..R. B. L Brough
Whajen ...R. 1. L Canty
W1er5. ..;... R- G. L. ...T. Grennan
N0e1 . ." C : C. Grennan.
Edmlnster........ X>. G. R..... ....Leary
Leavey..:. L. T. R Furlong
I) Ahem L. E. R Brennan
Marisch. Q , Leu
Erlenhelm L. H. R.:... Murphy
Ewlng-;... . R. H. L ....McD.onough
Atkinson X Soanes
Sport in the Handball Court.
Yesterday's sport in Phil Ryan's hand
ball court, at SSB Howard street, was
above the average in play and attend
ance. There were nine regular games
by the talent who patronize the court
every Sunday. The following are the
scores as made in the play yesterday:
H Clements and T. Clements defeated -W.
Hassell and M. Basch. Score, 21-14. 16-21, 21-13.
X McDonough ami E. Lynch defeated D. J.
Sheehan and W. H. Kedian. Score, 21-19, 12-21,
21-15. ■■■■.:-■". - . ■ .
W. H. Kedian and E. McDonough defeated
N J. Prendergast and D. J. Sheehan. Score,
21-20, 17-21. 21-IS.
G Smith and T. Leach defeated A. Mo-
Vicker and W. Collins. Score. 21-11, 13-21. 21-19.
P. Herrin and M. J. Stokes defeated P. Fo
ley and J. Casey. Score, 21-18. 12-21. 21-20.
E Curie and R. Housman defeated M. Mc
laughlin and M. Maguire. Score, 21-11, 15-21,
*'l - 1"
]■;' ' Harry and J. Kirby defeated D. Regan
and' M. Kirby. Score, ' 21-10. 12-21. 21-19.
R. Ltnehan and M. J. Kilgallon defeated A.
Hampton and J. White. Score, 21-20. 18-21. 21-16.
J Harlow and M. Dillon defeated G. Hutch
inson and P. Kelly. Score 21-11. 9-21, 21-13.
French game — Domingo Etienne and John
Ethabarer defeated Miguel Belsarnaaud Marcl
lano. . Score. 50 to 30. fi-'JW:
AT RECREATION PARK.
A baseball game played yesterday at
Recreation Grounds, between the Golden
Gates and Olympic Cyclers, was won by
the former team by a score of 9 to 3.
McLean, who pitched for the Olympic
Cyclers, was twirled up for many hits,
and Butler was substituted and managed
to hold the hard hitting Golden Gates
down. Russel, the Golden Gates' twirler,
was in good form, and the Cyclers could
not land on his curves, and he managed
to fan four of their- best batters. Errora
were, few on each side.
POPULIST ROW
HERALDS THE
LOCAL STRIFE
Party Machine a Bone
of Contention.
OUTS ANXIOUS TO BE INS
G. D. GILLESPIE TALKS OF JEAL
OUSY AND REVENGE.
Chairman of the County Committee
Says the Charges Becklessly
Made by the Outs Are
Without Foundation.
The factional row In the local Populist
camp appears to be an early reminder of
the coming summer and fall campaign
somewhat as the wilow catkins are ad
vance heralds of summer. The perennial
Democratic fight will bloom soon and the
first thing the city knows the summer of
political joy will be here.
The local Populist party is small, but
fierce. It has a duality composed of the
ins and outs and the outs are obeying the
mysterious law ; of their being by trying
to be the ins at election time. So it is
quite natural that epithets, charges In
war paint, threats and tales should multi
ply. Control of the party machinery is
at issue. The fight is also between the
fusion and the middle-of-the-road wings.
The charges of misuse of campaign
funds and similar weaknesses recently
made by certain of the outs against the
last campaign committee and dismissed by
the executive committee a few nights ago,
have not been dropped, as appeared by
the report in yesterday's Call of an In
tention to institute a suit, which, it is
said, will result in some interesting dis
closures regarding campaign funds and
campaign methods last fall.
Last year the party was controlled by
the element called the "fusionists," led
mainly by George D. Gillesple and A. B.
Kinne. These gentlemen, with B. J. Pie,
Henry Huppert and M. Meakin, composed
the campaign and purity of elections
committees, and against them, and espe
cially against Gillespie and Kinne, the
wrath of the outs is directed. The most
active among the latter, according to tho
accused committeemen, are Dr. W. N.
Griswold, George H. Clough and Garrett
W. Smith.
"There are others in the background
behind these men," said George D. Gilles
ple. who is chairman of the new execu
tive committee, of which A. B. Kinne is
secretary. "It Is all an effort to get hold
of the organization. A new primary law
will be in effect this year, and these peo
ple hope to be able to throw mud enough
and make enough people suspicious of us
without risking any direct charges to de
feat us as convention delegates at the
primary.
"We court the fullest investigation of
the work of the committee and have tried
to get Dr. Griswold to make some specific
charges and in writing, but all he will do
is to shout 'boodlers' at the committee.
He began it in the county committee at
its meeting two or three weeks ago. I
insisted on an investigation, and it was
referred to the executive committee. For
this purpose the executive committee
met in committee of the whole with Dr.
J. A. Miller chairman. A committee of
five to investigate the accounts of the
campaign was appointed, and we let Dr.
Griswold name three members. The
committee was instructed to report last
Tuesday. At the meeting of the sub
committee Garrett W. Smith read a list
of charges which he wanted the sub
committee to investigate. Dr. Miller ob
jected that they were outside of the scope
of the committee's work, which was to in
vestigate the accounts, but asked Dr.
Griswold to move that they be referred
to the Grand Jury, which" he declined to
do and tore his signature from the
charges. Griswold wanted to make the
committee a court of inquiry, we to ap
pear with attorneys, a stenographer and
notary- public and answer questions. They
would be judge, jury and prosecutor and
we could ask no questions of them. We
couldn't see it that way.
"The accounts and bills of thejjommittee
were fully examined by the minority of
the committee and reported correct and
fair to the executive committee. Gris
wold for the majority reported progress
and wanted time and he said he could
prove that funds were improperly handled.
I insisted that he state facts and he re
fused, whereupon the minority report was
approved, clearing the committee of all
charges and that was supposed to end the
matter. Now they are talking in the air
again and threatening a suit. That is all
bumeombe and we only laugh at them,
while demanding specific charges.
"They have said that Mr. Pie of the
campaign committee went to Mr. Patton
and offered him the party indorsement
for $500. That is on a par with the rest
of their charges. Mr. Pie never spoke to
Mr. Patton in his life. Clough was secre
tary of the county committee and he got
mad because we didn't make him secre
tary of the campaign committee. These
fellows don't know what to do and they
are jyst throwing mud on general prin
ciples." *
SUDDEN PASSING JF
JOHN E. MACDONALD
He Died at His Home Satur
day After a Brief
Illness.
John E. Macdonald, a pioneer of the
State, died cf pneumonia at his home, 117
Fourteenth street. Saturday evening after
an Illness of but three days.
The deceased was born at Capo Breton,
Nova Scotia, in 1836. In the early sixties
he came to California, where he lived up
to the time of his death. For the last
thirteen years he was foreman of the men
employed as mechanics at the Grand Ho
tel, and during: all that time never lost a
day. He attended to his duties until
Wednesday night, when he was compelled
to take to nis bed. While he had been
! complaining of a cold for some time, his
condition was not considered serious, and
, his death coming so unexpectedly is a
severe blow to his family and numerous
friends.
Mr. Macdonald leaves a widow, four
daughters and four sons- to mourn his
death. The funeral will be held from his
late residence to-morrow.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommend' by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
At Sutro Baths.
T. Guerin won the fifty-yard swimming 1
dash. Adler second, at Sutro Baths yes
terday. R. Tohl won the 100-yard dash
(juvenile), \V. Freechgle second. T.
Guerin won the 300-yard tub race, G. Ad
ler second. Joseph A. Jackson won the
underwater swimming match, C. Stroh
lin second. E. MclOnzie won the prize
for trick spring-board diving. T. Guerin,
second, and O. Schulto took the prize
for trapeze and high diving, H. J. Baker
second.
Tried to Stab an Officer.
James O'Connell, a laborer, was creat
ing a disturbance on New Montgomery
street last night, when Officer Boach hap
pened along and placed him under arrest.
On the way to the patrol box O'Connell
drew a long knife and made a slash at
the officer's throat. Beach grabbed his
arm. and after a short struggle, succeed
ed in disarming him. He was then taken
to the City Prison and booked on a charge
of an assault with a deadly weapon.
Ellis Opera Season Sale.
The season sale for. the twelve perform
ances of the Ellis Opera Company at
the Grand Opera House will begin^at
Sherman & Clay's this morning at. 9
o'clock. The boxes have all been spoken
for and the demand promises to be very
larga. gjj . -- - •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GENUINE
TAILOR
SUITINGS.
NEW CORD WEAVES.
$2.00 Yard.
35 pieces Imported FRENCH
POPLINS, 46 incbes wide,
mixed effects and newest
colorings.
$2,90 Yard.
25 pieces Imported BED-
FORD CORD SUITINGS,
stylish weaves and new
colorings, all n)ixed effects
and full 46 inches in width.
$1.75 Yard.
30 pieces 46-inch TWO-TONE
BEDFORD CORDSUITINGS.
combiQations of colorings
in tbe light and dark;
shades of same color, a
novelty for tailor suits.
52.00 Yard.
2 cases 58-inch fILL-WOOL
IMPORTED ENGLISH
SERGES, in different
shades of navy, manufac-
tured expressly for ladies'
wear, genuine Indigo dye.
SPECIAL!
150 NOVELTY BLACK DRESS PATTERNS, O* /T QQ
new weaves, in a large variety of kpU_!
styles each-
ill. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
DROWNED IN
THE BREAKERS
WHILE FISHING
C. McCarthy Swept
Out to Sea.
FELL FROM OLYMPIC PIER
A CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS IN
THE PARK.
Policeman de la Guerre Sustains a
Fractured Ankle While in Pur
suit of a Speedy
Wheelman.
The ocean beach and park were the
scenes of a chapter of accidents yester
day. One proved fatal, the drowning of
Charles McCarthy at the end of the Iron
pier which supports the ocean main of the
Olympic Salt Water Company. This ia at
the foot of the hill leading to the Cliff
House.
McCarthy, accompanied by two friends,
William Clayton and Creany King, left
home yesterday morning on a fishing ex
cursion. They were casting their lines for
some time from the extremity of the iron
trestle when a heavy breaker rolled over
the top of the pier, entangling the lines
and drenching McCarthy. While attempt
ing to disentangle the tackle another
breaker caught him and he was washed
into the octan. The ebbtide was running
strong and swept McCarthy toward the
sea The swift undertow then caught him
and he was carried beneath the surface
before assistance could reach him.
The sea did not give up its dead yester
day. For hours McCarthy's companions
held vigil, but nothing was seen of their
friend. Decedent is a widower and leaves
one child. He was 28 years of age and his
occupation that of a shoefltter. He lived
with his mother at 533 Jessie street.
The Park Emergency Hospital staff had
little of the Sabbath rest. The accidents
to pedestrians, cyclers and drivers de
manded the attention of Dr. Sweaney and
his assistants, who patched torn skins
and set fractured limbs from early morn
till eve. The first patient was F. B.
Guernsey, whose frontal bone was
smashed by a baseball. B. Hassegios
was riding a bicycle whose gear proved
too lofty and seven stitches on his right
cheek will serve as a warning to speedy
"The most serious accident befell Park
Policeman de la Guerre, who started in
pursuit of a cyclist on bitumined Fell
street. The cyclist proved a scorcher and
de la Guerre tried to bring him to a stand
still. The bitumen was slippery and the
policeman's horse fell, throwing him with
such force that he could not extricate his
right foot from the stirrup so as to tall
clear. The ankle was fractured. 1. , N.
Lachman was another of the victims
brought in, but his injuries were slight.
Olympic Track Events.
The first two events for the track and
field championship of the Olympic Club
were run off yesterday at the club's out
door grounds near the Park. In the 100
--yard sprint Burgess, scratch, outdis
tanced his competitors and won handily.
He aJso won the 880-yard race, this time
with a 25-yard handicap. Next Sunday
the 440-yard run and the broad jump will
complete the programme and the prizes
will be awarded.
GOLDBERG
BD WEN ■
SCO.
Because we cut some prices each
- week doesn't mean we sell cheap
goods —we just mark down the
prices on a few regular goods.
We get new customers by the
low prices and hold old ones by the
quality
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea 50c grades lb
Ten varieties-all our direct importation
Claret— 5©C gallon }£C
We've gotten it from the same vine
yard for twenty years
Whiskey— Scotch and Irish DC L
' Highland Club, reg'ly $1 bottle 85c
" Kiily Croy " 1 " 85c
Caledonian " 1 35 " $1 10
Hot Scotch for colds, good fellowship
and fun
Bacon— i6^c
regularly 18c lb
Prepared under the most favorable
circumstances. For fastidious folks
Macaroni— reg'ly 15c ib i2^c
La Favorita — imported
Made- from hard, flinty wheat
— vermicelli -spaghetti-past*
Peas— Corn— Succotash— Sea Foam
regularly 15c tin I2j4c
Young, tender vegetables — quality
goods
Oysters— regularly I2*c tin lOC
Selected oysters in little tins
For luncheons .
Baby pim-olas 3 bottles 50c
Olives stuffed with pimentoes
For luncheons and good digestion
Shrimps tin 10c
For salads
Door mats— medium heavy
reg'ly No 2 75c No 3 90c No 4 $1 10
'marked down to 60c 75c 90c
Hope it will rain long and hr.rd so
you'll need door — also for other
reasons
Toilet Fraud's $oc
 regularly 60c box of 3 cakes
Persian Bouquet
Big illustrated catalogue for a postal
432 Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San Francises
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
poo 00 00000000 0~0~ 0~0 c
% TM * PALACE ■«*;
IG RAND "9iet»i
q BAH fRANCIBCO. !
" ' Connected by a covwrad passageway.
P 1400 Rooms— 9OO With Bath Attached. '
0 All Under [ On» Mnjoaeemant. . C
P : . ROT* THE PRI0B8: <j
-. European Plan. B l.oo per day and upward 2
M Americas Fian.s3.OA per day and upward «l
0 • Correspondence Solicited. C
0 JOJIH 0. KISKPATBICK, Kut|it. 2
clqjOlq ooooGoaooooooa
X. HESS,
VOTARY PCBLfO AND ATTORNET-1T LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bids.
■ : Telephone Brown 931.
:.' Residence, 821 California Bt., below Powell.
San Francisco. <