VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 134.
WAR WITH GERMANY MAY GROW
FROM THE SAMPAN TROUBLE
There Would Have Been No Bloodshed if Consul Rose
Had Not Ur^ed the Mataafans to Defy the
Americans and British.
A view of the western side of Apia Harbor from the German Consulate on the left to Mulinuu Cemetery on the
extreme right, with the village of Vailoa, near which the battle took place, across the water, in the distance.
Near the water's edge on the left is the tall chimney of the German Trading Company's plant in the suburb of
Savala, whence a road leads around the shallow inner bay through the company's plantations to Vailoa. On the
mountain beyond the chimney is the French Mission.
Half way between the German Consulate and Mulinuu Point is the King's house. The American arid British
Consulates are in Matuatu suburb, about half a mile to the east, not shown in the picture.
VERY WEARY OF
GERMAN TACTICS.
SAYS MR. HULL
WASHINGTON, April
12.— The Call's exclu
sive cablegram from
Auckland concerning the latest
fight in Samoa was the only in
formation at hand at the War
Department early this morning,
and was. eagerly discussed. It
was confirmed some hours later
by a cablegram from Admiral
Kautz.
The possibility of very grave
consequences resulting from the
collision at Apia lies in the com
plicated circumstances surround
ing the case. If the ambuscade
in which the American and Brit
ish officers and sailors were killed
was actually led or instigated by
a German, as indicated in the
news dispatches, it would still be
a simple matter for Germany to
disavow the act and punish the
offender. The trouble is, how
ever, that this ambuscade does
not stand by itself. The instiga
tion in hostilities in Samoa is
charged to the German Consul,
and this latest bloodshed in
which the responsibility of a Ger
man is indicated is but a develop
ment in hostilities growing out
of the dispute in which German
The San Francisco Call.
THE SCENE OF ACTION AT SAMOA.
officials assume N an attitude ad
verse to the British and Ameri
cans.
The situation .is still further
complicated by the statements
quoted in the Associated Press
dispatches from Berlin as official
from a representative of the
German Foreign Office. The
tone of these utterances is so de
fiant and so far in conflict with
the attitude assumed by the Ger
man Embassador at Washington
that even before news of the col
lision at Apia was received the
situation was looked upon as par
taking of a more serious aspect
than had been before anticipated.
The course of the German Em
bassy at Washington in com
munication with the State De
partment since the first outbreak
of the trouble in Samoa has ap
peared conciliatory, and the
agreement on the commission
was looked upon as assuring a
peaceful settlement. This Gov
ernment has had reason to be
lieve that Germany had no pur
pose to sustain the German Con
sul, and that his proclamation
exciting the natives to resistance
would be repudiated. Therefore
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
THE CALL BEATS THE WORLD.
On the morning of January 18 The Call, by special cablegram from
Auckland, first gave to the world the story of the beginning of the
present trouble in Samoa.
Mataafa. taking up arms in rebellion against a decision of Chief
Justice Chambers declaring Malietoa Tanu King, had overturned the
Berlin treaty, defied the powers and set up a government of his own.
Yesterday morning The Call once more beat the newspaper
world in printing the news that American and English blood had been
shed in Samoa, that the savages under Mataafa had ambushed a
party of bluejackets near Apia.
A news service such as this, reaching more than half around the
world, needs little comment. The Call never has spared and never
will spare expense to £ive its readers not only all the news all the
time, but the best of the news ahead of its contemporaries. Steal
ing and garbling The Call's specials will not aid the beaten ones.
Extras issued in spasmodic jerks after the event do not cover a news
beating. The Call's copyrighted cablegram from Samoa was in every
copy of The Call printed yesterday. To-day The Gall has carried it to
the remotest corners of the State. »
The achievement is the most splendid ever placed to the credit of
a newspaper in San Francisco. In passing it may be observed that
The Call will continue to cover the Samoan field and all news fields
as no other newspaper in San Francisco can.
the apparently sudden veering
about of the Berlin Foreign Of
fice causes great surprise. The
statement attributed to an offi
cial of the Berlin Foreign Of
fice, published this: morning,
that Great Britain and the
United States must make an un
mistakable disavowal of the ac
tion of their naval commanders,
together with the alleged official
statement by the Berlin Foreign
Office the day before sustaining
Consul Rose and charging vio
lation of the treaty by American
and British officers, places the
matter in an entirely different as
pect from that anticipated by
reason of the attitude of the Ger
man Embassy here, and a suspi
cion of' double "dealing " has been
aroused in some quarters.
'* The State f Department can
Conllnutd on Third Pug:
THE GERMAN CONSUL
URGED MATAAFA TO
KEEP ON FIGHTING
AUCKLAND, N. Z., April
— 9 a. m. : — Further ad
vices from Apia, Samoa,
say that on the arrival of the
British cruiser Tauranga at
Apia the British and American
Consuls issued a proclamation to
give Mataafa a last chance, and
that the French priests also used
their influence, but all efforts
failed, and the rebels continued
their depredations. Property
was destroyed . and bridges and
roads were barricaded.
On March 29 the enemy was
sighted at Maguigi and machine
guns and a seven-pounder were
used. The- friendlies, Malietoa's
men, also attacked the enemy
during the latter's retreat and
several rebels were killed or
wounded.
' The friendlies carried one
head through Apia, which made
Captain Stuart so furious that he
went to the King and threatened
to shoot any man found taking
heads. The King then issued a
proclamation, forbidding the
practice.
The German Consul wrote to
1 •
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
■
Admiral Kautz, asking if two
great Christian nations approved
of this inhuman , and barbarous
practice against .the laws of
Christianity and the decree of
the Supreme Court.
The admiral replied, agreeing
with the Consul as to the inhu
manity of the practice, and
pointed out that had "the Ger
man Consul upheld the decree o!
the Supreme Court in January
there would have been no blood
shed; that the custom was an old
Samoan one, but first made
known to the world ten years
ago, .when the heads of honest
German sailors were cut off by
the barbarous Chief Mataafa,
whom the representative of the
great Christian nation, Germany,
is now supporting."
Expeditions in armed cutters
belonging to the Tauranga and
Porpoise are doing considerable
execution, against Mataafa's
strongholds along the coast.
The British forces are being as
sisted by ioo Samoans. About
forty-six of Mataafa's boats and
several villages have been de
stroyed. In the meantime flying
columns are being sent daily2
DIPLOMATISTS STILL HOPE FOR PEACE
KING'S MOUSE &T MULINUU.
(
along the roads and through the
bush near Apia.
( hi April i a force of 214 Brit
ish and Americans and 150
friendlies were surprised in am
bush at the German plantation of
Vaslao. The rebel force opened
fire -•ii the rear, left flank and
front of the Anglo-American
force. The friendlies bolted, but
the marines and bluejackets
stood their ground splendidly,
Americans and British tiring
shoulder to shoulder.
-r-i /- 1 • -i
The Colt automatic gun with
the landing party became
jammed and the Americans and
British were practically at. the
mercy of the rebels, but "retreat"
was sounded three times before
the marines and bluejackets re
tired. x 1 tt r
Lieutenant Angel H. Free
man, first lieutenant of the Tau
ranga, who was in command of
the allied force, was shot through
the heart. Lieutenant Philip
Lansdale, I. S. X.. had his leg
shattered while endeavoring to
fix the jammed gun. Seaman
Hunt of the British ship Por
poise remained with Lieutenant
Lansdale until clubbed over the
head and knocked senseless.
The bluejackets arrived as the
natives were cutting off his right
ear and were turning him over
in order to cut off his left.
At this juncture a shell from
the British cruiser Royalist burst
on the battlefield, scaring the
rebels, and Hunt succeeded in
escaping to the beach, although
severely stabbed in one foot.
The same night the Friendlies
found the bodies of all the offi
cers headless. The bodies were
buried with all honors at Muli
nuu on Faster Sunday. Their
heads were subsequently brought
in by some French priests,: and
the graves were reopened and the
heads buried with the bodies.
Lieutenants Freeman and
Lansdale were capable and popu
lar officers. The former was sin
gle and the latter was married in
June. The officers who returned
are Lieutenant George E. Cave
of the Porpoise and Lieutenant
C. M. Perkins of the Philadel
phia. All behaved splendidly.
Lieutenant Cave took command
of the retreat.
" ' Captain Sturdee of the Por
poise was away on the expedition
with his cruiser, and Gaunt's bri
gade was also absent on duty.
The loss of the enemy is not
known, but probably fifty of the
Dels were killed and many were
wounded.
The bodies of three rebels
weie found near where Lieuten
ant Lansdale and Ensign Mon
aghan of the Philadelphia were
killed. The priests buried thirty
eight rebel bodies and much I
blood was seen on the road over
which the Mataafans had been
dragging away their dead and
wounded. There were also pools
of blood behind the cocoanut
trees, the bullets from the Amer
ican and British rifles going right
through thick trees and killing
KAUTZ REPORTS
THE AMBUSCADE
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The following dispatch from Admiral
Kautz has been received: '
•'AUCKLAND, N. '/... April 12.— Secretary of the Navy, Washing
ton: On April 1, while the combined forces of the United States ami
the British under Lieutenant Freeman of the British navy were enter
ing Apia, they were ambushed. Deeply regret to announce the death of
Lieutenant Philip B. Lansdale, Ensign John R. Monaghan, Coxswain
James Butler; Ordinary Seaman Norman Edsal and five nun wounded
belonging to the Philadelphia. The British loss is three men killed, in
cluding Lieutenant Freeman.
men hiding behind them. Some)
of the rebels fired from the tops
of cocoanut palms.
The rebels opened fire near the
town last evening. It is pro
posed to summon another war
ship, to distribute more arms
among the friendlies and to im
port additional friendlies from
Tutlieu. It is also suggested
that troop- might be obtained
from New Zealand or Sydney,
X. S. W.
If a sufficient quantity of arms
could be obtained about 2000
friendlies could be used against
the Mataafans. But they are not
brave and have not shown fight
ing qualities, excepting those
with Gaunt's brigade and that
force may not accomplish much.
Admiral Kautz, Captain E.
White of the Philadelphia and
the American officers generally
have earned golden opinions, as
have Captains Stuart and Stur
dee of the British navy. They are
doing everything possible and
every one recognizes that better
men could not be handling the
situation.
The Samoans say Mataafa on
three occasions had resolved to
surrender, but the German Con
sul, Herr Rose, advised him not
to do so, and he now says he will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
never give in, but will light to
the death. *
JOINT COMMISSION
MAY NOT GO TO APIA
The British Government Declines
io Assent to Certain Feat
ures of Functions.
WASHINGTON, April 12— To-day's
developments concerning Samoan af
fairs have made it somewhat uncertain
whether the Joint International Com
mission win go to Apia. The British
Government has declined to assent to
certain features in connection with
the functions of the commission, and
the hope of the United States and Ger
many that the representatives of the
three powers would leave San Fran
cisco for Samoa a week from to-day is
not likely to be fulfilled. •
TWO BRITISH SHIPS
ORDERED TO SAMOA
SIDNEY, X. S. W., April 12.— The Brit
ish cruiser Wallaroo and the British gun
boat Goldfinch have been ordered to pro
ceed to Samoa.
GAINING IN MEMBERSHIP.
Grand Lodge of Dania in a Prosper
ous Condition.
PETALUMA. April 12.— At the third-day
session of. the Grand Lodge of Dania
the report of the grand president wan
read, It showed that the lodge was 14000
better off financially than at the last ses
sion. There was an Increase of 300 mem
bers.
Thus far the fight for the next Grand
Lodge seems between Fresno and Fern
dale, with Haywards close behind. To
night a banquet was held nt Turner's
Hall. Preparations were made to accom
modate over 200.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Promo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure.
25c. The genuine ha» _. B. Q. on each tablet.
FOREIGN FLEET IN APIA HARBOR.
SITUATION
IN SAMOA
IS ACUTE
Diplomats, However, Believe
That It Can Be Ami-
cably Adjusted.
NAVAL OFFICERS SENT
Washington Authorities Say That
Enough Ships Are at Present
in Samoan Waters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. WASHINGTON, April 12.— The acute
situation in Samoa gave rise to grave
apprehension among officials during the
early day in Washington, but the con
clusion was reached as the departments
closed that the situation is one that
will yield to sensible and cool treat
ment if all the parties .to the Berlin
treaty are sincere in an effort to pre
vent further trouble. As put by a Cab
inet officer, the killing of the sailors
has not materially changed the general
problem, though it has undoubtedly
added to the difficulty of dealing with
the specific situation.
The only officjal news received touch
ing the last incident was contained in
Admiral Kautz's cablegram. The Sec
retary said that no additional instruc
tions were to be sent by him to the
admiral. The Secretary of State, how
ever, has been told that he is at liberty
i to forward any instruction to the ad
miral that he may deem necessary, but
1 that if he concludes to .do so he must
act immediately, as the mail steamer
leaves the nearest cable point for Apia
to-morrow. The Philadelphia was
short-handed for officers before the
loss of Lieutenant Lansdale and En
sign Monaghan, and the department
to-day promptly sent telegraphic orders
to Mare Island to dispatch some officers
to recruit the force. Lieutenant
Schuetze goes out as executive officer,
with Lieutenant W. S. Hughes, Lieu
tenant Schofield and Lieutenant Heth
erington. Surgeon Steele is ordered
from the New York navy yard to the
Philadelphia. All of these officers are
expected to take the mail steamer on
th* 19th inst. for Apia.
The diplomatic negotiations of the
day were not directed particularly to
the encounter, as the official informa
tion is too meager thus far to warrant
positive official action. There were
many inquiries, however, and the State
Department and the British and Ger
man embassies exchanged such advices
a* they. had on the subject. In the
main, the diplomatic negotiations con
tinued to center around the high com- '
mission. On this subject a breach is '
gradually opening between Great Brit
ain and Germany, because of the re- '
fusal of Great Britain to have the com- I
mission leave San Francisco on the !
19th.
While the Germans are anxious and
our officials are willing that the start ;
should be made on the 19th, Great Brit- '
am insists on proceeding with delibera
tion, allowing full time for instructions
to the British Commissioner by mail
and not by cable. This, of course,
would make it impossible for the com- j
mission to leave in a body this month.
To overcome this stand by the British
Foreign Office a suggestion has been !
made that the appointment of an um
pire which is one of the points still in
dispute, be settled after the Commis
sioners start. If this is agreed to, the
commission can be away, though with
some branches of its instructions in
complete. In the meantime they could I
be making their preliminary examina- '
tions, the final directions being reserved !
until complete instructions were in
hand. This German proposal does not
meet with favor among the British
officials, who have determined that the 1
British Commissioner, Mr. Eliot, shall
not leave "until his. functions can be ex- j
actly defined.
The following German official view j
was given to the Associated Press:
"After Germany and the United !
States had arrived at an understanding \
that the commission could have left |
San Francisco on the 19th, England
raises new difficulties of such compli
cated nature that they cannot be dealt ;
with telegraphically.
I "Germany feels justified under these
STREET SCENE IN APIO.
circumstances to hold the name of her
Commissioner still back. The Berlin
news that Germany would demand sat
isfaction Cor the arbitrary action of
Admiral Kautz is not credited in Ger
man official circles and seems to be a,
malicious invention. The whole ques
tion on account of Samoa is pending at
present, not between the three powers,
but between Germany and England."
Lieutenant Freeman, killed in Samoa,
is given in the British naval list as
Angel H. Freeman, the senior lieu
tenant of the cruiser Tauranga, the
next to Captain Stuart in command of
the vessel. '_•','. ':<;.■
The British Admiralty has a number
of warships not far from Samoa in the
Australasian islands, a special design
of small cruisers being used in that lo
cality. The chief naval station accessi
ble to Samoa is on the China coast,
where the Asiatic squadron embraces
some of the largest warships in the
British navy. In number, armament
and tonnage the British ships on this
station far exceed those of Germany
or any other power.
The chief German station near
Samoa is also on the China coast at
Kiaochau, where Admiral Prince Henry
is in command. ; !•:;•_
Admiral Dewey's fleet at Manila is
the nearest assemblage of American
warships to Samoa. The sailing time
from Manila to Samoa is about four
teen days. ■ -'■!*',.'*
The arrest and retention by the
British naval officials of a German sub
ject is one of the most dangerous fea
tures of the controversy. It is said
that the Consuls of the three powers
stationed at Apia claim , extraterri
torial jurisdiction, involving the right
to try the subjects of their respective
countries for any offenses alleged to
have been committed. Under this prac
tice the German Consul Rose may de
mand the surrender of the German.
If the man is guilty it is considered im
probable that the British will yield un
less upon some adequate guarantee
that he is to be sufficiently punished.
It is not believed likely that Rose will
make such, promise.
It is believed that Admiral Kautz,
with the co-operation of the British,
will continue his efforts to bring the
rebellious natives to terms. This is
not likely to be an easy task, in view
of the somewhat small force at his
command, but it is said the British
Government may accept the proposition
of the authorities of New Zealand to
send a regiment of soldiers to Samoa.
No protest thus far has been lodged at
the State Department against Admiral
Kautz. SE-SI
At the British and German embas
sies the news of the bloody conflict in
Samoa was received with deep concern.
Sir Julian Pauncefote expressed his
profound regret at the collision at a
moment when he had hoped the trouble
was in a fair way to adjustment.
Mr. Eliot, the British High Commis
sioner to Samoa, also deplored the
event. The British officials were quite
confident, however, that the chances of
a settlement would not be destroyed by
this affair, although they might be
somewhat embarrassed.
At neither of the embassies had a
word of official information been re
ceived and the press accounts were
therefore scanned with great interest.
The German Embassador, Dr. yon Hc,-I
leben, stated that while he was wholly
without official advices he deeply re
gretted to hear that there had been fur
ther loss of life. . In all. diplomatic
quarters there was a ' disposition to
treat the news as grave, but not as
disrupting the plans for a settlement.
The President received dispatches
from Auckland soon after he entered
his office. Secretary Long called with
the cablegram from Admiral -Kautz.
They remained in conference less than
half an hour. The Secretary seemed
to view the matter with perfect equa
nimity and said that no additional force
would be sent to Apia as our present
strength there was deemed amply suf
ficient, to meet the situation. The Sec
retary also said that Admiral Kautz's
dispatch contained matters not made
public, but they were of no general in
terest. The dispatch, however, he said,
contained no mention of the ambush
having been laid on the plantation of
a German. •v, V,'".' ; ;
Members of the Cabinet in discussing
the event said they saw no occasion for
public excitement. The United States
would protect her rights, but until all
the facts were known it was certain
no aggressive steps .would be taken.
It was further stated that on the face
of the records the German Government
was not unfriendly to the United States
during our war with Spain and al
though certain German officials may
have shown a pronounced sympathy
with the Spaniards, nothing had oc
curred that could officially be a sub
ject of complaint that had not been
promptly disavowed. Under these cir
cumstances it is pointed out that the
United States will not be disposed to
assume in advance of the receipt of full
information that the German Govern
ment is solely responsible for the pres
ent disturbed state of affairs 'at Apia.
Members of the Cabinet were not in
clined to regard seriously the intima
tion of some of the German" papers that
I the United States should be required
I to disavow the acts of Admiral Kautz.
BRITISH ADVICES
% ARE CONSERVATIVE
So Far the United States Has
Not Followed England in
Sending More Force.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— Both the
British and German embassies here to
night received long cablegrams from
their Foreign Offices reporting on the
developments in- Samoa. That from
London was from the British Consul at
Apia and said that the casualties were
one British officer killed, two or three
Americans killed and ; five • American
sailors wounded, with two English
sailors wounded. .The purport of the
German dispatch is not known. It
reached here about 8" o'clock and took
an hour and a half to decipher.
. The dispatch to the British embassy
was in the main a confirmation of facts
given in the press dispatches. It was
conservative in tone and announced at
the outset that a collision had occurred
on a plantation near Apia between the
native force's and a combined American
and English detachment. One point of
significance to the embassy was the
fact that it apparently contradicted a
published report of a large number of
casualties on the side of the joint
American-English forces. Another im
portant point was that it announced
only one British officer killed.
The action of Great Britain in or
dering two more warships to Samoa at
tracted considerable attention here and
it was stated that if the British ships
are so reinforced Germany would take
similar steps and augment her naval
representation in those waters to. meet
any .possible contingency. ,'. ■>
So far, however, no action looking to
reinforcement of the United States'
naval forces has been taken. Secretary
Long was informed of Great Britain's
action late to-night, but said it as his
belief that there was adequate repre
sentation of the United. States there
now and that no more vessels would be
dispatched to Samoa unless further im
portant developments occur. The Phil
adelphia, he said, with the two British
ships, was fully able to cope with the
situation in the present light of events.
Admiral Kautz has not requested any
reinforcements, and his recommenda
tion under ordinary circumstance
would be awaited. g££3j
Requests for information about those
who fell In the savage ambuscade be
gan coming in to-night, the first mes
sage reaching Secretary Long shortly
before midnight from James Monaghan
of San Diego, asking for details of the
death of his son. Ensign Monaghan.
The view is held in German circles
that much of the delay in settling the
Samoan troubles, as well as the grave
aspect the matter has assumed, is due
to a design on the part of Great Britain
to ing about an alliance with the
United States.
MINERS MURDERED
BY CHILKAT INDIANS
Detected While Defacing a Totem
Pole by Cutting Their Initials ;♦•'!
■ „ Upon It. •'.
VICTORIA. B. •'.. .April 1-.'.-A miner
ha* reached Dyea, Alaska." who claims tu
be the survivor ,of a party of three, two
of whom were murdered by Chllkat In
dians near the village of Klukwan. Ac
cording to his story, they were defacing a
totem pole. by cutting their initials on it
and were surprised -by a large party of
Indians, who shot at them, killing his" two
companions. He escaped. by running into
the brush. The. men killed were Sidney
Vance, an Englishman, and Charles
Ericksen. a Swede.
To Carry Dead Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, April 12.-The Crook
has arrived at Ponce, where she will re
ceive the remainder of the dead soldiers
in Porto Rico ana bring them to the
United States. . ..-».-;BUT ARE GROWING EXTREMELY ANXIOUS
GERMANS DISCLAIM
RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE AMBUSCADE
Berlin Officials Say Prompt Steps
Should Be Ta^en to Suppress
Mataafa's Murderous Warriors.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
BERLIN, April 12. — Up to a late hour to-night lights burned in the Foreign Office,
where much agitation reigned during the afternoon owing to the latest news from- Samoa.
The ambushing of the American and English detachment by ' Mataafa's warriors is taken
here in the most serious light. A dispatch which reached the Minister of State from Consul Rose
is taken as clearly exonerating the Germans from any hand in the matter, as was at first feared
might possibly be the case.
Only this afternoon have the negotiations between the German and British govern
ments reached an absolutely satisfactory condition, and the German Government ascribes this to
the good influence of the United States Government. This has removed the obstacle to Ger
many at once naming her Commissioner, who, am informed this evening at the Foreign Office,
will be the First Secretary of the German Embassy in Washington.
A personage in a position .to speak authoritatively says the reports in the German papers
that the German Government will put in a claim for damages are untrue. All such questions as
that are entirely matters for the consideration of the Commissioners. All this Samoan question
is a small but wretched business, for which it seems a terrible pity that 400,000 marks' worth of
German property has been damaged and the lives of American and English seamen have been
needlessly sacrificed.
The Foreign Office has received several dispatches from the commander of the cruiser
Falke, in which he makes no mention of any disagreeable discussion with Admiral Kautz. The
German Government takes this as sufficient proof that all the stories told on the subject must
therefore have been the inventions of persons interested in making trouble between Germany
and the United States. *
BERLIN, April 12.— The correspon
dent here of the Associated Press
has had an interview with a For
eign Office official, who is author
ized to speak for the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Baron yon Bulow. He
said:
.'We have received several official
dispatches saying that the Tanu people
for a fortnight __ast have been raiding
and pillaging around Apia, destroying
mainly German property. They are
armed with weapons furnished by the
British.
""We also received to-day a dispatch
from the commander of the Falke con
firming the ambuscade and the loss of
the Americans and English, substanti
ating wholly the dispatches of the As
sociated Press. The ambuscade may
possibly have been on a German plan
: tation, as nearly all the property
around Apia is German. The Govern
ment regrets extremely the occurrence,
, ; for which, however, it is in no way to
blame. Such hostile encounters must
naturally be expected when the Anglo-
American action in crowning Malietoa
Tanu has made nine-tenths of the Sa
moans their enemies. It shows strongly
how necessary is the prompt departure
of the commission with adequately full
instructions. Although the German
Commissioner has not been formally
f appointed, he is ready to start for Sa
moa within half an hour after the three
Governments clearly define the mode of
operations and the powers of the com
mon. Why does England need
lessly delay agreeing? It is the only
way to prevent ceaseless bloodshed in
Samoa. Unless the commission starts
soon such encounters may occur any
day.
"Of course, now that fresh blood has
been spilled, the excitement of the
Americans and British may increase.
But Germany is blameless. The same
thing happened to our men in 1888. The
Samoans also cut off the heads of the
German victims then. That is one of
the Samoans' pleasant habits. If Ad
miral Kautz' had the power to re-estab
lish peace all might be well. But he
needs a much stronger force than now
available under his and the British
command at Apia to subdue Mataafa
and his warlike hosts."
The correspondent also saw United
Stat Embassador White, who said he
had not received any official news* of
the recent occurrences at Apia, and
Therefore was unable to comment upon
the ambuscade.
The Lokal Anseiger, the only after
noon newspaper here containing the ex
citing moan news, does not comment
upon it.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press hears from an authoritative
source that the Washington Govern
ment Is still in doubt as to how far
'..unanimity is to prevail within the com
mission, Germany insisting upon abso
lute unanimity and the United States
X unanimity on important ques
■ -lions only, while on the preliminaries
and immaterial points the United
States deems a majority sufficient.
-. The semi-official North German Ga
zette confirms the statement made by
the Neusten Nachrichten yesterday to
the effect that the German represen
; tation on the Samoan commission will
be appointed only when Great Britain
shall have given the necessary guaran
tees to insure respect for German
Hotel at Apia Now Turned Into a Prison.
BERLIN, April 12.— of
ficial dispatch from Apia dated
April 5 says: "The British
have been bombarding a Sa
moan village daily, and the
adherents of Mataafa are
plundering foreign property.
"On April 1 an Anglo-Amer
ican landing party fell into
an ambuscade near Vailele.
Three officers were killed and
two light guns were captured.
The warships afterward re
newed the bombardment."
The officials here point out
that the engagement appeared
to have occurred at the same
place that a landing party
from the German warships 01
--ga. Eber and Adler had an en
counter with the natives in
1888.
treaty rights, and adds that it has rea
son to know the German Government
has asked for a definite statement as
to the position of the British Govern
ment toward the Samoan treaty.
Sir Frank Lascelles, the British Em
bassador, conferred with Baron yon
Bulow, the German Foreign Minister,
until a late hour this evening. The re
sult of the conference has not yet de
veloped definitely, but it is said that
an agreement was reached respecting
the commission.
Evidently the Government is doing
its utmost to avoid irritating Great
Britain and the United States. It had
the dispatch from Apia early this
morning, but refrained from publishing
the contents because it did not desire to
exhibit a mischievous pleasure at the
ambush of British and Americans.
The same motive forbade the semi
official papers to publish or comment
upon the news in a tone open to the
suspicion of cynicism.
Baro-n yon Bulow deprecates any at
tempt to complicate the situation by
needless interpellations, but he has con
sented to reply to an interpellation by
a member of the National Liberal party
in the Reichstag to-morrow or Friday,
stipulating, however, that the inquiry
shall deal with the general situation
only and contain nothing offensive to
Great Britain or the United States. This
appears to confirm the report that the
visit of Sir Frank Lascelles has had
a definite result, since, until to-night,
Baron yon Bulow had declined to con
sent to interpellations.
It is understood that if a German
should prove to have been reponsible
for the treachery, the Government will
acknowledge his liability to punish
ment.
As a specimen of the excitement pre
vailing in Chauvinist quarters, the
agrarian newspaper Tages Zeitung
publishes a violent manifesto calling
upon the women of Germany to con
tribute a navy fund as a protest
against the act of the United States
and Great Britain in "trampling Ger
many's honor in the dust." The
manifesto is signed "A German Frau."
The radical papers comment upon it
satirically, one ot them remarking,
"Get thee to a ntmnery, Ophelia."
The Vossische Zeitung observes that
the previous navy fund provided about
enough money to buy a lifeboat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
VERY WEARY OF
GERMAN TACTICS,
SAYS MR, HULL
Continued from First Page.
not, of course, take cognizance
of press dispatches conflicting
with official communications, but
| it is not believed that the press
dispatch purporting to give an
official statement of such charac
\ ter would be permitted to be sent
■ from Berlin if it were not actually
; authorized.
Senator Davis, chairman of
the Senate Committee on For
eign Relations, was one of the
earliest of the President's visitors
to-day. Trie President did not
mention the latest advices from
Samoa, but the Senator had been
informed of them. Asked for his
views -the situation, Davis
said:
"We must be care
ful and not lose our
heads. We must not
form an opinion till all
the facts are known."
Representative Hull of lowa,
chairman of the House Military
Committee, was also one of the
President's visitors, but he was
not consulted on the matter. He
spoke decidedly, however, say
ing:
'•This Government
will notattempttodis
credit our men there
unless it is shown
clearly thattheyare in
the wrong, If Germany
persists in her pres
ent course there ii^ay
be war. In my section
of the country the
feeling has been very
strong against Ger
many for six months.
The people believe
that she was hostile
to us in the war with
| Spain. The people are
in such temper that
they will not permit
any trifling or hedging
on the part of the
United States."
Senator Thurston said that
it would be pretty hard for three
of the most enlightened nations
of the earth to have a war over
a few. little islands which are of
no consequence. He considered
the situation as somewhat grave.
Senator Stewart said: ''Does
GERMAN SETTLEMENT NEAR APIA.
Germany want to fight? If so,
she way be accommodated. We
are a peaceful people, but. we do
not permit others to go around
with. chips on their shoulders," '
There was a feeling ' among
many of the statesmen that the
outcome of this whole affair will
depend largely on Great Britain's
attitude. England, it is said, may
see her opportunity in the Sa
moan situation, and the United
States may be put in the position
of having to follow her. Eng
land may have concealed motives
for a rupture with Germany,
while the Samoan situation
would furnish apparent grounds
for a break. It is argued that if
England has any desire to even
up with Germany she will never
be able to do so under more fa
vorable circumstances.
CABLE FROM GERMANY
TO UNITED STATES
NEW YORK, April 12.— A Washing
ton special. to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKinley has granted /permission
to the Felton Guilleaume, a German
corporation, to, land on the • Atlantic
Coast its proposed cable between Ger
many and the United States.'
The request, "which was made by the
German Government through' its Em
bassador in Washington, was for a
landing near Coney Island, but under
the permit granted the company may
put a cable ashore at almost any point.
The • President granted the request
willingly, not only because It will, give
the United States another trans-
Atlantic line, but also because it will
please many German-American citizens
of the United States, who have not
looked with entire favor on the recent
growth of cordial relations between the
United States and Great Britain. ■•--
The new cable will bring the United
States and Germany into closer com
mercial , relations, and, it is believed,
will tend to counteract the bad feel
ing in both countries over the action of
the German/admiral at Manila and the
present Samoan difficulties. •" '
The granting of. the permit just at
this time, when the situation in Samoa
is particularly strained, will tend to
demonstrate that the United States
wishes to pursue a conciliatory course.
THE RANGER MAY GO
TO SAMOAN ISLANDS
NEW YORK, April 12.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Rear
Admiral. Hichborn, chief of- the bureau
of construction and repair, has been
informed that the work of reconstruct
ing the Ranger will be completed, with
in a week and this vessel will be im
mediately placed in commission for
service on the Pacific Coast and will be
available for duty at Apia if additional
force be- required there. ■*
The Ranger has an entirely new bat
tery, consisting of six 4-inch rapid-fire
guns, four 6-pounders, one Colt and one
field, gun. • . ' •
RECORDS OF SEAMEN
SLAIN BY MATAAFANS
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The Navy
Department records of the service of
the two sailors [ killed at Apia . are as
follows: ' . . • .':■:-:
James Butler, i seaman, : enlisted at
Boston; born in Dungarven, Ireland;
next of kin, Mrs. Kate, Butler, Spring
mount, Dungarven, Ireland. Has had
no previous naval service. '• •
Norman Eckley: Edsall, ordinary.sea
man; enlisted at Toledo, Ohio; born- in
Columbus, Ky.; next of kin, Bessie E
Edsall, lister, Greenville, Mich.
FANCY CHINA WARE DAY.
• Some articles cut 60 percent.- >I
■ Some articles cut SO per cent] - - •
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF' PRICE. ~
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
a^K/..-...;.:^ Stores Everywhere. . ■■"
COMPLICATIONS IN
SAMOA MADE STILL
GRAVER BY ATTACK.
LONDON, April 12.— outbreak
in Samoa, just when the powers
had agreed upon the appointment
of a commission to settle the dif
ficulties there, has caused great
annoyance and disappointment at the
Foreign Office here, where it is re
garded as making the already serious
complications still graver. While they
have difficulty in expressing a definite
opinion upon the fresh development, it
is acknowledged that the foreign offi
cials think that it has been manifested
that there. has been hasty and aggres
sive action on the part of Herr Rose,
the German Consul, for although he
may have- many technical reasons for
the part he has played in behalf of
German interests, it is asserted that he
has been -the prime cause of the fresh
outbreak, which, it is added, will neces
sarily greatly. embarrass the. endeavors
which the three powers are making to
restore a satisfactory and amicable
state of: affairs. : V . ' :.•..-
The Foreign Office officials appear to
think that it was obviously the duty of
the three Consuls to uphold the decision
of the Supreme Court, which, . accord
ing to the telegrams received, decided
to reinstate Tanu in place of the pro
visional government, and the action' of
Herr Rose in issuing a counter procla- !
mation supporting the rebellious fac
tion could not but have a. disastrous!
effect, as shown by the fighting ' de
scribed in to-day's dispatches.
Furthermore, the officials of the For
eign Office think it impossible to say
to a certainty how events will develop,
but they -are" of the opinion that it is
high time the commissioners ' got ; to
work, in order to settle-once for all the
i deplorable' state of affairs which has
arisen in : Samoa. The dispatch to the
British Admiralty- from Apia, after giv- ;
ing the list of killed and wounded,
adds: "The British and .American au- >
thorities used their utmost endeavors
previous to the fighting ". to reach, a
peaceful settlement."
The treacherous attack made by the
i Mataafans upon, the .American arid
■ British naval forces created a consid
erable sensation in official circles and
among the general public. The news
papers sent out large placards' printed
with, such startling statements as
"British and American Forces Routed,"
"German Treachery," etc. -
The heroic conduct, of Ensign .Mon?
aghan .'of the, United States cruiser
Philadelphia particularly appealed to
the public. The British Admiralty has
received 'a ' dispatch* from Captain
Stuart, the senior British naval "officer
in Sa'mban' waters," giving the, news of
the death of Lieutenant -Freeman of
the British* cruiser Tauranga in "an
engagement with the rebels." Beyond
this no further 'details • have been .re-,
ceived. ', - .'.''„... ' . r
The German Embassador here, Count
yon -Hatzfeldt-Wildenburg,- first- re
ceived the news from a representative
of. the Associated Press.. He- quickly
recognized its importance and asked
permission to make; a copy of, the dis
patch. He said: 'This news is, indeed,
grave and it is unfortunate, too,' at this
moment 'that anything, should occur to
endanger the negotiations. for .the set
tlement that we were glad to feel would
soon . have arrived. rOf course, I Can
not discuss the particulars given in the
dispatch, but the occurrence is certain
ly very unfortunate." .'.". ',-.'. ■ ;.-• '.
The Pall Mall 'Gazette, says: "The
locality of the /engagement .or; rather
ambush is stated to have been a Ger
man plantation, and there is : the- un
pleasant suggestion ■ that there was
treachery upon 'the part of a German
subject;; The incident,, apart from the
loss of-, life; -Is deeply deplorable. The
situation was : already lull of .anxiety
to the Government at home, while on
the spot' racial' feeling .runs higher.
Though it will be kept well under con
trol the Cabinets of London, Washing
ton .and Berlin .could well have' been
spared this latest development. : We
may; be assured • that, order will be
maintained ashore by the united efforts
of the English ; and "American command
ers, but even their efforts will not. clear
the. air of the electricity which is fast
accumulating at Apia."  : ■'■• . _ .;.._?
The United—- States-- Embassador,
Joseph R. Choate, having read! the Sa
moan dispatch, said ; to a. representative
of the Associated, Press: "And is Ger
man treachery hinted at? • I see noth
ing in this news to warrant for a mo
ment the suggestion that the German
Government. is in any way. implicated.
Until we know more .'about . the local
circumstances surrounding ,the case it
is impossible to express :an accurate
opinion. .-..'..,.
"There is one thing, -however, it will
tend to force matters and now, doubt
less, the three governments, will take
up the question vigorously and. instead
of the occurrence causing delay it may
accelerate a definite, understanding." .
HUGHES IS
ORDERED TO
GO TO SAMOA
Lieutenant Commander W. S. Hughes,
in charge of the local Hydrographic- Of
fice, has received. orders. from Washington
to report to Admiral Kautz for duty on
the cruiser Philadelphia at Samoa. The
message containing the' instructions' did
not .state .to ..what _, duties ..Lieutenant
Hughes will be' assigned. He will leave
on the; steamer' Mariposa' for, ; Samoa on
the 19th of this month. .-.'/ v .
Lieutenant Hughes was executive officer
of the , Scorpion ; during the : blockade of
Cuban ports, v The Scorpion was probably
the' fastest converted yacht and had the
best battery of any the Government pos
sesses. ! After the -trouble '.was over he
was in .the hospitals at Santiago and New
York 'for three -months. When fully re
covered he returned to the Hydrographic
Office in this city, , to which he was at
tached ; when' war , was declared-, with
Spain, i
; Lieutenant C. C. Calkins, who was navi
gating officer- of. the Olympia.-under - Ad
miral Dewey, has. been ordered to take
charge of the. Hydrographic Office to suc
ceed Hughes.- Lieutenant Calkins was re
cently assigned to the training ship Pen
sacola. nowat'Yerba Buena Island. His
successor has not yet been appointed.
HETHERINGTON NAMED
TO SUCCEED LANSDALE
Naval Lieutenant Now at Mare i Isl
i . and Ordered to Join the
■•• ■ - Philadelphia.
VALLEJO, " April 12.— Lieutenant J.
H. Hetherington of the, navy, now at
M.are Island, has been ordered to pro
ceed to the -Philadelphia: Samoa to
take the- place -Lieutenant Philip V.
Lansdale, who was killed 'by. the na
tives ;. at Samoa lon -April L*. Ensign
Schultze has been detached from the
lowa and ordered to the Philadelphia
in place of Ensign Monaghan. Both
officers will sail from San Francisco on
the 19th instant.
UNANIMITY IN THE
SAMOAN COMMISSION
Lord Salisbury Definitely Announces
His Adhesion to This
Principle. .
LONDON, April 12.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Morning Post says:
Lord Salisbury, I learn, has definitely
announced his adhesion to the principle
of unanimity in the Samoan commis-
sion, although filled with grave appre
hensions as to the detrimental effect it
may have on the commission's useful
ness. The British and German gov
ernments have now arrived . at an
agreement.
The Berlin correspondent of the
Times says: The latest news from Sa
moa has elicited the keenest regret
here. It is regarded as showing that
Admiral Kautz : and Captain Sturdee
made a mistake in attempting to sup
press Mataafa with the small force at
their disposal. The Kreuz Zeitung says:
"We took too optimistic a view when
we drew the conclusion from Embassa
dor .White's declarations that Great
Britain and the United States had not
adopted an identical attitude in the
Samoan question. .
"The concentration of the German
press attacks now upon Great Britain
and now upon the United States sug
gests an ardent desire somewhere to
act upon the principle 'Divide et im
pera.' With regard to the appointment
of the commission, neither England nor
America can be accused of giving Ger
many any excuse for delay. If Ger
many "insists upon the principle of
unanimity in instructions to all com
missioners, she must at least give the
other powers time to consider this im
portant subject. It cannot be expected
that Mr, Eliot and. Mr. Tripp will take
their instructions ready made . from
Baron yon Bulow."
"Tl HUB"
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.),
132 Kearny St., EXCLUSIVE
Southeast comer HIGH-GRADE
Sutter, •' :• CLOTHIERS.
A
NEW
SYSTEM. / ,
FIT-REFORM
CLOTHES,
MADE TO FIT
•-..- ALL SHAPES
OF MEN.
ARE YOU STOUT?
Try Fit- Reform Clothes.
ARE YOU SLIM?
Try Fit-Reform Clothes.
ARE YOU SHORT?
Try Fit- Reform Clothes.
-.
There Are Nine Shapes of Men.
We Can Fit With
Fit-Reform Clothes.
EXCLUSIVE MEN'S CLOTHIERS.
34
GALLANT LANSDALE
IS DEEPLY MOURNED
BY the death of Lieutenant Lans
dale a San Francisco girl was
made a widow before she had
been a wife a year. Three days
before the Philadelphia sailed for
Honolulu last summer the young naval
officer was married to Miss Ethel Ship
ley Smith by Rev. William H. Moreland
of St. Luke's Church— now Bishop
Moreland of the diocese of Sacramento
—in the little Episcopal Church in San
Rafael. The wedding was hastened be
cause of Lieutenant Lansdale's knowl
edge that 'he was liable *o he ordered
to sea at a day's notice..
Miss Smith was the eldest daughter
of Sidney M. Smith, well known in
business and financial circles in this
city, and the wedding was attended by
many friends of the happy couple. The
bride was attended by her sisters. Miss
Bertha and Miss Helen. Lieutenant
Gorgas, U. S. N., acted as best man
and the ushers were Edward Green
way, J. C. Morse Silverous, S. C. Board
man and Horace G. Piatt. After the
ceremony a wedding breakfast was
served at the summer home of the
bride's parents..
While the Philadelphia was at San
Diego last fall Mrs. Lansdale made a
trip to that port and remained with
her husband until the cruiser was bur
riedly dispatched to Samoa. She did
not realize when she bid her husband
good-by at that time that she would
never see him alive again. But the
young naval officer fell a victim to the
treachery of the savage warriors of
Mataafa. and the young widow is pros
trated v ith grief at the home of her
parents ai ".Yebster street and Broad
way. Her sisters are with her, but her
parents are absent in far-away Japan,
rhilip Van Home Lansdale was born
in Washington, D. C, February 15, ISSS.
He entered the naval academy at
Annapolis in IST*, and graduated in
1879. Three years later he was made
an ensign and assigned to duty at the
Washington Navy Yard, where he re
mained until IS9O, when he was ordered
to sea on the Philadelphia. In 1893 he
was sent to Chicago, where he had
charge of the caravels, and at the close
of the World's Columbian Exposition
he was promoted to a full lieutenancy
and ordered to the battle-ship" Massa
chusetts. A short time later he was
transferred to the Alert, and in June,
IS9S, he was ordered to Honolulu to
join the Philadelphia as navigation of
ficer. He was appointed executive
officer of the Philadelphia when the
cruiser was ordered to Samoa, succeed
ing Lieutenant Stevens, who was in
capacitated by illness. Lieutenant
Lansdale was very popular in society
circles in this city and enjoyed the
respect of his brother officers in the
navy to a marked degree.
___»
PATHETIC SCENE AT
THE LANSDALE HOME
The House of Sidney M. Smith
in Mourning Over the Gallant
Officer's Death.
Th« was a pathetic scene at the house
of Sidney M. Smith yesterday. The well
known mansion at the corner of Broad
way and Webster street, the scene of
so many social festivities, was full of
gloom. Upstairs, in a darkened room,
overcome with grief, lay Mrs. Lansdale.
the wife of the heroic officer who led the
men of the Philadelphia so bravely
against the Samoans. t
Below, in the brightly decorated hall
way, her sister. Miss Smith, strove to re
press her tears while she received an end
less succession of callers— some sympa
thetic, some merely curious.
"I never thought that there were so
many people In San Francisco," she ex
claimed, as the bell rang for the hun
dredth time.
Lieutenant Lansdale was well known in
_ar. Francisco, hence the universal . x
MONAGHAN WAS A
BRIGHT OFFICER
THE LATE ENSIGN JOHN R. MONAGHAN.
From a photograph by Vaughan & Keith.
Ensign James R. Monaghan of the warship Philadelphia, the news of whose
death at the hands of Mataafa's bloodthirsty horde of Samoans was announced
in The Call of yesterday morning, was a native of Stevens County, Washing
ton. He was born and attained young manhood in a little village but a few
miles north of the city of Spokane. His father was a prominent banker, real es
tate and mine owner of that city. , . . ,".-.. . ..: .
Monaghan attended Gonzaga College in Spokane and stood fifth in his gradu
ating class: al a competition between seventeen of the young men of his State
who attended the college for the appointment to Annapolis he stood first and was
-appointed by Senator John L. Wilson of Washington. He entered Annapolis on
September 7. 91, and was graduated and assigned as ensign on the Philadelphia
in July. _. <7. He was 25 years of age at the time of his death.
FAX DIEGO, April 12.— A representative of the Associated Press broke the
neWs of the death of Ensign Monaghan to bis family this morning at their resi
dence in this city. They had received telegrams of condolence from northern
friends, but were still Ignorant of what was meant by the telegrams until told
of the sad news from Samoa. • - .;
THE LATE LIEUT. PHILIP VflN HORNE LONSDALE.
From a Photograph by Yaughan & Keith.
pression of sympathy. Last June there
was a fashionable wedding at Sidney
Smith's summer home in San Rafael,
when the gallant officer took Ethel M.
Smith as his bride. The young lady was
well known in society circles here; her
winsome beauty and i cultured intellect
had made her nundreds of friends. The
marriage was .essentially a. love match.
and universal regret was expressed for
Mrs. Lansdale when the exigencies of
naval service took her husband from her
side. The lieutenant was only 41 years of
age, and had been in the navy ever since
he entered the Naval Academy at tne
early age of 16. His father-in-law, Sid
ney Smith, is well known as a local capi
talist and the president of the Cutting
Packing Company.
Charles S. Green, a California writer,
whose verse has won him much repute
and who is now editing the Overland
Monthly, is Mrs. Lansdale's uncle. Ife
states that the enforced separation of the
couple was the .source of deepest regret
to the whole family.
It had been expected prior to the out
break of the Samoan trouble that the
Philadelphia would, on the completion of
her South American cruise, return to San
Francisco and be permanently stationed
here. But when the Mataafa rebellion as
sumed serious dimensions the warship
was intercepted and Bent post haste to
Samoa with orders to protect American
interests in the group at all costs. How
well these instructions have been carried
out is shown by the sad news which
reached here yesterday.
"We feel," said Miss Smith, "that this
is a matter of international importance,
and. oh. we do hope that somebody will
do something to the Germans who caused
all the trouble. Of course we have not
been able to keep the news from Mrs.
Lane : She is prostrated by grief, but
Is bearing up as well as we could expect
under the circumstances. She is of course
unable to receive any callers at present." I
TRIBUTES TO BRAVE
LIEUTENANT FREEMAN
"We knew him always as the destroying
angel," said James MacMahon yesterday,
as he referred in tones of sadness to the
death of his dearest friend.
Lieutenant 'Angel H. Freeman was next
to the highest officer and the moving
spirit of the British cruiser Tauranga
while MacMahon was for four months a
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, THURSDAY, , APRIL 13, 1899.
I privileged guest on board the ship.
"We went from Australia." remarked
MacMahon, "to the New Hebrides, thence
to New Caledonia. It was while we were
at Tauna, the notorious home of canni
bals, that Freeman earned his sobriquet.
There had been a murder or two ashore,
and we had, as a matter of course, to
support our end of 'the white man's bur
den' by burning a few villages and ar
resting some native chiefs. But Freeman
went into the business with unusual
vigor, and as Captain Brown stood on the
bridge of the Tauranga beside me he ex
claimed TV'e must call him the destroy
ing angel in future.'
"I saw Lieutenant Freeman in Apja
only a few weeks ago, as we passed
through on the Mariposa. He was cheer
lul nd. happy, looking forward as every
naval officer does with delight to th 3
prospect of active service. fie was the
senior executive officer of his ship, and
had he lived would undoubtedly have
risen to a high rank in the service. He
was absolutely devoid of fear. When, we
landed on Tauna in the midst of the
most ferocious cannibals to be found in
.the world. Freeman carried himself and
his party through with the utmost sang
froid. His conduct on this occasion
marked him for promotion, and the ad
miral of the station ,gave him special
mention in his dispatches.
. "The Tauranga is known in the British
Service as a third-class protected cruiser,
and formed one of the special squadron
of vessels built to guard the coast of Aus
tralia. She is a sister ship to the Pelorus.
on which Kipling recently cruised in the
channel and which he made famous by
his series of articles on naval maneuvers.
"The Tauranga was commissioned in
Australia on April 1. 1897. and by a curi
ous coincide nee Lieutenant Freeman met
with his death on the same day of the
month, exactly two years later. He was
a man of great determination and spirit,
but at the same time scrupulously partic
ular in the performance of his executive
duties on board ship. Many a time he
has reproached me for sitting on the tor
pedo tubes in the gunroom, although I
was wearing clean white clother And
as to the ship's goat, he Insisted on having
the poor animal washed at least half a
dozen times a day. The lot of a mascot
on board the Tauranga was by no means
a holiday when Lieutenant Freeman was
in charge.
"His last word?: to me when I met him
in Apia harbor expressed regret at his in
ability to dine with me that night. M
should like to come,' he said, 'but I have
just received orders to take a landing
party of a hundred marines and blue
jackets ashore. . There will be some fun,
I think.
"There was more fun than poor Free
man expected, for to-day his headless
body is buried on Mulinuu peninsula, and
the Samoan crisis has reached a stage
of Intensity which may at any moment
bring about a great international war."
SWEEPING VICTORY FOR
BOLIVIAN FEDERALISTS
Sreclal Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA. Peru, April 12.— The battle be
tween the revolutionists or Federalists
under General Pando and the forces of
President Alonzo near Oruro in Bolivia
lasted over an hour, during which time
200 were killed.
General Pando commanded the vic
torious Federalists and occupied' Oruro
without the slightest disorder.
President Alonzo with a bodyguard
consisting of only thirty arrived to
night at Antofagasta on the bay of
Morena, Chile. The Chilean forces are
at present engaged in disarming the
fugitives who have passed over the
frontier. .
FATHER GALLIANO HAS
GONE TO HIS REWARD
THE VENERABLE PRIEST DIED
YESTERDAY.
Formerly Taught at Santa Clara Col
lege, but Devoted His Last
Years to Charity.
Rev. Father Celestine Galliano died
shortly after 8 o'clock yesterday morning
at St. Ignatius College. During his life,
which extended over a period of sixty
three years, he was noted for his In
numerable charitable works, which won
for him the appellation "Father of the
Poor." He came to California in 1563, and
spent many years in teaching at Santa
Clara College, Santa Clara. After leav
ing the college, he went to Portland,
where he became a priest In IS7O.
In San Francisco his time was spent
within dingy prisons and hospitals, ad
ministering to the spiritual wants of
those confined therein. His kind and gen
tle nature endeared him to all with whom
he came in contact, and he made the last
hours of many lives of suffering peaceful
by his influence. He also visited the State
penitentiaries from time to time.
Father Galliano was born in Belluno
Italy, in 1835. His determination to de
vote his life to the. church was made in
his early life, and he went to Austria
where he studied for the holy orders'
hen he arrived in Boston some years
later he continued his theological studies
there. His last mass was said in his room
at the college two weeks ago.
This evening at 7:15 the body will be
taken into St. Ignatius Church, where the
rosary and the offices of the day will be
repeated. Friday morning at 7:30 a sol
emn mass of requiem will' be said, after
which the body will be taken to Santa
Clara for interment.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
QUAY HAS GAINED
PARTIAL VICTORY
Judge Biddle Shuts Out
the "Red Book."
-•-...-■--.'■ ■--.-* , ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April -12.— Senator
Quay gained a partial advantage in
court to-day by the apparent refusal of
Judge Biddle for the present at least
to admit as evidence the famous
"red book," which has figured so
prominently, in the trial and which is
alleged to contain the key to the case
of the commonwealth. This book was
found in the desk of Cashier Hopkins
of the People's Bank after the institu
tion had closed its doors and that in
dividual had taken his own life. It is
an ordinary day book, twelve pages of
which are devoted to what the prose
cution claims to be Hopkins' record of
his transactions in money. deposited by
the State Treasurer for the advantage
of Senator Quay.
It contains entries extending over
several years and figures are written in
it which apparently show the calcula
tion of Interest on sums of money ap
proximating the State deposit, less cer
tain deductions for the .benefit of Sena
tor Quay. These figures, the prosecu
tion alleges, were "posted" from the red
book to the regular register of the bank
containing Quay's account. In passing
upon the question of the admissibility
of the red book Judge Biddle said:
It does not strike me that knowledge of
the book has been brought home to Quay.
It was not found among the books of
the bank at all. It was found in a drawer,
not in the ordinary shape in which books
of a public institution are kept, but
crowded in with a sort of rubbish, and an
investigation of that book revealed these
figures. . I am not satisfied, therefore,
that this book has been made competent
evidence against Senator Quay.
This decision was part of an oral
opinion by the Judge in which he estab
lished the point that the regular books
of the banks Were admissible as testi
mony. District Attorney Rothennel
quickly saw the advantage the latter
part of the opinion placed him in, and
he sprang to his feet to assure the court
that he had argued for the admission of
the "red book," and had not formally
offered it in evidence and might not
find it necessary to make such offer.
Judge Biddle replied that, he had un
derstood the argument of yesterday and
this morning to be on the admission of
all the books and papers, but in view
of Mr. Rothermel's statement he would
withhold his decision on this book until
it is regularly offered and the question
argued.
Counsel for Quay, seeing their advan
tage, insisted that they had included
the red book in their argument against
the admission of the books, but the
Judge dismissed the matter for the
present. -
SIDNEY A. MARTIN
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
Shotgun Being Cleaned by the San
Franciscan Is Unexpectedly
.Discharged.
LOSANGELES, April 12.— Sidney A. Mar
tin of San Francisco, by the accidental
discharge of his shotgun, Inflicted a
wound in the abdomen which caused his
death in an hour. Martin came to Los
Angeles several days ago to visit friends.
Martin, ; with Albert Lang and A. N.
Heezklah. formed a camping party that
chose hunting grounds near San Fernando
as its rendezvous. They left Los Angeles
last Saturday. Desiring to replenish
their store of supplies they came, to San
Fernando in their wagon this morning.
Martin, who had been cleaning his gun,
was standing in the rear of the convey
ance, which had halted in front of the
postofflce. He placed the gun in the
wagonbed and looked into the barrel he
had cleaned. As he arose from a stoop
ing position, the gun was accidentally
discharged, the full load entering his
body. He was placed on a train that had
just arrived and conveyed to Los An
geles for medical treatment, but died en
route. ..: -'s-'
Martin was well known in San Francis
co, having been employed to- the Standard
Oil Company for the past fourteen years.
His widow and child, who reside at 1256
Eddy street, have been notified of his
! death and will reach here to-morrow
morning. The Coroner will hold an in
quest at 9:90 to-morrow morning and the
remains' will be shipped north at noon.
CHAUNCEY FILLEY'S PLAN
TO DEFEAT M'KINLEY
Missouri Republican Boss Would Put
an Independent Ticket Into
the Field.
NEW YORK. April 12.— A St. Louis
special to the Herald says: Chauncey I.
Fllley, erstwhile Republican boss of Mis
souri, Is, according to one of his lieu
tenants, at the head of a movement to
organize the antl-McKinley Republicans
of the country to work against the Presi
dent.for re-election.
The scheme contemplates the nomina
tion of an independent ticket after the
regular Republican convention, with Gov
ernor Plngree of Michigan and Mayor
Jones of Toledo, Ohio, as candidates for
President and Vice President, respec
tively. They hope to carry Illinois. lowa,
Indiana, Michigan and California, with
chances in Eastern and Western States.
The independent platform is to be muni
cipal ownership of public utilities and
probable Government ownership of rail
roads and telegraphs.
GRAND ARMY DEADLOCK.
PHILADELPHIA, April 12.— ex
ecutive committee of the National
Council of Administration of the Grand
Army of the Republic to-night failed to
elect a successor to the late James A.
Sexton, commander in chief of the
Grand Army. There was a deadlock
on the names of Colonel W. C. Johnson
of Cincinnati and General J. C. Black of
Illinois. Colonel Johnson will continue
to act as commander in chief until the
encampment here in September, when
a commander will be chosen.
POTATOES WORTH
AS MUCH AS EGGS
TACOMA, Wash., April 12.— Potatoes are now worth as much as
eggs in this State. People are buying them practically by the dozen.
They cost over 2 cents a pound and are growing scarcer every day. .
Last year was not a good one for potatoes in the Northwest, while
the demand was unusually heavy owing to the evaporation of large
quantities for the Alaskan and Klondike trade. In past years new
potatoes from California have been on the market by this time. Few
Californias have arrived 'so far, and .those to be had are not considered
up to the usual quality. This leaves a comparatively small quantity of
potatoes now available at the Sound and interior markets to supply
both this State and Alaska until the new crop can be harvested in Cali
fornia and Oregon.  '.' I "-V'/ j "»s. ! \
Prices have gradually advanced until jobbers are now paying as
high as $42 a ton for good potatoes. Six months ago better potatoes
were sold in Yakima and Walla Walla valleys at $6 a ton. Local deal
ers believe the recent drought in California is the cause of the shortage
in this State. Onions, which are generally from two to three times as
dear as potatoes, may now be bought at. half the cost of ordinary
"spuds." A considerable quantity of potatoes. was evaporated last fall,
but prices now preclude drying them for shipment even to the golden
Klondike.
GENERALS WHEATON
AND LAWTON ARE
CHASING FILIPINOS
The Enemy in Full Retreat to the
Mountains, Burning Villages
Behind Them.
MANILA, April 12. — General
Wheatort ; started at daylight
• with the Tenth Pennsylvania
and the Second Oregon regi
ments and two guns to drive
the rebels from the American right
flank between the railroad and the foot
hills. He met with slight resistance
near Santa Maria and had one man
wounded, but the enemy bolted when
shelled by the artillery and burned and
abandoned the town of Santa Maria,
where a thousand rebels were reported
to have been concentrated.
During the rest of the day the enemy
was in full retreat toward the moun
tains, burning the villages behind the
retreating force. Occasionally a few of
the rebels dropped to the rear and fired
at the advancing American troops from
the jungle, apparently with the idea
that this would check our advance and
.cover the retreat of the Filipinos. But
finding these tactics ineffectual these
rebels scrambled after the main body.
The American guard along the rail
road has been materially strengthened
and it is not likely the rebels will suc
ceed in getting in the future to as close
quarters as they did yesterday even if
they return from the mountains.
General Wheaton has telegraphed to
Major General Otis saying: "They
would not wait to be killed."
General Lawton is scouring the vicin
ity of Santa Cruz. He finds the rebels
have decamped. He has secured a
gunboat, six launches and two cascoes,
comprising the Filipino fleet. The ves
sels were stuck in the mud of the river
and Major General Otis has sent a
dredge to the spot. .V;
The United States Philippine Com
mission is hearing the leading residents
of various nationalities, priests and
Spaniards, numbers of them appearing
voluntarily, on the subject of the future
of the islands. The questions put to
all are: ; ; .-,
"Do you believe the Filipinos are cap
able of eelf-government In the town
ships?" _
"Do you believe the Filipinos are cap
able of self-government in the prov
inces?" -
"Do you believe the Filipinos are cap
able of self-government in the archipel
ago?"
All those who have been interrogated,
including Filipinos who sympathize
theoretically with independence, have
replied to the third question with re
markable unanimity, in the negative.
Independence, they say, would result
in chaos, endless tribal wars and Eu
ropean intervention. A few of . them
think that provincial self-government
is practical, but most of them favor
self-government in the townships with
a form of American supervision pro
tecting the inhabitants against the
peculations and extortions which their
experience with the Spanish regime has
led to consider the natural requisites of
officialdom.
The commercial classes urge the
sending of detachments -.of American
troops, each numbering about 100 men,
to take, possession of the towns in the
southern provinces and in the Viscaya
Islands, now held by small bands of
Tagallos. They declare the natives find
the Tagallo oppression worse than
Spanish oppression, and they will wel
come the Americans. The case of the
inhabitants of Gubat, in the province
of Sorsogon, Is cited as a typical in
stance. The Spanish taxes amounted
to $18,000., but the rebel Tagallos extort
$112,000 from the people of Gubat.
Agulnaldo's brother-in-law, the pro
vincial Governor, is said to be despoil
ing the people unmercifully. ; ■ - ;
General Luna, who retired from the
command of the Filipino forces and
who was editing a newspaper at San
Francisco del Monte, his retirement
being due to the fact that Fuchinos re
belled at his rigid discipline, has been
recalled to the command. This is taken
as showing that the rebel army is only
kept together by harsh measures.
AGUINALDO SEEKS TO
PROLONG THE STRUGGLE
NEW YORK. April 12— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: It Is
becoming evident to officials of the ad
ministration that the insurrection in
the Philippines is apt to drag along for
a considerable time.
Dispatches received from General
Otis show that the natives retreat when
attacked by the American troops in
force, and the continuance of these
tactics show that Aguinaldo is deter
mined not to give the Americans an
opportunity of crushing his army at
one blow, as is so greatly desired by the
administration.
There is a disposition on the part of
some officers to believe that the at
tack made by the insurgents on General
Wheaton's command was to draw Gen
eral Lawton from the vicinity of Santa
Cruz, where he is operating. It Is ap
parent, however, that they found the
Americans in stronger force than was
expected.
Officials are becoming convinced that
Aguinaldo proposes to maintain a
\ guerrilla warfare which will keen the
: island of Luzon in constant turmoil
, and necessitate the maintenance of a
strong American army there, and the
i approach of the rainy season, now only
j a few weeks distant, will greatly em
barrass the American operations and
will, of course, benefit the insurgent
forces. ,
LATEST LIST OF THE
KILLED AND WOUNDED
" WASHINGTON; April 12.— General Otis
has forwarded the following' casualty list:
.... _, .. ' -y. ,;'. ; KILLED. ; •
Fourteenth Infantry, April 10: ' Com
pany Private J. W. Pitts. ' *
Second Oregon. April 11: Company M—
Private Henry Payne, Private Edward
Hoffmann, Private Joseph Boddey.
Thirteenth Minnesota, April 10: Com
pany Private Amosso Cole; April 11:
Company Private Morris -Beatty.
-WOUNDED.
Hospital corps, April 9: Acting Hospi
tal Steward Bennett Altaman, forearm,
slight, moderate.
Thirteenth Minnesota, April 10: Private
Henry Foss, leg, moderate; April 11: Com
pany E— First Lieutenant Charles Clark,
scalp, slight; A— First Sergeant Eugene.
Sanscom, thumb, moderate; Corporal Hol
den G. Gilbert, hand, slight; I— Corporal
Walter Rvberg, arm. slight: B— Private
W. J. Oble, ear, slight: Private Eugene
A. Harvey, thumb, slight: Private C. J.
Miggeson, back, slight; Private Charles
Packett, hands, slight; Private John J.
Young, hand, severe; H— Private Bjorn
Gislicher, scalp, slight: Private Harry
Anderson, ear, slight; Private Richard
Kelley, forehead, severe; Private Adam
Hotchkiss, thigh, severe.
Fourteenth Infantry, April 10: Company
D— Private William Somers, arm, severe.
Fourth Cavalry, April 11: Troop —
Private Joseph Grabowsky, head, severe.
First North Dakota— Company H—Cor
poral Herman Wolf, foot, moderate.
First Idaho: Company A— Private Ar
thur P. Larson, forearm, severe.
Second Oregon: Company Privates
S. H. Millers, abdomen, severe; Arthur
Sullen, arm, slight.
FILIPINO TIN THUNDER
OF THE HONGKONG JUNTA
HONGKONG, April 12.— The Filipino
Junta here regards the proclamation of
the United States Philippine Commis
sion as being objectionable and has is
sued a "grandiloquent statement to the
effect that it is a "tissue of generali
ties, bristles with Pharisaism and cant,
vaguely promises much and grants
nothing to the Filipinos, who are tired
of promises and surfeited by Spanish
promises similar to the American."
Continuing, the statement reads:
The proclamation proves that the fair
promises of Independence under a pro
tectorate and President McKlnley's dec
laration of the objects of the Spanish
war were only a mask of humanitarian
ism to cover the real intention. The invi
tation of the United States Philippine
Commissioners to' the Filipinos to get
them for an exchange of views is mean
ingless, as during the hostilities the rep
resentative Filipinos are necessarily ab
sent from Manila assisting in the strug
gle for Independence.
The Filipinos continue to resist a -vio
lent and aggressive usurpation, not be
cause they expect a complete victory,
but to emphasize their rights to protest
against a ruthless invasion. ' : ■-■ ■
we emphatically deny that the aims of
the American Government have been mis
interpreted. The proclamation of General
Otis showed those aims clearly. We also
deny the legality ■ of . the sale of sover
eignty over the Philippines by Spain, and
we reiterate positively that the Ameri
cans began the hostilities on February i.
.. ♦ •
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF
FRANCE'S GOOD OFFICES
WASHINGTON, April 12.— 1n ac
knowledgment of the good offices of
the French Government in bringing
about peace, the President has written
the following letter:
DEPARTMENT OF STATE,
WASHINGTON. April 12.
His Excellency, Emile Loubet, President
of the French republic, Paris: On this aus
picious occasion of the consummation of
peace between the United States and
Spain I beg in the name of this Govern
ment and people, and in my own, to ex
press my high appreciation Of the part
filled by the representative of France In
promotion of this happy result. ' In this
kindly office so performed my country
men will see another, link In the amity
that joins the two nations.
William Mckinley.
RIOS TO COOPERATE
WITH GENERAL OTIS
MADRID, April 12.— The Government
has directed General Rios, Spain's prin
cipal commander in the Philippines, to
co-operate with Major General Otis for
the evacuation of Zamboaga and
Zpuilln.
DEMANDS RETURN
OF MINING BOOKS
REDDING, April ' 12.-An interesting
point, and one of wide significance, was
raised in this county to-day by the ap
plication of Waldo Elmore to County Re
corder l.nwden for the return to him of
the. district records of the Flat Creek
mining district. Up to the enactment of
the State mining law of 1897, requiring
district records to be delivered to County
Recorders, Elmore had been a District
Recorder for thirty years. Since. the re
peal of the State mining law he is per
haps the First District Recorder in the
State to apply to have his records re
stored to him. County Recorder Lnwden
referred the applicant to Judge Edward
Sweeny, who directed Elmore to apply to
the Board of Supervisors for a restoration
of the district records. It is doubtful if
the Supervisors order the records
transferred back to the original districts.
Work has been ordered stopped on the
Jackson group of copper claims in the
Backbone district, under bond to New
York capitalists, headed by J. F. Cole
man and represented here by William
Forstner. A debt of $3000 for development
work and supplies incurred by the bond
ers will have to be liquidated before the
owners of the property will permit work
to be resumed. The property consists of
fifteen claims and 400 acres of land.
TO FORM NEW CABINET.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1889, by James Gor-
Bennett.
CORFU, April 12.— M. Zamodas ; has
been elected President of the Chamber
and M. Theotokis will be called to form a
new .Cabinet.
TheZaimis Ministry resigned on April 3
owing to. the election of Premier having
been declared invalid qn account of brib
ery and intimidation.
if. Theotokis was Minister of the In
terior in the Cabinet presided over by M.
Ralli, which was instituted on April 30,
1597. He resigned September 30 of the
same year ana was succeeded by the
Zaimis Cabinet.
Stockton Nominations.
STOCKTON. April 12.-The Democratic
City Convention held here this evening
nominated W. B. Harrison, the present
president of the City Council, for Mayor-
W. F. Stroud for | Councilman at large'
R. R. Reubensteln for Street Superinten
dent; W. E. O'Connor for Assessor: C. F
Walden for Clerk; and H. T. Compton for
Surveyor.
BANDEEN FIRED
IN SELF-DEFENSE
Coroner's Jury Exoner
ates the Rancher.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 12.— A Coro
ner's jury to-night, sitting in the case
of H. H. Pearson, a farm employe
killed yesterday afternoon near Elk
Grove, brought in a verdict that the
deceased came to his death from pistol
shot wounds inflicted by John R. Ban
deen, and expressing the belief that
the shots were fired in self-defense.
After the verdict had been returned
District Attorney Baker authorized the
discharge of Bandeen from custody.
* Bandeen is one of the best-known
farmers in the county. After having
killed his farm hand yesterday after
noon he drove to the home of Under
Sheriff Reese, near* Florin, and sur
rendered himself. - He was driven into
Sacramento by that officer this morn
ing and placed nominally in the charge
of the Sheriff.
According to the story which Ban
deen tells, Pearson had been employed
on his place for five years. He was aii^
ill-tempered man when in liquor, an-JT
one day quarreled with Bandeen's son,
then an invalid, over possession of a
Sunday paper. Pearson went so far
on this occasion as to threaten' the life
of the son and even that of Bandeen
1 himself for his interference. The
; farmer discharged Pearson, but the lat-
I ter returned to the place when the
i Marty brothers leased it. Bandeen still
! retained an interest in the farm, and
S he was working on it yesterday when.
he encountered his former employe.
Bandeen's version of what transpired is
as follows: - '■ •
"Yesterday afternoon at about s
o'clock I was plowing in the vineyard
and Pearson was driving a mowing
machine along the fence in an adjoin
ing field. I had but recently been mak
ing some repairs to the fence, which di
vided the two pieces of land, and had
left some barbed wire near the fence in
I the field in which Pearson was mowing.
1 Pearson drove into this and became
i angry. He left the mowing machine
i standing, and, climbing the fence,
; came over to where I was plowing and
i began to abuse me. I said to him, 'I
Ido not want trouble with you; you go
j your way and I will go mine.' He then
' left and walked around the house.
"I continued plowing and had made
I one round when I came close to the
j ■house. . There was a pile of kindling on
the other side of the house with an ax
i near it. When I came near the house
i Pearson rushed out at me with the ax .
I in his hand. I at once drew my revolve-^
' and when he was close to me I fired.
! He fell down, but I did not wait to pick
him up. Instead, I hitched up and
drove into Gait, where I got a doctor
and sent him out to the ranch. I then
drove into Florin and gave myself up
to Under Sheriff Reese."
HYSTERIA
Is purely a nervous disorder and all the
symptoms are of nervous origin. Hys-
teria can be perfectly and permanently
/—" "S ... cured.: HUDYAN
".. - r - £ _A«_.\ »-''•', • ■•' will, cure.-.hyste-
- '■■ '■'■ ' /x *v " ria ' H UT> YA N
'•',: ,fij2#. •*>& "will relieve ev-
rs »-» A c r y symptom,
y - ■' HUDYAN will re-
*5 V^ store the weak-
ff^l';: "~*. . ened nerves to a
healthy condition
A r- and the symp-
•A J toms will disap-
\ 5 / pear. • HUDYAN
\ / is a vegetable
. J I remedy and has
/ I no bad effect on
/ \ the system. Study
your symptoms carefully. When you have,
done so, use the HUDYAN and then tell *
your friends what it has done for you.
Here Are Your Symptoms :
1-1. FLUTTERING OF THE EYE-
LIDS. HUDYAN will relieve this almost
Immediately.
2-2. TREMBLING OF THE LIPS.
HUDYAN will restore the nerves, to a
healthy condition, and the trembling will
disappear.
3. LUMP IN .THE THROAT. Tha
feeling is as though there was a ball in
the throat. HUDYAN will cause it to
disappear.
4. PALPITATION OF THE HEART.
HUDYAN will strengthen the heart mus-
cle and cause the beats to become strong
and regular.
5. SINKING FEELING IN THE PIT
OF THE STOMACH. It is due to the
action of the- weakened nerves of the
stomach. HUDYAN will strengthen the
nerves, and the sinking feeling will not
recur.
Women, this is for you. Remember that
HUDYAN cures men and women. It will
relieve you of all the, above symptoms and
I you can bo cured. HUDYAN will effect a
| permanent cure. Take HUDYAN now.
I You can get HUDYAN of your druggist
| for 50 cents per package or 6 packages
for $2 W). If your druggist does not keep
; it. send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
COMPANY, San Francisco, California.
You can consult the doctors of the HUD-
YAN REMEDY COMPANY FREE. Cai,-*
on the doctors. If you cannot call, you
may write and advice will be given free.
Address
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton,. Market and EM Sts., .
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Ninety-Nine Times
In a hundred
Eye-Glasses
Are not comfortable because they pinch, or
slip or tilt. Our new clip don't. Can be at-
tached to any old one for 80 cents; cost noth-
ing on a new one. -
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick • repairing.
Phone Main 10.
OPTIC!ANS^ HnT SpHiCAPPARATuS.
«__n _£ W °J. SCIENTIFIC *
> 642 Market St. instruments
ummr Cmo.iici* %»inm-.
DR. MOTLTY.
-THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
a. Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on I'rivate Diseases and I
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20 v'rs* experience, 1
Patients cv red nt Home. Terms reasonable Hours 9 '
to3daily;a3otoB:3fi ??'«*• Sundays, 10 tol2. Consul-
tauon free and sacredly confidential. Call, oraddrew
P. ItOSCOE MfXILTY, M.D.
26'-_ Kearny St., San Francisco. CaLMRS, MURDOCH'S
SECOND VICTORY
Sensation in the Note
Case.
OLD AFFIDAVIT IS PRODUCED
DESCRIBES THE DEAL BETWEEN
THE BROTHERS.
Former Justice of the Peace Kirk
patrick Says William Murdock
Admitted Having- Exe
cuted the Note.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS. April 12.— When the Mur
dock note case was resumed this morn
ing Gawn Murdock, husband of the
plaintiff, was on the stand and his
cross-examination was continued by
General Barnes. He repeated much of
. his testimony of yesterday, giving
A dates and the sums of money given by
Samuel Murdock to William Murdock.
The witness told his story in a simple,
straightforward manner that carried
conviction.
The next witness was T. J. Kirk
patrick, a prominent farmer and a •
brother-in-law of the plaintiff, and it j
was during his examination that the j
lirst genuine surprise or sensation of :
the trial was sprung. Witness testified
that he was Justice of the Peace in
1877 and 1878 in the township in which
<:. W. Murdock and Samuel Murdock I
lived. Samuel Murdock, William Mur- j
dock and himself were very friendly. I
Wit- - was the advise:- of Samuel in j
the latter's lifetime. Two years after
the day of the signing of the note in
question Samuel called on the witness
and said he wanted him to act as
guardian of his grandchildren (the
children of plaintiff) and If anything
should happen to him (Samuel) before
the note came due he wanted witness
to see that the money went to his
grandchildren. In order that Kirk
patrick should be advised as to par
ticulars, Samuel Murdock wished to
make an affidavit, and did swear to the
following:
October 31, 1579. Ollmpo, Colusa County,
California. I, Samuel Murdock will make
. a true statement of the business transac
tions that have existed between myself and
Willi Murdock. both of Colusa County,
, State of California, Postofflce. Kanawa. I I
V began loaning money to said William I
in the year of IS6I or '62. 1 will
not say which, and did continue to loan
to the .said William Murdock my money
until 1877. The first he borrowed from me
was money that was left to me by mi
lather's estate and my brother William
Murdock, who had previously died in
Crizzly Bend, Butte County. I let him
have $4000 the first loan. I then loaned
him the money that I sold my wool and
sheep for from year to year and trusted
to William Murdock to keep the accounts
as I had no education. I think he kept
the books as correct as he could until the
last transaction, the settlement with
Gawn M ird ck. I loaned him $5000 in
April, 1576. and when I made my final set
tlement with Gawn Murdock I loaned Wil
liam Murdjock the $20,000 the sth of Sep
;"' . tcmber, 1877, which was about two years
• atro. I have settled with William Mur
dock and have taken a note from him for
the amount due me, dated September 5,
1577. and made payable to Mary H. Mur
dock for the benefit of my two grand- >
sons. Edmond and Samuel Murdock, and
due twenty years from date,
(his)
SAMUEL X MURDOCK.
(mark)
Siate of California. County of Colusa.
On this the 31st day of October. 1879,
before me, T. J. Kirkpatrick, a Justice of
the Peace In and for Stony Creek Town
ship, Colusa County, personally appeared
Samuel Murdock, known to me to be the
person whose name is subscribed to the
within instrument, and he acknowledged
to me that he executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set
my hand and private seal, having no seal
of office, the day and year in this certifi
cate first above written.
T. J. KIRKPATRICK.
w Justice of the Peace.
This affidavit he showed to William
Murdock, two months after it was
made, and, the reasons for making it
having been explained, William Mur
dock said it was all right.
The introduction of this document,
which looks as "old as it purports to be,
created a sensation.
The witness also testified to having
been present at a conversation between
Samuel and William Murdock in 1878,
at which time William was trying to
induce Samuel to reduce the interest on
the note from 12 per cent to 10 per cent
per annum.
WERE UNABLE TO
ARRIVE AT A VERDICT
JURY IN POOL SELLING CASE
FAILS TO AGREE.
Bookmaker Jones Must Again Be
Tried for Violating the Mu
nicipal Ordinance.
The jury in the case of H. 1,. Jones,
the bookmaker, who was arrested for
violating the pool-selling ordinance, after
deliberating for fully two hours last night,
disagreed and was discharged by Judge
Mogan.
It was afterward learned that at the
outset the jury stood eight to four for
acquittal and later ten to two. Contrary
to his practice Judge Mogan held court
last night for the purpose of disposing of
the case. At the outset the court over
ruled Attorney Ach's objection to the ad-
Ti.ission of testimony on the ground that
the complaint was defective and that the
ordinance had been violated.
Secretary F. H. Green of the Ingleside
track was the first witness introduced.
He testified that a horse named Truxillo
ran In the third race and that the animal
was owned by the defendant. Officer P.
A. Gillen followed and testified that he
was detailed by Captain Wittman to stand
in front of the Stuyvesant Club pool box
and while there a man named Sandusky
pushed his way through the crowd and
handed a. gold piece to Jones and said
Truxillo to win." According to the of
ficer s statement Jones handed Sandusky
a pool ticket and both were immediately
placed under arrest. Officer Burns cor
roborated Gillen.
Prosecuting Attorney Joachimsen then
addressed the jury on the merits of the
case and Mr. Ach followed with a lengthy
.argument In which he asserted that there
was no proof that his client had violated
th. ordinance.
GRAPE-NUTS.
A New Flavor
FOR BREAKFAST
GRAPE-NUTS
Furnishes the carbo-hydrates
in form of Grape-Sugar, val-
uable fpr Athletes, Brain . . .
Workers or Invalids.
AT CROCERS.
WILLIAM A. ARNEILL
WEDS EDITH BONESTELL
VENTURA, April 12.— A notable wed
ding was celebrated In this city this
evening at 7 o'clock at the family
residence of Postmaster and Mrs. C.
D. Bonestell. when their second daughter,
Edith, was united in marriage to William
A. Arneill. Rev. C. B. Rogers, a Presby
terian divine, officiated.
The spacious drawing rooms were elab
orately and artistically decorated, with
white, pink and yellow as the prevailing
colors. In the front parlor there was a
profusion of white and pink roses, Chero
kee roses and white carnations, while the
walls were draped with asparagus ferns.
The archway entrance from the second
parlor was draped with tennis netting in
tertwined with bride roses and ferns. This
second parlor was decorated in a like
SLOAN IN FRONT
IN TWO EVENTS
Wodditon Stakes Won
by Sibola.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 12.— At the second day's
races of the Newmarket meeting to-day
Velo, the property of Leopold de Roths
child, won the Babraham plate. Too.
Sloan rode Lord Ellesmere's colt. Ultima
tum, but was unplaced. The betting was
7 to 2 against Ultimatum. This race is a
welter handicap of 500 sovereigns for
three-year-olds and upward. Eight horses
ran over the last mile and a half of the
Czarowitz course.
The Wodditon stakes was won by Lord
William Beresford's bay filly Sibola, with
Sloan up. Eleven horses ran. and the
betting was 11 to 10 against Sibola.
The two-year-old plate was won by
Styria, ridden by Sloan. Eight horses
ran and the betting was 9 to 4 on Styria.
J. S. Curtis' Star of Hanover, recently
imported from the United States, won a
maiden two-year-old event. This event is
of 100 sovereigns, added to a sweepstake
of 5 sovereigns each for starters, those
entered to be sold by auction for 300 sov
ereigns. The betting was 10 to 1 against
Mr. Curtis' entry.
An all aged stake was won by Sweet
Story. Tovaros finished second and Shep
perton ridden by Sloan, came in third
in a field of twelve horses. The betting
was 5 to 1 against Shcpperton.
RACES AT THE EAST.
Horses That Led Their Fields Past
the Judges.
CINCINNATI, April Weather at
Newport fine; track fast.
Five and a half furlongs, Dolly Weith
off won. Our Gertie second, Bertha Nell
third. Time, 1:08_. -
Four and a half furlongs, Miss Dede
won, J. Lucille second, Honewood third.
Time, :56',£. ,-- :
Mile and a sixteenth, selling, Molo won,
Prince Zeo second, Banquo II third.
Time, 1:501,4.
One mile. The Dragon won, Finlan sec
ond, Volandies third. Time. 1:44%.
Six furlongs, selling, Violet Parsons
won. Yours Truly second, Lela Murray
third. Time, 1:16%.
Six furlongs, selling. Shuttlecock won,
Manzanilla second, Nellie Prince third.
Time, 1:15%.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— Results at
Bennings:
Five furlongs, seling, Avoca won. Tyri
an second. Red Gidd third. Time. 1:02 3-5.
Six furlongs, Deceptive won, Buxton
second. Prosaic third. Time, 1:16 2-5.
Federal stakes, three-year-olds, thir
teen-sixteenths of a mile, Roysterer won,
Althea second, Boney Boy third. Time,
1:22.
Half mile. Prestidigitator won, Mono
metallist second, Nabooklish third. Time,
:50 2-5.
One and a sixteenth miles. Imp won,
Alice Farley second, Double Dummy
third. Time, 1:50 3-5.
MEMPHIS, April Results at Mont
gomery Park:
Six furlongs, selling, The Driver won,
Free Hand second, Borden third. Time,
1:16%.
Half mile, Kentucky won. Armor sec
ond. Bonnlvard third. Time, :50%.
Mile and seventy yards, Sailor King
won. Crockett second, Mlllstream third.
Time, 1:48.
Six furlongs, Tennessee Club purse,
Hobart won, The Kentucklan second, Be
True third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, selling, hurdles, Udah won,
Florida Rose second, Bellamy third.
Time; 1:51%. »
Six furlongs. Meddler won, McAlbert
second, Czarowitz third. Time. 1:16%.
ALL RULINGS FAVOR
GOVERNOR SADLER
CARSON, Nev., April 12.— Su
preme Court to-day rendered a decision
in the case of McMillan vs. Sadler in
the gubernatorial contest. McMillan's
demurrer to Sadler's answer, on the
ground that it "did not state facts suf
ficient to constitute a defense," is over
ruled. The second demurrer, on the
ground that the answer "was not a
sufficient denial of the allegations of
said information," is overruled. THe de
murrer to subdivisions of the an
swer, 9 to 29, inclusive, upon the
grounds named in the third specifica
tion of the demurrer, is overruled. This
I related to Sadler's allegations having
I been made on information and belief.
'< The demurrer to subdivision 23 of the
answer, specification 4 of the demurrer,
lis overruled for the present. This re
lates to the Reno vote, and the legality
of that vote will be passed upon on a
further trial of the case. The demurrer
to defendant's allegation regarding the
legality of the Storey County vote is
sustained in part. This relates to Con
, boles' name. The demurrer to the de
fendant's answer relating to illegal
I registration of 300 names in Reno by
j persons other than the registry agents
j is overruled for the present.
These rulings give Sadler's attorneys
all they want In the shape of vantage
ground in the trial and practically give
them the case.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
manner. The archway leading from the
library was draped similarly to the first,
though the netting intertwined with yel
low roses.
At 7 o'clock Rollins' orchestra struck up
the bridal chorus from "Lohengrin." At
the same moment the bride, on her fath
er's arm and preceded by the maid of
honor, Miss Margaret Bonestell, entered
from the dining room. Simultaneously
the groom, accompanied by the best man,
Alonzo Bonestell. and the clergyman, en
tered from the library. Both approached
the bower in the front bay window, where
the ceremony was performed in the pres
ence of immediate relatives and intimate
friends, numbering forty-five.
During the ceremony the orchestra
played "My Own." A wedding supper
was served at 8 o'clock. From 9 to 11
o'clock a reception was held, which some
seventy-five additional friends attended.
The bride was gowned in white mousse
SPANISH PARTY
FORMED IN CORA
Headed by the Marquis
de Arguelles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, April 12. Marquis de Re
bell announces the formation of a
Spanish party in Cuba under the hon
orary presidency of Marquis de Ar
guelles, the richest man on the island;
I and the probable future representative
lof Spain here, although not yet offi
\ cially accredited. About thirty promi
i nent Spaniards, in and out of Havana,
were called into conference. The an
nexation of Cuba to the United States
is the unanimous desire of these gen
tlemen, although no reference is made
to this in their general address to th_e
Spaniards in Cuba, as they regard it
inexpedient to agitate the question just
now and thereby cause still greater po
litical unrest.
The address of the new party, which
is signed by Marquis de Rebell, is en
tirely devoid of political references and
simply announces the fact of organiza
tion and the election of officers, all of
whom are men of prominence.
It asserts, however, as the controlling
feature of the party's programme, a de
sire to promote the peace and prosper
ity of Cuba, to which the members of
the party are "bound by the most sa
cred ties," and it earnestly advises all
Spaniards here to act nobly together
in upholding the honor, dignity and
traditions of Spain.
ARBITRATORS NOT YET
NEAR A SETTLEMENT
Value of the Los Angeles Water
Plant Has Not Come Up
For Consideration.
LOS ANGELES, April 12.— The board
of arbitrators that has In hand the
mass of evidence submitted by the city
of Los Angeles and the water company
is deep in the perplexities of the situa
tion. The question of determining the
value of the water plant has not come
up for settlement. James C. Kays, who
is the city's arbitrator, said to-day this
phase would be reached in a few days,
and a decision upon the value of the
plant would follow within a short time.
The opinion of the few who have fol
lowed the negotiations is that no such
agreement as Kays hopes for will be
reached. This view is based upon the
alleged fact that Captain Healy, the
water company's member of the board,
was made a member for the express
purpose of compelling an agreement
satisfactory to the water company or
preventing arbitration entirely.
Whether an agreement by Colonel
Mendell and Kays as against Captain
Healy would be binding upon the
water company is a point upon which
lawyers differ. Such a result would
mean another lawsuit, to be taken
through all the courts of the State.
What the arbitration will cost the
city cannot be figured out. Kays was
appointed as the city's arbitrator on
July 27 last. The prediction was then
made that the pending proceedings
would end in sixty days. Kays is paid
$25 every day he is actually employed.
His bill has never been presented to
the city. At full rates ever since his
appointment the city would~be in debt
to Kays not far from $4500.
The lawyers have nearly given up
hope of ever receiving a decision from
the Supreme Court in the headworks
case. The issue has been with the
court for nearly eighteen months. It
was resubmitted in November last. A
decision in February was then prom
ised. Jt is now said the result may be
looked for next week, when the court
will be in session in Los Angeles.
Colonel Mendell . of San Francisco
gives it as his opinion that an agree
ment will be reached within two weeks.
HUNTINGTON OWNS THE
GUATEMALA NORTHERN
NEW ORLEANS, April 12.— Mr. de
Hamm, auditor of the Guatemala
Northern Railroad, who reached here
to-day, anndunces th_#t the Huntington
deal for the purchase of the railroad
has been completed, and Mr. Hunting
ton is now the owner of the road. The
break in the line will be completed in
six months, at which time the Pacific
Mail steamers now running to Panama
and connecting with the Panama rail
road, will run instead to San Jose, the
western terminus of the Guatemala
railroad, and do all their business there.
lame de soie over a white silk train. The
veil was fastened with natural orange
blossoms. She carried a bouquet of bride
roses and ferns. Miss Margaret Bonestell,
the brldesmand, wore white organdie over
yellow 'taffeta. There were innumerable
presents, their value exceeding $6000.
Mr. and Mrs. Arneill will leave to-mor
row for a visit in San Francisco a"nd tour
of Northern California, They will be at
home to friends at their country residence
at Raemere after July 1.
The bride during the past several years
has been a leading society lady and one
of the belles of this city. She is especially
well known in musical circles. She also
is a prominent Native Daughter, and her
sister, Mrs. Cora Sifford, is the vice presi
dent of Native Daughters' Grand Parlor.
Her father is a pioneer of '49 and well
known in El Dorado County and through
out Northern California, The groom has
large landed interests in this county.
PORTER MAY TAKE
ALGER'S POSITION
In That Event Wtytelaw Reid
Would Become Embassador
to praoce.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: It is confidently expected by several members of the
administration that the President, as soon as he succeeds in forcing the
retirement of Secretary Alger, will appoint Embassador Porter to the
head of the War Department and Whitelaw Reid to the Paris mission.
The President's strongest political advisers continue to insist upon
Secretary Alger's dismissal from the Cabinet if he will not go voluntar
ily, and the President, it is believed, will not hold out against this pres
sure much longer. It is known the President would like to have a New
York man at the head of the War Department, and that he considers
Mr. Porter admirably equipped for the reorganization of the army and
for wiping out the plague of Algerism which infests the War Depart
ment. It is also known that he is anxious to provide an important for
eign mission for Mr. Reid.
Senator Piatt is so anxious, for party reasons, to have Mr. Alger un
saddled from the administration before the next campaign that he
would, it is now believed, waive all opposition to Mr. Reid.
REFUSES TO PROSECUTE
JAMES P. TREADWELL
Because of Her Sudden Change of
Heart Georgie Woods Is Ar
rested for Vagrancy.
SAN JOSE, April 12.— There was a sen
sational turn to the damage, criminal and
misdemeanor suits against James P.
Treadwell, the young capitalist, this morn
ing and all three will be dismissed.
Georgie Dunn, alias Georgie Woods, who
figured as plaintiff in the litigation, re
fuses to prosecute, and because of this she
was arrested on a charge of vagrancy and
made defendant in a suit for $1200 attorney
fees alleged to be due for services in her
$25,000 damage suit against Treadwell.
Later in the day she charged Treadwell
with battery on her on February 13 and
he pleaded guilty and paid $100 fine as an
alternative to serving 100 days in jail. The
Dunn woman has also given him a satis
faction in full for the $25,000 damages de
manded for a beating he gave her and has
signified her intention to have the charge
of Intent to murder against Treadwell dis
missed. These two young people are now
participants in a love feast and left the
city together this afternoon, and It is
said their ultimate destination is beyond
the limits of the State. It is said Tread
well has given her a few hundred dollars
and promised her an extended pleasure
tour along the coast.
This compromise rankled Attorneys
Herrlngton and O'Neil. and as they saw
their contingent fee of one-third of the
$25,000 demanded as damages disappearing
they resolved to take heroic measures. At
3 o'clock this morning they awakened a
deputy county clerk and filed a suit in
the name of George Sheddy against Geor
gie Dunn to recover $1200 alleged to be due
as attorney fees. A warrant was also ob
tained from Justice Jones at Mtlpitas
charging Georgie Dunn with vagrancy.
The woman was located in the Lamolle
House and the door of the room broken
in. She was arrested for vagrancy and
taken to the County Jail. At the same
time she was served with papers In the
suit for attorney fees. A garnishment was
served on the Safe Deposit Bank, where
it is said the woman has money and jew
elry amounting to $2000 deposited. She was
taken before Justice Rosenthal, after
spending several hours in jail, and re
leased on $20 ball on the charge of va
grancy, which had been sworn to by W.
A. Malley.
KANSANS ENRAGED.
Connecticut Legislative Bill Stirs Up
a Commotion.
TOPEKA, Kans., April 12.— There is
pending before a committee of the
Connecticut Legislature a bill to pro
hibit banks of that State from Invest
ing in Kansas State bonds. Governor
Stanley, when apprised of this fact to
day, wired the committee that Kansas
would resist such discrimination. He
then sent for Superintendent of Insur
ance Church and the two had a long
conference. They decided to adopt re
taliatory measures. Should Connecticut
pass such a law y Superintendent
Church threatens to prohibit all the
insurance companies of that State do
ing business in Kansas. There are
twelve of these companies, and they do
an immense business in this State.
* BRER RABBIT, *
& "Born an' Bred in the "Briar 8
# Begins His Further Adventures £
8 Under 8
" Joel Chandler Harris' Guidance ®
® In Next Sunday's Call. ~
DECIDES TO LAY
A PACIFIC CARLE
Action Taken by Ottawa
Government.
ALL DETAILS AGREED UPON
LINE WILL TOUCH FIRST AT
FANNING ISLAND.
Starting at Vancouver, It Will
Branch Out in the South Seas
and Reach Australia and
New Zealand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 12—
special dispatch from Ottawa, received
here to-night, states definitely that a
Pacific cable will be laid from this port
to Fanning Island, and thence on to
Australasia. This gigantic enterprise
was considered at a Government cau
cus to-day, when it was decided to
start work on it this summer. Follow
ing are the particulars as contained in
the dispatch:
The cable is to be ' laid from Van
couver to Fanning Island, a mid-ocean
station, and branch out thence to Nor
folk Island, one branch going to_Aus
tralia and the other to New Zealand.
The total distance is 8200 miles. The
longest stretch is from Vancouver to
Fanning Island. It will cost $7,500,000.
Another $1,000,000 will be required for
repair steamers. The maintenance of
the first year's contingencies revenue
is calculated on a basis of 2% per cent
interest and a sinking fund of $725,000.
The cost of construction is divided
thus: The Australasian colonies, eight
eighteenths; Great Britain and Canada,
AMERICAN HANDICAP
SHOOT UNDER WAY
Only One of the Limit Mark Men Suc
ceeds in Killing Nine Straight
Birds.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Grand
American Handicap shoot at live birds
was begun this morning at the Elk
wood Park grounds, near Long Branch,
N. J. Including post entries the list
was made up of 279 names and only
sixteen men failed to appear. Of the
266 men six were placed on the limit
mark, thirty-one yards, by the handi
cap committee and the others, including
three women, were placed on marks
down as low as twenty-five yards.
Of the six men who were put on the
limit mark only one, James A. R. El
liott of .Kansas City, held his own by
killing nine straight. The other five
who failed to make a clean score were
R. O. Heikes, Dayton, O.; G. S. McAl
pin, New York; Fred Gilbert, Spirit
Lake, la.; Dr. W. L. Carver, Chicago,
and Captain J. L. Brewer, New York.
Of the three women contestants Mrs.
P. H. Murray, Stillwater, Minn., and
Mrs. W. C. Shattuck of Minneapolis
killed eight out of their first nine birds.
Mrs. M. E. Lindsay, the other woman
contestant, who shoots under the name
of "Wanda," was not quite so lucky,
as she missed her second, eighth and
ninth birds.-
Following is a list of the high men:
F. P. Puck, H. Dunn, Bucklin, Sump
ter, Shuler, Marshall, Snell, Hutchings,
Dr. Shaw, J. W. Budd, Wagner, Nau
man, Hoffman, "Sporting Life No. 3,"
Hickman, Dr. Fallis, George, Milner,
Milly, M. Hicks, Colonel Anthony,
Schertmeyer, Dupee, Kiibourne, Voris,
Lane, Miller, Trumbauer, Jackson,
Knowlton, Van Allen, Chase, Hess, W.
W. Dunnell, Carter, Leflingwell, Ed
Johnson, "Dallas," Mills, Gay, Bar
roughs, Post, Woolley, Fisher, O. Z.
Werg, Sperry, Captain Bunk, Kirkover,
Doty, Denny, Bramhall, J. A. R. El
liott, Grim, Young, Bryan, Williamson,
Stubener, Cockriel, Gottlieb, "Leroy,"
Roll, Lendsley, Kussud.
BRUTALITY OF MEN
ON YUKON RIVER
Ignore the Appeals of an Old Man
Found Dying on the Ice
Trail.
" PORT TOWNSEND, April 12.— The
steamer Farallon arrived from Alaska
to-night bringing a large number of
passengers, some of whom were direct
from Dawson and Atlin. Among those
arriving from Dawson were the Miller
brothers, who left Dawson the latter
part of March. They say the ice Is
breaking so that travel up the river
is hazardous. They report the death
of an old man who was returning from
Dawson. He broke through the ice and
his feet were frozen. .. Parties coming
out were hailed for assistance, which
they refused to give, saying they had
no time to spare. The unfortunate man
was afterward found by the Canadian
police, but before medical aid could be
obtained he died. The police arrested
the out-coming men, but from lack of
evidence they were discharged.
Parties who were taking horses in
lost several animals by the breaking
of the ice between Lake Lebarge and
Lake Marsh. -
The Farallon brought down between
250 and 300 ounces of gold from Helen
Bay mines, about eighty miles south
of WrangeL '
five eighteenths each. Canada's re
sponsibility to be about $2,000,000.
On the foregoing basis the Govern
ment decided to enter upon the scheme
and it will, within two weeks, introduce
a measure in Parliament to authorize
its participation in the cost to that
proportion. The control of the cable
will be vested in the Governments in
terested, which will be represented on
the international commission of man
agement in the proportion of their sev
eral contributions. As the Australian
colonies and the Imperial Government
have tacitly agreed to undertake the
project on the terms which Canada has
decided to comply with, the construc
tion of the cable is thus practically as
sured, and work will be begun the
coming summer.
TORONTO, Ont., April 12.— A special
to the Globe from Ottawa says that
within a fortnight a bill will be intro
duced in ' the House of Commons to
provide for the/laying of a fable con
necting Canada with the Australian
colonies and providing for the Govern
ment supplying funds equivalent to
five-eighteenths of the cost of construe
tion as soon as Great Britain signifies
its readiness to provide a like sum and
the Australian colonies contribute
eight-eighteenths of the cost. This
action is already assured. The control
of the cable is to be vested in a com
mission to be appointed by the imperial
Government, each contributing colony
nominating representatives on the
commission in proportion to the amount
contributed. _____
BEEF INQUIRY IS
NEARING CONCLUSION
Generals Chaffee and Arnold Tell of
the Meat Supplied in the San
tiago Campaign.
WASHINGTON, April Generals
Adna R. Chaffee and A. R. Arnold, Dr.
Huidekopper and Captain Williams of the
Commissary Department were before the
court of inquiry to-day.
General Chaffee said that while he con
sidered the refrigerator beef supplied to
the army at Santiago wholesome the offi
cers and men of his command refused
generally to eat it. He attributed this
largely to the fact that most of them
were sick.
Dr. Huidekopper said the canned beef
was generally of poor quality.
Captain Williams told of the condemna
tion of the beef on board the transport
Panama.
General Arnold's testimony dealt with
the beef suplled at Jacksonville, which
was, he said, generally wholesome.
Members of the court express confidence
of being able to conclude the taking of
testimony by the early part of next week.
There will not be much delay after that in
the preparation of the report.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happlness, success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHER 6 FAIL REMEMBER
fz ____s^_ 2
*"" m \ to
L_J <! W&L *&£*> A_r>ff C Tl
a: Li m _i I H m
* . __*«__3^_#_ft -
o °
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years* Experience),
Offices at 73 1 Market St., San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the future, as they have In the past,
from the ablest and most successful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fail because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HEBE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks, Merchants and
Business Men in the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
reputation for
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY tending ailments^.
YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN.
The awful effects of neglected or improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of the
body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
* tress'ing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
I special treatment will cure you, no matter who
I or what has failed. *
' WEA_ M£N *»■* vl * or and vitality re-
flLHlX IflfuHi stored to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or
' shrunken through diseases, overwork, excesses
lor indiscretions are restored to full power,
I strength and vigor by his successful system of
treatment.
i DMPTIIRP Cured by his new method without
nUrlUnLuse of knife or detention from
work— a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VARIPfIPFI F Hydrocele, swelling and ten-
VHniUUU-LL derness of the glands treat- i
ed with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON y? s » !
eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly I
cured and every trace of the, poison eradicated
from the system forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES, SK&gS dI . 8 ;
which, if neglected or improperly treated,
break down the system and cause kidney dis-
ease, etc.. permanently cured.
PI FPTRIPITY Static, Galvanic and Fa-
LLLUiniUll I I radio Electricity scientifi-
cally used and nr>iiied in all its modern forms
in conjunction with special medical treatment
In all cases where it can be of benefit.
• IA/piTC If you cannot call at his office, fully
If ill I describing your symptoms and you
will receive In plain envelope a scientific and
honest opinion of your case and a book of
valuable information free of charge.
Office hours, p a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to . p. m. Call at
office or address
F.L.SWEANY.M D..737 Market St., San Francisco, Cai
Ask Your* IffS^sf £_.v'j* > «KjM
Druggist | BK f4 MBAU^9
for a generous B§^^SiM
TRIAL SIZE. Mfiij
Ely's Cream Balm |£^/ Z^BM
.*. CATARRH. K!fe§l|^
Cream Balm Is placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief Is
immediate and a cure follows. it is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large size, "aOc;
at druggists or by mail: trial size, 10c, by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New York.
f__Hß_B__ng_a _Baaa_Bß b______h
Ask for, and obtain only f
\BtWWNIS Bronchial
OBWUWWiV & TrOCheO of Boston I
which have received the sanction of phy- I
sicians generally, and testimonials from _
fl eminent men throughout the world.
I The Genuine has the
Fac-Simile __ _^ / v* . * on every I
Signature of f^4/^>u4^ box - 1
'■'■^"i'lirriiw^r^/nrfiWv^-iiiin^iiiiiVTnrMrn
Q Visit OR. JORDAN 3«™
ifSgi Museum of Anatomy
«P__l 1051 mUT ST. bot. Gth & 7t_, S.T.CftL
£' S fi Tile Largest of its in the World.
Bffli_\ DR - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
JjWjl |L Conanltation fre«. Write for B«ek
\i I of Marriagt.
■ * " MAILED FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
--•— Flowers are the poetry of
' £ "^^the earth; babies the son-
gs'- •;snets of humanity. Banish
r-/_Aft^ c smiles, the dimples
__r _tiW_M_>__. an<^ tlie laughter
(—^^____K_J9f^^S^~\oi childhood and
•^- a^jS^^B^^SQffl_-^q» the world would
become a barren
/ is_Y_^*'^ wilderness, in-
Wl ¥T habited by savages.
J||J^» Woman's ultimate
_^CjßpJ mission, duty and joy
_^S2?^p««g*W on earth are com-
>gJ^^ prised in the one
MySS* l word, "Mother-
_______\ hood." Multitudes
__^^PIL of women fail of this
Tr^^ t*t_«g— mission because of
rffijSg^. fl weakness and disease
f/ iPSi^Ls^-^ of the distinctly femi-
/> —^""'^V^vvVk nine organism. They
V-»»_____» do uot understand
, " that disorders of this
description unfit them for wifehood and
motherhood, and as a consequence are
careless and neglectful of their health in
a womanly way. Others who realize the
truth, shrink from the examinations " and
"local treatments" insisted upon by the
average physician. Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription does away with the necessity
for these obnoxious examinations and local
treatments. It acts directly and only on
the delicate and important organs that are
the vestibule of human life and makes
them strong, healthy, vigorous, virile and
elastic. It fits for wifehood and mother-
hood. It banishes the annoyances of the
uncomfortable period preceding maternity
and makes baby's arrival in the world easy
and nearly painless. All the dangers of
maternity vanish under its beneficent in-
fluence. Its use during the period of an-
ticipation is a guarantee of the little stran-
ger's health and an ample supply of natural
nourishment. Thousands 01 women have
testified to its marvelous merits. All med-
icine stores sell it. Accept no substitute,
that may be represented as "just as good."
"For ten years I suffered untold misery,"
writes Mrs. Carline King, of New Boston, Sci-
oto Co., Ohio. "I then took Dr. Pierces Favor-
ite Prescription and eleven months later pre-
sented my husband with a twelve-pound boy.
My health is good."
Over a thousand pages of sound medical
advice absolutely free. Send 21 one-cent
stamps, to cover mailing only, for a paper-
covered copy of Dr. Pierces Common
Sense Medical Adviser. Cloth-bound 31
stamps. Address, World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
__■ ■»
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from Ban Francisco
via Hopland, $8; via Calistoga, 59.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIO,
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL, or sea
L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post st., San Francisco.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRfNGS
Sonoma County: only 4V_ hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages ■ round trip from San Francisco only
$5 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
p m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULOREW, Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
3% hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest ' hall and dining room in Santa Cruz
Mts ' club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address W. E. VEAZIE, Lessee, South Ben
Lomond. !
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Th© Best In the \A/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round Sulphur, Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURBS
of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
sis Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms, $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
Calistoga. J. A. HAYS, Prop.
Cares end
at" o
>Etna Springs
Two trains daily— a. m.. 4 p. m.
round trip $7. includes private carriage
to. springs. W. L. MITCHELL, Mgr.,
Aetna Springs, Napa County. Cai.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range. _i : ' V,
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, flne stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
THE KOYA RETREAT _£? __£ m,,e '
Mineral water; flne hunting: finest climate
In California; magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit; summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all th *
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87.
Gilroy.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also in new cottages. Just
completed.
/vires. /_. T. yviooreE.
BELVEDERE.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick, Siskiyou County. Cai.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS., Proprietors. _____
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
j excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
! passed; flne fishing and hunting; stage dally
'■ from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER, Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
SAMU-L SODA SPRING*.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cai. Sure
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs are located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains Its own natural caa.
Sims* lsivcs St. Helens.
56
• ■ — *-________
THURSDAY APRIL 13. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. -.-.--.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
. [CATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. F.
Telephone Main ISM.
EDITORIAL ROOM*: 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main I*7*.
DELIVERED FY CARRIERS, in CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, B cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year.... fO.OO
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 m0nth5........ a.OO
DAILY CALL including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ' «3e
BUNDAT CALL One Year 1.00
WEEKLY CALL. On» Year I'.OO
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative. .
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 367 Hayes street. open until
P3O o'clocK- 021 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clocK. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK;
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £29! MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh.
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1605 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
s.s«ujt<y streets, open until 9 o'clock. :.,.-.:.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Robin Hood."
Grand Opera Huuse— "Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Humbug."
Tivoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks." •-' . •
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. '. .. "■ ;. . . ■'.': ..'.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Grand Opera House— Saver Recitals. Wednesday afternoon, •
April 19.
Central Park— The Steeplechase. -- ; --'"'V.'
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay. '
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures. Monday. April 17.---'
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— day, at 2 and 8 p. m.. at 39
Geary st., Chinese and Japanese goods.
By A. W. :. lerback— This day, at 10:30 a. m. and. 2:30.. p.
m.. at 125 Geary St.. Rugs. ;
By F. W. Held— This day, at 11 o'clock. Oak Chairs
and Rockers, at- Folsom street, near Beale.
QUESTIONS OF TAXATION.
NOTWITHSTANDING tbe.unequaled commer
\ cial and-4. nancial prosperity of last year, if the
debit and the -credit items of the war with Spain
were finally adjusted its cost would aggregate a bil
lion dollars, a heavy load for the people to bear. ;
It is evident that there can be no immediate re
duction of the taxes paid to the Federal Government,
but that, on the contrary, new methods of increasing
revenue will have to be devised. The imposition of
stamp duties was originally adopted as a war meas
ure, and it was natural to resort to a temporary re
vival of the system when extraordinary demands for
money had to be promptly met.
But stamp taxes have never been regarded as part
of our permanent revenue system, and there is a
strong current if public opinion throughout the na
tion in favor of a scientific fiscal revision. Now that
peace has been declared there will be a vigorous de
mand* for some less cumbersome mode of meeting
our increased liabilities. ',
Questions of taxation should never be politically
considered nor enter into party strategy unless, as in
the case of duties upon* imports, they Involve prin
ciples upon which the people are divided. In order
i •■'■■■■ ; -■■■■■-.
to bring our revenue system into harmony with pub
lic necessities and with the most advanced practical
ideas' a commission should be formed of thoroughly
able and competent men, to whom the problem should
be submitted and by whom it should be fully and im
partially considered, with reference to the delicate
and embarrassing complexities it includes.
Professor Henry C. Adams, the statistician of the
Interstate Commerce Commission, has contributed a
strong and clearly phrased paper to the discussion of
this important subject, in which he vigorously ad
vocates the Federal taxation of the earnings of rail
roads. He argues that the result of this method of
increasing the revenue would be the more systematic
and complete investigation of railroad business
through a central bureau, so that a simple basis of
assessment would be accurately ascertained that
could be adopted by the States as well as by the Federal
Government, and that in this way the complications
and discordances of the present methods of taxation
in different States might be simplified and reconciled
and uniformity, simplicity and certainty 'secured to an
extent that would be equally satisfactory to the rail
roads and the people.
There is much plausibility in the proposition that
in the case of railroads not the plant but the earnings
are the just basis of taxation. But there are many
objections to the. plan of Professor Adams, not the
least of which is the almost inevitable loss of revenue
to the States that would result from its adoption.
Taking the aggregate property of the country to rep
resent eighty billions of dollars and the aggregate
average expenditures of. Government, embracing all
its forrr«, in times of peace, at one billion, the rate
of taxation i- one and a quarter per cent. But the
."mount annually paid by the railroad companies, as
shown by Professor Adams, approximates forty-three
millions, "which, estimated on the balance sheet as
sets, shows a rate of taxation of less than four mills."
Upon any calculation having the elements of probabil
ity this rate cannot be enlarged beyond six mills.
It is clear, therefore, that railroad .property, as
compared with other forms of wealth, is relieved
from fully half of its proportionate share of the fiscal
burdens. The necessity and the propriety, therefore,
of a revision that would aid in removing this inequal
ity is obvious. The revision, however, should- ex
tend to the entire Federal system, exclusive of cus
toms duties, and, if possible, should be so directed as
at least to tend toward greater uniformity in the State
methods of taxation. .
San Francisco .may be the field of conflict between
C. P. Huntington and the Vanderbilts. These gentle
men have met before in more than one gigantic bat
tle of wealth, but they may meet again when con
ditions are less to the liking of Huntington than they
were before;- -' -'
Great heavens! .Count yon Bulow has decided to
allow the airing of the Samoan affair in the Reich
stag. It will have a distinct flavor of limburger when
!;CS.
Dr. Bra of Paris, who has definitely located the mi
crobe of cancer, would confer a great favor on the
whole world by discovering "what's eatin' " the
French generals in the Dreyfus case.
Governor Gage on numerous recent occasions has
exposed his hand to the people of California. It re
quires no palmist to read political death in its lines.
ONCE more The Call has demonstrated the superiority of its news service over that
of any or all of its competitors. It was the only paper in the world to publish
yesterday morning in its first edition the full and correct story of the affray in
the Samoan Islands in which two American and one British officer and four marines were
killed.
This is not the first time The Call has forestalled its competitors in giving news of
important events in Samoa. On January 18 of this year it was first to inform the world ,
that Chief Justice Chambers had decided the issue of the succession to old Malietoa in
favor of Malietoa Tanu,. and that Mataafa's. followers had broken out into active hostility
against the new chief. That news of an event which led up to the present crisis was pub
lished exclusively by The Call on the date named, not another paper in the world having
even a rumor of it.
The Call was enabled to give the news in advance of all other papers by reason of
the excellence of its widespread and well organized news service. Cable dispatches from.
Auckland are costly, but The Call, which has not a dollar to waste on. fakes or Creelmans,
spares no expense in 'legitimate news gathering, and thus furnishes the public with not
only the most reliable but the promptest reports of events in all parts of the world. ."
The difference between legitimate journalism and fake journalism was shown by
the contrast between the early and full report of the, news in The Call with the late and
jumbled reports given in extra editions of the Examiner. ; ; :
While the full report from Auckland was in every copy of The Call issued yester
day morning, so that every reader had the benefit of the news; the first edition of the Ex
aminer had nothing of the story whatever. Thus the v people in districts outside of the
city and many of those within it learned nothing of the Samoan news from that paper.
Later on, and after The Call with the full account was on . the streets, ~ the - Examiner,
issued a second edition, containing a jumbled report which was said to be based upon
I rumors in circulation at Washington City.
By that time The Call's news had gone East over the wires, and it was doubtless
a garbled summary of that report which furnished the basis for the Examiner's version.
It is worth noting that in giving the rumor from the East the Examiner did not pretend
to know the circumstances under which the officers were killed, but said: "If they were
on the American. cruiser at the time it would lead to the supposition that there had been
j some "conflict with another war vessel, but the desired information cannot at this moment
I be obtained."
At the time the Examiner was getting ready to assure its second edition readers
that information on the subject could not be obtained, the patrons of The Call were read
ing it at their breakfast table. It is true that later in the day the Examiner issued an
extra in time to give the news in advance of the evening papers which are now becom- 1
ing its rivals, but in order to obtain the extras the public had to pay. The Call had given !
the news not only with promptness,- but without "extra" charge to its readers.
SUPPRESSION NEEDED OLL GROUND.
IT is not improper to remark, apropos of the dis
turbance in the Police Department, that the peo
ple of San Francisco take a cheerful view of the
situation. Their aspirations are based upon the hope
that after Chief Lees and his lieutenants have suc
ceeded in suppressing themselves, they will proceed
seriously to the work of suppressing gambling, not
only in Chinatown, but in Caucasiantown. Gambling
cf all kinds is carried on in the latter region in de
fiance of law. Not many weeks ago we published a
list cf faro and crap games in operation. If this pub
lication attracted the attention of the Police Depart
ment no one has discovered the fact, aside from the
officers who were detailed to make the regulation
raids upon Caucasiantown, which never result in
anything except dust.
Doubtless there is need of a thorough investiga
tion in Chinatown. That region has long been a can
cer upon the face of the city, and the fact that it has
cost a large number of sergeants and lieutenants their
positions on the police force is attesting evidence that
as a corrupter of policemen it stands without a peer
in the records of the town. But. notwithstanding
hi-s. the Police' Commissioners should take nothing
for .granted. Lieutenant Price may have been giving
the Chinese gamblers protection in consideration of
concessions from them, but the charge should be
proved before he is either dismissed or removed. In
no event should the Commissioners make a change
in the administration of Chinatown without improv
ing its moral character. A mere shuffling of masters
will make no difference to the Chinese gamblers.
They would as soon pay tribute to Brown, Smith or
Robinson as to Price. What the Chinese quarter
wants is a lieutenant possessed of integrity who will
administer the law without fear or favor and entirely
irrespective of political pulls.
The history of "Chinatown squads" shows that
there is always at the bottom of corruption a politi
cian or two. Little Pete used to connect the gam
blers and highbinders directly with the political
bosses, and the "rake-offs" which he demanded were
paid in person to the "blind white devil," or other
white devils who were no^ blind, but who were able
to include in their contract not only police protection
in Chinatown, but protection in the Police Courts, if
not in the Superior Courts. In fact, Little Pete him
self was caught fixing a jury and sent to San Quen
tin.
However, we think we state the case succinctly
when we say that the people of San Francisco sin
cerely trust that the Police Department will suppress
gambling all around as soon as it has succeeded in
suppressing some of its conspicuous officers. Cer
tainly there is need of more suppression than the
Ingleside racetrack.
STREET-CAR OUTRAGES.
IT is not doubtful that on street car lines the pa
tience and the self-possession of conductors and
gripmen are severely taxed. But it is also true
that the traveling public have some rights that on a
few of the lines are habitually disregarded. ; -
There have been instances recently of brutal treat
ment of passengers by conductors that ought to at
tract the attention of the street railroad managers.
Only a day or two ago a sober and apparently re
spectable man riding on the dummy of a Powell street
car presented a transfer which the conductor declined
to recognize, and, upon his refusal to vacate his seat
or pay his fare, he was ejected, without unnecessary
violence. Down to this point it may well have - been
that the conductor was within his right. But when
this passenger, finding that his transfer would not be
accepted, again boarded the car and twice offered to
pay his fare, the conductor passionately told him
that he could not ride, and, with the help of another
employe of the line, again threw him off with such
violence that his head struck the lower end of a
lamp-post and was badly cut.
The latter half of this incident was purely brutal.
It happened on the same day that, on a Market
street car, a lady without silver tendered a quarter
eagle in payment of her fare, and, upon receiving her
change, objected to one of the silver dollars handed
her, on the ground that, in her opinion, it was coun
terfeit. Instead of replacing the dollar, as every in
stinct of propriety would have suggested, she was
at once publicly subjected to a torrent of abuse.
Impositions upon conductors unquestionably oc
cur, and they probably are often victimized by coun
terfeit silver. But nothing is commoner than for, a
passenger who has .tendered a quarter or a half dol
lar for fare, supposing it to be genuine, to have it re
THE SAN FKAJN CISCO CAL.JL, THUESDA., APEIL 13, 1899.
ONE MORE ILLUSTRATION.
j turned by the conductor, after several minutes have
elapsed, and, unless quickly exchanged, to be insulted.
And these occurrences are more frequent with women
than with men.
Gripmen and conductors should be taught that, as
the representatives of common carriers, ordinary po
liteness and decent treatment arc not concessions on
their part, but merely the acknowledgment of rights
that passengers hold, and especially in American
communities.
ACCORDING to a publication of the United
States Bureau of Statistics; the submarine tele
graphs of the world at the close of last Febru
ary numbered 1500, had an aggregate length of 170,
--000 miles, represented a cost estimated at $250,000,000,
and transmitted annually about 6,000.000 messages.
The greater number of these submarine telegraphs
are comparatively short cables owned by govern
ments and employed in connection with forts, light
houses and signal stations. There are about 320 Com
mercial cables, owned by thirty-five companies. These
control about 150,000 miles of cable, leaving for the
governmental cables only about 20,000 miles of .the
total. It is noted, however, that the governments of
the world hold something more than 80,060 miles of
cable stock for war purposes ready at hand to be laid
at a moment notice when the emergency arises.
Every great body of water lying between any inhab
ited parts of the earth has been crossed and recrosscd
by submarine telegraphs. The Mediterranean is trav
ersed through its length and breadth by numerous
lines, the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea are
almost equally well supplied, and their islands arc con
nected with one another and with both the northern
and southern American continents; thirteen lines con
nect the United States with Europe; three span the
ocean between South America and the Old World;
the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean are traversed by
lines bringing Asia into communication with Europe;
while in the Pacific Ocean a scries of cables stretches
from Siberia southward to Australia and from that
continent other lines extend to New Zealand and to
New Caledonia.
The one link lacking to the completion of the world
system of submarine telegraph is that portion of the
Pacific extending from America across to Asia. Con
cerning that link the report says: "The chief obsta
cle in the past to the construction of a grand trans-
Pacific cable was found in the fact that midocean
resting places could not be satisfactorily obtained or
arranged for, no single government controlling a suf
ficient number of suitable landing places to make this
seem practicable in view of the belief that the distance
through which messages could be sent and cables con
trolled was limited."
The results of the war with Spain have put the
United States in a position to overcome the difficulty
cf the past. With landing places at Hawaii, Wake Is
land, Guam and the Philippines; we could lay a able
no section of which would have a length equal to that
now in daily operation between France and the United
States. The lengtht of the French cable from Brest to
Cape.Cod is 3250 miles, while the greatest distance
from land to land on the proposed Pacific route would
be the 2089 miles between San Francisco and Hawaii.
Along with the extension of ocean cables there has
been an extraordinary development and improvement
in the methods of their operation. On the first cable
across the Atlantic the speed rate was but three words
a minute, several hours were required for the trans
mission of a message and the receipt of a response,
and the cost to the sender was $100 a message. At
the present time the speed of transmission averages
fifty words, a minute, with a higher speed on the auto
matic transmitters; the price has been diminished to
25 cents per word, and it is noted that a message sent
from the House of Representatives in Washington to
the House of Parliament in London during the chess
match of 1898 was transmitted and a reply received
in 13^2 seconds. ly *''.;.
Summing up the benefits to be expected by the
United States from the construction of a trans-Pacific
cable, the report says: "The commerce of the coun
tries of Asia and Oceanica amounts to more than $2,
--000,000,000 annually, their imports alone averaging
more than $100,000,000 a month. Of this enormous
market the United States at present obtains less than
6 per cent. With direct cable communication across
the Pacific, direct water communication through the
Nicaragua Canal, and an increase in the number and
capacity of American steamships, it seems not im
proper to suppose a material addition might be made
to the share obtained by the United States in the trade
of that part of the world." ,-:.-,
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPHS.
TRADE REVIVAL
FELT BY THE
MERCHANTS
Gateway of the Orient
Is Opened.
WHARVES PACKEDWITHGOODS
BUSINESS PROPERTY. CHANGES
OWNERSHIP RAPIDLY.
General Rehabilitation Taking Place
in the Old Wholesale Dis
. - trict ':■. Near, the'
Wharves.
The merchants of this city are shaking
off the lethargy which has marked their
movements In recent years and are eager
ly awaiting the development of trade with
the Orient. -'„.;;■- : 'A-.- '.':
Shipping interests, which have been on
the decline for years, are building up.
From indications it will be but a matter
of a few years when the water front will
be so thronged with shipping as to pre
sent the appearance of a forest of masts,
as in early days.
The hope of the merchants for years
A SON'S GRATITUDE.
TO the Editor of The Call: Permit me, through the columns of your
journal, to make public acknowledgment of my sincere gratitude and
heartfelt thanks to the people of San Francisco for their very
many courtesies, magnanimous and fraternal treatment of my hon
ored father — in life and in death and on the eve of my departure with
his remains for his loved home in Tennessee I beg to assure one and all
that a blessing is in my heart and a benediction on my lips for my
father's host of friends and acquaintances in this great city of the Pa
cific. In an especial manner do I desire to return my sincere thanks to
the three commanderies of Knights Templar for assuming entire charge
of the obsequies in this city and conducting them in the beautiful ritual
of "their order, which my father so much loved. To the , commanding
officer at the Presidio and of the National Guard for the escort of honer;
to the Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge for the words of eloquence; to the noble
women of the city who contributed the magnificent floral offerings, and
to the daily press for their kind words. The sadness attendant upon the
weary voyage across the Pacific finds here an amelioration which words
of mine can never express, and which I shall carry throughout life
among the choicest of memories. Very gratefully and respectfully,
GEORGE J. SMITH,
Sergeant Major First Tennessee Infantry, U. S. V.
San Francisco, April 12, 1899.
that the gates of the Orient would be
opened to the exports of this coast is
i about to be realized. Steamers are being
j built as fast as mechanics can put them
' together. For months past the wharves
have been congested with freight, for
which no room could be found on the reg
ular steamers. All the available tonnage
has been pressed into service, but to no
effect, the freight offered being still
greatly in excess of the capacity of all
the steamers now leaving this port. Al
though the freight is stowed in every
available nook and cranny, the steamers
must leave almost entire cargoes behind
them. ..■;.-»„ -. -,--_ .--.
To keep pace with the pressure of busi
ness modern methods must be adopted,
which means that the young, progressive
firms are securing the business from the
old style dealers. Times change and peo
ple change with them. The methods
which would attract and hold trade ten
years since are not the vogue to-day.
The energy and the dash are lacking
which are associated with the methods of
the present time. The old business dis
trict seems to have caught the infection j
of the forthcoming boom. Buildings are
being overhauled; new ones are planned
or under way, while desirable property
is rapidly changing ownership. Last
week three separate sales were recorded,
each for over ¥100,000. Warehouses and
- wholesale houses will be built on them to
, accommodate the increased trade with
the Orient.
The North End Improvement Associa
i tion is doing much for the section lying
east of Kearny street and north of Mar-
I ket. The chief demand of its members
! is for the betterment of the pavements.
'< There is a unanimous desire that the
i cobblestone pavement, which was a model
! in its way when originally put down forty
years ago, be replaced with bitumen or
, other modern material. The members of
i the association have asked the Supervis
i ors to bear half the cost of improving
the streets. The balance would be paid
by the property owners. They hold that
! the Supervisors owe a debt to the busi
ness interests, of the city In the matter
of these repairs. Property values and
rents have decreased enormously, all of
! which means a direct loss to the city in
; taxation. _ . _■•
President Charles Nelson of the Cham
ber of Commerce is one of the merchants
having an abiding faith in the future of
this city. "It Is evident the Government
will send all supplies to its possessions in
the far East from this city," he said yes
terday. "This will increase in volume
gradually and should In time reach enor
mous proportions. It is the shorter route
by this wav and will be the one used by
all exporters. The building of the Siberian
Railroad has had an appreciable
effect here. Already fifteen vessels have
left here for Vladivostok, where formerly
but three or four were required to handle
the material shipped from this port. Eng
land and Australia are using a great deal
of our redwood now. The English are
using it for furniture, having learned of
the beauty of the wood when polished. All
these signs point but one way. They indi
cate that this city will regain the pres
tige it enjoyed a quarter of a century
ago." _,  .
J. H. Rosseter, manager for the house
of W. R. Grace & Co., shares with other
merchants the confidence in the future of
this port. "We are on the eve of a great
commercial awakening," he said. "The
trade from this port has been gradually :
increasing until it should soon assume !
large proportions. The merchants have
long watched the Orient as a great field
for their operations. All their hopes seem
destined to be realized now. Trade with
South America has developed gradually,
although this coast is under a disadvan
tage in handling it when compared with
the East. We transship at Panama, while
their steamers go direct." .■-■'-'-
According to Brainerd N. Rowley, editor
of California Fruit Grower, the fruit mi
i terests of the State are safe. He says
I "The outlook for good crops of fruit were
never better than they are at present. The
; fruit is fifteen days farther advanced than
lit was at this lime last year. The trees
are strong and hardy and there is little
possibility of their suffering a setback.
Cherries and apricots will not yield a full
crop, but all others will yield in abun
dance. It Is hard to tell what the foreign
I demand will be, as it is governed almost ,
I entirely by the price nt which the fruit
;is marketed. In this country, if the peo
ple want anything, they get it, giving no
' heed to the price. In other countries. If
they find an article costs more than they
I had set aside for it they go without or
; substitute something that can be had at
the price they intended to pay originally."
The infection of better times coming is
I in the air. and prosperity, which comes
i in the train of a largely increased volume
of trade, should soon be felt by the peo
! ple in all walks of life, whether they be
I in the ranks of the laborer or the mer-
I chant. ._
Embezzlement Charged. "'
August Holtgen of the- Pacific Tank I
Company was arrested yesterday after- j
noon on three warrants charging him '
with embezzlement. The complaining !
witness is J. W. Oliver of the Aermotor
Company, 27 Beale street. Holtgen was
manager for the Aermotor Company till
about two years ago, when he went to the '
rival concern. He is accused of embez
zling moneys which he claimed as com- '
mission on sales. There is a suit between :
the parties jpending in the Supreme Court. i
LAST HONORS
TO COL. SMITH
OF TENNESSEE
Just Tribute to the
Old Hero.
IMPRESSIVE MASONIC RITES
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONDUCT
THE FUNERAL SERVICES.
The Remains Escorted to the Ferry
by a Large Cortege of Police,
Military and Members of
• the Order.
Grandly impressive were the honors
shown to the late Colonel William F.
Smith of Tennessee yesterday— nonors
such as are rarely shown the memory of
a fellow-soldier outside of his own home
circles. But though the widow and rela
tives of the veteran of two wars are
waiting for the home-coming of their
loved one, the breadth of the continent
away, it did not devolve upon mere stran
gers to perfunctorily perform the rites
due his rank in military and Masonic cir
cles. During his brief sojourn here last
summer, while en route to the Philip
pines, Colonel Smith made a host of
friends— new friends, to be sure— but as
stanch and lasting as those he left be
hind in distant Tennessee.
It was with the expressed wish of these
new friends that the remains were held
here in order that San Francisco and the
State might honor them fittingly. ;'■'■
In his own State Colonel Smith was one
of the most prominent members* of the
Masonic order, and while here he was
welcomed into the local lodges, where he
formed many of .his warmest friendships.
It was proper, therefore, that the ser
vices should be conducted under the aus
pices of the Knights Templar, of with
deceased was past grand commander of
his native State.
The services were held in Masonic Tem
ple at i o'clock and it was significant of
the bonds that unite the North and South
that, among the large number of civilians
present .there were no more sincere
mourners than members of the Grand
Army and ladies of the Relief Corps, who
had learned to love this former officer in
the Confederate service.
Prominent in the temple were six com
rades of Colonel, then Captain Smith, of
the Army of Northern Virginia. They
were General H. R. D. Maclver of Stone
wall Jackson's staff and later a member
of the staff of J. E. B. Steuart, James E.
Tucker, Henry St. George Bryan, J. C.
Kane, J. S. Sherman and Thomas H. An
drews. In the escort to the ferry these
gentlemen were given a place in line im
mediately behind the members of the
Grand Commandery.
The heavy metallic casket, draped with
the American 'flag, stood in the center of
the floor and around and on top of it were
numerous beautiful floral pieces. Sir
Knight John F. Merrill presided, while
Rev. Alexander Carson officiated as pre
late. Sir Knight S. M. Shortridge deliv
ered the oration and Sir Knight Samuel
D. Mayer, grand organist and director of
the temple choir, arranged the musical
programme; which consisted of "One
Sweetly Solemn Thought," "Come to
Me," "Sleep, Brother, Sleep," and "Thy
Will Be Done," by the choir.
Besides the Grand Commandery there
were present California Commandery No.
1, Golden Gate No. 16 and Oakland No. 11,
all in full regalia, and these, together
with a large detachment of troops, acted
as escort.
The troops, drawn up on Post street in
front of the Temple, attracted an im
mense concourse of people, and for an
hour or more the street was almost im
passable. Sir Knight Frank V. Sumner
had charge of the escort, the troops be
ing commanded by Captain James E.
Britt, Twenty-fourth United States In
fantry. '
At 4 o'clock the services were concluded
and the casket was borne to the hearse,
the troops and Knights presenting arms
and the mounted band of the Fourth
United States Cavalry playing "Nearer
My God, to Thee." *
The pallbearers were Sir Knights
Franklin H. Day and Brilsford P. Flint
for California Commandery; Z. F. Gilpin
and A. W. Burrell for Oakland Com
mandery; Charles L. Field and A G
Booth for Golden Gate Commandery and
Majors H. B. Hosmer and James A
Margo of General Warfield's staff repre
senting the National Guard of California
Lieutenant Birdsall and a platoon of
thirty police headed the procession and
were followed by the band and Troops B
and M, Fourth United States Cavalry
.Troop A and the Second Brigade Signal
Corps, N. G. C. Behind the mounted j
troops marched Companies E and I
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry!
and it was a source of comment on the
changed conditions of the country that
colored troops marched in honor of one
who a third of a century ago fought to
continue their race in bondage. But these
dusky heroes of El Caney, Siboney and
Santiago were proud to pay this tribute
to the gallant old soldier who had now
fallen for the same flag they fought
under. Following the troops came the
three commanderies of Knights Templar,
the hearse followed by the dead officer's
charger he brought with him from Ten
nessee and left behind when he went to
Manila. The somber trappings, boots re
versed in the stirrups and sheathed sword
hanging from the pommel of the saddle
but added to the solemnity of the occa
sion. :-."■■'- --:-■.. r'i.> :.--^l:~:. '/--.,' :
The «Grand Commandery, Confederate
Veterans, and carriages containing Ser
geant George Smith, son of the dead offi
cer, who is accompanying the remains
home, and several lady friends of the
family brought up the rear.
Down Market street to Steuart, to Mis
sion, and thence to the eastern gate to
the depot marched the cortege, the mili
tary forming line and presenting arms at
the gate, while the Knights continued on
to the dock. A delegation went across
the bay to Oakland, where the casket was
placed on board the Central overland and
started east at 6 o'clock. Sergeant
Smith's mother and Bister will meet him
at St. Louis and with him will accompany
the remains of their husband and father
to Nashville.
A Fighting Artist.
E. M. Rinaldo, an artist, was yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Mogan on the charge' of assault
with a deadly weapon In $1000 bonds. Dur
ing a row on Sacramento street, near
Kearny, he struck a man on the temple
with a bottle, cutting -an artery.
REGISTRATION
UNDER THE NEW
PRIMARY LAW
Meeting of Election
Commissioners.
CONSOLIDATION OF PRECINCTS
REGISTRAR BIGGY. WILL SAVE
EXPENSES.
His Present Clerical Force Will Be
Adequate to Perform the
Work Required of
Them.
Registrar Biggy has begun active prep
arations for the primary election to be
held in August, as well as for the pro
posed bond election to be held next
month. Yesterday the Election Commls- »
sioners held a meeting, those present be-^
ing Commissioners Wells, Lane, Tilton
and Sheehan. •.<.-,-♦:
Aside from a general and informal dis
cussion of the new election laws and their
workings, the commission took favorable
action on the following request preferred
by Registrar Biggy: r,^ : "
April 11.- 1899.
To the Honorable the Board of .election
Commissioners— Gentlemen: I respectfully ask
your honorable board to authorize me. to pre
pare for the holding of the primary election in
accordance with the act approved March S.
1.99, and known as the "Stratton Primary
Law." All elections under this law are to be
conducted, managed and controlled as are
elections for State and county officers.: The
general precincts as they now exist may be
consolidated, but not more than three- shall
constitute a primary election precinct. Regis
tration for this election will be open not-later
than June 3 and close July 22. The election will
be held on Tuesday, August 8, 1899. v.;*-
It will be necessary to map out the primary
election precincts, to prepare the necessary
blanks, tally lists, credentials and returns for
approval by your honorable board.
It will also be necessary to prepare for the
municipal election, which will take place in
November next, in accordance with the charter.
All election laws have been changed, with ref
erence to registration, and a new form of bal
lot and ballot law has been adopted.
Registration is now open, In view of the fact
that there may be an election for the ' issu
ance of bonds for local improvements.
I would therefore, in view of the foregoing,
ask your honorable board to be allowed the
necessary assistance as will from time to time
be required from now on for the proper conduct
of this office. Respectfully, ' •._ :■'■
W. J. BIGGY, Registrar of Voters.
All of the requests made by the Regis
trar were granted. Mr. Biggy stated that
he would be able to conduct registration .
for the bond, primary and municipal elec- -\
tions with his present clerical force and
without additional expense to the city.
New registration will not be necessary to
enable voters to participate in these elec
tions except where changes of residence
have occurred. . '('. ->:■••-
For the primary election Registrar
Biggy will consolidate the 303 election pre
cincts into a total of 106, thus effecting a
considerable saving. If a bond election is
ordered the precincts will probably be
still further consolidated. -•'■-■• j.--
ANfWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WEIGHERS IN THE MINT— A. O. S..
City. Those who seek employment in the
United States Branch Mint in San Fran
cisco, particularly in the weigher's de
partment, will have to follow the . same
course that is followed in all other de
partments, and that is to undergo a jlvil
service examination. For application
blanks apply at the Mint. r ...
THE CORBETT CASE— B. F. F., Oak
land, Cai. In the Corbett case— that is
the case of the appointee of the- Gov
ernor of Oregon, appointed after the Leg
islature had failed to elect a United
States Senator — the Senate refused to
seat him on the ground that there having
been no election, there was no vacancy.
MAJORITY— J. D. H., City. If two
candidates run for an office, 120 votes are
cast, one receives 59 votes and the other
61 votes, the one receiving the highest
number is elected by a majority of two
votes. In that case it would require 61
votes to elect. Receiving that number,
one has a majority of two votes over his
opponent, who received but 59.
MACHINE SHOPS— S., Sebastopol, Cai.
It cannot be said that there is any partic
ular time when the "busy season com
mences in the machine shops." The .busy
time depends on the amount of orders re
ceived. One desiring to enter a shop as
an apprentice or a helper should file an
application with the foreman of the par
ticular department he would like to
work in. ' V.r-"
MULLER— C. A. V., City. The English
pronunciation of the German name
Muller, with two dots over the v, can
be only acquired upon hearing the nam©
pronounced by a German. It is not
proper to pronounce it Muller or Miller.
The v should be sounded as that letter
is sounded in plume in French or guld
in Scotch, and the c should be sounded
as is that letter in her. v.v r
CaL glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend'sC*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), slo Mont
gomery street. Telephone. Main J042. •
Love at First Sight.
The dear girl has been baiting- him
"Do' you believe in love at first sight?"
she asked. ■*.;'" _. -*. <_■
"Of course, answered the Savage
Bachelor. "Do you suppose if a man had
the gift of second sight he would fall in
love?"— Cincinnati Enquirer.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3_ days to Chicago, 4H
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 628 Mar
ket street. __,"_' ■*
If your stomach is deranged try a half spoon
ful of Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters in a little
wine before meals.
Filling an Order.
"What have you here?" asked the fresh
young man of the waiter at a first-class
restaurant. -"•";>:.-' ,r^_
"Everything, sir."
"Everything?" sneeringly. "Have It
served at once." • •.•••.
"Hash for one!" yelled the waiter.—
Detroit Free Press.
RoYAL
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
_^___ BOVAt. BAKINO POWOER CO., NEW YOflK. . „v.TROOPS FOR
GARRISON DUTY
AT HONOLULU
Four Batteries Sixth
Artillery Depart.
A CLUBBING CAUSES INSANITY
BILL BOONAKA, A SAILOR ON
THE MAUNA ALA, BEATEN.
Sailing of the Nippon Maru for the
Orient— A "Wharf Rat" Drowned
From Lombard-Street
Wharf.
The Toyo Risen Kaisha's steamer Nip
pon Maru sailed for the Orient yesterday
crowded with passengers and loaded to
tha guards with frieght. For Honolulu
she took away four batter! - of tl/e Sixth
Artillery. They will relieve the Second
Battery. U. S. V.. which has been sta
tioned In Hawaii almost since the an
nexation of the islands. The latter on
their return here will be mustered out of
the service. The batteries which sailed
on tne Nippon Maru are in command of
Major Samuel Miles.
Miss Ida M. Forsyth was also a pas
senger by the Nippon. Maru. On her ar
rival at Honolulu she will report to the
surgeon in charge ot the United States
Military Hospital for duty as active chief
nurse.
The Jeanette Waldorf Company also
went away on the steamer. They will till
an engagement at Honolulu and will then
proceed to Hongkong on the next China
steamer.
"Bill" Boonaka. a sailor on the Hawai
ian bark Mauna Ala, has gone crazy as
the result of a beating he received in the
"Scandinavian headquarters" on the cor
ner of Jackson and Montgomery avenue
last Tuesday morning. He was struck
over the head with a club and thrown
out on the sidewalk to shift for himself.
He was picked up in a semi-cons
condition and sent to the Harbor Receiv
ing Hospital in the patrol wagon. On his
arrival there Hr. yon der Leith sewed up
a lacerated wound over the eye and also
two wounds on the scalp. The sailor was
drunk, as well as being badly hurt, so he
was put to bed.
About noon Boonaka was considerably
better, and when he said be wanted to
leave the hospital no attempt was made
to detain him. He was not seen again
until Officer Mackey ran across him on
the front yesterday. He was then a rav
ing maniac and it took half a dozen po
licemen to handle him. At the Receiving
Hospital in the City Hall It was found
the clubbing received in the Scandinavian
headquarters had affected his brain. He
was placed in a strait jacket and sent
out to the City and County Hospital.
Boonaka is a Russian-Finn and lived at
Lane's sailor boarding house on Davis
street. Bane says he always was a quiet,
peaceable fellow, but he must have got in
with a tough crowd at the saloon.
One of the "wharf rats" is missing and
the harbor police are rounding up the
tribe to see which of them lost his life.
Early yesterday morning several of them
appeared on Bombard street wharf and
made a raid on some potatoes that were
stored there. As potatoes are retailing at
o cents a pound, a sack meant a good
haul to a wharf rut. One of them was
surprised in the act of lowering a sack
into a small skiff by Fred Raabe. When
the latter began to run down the wharf
the young fellow pot confused, and los
ing his balance fell into the bay. He
must have struck against the skiff, as
both he and the potatoes disappeared.
The wharf rat did not come up again and
a few bubbles were all that showed Raabe
where he had gone down. The rickety
skiff which he used in his midnight
prowls is still tied up to Lombard street
The Marine Firemen's Union is mak
ing another attempt to get rid of the
Chinese employed on the United States
transport Hancock (late Arizona). With
this enrl in view the union has interested
the (. alifornia delegation to Congress and
a hard fight Is to be made to get white
firemen work on United States vessels.
The association made the attempt some
« me ago. but failed, because at that time
Lncle Sam did not own the vessel. The
facts of the case have been wired to the
Secretary of War and it is hoped that
the Chinese will be replaced by white
men before the Hancock sails.
THE GRAIN CASES.
Judge Morrow Vacates Order Made
Last Tuesday Fixing Date for Com
pleting Taking of Evidence.
E. S. Pilsbury of counsel for the South
ern Pacific Company appeared before
United States circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday morning and asked thai ._ie order
pf court made on the day before should
be vacated, He raised the point that the
order was made in the absence of any rep
resentative of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and that therefore the due notice
contemplated by the law had not been
given to his side of he case. He said fur
ther that he and his clients were desirous
of bringing the grain cases to a speedy
end.
The motion was contested by Attorney
General Ford. Robert Y. Havne and As
sistant United States Attorney Wood
worth. Judge Morrow decided that the
complainants, the Southern Pacific Com
pany, had not received the notice to which
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers. BroKers. Importers, Wholesale Traders. Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESFONDINC WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
- :
BELTINO. FRESH AND SALT MEATS. i
I P IIFfiFN Manufacturer or Belting nnd US RfIYFC snipping Butchers. IMC. fA
_. I. JILUL.% LbC9 Leather. 105-107 Mis. JA *- BUIEJ. clay. TeL Main I»4.U_ LU,
elcn St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. " — '
IRON FOUNDERS.
BOILER MAKtRS. Western Foundry. Morton & Hedle-. Proos.
EUREKA BOILER WORK'S <F«™ntSt. Casting of Every Dei ,
i__xv_JX__. JL> VlUJ__|J_\, VY _ n___D, .criptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. . —
Epeclal AU*_Uon Paid to Repairs and Ship LIQUORS.
Work. GDDOLD WHISKEY, g.llon $1.50 ; out, $6.00
Office .nd Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. °- p - B ' PONY - . '«■ ••• ■••••*•«>! c * ,e $100 °
Telephone Main T .045 L. CAHEN ft BON, 418 Baeram.nto Bt.. B. F.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. ' "NO BETTER ON EARTH" X e Cnrnanc e he
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, Ochr^ COMA » CHE ___"= co - » Front ...
£42 to 350 Gerry Street. Abore Powell. ' PAPER DEALERS.
Persic*!,. __*_ «nd Stationer,. WILLAMETTE %.ffiß^^
PUFF RRV A I P SIP h 3 *~ ™™i, rnmTF
Unl I nL Bteam «ad Lager^ E- C- if Uiirifc _►. Ml K*n*.,m.'«trw
Vl " " '* V * ** *- tc. Overcoats and —
Valises checked Tree. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. T 'r C I„% phlC P ARTRIDGE fnrmW
J. C WILbUN & CO., -up jiip ir c limn Tft Printer*. Bfv-fc.
WOO BATTERY STREET. *" c U'v_l_J-Jl/IJU V_-. binders. .3 Fir« «.
Telephone Main 1.61. " " , „ WAREHOUSEMEN. '
COPPERSMITH. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. 11. B_TTH Mer For- "•* ARents anil Public Welshers. C
. „, -_ M c , . --, .. _„ .. _ eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gem.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbinc, Steamboat »ral office. JiO California st. Tel. Main 1914.
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 . . —
Washington St Telephone, Main £641. WATCHES, ETC.
_____ _______ " T I HWnV • ud-juartem for fine Jewelry ana
DENTISTS. |. LUiMllf l--k. Wedding; Rln_ts. .4 Id st
I_l_ f U r nvrv _<,0,; M - rke t. r -18 - B*° w. ________
JJIV V TT- V-VrILA Colton gas for painless ..,„,-,■ •__•« ctpim r"r.*i
extraction of teeth a specialty. Will It AMI _ 1 LAM tUAL,
r~ : 1 * Mined by the
DRUGGISTS iVt'HOLESALE\ BLACK DIAMOND COAL MININO CO. M It*
-_-_>!_,..•_■«_. n «*_% «_ > _.£._. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
RPfIIWRTfIN /_. P.O Second and Steven. I, the Best Coal In the M_r_«c
(iXUIItUIUiI Ca U<J. son Sts. TeL Main 4 o;_c. and Tarde-4W Mala Stmt.
A BUSY DAY AT PACIFIC-STREET WHARF.
THE work of getting the United States transport Hancock (late Arizona) ready for another voyage
to Manila is going ahead with a rush. The vessel came into port with the name Arizona on her bows
and on her stern, but these have been removed and the name Hancock substituted. She came in a
black-painted steamer, but will sail again as one of the white squadron. The British ship Strathdon is ly
ing alongside the Hancock coaling the latter vessel. ■ On the south side of the wharf is the Australian mail
steamer Mariposa and astern of her is the island trader Mauna Ala. Into all these vessels freight is be
ing rushed, so Pacific-street wharf is as busy as a bee-hive from morning till night.
I they were entitled under the rule and
he therefore vacated the order made last
Tuesday and set May 4th as the date for
! hearing the application for the extension
! of time in which to complete the taking of
testimony before the Master in Chancery.
A SPECIAL EXCURSION TO THE
NOTED CAMPING RESORTS OF
THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
TO BE GIVEN UNDER THE AUS
PICES OF THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC COMPANY.
Splendid Trains of First-Class Equip
ment and a Very Low
Rate.
Many years ago the Southern Pacific
Company inaugurated a series of per
sonally conducted excursions to the
noted resort places of the Santa Cruz
Mountains and the famous Shasta re
gion, the same being given under the
auspices of the passenger department
of the company, who appointed Colonel
William H. Menton to the position of
excursion passenger agent in charge
of same.
We are advised by the passenger de
partment that for the current season
they will follow out the custom here
tofore in vogue and it is now an
nounced that the company will run one
or more first-class trains to the Santa
Cruz Mountains on Sunday, April 30.
As heretofore these trains will be un
der the personal supervision of Colonel
Menton, the well-known excursion pas
senger agent, who will see to it that
excursionists are well cared for.
These excursion trains will stop at
the following well-known camping re
sorts situated on the line of the
Coast Division Narrow-Gauge: Alma,
Wrights, Laurel, Glenwood, Campus,
Felton, Ben Lomond, Rowardennan and
Boulder Creek. Excursionists desiring
to spend their time at any one of the
above points can do so and take ex
cursion train, which will stop for them
on return trip. Round-trip rate $1 25.
Train will leave San Francisco ferry
landing, 7:15 a. m. ; Oakland (Four
teenth and Franklin streets), 7:45 a. m.;
Alameda (Park street), 8:20 a. m. Re
turning, arrive at San Francisco at 8:05
I p. m.
Tickets will be on sale at 613 Market
street, Grand Hotel Ticket Office, April
27, 28 and 29, and at ferry landing on
1 the morning of the excursion. They
! can also be procured at Fourteenth and
Franklin streets, Oakland, and at Park
street station, Alameda, on the dates
j above named.
. THE SAN FRANCISCO 7 CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
NEALL MIGHT
HAVE TURNED
IN THE CHECKS
Damaging Evidence
at His Trial.
INDORSEMENT NOT NEEDED
SLAVENS WOULD HAVE TAKEN
THEM AS THEY WERE.
First Bad Day for the Officer—Testi
mony Relating to the Most
Serious Charge Against
Him.
Yesterday was not so good a day for
Lieutenant Neall as has been the others
of his trial. The first really damaging
testimony against him was given, and the
questions of the defense could not make
much out of it except the fact that it
might have been worse. And the most
serious part of it was that the testimony
was given upon and tends to prove the
gravest of the charges— conduct unbecom
ing an officer and a gentleman.
Lieutenant Harris, adjutant of the
Fourth Cavalry and of the post during
the time of Neall's trouble, continued on
the stand until near the hour of adjourn
ment. His examination related mostly to
the statement made to him by Neall that
it was necessary to obtain the indorse
ment of Mrs. Nolan to certain checks be
fore he could turn over the accounts of
the post exchange. In making this state
ment it was alleged that Neall willfully
deceived the adjutant, and the witness
would not recede from this view of the
matter.
The witness said he had no knowledge
of whether or not Neall knew of the ap
pointment of Mrs. Nolan as administra
trix of her husband's estate when he said
he had to await her action on the checks
made payable to her husband as officer
of the exchange. Neither had he any
knowledge whether or not Neall, knowing
Mrs. Nolan had been appointed, willfully
neglected to secure her indorsement. He
believed he had been deceived first be
cause Neall refused to turn over to his
successor the checks needing indorse
ment; second, because while the amount
under his control in money and property
made up a total of over $4900, the checks
he referred to did not amount to more
than $200 at the most; third, because ho
had been informed by the post com
mander that Neall had made the same
excuse to him, for his failure to turn over
the books. And during all this time his
successor had signified a willingness to
accept the checks as they were and se
cure the indorsement himself.
"Do you believe from the facts as you
see them that Lieutenant Neall intended
to deceive you?" asked Mr. Thornton.
"I do," was Harris' reply.
"Do you admit the explanation was
true in fact?"
"No, I do not."
"Do you admit it was partly true?"
"No, I do not."
"Do you admit it was true In any
sense?"
"1 do not believe It was a true excuse
for his neglect."
Harris then went on to say there was
no reason why Neall should not have paid
the difference between these checks and
the amount that should have been on
hand toward the dividends to the regi
mental fund and the band fund. Had he
known the. checks amounted to only $200
or less he would have made an investi
gation at once. As It was, he took what
Nf all told him as the truth. "I know now
it was not the truth," were the closing
words of the witness.
Thomas H. Slavens, first lieutenant,
Fourth Cavalry, quartermaster of the
post and of the regiment, commissary of
the post and of the regiment, officer of
the post exchange, police officer of the
post and fire marshal of the post, was
the next witness. He had succeeded to
the job vacated by Neall. He testified
that when the accounts of the commis
sary office were turned over to him they
were correct, but there was money owing
to the department. One of these bills
was from Neall himself. There was also
due the treasurer of the post his allot
ment of the receipts from the commis
sary store. There was also due the bill
of the post exchange to the commissary
department.
The witness .then told how he had taken
possession of the post exchange on Feb
ruary 16— the day after Neall's disappear
ance—and how he had found things in a
rather chaotic condition. There were out
standing bills amounting to over $3000 and
the account at the bank had been over
drawn about $150. He received from the
adjutant a bundle Of checks— checks
which Neall told him had to be indorsed
by Mrs. Nolan— and these he took to her
and had them Indorsed and afterward
deposited In the bank. They did not
amount to more than $200. It was some
time In February when Neall told him
he could not get the checks Indorsed. It
was in January Mrs. Nolan was appoint
ed administratrix of her husband's estate
and became capable of indorsing the
checks.
"The checks could have been turned
over to me without Indorsement," said
the witness, in answer to questions, "and
I could have secured the indorsement my
self, as I ultimately did."
The hour of adjournment cut off for the
time being questions on the financial af
fairs of the club.
The evidence relating to the indorse
ment of the checks is damaging, for upon
it is based three of the specifications in
the charge of conduct unbecoming an offi
cer and a gentleman.
LOVE TRIUMPHS OVER
MATERNAL OPPOSITION
MANUEL RIVAS AND INACIA
TURRES ARE MAN AND WIFE.
They Eloped, Pursued by Mrs. Turres,
but They Were Just Ten Min
utes Ahead of Her.
An Irate mother, accompanied by a male
friend, called at the Chief of Police's of
fice yesterday morning and wanted her
daughter and her lover arrested. She had
reason to believe they had eloped and
might possibly seek to get married, but
she desired the marriage prevented.
The mother was Mrs. Turns, 2T0% Bran
nan street, and she said her daughter was
too young to marry, as she was only 14
years of age last October. The young man
was Manuel Kivas, who was employed in
an office as shipping clerk.
Detective Anthony was detailed on the
case and he went to "Cupid" Danforth's
office, where he ascertained that a mar
riage license had been issued to Manuel
Rlvas, 20 years of age, and Inacia Turres,
18 years of age. He was told that Kivas
and the girl had sworn that she was of
age, and as she is a well developed young
girl there was no suspicion that she was
younger.
The detective learned that the couple
seemed to be in a hurry to get married,
and he called upon different Justices of
the Peace, and Justice Cook informed
him that he had performed the ceremony
about ten minutes previous and the young
couple had hurried away.
Mrs. Torres was waiting in the Chief's
offlce and was furious when Anthony ap
prised' her of the result of his investiga
tion. She announced her determination to
get even with Rlvas and will annul the
marriage if possible. To-day, unless wiser
counsels prevail,, she will swear out a
warrant for the arrest of Rlvas on the
charge of perjury for swearing that her
daughter was IS years of age when she is
only a few months past 14.
?*> Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh St., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
Pulled Her Back Hair.
Lizzie Booth, a domestic at 3621 Eight
eenth street, swore to a complaint yes
terday in Judge Graham's court for the
arrest of Louis Mooser, 2103 Vallejo street,
on a charge of battery, Lizzie was em
ployed in Mooser's house and she alleges
that Saturday he struck her and seized
her by the back hair and dragged her
along for several feet. She left his em
ployment that day.
POROUS PJSASSISIi!^
Perhaps you sometimes use a porous
plaster? But do you use the best one?
And do you know which the best one is?
The one whose reputation covers 40
years, and whose record of cures and
wonderful popularity gave birth to the
scores of imitations. And which is this?
Why, Allcoclcs — plaster they all try
.to imitate, and the one you want be-
cause it cures. It cures by absorption
and does not irritate the skin or cause
any annoyance. -
A CHINESE MAN AND AN
I NDIAN MAIDEN TO MARRY.
A CHINESE man and an Indian maiden are the latest novelty in the
field of matrimony. They visited Cupid Danforth at the City Hall yes
terday and procured a license permitting them to wed. Miss Neevis
Paderas is the happy bride-to-be, and she is as comely a young wo
man as one could meet in a day's journey. She Is just 18 years old and
very much in love with Lee Moy, her intended husband. Lee Moy is a
young Chinese, sleek, prosperous and extremely" proud of his ability to speak
English like a native. Long ago he decided to make. America his perma
nent home, so he cut off his queue, doffed the costume of his own country,
forswore lottery, fan tan and the opium pipe and became as good an Ameri
can citizen as it Is possible for him to be. Feeling that it was not good for
man to be alone, he looked about him for a.'wife, and found his affinity in
comely Neevis Paderas. To her he paid court, escorted her to and from
church in the Mission district, confessed his love and was accepted.
Both Mr. Moy and Miss Paderas have a good common school education
and both are members of the Methodist church. They applied to Clerk Dan
forth last week for a license, but that official was not sure that he was per
mitted by law to issue a license in such a case, so they were told to come
again yesterday. In the meantime it was found that the law which pro
hibits the intermarriage of individuals of the Caucasian race with Chinese,
negroes or Indians was silent as to marriages between Chinese and Indians.
So it was that when the young couple arrived at the City Hall they were
given a license. They declared their intention of being married by a Meth
odist minister.
DRUGGIST GATES WAS
ASPHYXIATED IN BED
FOUND DEAD IN A ROOM AT THE
LICK.
Was Engaged to Be Married to Miss
Ida Kleinhaus and Had Been in
Her Company the Even
ing Before.
A. L. Gates, druggist at the Folsom
Penitentiary, was asphyxiated in room
153 of the Lick House some time last Tues
day night, and his dead body was found
by a bellboy at 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. Deputy Coroner McCormick removed
the body to an undertaking establishment
and made an inquiry into the cause of
death. He reported that there was no
doubt that the death was accidental. Be
yond the fact that the bellboy had found
Gates dead with the stopcock of the gas
jet turned on Mr. McCormick seemed to
know nothing. The hotel clerk had an
equally ample fund of information. He
said that Gates registered at the hotel last
Tuesday night ana that he had been found
dead in the morning. The Keyhole and
other crevices in the room had not been
stopped up, and this fact was considered
as evidence that the case was not one of
suicide. _ , __ .
An hour after the discovery of the body
Miss Ida Kleinhaus of 640 Fell street
called at the hotel and inquired for Gates.
When Informed that he was dead she
burst into tears and was inconsolable. She
said that Gates had made an appointment
to meet her at S o'clock. She went away
and returned shortly afterward to the ho
tel with her brother. He stated to Dep
uty Coroner McCormick that his sister
and Mr. Gates had been keeping company
for several months and were to have been
married in a few weeks. He saw Gates
on the previous evening on his return
home from the theater sitting in the par
lor of the Kleinhaus residence with Miss
Kleinhaus. He retired after greeting the
visitor and was informed by his sister
yesterday that Gates left about midnight.
Gates left word with the night clerk at
the hotel to be called at 7 o'clock in the
morning, adding that he expected a
friend to meet him at 8 o'clock.
The denial of the hotel clerk that the
key of the gas fixtures was loose deepens
the mystery. The most rational supposi
tion is that the deceased when he turned
off the gas carelessly turned the key
partly on again.
Young Gates was 28 years old and had
been for several years employed in the
prison as -druggist. He came down from
Folsom last Tuesday.
Decker pianos only at vats', 763
Market street: •■''*•' "
A NOTORIOUS CHARACTER.
Chris Myrtle, an Ex-Convict, Arrest
ed on a Charge of Burglary.
Chris Myrtle, ex-convict and member of
a notorious family, was arrested early
yesterday morning and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary. He was
caught in the room of F. A. Dunbar, 1346
Market street, just as he was about to
leave with a bundle of clothes he had
gathered together.
Myrtle while serving a term for burg
lary in San Quentin was the leader of a
gang -that made a break for liberty sev
eral years ago. His father and mother
were arrested some years ago for mur
der in Spanishtown. After the jury
brought in a verdict of guilty against the
woman her husband confessed that he
was the murderer, but he was not be
lieved, and she was sent to San Quentin.
Dan. one of the sons, was shot and killed
at Twelfth and Harrison streets, and Joe,
another son, has only recently served six
months for failure to provide.
Death of William Friel.
William Freel, a stevedore, whose resi
dence was at 32 Tehama street, died yes
terday morning from injuries received a
few days ago by the fall of a coal buck
et upon him In the hold of a ship In
which he was working. The case has
been reported to the Coroner.
Unknown Drowned Man.
The body of an unknown man was found
yesterday floating in the bay near the foot
of Washington street wharf. The body
had not been more than a day in the wa
ter. The deceased was about 50 years old.
5 feet S Inches tall, weight about 160
pounds, blue eyes, light hair turning: gray,
red chin whiskers and mustache. He
wore a black cutaway coat, gray pants
and no vest, negligee shirt of black with
white stripes, and laced shoes. The body
remains at the Morgue for identification.
A Chinese Capper.
Chung Gom was ordered into custody
by Judge Graham yesterday on a charge
of vagrancy. He had been observed
hanging around the court for several
days and talking to Chinese prisoners in
the dock. Yesterday Ah Sun was in the
dock on a charge of selling lottery tick
ets and when the Judge observed Chung
Gom talking to him he ordered Sergeant
Duncan to arrest him. Ah Sun was fined
$50 or fifty days.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beueficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syrui- of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting-
them in the form most refreshing- to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing- the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LOUISVILLE, KY. NEW YORK, N. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
000000000000000000
Ijsf PALACE *■-■.'
%CRAND HnTB hP%
_ SAN FRANCISCO. £?
Connected by a covered passageway.
® 1400 Room?— 900 wl h Hath Attached. ®
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICKS: O
0 European Plan. Bl per dry and upward O
0 American Plan. s3.oo per day And upward rt
Correspondence Solicited. V*
0 JOHN C. SIR-PATRICK. Kinager. , O
OOOOOOOOOOOCO © 000
PURE, HEALTHY, /=*_&
FRAGRANT. JM
The unnatural odor from per- *ra§R/ ir
spiratlon and all other Impurities * inft--^
are. speedily and completely removed and the
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the dally use. In toilet and bath, of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
BURY'S Facial Cream.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. .^op^i:
Morosco Amusement Co., Inc., Lessee.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In Strauss' Dainty Waltz Opera,
THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF
Unanimously indorsed > — ♦he press of this city.
FRIDAY EVENING— .-SHIONABLE NIGHT
PRICES:
Orchestra : 50c, 75c and $1 00
Dress Circle (Reserved) r,oc
Family Circle (Reserved) 25c
Gallery (Not Resreved) 15c
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES— ISc, 25c and 50c; nothing higher.
NEXT WEEK .."ERMINIE."
In Preparation, "EL CAPITAN."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Afternoon Recitals — 2
SAUER
WEDNESDAY- - - -April 19th
FRIDAY ----- April 21st
AT 3 O'CLOCK
PRICES FROM.. ......,-tt TO $3
KNABE PIANO USED.
The sale of seats will begin at Kohler &
Chase's and the Opera House Box Office Sat-
urday morning, April 15, at 9 o'clock.
CHUTESJND ZOO!
EVERY" AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
DON'T GET LOST IN THE LONDON MAZE.
SEE LUNETTE, THE HYPNOTIC MARVEL.
COMING— THE MINIATURE RAILWAY.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
LAST TIME OF THE
Amateur Trilby Dance.
- Reserved Scats by Telephone, Steiner 15JL '
DR. RIMER'S REMEDIES.
PARSNIP COMPLEXION.
A majority of the ills afflicting people
to-day can be traced to kidney trouble.
It pervades all classef of society, in all
climates, regardless of age, sex or con-
dition.
The sallow, colorless-looking people
you often meet are afflicted with "kid-
ney complexion." Their kidneys are
turning to a parsnip color, so is their
complexion. They may suffer from in-
digestion, bloating, sleeplessness, uric
acid, gravel, dropsy, rheumatism, ca-
tarrh of the bladder, or irregular heart.
You may depend upon it, the cause Is
weak, unhealthy kidneys.
Women as well as men are made
miserable with kidney and bladder
trouble and both need the same remedy.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney, liver and bladder remedy, will
build up and strengthen weak and un-
healthy kidneys, purify the diseased,
kidney-poisoned blood, clear the com-
plexion and soon help the sufferer to
better health.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
lof Swamp-Root is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases,
such as weak kidneys, catarrh of the
bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble. It is sold by
druggists, in fifty-cent and dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle by mail
free, also pamphlet telling all about it.
Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham-
ton. N. Y.
When writing please mention reading
1 this generous offer in the San Francisco
\ Daily Call.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
FOUR MORE NIGHTS AND SATURDAY
MATINEE OF
ROLAND REED'S
LAUGHING SUCCESS.
HUMBUG!
A NIGHT OF LEVITY FOR ALL WHO
ATTEND.
PRICES •-.*-- ;— 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week , A BAD LOT.
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART
And Company, in the Refined Comedy, "The
Lady of the Rowan Tree."
MLLE. CLARA LARDINOIS,
Chanteuse Lyric.
Two More Big Hits,
MARSHALL F». WILDER
AND
KARA "THE GREAT."
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and Her "Black
Cherubs": HENGLER SISTERS. POLK AND
KOLLINS. nnd PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs. 50c. ___B__fHl
Next week— ENTIRE NEW BILL.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ALL WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
.BOSTONIANS.
Presenting the Ever Popular
ROBIN HOOD
Next Week— Last Nights BOSTONIANS.
Mon.— "Rob Roy." Tues.— "The Serenade," eta.
Summer Is Coming — So Is
..."A HOT OLD TIME"...
PRESENTED BY.
THE RAYS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. April 17.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manage?
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
THE SPECTACULAR EXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
NEXT WEEK— French Vaudeville Operetta,
"THE LITTLE TROOPER.'*
. Adapted by CLAY M. GREENE.
POPULAR PRICES, 25c and 50c.
Our Telephone Bush 9.
INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.,
Market Street, near Eighth.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
!
BATTLE OF
MANILLA
BAY
Will Open SATURDAY
At 4 p. m.,
THEREAFTER DAILY from 9 a. m. to 1" p.m.
Music by Blanchard's military band.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
TBE STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL FARE, Market and Eighth Sts.
Don't fail to see CAPTAIN ADOLPH
FREITSCH and his THIRTY-FOOT BOAT. In
which he will make a voyage around the world.
Now on exhibition daily. Grounds open from
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA CHARGE.
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, including ride on
the "Horses," etc.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
• trip. 2ic: Children, 15c; Including . admission
I to grounds.
I THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. . Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
ERNEST HAOUETTE
Will open his new place, the "Palace of
Art," 10 Post St., between Kearny and Mont-
gomery, Saturday, April l.'th. as a gentleman's
cafe. " 'Merchants' lunch will be served from
11 a. m. to 2 p. m.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Beginning MONDAY, April 17, afternoons 4
o'clock, evenings 8:15 o, clock. Wonderful Mov-
ing Pictures of POPE LEO XIII. and other in-
teresting moving views, by the American Bio-
graph Co. Admission "0 cents: children 25 cents.
I - I
ScCO..^?^
li "PATENTSI t)
\^ r^CT_r_________ar<j »£>_y
%_^-SU MARKET ST. S.F.^^J-ir
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
MANUFACTURERS AND
PRODUCERS FEAST
Almost Two Hundred Sat Down to the Annual
Banquet at the Merchants' Club.
The Welfare of San Francisco and California Was the
Keynote of the Sentiment Expressed in
Response to the Toasts,
THE members of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association and their
guests, men prominent in the com
mercial and professional life of the
city, sat down last night l-> the annual
banquet in the large dining room of the
Merchants' Club, on the eighth lloor of
the Mutual Life building. Nearly 200
gentlemen extended their limbs under the
table to discuss a menu that fully war
ranted the close attention they bestowed
and fully prepared them for the oratorical
feast that came after the cigars were
lighted.
At the head of the long center table sat
A. Sbarboro, the newly elected president
of the association, who acted as toast
master. On his right sat Mayor Phelan
und on his left C. P. Huntington, each of
whom made responses during the evening
that elicited the greatest merriment. The
keynote to the sentiment of the evening
was "The Welfare of San Francisco," and
to pave the way for those who were to
follow him and point out the means to
be used to attain that end James W.
Kerr, the retiring president, was culled
upon to respond to the toast, "The Work
of the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation. He said, in part:
"In the light of recent events the future
of the Pacific Coast and more particularly
San Francisco has been the subject of
much thought and much discussion. We
have had ideas advanced and exchanged
on this all-absorbing topic. This city '«
bound to grow to be one of the largest
centers in the world. 1 am not mv of
an advocate of the idea of sitting down
and seeing things grow. 1 believe oppor
tunities are present here and that great
developments will take place in the near
future, which will enable us by energetic
work to make San Francisco all you ex
pert and would like it to be. But you
must build, not wait.
"The merchant and manufacturer must
join hands to build up the industries of
the State of California. They must see
to it that this city of San Francisco be no
longer a way station between the manu
facturers of the East and the markets of
the Orient. They must .see. to it that this
city must become a base of supplies. To
place San Franlcsco in !hi. independent
position Is the object of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association, and that
Is the aim and the end of the home indus
try movement in which you are all re
spectfully invited to co-operate."
The health of President McKinley, re
ferred i" by th- toastmaster as the great
est man on earth, was drunk standing.
Congressman-elect Julius Kahn being
called upon to respond. He did so in a
speech that was loudly and frequently
applauded.
"When we speak of our President." he
said, "we can say that when he assumed
the helm of state he found our manufac
turers and producers looking for markets
in vain; he found, indeed, 'sloth in the
mart'; he found the factories closed and
Coxey armies tramping throughout the
land. in two years what do we see? He
has recreated conditions and to-day our
workingmc-n are getting increased wages
and we see in the newspapers reports of
this factory and that factory raising the
hire of Its employes and the balance of
trade in favor of our country during this
last year of six hundred and eighty mil
lions of dollars. Why, gentlemen, if that
condition were continued for another ten
years this Government of ours, this people
of ours, this nation that we all love, will
be the creditor nation of the world. I am
satisfied that even his political opponents
will admit that William McKinley was
the right man at the right time."
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford, who
said he was not a producer in the or
dinary acceptation of the word, respond
ed to the toast, "The State of California."
"Never before," he said, "has the State
been so signally favored as now since
the days of '49. The eyes of the world
are turned to the Golden West and, as
had been suggested by Mr. Kerr, the
State is upon the threshold of a new era.
Logical events had placed California in
the very' forefront, and with all eyes
turned to the Orient California's hand is
I VIOLINIST JOTS WILL I
I JVU_K.E HIS DEBUT HERE |
♦ : ♦
8S SS
4T UL,IU3 *
2S lA. HAUG. a J^_______,^ . • 2?
• J __. I 1"" " " """' . r— ■ ■*■■ ■ — ■■■ n ♦£
♦f) talented vio- \ ' .-. ' , < -,-." ■ , ""^ 4
SS linist, will _ *-»»---^, " '.'•/] SS
♦ make his first ' ' •<**^t^fy^f, ' | ♦
SS appearance in /*&• ' 1 S*
r * this his native f%f, - 4
\ city to-morrow i . . &\^'-' * v - y' ' ' * **
SS ni « !n at the h \g& \ J ♦
♦ Young Men's ! ----- \m, \ » .!
SS Christian Asso- | ' "%&> &§\ ' . 'V St
♦ elation audito- 1 • M ' v^ W?. ■ " - { \
S* rium. He was * " . '" : ' V* \ .} . S*
♦ born' in ISS2. ' '- * *. J& _ ■■ *1
S» When 9 years . . . |f | - *.
♦of .he had v "* - V*-**'- f • V
S» (lev. loped such ■■ - ' . _>
♦ marked ability ' ' : -'^ J/ V
V that his parents ' _ J ''^^^* «'SK, j 1 S
S» took him to Ku- ',1. i^ « ' *S
SS fi'rTart h H C, -°" ' ' '• ' '^' S*
S* tti.- cons. i.y "*" -/__ _^ 85'
t.-ry of Music, '£' ' -^S." ' __F *
n, Vienna, where MSji'^S
_ he made rapid
♦ j.rogress. A t ♦
? the end of thr< •■ __% «*
♦ years he went _pT__S________
♦ I'aris. where _a_ > •*
_» h e
♦ known a a n S aN _ ' y_W_M_^^ujfr_t&_£_W__Wk - « I
V living in an at- . ____s___rv?' '____________! Wm "■ 8?
• ♦ mosphere o f ___H___r^i______^__ • 4
« music. * ! -_______^r^__________i^ 8*
♦ IMs repertoire _Lw__B9___F * ♦
_m__\________
■ itf'^iStF _______ 4
•* entirely ! ii.*- ' -'itWlPy^ So
♦ m. mory. -']____■_ "______r ..-*''__■________! 4
__\____vSßkX ""y ..X^____________hi Sc
■if--- J_ ' B^*' 8?
'• ..w-ki is pro- Hh___P-' _^_____?' m
♦ uneed mar- :l ; '^58 I s?%D____i>
4 i>y all _JBr i_im'M__M *
ins who > FA _* ■■ __P^^ __■_ ____S__- 8!
4 have heard him \£ _3wfT mm^'Jm^ ; '*s W-~ . ♦
• 'Mt_id_ v^^'f* W ><&^s?"._______
H xfna Roberts! ]-' s '>p ®^f^^^£®|| '.'i* " fe* «
♦ c-ontralto; Her- ' -v £#_*'> '' '^^SBBEif^ ♦
SS bert Williams. f, • W S Mv, ;,; r/^Sffi®^^. '- *'.V/'^J •*
♦ M iinan, plan- i* ", ; " ■ J I
.mmc: 1 t^^^_M_£ •'"
♦ Conzerto, A «wl« Si-i *% ~ ;^^-'•' ■««-sB®aciag^__EiESa_SSKS s ! a ««*->'
•* minor. T. S. 8»
♦ Bach; allegro; ♦
_ andante; alle- Julius A. Haugf. 8?
♦ gro assal, Juli- ' .6 ▲
g us A. Haug: •'-.'..„•: o»
" "idle Words" (Adams). Miss Xena Roberts: (a) Romance. F major, Beetho- *_
", yen; (b) Canzonetta. Godard: "Sleep Well. Sweet Angel" (Abt), Herbert Wii- _,
*3 Hams; Zigeunerwetsen (Sarasate), Julius A. Haug. «
♦ i
on the nation's gateway ready to wel
come the commerce of the Far East."
In introducing Mayor Phelan to respond
to the toast. "San Francisco," Mr. Sbar- j
boro painted a dream of the city's future
greatness, which included free salt water
baths in every household. The Mayor,
after avowing that his thunder had been
appropriated, continued:
"The chairman has announced the mv- |
nicipal programme. He forgot but one
thing. In addition to the salt water baths
we are going to have an ordinance pro
viding for compulsory bathing. He re
minds me of another time when a dis
tinguished gentleman. Sir Thomas More, j
made such a municipal programme and I
published his researches under the title I
of 'Utopia.' You will recall his fate. He j
was beheaded."
The remainder of the Mayor's remarks j
were devoted to the grand opportunity i
within the grasp of this city and State !
given by the acquisition of the Philippines j
and he took occasion to say that as a
San Franciscan he felt that the views of j
Thomas Jefferson concerning the acquisi
tion of outlying territory were not fitted i
for these times.
Senator Perkins responded to the toast.
"Our Country." and during the course of ■
his remarks he took occasion to say that \
he, too. could see the great future before j
this city and State and the manufactur
ers and producers. He gloried In the j
achievements of the Oregon and other j
warships turned out on this coast, and i
then he paid a tribute to C. P. Hunting
ton. In it he said that the Southern Pa- I
cific magnate had done more for the State I
than any other six men in it.
The toastmaster called upon Mr. Hunt- |
ington to say something about railroads, I
and the aged railroader acquiesced.'
"I am not one of the scholarly men of
the country. I am not In literature, or
high art. I have been sawing wood for
seventy years. I feel myself honored In
being here to-night. I don't know as I
could say anything except that Mr. Per
kins, my friend, has said something in
favor of myself, for the very first time, I
believe. As he says, you people In San
Francisco have done great things. You !
ran an opposition steamer line to Panama
at the cost of a few hundred thousand
dollars and made millions. You should do
it some more. There are many things for
Californians to. do, and the little things
are the ones to do. I am always doing
something.
"I am not afraid that the star-spangled
banner will be torn down by any nation. ■
The great American system will stand. We
have gone to Manila. I'm glad we have.
And we have a position In the world we
must maintain. Some said we should nit
have gone to the tropics, but we did go
there, and if we can go on raising those
people up we will be doing a good thing."
William Sproule. freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, spoke
of the "Railroad's Relations to Com
merce," and achieved the distinction of j
having made the speech of the evening. I
The relations of the railroads with com- i
merce, he said, were satisfactory, not- I
withstanding the fact that one might be
induced by reading the papers that run
down everything to think otherwise. The
railroads, he continued, seemed to him to
be the poor relations of commerce. He \
told some pertinent stories to illustrate \
his remarks and brought forth much j
laughter.
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president of the 1
Southern Pacific, followed. Other re
sponses were made by Henry J. Crocker,
Dr. J. M. Williamson, Horace Davis, F.
W. Dohrmann, Thomas J. Welsh. Chitf j
Sullivan of the Fire Department, Captain
Nelson. Mr. Wheeler. Julian Sonntag, W. 1
H. Mills, E. A. Denicke and J. A. Fllcher. I
The guests present were:
Among the guests and members present
were the following gentlemen: Mayor
rhelan. Senator George C. Perkins, Julius
Kahn. William Sproule. C. P. Hunt
ington. William F. Herrin. J. C. Stubbs. j
A. D. Shephard, J. A. Filcher. T. C. Coo- I
gar.. F. W. Dohrmann, J. Richard Freud.
Captain Nelson. Tirey L. Ford. E. A. |
Denicke. A. C. Rulofson, E. C. Williams,
Julian Sonntag, Chief Dennis Sullivan, W.
B. Curtis. E. P. Heald. Dr. J. M. William
son, N. P. Chipman, W. R. Wheeler,
Thomas P. Smith. William H. Mills.
Henry J. Crocker, R. P. Schwerin, E.
Scott, E. T. Allen. Thomas Alton, M.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13,* 1899.
BADGE FOR SHERIFF MARTIN
Popular Official Honored by His Associates
at a Banquet.
SHERIFF HENRY S. MARTIN was presented with a handsome diamond
badge last evening by the deputies in his office. The presentation took
place at an elaborate banquet given at Pabst Cafe, at which fifty
guests assembled. The badge is a beautiful speciment of the jeweler's
art and was made by Alfred Liebert, a personal friend of Mr. Martin. On
the face is a laurel wreath in green gold, which surrounds a Bis-pointed
star, with a three-karat diamond in the center. The whole is surmounted by
an eagle In etruscan gold, with a smaller diamond for the eye. On a plain
circle of gold "Sheriff, San Francisco." is enameled in blue. On the reverse
side of the badge Is the following Inscription: "Presented to Henry S. Mar
tin as a token of esteem and respect by his associates."
Sheriff's Attorney Edgar D. Peixotto made the presentation speech in a
complimentary vein, and Mr. Martin responded briefly, though feelingly. As
he aptly put it, "The Sheriff is a man of few words, but of much execu
tion."
Toastmaster Peixotto called on ex-Sheriff Richard Whelan, who spoke
on "How the Sheriff's Office Should Be Run," and recounted some amusing
incidents which occurred when he transferred the jails Over to his successor
last January.
Under Sheriff David C. Martin, to whom the credit for the successful
outcome of the affair was largely due, told of the "Duty of the Subordi
nate." Toasts were also responded to by Recorder Albert C. Berthier, Jules
S. Godeau and others. ' "__V;",
Besides the employes in the office the honored guests present were Louis
Carraine, T. Gay, A. Goustiaux. E. C. Mailhebouou and J. S. Godeau. .
Bauer. W. A. Bender, E. T. Bush, Maur
ice Block, James Brown, G. D. Clark, N.
Clark. George R. Chambers. Andrew Car
rigan. Milton H. Cook. D. W. Crowley. G.
de Latour. R. Romer. James B. Coffey,
L P. Degen, Abner Doble, E. G. Dennis
ton. George E. Dow. Frank P. Doe, vic
tor Engineer. S. Feder. M. Friedman. I.
Friedman. George R. Field. C. V. S. Glbbs
Jr., John Fawbel, George Goodman,
Albert Grunlnger, H. M. Heineman,
E. L. Hueter, W. J. Hotchklss B. E.
Henriksen, Arpad Haraszthy, B. S. Hub
bard, P. W. Harbour. F. J. Koster,
Carl L. Koster, Charles J. King, Roy T.
Kimball, Joseph B. Keenan, C. S. Lau
meister. Charles Lyons, John Loefier. J.
N. Lofstad, J. J. Loggle. W. A. L. Mil
ler, George H. Morehouse. William Arac-
Cann A. J. McNlcoll, R. N. Nason, J. J.
Pfelster. Theodore Poindexter, P. C. Ros
si W. P. Reddington, W. L. Palmer. R.
B. Shainwald. J. C. Sala, M. Schmidt,
J Schmidt, William Schroeder. H. B. Slo
cum. John Partridge, W. W. Stocker.
William D. Townley, J. S. Manley, G. H.
Umbsen, David Bush. L. M. Hoefler, Wil
liam M. Well. Thomas J. Welsh. F. Zan.
Jordan Zan, Dr. James F. Zan of Port
land. Charles R. Allen, W. F. Bowers.
Frank L. Brown. G. L. Walker. H. M.
Brittan, George H. Wallis, George H.
Ismon, Charles H. Crocker, J. P. Currier.
Edward Everett. James W. Kerr. L. It.
Mead. Samuel McKee. A. Sbarboro. l.
Barbiera. M. J. Fontana. C. A. Malm. Dr.
P. de Vecchi. Dr. Joseph Peseta, G. B.
Levaggi. Lulgl Demartini. G. de Luca. A.
E. Sbarboro, N. Ferrogglaro, Andrian
Merle. Cay. G. Serra. Dr. H. J. S.ir'ori.
Horace Partorl. I. Sartorl, Charles Stci
ger, T. O'Brien, F. P. Cole.
Manufacturers nnd Producers
At the annual election yesterday of the
Manufacturers' and Producers" Associa
tion th« following officers were chosen for
the ensuing year: President. A. Sbarboro;
first vice president, James W. Kerr; sec
ond vice president, Frank L. Brown;
third vice president. J. P. Currier; treas
urer, A. B-arb< secretary, Lewis It.
Mead; directors— Charles R. Allen. W. F.
Bowers, Frank L. Brown. J. P. Currier,
Charles H. rocker, Edward Everett, J.
W. Kerr. L. R. Mead. Samuel McKee, A.
McLaughlin and A. Sbarboro.
Ellen M. Henrotin, ex-president of
the Federated Woman's Clubs of
America, writes about the woman's
clubs in California, in next Sunday's
Call. •••-;
A Crazy Picture Dealer.
Otto Frensdorff, a picture dealer, went
into the photographic gallery of. W.
Johnston, 55 Third street, yesterday and
stole a purse belonging to Mrs. Lena
Franklin, the cashier, while she was ab
sent from the office for a moment, lie
returned later and stele two dozen as
sorted photographs and was arrested by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea. Frensdorff
about a week ago swore to a warrant for
the arrest of three women whom he
charged ha.l robbed him, but it was
learned that he was laboring under a
hallucination and he was sent before the
Insanity Commissioners, but was dis
charged. ; V'<-
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill, 309 Larkln.s
Two Years for Counterfeiting.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday sentenced Henry D. Pelle to im
prisonment at hard labor for two years in
the penitentiary and to pay a fine of $100.
The prisoner had pleaded- guilty to mak
ing counterfeit silver dollars. r ,- -:
Mauvais, 769 Market street, for sheet
music. -' .'-«"./■ "/*•,;"
Killed by a Fall.
The body of an unknown man was
found yesterday at the foot of a flight of
stairs leading from the street to the base
ment in front of 8M Pacific street. The
body was shabbily dressed and tin-- man
was evidently a tramp who had fallen
down the steps while under the influence
of liquor. .:■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J, Noonan, 1017-10.3 Mleslon.
CHOSEN FRIENDS END
THEIR GRAND SESSION
OFFICERS ELECTED FOR THE
CURRENT TERM.
CURRENT TERM.
A Peculiar Case That Calls for a Judi
cial Construction of the Law
of the Order.
At the second session of the Grand
Council of the Order of Chosen Friends
yesterday morning the consideration of
I the proposition of reduction of time
when the assessments be forwarded to
the* proper officers was resumed, and
after a lengthy discussion was adopted.
The grand councilor appointed Past
Grand Councilors J. M. Fulweiler, A. B.
Sanborn, Mrs. Henry Jr_.yOt, T. H. Sel
vc-ge". Daniel So well, C. M. Arnold and
H. W. Hutton a committee to draw up
resolution:- to the memory of L. Caro of
San Bernardino Council, grand trustee,
and Its report was adopted.
The report of the committee on laws
and supervisions was adopted.
The salary of the grand treasurer was
allowed to remain as at present. The
contingent fund for the grand councilor
was fixed at $1000.
There was a spirited contest for su
preme representatives. Four ballots were
taken. On the first. W. F. Gibson of So
cial Council, T. 11. Selvege of Star Coun
cil and Edward I. Wolfe of America
Council were chosen; on the second bal
lot, ''.'; was no cnoice; on the third
ballot Mrs. Clara J. Sweeney of Evans
Council was .-i, -.-• on the fourth no
choice, and "ii the fifth F. D. Brandon
of Sunset Council was elected. Mr_.
_______ ADVERTISEMENTS.
®+® ♦<•) ♦ S>f® X ®+®t® X ®+®+® ♦ • ♦< • ♦- • ' ♦®+ ®+® + ®+® J ®+®+® 4- ®->®>®
1 CURED OF WEAKNESS! I
_ vUaILiP _T rrEA__.lL/Jdi £
+ ■ ■■ yyr. . ♦
® ..... ®
® m^SLmm Another of the Remarkable ®
® (ISSi^lßlSft Victories of Dr. _ande_'s ®
r Mliin^J^J^Wf **.»*• »^CvffK__B_i '■ It1 't i * n 11 *
x ifesil^ ■ tleclnc Belt> ' x
6 ypMWt&WrMk^*** WMSBSW&M D R- McLACGHLIN-Dear Sir: The X
„ '^ttHlriri-'—t _i"-- r f^_7 BSSwSS@»aS_3 Belt received from you some time ago ha« _
X Zsy;i :^^yy£''-tyvy proved a Godsend to met It has done T
''*-■ R»El_?S__s_Sgl s&S* __. , '%B»^S«?.%' wonders fur me and has iput my wife ®
X -ir]_G^'~c ! -<«^^; / T^^EwSl-M in hetter health than she has been for 4-
® : --'!_^ A*^ _ 4 >!«%-< years. She has gained In strength and ®
7 iiWS.^ fl fill «_^l feels as good a!? she could wish. It has *■
(i- tigSltWl t_ A C. ■ Wbtfl completely cured me of weakness and am (»;
4 /i— SSiaH- -A .V - -X— — I strong in every way, and feel as well +
Ci) » .; * - " i.V ■ i as I ever did. The Belt has done what (J)
_J. doctors and patent medicines have failed to do, and think It a cheap cure, as I i
/j} had spent over 1200 trying to get relief for myself and wife. I feel very grateful, X
V for <;.'•' only knows what I Buttered before trying the Belt.' I had about given up V
X hop.- and was sick and tired of trying different thing* with the same result. I cannot X
— ' tell you how I feel toward you, but will do all I possibly can to make known the ®
-4- good I have received From your Belt and advice. You can use this letter as you -♦■
/jjs like and can refer any one to me you wish, and I will easily prove what I say (i)
V is true. Wishing your Belt the success It deserves, I remain yours very truly. ' V
X ':S y y'i -:-'. J- W. YELNIC. J
_ Union House, Sacramento County, Cai. ®
® MEN, DON'T BE WEAK. SEND FOR THIS BEJ.T. ®
0 There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing (j)
a that will relieve the pain and stiffness as speedily as DR. SANDEN'S jl
rj ELECTRIC • BELT. Its cures are numbered by the thousands. Every ®
.+ day brings fresh proofs of its power. If you have Rheumatism, Lame _
S Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or Weakness in the Nerves or Vital Organs, you ®
■t ought to consult Dr. McLaughlin. He will tell you whether his Belt will ♦
® cure you, and give you advice free. If you cannot call, send for the ?
X free book, "Three Classes of Men," which will be sent sealed to ad- ~r-
5. dress for the asking. Don't put it off. Act to-day. • There is nothing 1
{£ more important than your health. Call or address ( ~-
I or. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my book, i
''& «02 Market .St.. cor. Kearny. 8. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," X
W Or 204 V. South Broadway. Lob Angeles. :-™~™' ®
X Office hour.— B a. in. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sunday*, IT IS MAILED FREE. -♦-
® 10 to 1. NEVEK SOLD IN DRUG STORES. (})
'. $*^X®X®+.&<^+l§rT<^
Sweeney is the first lady member of the
order who has been accredited to the Su
preme Council as a representative. _^
As alternates there were chosen: Dan
iel Sewell of Samaritan Council, E. R.
Teil of Friendship Council, A. O. Carpen
ter of Ukiah Council, A. B. Sanborn of
Jackson Council and Mrs. E. C/ Gorman
of Sacramento Council. . ;'■_• •_•:
Then followed elections with the fol
lowing result: William H. Savage of
Martha Washington Council of San Pe
dro, grand councilor; D. J. Hartley of
Sacramento Council, grand assistant
councilor; Dr. R. S. Markell of Amico
Council, Cloverdale, grand vice coun
cilor; S. C. Wallis of Evans Council, San
Francisco, grand recorder (re-elected);
Miss Clara McDonald of Social Council,
San Francisco, grand treasurer; Mrs.
Lizzie Morse of Rainbow Council, Marys
ville, grand prelate; Mrs. Jennie Pratt of
Evans Council, San Francisco, grand
marshal; Mrs. M. A. Boarland of Stand
ard Council, Bodie. grand warden; Mrs.
Minnie Lakin of San Rafael Council,
grand guard; Mrs. A. Boehm of Golden
Gate Council, San Francisco, grand sen
try; E. A. Webber of Guardian Council,
San Jose, trustee for short term; J. i .
McDonnell of Comstock Council, \irgima
City, trustee for the long term.
It was resolved that it was the sense of
the Grand Council that medical examin
ers should be beneficiary members of the
order. . It : " '•'.-' _^- „
The next session of the Grand Council
will be held in San Francisco in 1901.
It was resolved that a premium of 12 be
paid to a member who brings in a candi
date, but not until after he shall have
paid two assessments. • ,
It was decided to appropriate $300 to help
defray the expenses of the approaching
twentieth anniversary of the order.
A vote of thanks was tendered to the
Progressive Councils for its reception on
Tuesday night, and one to the press and
particularly to The Call for its courtesy
to the order in reports of its proceedings.
A vote of thanks was also extended to
the retiring grand councilor for his ear
nest work in behalf of the order during
his term of office.
A very peculiar case occupied the at
tention of the Grand Council for some time.
A member of Rainbow Council of Marys
ville. Margaret Carr, made her son her
beneflciarv in the sum of $3000. The son
died suddenly, and three days later, be
fore Mrs. Carr had an opportunity to
change her beneficiary, she died. The widow
of the son claimed the money, and so did
two sisters of Mrs. Carr, and one of her
nieces also claimed the money. The law
of the order says that "should all the
beneficiaries selected by the member die
before the decease of such member the
benefit shall be paid to the heirs of the
deceased member dependent upon him or
her; and if no person or persons shall be
entitled to receive such benefit by the laws
of this order it shall revert to the relief
fund." Upon inquiry it was discovered
that none of the claimants were dependent
upon Mrs. Carr. and the claim was not
allowed to either. The matter was re
ferred to the supreme vice councilor and
grand recorder, to prepare a full state
ment of the case and law for transmission
to Rainbow Council. The matter will no
doubt be brought into court to have the
law of the order juaicially determined, as
the order is ready to pay the money as
soon as it can be ascertained who is en
titled to it.
The officers elected for tho current two
vear term were then installed by Past
Supreme Councilor C. M. Arnold, and the
session was closed after addresses by the
new officers.
To-night the grand officers and repre
sentatives will be the guests of Evans
and Golden Gate councils at a reception
to be given in the Social Hall of the For
esters' building.
OLYMPIC'S RACE MEET.
Eiders Have About Completed Their
Active Training.
The cycle racers are putting the finish
ing touches to their training, preparatory
to the bit* race meet to be held by the j
Olympic Club "Wheelmen next Sunday at
their outside grounds on H street, south
of the park. The blue line of electric
cars "pass the door." so that the track is
readily accessible from downtown. There
is a big entry list, and the handicaps for
the open events will be announced to
morrow. Official Handicapper R. A.
Smyth is now worrying over them.
The club in promoting this meet is do
ing a great deal for the sport here and
should have the hearty support of all in
terested in the game. Some innovations
are promised, which will add interest to
the game, and the fact that the Olympic
Wheelmen are handling it is a guarantee
of a large attendance and a good show.
The officials for the meet will be: Judges
—James E. Little, Capital City Wheel
men; Frank H. Kerrigan, Bay City
Wheelmen; E. 13. Jerome. Reliance Club;
A. P. Swain, Acme; Charles Albert Ad
ams. Olympic. Timers— George P. Wet
mere, Bay City: Clinton R. Coulter,
Olympic: Tony Delmas, Garden City:
John McGlynn, Olympic. Scorers— A. J.
Menne, Bay City; Joseph S. Lewis, Road
Club; Frank Bush, California Club. Clerk
— W. L. Loos, Olympic; assistant. J. F.
Hancock, Bay City. Marshals— George
Meihlir.g and W. B. Wegener. Announcer
—George E. Dixon, Bay City. Starter-
John Elliott Olympic. Referee— Frank W.
Fuller, Olympic.
Who Owns Yellow TailP
The preliminary examination of Fred
| Foster, the horseman, charged with ob
taining money by false pretenses from A.
Howard, the Australian plunger, was
continued before Judge Conlan yesterday.
Only three witnesses were examined,
when an adjournment was made til' to
day. The witnesses were Henry Froe
li.it. bookmaker; S. W. Chubbuck, Oak
land, and Edward Ranfuraw, 2S3S Fol
som street; but their evidence was unim
portant. Foster had to give new bonds
yesterday, as it was discovered that the
ones he was released on were defective.
The Original Little Louisiana Co. of San
Francisco— Drawing April 8. 1899.
No. 69.431 wins f7GOO, sold In San Francisco,
Cai. ' No. 70.303 wins $2000, sold In San Fran
cisco, Cai.; No. 74,131 wins JICOO, sold In Stock
ton, Cai.; No. 51,125 wins $500. sold In San
Fraud: co, Cal.: Nob. 84,845 and 93.171 each wins
?250. sold In San Francisco, Cai.: Nos. 18,821,
29.583. 59,696, T7.:s_ and 95,035 each wins $100,
■old in San Francisco, Cal., and San Jose, < 'al.
Prizes cashed, at No. 35 New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco. Cal. ■ ,- '■• ',' : < ; N • •
Beal Estate Deal.
A big real estate transaction was ac
! complished yesterday through the mcdi
* tim of Speck & Co. The three large flats
' belonging to Ernest Kassow and situated
i on Post street, 87:6 feet east of Larktn,
were bought by Sarah and Abe Goodman.
The lot Is 25x137:6 feet. The price re
ceived for land and improvements was
$14,000.
LIST OF PHIZES.
OFTICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "D," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C. A., on Satur-
day. April 8, 1899.
The Honduras National Lottery has no daily
drawing and Is not connected with any dally
drawing.
Mo. Prize, priz ?oc PrU «-
-71 II 123 »] "J M
563 16 621 M .<* "
74. 241 .22 -> -* .*! \
947::: _. m so. 1163 l|
1190 16, 1249 **! J2*g 16
1296 24 1619 24 1 1622 M
1632 16 17.3.. • 161 _*» ii
1&33 24 1901 16 2243 24
2329 tO 2444 16 1 2490 }"
2595 16' 2599 16 1 -629 M
2663 16 2675 16 2bSO 80 j
2764 16 2787 80 2863 40 1
2884 : 3157 40(3192 16 i
3196 16, 3318 16 i 335. 40
3433 16 3556 24, 3,06 SO ;
3720 40 37.0 16:3.25 16
35.53 10 4017 16, 4026 SO I
4104 16 4274 161 456* 16 |
4605 So 4712 24; 4SS2 40 |
5034 16 5067 16 5.125 24 |
5126 24; 5141 24 5318 16 j
5377 24 5470 SO, 5590 10
6595 16 5616 16 5648 40 |
5736 24 5874 16 1 6031 16
1083 16 6056 40 6"72 120 ■
6057 16! 6134 16, 61.0 16 :
621S 40 6357 16 6361 X
6499 bo, 6662 24 6569 24 :
70.9 16 7242 40 7263 24 i
7.7» SOI 7305 24 7313 24;
736. 16' 7409 16 7486 24 |
7776 24. 7019 8U 8219 16
.258 24 8267 16; .317 24
...S3 40 8547 16 8603 16;
8741 16! SB3is 16, 8843 16
$983 16 j 8990 16; 9230 16
I 9281 80 9362 SO 9399 16
9530 16 5620 24, 9735 40
9880 16 9950 801
10038 16 10513 40 10551 80
10666 21*10670 80; 10696 16
10849 24111038 16 11312 40 :
11371 80|11587 16 1.036 40;
1 12107 16112117 24|12439 40
11612 40|12519 80112576 24 |
12675 16112676.. 16 12745 16 |
12900 16,13329 1611334S 24 1
13375 24 13427 24113544 80 I
13799 16,13821 40113853 16 |
13912 16 14067 120,14322 16 I
14518 16 14573 120 14659 IB
14705 80J14527 16 14947 40
15087 24115175 40 15306 16 :
15355 15506 24 15546 16 [
15559 40j15605 24 16626 16;
15788 16813 40 15837 16 i
16267 24 16437 40 16471.. 16
16521 16:16541 16 16554 24
16642 16 16717 24 16738 80
16774 1616852 16 16547 16 |
16979 24 17026 16 171 S3 24 ;
17402 16,17556 80 17666 24
17730 16,17737 17836 24 j
17956 17965 24.18149 40 j
18182 18230 24 18321 16
| 18359 24 18415 16 18427 24!
18431 24 18524 16 13528 16
18701 24 18805 16 18810 24
18821 400115549 16 18890 16 !
19140 16;i9149 161 9196 16 j
19337 19365 16 19564 24
I 19635 1619766 24:19864 120 I
! 19963 2119978 , 40
20021 4020072 24120236 24 I
20306 4020483 24:20507 24 J
120531 2420532 24 20536 80 j
; 20683 24 20852 16 21053 16;
! 21163 80.'21304 80.21521 16 ;
2160S 24 21934 16 22047 80 j
22084 80:22157........ 16 22332 40
22423 16 __511 50j22518 16]
22662 120,22779 24 22366 24 i
22957 2122988 40-23098 24
23166 16 23267 16.23420 16
23436 180133(39 24 23627 16
123692 24|24000 * 40 24063 SO
24252 80 24276 24312 16 j
24327 16 24331 80 24860 24
243.7 24 2445. 24 21561 16 '
2458. 24,24690 16 24798 80'
24.79 84135008 24 25041 16
25080 II 25157 16 25632 120 '
! -715 16 25782 24,25844 16
; 25882 2435895 16,26018 120;
26210 24128231 16 26236 16
26265 24 26125 1626444 40
I 26463 24 26552 16 26681 24
26684 16126688 24136722 16 :
27164 40 27189 1627364 16
27.08 16 27452 40127615 16'
27950 16128067 24 28083 16
28113 24,28238 40|28634 24
28814 24)28639 16,28901 24,
2*.«21 40|2?925 16 29016 24
88108 40|29_55 16.29338 24
29389 400(29473 120129511 40
2.52S 81 - '587 40 29651 80 -
29734 4.29789 24 29919 40 '.
29964 lb
3006. 24 30147 16 30251 80
30402 3fjBoso] 40 30708 40
30765 24 j 31055 4031093 16
31126 16 31224 24131368 16
31452 4 31488 4> 31599 16
31617 40,31826 24 31863 40 1
31951 40131958 16 ,8*052 16;
32137 80,32271 16 32363 16
32413 1. 32117 16,32447 40 !
324.6 16.-.2191 40 32585 21
32594 16 32647 80483806 24-
-33025 24)33086 16 33139 16
33140 24 33169 16,33304 24
33319 24 33334 16 3.338 I.
33389 16 33470 16.33526 16 :
33609 16:33627 40 33695 80 '
33744 80 33804 8033824 40
33838 21,3.904 lt>i-396S ..24
34789 1634798 24 34913 40:
34925./. 24 34969 40i35301 16 i
354C0 24 35491 24,35518 16 i
35589 12- 35644 16 35677 16
35679 24,36235 40136269 24 i
36434 40136461 1838807... . 24 I
36550.'. 24-35588 24-36657 16
86881 16 36908 16 36916 16 !
37117 1637180 16 37192 SO
372*1 4037272 16 37325 24
37395 24 37509 24137562 21
37681 16 37699 16.17823 16
37930 16 38050 16138113 16 !
35175 16,38197 1638449 80 i
38546 4" 38562 40 i 38604 16 '
88688 24 33676 1638732 16
38824 16 38948 16 3*951 16
88018 18188198 4" 39339 40 1
39502 M 39531 24 39545 ' 24
-9550 24;39625 40 39691 i 16
40023 1640085 8040150 10
41165 24140229 40268 „ I
10333 80 40437 1640458 16
40602 24 40749 1640756 24 I
41029 16 41089 24 41111 .5 |
41420 4041458 16 41469 24
41470 4041563 41599 16
41828 16 41683 41774 40
41882 .16 42007 16 42039 24
42105 24 42175 24 42356 16
42388 16|42611 16 42617 40
42022 16142728 2442914 24
42929 40J42985 16 43043 24
43160 40,43183 16 43341 16
43743 16,43846 16 44019 80
44064 16 44169 16 44249 16
44284 40 41402 16 44540.. 16
44579 44633 24144638 120
4483" 24 44843 44932 16
45090 40 45125 24 45456.... Ie
15547 16 15619 16 43671 ) 16
45845 ' 24.45925 40:45944 16
46021 24,46035 40 46137 16
46231 16148239 120 ! 46373 40
l' 87 2446626 24 46712 24
46.800 16 46801 120 46*06.... " 24
40945 16|48983 1647000 IS
47117 80,17211 47241 24
47214 40 47305 80 47375 16
4770:t 24 47777 40147798 ". 16
1 17944 60,43079 24 48102 24
48154 U 48181 16 4.277...... 40
45332 BO 1-36" 24 48494......" in
45546 24 18725 SO 48762 ' 16
491 US 16(49523 16149878 2.
49*78.. 16:49881 16149307.. 16
■'.01,02 40150086 40:50226. "*"' ifi
00253 16:50302 34 60419...;.; 24
504:i7 16,50597 ! 50694.... ; 24
f.0742 4050761 16:50800.... '" 24
6CK2B 16 50842 16;50555 24
ElOBB 21151125 2000,.-,ns2 16
t,\m, ......... 24151450 24 51539 .0
M-'H ■'•!'•'" 24.51732 16
SJTBI .... 2451861 1651826 ! 16
Jl'*l 52115 2452198 16
«2i'.l 24152203 24 52643 24
M 672 ' 2702 2452707 24
62971 16 03112 80 53138 16
Mill :. 16153203 16153325........ 16
f'367l 16 53727 24154056 24
54237 4015434S 24134391 .. 80
M 616 16J6461 ... 16 54644 V. 40
64fi|9 16(54675 li, .-.1768 40
sls2:i •.. 16;54581 16 -.„ 16
53039 16155261 10 5526: 16
f-5274 120|55441 16155531 21
53736 55811 16 65884 16
56129 40;3fi210 16 66224 16
56519 21 0-2' 16 '0571 16
56616 24J56G75 16 68808 '4
SCS7I. 120)56873 40 56929.; ...... 16
57059 24 57121 41.57131 .4
57135 24157161 80 7424 40
■ 37653 24157669.. 24 67773 24
67817 1657689 16(57976 16 -
57995 l 58440. 40 58577. 40
58581........ 40135743 16 59122 " 40
59164 40|59154 16(59362 1,1
50377 40159857 24|59450 . " 16
59.'3S 16,596.6 400,,-,&75.v. . KO
59553 1659590 W 58970.'.;.-..!! 16
6C005 40J60192.. 40601.3... " "4
60219 16;C0338 24161361. ..."" i«
6042S 16160515., ...... 50160714 '" IB
60725 40 60855 40(60920.; '.'..'," ik
C 0977 -40(61115 24161143 ' 17,
61240 10.6131" 2101372.. IK
81402 40.61355 18 61561, '" _-_
61626 16161670 24 61702...."" i«
61787 4061993 4" 621 17... "" 40
62028........ 16)62031 24 62076 . ''* VI
62223 24162224 02271. .""*' 94
C 2279 16,62280 16162336...."" if.
62453 12437 40 62470.... " IK
C 2471 R0J62.-26 MM62545.... " {a
e2M9 Ml- : 21 6263*.... ' 5?
C2C69........ 24162761 16162798.. i,
' 62*49 ...... 16:C2597....;... 4062921..... " J,,
12953 16 62.054 16 03098.... "* in
1 03123 24JG3234 16'«r.351 "•• i,'
63355 24 63421 16 ; 6346S " _
I 63182 16:63730........ 16163512 ! Irt
63519 16163957 40 64097... 'Ifi
, 04178 i 64362 2! 360 ." 24
'J 64411 80164606.. 10 61621 ! |J
LIST OF PRIZES.^
No. Prize. JNo. PrlZ |6
64656 16*64698 6 64793 80
S::::::: . fflSfess: 16 ||:::"i" lb
65366 24,65380 M.60468 16
X::::::: !aSfe_s 24 «:""" W
m 2 1 "::-y. il
66Q84 4066107 :S:^_-7 is
66227 16166239 JJ *gf ;; «
€«;66S 16;66650 24 -": 24
66929 4006996 40 6.052 :: ie
67107 2467148 Vit--nl "/II 16
67263 2467373 \'. 6 . .' / ; »
67671 40167865 *;;.,;, «
67936 16168153 16 65333 »
68418 1«i6M19 16,68446 «
65475 16168556 24.65.04 »
68820 40(68935 ,\ n \fsl\ 24
69069 120 69218 120 ''•..' .30000
69334 1669350 40 69431 30000
69460 16 69503 80 63633 16
63643 1669680 16,69634 .«
69804 24 69324 J&'SraM „.. 8000
70137 2470250 16 7 0303 »
70496 80J70C55 40 7C691 *«
70702 2470704 lb .0.14 io
70803 24 ..L ntn . 24
70955 4071064 80 71080 «
71141 8071240 2471283 »
71358 1671503 16 71602 40
71768 40171770 40.1.3- 16
71797 16171605 ■••• 40 71823 «
72122 16,72139 » i 2148 •• »
72217 40 72224...*... f4;.22.6 |«
72348 24 72389 _ fi 4." •• 13
72462 80 72560 <oi £__ 16
72842 1672889 16 78056 %
73163..: 8073245 120 73264 40
73426 73537 24 .3t>24 24
73871 4073914 40.7393? "
74014 74019 16j.41t'D 16
74128 16174131 «SJ»S «
74166 4074210 24,.4 23. «
74.116 1674444 16 74446 JO
74603 1675030 80 , i?, 1 ,T n RO
75137 24 75114 40175190 80
75676 16175686 807580, -*
75875 1670108 76131 V,
76167 1676324 16 7>'4 -•
76565 70047 16 76650 *'
76829 24 7683. .'■•" 16
77005 .... 24177026 7737 120
771"3 77162 16 77182 -»
77255 120177282 400177339 24
77350 1677396 16177620 »
77623 1617767S 40177728 "
77751 4" 77754 16(77849 16
77962 16.78026 4078064 16
78082 16178194 40;7.8221 24
78289 .... 40.78294 24178362 "
78542 4078551 120 78621 16
78905 2479086 2479164 24
7917" 24 7.405 16 79420 16
79564 80,79807 16179845 - 1
79992 16180022 16180201........ 40
80355 1680391 16|80411 16
8"473 1680508 16180552 16
80694 401 I _I ..
80710 24181008 40 81060 24
81067 24 81074 16181404 24
81441 8081640 81543 «
81553 4081846 81771 »
81814 120 81990 80182110 24
82122 40182167 40 82176 24
82240 16182241 24 82320 16
82335 40 82452 24 82463 V'
82168 40J52507 24152514 •*>
82629 24-82803 24:82830 24
82924 4" ;.i..;r.-i I 
82960 1683018 24(83050 16
53073 1683256 16(83481 40
83610 8083629 1683389 16
83673-. 80,83959 24 84020 16
84309 16,84337 24 84406 40
84425 80 84493 16,84535 16
84721 SO(S4S4S 1000|84863 24
85060 24(85083 16185244 24
85496 1685571 16 5565S 16
85934 16 85937 85959 24
86120 24:86238 24 86320 1C
86336 16 86487 86754 4'
86847 120187278 4 87284 SO
87286 40)87386 16)87418 24
87420 1687448 16,87545 8"
87594 80187613 87757 80
87799 2488048 16 88115 80
88137 16188232 8" -'-274 40
88306 40 88443 16 88447 16
SB5lO 24 88544 40.88795 24
88<-31 24 ! 88956 16 890.89 24
89177 16(89221 24189278 24
89340 4089449 24 -9470 16
89551 16.89596 10 89759 24
89859 89973 40
90026 80190069 24190242 16
90255 1690383 16 90516 120
90671 24190825 16190946 80
90955 10 91011 16191027 4"
91090 16 91412 40191443 16
91598 24 91888 2491923 80
91975 40 92039 40 92052 40
92007 92145 16192163 18
92221 24 92230 92427 80
92462 1692498 80 92590 1"
92670 24 92711 40192758 16
92802 24(92819 16 92936 40
92974
93020.."..... 24 93031 24 93171 1000
93204 16 93227 219325" 24
93284. 16193309 16193542 16
93629 16193866 24193919 80
93965 40-94081 4"94261 . ... 16
94349 16 94458 16194517 24
94542 16-94555 4 94614 16
94802 24(94848 .... 16:94876.../.... 18
95035 A'" 96282 24 95336 10
95365 24 95389 1695390..... 40
95498 16195663 '. 4" 95744 .. 16
95759 24 9592" 40196046 16
96269 96319 24 96394 ->4
96444 24 96502 24 90619...;'.'.'.'. _,
9671S 11 90787 41 96871 11
67063 97242 9733:,;'." 40
97536 16197545 40 97632 16
97681........ 16 97769 24 97777 "4
97921 40(97997 24198009..... .1. "4
95106 24198379 249-033;;;;;;;; ;
98667 10198687 24.98816 "4
99079 4099159 16199209 16
99356 24 9913" 16199569 40
99664 16 99726 10 99777..;;...; 24
99875 40,99967 16)
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 69.351 to 69.4-1 In-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of. th»
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000
— $40.
One hundred numbers from 70,253 to 70,353 in-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of' the
number drawing the capital prize of JSOOO— S24
One hundred numbers from 74,081 to 74,181 in-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side' of' the
number drawing the capital prize of $4000— 516.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 31, being the two last figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000— $S.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
ing with 03, being the two last figures of the
number drawing the second capital prize of
$8000— $8. "..TTj »
The subscriber, having supervised the single
drawing, Class D, Honduras National Lottery
Company, hereby certifies that the above are
the numbers which were this day drawn from
the 100,000 placed In the wheel, with the prizes
corresponding to them.
"Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras
C. A., this Saturday, April 8, 1899.
W. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$2000 for 50 cents, one quarter of second cap-
ital prize.
State of Illinois, County of Cook, gs.
John W. Cremerius, being first duly sworn,
deposes and says that he resides at 857 N
Claremont avenue. Chicago, 111., and that he
was the bona flde holder of one-fourth ticket
No. 29.713. Class C. Honduras National Lottery
Company of Puerto Cortez, Honduras, which
drew the second capital prize of $SOOO In the
drawing of March 11, 1899, and I, the affiant
do hereby acknowledge the receipt from said
lottery company the sum of $2000 in payment of
said ticket. JOHN W. CREMERIUS.
Witness: JOSEPH A. ZANGERLE JR.
On this 27th day of March. 1899, personally
appeared John YV. Cremerius, the affiant, and
made oath to and acknowledgement of the
above affidavit and receipt, respectively.
MARTIN BROCKMAN, Notary Public.
$2000 for 50 cents, one quarter of second capi-
tal prize.
State of Illinois, County of Peoria, ss.
Mrs. W. E. Boots, residing at 919 N. Adams
street, Peoria, 111., being first duly sworn, de-
poses and says that she Is the bona fide pur-
chaser and owner of one-quarter ticket No.
29.513. Class C, Honduras National Lottery
Company of Puerto t'ortez, Honduras, which
drew the second capital prize of $8000, «S.-awing
of March 11. 1889. MRS. YV. E. BOOTS.
Signed in my presence and sworn to before
me this 17th day of March, 1899.
I DAVID E. CONIGISKY. Notary Public.
$1000 for 25 cents, one-eighth of second capi-
tal prize.
State of Massachusetts,
County of Middlesex, ss
William W. Wyman, of the city of Somer-
ville. County of Middlesex and State of Massa-
chusetts, being duly sworn, deposes and says
that he resides at 28 Avon street, Somerviile
Mass.. and that he is the true, rightful and
bona fide owner of one-eighth ticket No. 29 513
Class C, of the Honduras National Lottery
Company, the drawing of which . was held on
Saturday. March 11. 1899. at Puerto Cortez.
Honduras, C. A., which drew the second capital
prize of $8000, and that he received the amount
of his prize In full. WILLIAM W. WTMAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th
day of March, A. D. 1899.
... ■.-■'•; J. ROBERT FENELON,
Justice of the Peace.
Original of the foregoing affidavits held by
president of Honduras. National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery Company)
E. W. Gallenkamp, Washington. Mo., won
whole of first capital prize of $30,000, March
drawing. Affidavit will be published In full
next month. «-.i\_ .'
• * -. ■■>•':■'•■-■ . .
Prizes Cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cai. *
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April it.
Stmr Rio de Janeiro, Ward. - days from
Hongkong and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, 21 days 6 hours from
Panama and way ports.
Ship Charmer, Holmes, 151 days from Phila-
delphia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed April 12-Stmr Point
1 Arena, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG-Arrived April 12-Stmr Se-
quoia, hence April 11. •
PORT BLAKELET— SaiIed April 12-Schr
Excelsior, {or San Francisco.
. PORT GAMBLE Sailed April 12-Ship Shen-
andoah. for Port Pirle. ' .
ISMMiiifYwEDUCATORS IN
ANNUAL SESSION
Teachers' Institute in Mission
High School.
President Bergerot of the Directors and
Mayor PheSan Deliver Addresses.
Work of Sections.
THE annual session of the Teachers' i
Institute of the city and county of
San Francisco began at 9 o'clock yes- j
terday morning In the auditorium of
the Mission High School. Every Beat was
taken and among the prominent persons
who occupied seats on the stage and par
ticipated in the exercises were President
Bergerot of the Board of Education, May
or Phelan and Prof. - Dresslar of ihe
University of California, The hall was
artistically decorated with pink and blue
bunting, national flags and flowers and j
ferns. President Bergerot in his address
gave the teachers a gentle hint that they
must keep up with the progressive spirit
Of the age if they hoped to retain their
positions; as mossbackism would not be
tolerated in the department.
The general assemblies are held morn- j
ings and evenings, the evenings being de
voted to section work divided among the
several grades. An interesting and "'"
structive illustrated lecture was delivered
in the Girls' High School last evening by
Professor J. Liberty Tadd of Pennsylva
nia on "New Methods in Education."
As a preliminary to the addresses it the
assembling of the teachers in the morn
ing the children of the fifth and , th
grades, under the direction of Miss Es
telle Carpenter, marched on the stage and
sang several pretty selections. Superin
tendent of Schools R. H. Webster, ex
officio president of the institute, then wel
comed the teachers and briefly outlined
the work to be done.
"It is ; , matter of gratification to know
that the movement represented in this
meeting has met with so much sympathy
from the leaders In education," said the
speaker, "and I must express my thanks
to the Board of Education and Its presi
dent who Is With us here to-day, to Pres
ident Jordan of Stanford University and
to the faculty of the University of Cali
fornia for their sympathy and support."
President Webster then introduced
President Bergerot of the Board of Edu
cation, who made a short address, in
which he said he believed that San Fran
cisco was entering upon a new era in edu
cational and municipal matters and ex
pressed the belief that with the new char
ter the best interests of the people would
be protected. Continuing he said:
"Our Freeholders deserve the plaudits
and the gratitude of the people of San
Francisco, and this is particularly true
In regard to the public school, which, In
spite of its delects, 18 representative of
tne best traits of American character.
Uur public school system is the bulwark
of our civilization, and there is no sacri
fice that we are not willing to make to
maintain its integrity. But our public
school system is yet in its infancy, and
what does not progress retrogrades. The
baneful influence of politics has tended to
lower the tone of our public schools, but
I am happy to say that this evil tendency
is in a fair way of being eliminated.
"Some of our teachers execute their
work, In a perfunctory' manner, as if the
community owed them a livipg. There
are others who do not keep in touch with
the best literature Of their profession.
Under the charter such teachers as do
not come up to the standard will be elim
inated. The new Board of Education is
animated with the termination to place
the public schools on a Bound, economical,
financial basis. We hope you will co-op
erate with us In bringing order out of
chaos."
Mayor Phelan was then introduced and
spoke on the "Importance of the Perma.
nent Improvement of Our Public School
Department." He referred to the dis
graceful record of the last board, and
said it was a matter of congratulation
that the city had been able to secure such
a good and efficient board as the present
one. *
A city offers a great many induce-,
ments for a population to remain within
Its limits," continued the Mayor, "if it
permanently improves i's educational
system. We need not fear the loss of our
pre-eminence In this respect, for San
Francisco is a natural educational center.
For the sparse population of California
our two great universities are remarkable
and these educational institutions at our
door furnish a strong guarantee of perma
nent improvement In our school system.
"We have accomplished much in the
new charter, under which a fund will be
created so that the teachers will be sure
of their salaries at the end of every cal
endar month, and the charter will also
give us the means of providing new build
ings. In this connection I desire to say
that If there is one thing that the last
board did for the city that is not a mat
ter of regret it is in giving us this mag
nificent building."
The Mayor referred to the necessity of
looking after the health of the pupils In
the public schools. He regarded that as
of even more Importance than the educa
tion of the youth, and in conclusion ho
felicitated the teachers on the municipal
legislation which he declared would re
sult In lasting benefit to the school sys
tem of the city.
At the conclusion of the Mayor's ad
dress a recess of five minutes was taken,
and upon reconvening a vocal solo was
very pleasingly rendered by Mrs. C. W.
Mark. Dr. F. B. Dresslar of the Depart
ment of Pedagogy of the University of
California was then Introduced to deliver
an address on "Hygiene In Public
Schools." He said In part:
" 'A good mind In a good body,' it is
said. 1 will go further and say. 'Good
morals In a good body." While I am a
thorough believer In education, I believe
more In good health, and if we can help
the children to acquire a good education
in a healthful way we are doing a great
deal for the State. We need better air.
If we want pure air we must continually
change the air in the school rooms so it
won't create a draught. We hear a great
deal about children being overworked. A
certain amount of fatigue Is necessary
and healthful. Merely . being awake and
sitting up produces a certain amount of
fatigue. : - : :.-'
"We want strong, healthful, vigorous,
quiet, determined people as teachers,
because we as Americans particularly
r.ecd It. If we are going to be of the
most service to ourselves, teachers, let us
take care of our health. Let us take
plenty of sleep, as this is the only real
method of relaxation.
"Children in the upper grades often get
too little sleep. They have too many par
ties'at home. If children do school work
properly they haven't much time for any
thing else.
"Variety cases fatigue. Recitations
should be changed frequently, but not too
frequently, because the other extreme of
too much variety tires, too.
"Two-Hevenths of the height of a boy
Should bf the heißht of his desk. Very
few children In the State are properly
POSTUM CEBEAL.
PLAIN LIVING.
Too much of sweet or fat or regular
use of tea and coffee clogs the liver
and shows in some form of ailment.
Coffee seriously affects many highly
organized people.
It pays to live simply and be healthy.
Well people can do things. Postum
Cereal Coffee looks and tastes like.
cofTee, but is a pure food drink and
highly nourishing in its effects on body.
Grocers furnish at 15 and 25 cents.
seated Very few desks have sufficient
slant. • _.. ''.'-■
"Many of our children become near
sighted for lack of light in our school
rooms Very few of our textbooks have
the right sort of print and paper. The
proper slant of the desk has a great deal
to do with It. too.
"Brain workers need physical exercise.
We need more fresh air, more play
grounds. Gymnastics is work— children
need play." ",'•'- v •
The programme for the afternoon con
sisted of section work. Section 1 con
sisted of the teachers in the first and sec
ond grades, with Miss Mary A. Deane
chairman, and the subject discussed was
"Does the Kindergarten Prepare for the
Public Schools?" and the "Relation of
Child Study to the Problem of Kinder
garten vs. Public Schools."
Section 2, Miss Emma E. Stincen, chair
man, discussed the "Relation of Nature
Study and Geography" and "Correlation
of Natural Study, Composition and
Drawing."
Section 3, Mrs. N. A. Wood, chairman,
discussed "Arithmetic," "Use of Alge
braic Equations in Arithmetical Prob
lems" and "Current History— How to
Teach It."
Section 4, A. L. Mann, chairman, dis- |
cussed "Writing Makes an Exact Man" I
and "Literature."
Section 5, Ellsha Brooke, chairman, dis- i
cussed "The Method of English Study in J
Secondary Schools" and "The Value of
Latin to Students not Preparing for Col- I
lege."
J. Liberty Tadd's Illustrated lecture ;
on "New Methods in Education" in the I
auditorium of the Girls' High School In |
the evening was largely attended. Mr. ;
Tadd is director of the Public School of
Industrial Art, of manual training In the
Roman Catholic High School and of i
several night schools, all in Philadel- ;
Ehia; also a member of the Art Club, the
ketch and Educational Club and of the j
Academy of Natural Sciences of the same
city. He is regarded as one of the fore
most educators In the manual training
branch of the profession in the country, J
and his address was listened to with close
attention by the assembled teachers, j
who, It Is needless to say, profited great- :
ly by it. Previous to the lecture the au
dience was treated to a solo by Miss
(Catherine Black and reading by Miss E.
F. Bartlett.
The principal address at this morning's !
session of the institute will be made by ,
Professor Ellwood V. Cubberly of Stan-i
ford University on the "Elementary
School of the Future." Mr. Tadd and T.
J. Kirk will also lecture. Music will be
furnished by the Philomel Quartet.
The officers of the institute, in addi
tion to Superintendent Webster, who Is |
ex-offlclO president, are Miss Josephine
Saunders, secretary, and Miss {Catherine
Hodgeklnson. assistant secretary. The
committee on resolutions consists of j
Colonel C. H. Murphy (chairman), T. B.
White. Miss A. C. Gavlgan, Miss Jean ,
Parker and W. H. Edwards.
President David Starr Jordan will lee- \
ture on "Value of Higher Education" to
morrow afternoon.
■
Fr.m Seattle to San Francisco. !
Mr. Bweany, of the Seattle Brewery, enter- |
tamed a lunch party at the Zinkanii the other I
AFTER THE SPRINTING JACKS.
Dogs That Have Been Entered for the
Coursing Meetings on Saturday
and Sunday.
An old dog and puppy stake will be run
off at Union Park on Saturday and Sun
day, the drawing for which took place ,
last evening with the following result:
Puppy stake, twenty entries. Drawing:
Connell Bros.' St. Helen vs. J. Perrlgo'o '
Pretty Girl; Connell Bros.' Mammie
Pleasant vs. R. E. de Lopez's Santiago;
J. Perrlgo's Lady Davenport vs. J. P. !
Farley's Cash Day; J. O'Shea's Young
Firenzl vs. D. J. Healy's Black Diamond;
Dr. Leonard's Master Lawrence vs. T. J.
McHugh's Moss Rose; D. Hooper's Morse I
Patrol vs. E. Baumeister's Winning j
Ways; R. E. de Lopez's Santa Anna vs.
T. Herring's St. Elmo; T. J. Healey's
Maggie M. vs. R. E. de Lopez's Santa
Inez; M. Tierney's Mary Ann vs. P. Per
rigo's Onward; J. Harrison's Hot Haste
vs. J. O'Shea's Tiger Lily.
All-age stake, ninety-six entries, draw
ing—John Egan's Mayflower vs. Larkey
& Rock's Minerva; Pasha Kennel's Firm
Friend vs. Pasha Kennel's Emm Pasha;
Yosemite Kennel's Beauty Spot vs. J.
Seggerson'i Candelaria; Handy & Smith's
Ida vs. E. Fitzparick's Free Silver Boy; \
Lord & Herbst's Kerry Gow vs. J.
O'Shea's Young America; T. Sullivan's
Maid of the Hill vs. W. F. Hobbs' Mercy
May; J. Deane's Connernara vs. J. Seg
gerson's White Chief; T. F. Logan's Miss j
Grizzle vs. Kay & Trant's Crosspatch; F.
Moran'H False Flatterer vs. M. London's
Leonlda; Lord & Herbst's Revolver vs. ;
J. Byrne's Nellie B; J. Connell's Senorita <
vs. J. Byrne's Eleven Spot; H. McDou- j
gal's Spindle vs. E. McKellogg's Kid Mo-
Coy; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Roy vs. J.
Byrne's Battleship; F. Brown's Sweet j
Briar vs. Rincon Kennel* Swedish; J.
Byrne's Mohawk vs. G. H. Burflend's
Pastime; M. London's Magnetto vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Jessamy; M. London's
Sharkey vs. Irwin & Lyons' Sliver Lyon;
J. McCormick's White Tip vs; G. J. Pen
nario'a White Flyer; Pasha Kennel's Syl
via vs. J. McKnell's Sportsman; Handy &
Smith's Patronlu.s vs. Lowe & Thompson's |
High Born Lady; Kay & Trant's Eclipse
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Mira Monte; Han- i
dy & Smith's Victor Queen vs. D. G. \
Healey's Rusty Gold; William Creamer
The Devil vs. Pasha Kennel's Metallic; J,
Keenan's Flying Buck vs. H. Lynch s
Lottie M; G. Lahuscn's Wheel of Fortune
vs. F. Moran's Golden Russet; J. P. Far
ley's Mystic vs. Joseph Perry's Black
Chief; Dennis & Porter's Interesting vs.
It. McLaughlin's Admiral Dewey; William
Fengler's Van Imp vs. J. Seggerson s Gold
Hill; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle vs. F. A.
McCombs' Motto; J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory vs. E. Everett's Vigilant; J.
Byrne's Seminole vs. F. A. McCombs
Flush; J. Byrne's Olympus vs. J. J-bar
ren's Sweet Lips; J. McCormick sWhite
Lily vs. Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson;
J. Maher's Soubrette vs. Daly & Siebens
Shylock Boy; H. A. Deckelman s Law
rence vs. F. Moran's Snapshot; M.Neal
on's Menlo vs. Pasha Kennel s Miller
Rabble; J. P. Thrift's Brutus vs. S. Han
sen's Our Climate; \osem te Kennel s
Lamplighter vs. E. D. Fallon Lily of the
West; A. L. Austin's Trinket vs. R. E.
de Lopez' Minneapolis: George \\ hitney s
Theron vs. J. Deane's Moondyne; J Dick
son's Black Bess vs. L. Wilson Magnet;
H. Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. E. M. Kel
logg's Lady Gilmore; G. H. Burflend
Royal Prise vs. S. Hansons L. S. Con
ley- W. Cramer's Jersey Lily vs. Lowe &
Thompson's St. Grin: J. Keenan's Fear
X, vs. J. F. Halton's Tic Tac; J. P.
Thrift's Forget vs. J. Perry's Commodore
Nash- C F. Brown's Nlda vs. Irvine &
Lyons' Silver Wings; H. A. Deckelman's
Prince George vs. Handy & Smith's Vic
tor. - _■_■ ' -
A Wayward Daughter.
Mrs. Edna Aubray. while walking along
Golden Gate avenue yesterday after
noon with her little girl, was arrested by-
Secretary Wadham of the Eureka So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children and taken to the City Prison,
where a charge of vagrancy was booked
against her. Her little girl, 2% years of
age was booked for a public institution.
The : plaining witness against Mrs.
Aubray is her father, Captain Van Pelt
of the steamer Ukiah.
A suit was Instituted for divorce by
Mrs. Aubray from her husband, Charles
Aubray, a teamster, but 11 was with
drawn and fhey went to live together
again, but Saturday Mrs. Aubray left
him and no one knew of her whereabouts
till yesterday afternoon. Her father al
leges that she is not a fit person to have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
the custody of the child, and as she in
tended leaving the city with her child her
arrest followed. . /: .
BAY CITY CLUB'S
VAUDEVILLE SHOW
FINE PROGRAMME OF SELECTED
TALENT.
Wheelmen and Their Friends Will
Crowd Native Sons' Hall To-
Night Dancing Will
Follow.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold their
annual vaudeville entertainment thiS
evening at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason
street. The show will commence prompt
ly at 8 o'clock, and there will be dancing
at 10:30. A programme of remarkable ex
cellence has been arranged, including
Miss Eleanor Glustl, the talented soprano,
late of the Bostonians and now with the
Southwell Opera Company, and three,
"turns" from the Orpheum. The rest of
the talent comprises the best local ama
teurs, and altogether a fine evening's en
tertainment is promised.
The programme in detail is as follows:
Billy Hynes, comic selections; Miss Mer
rill F. Dryfuss (kindness of Orpheum)'
ballad vocalist; Orr and Atkinson, in
their (shirt) specialties; Ben Tarbox,
barytone selections; Al Hazard, ventrilo
quist (kindness of Orpheum); Jack Des
mond, tenor; Polk and Kollins, banjoists
I (kindness of Orpheum); Miss Eleanor
I Glusti, soprano (by permission of Charles
| L. Southwell); Hother Wlsmer, violinist;
I George Kanzee and his anlmatoscope.
j After the entertainment dancing will be
I indulged in until. midnight. Judge Frank
| H. Kerrigan, Henry L. Day, Archie Reid
and other prominent members of the club
! are managing the affair.
Reserved seats will be obtainable to
day at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s music store,
and this evening at the hall. The advance
sale has been large and a big crowd is ex
pected.
CLARK'S DEFENSE OPENS.
Experts Will Be Called to Testify to
His Mental Condition.
The case of Joseph Clark, now on trial I
for the murder of Joseph P. Gross in No- !
vember last, again occupied the attention j
of Judge Dunne's court J-esterday. The j
case of the people was completed Boon i
after midday, and then H. Digby John
ston, an English barrister and formerly
a member of the English House of Com
mons, senior counsel* for the defendant, !
opened his case, occupying the remainder
of the sitting with the story of the de
fendant's life and the circumstances
which resulted in the homicide.
At the conclusion of the opening argu
ment the case went over till this morn
ing. At the opening of court to-day wit- !
nesses for the defense will take the stand
and give their views of the killing. Louis
P. Boardman, who, with Mr. Johnston, is i
handling defendant's case, is building the
technical end of the fight. Witnesses to j
testify as to the conditions which might
and as a rule produce temporary aberra
tion of the mind will be called by the 1
defense. Among these Dr. S. Bishop will ;
take the stand. For a period of years
Dr. Bishop was the resident physician of
the Nevada Insane Asylum, and is an au
thority on diseases of the mind, the
causes of such diseases and their effect.
Other physicians of standing will be
called, and even though Clark's liberty
is sacrificed the defense is confident that
his neck can be saved the pain of frac
ture on the gallows.
A fine Ideal banjo at Mauvais', 769 Mar
ket street, for $7 50. •
International Museums.
j Volney W. Foster, well known in East
ern political and commercial circles, has
! been very' much interested In the move
! ment looking to the establishment of a
large number of what might be called mi
i ternational museums. The plan is to es
tablish in the larger cities of the United
States and foreign countries commercial
museums at which the products of all
countries will be exhibited. With the ex
: hibits will be representatives of the coun
! tries from which they come. The Na
tional Bust:., League of Chicago has
taken up the matter in earnest and the
I scheme promises to be a success. Yes
terday at the meeting of the Chamber
of Commerce the proposition was in
dorsed. ". ,: ~
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
NOTABLE BUILDING FOR
THE BUSINESS DISTRICT
Pelton Water- Wheel Company Erects a Splendid Structure
on Main Street.
A NOTABLE addition has been
made recently to the buildings in
the manufacturing district south
of Market street. The new struc
ture has been built by the Pelton Wa
ter Wheel Company to replace the one
occupied by them during the past ten
years. It Is on the east side of Main
street, between Mission and Howard
streets. As shown in the illustration.
It is a four-story, structure, with an
ornamental front of buff brick. It cov
ers a lot 68% feet by 137% feet, | and
provides 20,000 feet of floor space, all
to be used by the Pelton Company.
The main floor will be given over to
show rooms and the manufacturing
department. The latter will be brill
iantly lighted, the roof being com
posed almost completely of glass. The
second floor will be given over to the
SUPERVISORS WILL
GRANT THE PETITION
Mutual Electric Light Company
May Erect Their Poles.
A Majority of the Board Are Said to Be
Now in Favor of Helping the.
New Company.
THE war against the overhead wire j
systems of the electric light and I
telephone monopolies was warmly j
waged yesterday afternoon before j
; the Street Committee of the Board of j
I Supervisors, and it developed an intima- '
{ tion of what ultimate disposition would ;
! be made by the majority of the board of
the petition of the Mutual Electric Light
| Company to be allowed to erect poles out- j
j side of the fire limits. The resolution I
| praying for this privilege was lost at the }
! last meeting of the board, but Supervisor j
! Lackmann saved It from absolute down
fall by changing his vote from aye to no
and moving a reconsideration.
When the resolution Is brought up in '
its regular order at next Monday's meet- !
ing of the board it will be amended j
', slightly by Supervisor Aigeltinger and in j
; all probability passed by the board. In fact ]
1 it is almost a certainty that the majority |
I of the Supervisors will vote to grant the ■
; Mutual Electric Light Company permis- !
j sion to erect and maintain poles and an !
overhead wire system outside of the fire j
| limits. Supervisor Aigeltinger's amend- '
| ment will' not affect the general Import j
of the resolution. It simply makes It in- j
I cumbent upon the Mutual Electric Light j
Company to share Its poles with all other
competing light companies whether in ex- j
istence now or those which may come to I
life after the granting of the privilege.
j The Supervisors feel that they are
justified in placing this obligation on the
i Mutual Electric Light Company in order i
j that they will not be compelled to issue
| privileges of the same kind to other com- I
! peting companies, thus disfiguring the I
beauty of the outside districts. Supervi-
I sor Aigeltinger stated yesterday that he i
was almost absolutely certain that a ma- |
jority of the board would support his
amendment when the matter was brought
up at the next meeting of the board.
The inquiry regarding the attitude of
the various telegraph, telephone and elec
tric light and power companies on the
proposition to compel them to place all
their wires in the downtown districts un
derground was particularly interesting,
inasmuch as representatives of all the
lighting, telephone and electric companies
were present.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association and others interested
in the advancement of the city's interests
were present at the meeting. Mr. Dohr
mann addressed the committee on behalf
! of the Merchants' Association and made
several suggestions, the adoption of any
j one of which would lead the board out of
j the present difficulty.
"We believe that the various corpora
tions operating overhead wire systems
should be ultimately compelled to place
their wires underground, but we believe
j In giving the companies sufficient time
jln which to accomplish the change. I j
suggest that we all meet some time next
week and discuss In an informal manner
and in good faith a plan whereby this j
can be successfully accomplished. Mayor i
I Phelan'B plan of municipal ownership of
I one line or system of poles in the outside i
general offices and draughting' rooms,
while the third and fourth floors will
contain the pattern shops and pattern
store rooms. yi ; y-^yyy
At present the building seems out of
place in its dingy surroundings. On
all sides the buildings are of old style
and are marked with the smoke from
foundries and mills. In the new era of
prosperity which authorities on com
merce predict is approaching this is
expected to be but the pioneer In the
rehabilitation of. this portion of the
city. The building was designed by W.
J. Mathews of Oakland. The water
wheels of the company in which water
Is used to develop power have been
sent to every country on the globe.
Peru, Mexico, Central America, Alas
ka, Australia, Victoria, have plants
, which are used In mines and other in
districts would quickly settle the difficul
ty arising over the refusal of the board to
allow the Mutual Electric Light Company
to erect and maintain poles in the dis
tricts outside of the fire limits."
"Do you believe, as the representative
of the Merchants' Association, that mu
nicipal ownership of electric light and
telephone poles in the outside districts
would solve this problem?" asked the
Mayor. • •
"1 know nothing of the technical nature
of the proposition new before us," return
ed Mr. Dohrmann, "but speaking of It In
its general nature I should think It would.
I see no reason why the light, power and
telephone and telegraph companies should
object to placing their wires underground
as far as possible within the fire limits,
but I believe in giving them sufficient time
in which to effect the change. Overhead
wires arc- a menace to firemen in the per
formance of their duty, and it is time
some steps were taken to place them un
derground."
President Crockett of the San Francisco
Gas .and Electric Company was called
upon and he stated that his company
was placing its wires underground as far j
as possible in the downtown districts, and
had been doing so wherever it had an op
portunity during the last three years. Mr.
Crockett, In answer to a question put to
him by the Mayor, stated that he could
not estimate the length of time which
would necessarily have to elapse before
all wires could be placed underground.
Mr. Green, who represents the electric
light branch of Crockett's company, stat
ed that If the board ordered the company
to place all its wires underground it would
be compelled to abolish its Townsend
street plant. . f-;:^,. '.;'■..;.; .;',v:
, "Why would that step be necessary?"
asked Supervisor Holland.
"Well," said Green, "we would have to
abolish fully a thousand arc lights now
operated by an overhead current. New
lights would have to be purchased and
erected, and we would be compelled to fit
up this plant for an underground sys
tem." ,?'i'i--.
Louis Glass, general manager of the Pa
cific Telephone and Telegraph monopoly,
was called upon by the committee to fur
nish information concerning the overhead
telephone system, and on the possibility
of compelling his company to share the j
same poles with the light and power com
panies in the event of the municipal own
ership idea being adopted by the board.
"It would be practically impossible," he
said, "for our company to string our
wires on the same poles as the light or
power companies. It would mean ruin to
both our service and our system. Joint
occupation of poles is simply out of the
question. The induction when we run
parallel to light or power lines is strong
enough to be dangerous to our service
and patrons. Fully 80 per cent of our
telephone lines have been placed under
ground, and It is only in places where
we are compelled to run our lines up on
the side or over the top of frame build
ings that we use poles within the fire
limits. The distribution of our current
and wires is the difficult problem that
we have to contend with."
L. D. Storror, representing the Postal
Telegraph Company, and Frank Jaynes,
superintendent of the Western Union Tel
egraph Company, both appeared before
the committee and expressed a willingness
to place their wires underground at any
time or under any conditions which the
board saw fit to impose. -
"All we want is a reasonable length of
time in which to make the change, said
Mr. Jaynes in accommodating tones.
dustrles. The Mount Lowe Railway,
running from the valley of San Ga
briel, in Southern California, to the
summit of . the mountains. 6000 feet
above the sea, derives its motive power
from two Pelton wheels mounted on
the same shaft. The cable for the
road is laid on a 4S per cent grade.
Water which for thousands of years
has run to waste can now be trans
formed Into electrical energy" and in
that form carried long distances and
made as useful as at the plant where
generated. The cost is less than that
of steam. • i- '■';'*■'■
The officers of the Pelton Company
are: A. P. Brayton* president; A. P.
B; ay ton Jr., vice president and mana
ge.'; L. A. Pelton, consulting engineer;
David Donzel, secretary, and Edward
L. Brayton, treasurer.
"We have only one pole In the fire lim
its, and that one stands in front of our
building," said Mr. Storror, and a faint
suggestion of a smile, struggled at the
corner of his mouth.
"Are you willing, to remove that one?"
asked Supervisor Aigeltinger.
The peals of laughter which followed
the Supervisor's question drowned out
Mr. Storror's answer, but the assuring ;
shake of his head left little doubt as to
his answer.
W. R. Hewitt, superintendent of the
fire alarm and police telegraph system,
was called upon to answer several ques
tions in relation to the technical portion
of the matter in hand.- Mr. Hewitt stated
that though the telephone wire may not
be safe when placed on the same pole
as a light or power wire, it would be ab
solutely safe If run in the same under
ground conduit. y_ 
"There is absolutely no reason, he said,
"why the telephone wire cannot be placed
on the same underground wire conduit
as the light or power wire. The city can
erect a pole system outside the fire limits
for about $115,000. If such a system was
erected it could be so arranged that the
light and power wires could be strung
on one set of poles and the telephone and
police and fire alarm wires on another.
After a long discussion on matters per- |
taining to the municipal ownership of the
overhead wire system and the ultimate
ownership of the telephone and electric
light and power plants the meeting ad
journed, the representatives of the vari
ous companies interested agreeing to meet
with the Merchants' Association next
Monday at the rooms of the association
In the Mills building. W. R. Hewitt was
instructed by Mayor Phelan to be present
at the meeting and report to the commit- i
tee all suggestions and statements made j
by those interested in the discussion.
. ♦ ■
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
_
P. W. Mcßae, a Hanford contractor, is
at the Lick.
O. J. Woodward, president of a Fresno
bank, is at the Lick.
Judge Frank Short and wife of Fresno
are guests at the Palace.
J. G. Burton, a Willows business mar,
Is a late arrival at the California.
W. H. Norway, an insurance man of
Los Angeles, is staying at the Russ.
Mrs. D. Vandenburgh of Los Gatos is
at the California with her daughter.
G. G. Clough, former Superior Judge of
Plumas County, is registered at the Russ
from Qulncy, Cal.
Captain R. McDonald of Sacramento,
who was recently married, is registered j
at the Grand with his bride.
J. A. and W. H. Chanslor, who have ex- j
tensive oil interests in this State, are
registered at the Palace from Los An
geles.
C. C. Schepmoes, J. F. Dengler and
William Spinney, representatives of New
York publishing houses, are among the
arrivals at the Lick.
William Koefler of Berlin, who has
come to this coast to Inspect mines In the
northern part of the State for a German
syndicate, is a guest at the Occidental.
D. K. Stoddard, who operates stage lines
out of Merced; A. B. Smith, a Fresno
business man; and C. B. Blethen of the
Seattle Times are guests at the Grand.
J. M. Beall, formerly agent at Philadel
phia for the Southern Railway, has suc
ceeded C. L. Hopkins as agent in this
city for the Piedmont Air Line. A. M. Bar
num, traveling agent for the company at
Los Angeles, arrived in this city yester
day morning for a short stay.
Walter J. Wiley, purchasing agent for
the San Francisco Breweries (limited) of
this city, will leave on Saturday on a
business trip to New York. He will be
I gone two months and will visit Washing- |
j ton, Chicago and Yellowstone Park. His
! brother-in-law, Charles Stone, president :
of the breweries, will return next week j
from London.
W. J. Lemps, the multi-millionaire
brewer of St. Louis, with his wife and
daughter, returned yesterday after a two
weeks' tour of the Yosemite Valley. Mr.
■ Lemps and his family have spent the bet
ter part of the past month in doing Del
Monte and the southern end of the State.
They were highly delighted with their
trip into the valley, which Mr. Lemps
enthusiastically describes as the- most
beautifully scenery in the world. The
party will return to St. Louis via Ogden,
leaving this city Friday afternoon.
WHAT IS GOING ON
IN THE THEATER WORLD
The Bostonians will play still another
week at the Columbia. "Robin Hood"
continues the popular bill for all of this
' week. The six farewell performances com
! mence Monday night with "Rob Roy,"
' which will be given again on Thursday
night; Tuesday and Friday will be devot
> ed to "The Serenade," and Wednesday
| and Saturday nights and Saturday after
i noon to "Robin Hood." Roland Reed fol
-1 lows in "The Wrong Mr. Wright," a farce
I comedy by George H. Broadhurst.
There will be plenty of piano playing
during the coming fortnight. Saver plays
i in the Grand Opera-house next Wednes
! day and Friday afternoons, and Rosen
thal gives two matinee recitals in the
! same theater during the following week.
"Beautiful Goldenlocks" has only the
rest of this week to run at the Tivoli,
when "The Little Trooper," a comic
opera introduced to us several seasons
ago by Delia Fox, will be staged Monday.
The piece to follow is of the nautical top
ical order, after the fashion of "Ship
Ahoy." It is named "Manila Bound."
At the Grand the Southwell comic opera
company is giving an excellent production
of "The Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
"Erminie" will be put on next week, with
"El Capitan" in preparation to follow.
With Lillian Burkart in a delightfully
delicate little fairy piece called "The Lady
of the Rowan Tree," and a host of top
notch variety acts, the Orpheum is dis
playing one of the most attractive bills
in the history of the house. Josephine
Gassman and her diminutive coon col
leagues are still boiling favorites.
There will be a big crowd at the Cali
fornia Monday night, when the Rays-
Johnnie and Emma— reopen that theater
in "A Hot Old Time."
The Comedy Theater will reopen early
next month with a season of Hebrew
opera, ; * "'.'!/
"Humbug" is enjoying a week of suc
cessful revival at the Alcazar. It will
give way on Monday night to the long
promised farce, "A Bad Lot."
Captain Freitsch and the small boat in
which he intends to adventure around the
world are the special attractions at the
Steeplechase.
Ola Hay den, singing "The Day That
Dewey Comes Home," is a strong card at
the Chutes. Another amateur Trilby
dance to-night. r. : '- ;v' .;' .
The Alhambra, after unsuccessfully
combating a stretch of bad luck, closed
Its doors last evening. . . • •
LONDON, April 12.— The long-heralded
"Carnac Sahib," the new play by Henry
Arthur Jones, was produced this evening
at her Majesty's Theater by Herbert
Beerbohm Tree. It proved a poor melo
drama beautifully put. on, with a suc
cession of pictures of Indian life accu
rate In detail, but on the whole distinctly
disappointing, and it was received with
unmistakable signs of disapproval by pit
and gallery. Mrs. James Brown Potter,
In a variety of Persian costumes, proved
the one success of the play.
Kicked Him to Death.
John Shaughnessy is on trial before
Judge Cook on a charge of manslaughter..
On October 4 last he killed a man name-
F. Keys during a fight. The evidence
develops the fact, that after knocking
Keys down. Shaughnessy kicked him se
verely, from the effects of which he died.
America and Germany.
So soon as America showed her characteris
tic firmness the German cruiser left Manila
Bay, and we now protect the .'German inter
ests. In a like manner all stomach ills fly
before the wonderful power of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It strikes at the root of all
diseases— the stomach, and not only cures in
digestion, constipation, biliousness, liver and
kidney troubles, but cures them quickly and
permanently. It makes a hearty appetite and
fills the blood with rich red corpuscles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
dk CARTERS '
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doss.
Small Price.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. Tho patient lives
In an atmosphere that positively kills ths
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to tha
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably Increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking." " :^ : -.;
• A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES. v
Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29 5 OS*
,__ 1
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 SI
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 30
. The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Tha
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms— over 100 in
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nina
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelva
1 acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
-1 liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars together with our pamphlet, containing
views of th» Sanatorium and surroundings and
1 our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
i on application. __
1 Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
4 A Woman's
11l Home Duties
njß do not tend to make her
_^fl ___. strong and vigorous with
■fl |j& "nerves of steel," but the
contrary, for there fre-
- _»_H§i»E*i| quently come shattered
_S__m^t\ nerves and broken-down
F*|gP|§"pa health. She is then ad-
y*Sj|||3S^ vised to take some kind of
'^______S' tonic to brace her up.
There is no tonic (Malt Extract or
other kind) that can compare with
•-w -—a non-intox-
few*
"** * * JVJ * - ' Received first hon-
ors at Trans-Miss. and Inter. Expo-
sition, 1898. Remember the full name,
FLATZ MALT-VMNE. All Druggists
Prepared by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. 11. S. _.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
Health is Wealth,
I heml. — PBA.N
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND. BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is Boldunder positive Written Guarantee,
by nnthorizod agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulness, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
aess. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Conn-
donee, Nervousness, Lassitude, nil Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for Ss;_th written enaiantce'to
care or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing five daye treatment, with t«
instructions, 25 cents. One eamplo only sold to
each person. At Btore or by mail. .
/f^^KH-^" ned Label s P ccia 'i(_^_P«l'
__£_&$ Extra Slrcn st h - _m _)_
ff^T__rFoT Impotency, Lo^s of War* ■** W
S^A^lkf Power, Lost Manhood, JSg¥
lT^!%tfn. Sterility or Barrenness^ jv^j
*"*BKfi_fc*i a box; six for $5, with»X_^a_
af&jLfff^\VTitten cnaranteeJam^BV
r__2i; to euro in 30 days. At store W_S^
BE-POP^ „■ K-'-rn. AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDEU & CO.. Sol* Agta*
114 Kearny st., San Francisco.
MAKE PERFECT MEM
' _„*?•__. DO KOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
jjJ\yk3Kf\ fer Longer! The Joy a and ambitions of
j^ss* ! «£BSl life can be restored to ymi. The very
tSL't »__B worstcasetiof Nervoui Debility are
SDO NOT cured by X ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The _"v.-< and ambitions of
life ran be restored to you. The rery
worstci.es of Kcrvoim Debility aro
nhsolutely cured by PEKFEC'TO
_,%£. TABLETS. Give prompt relief (a in-
WnR. "^fa^Ssouinia, failinfr memory and the waste
tSiWsPaiSJKir and drain of vital .Incurred by
*T" Atf^7_^ indiscretions or excesses of early years.
i— \3£fft* Impart vigor and potency to every func-
l tion. Brace up t!ie system. Give >_!**, bloom to the
, cheeks and lustre to the eyes of/^TTNyouni; orold.
■ . One box renews vital energy.gOJL _C boxes nt
; $.. a com plete guaranteed cure TSTJjw or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed m plain wrapper on receipt of
i Vice by THE PKKFKITO CO., Caxton Bldf., CM_i£D, ilk
! ' Sold by Owl Droff Co., S. F. and Oakland.
'.
t_4_39________*>-_-V m % «' 9 a non-pouionoTSi
<<fl___^^^a_l ren_edy for Gonorrhoea,
JeSSr' - - HEb>_| Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
_f3_Win ' *° £> a * Tfc whites, unnatural ,]._.
AypSf o<_rea_ed Tgg charges, or any inUamma-
P*_f not to i,tr_:i_rc. tion, irritation or ulcer*.
r* "TfPrsveou con'.ijion. ti.in of mucous m.iu-
_% ITIIF EVANS CHEHIOIf.O. cranes. Non-astringent.
CINCiNNATI.O f?~H S " ld b_ »>>•_*»«*,
«0^ XJ.3 1 ___&■ or sent ' a Pl a ' wrapper,
rf?_3Sa_. ____■__ by express, prepaid, fo*
V^__Rrl 1 1 - 00 ' or 3 bottloj, 13.75.
i .. ~*~ -^HP~V ■ (Areolar Mat ea r*taa^
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $53,268 to China.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat dull and easy.
Barley about the same.
Oats and Corn dull.
Rye weaker.
Hay market gone.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Lima Beans still higher.
Potatoes and Onions firmer.
Butter and Eggs weaker.
Poultry still firm.
Increasing receipts of Cherries.
Strawberries steady.
Prunes rule firm.
Provisions unchanged.
Tallow firm and active.
Meat market unchanged.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Nippon Maru took out a treasure list of
$53,268, consisting of $7112 In Mexlcar dollars,
$75. in silver bullion and $660 in gold cols.
OUR CASH AND DEBTS.
The following Is a statement of the public ,
debt and of the cash In the treasury of the :
United States at the close of business March |
31. received from Secretary Gage: Interest
bearing debt, $1.045.775, debt on which In
terest has ceased since maturity, $1,219,420 26; j
debt bearing no interest. $3*6,554,016 16; certifi
cates and treasury notes, offset by an equal I
amount of cash In the treasury, $335,003,613;
aggregate of debt. $1,988,562,289 42. Compared
with the statement issued February 28, the j
figures show a decrease of certificates and :
treasury notes amounting to $524,900. and an
increase in the aggregate debt of $6,553,071 52.
The cash in the treasury at the date men- |
tioned was: Gold, $278,306.355 72; silver, $506.
--376,981 49; paper, $4;'., .61. 617 60; bonds, minor
coin, fractional currency, etc., J59, 017,132 52;
aggregate, $919,562,087 32. The cash balance in
the treasury February 28 was $.69,103,513 21, and
on March 31 $284,043,163 75, showing an Increase
during the month of $14,939,630 54.
OUR ACCOUNT WITH THE PACIFIC
ROADS.
"The following figures show the amounts due
the United States from Pacific railroads on ac
count of bonds issued In aid of their construc
tion: Central branch Union Pacific, $3,763,
--173 90; Sioux City and Pacific. $4,220,921 97;
total, $7,984,095 87. The Government has been
reimbursed for $27,236,512 principal and $31,
--211,711 73 Interest, being the total indebtedness
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company to No
vember 1, 1597, ad for the principal of the
Kansas Pacific indebtedness, amounting to
$6,303,000. Under settlement agreement of Feb
ruary 1, 1899, twenty notes of the Central Pa
cific Railroad Company were delivered to the
Treasurer of the United States, aggregating
$58,812,715 60, which amount represented the
unpaid balance of the total indebtedness of the
Central Pacific and Western Pacific Railroad
companies to the United States on February
1, 1899. On March 10, 1899, in pursuance of
agreement, the first four of said notes, aggre
gating $11,762,543 12 .with accrued Interest
amounting to $35,771 02) were transferred in
consideration of a full cash payment into the
treasury of the principal and Interest thereon,
leaving the balance unpaid March 31, 1899. $47,
--050.172 4S. and accrued interest, less trans
portation earnings."
LAST FRIDAY'S BREAK.
The New York circular of Henry Clews, writ
ten the day after the break in industrials last
week, says: "The market is in a shape from
which wide fluctuations may be expected. Yes
terday we had an illustration of this in a sharp
breakdown of a certain group of Industrials,
which extended its effects through the general
list. That break should have come during the
latter part of March, as I prognosticated it
would, but there was united action to stem the
current at that time by a number of powerful
leaders with a view of bridging over the Ist
of April settlements, expecting easy money
thereafter. Their calculations as to the speedy
return of money to this center having mis
carried, they lost their grip in holding the
market and in the severity of the raids which
caught an innumerable number of stop orders
and weakly margined accounts. To the deluge
of stocks from this cause Is due the bad break.
It Is a very healthy reaction and not any too
severe considering the high prices that most
properties had attained. The recession in
prices now makes a new basis for an early
upward spring movement and Insures active
trading during the summer months which but
for the marking-down process would not have
been likely, for to have gone Into a bull sum
mer campaign on the high range of prices that
had been reached would have been like build
ing a mountain on the apex of another one.
"The firmness of the money market is to be
regarded as, on the whole, a healthy symptom,
as it is an evidence of business activity. Be
fore the expiration of this month, certain
operations requiring large transfers of funds,
however, will be out of the way; after which
there Is nothing ln sight to prevent a steady
and comparatively easy state of the loan
market until next fall."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 31.07 31.13
Red Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.87
.Fan Francisco 0.00 15.38 7.75
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
San Luis Obispo 0.00 14. 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.28
San Diego Trace 4.54 - 4.18
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
69; minimum, 48; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains. Light rain
has fallen over Washington, Oregon. Idaho
and Southern Arizona.
The pressure is highest off the Washington
coast and lowest in Southern Nevada. It Is
rising rapidly over the Pacific Slope.
The temperature has fallen over Washington
and Oregon, and remained about stationary
elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer
weather In California Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 13:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; some
what warmer; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
fresh west wind.
•Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday; cooler.
Utah— Partly cloudy Thursday, probably with
showers In north portion; cooler.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Thursday, with show
ers ln north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Thursday;
Warmer; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April There was a wild
rush to buy at the opening, and the specialties
made large gains, part of which they retained,
while the railways, which had improved smart
ly, left off at about yesterday's figures. The
rise of Americans in London before the open
ing and the momentum of yesterday was re
sponsible for the early excitement In the mar
ket. Call money ranged from 4 to 5, closing
at the lower figure, and sterling exchange was
strong throughout, demand sterling rising %.
The rapidity of the early advance Induced
heavy realisations, but a general tone of
strength' prevailed until the afternoon, when
some sharp recessions occurred. The killing
of American and /English navy officers In
Samoa seemed to arouse apprehension in some
quarters of further complications. Among the
specialties strong features were Brooklyn
Transit, Consolidated Gas, People's Gas,
Sugar and the iron and steel shares. Balti
more and Ohio Issues, Norfolk and Western
preferred and Northern Pacific were strong.
Foreign houses were early purchasers but re
sold about half as much on the local rise.
Some of the foreign purchases were connected
with London's fortnightly settlement. A
number of shorts were driven to cover early,
owing to the commission house demand, es
pecially for Industrials, because of a more lib
eral position taken by a number or banks
toward such stocks. The market closed steady.
There was more activity in railroad bonds to
day, and while a few Issues were shaded,
the general average was slightly better on the
day. Total sales, $3,760,000. United States 3s
advanced % In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
' 845,120 shares, Including: American Steel and
Wire, 24.600; American Sugar, 34,000; Tin Plate,
t800; Atchison preferred. 29.000; Baltimore and
Ohio, 4500; Brooklyn Rapid Transit, 75,300-
Burlington, 19,600; Consolidated Gas, 7100; Con
tinental Tobacco, 91,800; do preferred, 5000;
Federal Steel, 64.000; do preferred. 13.600; Kan
sas and Texas preferred, 3300; Louisville and
Nashville, 19.900; Manhattan Consolidated 24 -
400; Missouri Pacific, 11,900: National Steel
20,500; New York Central, 17,600; Norfolk and
Western preferred, 10,500; Northern Pacific
59.200. Pacific Mail, 6200; People's Gas. 48.000-
Reading first preferred, 19,700; do second pre
ferred, 6700; St. Louis and Southwestern pre
ferred, $500; St. Paul, 22.900; Southern Railway
preferred, 16.400; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 12 -
200; Texas and Pacific, 4000; Union Pacific
16,000; do preferred, 6000; United States Leather
preferred, 4SOO.
CLOSINO STOCKS.
Atchison .; 21 3t I. _S W 12 -
Do prefd 61% Do prefd ........ 23%
Baltimore & Ohio. 75 ISt Paul 127%
Canada Pacific. 96% Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. 59 St P & Om 96
Cent i'ac 62% Do prefd 165
Chee - Ohio 27% So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 168 9o Railway 12%
Chi B & Q 143 I Do prefd 61%
Chi & E 111 73 TTexas & Pacific .. 22%
Do prefd: 123 Union Pacific 47%
Chi O W 15% I Do prefd 80%
Chi Ind & L 9% U P D & G 12%
Do prefd 44 Wabash 8%
Chi & N W 162% Do prefd 23% i
Do prefd 193% Wheel & L E 11%
:CC& St L 61% Do prefd 31%
Do prefd 96% Express Companies •
Del _ Hudson 116% Adams Ex 110
Del L & W 17311 American Ex 140
Den & Rio G 22% United States .... 62
Do prefd 75% Wells Fargo 125
Erie new 14 Miscellaneous
Do Ist prefd .... 37% A Cot Oil 36% •
Ft Wayne .........182 Do prefd 91% !
Gt Nor rrefd 93% Amn Spirits 14%
Hocking Val 8% Do prefd 39
Illinois Cent 115% Am Tobacco 224% .
Lake Erie & W.... IS% Do prefd 142 !
Do prefd 6S Cons Gas 191
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co ....180
Louis & Nash *6% Col F & Iron 36
Manhattan L 118% Do prefd 96
Met St Ry 248% Gen Electric 115
Mich Cent 113 Haw Coml Co 89
Minn _ St L 52 (Brooklyn R T 127% ;
Do Ist prefd .... 9S%!tntnl Paper 53%
Mo Pacific 51 | Do prefd 82
Mobile & Ohio 43 Laclede Gas 54
Mo X & T 13% Lead 34%
Do prefd 40% Do prefd 112%
N J Central 119 Fed Steel 66%
N V Central 111% Do prefd 86%
N V Chi _St L.. 14 Nat Lin Oil 4%
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Pacific Mall 51%
Do 2d prefd .... 32 People's Gas 127%
Nor West 17% Pullman Pal 160%
No Amer Co 10 Silver Cert 60
No Pacific 53% Standard R & T.. 10%
Do prefd 79% Sugar 165
Ontario & \V 27% | Do prefd 116
>r R & Nay prefd. 70 T C & Iron 58%
Or Short Line 41% U S Leather 6%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 85 Do prefd 73%
Do 2d prefd .... 60 US Rubber 50%
Pittsburg ISO Do prefd 116%
Reading 24% West Union 94
Do Ist prefd .... 65% Am S & W 66%
ROW 34 Do prefd 99%
Do prefd 75% Pac Coast 40
Rock Island 117 Norfolk & W pfd. 67
St L& S F 12 Colo Southern .... 6%
Do prefd 70% Do Ist prefd .... 53
Do 2d prefd .... 40 Do 2d prefd .... 22
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 99% Do 4s 93%
U S 3s reg 107% NYC lsts 114
U S 3s coupon 10S% N J C gen 5s 119
U S new 4s reg. ...129% N Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4s coup.. Do 4s 104
D S old 4s reg 112% N Pacific lsts 119%
U S old 4s c0up.. .113% Do 3s 67%
_ S 6s reg 113 Do 4s 102%
U S 6s coupon — 113 NYC& St L 45.. .106
Dis of Col 3.65a... 117 |.\" & W con 4s 93
Alabama class A. .110 Do gen 6s 130
Do B 110 Or Nay lsts 11l
Do C 100 I Do 4s 102%
Ala Currency 100 Or Short Line 65. .128
Atchison gen 45... 100% | Do con os 111%
Atchison adj 45... 83% Reading gen 45.... 89%
Canada So 2ds 110 :R c, w lsts 97%
Ches & Ohio 4%5... 94 Ist L & I M C 55... 109%
Do 5s 120 IPt L & S F G 65. .123
Chi &NC 7s 143 Ist Paul cons 168%
Do S F deb 55. ..122 St P C & P 15t5...121%
Chi T 4s 99% Do 6s 121%
I' & R G lsts 108% So Railway 5s 108%
Do 4s 101 Stand R &^T 65.... 89
E T V & G 15t5. .105 |Term new set 35... 97
Erie Gen 4s 72 Texas & Pac 15t5.. 113
F W & D C lsts... 83 Do 2ds 53%
Gen Elec Es 115 Union Pac 4s 105%
G H & S A6s 11l if P,D & G lsts... 90
Do 2ds HO I Wabash lsts 116
H & T C 5s 112 ; Do _ds 97
Do con 6s lit) West Shore 4s 114%
lowa C lsts 108% Wis Cen lsts 70
KCP & G lsts... 65 Va Centuries 84
La new con 4s 109% Do deferred 8
Louis & N unl 45.. 96% Colo Southern 45... 86
M X & T 2ds 68 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 22 Ophir 180'
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Plymouth 10'
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 2 50;
Gould & Curry 40, Do prefd 750 I
Hale & Norcross.. 28 Sierra Nev 100 ]
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 25 |
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 60
Mexican 5S 'Yellow Jacket 37 ,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent 1%
Call loans 3 rsi Mich Tel SI j
Time loans 3%@4%| Atchison prefd .. 61%
Stocks— j Bonds—
A T & St Fe 21%'Atchlson 4s 100
j Amer Sugar..-. 164% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117 Allouez Mln C 0.... 11
j Bell Tel 35 (Atlantic 33%
i Boston & Albany2so Boston & Mont 360
i Boston & Maine... 175% Butte & Boston 89 I
! Boston L 97 .Calumet & Hecla..S2s
Chi Bur & Q 143 Centennial 43%
j Fitchburg 115 ] Franklin 26%
Gen Electric 115%'01d Dominion 44%
I Fed Steel 66% Osceola 92% .
Do prefd 86% Qulncy 165 I
I Mexican Cent — 12% Tamarack 240 i
Old Colony 204 ! Wolverine 46%
Rubber 50% ! Parrott 54 U ;
Union Pac 47% Humboldt 2% !
West End 93% i Adventure 13 I
Do prefd 113% I Winona 17 i
Westlngh Elec .... 41% Union Land 7% >
Do prefd ______
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 12— The Commercial Ad- I
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were good early to-day. i
New York Central was the feature. New York
accepted London's level, and then there was a :
sharp relapse. Later New York bought North
ern Pacific, causing a general rally on the
street. The best Issues were St. Paul and
Norfolk and Western preferred.
Tlntos were 12. Other copper shares were |
dull.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 12.— Canadian Pacific. 89%; '
Northern Pacific preferred, 81%: Union Pacific
preferred. 83%; Grand Trunk. 8%; Bar Sliver j
quiet. 28 7-16 d per ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.920 barrels; exports, 3126. A little more ac
tive and firmer with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 28,675 bushels; exports,
39.943. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 83% c. Options
opened firm on cables and crop news. Specu
lation was very light, however, and although j
crop accounts became sensationally bad later
In the day, prices responded slowly, affected :
chiefly by moderate covering. Export trade
and clearances were disappointing. Closed j
firm on crop news at lc net advance. May,
76%®77 3-16, closed 77% c; July, 76%<g76%c,
closed 76% c; September closed 74%; c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
METALS— The market for metals was irregu
lar, tin selling off 37% points, lead 2% points,
while other departments were dull and in some
Instances entirely nominal. Spot copper was
very scarce and strong on pressing" demand
from consumers. News from the West and
abroad was pretty much as expected. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, dull and nominal, at '■
$10 60.
LAKE COPPER— Nominal, with May quoted
at $18.
TlN— Lower and easy, with $24 50 bid and
$24 75 asked.
"LEAD— Quiet, with $4 27% bid and $4 32%
SPELTER— Firm, with $6 50 bid and $6 60
asked.
The brokers' slices for lead Is $4 10 and for
copper $18 25®1S 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales 27,000 bags, including:
May, $5: June, $5 10; July, $5 20; September,
$5 40; November, $5 50@5 55; February, $5 75;
March, $5 SO.
Spot coffee— Arm; No. 7 invoice,. 6 5-16 c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 6 13-16 c; mild, firm; Cordova,
S@l3c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 4 l-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; molasses sugar.
3 15-16 c. Refined, firm and active.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3644 packages; steady.
Western creamery, 16® 21c; Elgins, 21c; factory,
13® 15c.
EGOS— Receipts, 11,985 packages; firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 13% c; Western, 13%@13%c;
Southern, 13®13%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@Bc per
pound; prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, 9@
S%c; fancy, 9%®10c.
PRUNES— 4%®9%c.
APRICOTS— 13® 14c; Moorpark. 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— 9@llc; peeled, 25ig28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. •
CHICAGO, April 12.— Reports of crop condi
tions were the chief considerations again with
wheat speculators at the opening, and those
being of unvarying tone of badness the mar
ket opened strong. Receipts here and in the
Northwest were small, Chicago getting only
thirty-five cars, of which two were graded con
tract, and Minneapolis and Duluth 188 cars,
compared with 142 a year ago. The Missouri
Weather Bureau report of wheat conditions in
that State said many correspondents reported
half the wheat killed, and the lowa State re-
I port claimed late sown wheat was about all
dead and early sown seriously damaged.
Private reports were almost unanimously of a
most discouraging character with regard to the
Injury done. Those were not repetitions of
previous reports, but from fresh sources. May
opened %®%c higher at 71%®71%c. and dur
ing the first two hours rose to 72% c. At that
point, however, realizing commenced and
forced the price back again to 71%@71%c.
Damage claims again became popular, how
ever, and were given the most consideration.
There were several ups and downs as the ses
/ sion progressed, with trade very light. On
one of the downward reactions about forty
minutes from the close some heavy shorts at
tempted to cover. Immediately the price shot
up. May touching 72% c. closing with sellers at
72%®72%c.
There were a number of considerations In
corn and the market ruled firm. May closed
%c higher.
There was little doing in the oats market
and outside of an occasional spurt with wheat
it was very slow. May oats closed %c higher.
Provisions were very heavy. May liquida
tion was still under way and the course of
prices was controlled by that and covering by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
shorts on the decline. May pork closed 12% c
lower, lard 7%c lower and ribs 6c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High.' Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May. 71"4 72% 71% 72%
July 72 72% 71% 72%
Corn No. 2—
May " 34% 34% 34% 34%
July 35% 35% 35% 35%
September 35% 36% 35% 36%
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 25% 25% 25 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 900 900 8 87% 8 92%
July 910 9 12% 900 905
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 5 15 6 15 6 10 5 12%
July 525 630 5 22% 525
September 545 45 6 37% 6 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 62% 4 67% 460 4 62%
luly 475 4 77% 4 72% 475
September 4 87% 490 4 87% 4 87%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 71®72c:
No. 3 spring wheat, 66@70c; No. 2 red. 73@75%c:
No. 2 corn, 34% c; No. 2 oats, 27®27%c; No. 2
white. 30®31c; No. 3 white, 29%-@3o%c ; No. 2
rye. 53% c; No. 2 barley, 39@47c; N*.. 1 flaxseed,
.1 20; NW., $1 23%: prime timothy seed. $2 30;
mess pork, per bbl, $8 90@8 95; lard, per 100
lbs. $5 12%®5 15; short ribs sides (loose). $4 45®
I 80: dry salt* shoulders (boxed). 34 37%@4 50;
short clear sides (boxed), $4 85®4 95; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26;
sugars, cut loaf, 5.83 c; granulated, 5.33 c. :
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 32.000
Wheat, bushels 54.000 80,000
Corn, bushels 272,000 141,000
Oats, bushels 245.000 206,000
Rye. bushels 7.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 24,000 13.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet and easy; creameries, 14(§.20c;
dairies, 11%'._17%c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 12% c.
Cheese, steady; creameries, 11%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 118,500 22,680
Duluth 7.094
Milwaukee 22,400 2,800
Chicago
Toledo 20.400 8.500
St. Louis : 5,000 7,000
Detroit 8.512
Kansas City 20.000 17.000
Totals '.
Tidewater —
Boston 1.270
New York 28.675 39,945
Philadelphia 10,768 j 1.04S
Baltimore 18.088 v 16,000
New Orleans
Galveston 96,144
Totals .:./
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 5% 5 5%
Closing 5 5% 6 5%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug.
Opening 42 80 43 35
Closing 42 75 43 40
Wheat-
Opening 20 85 2110
Closing 20 85 20 90
EASTERN . LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. April CATTLE— were
barely steady. Fancy grades, $5 8505 75; choice
steers, 35 30@5 60; mediums, 34 70@4 85; beef
steers, $3 90^ 65; Blockers and feeders, $3 80®
6; culls, $2 60@3 10; cows and heifers, $3 40®
4 25; Western fed steers, $4 20@5 50; Texas
steers. $405 1.".; calves, $3 50(66.
HOGS— Hogs were sc- lower. Fair to choice.
$3 T.'.'d-o 90: heavy packing lots. 33 5003 72%;
mixed. $3 60<?»3 52%; butchers. $3 6503 87%;
light. $3 60@3 80; pigs, $3 30(6/3 70; bulk of sales,
$3 75®3 85.
SHEEP— Trade in sheep was brisk and prices
ruled steady at the recent advance. Lambs
made the bulk of offerings and sold at $5 50®
5 90 for wooled and $4 76496 15 for shorn; culls
brought $4(64 75; Colorado lambs, $5 80@6 90;
Western lambs, $5 60©5 75; wooled sheep, $4 50
porters, $4 764.4 85; yeadlings. $4 8005 10.
porters, $4 76©4 5; yearlings, $4 60«75 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 13,000; hogs, ..,000; sheep,
16,000.
THE BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 12.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Some of the large woolen mills, including
both those which are in the combine, have
been represented in the market during the j
past week and have purchased very liberally
of wool. The Washington, Wanskuck ami
Pacific mills have been especially prominent \
and they have taken some very large lines :
of territories, Oregon % and %s blood j
fleeces. The sales of territories alone aggre- !
gate over 4,000,000 pounds, which, combined
with those of other lines, make a total busi- j
ness. for the week of nearly 8,000,000 pounds.
Th.-re Is no change to note in prices, how
ever. The sales of the week in Boston amount
ed to 7,461,000 pounds domestic and 466.500
pounds foreign, making a total of 7,927,500,
against a total of 4.263,800 for the previous
week and a total of 530.530 -for the correspond
ing week last year. Sales since January 1,
1899. amount to 57,003.600 pounds, against 40,
--727,810 pounds last year at this time.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., April 12.— Clearings. $224.
--15!-, balances, 333,105.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., April 12.-Wheat— Walla
Walla, sS©39c; valley, 59@60c; blue stem,6o@6lc.
Cleared— French bark Les Adelphes, for
Queer—town, with 72.512 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 12— Wheat— 58c; blue
stem, 61c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April Consols, 110 7-16@110%;
silver, 27 7-16 d; French rentes, 101f90c; wheat
cargoes off coast, more inquiry; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet, hardly any demand.
LIVERPOOL, April 12.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour ln Paris, quiet; French
country markets, weak; weather in England,
flne.
COTTON— Uplands, 3»_d. '
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 Northern firm, 6s 2d.
Futures. Arm; May and July. 5s 5%d.
CORN— Futures steady; April 3s 4%d; May,
3s 4*_d; July, 3s 4%d.
«
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 4S@IS%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago did better, but this mar
ket did not respond, and, in fact, spot grain
was quoted weak.
Spot Shipping, $1 05@1 07%; milling,
$1 10 _ 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
6000 ctls. $1 10%.
Second December— 6000 ctls, $1 10%;
24.000. »1 10%; May— l2,ooo. $105%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 10%; 18,000, $1 10%; May— 4ooo, $1 05%;
16,000. $1 05%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$110-%; 6000, $110%; 40,000, 10%; 44.000.
$1 10%.
BARLEY— Prices stood about the same, both
on and off call. -
Feed, $1 06@1 10; Brewing, $1 12%@1 15 per
ctl. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— '99, new— 6ooo ctls,
84% c; 6000, fvi%c; May-2000, $1.
Regular Morning Session— May— 6ooo ctls. $_.
Afternoon Session— December— ctls, 88% c;
Seller '99, new— 2ooo, 84% c; 2000, 84% c; 22,000,
84% c.
OATS— The market continues dull and un
changed.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37%@1 40; common. $1 32%@1 35; Sur
prise. $1459150; Gray. $1 32%©i 37%; Milling,
$1 40@1 42% per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 50; Black. $1 30
@1 40.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 12%; White, $1 12%@i 17%;
mixed. $1 06%@1 10 per ctl; California White,
nominal.
■ RYE— Is lower and dull at $1 05®1 07% per
ctl. '-:/:;.-. ./ ; r,
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $4; bakers'
extra?, $3 Ss®3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3®3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, •$3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50(fr4 75-
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75-
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 565|6 95: in sacks, $6 35@6 75-
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market has gone to the dogs. Al
though receipts were not as large yesterday
"here was an accumulation of , stock to be
worked off, and as buyers were shy the market
was demoralized. The flood from the farmers
has been too great. Outside Hay Is selling be
low the cost of laying it down here, as the
freight is 35 per ton. .
Bran and Middlings stand about the same.
BRAN— SISI6I6 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, $23 5<_24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; job
bing. $32@32 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28®30 per ton;. Cornmeal, $23 50
@24 60; Cracked Corn, $24®25; Mixed Feed,
$16*50® 17 50. ' _r:
CALIFORNIA Wheat, $14®15 for good
to choice and $12®13 for lower grades; Wheat
and Oat, Sll®14; Oat, $10@13; Barley, $9@12;
Alfalfa. $6®7 50.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $7®>9; Cheat,
$6@B; Grass Hay, $6@B; Oat, $7®S; Clover, ?6@B;
Timothy. $6@7 per ton. 1
STRAW— 2S@SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Lima Beans are affected by renewed talk
of dry weather down south and are slightly
higher again. The other descriptions are un
changed.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 75@1 85: Small Whites,
$2 10®2 20;. Large Whites, $1 80®1 90; Pinks,
$2 05®2 15; Reds. $3 25@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75®
3 85- Butters, $2 25®2 50; Limas. $3 50@3 65;
Pea, $2 25@2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 60@2 60 per
ctl
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 75®4 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 25® 3 60: Flax. $2 lo®2 25;
Canary Seed. 2%®2%c per lb: Alfalfa. 8%@9%c;
Rape. 2%@2%c; Hemp, . 2%®3c; Timothy, 5
@5%c. „_
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65®1 70; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Dealers report more strength to Potatoes and
Onions, though there is no advance.
There is nothing new in Vegetables.
Receipts were 1466 boxes Asparagus. 825 boxes
Rhubarb and 183 sacks Peas.
POTATOES— 40@1 60 per ctl for Early Rose
$1 35@1 60 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1 40@1 60 per ctl; Oregon,
$110®135 for seed and $1 50@1 65. for large,
Sweet Potatoes, $2 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes. 2%®3c per lb. ._ . 
ONIONS— 3S@7Sc per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon. _ .
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50®. 0c per box
for No. 2, $101 50 for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 50®75c per box for the general run
and $1 for fancy; Green Peas, . 3®sc; String
Beans, 8(a12%c for green and or Golden
Wax; Cabbage, $1 25® 1 60; Tomatoes. $2® 2 25;
Egg Plant. 10®12%c per lb; Garlic, 6® 7c per lb;
Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, ; Carrots, 23<335c per sack;
Mushrooms, s(irl2%c per lb; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 60c@$l 50 per dozen; Sacramento Cucum
bers, ; Summer Squash from Los An
geles, per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
More Eastern is expected to-day. Local
stock continues firm and in light supply. Game
is dull.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 15® 17c; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for. Gobblers and 14®15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 60®1 75; Goslings
$2 '5®2 50; Ducks, $5 50®6 50 for old and $<@S 50
for young; Hens, $6@7 .0; young Roosters, $7 50
§9; old Roosters, $5 50®6 60; Fryers, $8-5097;
Broilers, $506 for large, $3®4 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 60@1 75 per dozen for old and $2®
2 25 for Squabs. _ ____
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese, oo@
75c; Hare. 75c; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cottontails
and $1 for small; English Snipe, $3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is ln larger supply and weak, though
there Is not much decline.
Eggs are lower and dull at the decline, with
accumulating stocks. The expected arrivals
from the East are the sole cause of the cur
rent depression.
BUTTER- „.,-,-,,
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%@17%c; sec
onds, 16c. ... __■..,' 
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11®11%c; old,
10@10%c; Cream Cheddar, 12@12%c; Young
America. 11%®12%c; Eastern. 11%®14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 17% c for store and lS@l9c
per dozen for ranch.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Reports from the coming crop are coming in
every day now. and while It Is too early for
any definite statement it may be said that
from indications up to date Peaches will be
the only heavy crop, Apricots will be slim,
Pears are not showing up well on the river
and Cherries and Prunes are dropping more
or less, owing to the dryness of the ground
last year. This Is the state of the crop at
present, but H is liable to change any day.
Receipts were 22 boxes Cherries and 37
chests Strawberries.
The market Is well supplied with Oranges,
but they are meeting with a good demand
and are steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $I®l 25 for common, $1 50®2 per box
for No. 1 and $2 50-i.3 for choice to fancy. ■
Strawberries, $16016 per chest for small and
$507 for large berries. . ,
Cherries, $1 25®1 60 for white, $1 .o®2 for red
and $2 50 per box for black.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25433 50
I per box; Seedlings, 75c®$l 75; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50® 2: Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common
and $2®2 60 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4 60®5; California Limes. 50®75c per |
small box; Grape Fruit. $103; Bananas, $1 50®
1 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $2® 4 50 per dozen.
Mail advices from New York say of Prunes: i
"Prunes are tendtnz upward because of en- j
larged demand and the close concentration of
stocks here and in California. Total holdings
on the coast will scarcely exceed 200 cars, and
one firm Is said to control the bulk of them.
The same condition exists here, consequently
advances are expected on all sizes and quali
ties. At present demand appears to be re
stricted, though there Is strong Inquiry, and
some out-of-town dealers are seeking supplies
to carry them over the spring activity before
there Is another advance. The outlook Is hope
ful for holders, but at the moment actual busi
ness Is comparatively light."
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUITS— 7c for 40-50' 5®
6%c for 50-60' 4®4%c for 60-70' s. 3%«J3%c for
70-SO's, 2*«®3%c for SO-90's, 2%i&2%c for 90-100's
and 2@2%c for 100-110' s; Peaches, 8%@9%c for
good to choice, 10®10%c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, 12%®15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun
dried, 6c; Black Figs, sacks, 3%c: Plums, nomi
nal, 2c for unpltted and 4%®6c for pitted; |
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%®6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s®Bc
for hardshell: 10®llc for softshell; Almonds,
B®9c for hardshell, 12(513c for softshell, 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and
4%®5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5.
HONEY— 10®ilc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 7%
®7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5®5%c
per lb.
BEEWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
B%®9c for light medium,' 10%®llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%® for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef. $15® 15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%®5%c per lb for
compound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 ln a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 ln
a case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND BOPS.
Tallow continues scarce and in good demand.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B®S%c; Cow
hides, B%®9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c ;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®30c each; short
Wool, 35®60c each; medium, 70® 90c; long Wool
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@500 for
small.
TALLOW, No. 1 rendered, 4%®5c per lb; No
2, 4®4%c; refined, ; Grease, .
WOOL— Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 7<&9c; year's staple, 6%®
8c; Foothill and Northern free, 10@12c; Foot
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada.
.®llo.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain... 6%@So
Southern 6@7%c
Plain? 4@6c
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10®llc per lb for ordinary
12®12%c for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
ln sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 4%c; Mag
nolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, 4%c;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more; bags, 1-16 less. No order taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%(SB%c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®Bc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5c for small, 5%@5%c for
medium and 4%®4%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4®4%c; dressed Hogs, 6%@7%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, April 12.
Flour, qr sks.... 7,401 Hops, bales 12
Barley, ctls 1,440 Wool, bales ..... 251
Oats, ctls 85|Llme, bbls 182
Butter, ctls ' 410 Pelts, bdls ■ 163
Cheese, ctls 256 1 Hides, No. ...... COO
Tallow, ctls 210 ( Eggs, doz 23,940
Beans, sks 3,403 Quicksilver, flks. ' 46
Potatoes, sks .. 585 Leather, rolls .. 107
Onions, sks 10 Wine, gals 21.250
Middlings, sks... 1,065 Sugar, sks 5,965
Hay, tons 323! Sugar, bbls 105
Straw, tons 30 j ; .. v "i-"s
OREGON.
Flour, sks.... , 4,053 i
THE STOCK MARKET.
The sugar stocks were about the same on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange.
The light stocks were unsettled. Gas and
Electric declining to $74 and Mutual Electric
advancing to $15 75.
On the afternoon call business was more
active. Gas and Electric sold still lower at
$73 37%, Mutual Electric advanced to $16 12%
and Contra Costa Water to $65. Market-street
Railway declined to $62 75.
Mining stocks continued firm but quiet The
telegram from the pump said: "Elevator
'working steadily. Water In 1750 level winze
19 feet 7 inches below the station."
The semi-annual Interest on the bonds of the
Sierra Valley Railway Company is now payable
at the Crocker- Woolworth National Bank.
The following changes in the officials of the
Nevada National Bank are reported: George
Grant, cashier, In place of D. B. Davidson,
retired on account of ill health, and W. G.
McGavln, assistant cashier, in place of Mr.
Grant, promoted. The offlce of second vice
president has been created, and I. W. Hellman
has been appointed to the place.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. WEDNESDAY, April 12—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 7% 7%
4s quar c0up..H3%114 Eqult G L Co. 7% 8%
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 16 16%
4s quar new.. — 130 Oakland Gas.. — 48%
Ss quar c0up. .107%— Pac Gas Imp. 77 79
Miscellaneous— Pac L Co 46 —
Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — SF G & E.... 73% 74
Cal Elec L 65.125%127% San Fran 3% 3%
2 C Wat 55.... 109 110% Stktn Gas 6s. — —
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance—
E L & P 65.. 131 — Flrem's Fund.22o 225
F & Cl Ry 6s. 116 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... — 67
H C& S 5%5.102% — Rank of Cal.. 258 —
LAL Co 65.. — — Cal SD & T.. 98 —
Do gntd 65.. 101 — First Natlonl. — 225
Do RofC 6s — — ,Lon P & A.. .131% —
Market-st 65... 12S 128% 'Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.H6%116% Nev Nat 8k..150 —
N C N G R 75. 107 — Savings Banks—
N;Ry Cal 65.. 114 — Ger S & L.. — 1675
N Ry Cal 55.. 110% — I Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 Mutual Saw. — 41%
NPC R R 65,102% — S F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 105 — S & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55... 109 — Security S B 300 350
Dm C Ry 65.. 125 — Union T Co. — 1450
P & Cl Ry 65.. — 109 Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 117 — California 112 —
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Market-st 62% 62%
SF& N P 55. 113% — Oak S L & H. — —
SF & S JV55.114% — Presidio 13 17
SlerraßCal 6s. — — Powder—
S P of Ar 65..111%112% California .... — 190
S P C 6a (1905)110% — IE Dynamite... — 102%
SPC 6s (1906) — — Giant Con Co. 60% 61
SPC 6s (1912) — — Vigorit 2% 2%
SPCIs eg 5a 103 — Sugar—
3PBr 6s 122% — Hana P C 0.... 17 17%
S V Water 6s. — 116% Haw C&SC. 92 —
3 V Water 45. 104 104% Hutch S P Co. 31*4, 32%
3 V W45(3dm).101% — I Paauhau S P. 38% 39
Stktn Gas 65.101%102%| Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— ;A1 Pac A55n..109%109%
Contra Costa.. 65% 63% Ger Ld Wk5.. 250 —
Marin Co 50 — |Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lol%lo2% l Oceanic S Co.. 73% 74%
Gas and Electric— l Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas...— — jPac C Bor C 0.107% —
Central G Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board-
SO Alaska Packers' Assn 109 50
120 Contra Costa Water 64 25
100 Contra Costa Water 64 50
35 Contra Costa Water 64 62%
5 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 12%
210 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 91 50
150 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5... 105 25
10 Market Street Railway 63 60
10 Market Street Railway, cash 63 50
5 Market Street Railway 63 25
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 25 *
25 Mutual Electric Light 13 37%
is". Mutual Electric Light 15 60
76 Mutual Electric Light 15 62%
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
160 Paauhau S P Co 38 87%
50 Pacific Lighting 46 00
60 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 00
$1000 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 50
Street— :•■',->,
150 Contra Costa Water 64 00
Afternoon Session
Board—
15 Contra Costa Water 64 75
60 Contra Costa Water 63 00
60 Contra Costa Water 65 2".
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 12%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 92 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .lo3 00
5 Market Street Railway 63 25
5 Market Street Railway 63 12%
5 Market Street Railway 63 00
100 Market Street Railway 63 00
370 Market Street Railway 62 50
25 Market Street Railway, s 30 62 50
$2009 Market St Ry Con 5 per cent bonds.ll6 37%
' $6000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.. 114 00
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. llo 50
30 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
140 Mutual Electric Light 15 87%
520 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
50 Mutual Electric Light, b 5 16 00
150 Mutual Electric Light 16 12%
50 Oceanic S S Co 74 00
25 I'aauhau S P Co 38 87%
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 30
15 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 75
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 87%
15 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
60 Spring Valley Water 102 'JO
$2000 U S 3 pev cent bonds 107 30
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
105 Equitable Gaslight IS CO
25 Paauhau S P Co 53 >.7%
15 Giant Powder 60 50
IS Giant Powder 60 62%
25 Market Street Railway 63.0
Afternoon Session.
30 Hutchinson S P Co "2 00
15 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 71 00
25 Mutual Electric Light '.. 13 73
15 Mutual Electric Light 15 87%
40 Paauhau S P Co 33 57%
75 Equitable Gaslight & 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stoc'.t Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher ....' 41 1 100 Mexican 66
200 Best & Belcher 65 50 Ophir 115
200 Challenge 36 ' 400 Potosl 31
500 Chollar 36 500 Savage 33
100 Con Cal & Va.l 90 700 Seg Belcher 04
400 Crown Point... 26 200 Sierra- Nevada.l 10
300 Could & Curry 43 200 Union Con .... 56
200 Hale ft Norcrs 33 100 Utah 17
100 Justice 21 400 Yellow Jacket. 42
200 Mexican 65
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 401 100 Ophir 120
100 Challenge 35. 100 Potosi 31
400 Chollar 381 100 Potosl "32
150 Con Cal & Va.l 90 400 Union Con .... 54
200 Gould & Curry 42' 200 Yellow Jacket. 42
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 17 400 Mexican 64
300 Andes 16 100 Occidental 34
600 Belcher 40 200 Ophir 115
600 Best & Belcher 64 600 Potosi ; 31
200 Challenge Con.. 36 900 Potosi 33
300 Chollar 36 800 Potosl 33
400 Chollar 37 600 Savage 34
600 Chollar 38 500 Seg Belclv.'r 04
200 Con Cal & V...1 85 300 Sierra Nevaia.l '0
100 Con Cal & V.l 87% 600 Union Con .... 55
200 Confidence .... 841 300 Union Cm .... 56
700 Crown Point... 25' 200 Yellow Jacket. 43
600 Crown Point... 24 1 900 Yellow Jacket. 42
200 Hale & Norc.-3 32 600 Yellow Ja_et. 41
000 Mexican 65 ! V, \
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 38. 600 Gould & Curry 42
■ 300 Belcher 33 200 Hale & Norcrs 30
' 300 Best & Belcher 64 j 400 Mexican 64
600 Best & Belcher 63 300 Mexican 63
400 Chollar 36 300 Ophir 115
400 Chollar 37 400 Ophir 117%
1150 Con Cal _ V...1 90 900 Potosi 31
600 Con Cal _ V.l 57% 400 Union .Con .... 54
300 Crown Point . . 2" 400 Yellow ■ Jacket. 42
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 12—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con 06 07 I Jul 03 04
Alta 09 11 Justice 19 21
Andes 15 _7,Kentuck 05 06
Belcher '38 40 Lady Wash .... — 02
Best & Belcher 63 64 Mexican 63 ,61
, Bullion 02 05 Occidental 33 —
Caledonia 36 38 )phlr 115 120
"■hollar 37 33 Overman 13 14
Challenge Con.. 34 36 Potosl 31 33
Confidence ..... 81 S3 l Savage 33 34
Con Cal & Va.l 85 190 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial... 01 02 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Crown Point... 23 24 Sierra Nevada.l 05 110
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill .... — 04
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate — 06
Eureka C0n.... — 50 |Standard 2502 75
Exchequer..... — 04 i Union Con 52 53
Gould & Curry 42 43 Utah 14 16
Hale & Norcrs SO 31 1 Yellow Jacket.. 40 42
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ernest O. and Henrietta- Wllklns to Louis
and Katharina R. Cranz, lot on S line of Turk
street, 109 E of Van Ness avenue, E 27:6 by S
120; $10.
Edwin S. and Rebecca C. Tucker to Soren B
Peterson, lot on E line of Buchanan street. 120
S of Jackson, S 27:8% by E 137:6; $10.
John Bellmer to Maria Bellmer (wife of
John), lot on E line of Buchanan street, 110 N
of Green. N 30 by E 62:6; gift.
Julia F. McGauley to James F. McGauley
lot on S line of Green street, 137:6 E of Scott*
E 60 by S 137:6; $1. "*
Ellen Gourley to August and Noemie Mlclo
lot on N line of Pacific street, 117:6 E of Hyde'
E 2:6 by N 60; also lot on N line of Pacific
street. 97:6 E of Hyde, E 20 by N 60; $300.
Michael McLaughlin to Mary McLaughlin,
lot on.S line of Boyd street, 100 E of Chesley
E 20 by S 60; gift.
Same to John P. McLaughlin, lot on W line
of Langton street, 225 S of Harrison, S 25 by W
"'same to same, lot on W line of _ Langton
street, 100 S of Harrison. S 25 by W «a; $1400.
Charles W. Smyth to Wade G. Moores, lot on
S line of Holloway street. 25 W of Plymouth,
S 100 by E 25, lot 34. block S. -akevlew; $00.
B. B. Lee to Martha A." Roller, lot on N line
of Garfield street, 25" W of Bright, W fc> by N
100. block 46, City Land Association: $10. .
George McCord to Mary E. Qulnn, SE por
tion of lot 3, block 14, Noe Garden Homestead
Union, being 345 S of Twenty-fourth street and
125 W of Beilevue, N 60, W 54 13-30. 8 17 deg
30 mln. E 61 18-25. E 40; 1. lot 3. block 14, Noe
Garden Homestead Union; $10. _ ,' T _
Hannah B. de Urioste (wife of J.) to L. G.
Lander, lot commencing on V) line of Alpine
and 75 N of Ridley (Thirteenth) street, W to
Buena Vista avenue, thence NW to N line or
lot 1. block B, Spreckeis Subdivision. E 80 t.
25, portion of lot 1, block B. SpreckeU.Sub
divisions, blocks A, B and D, Park Hill Home
stead No. 2; $10. , , —._„__.-.
Margaret A. Fraser (widow) and Jean I- raser
(single) to John N. and Amanda Thompson,
lots 47 and 4S, block 5, Sunnyslde; $10.
Alameda County.
Marj' L. Parsons to Harriet Pantry, lot on
E line of Magnolia street, 150 S_ of Thirty
fourth. S 50 by E 133:3. being the S half of lot
5, block 677, Watts Tract. Oakland; $o.
Emma E. Bryant to Nellie V. Bryant, lot on
SE line of Tenth avenue, 150 'SW of East
Eleventh street. SW 25 by SE 150. block 16,
Clinton. East Oakland, subject to life estate to
first party; $5. .
Commercial Bank and Philip R. and Mary A.
Boone to Sarah L. Butters, lot on N line of
Durant avenue, 209.06 W of Shattuck, W 12. by
N 130, being lots 12, 14 and portion of lot lb.
block 1, Barker Tract, Berkeley: also lot on
line of Durant avenue, 449.60 W of Shattuck,
W 75 by S 130, being lot 20 and portion of lot
13, block 2, same. Berkeley; $10.
Gunther Knauft to Mary Knauft. lot on S
line of Folger avenue, 243:4% E of Bay street.
S 125 by E 90, being lot 34, map of Villa Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $1.
Albert S. Woodbrldge to George Lydlksen. let
on E line of Champion street, 59.50 S of Pal
metto, E 120.88, S 50, W 120.70. N 50 to begin
ning, being lots 7 and 8. resubdlvlsion of block
B. Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
, M. A. Pierce to Mary L. Neal. lot on S line
of San Jose avenue, 350 E of Walnut street,
E 50 by S 150. being lot 11. block P, lands ad
jacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to Charles L. Sturm, lot
12. block J, Linda Vista Terrace, Map 2, Oak
land; $10.
1 Charles L. and Mary Sturm to E. A. Heron,
same, Oakland; $10.
George P. Hunt to Elizabeth Hunt, lot on S
line of Crawford street. 170.56 E of San Pablo
avenue. E SO, S 231:1. W SO, N 230.9 to begin
ning, block G, J. W. Crawford Tract, Oakland;
gift.
The Central Land Company (a corporation) to
John P. Beckett, lot on S line of Thirty-sixth
street, 341 W of Grove. W 40 by S 120:3, being
portion lots 8 and 9, block C, Map of property
Central Land Company, Oakland: $535.
John Gray to County of Alameda, lot be
ginning at a point on Seminary avenue at NE
corner lot 77, thence S 25, W 25, N 25, E to
beginning, to be used as a public street, Brook
lyn Township; $1.
Thomas J. and Catherine Cox to same, lot
beginning at a point on Seminary avenue at
SE corner lot 78, thence N 25 on Seminary ave
nue, thence W to a point on Nutley avenue, 25'
N of SE corner lot 44, thence S 25 E to begin
ning, being portion of lots 44 and 78. Klngsland
tract, to be used for public street, Brook
lyn Township; $1.
Moses and E. A. Foley to Delos Pratt, lot
9, block 2, Revised Map Eden Park, warranty
deed, Brooklyn Township: $10.
L. Meyer (by Tax Collector) to B. Kelsey,
lots 8 and 9. block 45, lands adjoining to En
cinal, tax deed, Alameda; $3.
B. Kelsey to Percle C. Black, lot on S line
of Eagle avenue, 110:4% W of Park street, W
100 by S 145, being lots 8 and 9, block 45. Min
turn Tract, quitclaim deed, Alameda: $5.
Percle C. Black to John Schumacher, same,
quitclaim deed, Alameda: $10.
Louis Meyer, William G. Learve, J. J. Raver,
Mamie Fernandez, as assignee of Louis Meyer
(Insolvent), and L. FJoird (by commisisoner)
to same, .same, Alameda; $4574.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Elvlse H. and
George M. Merrlman, lot on E line of La
fayette street. 76 S of Pacific avenue, S 37 by
E 108, block 33. Map of property in vicinity of
Encinal Station, Alameda; $10.
C. E. and Grace A. Nichols to Henry D.
Gage, lot on S line of Knox avenue, 500.42 W
of Telegraph avenue, W 40.18, S 153.20. E. 40, N
149.64, to beginning, being lot 15, Knox Park;
$50.
Mary C. and William McDonald to William
H. and Elizabeth Kelfer, lot on S line of
Thirty-second street, 436.58 W of Telegraph
avenue. W £0 by S 140, being lot 12, block 2036,
Rowland Tract; $10.
Edward J. Stewart to Fred Carlson, lot on
SW corner of Orange street and boundary line,
lot 40, block B, Lands of Oakland View Home
stead Association, N 30 by W 99, being the S
30 feet of lot 40, block B, Lands of Oakland
View Homestead Association. Oakland; $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to Robert
Bishop, lots 36, 37, 38, 41 and 42, block B. Fair
view Tract, Oakland Township: $650.
Oakland Bank of Savings to same, same,
quitclaim deed, Oakland Township: $10.
Alice M. and R. M. Swain to Club Building
Association of Alameda County .a corporation),
lot on NE corner of Dwit'ht wav and Dana
street, E 50 by N 130, block 6. College. Home- j
stead Association, Berkeley: $1750.
Elmer Clark to O. C. Pratt, lot on E line of
Stanford street, 155.69 N of Ashby avenue, N
44.49, E 129.61, S 40, W 146.85, to beginning,
block A, Adeline Tract, Berkeley; $400.
Aaron Wood to Jennie R. Hartzell. lot on
SE line of Twenty-flrst street, 100 W of Twenty
second avenue, S 60 by W 23, block 51, San
Antonio. East Oakland: $10.
J. C. Holloway to Edward. L. Brlggs. lot on
S line of Eleventh street, 100 E of Castro. E
45 by S 100, block 147. Oakland: $10.
Sadie E. Bassett (administratrix of the es
tate of Eliza J. Bishop) to J. F. Cross, lot on
NE corner of Thirty-second and Chestnut
streets, E 28:3 by N 100, block 675, Watts Tract,
Map 2, Oakland; $500.
John Hackett and M. J. Madison to Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Company (a
corporation), lots 3 to 10. block 79, Map of Wat
son Property. East Oakland; $5.
H. M. Barry to George Chase, lot on S corner
of East Twenty-fourth street and Seventh ave
nue, SE 300 by SW 150. block 144, Clinton, quit
claim deed. East Oakland; $167.
George and M. E. Chase to Frank M. Smith,
lot on S corner of East Twenty-fourth street
and Seventh avenue, SE 300 by SW 150, block
144. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Mary S. Stoks to Irvine V. Ralph, lots 4, 5, 8
and 9. block 82. Town of Alvarado, to correct
456 d. 389, quitclaim deed, Washington Town
ship; $50.
Builders' Contracts.
Cecile Raisin (owner) with Douglas & Camp
bell (contractors), architect none. All work
for a 2-story and frame residence on lot on N
line of John street, 75:6 B of Mason, E 30 by
N 60; $4905.
Anna Herzo (owner) with J. Pecarich (con
tractor), architects Martens & Coffey. All work
for a 3-story frame building with rough base
ment (store and 2 flats), on lot on N line of
Pacific street, 45 E of Leavenworth, E 23 by
N 60; $4100.
John and Kate Baler (owners) with S. A.
Born (contractor), architect Thomas J. Welch.
All work except plumbing and painting for a
2-story and basement frame building with brick
foundations on lot on E line of Diamond street,
90 S of Jersey. E 30. N 90. W 30. S 90; $3965.
Brown and the Twins.
"Yes." said Green, "I always thought
well of Brown until last night."
"What did he do last night?" asked
White. : .•;
"Well, you know," the first went on,
"we've boys at our houses, two of 'em,
twins, and as fine a pair of youngsters as
mortal man ever laid his eyes on. They're
bouncing fellows, and for the past week
all the neighbors have been in to see
them. Most of the girls Gertrude knows
have given the babies something, and
some of the men have sent over little
trifles like shaving mugs and cigar cases
and the like, to be saved for the boys un
til they're old enough to use them. We
expected a nice present from Brown and
his wife, for both Gertrude and I knew
them well before we all up and married.
Of course Brown was told of the twins
shortly after their arrival in this vale
of tears, and every evening we expected
he and Mrs. Brown would be over. They
came last night. Brown wanted to see
the boys, yet as they have never had any
little folks in his house, he hardly know
what to say. They were brought out by
the nurse, and he took one on each knee
holding them close to him, with his arms
around them, you know. Well, he" look
ed at them, blushed a little, appeared
rather foolish, and blurted out, "Brothers,
I presume? What do you think of that?"
—Detroit Free Press.
■—— ■ » ■
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
1
V
1H
Me
8
10
IT
n
W«
6
11
Th.
6
13
B-r.
r
14
11
28
Sa. Moon* Phases.
1 /c- Last Quarter,
Aprll 3
jO. Hew Moon.
16 jW Aprl 9.
"~ -»Flr»t Quarter
ii ° ArrlT 17.
29 /C^ Full Moon.
Vi/ April 25.
ti.
n
n
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Offlce of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Or., April 10. 1899.
WRANGEL STRAIT, ALASKA.
Notice is hereby given that Middle Ground
Buoy No. 11, a black second class Iron spar,
heretofore reported gone adrift, has been re
placed on Its station, April 2. 1599.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1898, page 80.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
GEO. C. REITER,
Commander, U. S. N. , Lighthouse Inspector.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained ln San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of arts and sail
ing directions of the world are Kept on , atest
for comparison . and reference. ra ed regarding
information can always be Obtained atters
lights, dangers to navigation and an man.
of Interest to ocean commerce. Ferry
The time ball on the tower of the new terry
building at the foot of Market street £ boh ted
about ten minutes before noon , and d row pea
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal r
ceived each day from the United States Nava.
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal dropped
A notice stating whether the ball 7"^,°,^
on time or giving the error. If any Is Polished
in the morning papers oll ° gf J( |SES.
Lieutenant. T' fi ~N.. in charge. ■_■
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survej
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur "
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. APRIL 13.
__„ tmmm 5:38
Pun sets ••••'•• 6:U
Moon sets' V.V.V.'.V." V. 10:40 p^
a Time Time Time Time
p Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
!» H W L W H W L. W
IS™!. 0:44 T» 7:39 ' 2:3C| 4.4 7:10] J. 7
14... 1:22 5.3 S:3O-0.l 3:4fl| 4.2 8:01 ..ft
15 ... 2:10 5.3 P:26 0.2) 4:50) 4.2 9:09 3.2
16 3:OT. 4.8 10:22 O.sf 6:00f 4.3f 10:34 3.1
17 !.. 4:11 4.4! 11:21 0.7' 6:5»t *-6(--"
IS ... 0:03| B.l| 5:31' 4.1: 12:111 I.o| 7:3S 4.8
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide or
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The neignts
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts. «- ce Pt
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the neignt.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ot
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Luella 'Tillamook Apl. 13
San Jose 'Panama !Apl. la
Townsend ]Coquille River (Apl. 13
Point Arena [Point Arena M A Pj- i:
North Fork IHumboidt - Ap . «
Signal IWUlapa Harbor ~. Apl. 1*
Weeott [Humboldt Apl. l*
Wellington Departure Bay Apl. 14
Newburg Grays Harbor Apl. 14
Corona San Diego Apl. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Apl. 14
B. Hernster.... CoqulUe River Apl. IB
Brunswick iGrays Harbor Apl. l»
State of Cal [Portland Apl. i»
Washtenaw ITacoma Apl. is
Orizaba [Newport Apl. 16
Progreso ISeattle Apl. 18
Pomona IHumboldt Apl. 17
Queen IVlftoria & Puget SoundtApl. 1.
Crescent City... [Crescent City Apl. 17
Panta Roßa San Diego Apl. 18
Coptic [China and Japan Apl. 15
Columbia IPortland Apl. 2»
Coow Bay Xpwport Apl. m
Czarina ! Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 20
.1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Alliance ....Oregon Ports. Apl. 13, 10 am Pier 20
Columbia ..IPortland Apl. 13. 10 am I Pier »4
Coos Bay... I Newport I Apl. 14. 9 am! Pier 11
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay lApl. 14. 6 pmlPler 13
Pomona ....|Humbnldt Apl. 14, 2 pm'Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. [Point Arena.. I Apl. 15. 3 pmlPler 2
Corona ....|San Diego Apl. 16. 11 amlPier 11
Umatilla ..IVic & Pgt Sd. Apl. 16. 10 am I Pier <»
Areata ICoos Bay Apl. 16. 10 amtPier 1J
Newburg ..Grays Harbor Apl. 17. 5 pmlPler 3
State Cal... IPortland I Apl. 18. 10 am I Pier 24
Orizaba ....INewport Apl. 18, 9 amlPier 11
Ran Jose...! Panama lApl. 18, 12 miPMSS
Mariposa ..ISydney lApl. 19, 2 pmlPler 7
Santa Rosa' San Diego lApl. 20, 11 amlPier 11
City Rio J..|China&JapanlApl. 20, 1 pmIPMSS
-
____________—_—-——————_————_——_——————————-.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce, XT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cai.,
April 12, 1899.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In chartre.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April 12.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, 80 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 60 hours from Vlc
tcrlp and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 13 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, IS hours from Eu
reka. ■-*". <-'t
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 13 hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 14 hours from
Bowent Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. April 12.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Evans, Hongkong
and Yokohama via Honolulu; W B Curtis.
Br ship City of York, Jones, Fremantle; J J
Moore &> Co.
Br ship Halewood, Stott, Junln; W R Grace
& Co.
Schr Maksoutoft, Lindahl, Kodiak: N A Com
Co. '■
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, Honolulu;
Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, Kodiak; Alaska
Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 12.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Evans, Hongkong,
etc. " >.i-
Ship Bohemia, Whalman. Bristol Bay.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Thomsen, Bristol Bay.
Bktn Uncle John, Henningsen. Eureka.
Schr Twilight, Hansen, Columbia River.
CHARTERS.
The Planter and W H Dlmond load mdse for
Honolulu.
The Newsboy loads lumber at Port Blakeley.
for Sydney, 455; option of Noumea, 60s.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 12. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles. , >•;
SPOKEN.
March 4, lat 21 06 S, long 24 42 W— ship
Crown of Scotland, from Oregon, for Queens
town.
Feb 9, lat 32 S. long 35 W— Br ship Glen
doon. from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Per Br stmr Shan Tung, at San Diego, April
5, lat 21 50 N, long 136 03 W— Ger ship Ecua
dor, from. Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON— April 11— Schr Coquille,
hence April 2.
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 12— Schr Lottie Car
son, for Eureka.
USAL— April 12— Stmr Ruth, for Ven
tura.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 12— Schr
Amelcan Girl, from Honolulu; schr Wawona,
from Port Blakeley, for Newport.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived April 10— Schr
Ida Schnauer, hence March 26.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 12— Stmr Cottage
City, from Dyea.
Sailed April 12— Stmr Progreso, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Excelsior, for Alaska.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed April 12— Aust
stmr Slam, for Nanaimo.
ASTORIA — Arrived April 12— Schr North
Bend, hence April 3.
EUREKA— Arrived April 12— Stmr Hueneme.
hence April 10; stmr Townsend, from Coqullla
River; stmr South Coast, hence April 11.
Sailed April 12— Schr Occidental, for San
Francisco; schr Alice, for San Pedro: stmr
Townsend, for San Francisco; stmr North
Fork, for San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— In bay April 12— Bark Top
gallant, from Port Blakeley. for San Fran
cisco: bark Oakland, from Everett, for San
Francisco; ship Standard, from Tacoma, for
Honolulu.
NEAH BAY'— Passed April 12— Stmr Czarina,
hence April 9. for Seattle.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April 12-Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived April 12— Schr Abble, from
San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed April 12— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— Sailed April 10-Ger ship Theodor,
for San Francisco.
DELAGOA BAY — Arrived April 9 — Ship
James Nesmlth, from Port Blakeley.
AUCKLAND— Arrived April 12— Stmr Ala
meda, hence March 23.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 11-Br ship Celtic
Chief, from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed April 12-Br ship
Wlscome Park, for Manchester.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 11— Stmr Gadita
now, from Clenfuegos and Havana; stmr Ja
son, from Kingston.
GENOA— Arrived April 12— Stmr Kaiser Wit
helm 11, from New York, via Gibraltar and
Naples.
CHERBOURG— April 12— Stmr Kaiser
Frlederlch, for Bremen, via Southampton, for
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 12— Stmr Pavo
nia, from Liverpool, for Boston.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived April 12-Stmr
Nederland, from Liverpool.
AUCKLAND— April 12— Stmr Ala
meda, from San Francisco, via Honolulu for
Sydney, NSW.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 12— Stmr Cenha
lonla. from Boston.
GLASGOW— Arrived April 12— Stmr Grecian,
from Boston.DERBY HORSES
WERE OUT FOR
A PRELIMINARY
Corsine Easy Game
for Los Medanos.
FIRST TENOR NOT A STARTER
GOLDEN RULE CAPTURED THE
STAKE EVENT.
Tar Hill Left the Maiden — Ros
inante First in Handicap Paul
Griggs Led Over the Line
by Headwater. : r
The mile and p. Quarter event on the
card at Oakland yesterday was a "feeler"
for th* Derby. There were four starters,
with Corrigan's Corsine a pronounced fa
vorite. The surprise stable of E. J. Bald
win also started one that had been pick
ling in the brine for some time— Los Me
dar.es. On April 7 the brown colt started
Jn a mile and -a sixteenth race raptured by
Joe Ull man, and while showing speed at
one stacre of tho journey was beaten by
the winner more than a dozen lengths.
The members of the ring chalked up 10 to
1 against him, and even the silverites
passed him up. He made all the running
and won from the favorite under restraint
in 2:08%. The winner is a good looking
piece of racing material, and should be
hard to beat on Saturday. Oiir.thus was
also a starter, but Shields choked him to
death while trying to rate tho chestnut
colt, and he ran last.
The attendance continues to grow
lighter every dny. Three favorites were
beaten
oeaien.
Corrigan won the Olympic stake at four
and a half furlongs with Golden Rule.
Winyah was not trying, and Burdoc took
second place from Moana.
The mile and a furlong handicap was
the one interesting feature of the after
noon. Rosinante and Topmast ruled equal
choices In the betting, and ln a drive Jen
kins landed the former winner by a head,
Plan finished at the saddle girths of Top
mast, but was disqualified and the show
given to David Tenny.
The knowing ones all put the checks
down on Billy Randall's entry Tulle i
in the opening mile and a sixteenth run.
Fending him to the post favorite. Show
ing the way for a mile the Montana horse
then tired and was passed by Peter
Weber, an S4-pounder, ridden by See,
which won easily. The winner was 4 to 1
in the betting.
Corrigan's Artillery filly Art ilia was the
redhot one in the "kindergarten" scram
ble, but a straggling start contributed to
her defeat, and the young miss finish*
third. Tar Hill, with Macklln tip and
once 7 to 1 in the ring, led throughout.
winning hands down from Flush of Gold.
The gray horse Paul Griggs was downed
in the six furlong dash by Headwater.
The filly closed favorite over him. and
though he made a stubborn chase after
her was led out over a length in 1:13%:
Guilder, unable to stand the hot clip set,
finished a fair third.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND KACE TRACK. Wednesday, April 12. 1899.— Seventieth
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. "Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Pr-sislins .,udge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
QftQ First Race— One and a (sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
____'____._______ '
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ;St. Std. 'im.
I I T — * rinr.
Vim.
%m.
Ptr.
Fin.
»'_•"-'- ' ; Betting.
Index-. Horse. Age. Weight. 'st: Std. 'im. \_m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. dp. Cl.
_4 Peter Weber, 3.V.. 84j ! 3 4 2 4 6 1 '2 4 ... 11 W. See.. ! 3 7-2
'Ml) Tullamore. 5 m\ 3 * 12 11 11 11 ... 2 4 (Thorpe 2 11-",
944 Don Vallejo, 5 10" j 5 4 V 5 Vi "4 5 2 ... 3 4 Romero | 12 20
-2 Gler.gaber, 3 96 3 81 83 52 4 1 ... 43 Devin I 6 12
934 Romany. 3 93.10 8 1 » 2 4 1 3 h ... 5 2 Bassinger .... 8 10
9?3 Judge Wofford. 3.. 79 2 7 4 9 4 10 1 6 1. ... 6 ** Johnson 30 30
'34 Fest - 3 96 4 1" 12 - 12 8 8 4 ... 7 2 Gray i 5 8
'•34 Paliucus, 3 94 7 2 h 7 Vi 2 1 7 1 ... 8 1 McNichols ... 10 15
934 Sidelong. 3 93 11 9 112 - 4 10 1 ... 9 1 Ranch ; 60 75
941 Melkarth. 4 .... 103 S 5 £ 3 h 3 1 9 Vi ... 10 I. Powell.... . : 10 12
873 Ballverso, 4 106.13 11 6 4 9 1 11 ... 11 W. Narvaez.. £0 75
934 Yaruta. 3 93 .- 12 10 2 111 12 ... 12 Holmes .. 20 25
892 Gilberto. 3 ._ 93: 6 13 13 13 13 ... 13 Bonn. ..:....). 50 60
Time— 1-16, :07: 6-16, :314: 9-16. :S.-.4; 13-15. 1:22%; mile, . 1:424: 1 I -16m, 1:43. Winner,
E. Ryan's b. g. by imp. Convefh-Lllly Dale. Good start Won Brst three driving.
Weher was poumls the best. Tullamore grew weary last Sixteenth. Don Vallejo could
have won, more vigorously ridden. Festoso badly handled.
Srratrhed-i-tan Powers 101, Morana 99. i*ler,<inra 84.
_»£"*! 0 SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $100.
Index. Horse.
Weight. St.
Um.
Vim.
*,m.
Ptr.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
933 Tar Hill IIS 1
940 Flush of Gold 105 3
... Artllla 115 5
... Beautiful Bill IIS 2
... Miss Vera 115 9
703 Candlelight II 11' 7
... Racetto 115 4
9.W Castiso 115 8
... Pythla 115 6
9- Kolena 105 10
927 St. Elizabeth ....115 *
1 3
2 6
3 '-
4 8
7 2
6 5
v 1
9 10
!1 4 Macklin • 5
2 10 I. Powell 6
3 n . Piggott 3-2
4 3 'Thorpe 6
5 6 .Jenkins 15
6 4 K. Lloyd 12
• i Snider 40
8 1 Vogt co
9 H. Shields.... 8
*- E. Jones 6
._.._ jHennessy | 20
4
I
8-5
10
20
20
50
100
12
7
25
•Left. .Pulled up. ~~ --. - -
... Ti i r '— '«• •■■•*•, '-4. : - ? - Winner. E. W. Purser's ch. c. by El Rio Rey-Otilla. Bad start
Won first three driving. * " au 8lalT -
Start gave the race to the winner. Artllla Is said to be a good one. Beautiful Bill
ran a fair race.
Scratched- Hindoo Princess 115. Big Horn 118. "i fiannenhaum 115. Rachel c 115.
£)(.'-. ™0- RACE - Four an *- a half furlongs; two-year-olds; Olympic stakes; value.
Index.
Horse.
Weight. St.
4m.
Vim.
*im.
Ptr.
Fin.
Jockeya.
-S Golden Rule 123 :' 1 ... 2 1 II 11 12 1-. tt fc 1-'
?»£«««- mo « - ■* 42 22 214 Mcffiou :: I - 1 !
'-•:, Moana 90 4 ... 14 24 2h 3 1 J. R..|ff ; « 40
E62 Wlnyah 115 2 ... «- ,, -2 45 Henneaay •;;•?: Ml 1
m Bif-iuo.- 97 5 *> 3 h 5 6 JKlley ■■■"-! 20 40
Time— 1-18, :r-4; 5-16, 30%: 9-16. :554. Winner, E. Corrlgan's ch. ~g. by imp Golden
Garier-Lurllle Murphy. Oood start. Won cleverly. Seoonsi and third driving
Golden Rule was ridden through the stretch. Wlnyah was a sleeper. Slsquoc Is -a
. cranky runner. Moana has speed. \- .';, ■'.••.
£)($•). FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; soiling; three-year-.: and upward; purse. 8400.
. — — 1 . .. — ———
■ I ' ; * .-..-.. *-.-....... 1 ■ 1 t-rr.*— — r
Betting
Index. Hon.. Age. Weight. St. Um. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. ( Jockeys. |Op. Cl.'
-HJ S tea , < -^_i er ' 3 V 107 1 *•* -_**■ 12 *"*•* 1 1% E. Jonas 6-6 12-
(9-) Paul Griggs, 5 116 ! ... 2 h 2 3 22 26 Piggott 2 2
(94SJ. Guilder.; 4 109 1 ... 43 31 34 35 Thorpe 5 9-2
9S6 Socialist. 4 109 5 ... 3 4 46 « « 4 8 "Jenkins 15 15
f54 Don Oaxa, 6 115 8 ... C 53 03 66- iHenneasy .... 100 150
9- Crawford, a 112 4 ... 52 6 8 6 iMacklln 100 600
_i'"*.: 1 Fphnian. 4...i 109 « ... ... ... ... ... |j. p a i y ... \ 20 25
*1/S* ft
Ttmo— 4, :2_i; _. :«; *■;, 1 : 13-"i. (.Inner, II _. Jonea A Co.'s br. _. by Imp. Water-
cress -Head flower. Dad rtart. Won first three driving.
Headwater repeated well. Griggs ran kindly. Others outfooted. .
Scratched- A. masa lin. Kamein 112. Don Luis 109.
St.
Urn.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(jfifi FIFTH RACE and a quarter miles; three-year-olds; purse, »400.
— - - — - . I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight.jSt. Std. Vim. 'Jra. Vim. Str. Fin. ( Jockeys. Op. Cl.
937 Los Medanos 106 I 11 Hi In 14 lh 1*4. IJenklna I ~~B 15
111 Coralne 104 3 21 24 22- 21 2 IV 25 IE. Jonea 14-5
929 LUnewater 106 4 2h 82 »4 »- 81 3 5 Holmee 8 7
___.. P-'l 1 *' 1 ''" 8 __J__j 4 4 4 4__ I |H. Shields.... ! 8-5 11-6
_y*\* '254; 4. -''V.; *4. 1:18; mile. 1:48*4: l-_, _(-_. Winner, K. J. Baldwin's b-
c. by Imp. Cheaternald-Janova. Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
1 he winner came home "on the bit." Coralne mi rated according to his owner's in-
struction's and was heavily backed. Shields on Ollnthue used poor judgment. His mount
ran the first par. under a choking pull, and then wouldn't try.
Scratched— first Tenor 112
QC7 SIXTH RACE— One and km eighth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and upward -
aJV9 9 • puree. faQO. __ >■_____■ - -
I ~~' ' - - I Betting
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ,8t. Btd. i Am . Vim. "Km. Str. Fin.. Jockeya. Op. cl'
Jockeya.
911 Kcslnante, 6 103 1 3 4 2 4 Vi 5' 6 46 lh 'Jenkins 2 9-5
(955) Topmast, fl 114 18 1* 3 1 3 2 2 V, 2% 2 1 |E. Jones 8-6 9-5
911 David Tenny, 5 114 4 5 10 , 8 85 4h ' (U 3 2 4 8 Thorpe 3 4
ME Faversham. 3 SO . 21 21 2 h 31 5 5. ICoburn 100 100
111 Mist-ton. 6 94 8 ( 6 • .. • ... ... ... IMC-lch.a ... 12 15
£18 Plan. 4................90 5 11 1 , _ II 12 1 2 tit |Hal Brown. .. J i
•Pulied up. tD-s-rmllfls-. for fouling and placed last. " . —
Time— H. :12; %. :SS; K. 1:034; %. 1:30. mile, 1:424; Him, 1:5414. "Winn--. J. Coffey's eh.
m. by imp. Char.ixua-Ethle. Good start. Won first three driving*.
In a sharp skirmish at the end the lucky horse won. ( Tenny waa cut off a sixteenth
bom home by Plan. He then looked a winner. Mlatleton we' ao eora It was cruelty to
start him.
First Race— Six furlongs; celling; three-year
olds: .-->■»■':• --
PSB .Tuva 105! 960 Crossmollna ....103
945 Dunpralse 110 958 Genua }*»
SSI Wing ......1051 945 The Fretter. 110
9.8 Bland HO' 932 Hey Hooker 110
Second .Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
! end up; selling:
777 Mel. Isurnh__m..lll 9.2 nftllvei-80 WS
639 Alvero ..-. 11l I 7.6 Spry Lark 109
. 896 Sierra Blanco. ..108: 668 Smyle .. .. ...... .108
1 761 Paul Kroger..... 11l 810 Roulette Wheel. o6
837 Kdgemo.mt 11l 956 February 109
1 944 Meadowlark ....lit 1 812 Zem _em 108
922 Colonial Dame.. lo6 j 965 Crawford 11l
i-7M Santa Lucia 109 1 820 Flora Hawk 108
j 924 Merry Boy 11l
! Third Race-Five furlongs: two-year-olds:
I 921 Artemis 186 1 921 Sir Hampton....
1 952 Rachel C 1C..1 959 "'"' m Sharkey. ..los
I 92* Limerick .. . 106 940 Loch Katrine. ..ll3
959 Ned Dennis .... 105! 921 Silver Tall 113
j Fourth Race— and a sixteenth miles;
I three-year-olds and up: selling:
! (937).T0e UUi— 106 |(Ho)Ar_Mcea 112
964 Hugh Penny. ...112 953 Myth ....... .....10*
i 923 Joe Stalß-e .... 109 961 Tony Llcalit.. . .108
955 Daisy F 1041 545 Espionage 87
I Fifth Race— Five furlongs; three-year-old Al
: lies: : yyj ''■''"■
i 926 I.lmatus 107 542 Banewor 107
902 Royal Fan 107 621 Miss Marion ...!07
034 rieo-:-o*~ 107 ! 934 El Estro 107
720 bipM 107 ' 941 Peach 810550m. .107
Sixth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and up:
S3r. Grady 1171 935 Ostler Joe 117
932 Bliss Rucker 106 919 Bonnie lone 102
.55 Storm King ....112 939 Rapido 107
.26 Gold Pin 94 922 Three Forks ...115
Selections for To-Day.
I First Race— Fretter, Genua. Key Hooker.
Second Race— Roulette Wheel, Merry Boy,
Spry Ixirk.
! Third Race— limerick, Rachel C. Silver Tall.
Fourth Race— Joe Tillman. Myth, Daisy F.
Fifth Race— Miss Marlon, El Estro. Cleodora.
Sixth Race— tier Joe. Storm King, Grady.
--. ■-
Trans-Mississippi Congress.
The Chamber of Commerce is in receipt !
; of a communication requesting the ap- ;
pointment of delegates to the Trans-Mis- j
sissippi Commercial Congress that is to j
meet in Wichita, Kan., in the latter rart |
of May. By the decision of the last con- j
vention San Francisco Is entitled to ten '
delegates and the State is entitled to a !
like representation, to be appointed by :
the. Governor. Every city will be repre- ;
sented. At the next meeting of the Cham- I
bet- Its delegates will be selected. When I
the congress convenes there will be many ■■
interesting subjects discussed. Prominent
among them will be "Irrigation and Arid
Regions," "improvement of Western j
Rivers," "Water Transportation." "Our ,
Trade and How to Increase it," "Agricul
ture," "Mining in the West," and special
subjects relating to "National Quaran
tine." "Statehood for Territories," "Mon- '
roe Doctrine." "Homestead Laws," "Our 1
Foreign Possessions." "Election of United
States Senators by the People." "Paris
Exposition" and "Trusts and Combines." >
Ellen M. Henrotin, ex-president of
the Federated Woman's Clubs of
America, writes about the woman's
clubs of California, in next Sunday's
Call.
An Appeal for Books.
Mrs. "W. B. Harrington, president of
the California Red Cross Society, makes
an appeal for books and magazines to be
used at the Red Cross reading-room at
the Presidio. The arrival of hundreds of
recruits makes this demand for reading
matter imperative, and the society will
send for any, if notified at the "office,
room 309, Examiner building.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents. $35. Leavitt A Bill. 309 Larkln.*
Battered His Wife.
Mrs. Rigeno Brown, 721 Brannan street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of licr
husband, Jacob Brown, a baker, on the
charge of battery. Sunday night while
drunk he struck her several times and
also blackened his little girl's eyes.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan', 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 18 _&.
SACRAMENTO IS
INSTALLED IN
FIRST POSITION
Both Protests Are
Thrown Out.
LEAGUE DIRECTORS MEET
LOCHHEAD OF THE CAPITAL
CTTYS TO ST. LOUIS.
Umpire Creamer Released and O'Con
nor Appointed to Succeed Him.
Oakland Is in Hard
Luck.
The directors of the California League
at a meeting last night voted to disallow
i the protest of San Francisco against the
! game with Sacramento on April 1, and
| that of Santa Cruz against Sacramento
; in the game of April 8, on account of the
I playing of Hughes, a National League
: player, by that team. There were pres
| ent at the meeting President Moran. Vice
President Bert, Secretary Bonnet, Mana
! gers Harris of San Francisco, Kripp of
! Sacramento, Struve of Watsonville,
| Borchers of San Jose and Swing of. Oak
; land. Secretary Bonnet represented
\ Santa Cruz by proxy.
When the matter of the protested
! games was taken up, Manager Kripp i
said he was not aware of the California i
| League's membership in the national I
j agreement, as he had not been officially I
. notified, a statement that was corrobo- !
i rated- by the president and secretary,
who admitted they had failed to send
! out the notification.
Harris said he filed his protest to es- j
i tablish a precedent and to systemize the j
affairs of the league, and not because he |
wanted any games he had not fairly won.
Upon this, both protests were thrown out
by the board of arbitration, consisting of
I the president, vice president and secre-
I tary. Manager Kripp's action in playing
Hughes merited severe precautionary
'. measures against a repetition. His ex
cuse, that he did not know the league was
i under the national agreement, will hard
{ ly hold, in the Santa Cruz protest, at any
rate, for Manager Harris' protest the
week before J ought to have been suffi
cient notice ' to him. Yet he played
Hughes the following Saturday, and
; would in all probability be playing htm
vet had Hughes not departed for the
East.
However, the board took steps to pre
vent a recurrence of the trouble by
i adopting a rule that any club using an
I ineligible player shall forfeit the game
and be fined $100 as well.
President Moran announced the release
; of Umpire Creamer, and the appointment
of Mr. O'Gonnell of San Francisco in his
i place. Creamer has caused general dis
satisfaction by his work.
The positions of the league teams have,
been changed considerably since a week
I ago. By winning two straight from
Santa Cruz Sacramento goes to the top,
and the Fresno team, by defeating Wat
' sonville twice, takes second place, send
: ing Watsonville, who led a week ago, to
I fifth place. Oakland and San Jose are
! tied for third place, and Santa Cruz
brings up the rear. The percentage is aa .
follows: :.'-.-f.;
CLUBS.
Sacramento ..
San Francisco.
Oakland
San Jose
Watsonvllle ..
Santa Cruz
Ix»Bt |
I 1 ... 0 0 2 i.
o i .:. i o o - .
10 0 1 ... 1 0 2 2
! 0 0 0 1 ... 1 2 3
j 0 0 1 0 0 ...
i 1 2 2 2 3 3 i
8 ■ a
•■ ■ ?
: | |
: a
4 .750
5 .«K)
4 .T.OO
4 .:>no
5 .4i»
4 .250
San Jose is bound to show some marks
in Its error column whenever Fatty Klei
ner is In the game, for the big fellow
never shirks anything that comes his
way. He handles many drives that would
be safe hits with anybody else in the po
sition, but of course there are some that
he cannot handle cleanly. It is surpris
ing how easily he gets BO much avoirdu
pois over the ground.
Santa Cruz is smashing the ball as hard
as any of them this season, but does not
seem to have settled down into its regu
lar fielding gait yet. Unseemly errors
have been responsible for most of its de
feats so far. The boys were handicapped
at the start, however, by having their
grounds converted into an ideal duck
pond just when they wanted to begin
practice. With the grounds in good con
dition again, the Crabs will soon be In it
.with the others.
Oakland Is the "hard luck" team of the
league this season. Losing three of its
best men In two days is enough to worry
any manager, but (Swing is not discour
aged, and announces that he will take
I both games from San Jose this week..
It is expected that Hammond will be in
I condition to catch for the Oaklands this
' week. Dunleavy and Donovan, however,
i wi-il not be in shape to play for some time.
The San Jose team play the Stanford
1 College team a game of hall every day
I this week, thereby giving both teams the
best kind of practice.
There appears to be two cliques in the
Watsonville team, each seeking the con
trol of the team, and as a consequence
; the chances of the club are greatly in-
I jured by not getting the best efforts of the
; players.
George Harper and Ham Tberg will be
I the opposing twirlers In Sunday's game.
! This ought to insure a splendid exhibition
I of the pitcher's art, as both players are
! complete masters of scientific pitching.
In the contest at Watsonville last Sun
day neither team made th.- semblance of
an error until the ninth inning, when the
- Watsonville catcher made an error on a
I thrown ball to second base.
The games this week will be as follows-
Watsonville comes to San Francisco, Oak
! land goes to San Jose and Sacramento
I will play at Santa Cruz.
Two errors were responsible for that
____________ • ADVERTISEMENTS.
___^______
#P*l AILING MEN,
*Bjm 9 ' Old, Young, Married, Single,
(P__\f _itr^_P_^i_a\ Can find immediate relief and a perm -
_#wf A"%^^ _PO - nent cure if tllev wi " ,reit witn Dr -
:v * __. f^--^ T^j Meyers & Co. The remedies and me.h-
''/ v _■____ I -/ _£$ ° as of tn;se most successiul specialists
! • <^__M nre the f lroducts ot sl<il! - science, experi-
f%Wa&sh /_lM^_^K_ cn "' i;uperior intellect and tne judicious
__!<_ «B_ilk^W_r^?^_r/ expenditure of many thousands of dollars.
l__ffiS'l ; _!' z' Dr ' M: y ers & -'°- cu,e nervous debil-
• gwfpf NOTwi/l/gll * i,y » stop tnose unnatural drains and
_Wg_\ i^__W____W^ losses which are so dangerous to mind
a§|fi \. /i xgPilffljK^; and body, and cure all contracted aii-
" ' t
CONSULTATION free,
no money required till cured " We have such faith in our
Home cures a specialty. If you cannot call. J"''\ . at "° "i" let at/ents
writs for full particulars and copy of the new deposit the price of a cure in any
Private Counselor and Marriage Guide. bank or with any responsible bust'-
rtD IVIiFVFDC _r r*_r_ ness house or newspaper in San
UK. MEYERS & CO. Francisco, io be -paid to us only
f founded^ 18811. when cure is made. If preferred,
731 Market St., San Francisco, we will accept monthly install-
Take Elevator HOIm(! . 1* s >'; me " tS - fSignfid) l
To Third Floor. "OURS. Jto &s££** "DR. MEYERS & CO." '
awful fourth inning last Sunday. Had
Hammond and Lange accepted- the
chances offered them San Jose would
have been retired without a run, and the
score at. the end of the ninth would have
been a tie.
SACRAMENTO, April 12.— The game
has caught the capital city and no mis
take. More interest has been manifested
so far this season than at any time since
the days when the old Alias dished, out a
quality of baseball that would make the
hair assume a perpendicular position.
Fully a thousand people witnessed the
game last Saturday between the Sacra
mentos and Santa Cruzans, and double
that number went out to Oak Park the
following day to see the same teams per
form. Many more would have attended
the Sunday game had the 'weather been
more pleasant. ;.je . • ',„
The "cranks are "tickled to death at
the team's winning three out of Tour,
which puts them in front place. Last sea
son the Senators- started off in first place
and were never headed. Wonder if they
are going to repeat the dose? - -
"Jay" Hughes and Harry Loehhead left
for the East last Sunday night. Both are
to play in the major league— the former is
on Brooklyn's pitching staff, while the
latter will cover shortstop for St. Louis.
Lochhead's departure was a surprise even
to his most intimate friends. It was
known he signed with St. Louis late last
fall, but owing to the fact that the Cleve
land team was switched to St. Louis it
was thought "Loch's" chances of going to
St. Louis had gone a-gllmmering. About
three weeks ago, however, a ticket and a
piece of advance money came to the big i
shortstop and he wired back "Will come.
The loss of Loehhead is a great one, and
the team will feel it keenly. . ».
Henry Stulz will in all probability be
signed to take Lochhead's place, but with
all due respect to Mr. Stulz we are sure
the contract will be too great to enable !
him to Jump into immediate favor with
the local "fans."
The local team has the distinction of be
ing the only team in California which .in
tho past three years has developed Na
tional Leaguers. The Senators manage
to turn out at least one each season, and
last season both Harvey and Doyle could
have signed with teams In the big league,
but they preferred to stay on the coast.
Pittsburg was hot after Harvey all
through last season, and he ignored tele
gram after telegram. Doyle could have
gone with Loehhead to St. Louis. Stan
ley, our crack catcher, can' play in the
East whenever he desires to, as several
teams are after this star backstop.
Warren W. Beckwith Jr., the new ac
quisition, is proving himself to be a great
ball player. He has Just arrived here from
Chicago, and is a great friend of Mat
Stanley, having played with him two sea
; sons in the Texas League. This same
j Warren Beckwith has had quite a little
romance. It will be remembered that not
I so very long ago there was an elopement
! in the family of Robert B. Lincoln, son
j of President Lincoln, which set the news
papers and gossips all over the country
i talking. Beckwith, who at that time had
i Just graduated from one of the big East-
I crn colleges, was a great football player
and general all-round athlete of no mean
I ability. He became infatuated with Rob
ert Lincoln's daughter, but her folks
would not hear of her marrying Beck
with, and the couple were obliged to elope.
This proceeding greatly angered the pa
rents of the young bride and they refused
to recognize the marriage, and further- \
more they disowned their daughter. After
I the elopement young Beckwith took his
wife to Chicago and he began playing pro
fessional ball. His profession took him
all over ball. country— to Missouri, to
over the country— to Missouri, to
Texas, to Colorado and finally to the
Golden Suite. He Intends settling down
now that the Llncolns have been recon
ciled, and intends to make California his
future home. His wife will Join him as'
soon as he "gets settled." She is at pres
ent with relatives in Denver, Colo.
Next Saturday and Sunday the team
plays in Santa Cruz. The boys will
make their first appearance in their new
uniforms, which arrived from the East
Monday. These uniforms are by far the
"swellest" in the league.
Tommy Sheehan, the little round fel
low, as he Is termed at home, is playing
the fastest ball Imaginable. He is surely
the "find" of the season. He has caught
on with the local "cranks" for keeps.
Beckwith may be put in to pitch one
of the games in Santa Cruz this week.
The lad has plenty of speed and good
curves. He has pitched before; in fact
that was his position while in the Chi
cago league. :;•-•;->-
Tim Shanahan still looks after the first
bag •in his same old style, and we might
add that he still retains that "same old
smile." '•■■'• . ■'. '.'-'•-.■
"Kid" Peeples la playing a great third
for the Senators. He continues to prac
tice faithfully, and will soon work
around to his old-time form.
,The entire team practices for two solid
hours every day in the week but Monday
and the days they play, It is the faith,
ful practice that does as much as any
thing toward landing the pennant each
season.
RELIGION FOR THE YOUNG.
Sunday School Workers' Meeting in
the University Town to Discuss
the Plans of Their Work.- .
BERKELEY, April 12.— The delegates to |
the State Sunday-school Association met
this morning and afternoon in the First
Congregational Church on Dana street. A
fair attendance of Sunday-school teachers
from a"l! over the State made the disucs
slons quite exhaustive. Papers were read
upon the salient points connected with
religious teaching for the young. A ques
tion box added much to the interest of
the gathering and brought out new ideas
connected with this special branch of
work. V-* -
The convention will come to a close to
morrow noon. For the morning session
the order of exercises has been arranged
as follows:
Bible study, led by the Rev. W. C. Sher
man of Sacramento; address, "Hold That
Boy," Joseph I). Radford of San Jose;
address, "Temperance in the Sunday
school," Rev. EC. L. McCracken of San
Francisco; missionary talk, Mrs. W. C.
Sherman; report of State statistical sec
retary, Mrs. Nellie i). Harp of Stockton:
address, "House to House Visitation,"
by the general secretary; address, "Nor
mal Class Methods." 11. Morton of San
Jose; address. "The Consecration of
Childhood to Christ," Bishop Moreland of i
San Francisco.
Sullivan Must Go.
ALAMEDA, April 12.— 1t is now definite
ly stated that School Superintendent Sul
livan will be retired as soon as the new
Board of Education organizes. Not ono
of the Trustees is in favor of his reten
tion. Dr. Scott and Cyrus Brown, the
holdovers, both agree with Messrs. Keys,
Otis and Sloan, the new members, thai
the Interests of the department demand
Sullivan's dismissal. The gentlemen cau
cussed this evening at the home, of Trustee
it's. Those who were mentioned In con
nection with Sullivan's position are Pro
fessor Hughes of the Encinal School, Pro-*
fessor Scott of the High School and Pro
fessor Biedenboch, instructor In mathe
matics in the Oakland High School. Dr.
E. M. Keys will probably be elected chair
man of the new board. The salary of the
superintendent is J2OO a month. •
Tobacco seeds are so minute that it Is
said a thimbleful will furnish enough
plants for an acre of ground.
'advertisements.
Convalescence .
is hastened, the patient strength. - ~ «4W
ened and appetite increased, by *** c^i|||^ s^ SIT-"? _^^r____
&? ' m * r 7_____ M_BtC _<___/■# _Zj_gs?V
As desirable for the well as for the ill. Uncqualed in the world of tonics
for all, young and old.
Prepared only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS% ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Brewers of the purest and most famous brands of bottled beer
for family and club use.
S3 6b
I 935 sold in MARCH. |
( fesc_\px s I
BICYCLES M
no
THQS. H. B. VARNEY, Market 4 lflth, S, F. I
Open Wednesday - Saturday evening.. t .
■♦■©-♦-O-^-O-*- ©♦O-^-O ♦ |
I mnsm
♦ 1 Natural Mineral Water ♦ j
+ ____ known for centuries and ♦
O iig&m- imported q
° <"nS__V ONLY IN BOTTLES. J
o isl_ll__f_ or disordered Stomach ♦
* B_g__mB_\ - n< * Indigestion .
2 Its ralu * has been t.sti- o
n T_S»?K£B" f' sd to by thousands. i
° VICHY So - led Vichy in Sy. ? '
O »r^^i*il phons *
- _S^H_i Is NOT VICHY ' ?
♦ 'S____ Get the Genuine. °
° __§)_____ Tour physician 6
♦ ffwusfirsltt wl " recommend It. t
♦ «^___^ A - VIGNIER, Dietribati.g Agent J
•♦_-♦-© ■*-0-*O-*-O*-0-*-O-*-o'*- ■
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
__________HH- i WH&
-___i^__l_B_^^^^^^^^^
QBl_}— ' l>t-nitfrs in Firearms)
KfeS*^*^ "*^ l-'isliiiiß Tackle, and
teP*^ Sporting Goods of Every Des. j
cription. Hlehc-it Cash Prices
raid, for Raw Furs.
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue.
_f~\. I)r.Gibbon ? s Dispensary,
iflrt_»Jn_^2sK_AK_CYST. fJstabllsbed
Hri «_va ,n ** 5 * or the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«25k_EAR_€YST. Established
lv 1854 for the treatment of Private !
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
w3p_ESsfS_fe disease Wearing on bodyand mindand '
k!w?yfvl*§lM Skin Diseases. ITaedocioroures whan I
____flJ4_ssd_3 others fall. Try him. Charges low ;
WffJMTrSrlgi. <'ure»i_nnrnnt?<>d. Callorwrita
a>r. J. JF. WIBBONi Box 1957. Franclsca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. I p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at ;
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and j
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for i
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day {
ot sailing.
. NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May i
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1 j
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce. '
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLT.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COQAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COQAN. 44 East st.
■_■_■■£■_■ S. B. Mariposa
„<¥ „§_a_C Falls via Honolulu
•X*™" - * and Auckland for
M — Sydney Wednesday,
fSi/^L" > April 1!>, at 10 p. m.
The S. 8. Australia !
GJlCdlllJlllty 11 ' Falls for Honolulu '
(_fnp3fzth Wednesday, May 3, at
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, j
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India. Suez, I
Jingland, etc.: $610 flrst-class.
>. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montqomer. |
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St. I
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON-HAMBURG. i
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS-HAMBURG. j
•BFGIINNIaG APRIL 29th the Stcr. m-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg*
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG _ CO., Gen. Acta. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome,. and
118 Montgomery at., San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE GENEBALE TBANSATLANTIQOE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, JfriT
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. -<Si_Ll_. |
from Pier 42. North River, foot of — »*—»• ■ i
Morton St. LA BRETAGNE. April 15; LA
TOURAINE. April 22; LA (iASCOONE, April
29; LA NORMANDIE. May 6; LA CHAM- j
PAGNE, May 13. First-clays to Havre, .65 I
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round !
j ■ trip. Second-class to Havre. $45, 10 per cent i
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3
Bowling Green, New York. .7. F. FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
' San Francisco.- ,- V
HOLLAND4MERICA LINE.
NEW YORK ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
. logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
j (830 C). STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin. $50 ;
! upward; Second Cabin, $37.
• Saloon. steamers. MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM,
etc., $37. •
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
I THOS. COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger
j Agents, 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tft^ Steamers leave Broadway
I Kgis,,^ wharf, San Francisco:
F«SS __5_V For Alaskan porta, 10 a. m.,
| Sgr«^i««^sv Apr. 1, 6. 11, IC. 21, 26, May 1;
1 B-ff- _-__-_r_-_ change at Seattle.
' HvH M_l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i _H__fc_Ef_. c) - Port Townsend, Seattle,
1 r^*lßsoi&M Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
~» 10 a. m., Apr. 1, C, li. 16. 21,
25. May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Apr. 4.
9. 14, 19, 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. ■
For Santa Cm*. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayueos. Port Harford fSan'Luls Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (LoS Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. 28.
SO, May 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8, 12. 18, 20. 24. 28. May _. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jons del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. , -.__! ; . -.'.
Fcr further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanc*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and h,->iirs of enlllng. -, -
TICKET OFFICE—4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.: Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS to
PORT .L..A. IST ID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA PC SI 2 First Cass Including Borthi
iMflt S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24: April i, 11, 23.
State of California sails March 19. 29; April
8, 18. 18.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts,
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
rough tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
.'.- 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS _ CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORI., SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12 ' St. Louis May 3
Parle April 19 Paris ...May 10
New York April 28 1 St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark Ajprll 12 (Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19 Frlesland May 10
; Kensington April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LINE. .
Seattle. St. MUhael. Dawson City.
i For full Information regarding freight and pas-
:,,-• sage apply to
1 INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
BAY AND BIVEIi ST_____EBS.
STOCKTON PXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J.
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a, ni.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted.) Regular steamers
IfftVS Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main or,.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
...,. Steamer "Monticello."
Will be laid off the route for general repairs
for about 10 days, commencing Monday night,
April 10. 15...
BAILBOAi> TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN KY.C9.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry. Poot o* Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK PAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
I S:SO, 5:10, *:80 p. m. Thursdays— trip
' at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:&)
| and 11:30 p. in.
: BI'NDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, 2:.0,
I 5!0o, 6:20 p. in.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
, WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 8:35 p. m.
PUNDAYB— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 _ m.
Between San Franolsco and Sehuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrlvo
Ban Franoisoo. In Effect San Francisco.
, --, October 16.' ■
Week .Sun- 1898. Sun- i Week
Days. Pays. Destination, days. ! days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
8:30 pml 9:30 ami Petaluma 8:.0 10:35 am
6:10 pm 4:00 pra Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm i ..2 pm
Fulton, •
7:30 am Windsor, 10:35 am
Hsajdsburg,
Lytton,
-eyssrvills,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Hopland and
7:80 am [ Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:80 am 110:25 am
8:00 am Ourneyville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm ! 6:22 pm
7:80 ami 8:00 am Sonoma • 10:40 am 1 8:40 am
•and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Qlen Ellen. 6:10 pm; 6:22 pm
! 7:80 am! .:00 am Eebastopol. .0:40 am, 10:23 am
j 3:80 pm| 6:00 prrj 7:35 pml 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marl; West
Eprlr.gs, nt Lytton for Lytton Springs; s< (Joy-
| sen-llle for Skaggs Sprint,"-; at Cloverdale for
. the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
i Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
; Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport anil Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Sftrato;^
Bprlngs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Doll Lake. Witter
1 Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. • Riverside. Llerley's, Butknoli'..
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllls, tloonevllte, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brag?,
Wnetport. tjsal WllllttF. Lay: ..;:■■, Cum-
tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scctta and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at' half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid,-. '
H. „C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Fass Agent, I
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
Try the
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid In -cent Mexican dollars.
Buy your ticket over the-'.',;;
MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
For rates and further information address
C. K. MINER,
G. W. P. Agent. R. 209. Houscr bldg., St.
Louis, Mo. _"' . : .: :i.
W. D. MURDOCK,
A. G. P. A., City of Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bept. 11. 1S98: . '_
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Bundayß— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. ra.. 1:15 p. ra.
Round trip from Mill Valley. Jl. CU MarW
THOS OfciOK * SON. Agents. «_ Marks!
_U««__. Saa Fra&clsoo. - ,
AUCTION SMS.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO,
ISTo. 39 a-E_r_K.Y ST.,
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Creditors.
COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12. 1599.
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until all are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE!
GOODS. OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRON2E3, EBONY GOODS.
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS. SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS, ROBES, JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS,
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
172 DOZEN
NEW OAK CHAIRS and ROCKERS
SOLD IN LOTS TO SUIT.
: THIS DAY (THURSDAY), AT 11 A. M.
HASLET WAREHOUSE,
FOLSOM- ST.. NEAR BEALE.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 667 Market.
BAILED AD TAAVjiL.
sut'iui;t-..\ i--ii»K ioariJi.
(PAOiriC HYSTKM.)
Train* Irnvr nn<l »r<< <ln«< to arrive at
SAN llClNd.vril.
" (Main Line, Foot of Market-Street.)
leave — From April 9. 18.9. — ARRtva
*C:»Oa Niles. Ssn Jose and Way Stations... *S:4s\
7:00 a. Benicia, Suisun snd Sacramento. . . 3:45p
":OOa Marj-ville, Oryviil. and Itctidiug via
Woodland »:45r
7:00 a Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey 8.-_,s_>
7:U«»a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga. aud .Santa Kosa 6:lftp
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Mast.. 8:15r
M:HOa San .lose. Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacraiiieiito. Placerviile,
Marysville, Cliico, Red Muff 4ilsp
8:!tOA "Milton, Oakdale aud .-.oaora 4:13p
9:00 a. Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:13p
SiOOa Fresno, Hakerslield, Santa liarliara,
Los Angeles, Deraiug, El Paso,
New Orleans and East ' 6:45 p
1 0:00 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:40p
12:OOm Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
, mento, Mendota, Hanford, \f_aUa, .
Porterville 4:1
*I:OOp Sacramento Klver Steamers '8:00 p
4:o«>f Martinez, San Ramon, Vallujo,
Napa, Uallatoga, .Sunt* Itosa i 0:15*
4:00p Benicia. Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville , 10:45 a
4:: tOp Nile?. San Joseand Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Yoaemitc Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15p
s:oopThe Owl. Fresno, Bak.rsfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:45 a
«[S:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paao,
Fort Worth, Little Rook, St.
Louis, Chicago and East tB:!SA
3:S»p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 13:13p
5:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mnjave aud .< >s Angelea 8:45 a
3:80p Santa l-'e Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojare and East 0:43 p
fl:OOr Rttropeau Mail, Ogilmi and East 9:4 5 a
6:OOp Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a
•0:00 f Vallej.i 18:15p
7iOOp Oregon Kxpreas, Sacramento, MarjH- -.---.':
»_U«, Redding, Portland, Pngot
Sound and East 7:45 A
18: OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t • 0:50p
flO:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
' and East tl:«sp
SAX LF.AMJKO AM) HAY WARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"1 JlelrOKe. Setniitßiy Park, ( 6:*s\
8:00 a Filclil.urt., F.lmliurHt. (19:15 a
iU:OOA San Lesitilro, Soiitli Nan t*tf:4sA
lO.OOa Leandro. Mluiliilo, 10:43 a
iIl:0O. • Lorenzo, Cherry \ i\ «:-5a
t'»:«Op a ,,rt 12:15p
!_=«„«• llajuarils. |* : **'
' :ovp i Runs through to Nlles. -l-l'll
) t From Nlles. L '•*"*
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «ange).
•_■ (Foot of Market Street.)
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa '
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:o3p
8:15 a Newark.Ccnterville, San Joae. Kelt on,
Boulder Creek.SantaOruz and Way
Stations sisop
•2sl3p Newark. Centsrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 0:30 a
4:lspSan Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
.4:15p Felton, Santa Cmz and Way Sta-
tions /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
T r»_ SAN FEIKCISCO— Foot of Ssrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 J3:08
•1:00 }B:00 '6:OJr.M.
■ fromOAJLAND— r«t«rßr«dwsy.— "6:oo 8:00 I0:00a.M.
tl2:00 »1:00 12:00 «3:00 tt:00 *S:oop.m.
COAST DIVISION' (Broad Wauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•6:1 Oa South San Francisco # «:30p
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l::iOp
|7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations JS:SSp
9:00 a San .lone. Tres Pinos. .Santa Cruz,
Parllic Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo. Guadaiupe. Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4:10p
IO:*Oa San Jose and Way Stations «*:<>Oa
lIiSOa Ban Jose and Way Stations S:3op
*2:43r Sari Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove 'KhMt
•St 30 San Jose aud Way Stations •»:<•»*
•4:15p San Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:45 a.
•5:00? San Jose and Principal Way Stations C:3oa
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "HrltSA
«::tOp San Joseand Way Stations 7:30p
j11145p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Mori I* for Afternoon.
•Sunday" excepted ♦ Sunday only i Saturdays only.
■[Mondays only. tSaturday and Sunday.
J Sunday .and Monday.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday. Saturday
and — Arriving In New
Yorkat 1:30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAI FRASCISCO TICKET" OFFICE — \l\ MARKET SI
'.••'.-'. -.y '■■ TELEPHONE: MAIN 1531.-
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento 02530—201 «T Streat,
San Jose OiSca— West Santa Olara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MIL- VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m. »1:45,
3:4.-,. 6:16, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on. Moo-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. i— .
SUNDAYS - •_:«). »10:00. »:i:3O a. m.: *1:_.
8:00. »4:30. (1:15 p. m. -
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS - - _:,. -6:35. 7:45. *y:3O a. m.J
_._O. 2:20. «3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
' and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS — 6:20. •3:00. *10:00. •11:55 a. m._
•1:15. «3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. _.£
' 12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m. —
EXTRA TRIPS ar. Mondays, Wednesday*
! and Saturdays at 7:00 D. m. .- -'■,-'•
BUNDAYS-S:00, 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. 1:20. i:2O.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. m.' Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way.
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Mills and way sta'ft.
i THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAT, JOAQIiiU
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, J. 899. trains will ran as follow sj
' South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. '.■'..- (Mixed. Pas2»-_-
Ker. Sunday Stations. Sunday &_r.
Daily. Exo'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally.
• 1
• 7:10 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:43 pm 0:00 prrj
9:10 ami i:08 pm Merced 12:40 pm ; 4:13 pr_»
10:40 am, 5.c," pm Fresno 6:30 ami 2:42 pro
| 11:38 am, 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
i:J£ pm!l2:3J am Bakersfield 1:00 am 11:00 am
| ' 11:59 am, «:S5 pm Visaiia 6:40 am 1:22 p:.i
; 32:15 pmi 3.53 pm 1 Tulara I 6:50 ami 1:05 pa]
' ? topping at lntermedlat* points as required,
; 'or particulars of ata^rt and other cpnna.-tlon*
i Inquire at frafflc M*___ter'« Office. .21 Market
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FORGET-ME-NOTS
PLACED ON TOE
MOTHER'S COFFIN
Funeral of the Late
Mrs. Yon Schmidt.
CHILDREN'S TOKEN OF LOVE
PATHETIC SCENES ATTEND THE
SERVICES.
Brother and Sister-in-Law of the De
ceased Were Overcome by Grief
and Had to Be Carried
From the Church.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
f!42S .Park street, April 12.
Rosa Alexis and Edwin yon Schmidt, the
eldest of the five children of the late
Captain and Mrs. E. A. yon Schmidt,
each placed a little bunch of forget-me
nots on their mother's coffin to-day and
tearfully bade a last farewell to the little
woman whose pleasure on earth had been
In caring for them.
The funeral services were held this
morning at the Unitarian church. The
scenes and incidents attending the last sad
rites over the earthly remains of the mur
dered woman were pathetic ln the ex
treme. The bereaved relatives present
were Major and Mrs. C. E. Tilden, the
three older children— Rose, Alexis and
Edwin— and Charles Hill and wife of
Denver, Col., brother and sister-in-law of
the deceased. Colonel A. W. yon Schmidt
Is prostrated at his home and could not
be present.
When Mr. Hill walked down the aisle
of the church and caught the first glimpse
of the flower-laden casket containing the
remains of his murdered Bister, he was
completely overcome with grief and
swooned before the bier. Tender hands
assisted him to a chair and friends tried
to persuade him to leave the church until
the trying scenes were over. He insisted,
however, Upon remaining through the ser
vices, lie had to be carried to the casket
to take a last look at his dead sister. His
cries and moaning, as he fell across the
coflin covering his sister's face with kisses
and his tears were agonizing. He had to
be almost torn away from the dead, and
when he turned from the casket ho fell
helpless Into the arms of his friends. His
wife also fainted during the services and
was carried from the church.
The three little children bore up bravely
under their burden of woe. Major Tllde.n
lifted each one up to the coffin, and as
they looked for the last time on their
mother and impressed a final kiss on her
stilled lips they cried as though their
hearts were breaking. Each, as gently
lifted away, divided a little bunch of for
get-me-nots carried, placing half in the
casket with "mamma" and clinging to the
remaining fading little flowers, significant
of that love and reverence which will bo
the guiding inspiration through life.
During the services Mrs. Flelssner-
Lewls and Miss Florence Young sang "So
Fades the Lovely Blooming Flower' and
"Abide With Me." Miss Young rendered
a contralto solo, "O Love Divine," by
Kevin.
The chancel and pulpit were a mass of
rosses, calla lilies, marguerites, palms
and ferns, and the bier was beautified
with roses of bite and pink.
Rev. G. R. Dodson, who conducted the
services, spoke in the following touching
manner of the deceased:
"My friends death gives a new per
spective to a human life. It causes the
unessential elements to drop out of sight
and leaves only the main outlines and
grand features of the character. I am
glad to unit-- with you now in paying a
tribute of respect to the life that was
so suddenly quenched In Sunday's trag
edy. It was the life of a woman, one of
Eve's daughters, a wife and a mbther,
an admirable character, irreproachable
and altogether worthy of the esteem and
love of her neighbors and family. While
it Is not my habit to make personal refer
ence on an occasion of this kind. I feel
it my privilege as a Citizen, now that she
Is gone and her sad story is becoming
known, to do her the justice to say that
Bhe stands cleared of every evil Insinua
tion ever made against her character.
"By those who have known her long
and intimately, and whose word I im
plicitly trust, she is described to me as
having been exceptionally brave and
cheerful in the trying circumstances
which were her earthly lot.
"Buoyant, courageous, unselfish, she
did her best. Though the mother of five
children, she still had some room in her
heart for other little ones who had no
one to love or care for them. Without
neglecting her own household she found
time, with other ladles, to establish In
our city a home for homeless children.
"Now her brief and eventful life Is over.
She has been torn away from her little
rood, ln loving and caring for whom
Ehe found her highest happiness.
"Poor, brave little woman! Even were
you alive now little could we help you,
and now that you are gone you are alto
gether beyond us. I thank God that good
ness dwells In the hearts of men and wo
men, and that other love will do its best
to supply the love of the mother's
heart. : . /
The pallbearers were: C. J. Lancaster,
Alexander Baum, J. W. Burnham and 1..
J. Healy. The remains were cremated
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran
cisco.
The funeral of Captain yon Schmidt will
be held to-morrow afternoon from Pio
neer Hall. interment will be at Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
FIXING OF 6RANDES'
SENTENCE IS DELAYED
ATTORNEYS YET TOO WEARY TO
MOVE.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 12.
William A. Brandes, convicted of the j
murder of his little daughter, was not I
sentenced to-day, and his wife, Etta Bran
ded, also awaiting trial on a murder
charge, was not released on a writ of ha
beas corpus.
Both matters came up before Judge
Hall, but Attorney Sawyer asked for fur
ther time in which to arrange the fabric
upon which he will base his motion for a
new trial in Murderer Brandes' cause.
The attorney stated that "the court un
doubtedly realizes how tired the attorneys \
(were at the conclusion of the protracted :
trial," and he said also that he "did. not
have the heart to go over tho mass of
testimony," because It made him sick to
look at it. There being no objection on |
the part of the District Attorney the mat- '•
ter went over for one week.
The case of Mrs. Etta Brandes likewise
went over for another week. Judge Hall
stated that he, too, had been tired and
had found little or no time to examine I
the testimony adduced at Mrs. Brandes* !
preliminary hearing: The accused mur
deress has now occupied her cell at the
Counts. Jail since last November, yet she j
appeared In court to-day in very cheerful i
spirits
Brandes' attorneys have applied to the
court for payment for the expert wit
nesses employed ln his defense. This ap
plication will perhaps end a contention
that has been going on in the Superior 1
Courts for many years.
There Is a statute which permits the '
payment of expert fees ln criminal cases
upon the signed order of a Judge. In the
trial of Clara Fallmer the matter was >
brought up by ex-Judge Frick. In this
case several experts on insanity were em- !
ployed on either side, those for the prose
cution receiving $50 apiece. Judge Frick ■
handed in bills for the payment of the ex
perts for the defense, but they were de
nied. Judge Ogden holding that the stat
ute required that the Judge should name
the experts If the State should pay for
them.
In the Brandes case the attorneys for
the defence BU_mmonedi.t_i_r.owa_e«P_erta_
-»____.. '_jK___^___£_tt___a_-M-_g*«-IS----WH--l_
and now Attorney Bennett is asking that
the county pay their fees. Judge Hall
stated that he did not wish to establish
a precedent in this matter without con
sulting his brother Judges, and took the
matter under advisement.
MAYOR SNOW ACCEPTS.
Will Open the Carnival of ; Native
Sons and Daughters.
OAKLAND. April 12.— of the feat
ures of the Native Sons' and Daughters'
Carnival will be the big minstrel show
given by the Acme Club. The details of
this feature, which Is scheduled for May
11, have been left to the committee— J.
Cal. Ewlng and Mrs. A. L. Frick. Mayor
Snow has accepted the invitation to make
a brief talk on the opening night, May 6.
It is possible that Mayor Phelan may also
accept. Monday, May 8 will be the occa
sion of a celebration by the G. A. R.
poets. The veterans are now appointing
committees on programme and arrange
i ments. Miss Gertie Surrhyne has an
| nounced her committee as follows: Miss
1 Amanda Hammersly. Miss Ida Kramer
I and Miss Lena Hamersly.
Hundreds of formal invitations to the
opening night have been sent to the
Grand Parlor of both Native Sons and
Daughters, the Merchants' Exchange, the
City Council, Board of Trade, Board of
: Education, Governor and staff and promi
j nent citizens of Alameda County, who
I will all be given badges as souvenirs of
j the occasion.
FARMERS' INSTITUTE.
Many Important Subjects to Be Dis
cussed at Niles.
OAKLAND, April 12.— The annual coun
ty Farmers' Institute will be held at
Ford's Hall in Niles next Saturday. The
following programme has been annonuced:
1 p. m. — Music; address of welcome, chair
man; response, Professor D. T. Fowler; "Or
chard Fertilization," Professor H. E. Jaffa;
discussion. "Wine Grapes." Mr. Grau; dis
cussion by Hon. John _. Beard; music; "Prob
lems of Irrigation." Professor D. T. Fowler;
discussion. "Relations of Canners and Driers
to Fruit Growers." Mrs. F. O. Bunting; dis
cussion, "Experimental Stations." Professor
Charles Howard Shlnn; crop reports.
Evening Session, 7:30 o'clock.— "Prac
tice vs. Theory on the Farm." Professor D. T.
Fowler: discussion, "Prevention of Contagious
Diseases," Dr. Emerson: "Sugar Beet Cul
ture," E. C. Burr Jr.; 'Suggestions for Home
Table," Professor H. E. Jaffa; "Making the
Country Home Attractive," Mrs. Mary Allen;
question box on all subjects; music; "Weath
er Forecasting," Professor McAdle; crop re
; ports. '• '
The committee in charge of arrangements is
H. Tyson. William H. Ford. E. E. Southwick.
Mrs. G. H. Hudson and Mrs. G. E. Chittenden.
■ ♦ ■
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
BERKELEY, April 12.— The University
i Corps of Cadets turned out in full force
this morning In honor of Major Sidney A.
; | Cloman. Major Cloman was commandant
,of the corps last year. At the outbreak
I of the war he obtained leave of absence
1 j from the university and sailed with one
| j of the first expeditions to the Philippines.
He Is now home from the front on sick
leave, but expects to return within a few
i days. The college troops gave him a
• : royal welcome as he appeared on the
. campus at drill hour. It required but a
signal from the two majors and both bat
| I tallons burst into three cheers for their
former officer. Major Cloman made a
. short address, thanking the students for
. j his reception. He spoke briefly of the
California students at Manila, paying a
. tribute to their bravery and efficiency. It
i was his wish, he said, to resume his work
. at Berkeley should the course be open
next summer. At the close of the address
i the two battalions marched to the lower
! campus, where they were formed for reg
• j imental review. Major Cloman received
i the review in company with Professor
. Frank Soule, acting commandant of the
, corps, and several of the college profes
-1 ' core.
The freshman class has completed its
' arrangements for the Bourdon burial. The
i ; date set is Monday evening, April 24. Ac-
I cording to the plans approved by the class
the affair will be made altogether spectac
s ular, without the customary rush between
; : the freshman and sophomore classes.
President S. C. Walker has appointed the
■ ! following on the programme for the
i evening: Pontifex Maximus, Shirley C.
Walker; Sanctatores, M. E. Deutsch, M.
I \ J. Fit-bush; damnator, William A. Powell;
' ■ Jialedictores, J. S. Ross, L. E. Martin,
■ John M. Eshieman; imprecator, Benjamin
1 Reed.
; i The University of California Women's
Glee Club has elected the following ofti
- cers for the term beginning next August:
' , President and manager, Miss Agnes
1 - Frislus; secretary. Miss Katherine Cook;
1 , treasurer, Miss Maude Fraser.
RECKLESS DRIVERS ARRESTED.
Mrs. A. B. Carlock and Policeman
Dennis Coleman Knocked Down
on Market Street.
W. Gillen, a driver for 1,. E. Clausen
Co., 1340 Market street, was arrested yes
terday afternoon by Policeman Ross on
warrants charging him with fast driving
and battery. He was released on his own
recognizance by Judge Conlan.
The complaining witness against him Is
A. B. Oarlock of Siskiyou County, who,
With his wife, is a guest at the Grand Ho
tel. He and his wife were crossing Mar
ket street at Montgomery yesterday
morning, when Gillen came driving along
at a rapid rate. Carlock held up his hand
for him to stop, but he kept on and Mrs.
Carlock was struck and knocked down.
She was carried to the hotel and a physi
cian summoned.
K. NeltO, an expressman, was also ar
rested yesterday afternoon on a charge
of battery by Policeman W. J. Smith. He
was driving across Third and Market
streets and ran into Policeman Dennis
Coleman, who was on duty at the cross
ing, knocking him down, but fortunately
not Injuring him. Policeman Smith hap
pened to be passing on a car at the time
and jumped off, placing Nelto under ar
rest.
Revolutionary Daughters.
A reception will be tendered by the Sons
of the American Revolution to the
Daughters of the American Revolution
at the California Hotel on the evening of
April 19 from 8 o'clock until 11. . Music
and refreshments are on the programme.
As this Is the first reception- tendered by
one of the societies to the other, a large
and fashionable gathering Is expected. A
large reception committee consisting of
twenty-five members has the affair in
preparation and will assist in receiving
the guests. The president of the Califor
nia Society of Sons of the Revolution is
Horace Davis, and among the regents of
the Revolutionary Daughters are Mrs. J.
F. Swift. State regent; Mrs. F. O. Moody,
Mrs. Henry Gibbons, Mrs. Henry Krebs,
Mrs. Henry Wetherbee, Mrs. W. R. Smed
berg, of San Francisco, and Mrs. G. W.
Percy of Oakland.
STRUGGLED TO PREVENT
HER MAMMA'S SUICIDE
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway, April 12.
ff/""\H! mamma, please don't drink that nasty stuff!" cried little Ellen
J I Caswell as she saw her mother taking poison. The childish request
M was not heeded, the suppliant attempted to prevent by force her
mother's suicide, but in vain. The little arms-could not restrain the
will of a woman bent on self-destruction.
Mrs. Warren Caswell of the Homestead, near Hay wards, ended her life
this evening by taking a drink of carbolic acid. There was no one in the
house at the time but her 6-year-old daughter, and although help was sum
moned by the alarmed neighbors it was of no use, for Mrs. Caswell had done
her work too well. -,-•
The little daughter being the only witness was the only one who could
throw any light on the tragedy, and between her sobs she told a pitiful story
to the Deputy Coroner.
"When I saw mamma take the bottle with the red label on I knew she
must not drink it," she said. "Mamma told me never to touch that bottle,
for it would kill me if I drank any of It. I told her not to drink the nasty
stuff, but she did not seem to hear me. Then I ran up to her and tried to
take it out of her hands, hut I could not. I am not strong enough to take
anything from mamma. She just would drink It, and now I have no
mamma." - . :■-..
Mrs. Caswell has been sick for a long time ahd has recently been de
spondent, though her husband had no reason to fear that she would take her
life. When he left home his wife was in her usual mood and gave no hint
of the fearful tragedy she was contemplating. Mrs. Caswell was 33 years of
age and the daughter of Mrs. Van Hoosear of Castro Valley.
THE SAN FBAISrCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
YOUNG WIFE
CONFESSED TO
EVIL-DOING
Promised to Reform if
Given a Chance.
CHILDREN TAKEN AWAY
> - .
SIGNED AN AGREEMENT TO BE
HAVE THREE MONTHS.
The Tempter Came Along and at Once
the Pledge Was Broken Hu
sband Abducts the
Boy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 12.
Mrs. Carrie Reuter could not behave
herself three months even to Insure for
her the custody of her two little children
of whom she is very fond. In court to
day Charles Reuter, who was divorced
from his wife some months ago, ap
peared to answer a charge of abducting
his little boy, 6 years old. Mrs. Reuter
charged that her ex-husband had gone
to the place where she was keeping the
child and taken it away in violation of
the decree of the court.
Reuters attorneys practically ended the
case by producing a little document,
which was an agreement made by Mrs.
Reuter on February 16 of this year, stat
ing that she would behave herself and
leave the red wine alone for three months
If put on probation and allowed to retain
her little one. Mrs. Reuter Is a comely
young woman, 25 years of age, and until
a tempter crossed her path and taught
her the habit of wine drinking she was
as good a young mother as any husband
could desire, according to the testimony.
The agreement produced in court does
not mince words. It opens with a con
fession by Mrs. Reuter that she had been
guilty of conduct which made her an un
fit person to' look after her children, but
she promised to quit bad acquaintances
and reform if given the chance to do so.
Her ex-husband gave her the chance. A
week ago he became possesed of Informa
tion which caused him to tremble for
his children's welfare, so he went to Mr*.
Reuters house, found his children dirty
and in rags, although he had "regularly
paid a stipulated amount for their main
tenance, and found the most undesirable
company ln the house. He took the chil
dren away. This morning he produced
them in court neatly dressed and look
ing very attractive. Evidently Mrs. Reu
ter had not told her attorney of the con
fession and agreement she made last Feb
ruary, for when It was sprung by Reuter
the mother's lawyer asked to see it and
at once requested the court to grant a
continuance. The case Is such that Ren
ter is confident he will be allowed to keep
the boy, although on account of Its ten
i der age the mother may be permitted for
1 a while to keep the baby girl.
HUNTING AND FISHING
ON MARIN COUNTY LANDS
The Supervisors of Marin County will
meet to-day in San Rafael, and among
matters that will claim the attention pf j
the board will be the proposed ordinance j
which, if passed, will prohibit the ship- |
ment of fish and game out of Marin i
County.
According to the State game laws the
Supervisors of the' different counties have
the power to ordain thai fish or game
shall not be shipped out of their county,
but when the Legislature vested that
power with the Supervisors it did not say
that game or fish when ln possession of
any person shall be subject to confisca
tion.
The intention of the Legislature at the
suggestion of the sportsmen of the State
was to stop the destruction of game and
lish by those who hunt and fish for the
markets, and with that object in view it
gave the Supervisors of the different
counties of the State the power to pass
ordinances to prevent the shipment of
game or fish out of their respective coun
ties.
Some of the leading counselors of this
city who were addressed on the subject
said that the Supervisors have the power
to curtail the shipment of game, but that
the confiscation of game or fish in season
by a constable or county officer when it
Is in possession of a sportsman or an an
gler returning from an outing -would be
an act conflicting with the general game
law of the State. The Supervisors of
Marin County can close the shooting sea
son to all sportsmen if they feel so dis
posed, but they cannot make a distinc
tion by placing a prohibitory measure on
sportsmen or anglers who do' not reside
in the county. Such an act would, ac
cording to legal opinion, be decidedly un
constitutional. ■ *..
Doubtless the enemies of the Country
and Tamalpais Sportsmen's clubs are the
instigators of this latest move in matters
that pertain to fish and game, but the
Supervisors of Marin County, if they had
the power to shut off outsiders from en
joying the pleasures of the chase, would,
in the opininon of many residents of the
county, be inflicting a great injustice upon
the hotel proprietors and stable-owners of
the county, many of whom reap rich har
vests from visiting sportsmen and anglers
during the open seasons for fishing and
hunting.
Return of Rosenthal.
The return of the great pianist, Morltz
Rosenthal, to this city for two farewell
matinee recitals at the Grand Opera
house on the afternoons of Tuesday and
Wednesday, April 25 and 26, Is already at
tracting a full quota of attention at the
hands of local music lovers, and from the
present outlook the two recitals will be
attended by audiences calculated to crowd
the immense theater. Those who were
unable to secure seats for the last recitals
given here by Rosenthal will no doubt
be early in line to secure reservations,
and It will no doubt serve them well, as
all those who have already heard the
wizard of the piano will once more at
tend, and as the prices have been cut In
half for the coming engagement all
classes of music lovers will find it pos
sible to enjoy the concerts. Rosenthal's
return here will precede his sailing for the
Antipodes on his tour of the world. In
Australia his tour will include all the
larger cities, and already the managers
ln the land of the kangaroo are said to
vie with one another to secure the pianist.
MURPHY STOPPED
A RUNAWAY HORSE
A runaway occurred on Market street
yesterday afternoon about 2 o'clock, and
for a few minutes It looked as if there
would be urgent need for the ambulance
or Morgue wagon. Had it not been for
the prompt and brave action of Policeman
Murphy serious accident might have re
sulted. The animal, which was a big bay
nag full of ginger and spirit, started to
run from Lotta's fountain and dashed up
the street as far as Grant avenue, de
molishing one buggy that was left stand
ing close to the curb on the south side of
the street, and nearly' killing another
horse that was attached to a light buggy
which was also standing near the curb a
few yards further up the street.
The runaway belonged to M. W. Bode,
who lives at 2201 Fulton street, and was
attached to a light business buggy. When
Bode left the buggy he fastened the horse
with a light rope to a hitching pest In
front of the building." A band of music
passed down Market street, and the ani
mal becoming frightened started on a
mad run up the street. The thoroughfare
was crowded with pedestrians, who flew
in all directions to escape being knocked
down and trampled upon.
Opposite Grant avenue the maddened
animal shied off to the south side of the
street, nearly banging into a passing car.
The rear end of the buggy swerved sud
denly, knocking down a horse that was
standing near the curb and nearly break
ing his leg. The collision stopped the
frightened animal for a moment, but be
fore anybody could reach the spot the
horse started off again and ran a few
yards further on, where he collided with
another animal. Both horses fell -down,
but the force of the collision sent them
both sliding along the cement sidewalk,
scattering women and children in all di
rection. Before Bode's horse could re
gain his footing Policeman Murphy threw
himself upon his neck and pinned him
down to the sidewalk.
RIODE JANEIRO IN PORT.
The Pacific Mail steamer Rio de Janeiro
arrived late last night and anchored in
the stream. She left Hongkong on March
14 and Honolulu on April 5. and carried
with her thirty cabin passengers sixteen
European steerage and 171 Chinese and
Japanese. Everything is reported quiet
at Honolulu, but there Is an unusual ac
tivity ln the stock market. Since ihe an
nexation stocks of all kinds have been
steadily going up and there appears to be
no limit to the prices which will be paid.
The cargo on the Rio is also unusually
heavy. She carries 2800 tons of freight,
among which are 3800 bunches of bananas,
195 bundles of silk, 1700 packages of rice
and 81 bags of mail.
Among the passengers Is W. .F. Rice,
deputed to visit Japan as a special agent
of the Bureau of Immigration and Labor.
In the Divorce Court.
Stella Aldrich was granted a divorce
from Claude B. Aldrich by Judge Heb
bard yesterday on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Emma Esterberg has been
granted a divorce from Gustav Esterberg
on the ground of willful neglect. Suits
for divorce have been filed by Cora L.
Mitchell against William K. Mitchell for
failure to provide, and Joseph Lebade
against Katherine Labade for desertion.
San Francisco Charter.
The charter of San Francisco forms the
subject of a volume which has just been
issued by Edward F. Treadwell, LL.B. of
the San Francisco Bar. An Introduction
on the nature of municipal charters pre
cedes the charter itself, which has been
carefully annotated with a number of
cases cited besides code and constitu
tional citations. ■::■?','.■:. *
MEETING.NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. »
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _^\_
EVENING. April 12. at 7:30 o'clock. TK/C
First degree. By order of the Master. f^F >
FRANKLIN H. DAY', Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M., •
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THlS_#\_.
(THURSDAY) EA'ENING. at 7:30 %3<
o'clock. First degree. Masons are cor- f^F J
dially Invited. By order of the AY. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
SARGENT Lodge No. 3GS, I. O. -^gmto>
O. F.— lnitiation of two canill- _ gy~j*!3£__.
dates; official visit by K. C. **S3sßfeBr
BREUCK, G. M.. Memorial Hall, -"-"^W^
OdJ" Fellows' building, FRIDAY. April 14, 8
p. m. MARK NEUMANN, N. G.
GEO. W. DIXON, Rec. Sec,
EUREKA Lodge No. 9, K. of P.— __~
Grand Chancellor CHAS. L. PATTON *j TO.
will visit this lodge at Pythian Castle 2S_SJ__»
on FRIDAY EVENING. April 14. iQ_3p_
All Knights welcome. CHAS. OMAN, C. C.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v W_T
meets THIS (THURSDAY*) EA'EN- 3L t_tsj
INO. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell
St., at 8 o'clock. A full attendance '■s^^
requested. JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEO. AY. PATERSON. Recorder.
CALEDONIAN CLUB— meeting * _»•
TO-MORROW (FRIDAY) EVEN- A, Ek J_
ING, at Scottish Hall, ill Darkin _K_y_f
-- st. (upper hall). Good programme. '*»*
Members and their friends are cordially in-
vited to attend. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary. '
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
B oard, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
Of June. A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock ln the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board- of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the offlce of said Company,
number 327 Market et. ln the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded . indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). in
United States gold coin, for -the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.l E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d at
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
-city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
offlce of the company. 327 Market st., on and
after Thursday. April 20th. 1899.
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
14th, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young Swedish-American girl desires
situation as nurse, $10 to $15; city or country;
references. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
NEAT young Germun girl desires situation as
nurse or housework; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations — Several flrst-class
cooks, chambermaids, waitresses, laundresses,
etc. Ladles can secure flrst-class help of all
nationalities by calling on or addressing
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian laundress desires
situation: best local references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. Telephone
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
good references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
YOUNG German-Swiss girl desires place as
waitress or chambermaid ln hotel. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st, Main 6332.
YOUNG German girl wishes light second work
and sister to take care of child. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell st.
COLORED woman, young and strong, flrst-
class cook and houseworker; also good laun-
dress. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl, good cook; 2 years' reference;
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
3 COOKS. $25; chambermaid, $20; waitress, $20;
2 nursegirls, $12 and $15, and others. MRS.
HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
AMERICAN cook, best of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
SMART capable German cook wishes a situa-
tion in a private family. 257 Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth ,
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continned.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a situation; under-
stands German cooking thoroughly, or would
do general housework in small family; wages
$25. "22611 Geary st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
general housework and cooking in small
American family; reference. 1447 Ellis st.
no postals answered. vj ■
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
or week; good laundress; makes herself gen-
erally useful; best references given. Call 120
Wildey st., near Steiner. bet. Bush and Pine.
RELIABLE educated' woman wants position
as useful companion, care Invalid, sew, first-
class nursery governess; speaks French.
Box 995, Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires situation to mind
children and assist with housework; wages
$15 to $20. Address 967 Mission st., or call
afternoon. •
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do general housework; city or country. Call
for 2 days at 759 Mission st. •
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements. 1 Vasserot place, off Geary,
near Larkin. vc .
STENOGRAPHER wishes position; principal
object ■ experience: no objection to country.
Address box 986, Call. ___■
COMPETENT* middle-aged girl .jvants to do
general housework In small family; city or
'country- 11% Welsh St., rear.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do house-
work and assist in cooking; can wait on
table. Apply 96 Cumberland St., cor. Dolores.
LADY of means wishes position as working
housekeeper; country preferred. EMPLOY-
MENT, box 1000. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants a few more places to
wash or any kind of work by the day. Call
or address 78V4 Clementina St., basement.
GERMAN woman wishes place to do cham-
berwork in city hotel or lodging house; good
. reference. 109 Jessie st.
LADY Just from East would like work as
chambermaid or working housekeeper. Call
for 3 days at 821 Mission st., room 1.
WOMAN would like to work by the day or
week to take care of children evenings. Ap-
ply 214 Linden avenue, off Franklin st.
WANTED— A situation by a reliable woman
In a private family; a good cook and will
do light housework: moderate wages; no pos-
tal cards answered. Call at 3886 Twenty-
third st., near Sanchez.
REFINED American lady would like position
as' companion to invalid lady or grown child-
ren; no objections to traveling; best of ref-
erences. Box 973, Call offlce.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes situa-
tion for housework; city or country"; good
plain cook; moderate wages and good home.
1065 Market St., opposite Jones. .v • . '■
SWEDISH woman wants washing. Ironing or
housecleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St.. off Shotwell. .:-'•. j .;
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
as housekeeper or cook; city or country. Ad-
dress E.. box 58, Cotatl, Cal.
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day; $1 and car fare. 132 Sixth st.
A NICE cook to do general housework ln small
family. 415 Stockton st.
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
work. Address International Hotel, room 31.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position
as stenographer and typewriter; speaks
French: ■ good penman; references. ■ Box
948. Call.
WOMAN wants plain washing to do home; also
lace curtains; or one or more children to care
for; terms reasonable. Address 311 Austin
aye., city.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to 46
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from f^rry: elevator.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 51.
JAPANESE emplymt offlce; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.: tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414 „ O'FarTell st.; tel. East 426.
AN elderly man of education and business ex-
perience, speaks several languages, acquaint-
ed ln California, having a limited annual in-
come, wishes 'a situation of minor import-
ance at small salary or on commission; coun-
try preferred; good references. Address C,
bos 408, Call office. Oakland.
BEING a stranger In the city and a flrst-class
Icecream maker, having worked In the East
for flrst-class firms, I am In quest of a Job,
and am willing to work for small amount.
Direct R. M. DAYTON, Helping Hand, C 43
Commercial st.
BRIGHT young business man desires position
as clerk, salesman, bookkeeper, secretary,
cashier, manager, correspondent (.English,
French, German); moderate salary. J. S. ,
6_3'4 Stockton st.
POSITION of any kind wanted by respectable
man 32 years old; German, French; several
years' experience in hotel and restaurant
business. Box 9_B. Call office.
MAN and wife, flrst-olass cook and laundress;
man useful ln or out door work; hotel or
private country place preferred. W. S..
11 _.')'-_ Mission st.
YOUNG German desires position as collector
or some light delivery wagon work; has i
years' experience and is well acquainted all
over the city; good references. Box 994. Call.
WANTED, by a steady young man, work of
any kind, or would like to work in machine
shop or wholesale house; has good references.
Box 993. Call.
SPRINGS — Young man, flrst-class barber, de-
sires position; can tend bar. Address box
985, Call office.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position in
private family; city or country- Address 2102
Larkln st. -"■•'-" ■'"•_
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily; can milk, care for horses and garden;
references. Box 998, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook of 20
years' experience wishes position ln hotel or
restaurant. Box 1147, Call offlce.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses ln private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925, Call office.
DISCHARGED soldier from Manila wants work
at anything. Address Manila, box 992, CaU.
COACHMAN and groom wants situation; un-
derstands gardening; thorough with horses,
carriages, etc.; single; middle-aged; best ref-
erences. Address Box 969 Call, offlce.
SITUATION wanted by book-keeper . and
thorough experienced offlce man; highest cre-
dentials; salary moderate at start. Box 971,
Call office.
BUTLER (Japanese) having, good references,
desires position in family; kept 2 years last
place. Box 979, Call offlce. '
COOK, 15 years' experience,,. German, French,
American, Al reference, would like position
soon. Address Chef, box 983, Call office.
WANTED— reliable and steady young man,
a position as night watchman; best of refer-
ences; 3 years last place. Box 982, Call offlce.
JAPANESE man wants position; who wants a
strong and good houseworker or washing? If
any, try me. Address Box 970, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cheese maker wishes situation
in a large dairy. C. 8.,, 431 Pine st., city.
ELECTRIC light and power operator and en-
gineer (late of the Union Light and Power
Company, Ogden, Utah), Is open for an en-
gagement. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 1757
Howard st.
WANTED— Position as cook:' wife to man-
age mining company boarding house or to
run same on other proposition; references.
Box 964, Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation as waiter; ex-
perienced; city preferred or would go ln coun-
try. Call or address J. H. 8., 700 Franklin
st., Oakland.
JAPANESE couple want situations; city or
country; wages cheap. -Address "AKI," 2413
Webster avenue, Alameda.
JAPANESE boy wants housework and plain
cooking (understands English) In city. S.
HIGASHI. 703 Larkln st.
COOK wants a place to cook In a saloon or
lunch counter or short order; cook ln a cof-
fee and chop house or oyster opener ln mar-
ket. 514 Central aye., near Hayes st. H. F.
ENGINEER with license and 25 years' prac-
tice, understands Corliss, compound and con-
denser engines and dynamos, locomotives and
traction engines, wishes a situation; city or
country. Box 868, Call.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good ref-
erences. Box 922, Call office. .
HELP AY ANTED— FEMALE. .
WAITRESS for a railroad hotel, Nevada. $20,
fare paid. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
SEAMSTRESS, $18; waitress and parlor maid,
$25; cook, no wash, $30; nurse, children. $20;
laundress and chambermaid. $25, and a large
number of girls for cooking and housework
In city and country. J. F. CROSETT _ CO
316 Butter st.
SECOND girl, small American family. $20, see
lady here at 10 to-day. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. .
COOK, 3 In family, across the bay. American
. family, $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. .
WAITRESS, resort, $20; chambermaid and
waitress, country hotel, $20; waitress, coun-
, try hotel, $20; chambermaid, wait 1 meal
$20; cook for 7 men, $20, and others. J f'
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— $20. Call in the morning be-
, , twees 10 and U only. 2111 Pine M.'  ■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A COOK and laundress: American family; $30 1
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutte__st__
A COOK and second girl; same house; $25 and -
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. p
A PROTESTANT girl, assist housework, $20, -
Pacific Grove, see lady here, good Place,
Alameda, 2 in family, $20; Martinez, $-0, a _
cook. Redwood City, $30: 15 housework -
girls, $25 and $20; 6 young girls to assist. $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . .
A WOMAN cook, $50 per month; a tailoress. $1
per day and found; a German cook. 3 in .
family, $30. no wash: 2 Irish cooks, $30 and 4
$25; 2 second girls $25 to $20 per month: 2
nurses, $25 and $2iT per month. Ml&fa «--^>- -
LEN, 325 Sutter st. '
A REFINED woman as companion and light
housework; $15: country; no wash. MlbS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
A GERMAN waitress and seamstress; $25 per 1
month. . MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl to assist and answer .
telephone in an institution. $10 per month; a 1
second girl and sleep home, $15 per month;
2 waitresses, same hotel, city, $20 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st" j
A CATHOLIC girl, housework, 2 In' family,
$20; a waitress. Sausalito, $20; San Jose, $20; *
Lathrop, $20; chambermaid and waitress. $20,
Alameda; 6 chambermaids and waitresses, >
$20 and $15 per month, city and country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _• (
A REFINED German nurse: 1 child, 6 years ,
old; $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child; $18 per month. MISS "-
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AN Irish cook; Jewish family; $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. <
NEAT woman as working housekeeper; $10 per _
month; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, Oakland, $20; 2 in family, ;
Berkeley, $20; Alameda, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT -
Head waitress, $25, and side waitress. $20, for I
flrst-class commercial country hotel, fare
here; 5 waitresses, resorts, springs, etc.; 4 ;
waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 6
waitresses, city. $20; 3 chambermaids to wait,
city, $20; chambermaid, to wait springs. $20,
small fare; 2 waitresses and chambermaid ]
to wait for city hotel, $20 each, see party .
here 10 a. m. ; waitress for Carson City, Nev.,
$20, fare paid
FAMILY' ORDERS -
German cook, 2 in family, $30; nurseglrl, one '.
baby, $25; and 30 girls for cooking and gen-
eral housework. $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN ;
& CO., 104 Geary st. ■
COOK. $30; second girl. $20: nurseglrl. $15; ;
Swedish housekeeper, $20; middle-aged Ger- '
man woman to assist in housework, $20; Ger-
man woman to assist in boarding house, no
cooking, $20; and a number of housegirls,
city and country, $20 and $25. MRS. NOR- .
TON, 313 Sutter st.
3 GERMAN cooks; German nursery governess,
and some house German second girl; .
4 housework girls, $20, $25. MRS. LAMBERT, I J
418 Powell st.
A LADY, thoroughly exeperienced in artistic '
hair-dressing, facial massage and manicur-
ing, to take charge .department in flrst-class -
establishment in Seattle. Address room 70, '
319 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady for retoucning and otherwise ac- '
qualnted with photograph work. Call at 533
Kearny st., room 15, third floor.
'YOUNG girl for light housework; wait on in-
valid; sleep home: good reader; $10. Call,
after 9 a. m., 710 Leavenworth st.
GIRL for light housework; must understand
plain cooking; good home ln country. 1338
Bush st.
4 LADY canvassers; $10 to $15 per week.
Lower floor, 631 Golden Gate aye.
COMPETENT 'girI wanted for downstairs work
and cooking. 1269 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS hand for dressmaking; no oth-
er need apply. 1338 Bush st.
GOOD trimmers; must be experienced; sales-
lady, steady position. 130 Sixth st
RELIABLE girl, general housework; good plain
cook, $12. 2510 Pine st.
BRIGHT girl to learn dressmaking. 609 Tay-
lor st.
VEST operator: foot power; call early. 14
Grant aye., room 65.
YOUNG girl to assist llcht housework; good
home; $6. 3143% Sixteenth st., near Guerrero.
BOOKKEEPER to write up a set of books;
good penmanship necessary. Box 991, Call.
YOUNG German girl for light housework; call
after 9 o'clock. 223 Fourteenth st
WANTED A girl to assist in store and house.
410 Third st.
WANTED— bright young woman to assist at
a light business. Box 999. Call offlce.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
sleep home. 2009 Fillmore st.
GIRL 16 years of age to help In kitchen. Call
1326 Polk st. ,
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work. Call
512 Devisadero st. *''
MILLINER wanted at the Artistic, 1422 Stock-
ton st.
25 YOUNG girls for housework: 20 girls to as-
sist; also Borne first-class ranch cooks. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter St., phone Main 804.
EXPERIENCED hands for fancy neckwear to
work in factory. 523 Market st., room 8.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted; also a man-
icurist 240 Stockton St., near Post.
FINISHER on coats. M. E. KENT. 121 Poet
st. third floor.
GOOD quick hand on vests; also an appren-
tice. 52S Stevenson st.
OPERATOR on pants; also finishers. S. N.
WOOD & CO., Powell and Eddy sts.
GOOD buttonhole finisher on custom coats;
first-class pay. 927 Market St., room 623.
WANTED— reliable girl for general j
housework; references. Apply 1646 Fell st,
between 9 and 12.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEAI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Harness maker for large ranch
Blacksmith's helper, same ranch
Ranch carpenter $26 and found
Blacksmith's helper, country shop, $32 50
Cabinet maker, city
6 farmers, large vineyard company, $20 and
found; 8 milkers, $25 and $22 50 and found;
5 laborers, near city
10 farm hands.... .• $20 and found
woodchoppers for large lumber company, 75c
cord for 4-foot redwood; tlemakers, .6xBxB, Uc
each; milker and wife, dairy ranch; farmer
and wife, stock ranch, $35 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 MILKERS for Oregon, $25, fare paid, see
boss here. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
BAKERS... Laundry help Porters
Porter and runner, country' hotel; second
baker, city, $25 and found; shirt polisher,
$50; 8 dishwashers, different places, $15
and $20; bed maker, $20; cook for an orchard
company, $25 and found; hotel and boarding
house cooks. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
. 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Want for the coast road free fare
2 carpenters 1 railroad blacksmith
A gang of teamsters
teamster and laborers for Valley and moun-
tain railroad : carpenter, house work, $2 50 a
day: blacksmith's helper for a ranch, $25 and
found; 4 milkers, $25; farmer, fare advanced,
$20 and found; 3 farmers, $20; 2 milkers, city,
$15, and others -.
A gang of laborers for rockwork, $1 60 a day,
board $3 50 a week...'. :. company work
5 laborers for a quarry, $175 a day; team-
sters, city, $1 75 a day; woodchoppers, 90c.
$1 10, $1 30 and $1 50 a cord, Sacramento and
Mariposa counties
Second cook, hotel. $60; broiler, hotel, $45; 3
second cooks, country hotels, $35: second
cook, mine boarding house, $35; cook's helper
for a mine, $25; second cook, restaurant, $10
a week; broiler, restaurant, $10 a week;
dishwasher, $25
waffleman and assistant cook, country hotel,
free fare; bell boy, experience and reference,
$15. free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
NEAT young head waiter of good appearance !
for a springs, $40. C. R./HANSEN & CO., I
104 Geary st.
3 COLORED waiters, hotel, north, fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED
10 laborers for mill company, short distance
in country, $20 and board; 5 laborers for rail-
road, $20 and board
Scandinavian farmer $25
man to milk 10 cows and chore about ranch.
$25; shingle sawyer $40 and board
milker ■ $30
farmers for vineyards, orchards, etc., $20;
woodchoppers and tiemakers. AA'. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook nnd wife for spring-. $50;
porter, springs, $20; night waiter, $9 a week;
second baker, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— for country. $25; 3 gravel
miners. $2 50 day; quartz miners, $2 day and
board: 3 blacksmiths. $50, $52 and $54: 6 farm-
ers, $20; choremen, $20; 10 laborers. $1 73 day,
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
AY ANTED— Gardener, private place, $30; second
cook, $40; second cook. $35: kitchen hand, $20;
dishwasher. $2.'.: -waiter, plain hotel, $25;
washer for laundry, country, $30; laundry-
man, near city, $30; gardener for nursery, $25,
etc. ANDRE'S, i!6, Stockton si. _.
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
RAILROAD laborers for mill company. $20
arid hoard- 7 farmers. 3 milkers, cooks, walt-
ers and others. WARD & CO.. 608-610 Clay st.
pr>\CHMAN. $30 per month, see gentleman
C h_ercountry. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITER $25 per month, hotel, city. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. '
MAN cook, $50 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ; __
AN old man to do chores, $15 per month and
round; "ountrV. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
4 WAITERS, same country hotel, $25, cheap
fare. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
TAILORS wanted-I want 2 tailors. 1 bushel-
man, 1 eoatmaker; sober steady men can find
lots of work and make good wages; eoatmaker
to work by Piece and bushelman by week.
AVrite for particulars to box 294. Colusa, Cal.
AA'ANTED— Companionable woman for very
light housework and sewing; one In family.
2950 Twenty-fourth st. - m
EXPERIENCED operators on waists In fac-
tory and wrappers at home. NEA\isAb_U
BROS., 18 First st. ; .
BARBER for country: Italian preferred; wages
$14. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job; country.
Apply S7l Market st.
COATMAKERS wanted at 1110 Market st.
WANTED— sensible man in Al business:
small capital required. 917 Market, room -
PANTS maker wanted. Call early at 635
Kearny st. __________————
GOOD dishwasher. 106 Second st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 758
' Howard st, near Fourth.
YOUNG man for bakery; must have some ex-
perience. 515 Third st. '
WANTED— waiter and dishwasher; call
early. 1024 Haight st. <
SHOEMAKER on flrst-class repairing; steady
work; come early. 2140 Fillmore st.
WANTED— A polisher for plating works. In-
quire 820 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. _^
BOAT builders. 718 Third st.
YOUNG men to go to sea, good wages, . at
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MAN, country resort: also young man and
wife. 325 Montgomery St., rm. 4. 10:30 a. m.
ANTED— lnvalid blacksmith as a helper la
a small shop. 1114 ■ Harrison Bt.
SOBER man for saloon; $10 per week, board
and room; must loan $250 to proprietor; good
security; no experience. Address or call at
1940 Market st. p
TO go this week— 2oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from sue to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
HARNESS-MAKERS wanted. MAIN & WIN-
CHESTER, 214 Battery st
WANTED— First-class polisher at Sun Laun-
dry, 19th st. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
150 MEN to take best single room. 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d st., and "Oak-
land House," 664 1 - Howard St.; reading-room.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declare- their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
Inches and 6 feet In height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting Offlce, 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cad.
WANTED— young man having had
one year or more experience. Call or address
M. BERNSTEIN, Tlburon, Cal.
TWO first-class shoemakers on ladles' and
gentlemen's work. E. POWELL, 107 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced skirt bands to work
in factory. Apply 623 Market, room 8.
CUSTOM tailor and lady apprentices on fine
coats. 533 Natoma st.
AVANTED— Architectural draughtsman com-
petent to do detailing. D. F. OLLIVER,
Macdonough building, Oakland. -.■.;--.- ■■■
WANTED— for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska, W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $J per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 36 Steuart st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market St. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW. Secretary. ____*
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor. BOWHAY, 619
Sutter st. ..-■-- -•"• r
AVINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 13S_ Eighth st. -•- .-■>;
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S flne calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863_ Market st.
ANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
— — -------^ ----------- W. -—- -_» _____ _______»
" AGENTS WANTED.
MEN or women to canvass homes with well
advertised special shoes for women's comfort;
great sellers; quick returns. "UNA," 7 Tem-
ple place, Boston, Mass. * -4
AVANTED — to take charge of my water
bike this summer; small security. THOMSON,
apply New Atlantic Hotel, Montgomery and
Pacific ste.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out; safnple postpaid, 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
AGENTS, ladles or gents, can make from $3
to $6 a day. Apply at Call office.
— —^— -__-_-_---—- _— -—j--— -— — - --————— »
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — For four months: furnished flat or
cottage of three or four rooms; rent reason-
able. Address 508 California st.. room 42.
ROOMS AND _______] WANTED.
FURNISHED room for single gent, near Rus-
sian Hill; view of the bay. Address BEE,
539 Clay st
ROOM and board for couple in private family;
Western Addition; no others need apply; ref-
erences. Box 947. Call. -
FURNITURE WANTED.
J?~C. MUTHER, 632 Market St., pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
— - m '
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— BIock books; Rlchmand and Horn-,
er's Addition: Sunset Heights: and home-
steads; give prices and particulars. Box 980,
Call office.
TO exchange— camera for mandolin or
guitar. AA'. MOSELEY', care SERGEANT
HUGHES, Casual Detachment, Presidio.
WANTED— A second-hand hair picker. Apply
to C. MELSKOA'. 1115 Howard St.. nr. 7th.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
A NEW tent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannct be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
MERRILL-MILLER college: shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new typewriters- book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6 . Parrott bldg.
AA* RES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; "low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
lng, mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO lessons given, 25c half hour, 50c hour,
at pupil's or teacher's home. Address MISS
F. E. P., 1 Chambers place.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof L.
_ Merkl, violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. ProF De Fiiippe's
A Academy o_ Languages, 320 Post j ablest »r»:«,BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 14000; MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last « years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar. etc.:
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at once: a genuine bar-
gain. Call It. G." WILKE, rm. J, 9.6 Market.
A— s23o; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location In the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. », 906 Market.
A— $1100; SALOON in Western Addition; ele-
gant fixtures; club and ladles' rooms; side en-
trance: doing a first-class paying business;
rent, $23. Call WILKE, 9u6 Market st.
A— s2so; HOME cooklr.g parlor and delicacy
ttore on Larkin st.j worth $400; great sacri-
:'ce. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per nth; a
first-class Investment. R. G. WILKE. room
S. '.'O6 Market st.
A— sl6so; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right fcr the U. S. en
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
fnrmer of fruit grower needs them; small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of It. c
WILKE. 90_ Market st.. room 6.
$15:1— RESTAURANT: good value for JXOOs'must
be sold at once; owner leaving city. JONES
& CO.. 565 Market st.
W ANTED — Partner ln an established business;
good chance for a live man. JONES & oo '
565 Market st.
$125— BRANCH bakery: a nice place; living
cheap rent. JONES & CO.. 5.5 Market.
$150-RESTAURANT: good value for $300; ; must
be sold at once; owner leaving city. JONES
A: CO., $65 Market st.
$500— THOROUGHLY live man wanted aa part-
ner ln first-class legitimate business: no night
work. S. H. GOULD & CO.. t>32 Market st.
PINE house in country, 40 acres highly culti-
vated land; ten acres fruit; house, barn; no
incumbrance; will trade for large rooming
house. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
A— s7C-.i; GOOD practical man wanted as part-
ner in old-established well-paying butcher
business. S. H. GOULD _ CO., 632 Market.
$375-RESTAURANT: a bargain" to-'dav- on'ac-
coutit of sickness. COWING _c CO., 995 Mar-
ket St.
$125— PARTNER wanted; will pay over $75
month to each yearly. COWING .t CO., 995
Market st.
CALL nnd see our list of hotels, saloons, gro-
ceries, a fine-paying bakery, all established;
ranches, country merchandise stores, station-
ery stores, cigar stands for sale and exchange;
parties wishing to make quick sales will call
ut our office. EITEL & y.0., l"15 Market st.
$$00-_ALOON en city front, near Market and
East sts.; large stock; fine fixtures; big tran-
.-ient and regular trade; business improving
daily; 3 rooms: rent $35; look into this. M.
_LESS. 765 Market st.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
in prosperous country town; complete outfit
- for business. McLAUGHLIN A.- CO.. 777 Mkt.
A— slso; PARTNER wanted; established busi-
ness; $12 to SIS a week; trial given. WEST-
"ERN INVESTMENT t.M., S Geary st.
$', r o— LADY or gentleman to take interest In
gilt-edged proposition. Nat. Agency. 7 Grant.
A— TO buy cr sell your business quick for
cash epply to MOON & CO.. 1008.4 Market st.
GOOD business man can secure an interest ln
established paying business; capital required
$2500; salaried position; references and in-
vestigation. Bex 990. Call.
BUSINESS man with $5000 and services to in-
vest may secure secretaryship of established
corporation. Box PS7, Call.
$60")— SALOON in Western Addition; doing good
business: present owner wants to retire. Ad-
dress box 21, i'all office.
WANTED— Gentleman to manage good-paying
business; little capital required. Box 9n9, Call.
SALOON for sale In good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; doing good
I uslness. 621 Sacramento st.
fLD-ESTABLISHED 15c barber shop; 4 nice
living rooms; cheap rent; in good neighbor-
hood. Apply at Call ."nee.
GENERAL merchandise store in lively mining
town; regular monthly customers; a bargain.
Address box 978. Call office.
R< >UTE on this parer for sale. Apply this
office.
DELICACY and grocery. $400; 2 groceries. $600
and $13m. Apply at 133»i Fair Oaks st.
$'.'«"— -PARTNER wanted in pigeon raising;
large profits; investigate. Box 776, Call office.
SO— A flrst-elass manufacturing establishment,
doing a good business: owners wish to retire
on account of other investments. Box 963.
Call.
FOR sale— Oyster and chop house; parties
going back to mines; established 8 years.
Apply Call office.
SALOON and shooting gallery: mike offer; 443
Dupont St.; trial given. Inquire afternoon 19
Sixth st.
SALOON for sale. SO Jackson st., bet. Davis
and Drumm.
OLD-ESTABLISHED stand; 2 horses and large
wagon; must be sold. Inquire at 3.7 Hayes.
$1200; WORTH $2000-"- Saloon and chophouse and
cigar stand; buyer can clear it in 2 months;
full Investigation before buying; owner has
to leave State; no agents wanted. Apply
Call office.
$600— OLD-ESTABLISHED market in Mission;
present owner there 10 years. Box SS9. Call.
$7C">— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
sales $15 to $25 a day: 3 nice living rooms;
a bargain. Box 444, Call office.
FOR 'ale on account of sickness, -florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
rarstus. doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply MM Haight st.
JOHN LEV -Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
_ and good will. 840 Third et._
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W CASWELL ft CO.'S. 415 Sacr.m.ti'o st.
■ — — — ■— — — — i — — ■— — — — — ————_,
LODGING HOUSES FOB SALE.
11 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st .Ts3so
17-room house; large yard; downtown 400
IS rooms; clears $100; only 800
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600
22 rooms; sunny corner : 1200
14-ro house on Van Ness 350
«4-room house; clears $200; payments.... 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
16-room house: clears $100 SOO
15-room house: central; $100 cash 390
St rooms: rent $90; on Mission st 1300
f.4-room house: clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
24-r' house; new furniture 750
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. sth.
A— KREDO &. CO 22<_ Geary st.
Monfly Advanced on All Houses.
64 rooms; best corner Fourth st $2400
38 rooms; Market st. : best In city 1500
24 rooms; Geary St.; near Plaza 800
£0 rooms; best block Eddy st. ; a snap few
10 rooms; O'Farrell st. ; clears $50 300
A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
$2"''-EI.EGANTLY furn. flat: centrally locat-
ed; 2 rms. pay rent. Kredo & Co., 22 -; Geary.
20 ROOMS; rent $60; must sell .. $550
21 rooms; rent $15: new; $600 cash 1200
40 rooms; rent $S4; money maker 800
120 rooms; rent $110: good location - 2300
MANY OTHER GOOD BARGAINS. GET
LIST. .WINSTON & CO., 102. MARKET ST.
- LODGING-HOUSES— I 6 rooms, $250; 35 rooms,
$5%; 2. rooms. $800; 38 rooms, $1500; 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
FURNISHED boarding house; 12 rooms; Ala-
meda Point shipyard. Apply at 71S Third st.,
San Francisco.
k <s3oo— 25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
Prance. 331 V, Bush st.
9-R.OM house; furniture In good order; will
sell reasonable. 276 Minna st.
J'O'i— SXAP; 40-room house; near Market: cen-
. tral: must sell this week. Basile, B7B4 Market.
NEAR Market Bt. : 24 rooms; good furniture:
rooms always full; price 1900. Box E6!). Call.
HORSES.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all'
kinds of business horses for sale. ("HARK &
■ MENDENJIALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market St.
4'- HORSES for sale; also wagons., buggies,
. i-arts. harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth st.; auction snles every Wednesday.
. SI'LT.TVAN- ■'. DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS 'Ml CARRIAGES.
FOR s.-ile-A fine new -wagon, suitable for
wholesale fr business house. To be seen at
3501 Mission st., corner Cortland aye.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons;. 3 bug-
gles; 2 extra fine delivery wag. .2S Harrison.
300 RETS trcor.d-hand harness; wagons, carts.
b_______ surreys nnd _______ 1140 r.-.i«oTn st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning WoVks^cleans?
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
3? and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work I
. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter^tT.
tel. Main 394. GEO. VVALCOM. Proprietor.
I. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
45i Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
O-'fc aye.; tel. East _2C.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rug?, silk portieres; dealer ln
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ALL persons having claims against store 633
Pine st. (formerly A. RIVERA) present same
before April 17. or will not be acted upon by
P. DEMATTEI. Proprietor.
DETECTIVE work In all legitimate branches
carefully attended to by an experienced de-
tective; exceptional references; correspond-
' ence solicited. Call or address Commercial
Detective Agency, 272 Valencia st. >
LEDERER'S Quinonia. a perfect hair dressing;
makes it glossy; cleans the scalp; 35c bot.
Foamo Shampoo. 5c pkg. Q. Lcderer. 123 Stktn.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c. Just received, a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs: offers them
at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN 1. BOONE Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright |
'No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
IN divorce matters will give full information
free; strictly confidential. Box 831, all.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 631
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck love and magic charms: also teaches
fortune telling; fee. $1 and upward.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order, $10 75: we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. -7th and Bth.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
-Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 7 0 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 112S Iter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. ILTE, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
n;gruarntd.Dr.Gordln, sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
<s J4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture. bought,
scld; tcl^Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
' i. !
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test me^ltunT
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St., near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, 50c:
meetings every night, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister st.; come skeptics.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent .slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 102314 MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move influence, bad habits: 'will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
102312 Market street. San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
between Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply is most gratifying: all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. in. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight ; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies. 50c; gents, $1 sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LINEMAR. 34 Sixth st.— Fortunes by
planets; predicted In '74 overdue stmr. Gould.
MISS ALICE FAURE. card reader and palmist.
403 Kearny St.; room 34; Frenca and German
spoken.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets, 2"i Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist end card reader;
past, present and future; 2".c. 153"^ sth, r. 21.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1083 Mission
st., downstairs.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
j reader. 110 A Geary st.. rooms 1 and 2.
j MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
! JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
! YOUR fortune told by cards; 25c up; no sign.
627'j Post St.
MME. MOREAU, the best fortune teller: 250
up; tests free. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
: MME. HAYS returned: card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell St., rooms 6 and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Stat-.-, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
, r
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Oer-
maine. S3SB Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel White 1571: rending by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
st.; 15 years' experience: references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckeis bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth la always the most
expensive; badly decayed, and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC.' .09 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bag., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions. Tree. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. in. to 10 p. m. ; -.unday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
D~R GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful s*cret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth $5; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, _M Market St.. cor. Golden Gate * ye -
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work' lowest prices; ten operators; open
• evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. IS; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, I Mason St.. corner Market.
LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. j
' LOWEST prices In B. F. : painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 960 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth.
$4; filling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c: crowns. 13.
SEWING _-_AC_INBS. ■■
$2 MONTHLY rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. Its Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, retried; re- 1
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
MOUSES TO LET.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY house. 6 rooms; bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye.. between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
2 FRONT rooms. 2 closets; rents $5. 2S2_
Natoma st., near Fourth. __
TWENTIETH, 8650. between Valencia and Mis-
sion— 6 rooms and bath; sunny and excellent
order.
7 ROOMS, $25: 10 rooms, $35; baths, laundries,
gardens, In thorough repair; In Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth st. >
12 ROOMS; line Oakland place; furnished, THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO IJBT.
BEAUTIFUL sunny cor. house, modern, 7 rms.,
- bath: $30. .$99 Noe, near Castro; water free.
BEAUTIFUL furnished 6-room flat to rent; all
conveniences. 6248 Capp 6t.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
• rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, 655 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE and house of 6 rooms, bath and
basement: rent $21. 1910 Eddy st. -
FOLSOM, 2326 Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard rent $20.
NICE sunny cottage, 4 rooms: rent $12 to good
tenant. 445 Fifth St.. near Bryant.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 2 ELEGANT new flats, 7 and S rooms. just
completed; rent reasonable. 977 Post st.
CLAY 572, south of Frederick—
sunny flat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
EDDY, 1307—6 rooms; bath; ail modern Im-
provements; rent $22, water free.
ELEGANT flat, 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 1002 Sacramento St., between
Powell and Mason.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms- $17.
VERY desirable 5-room sunny flat; practically
new; bath, basement, etc.; .-very modern
convenience; corner of Castro and Liberty
sts., near Twentieth.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12. $14 and $15; 5
large rooms, bath, laundry. $22 50; rough
repair: charming It Ion; Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th st.
707 Stockton.; 6 r.'...526 j 1609 Turk; 6 r 17
244 Frederick; 5 r.. 1696 Page; 3 r 15
1640 Post; 5 r - ; i j 607 Hickory aye.; 6 r
542 Fell; 6 r 19! 15
132S Hayes; 6 r IS 628 Fell; 3 r 13
720 Montgomery ave;i 12 Erkson; 5 —11
6 r $15! 625 Linden aye., 6 r 15
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
$7 50—3 sunny upper rooms; 4 closets; yard; cel-
lar. 1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear. -
$13— SUNNY lower flat: 4 rooms, bath and yard.
S twell St.. near Fourteenth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRODERICK, 1924, cor. Sacramento— 3 house-
keeping rooms, unfurnished or partly fur-
nished.
BUCHANAN, 602. cor. Fell— window, man-
tel, kitchen, blue flame or gas. $12.
. .
CLARA. 166, near Fifth— rooms; $9.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms, private residence; no children.
ELLIS, 1588, near Webster— A rare chance; 4
sunny upper rms. and bath in private family.
ELLIS, 1620. near Fillmore— Upper floor, 4 new-
ly furnished rooms and bath.
ERIE, 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth-
Furnished housekeeping rooms; 3 sunny con-
venient rooms; garden.
FIFTH, 221— Neat sunny rooms; housekeeping;
sink; also single; quiet house; (heap rent.-
FIFTH. 353—3 connecting rooms, furnished for
housekpg. and water, $13; also single. $5 up.
FOURTEENTH, 129R— Two sunny unfurnished
bay-window housekeeping rooms.
GRANT aye.. 15— The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HARRISON, 731 Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; bath; $14.
HOWARD. 704. corner Third— Finely furnished
suites; also single; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 1141, bet. Seventh and Eighth Nice
sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping;
double and single.
HOWARD. „— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bat-h, hot and cold water.
LAGUNA, 90S, near McAllister— 3 Bunny fur-
nished 1184 kpg. rooms; complete; kitchen.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room;
kitchen, folding bed, closet; $12.
MARKET, 1028—2 or 3 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms: rent taken in board.
MINNA, 545— Large sunny front room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping; rent low.
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION, 917— Front room, with kitchen, com-
plete.
MISSION, 1729"4, near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
! nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $8.
OAK, 119 — 1 large front room, clean, com-
plete for housekeeping, $3; 1 smaller, same, $5.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— bay windows,
mantel, water, kitchen; gas stove; singly or
en suite.
RRELL, 1393 Nice front parlor suite,
with running hot and cold water; suitable for
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
PROSPECT pi . 123, off California, bet. Powell
and Stockton— Room and kitchen^ Just reno-
vated; $9 to $10; private; German.
SHIPLEY. 259, bet. Howard and Folsom. Fifth
and Sixth— Four housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children nor dogs.
SHOTWELL. Large sunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping.
SIXTH, 136—2 sunny rooms for light house-
keeping; also other rooms; $1 a week.
SIXTH, 405— A suite of housekeeping rooms;
$10 a month; gas and bath.
STEVENSON, 403. corner of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, • complete for housekeeping; cheap.
TWO sunny flats; bath; 4 rooms each: 1 fur-
nished: $17 and $14; couples, no children. .811
Leavenworth st.
VALENCIA. 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished: light housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor. 4 rooms; gas range.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET"
AT 810 A Geary st., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for Visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, Including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone;, servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st. — Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $160 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 62 Second, between Market and Mission-
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth st.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
! gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny front rooms, $7 to $15
month; other desirable rooms, $6 upwards.
I.IS, 312, near Taylor— Small sunny hall
bedroom for gentleman in private family.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house In the city.
ELLIS, 418— The Grand Carnot-Nice front
rooms: suite and single; $1 50 to $S week.
ELLIS 618—3 sunny, 1 unfurnished, 2 fur-
nished; rent $12. --.;.;-:.
FIFTH, 153t4— Suites of rooms for 2 gentlemen
or man and wife, j
FIFTEENTH. 1679, near Mission— Furnished
rooms to rent; cheap.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front, back parlor;
other rooms; privilege light hskpg; piano; tel.
GEARY. 14A— Single room, running water. $1 25
per week.
GROVE. 104— Corner bay-window suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $150 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter— under
new' management Apr 1: elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD. 1052—2 nice furnished front sunny
rooms, $5 month; also housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS TO Continued.
HOWARD.- 1109. . near Seventh— large
front, bay-window rooms and one small,
prettily furnished. . ,
JACKSON, 1030, near Taylor— Large sunny
rooms* running water; gas; bath; marine
view; telephone; reasonable: private family.
JESSIE, 365— -Large front room, furnished; also
other rooms; all sunny.
JONES, 415— Neatly furnished front suite: sta-
tionary wash stand; also single; rent $8 up.
JONES, 60S— Large nicely furnished room suit-
able for 2; private.
KEARNY, 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MINNA, 667, comer Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per, week; transient.
MISSION, Furnished rooms: $1 a week
up. '
OAK, Nicely furnished front rooms; man
and wife or single; cheap; private family.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light;, reading .room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 85c to $1 50;
week, $5 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
offlce floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping. • ;" :...■-.• ■■-'.- *
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SUITE of rooms and board for couple in private
family; W. A.; ref. given and required. Bos
967, Call.
SUTTER, 717— Very choice, sunny, new, rea-
sonable: appreciated if seen: Investigate.
TAYLOR, 311— A splendid opportunity for doc-
tor; front and back parlor; piano; running
water; sunny all day; reasonable to right
party.
TAYLOR, 610- Elegant suite, suitable for jmrty
of 3 or 4; rent reasonable.
TENTH, 123 near Market— Small light room;
running water; rent $3.
THIRD. 25— Sunniest rooms In San Francisco;
• white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
VALENCIA, 834V_. near Twentieth— Furnished
room, with grate, use bath, $5; unfurnished,
$3 month. ■
BOARDING AM) ROOMS.
BOARD and room for young man; hath; $12
to $14 month; private. se4'_ Valencia st.
ELLIS, 595— Newly furnished rooms, with or
without board; reasonable.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POST, 609, near Mason— Sunny prettily fur-
nished room for 1 or 2, with board.
POWELL. 809 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; bear. opt'l.
YOUNG man can find room and board in pri-
vate family at 120 Fell St.; $20 per month.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
Pi pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
RESTAUR
CLEMENT, 3021— 512 per month; restaurant and
bar and 3 nice rdoms at Sutro-car house: lady
would board for rent.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 2."c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 26). nr. O'Farrell.
PERINTB, 16 Mason st.— French dinner, 50c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte; prl. rms. for ladies.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. I";'.', Market.; popular price
CHILDREN HOARU!_U.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
postofflce and cars; not younger than 8- years:
from responsible parlies; good care. Address
MRS. F. W.. Yountville. Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home and yard for children, $S. 83_
Valencia st., near Twentieth.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
________________
STORKS TO LET.
STORE, 2 living rooms; go..d location for deli-
cacy, jeweler, tailor or shoe store; rent cheap.
2509 Folsom st., bet. Twenty and Twen-
ty-second.
LARGE corner store on Geary st. to rent or
lease for a term of years; low rent. Apply
544 Geary st.
FOR rent— Large and beautiful store; prom-
inently located, fa ing the Navy-yard; with
or without fixtures; with kitchen, yard, sta-
ble and other accessories. Apply Philadelphia
House. 112 Georgia St., Vallejo, Cal.
STORE with living • ims; all modern Im-
provements.- 23 Clementina st.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. -Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are Belling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY &. CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, fine order 152
3 Kingsburys, used 7 months 185
Vose, mahogany case 225
Sterling, used IS months 270
All guarantied 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists: his' touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 808 to 312 Post st. _ j
SOHMER, BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
308 Post st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal to COOKE, 1081 Howard st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $63 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 60 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER! 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
> LER *• CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old _.nd new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. .
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
NEW cook stove. (th" steel oven), at 1676 How-
ard st., corner Fourteenth.
A PAIR turquoise cluster diamond screws;
originally bought of Tiffany & Co., New
York, for $500; our price now $215. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. '
FOR sale, cheap— Colt's double-barreled 12-bore
. shotgun. 132 Sixth st.
FOR sale— Fine rosewood large-sized Regina
music box and records. 714 McAllister st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, Office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
3. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost new; latest type, separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc. ; sold separately or together. Apply
box 447. Petaluma. cal.
BARGAIN— B H. P. GoldPn Gate' gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st. j
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine In fine condition;
cheap. 11. S. WHITE, 514-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE,. 139 Heal. St.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition:
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent sllp-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAKE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100: '.' $125'
3. "$150; 4, $176. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $86: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale cheap; must
sell by Saturday. H'_ Welsh st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
CHILDREN'S EYES.
Keep the sra.n off young, tender, developing
eyes— thus giving the child better health and
stronger eyes for after years. GEO. MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician, Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
1071% Market St., San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
rase before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a. true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded.
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy st., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; offlce hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at offlce,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists.. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL ladies C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace \
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self -cure sent; call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years: see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., MS Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free, Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, ;' travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 ' Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 63;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, Ills Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
LOST.
STRAYED— From William Cawley's, 124 East
St., fox terrier bitch pup; stump black tall.
Return to owner and receive reward.
LOST— Tuesday evening, on Mission st., near
Fifteenth, mink fur tippet, almost new. Re-
turn to 1917 Mission st. ; reward.
LOST— Pocketbook on Ellis or O'Farrell St.,
bet. Powell ami Mason, containing bills and
bill of sale. Reward at 720 Third st.
STOLEN from corner Howard and Seventh —
Gray horse and yellow rig. Return 814 Mis-
sion st.
LOST— Large dark fawn greyhound dog. Re-
ward at 396S Twenty-third st.
LOST— Reward $2 50; a small blue sky.- dog;
answers to the name Rags. Please return
1520 Van Ness aye.
LOST— A light brindle greyhound dog. Re-
turn 1504 Kentucky st.: reward.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture^
fixtures, finishes, etc., lor the Hall of Justice
- a:.-. Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4. 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2587
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors.
sealed proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON. April 17, 1899, from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the .furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc.. for the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings, in strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed in
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3. 1899, copies of which can
be seen by Intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No. 26
Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that all the material mentioned
ln the specifications shall be manufactured in
the State of California, and that all labor
necessary In the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary in the erection
and completion of the work mentioned In the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing In the State of California.
And It is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank in
the city and county of San Francisco in a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of their bid, and the party or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter into a bond
in a sum equal to one-fourth (hi) 0 _ the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of tne contract
Bidders will estimate and state a price on
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wit'
First— For all furniture, including all metal
grill work In connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners' docks; all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelvin"
and vault doors; ventilators. Bertillon sys"
tern: photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture. ~- ,
Second— For gas and electric combination
fixtures. ■'■■■•'_' .'",;■■'*:
Third— For water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— electrical apparatus, switch
board and telephone system.
Bidders will , bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will be
awarded for each class to the lowest respon-
sible bidder. _.■•; _-■ - ' **""
For any further Information required as to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messrs
Shea & Shea.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former notice
ln three daily newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
cation in the offlclal newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some batik In the city and county
of San Francisco in a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fall or
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award is made, then and
In that case the said sum shall be collected
and paid into the City and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
" failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves' the right to reject all
bids if the public good so requires.
JNO A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS . for fresh beef and mutton— Of-
flee Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 11, 1599. Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of commissaries
nt Alcatraz Island, Ansel Island. Benicia
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Diego Barracks. Cal., until
11 O'clock a. m.. May 11, 1899, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to commissary at post to be supplied. S. F.
THORN. Major. Chief Commissary. .
~ I'll . SICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. • 6th and 7th. '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOD GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Chdice lots near. Ocean Beach; very
easy' Installments.
$100— $125— Bargains'. Level lots in Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly. • >■ ,^..'
$250 to Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— Lots near Misslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth aye., near H st. ;
open Sundays.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
' DAVID STERN & SONS,
Real Estate and House Brokers, 636 Market st.
TO* CLOSE AN ESTATE.
We offer the following properties at the ap-
praised value, but will receive BIDS at our
office until THURSDAY, APRIL 13, noon. All
bids subject to confirmation by Probate Court.
$8500— Rents $81; 3 new modern flats. 525, 527,
529 Baker st., between Fulton and Grove, of
6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each; cost a few
years ago $13,500; Baker st. is on the boule-
vard to the park; 25x125.
$4500— Rents $49; 2-story frame building, 1104
Stockton St.. between Jackson and Pacific,
with a small expenditure this Income can be
greatly increased; 34xS0.
$10,000—513 Pacific St., bet. Kearny and Mont-
gomery, new 2-story brick building, which can
be leased for $150 per month to a good tenant.
For further information and other properties
apply at offlce.
-MISSION COTTAGES ,
Four, 5. 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and :
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
$100 CASH, $25 a month— s rooms, bath, base-
ment; lot 25x114; concrete walks; half bio
from cars; 824 Elizabeth st., near Douglass.
J. ANDERSON, UBA Eleventh st., owner and
builder.
FOR sale— Corner bouse on Ellis St.: central;
reasonable; no agents. Box 909, Call office.
$500—75x100: HOUSE. 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County*: $12", per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG., 7 Grant ay.
FOR sale— l9s acres adjoining Napa Soda
Springs; 12 acres clear; 900 cords oak wood; a
great bargain; $1500, GEO. W. H. PAT-
TERSON CO.. 1706 Market st.
$4*OO— BARGAIN; 160 acres rich farm land; well
Improved; all fenced; plenty good water; 5
miles northwest from Livermore. For parti-
culars address RASMUS BJORN, Livermore,
Alameda County, Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-9S address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st.. S. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
2 LOTS; 50x120 ln all; south of Park, on 7th
aye., bet. X and J; In exchange; house and
lot in Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley; worth
about $2000. Address A. D., Frultvale P. O.
GOOD-PAYING Eastern property for California
real estate, stock land preferred; table board
for groceries; table board for piano. 712
Eleventh St., Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— House of 6 rooms, with 3 or 4 acres
of land with fruit trees and vegetable garden
around San Leandro, Haywards, Frultvale.
Apply Call Office.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security;' payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
. Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at € : i per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save in-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see 11. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st.
_
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg., chat-
tels. etc. Harper & Kreit-er.."12 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— ss MONTHLY rental for a~~nTce~^lcken
ranch: 4 large chicken houses, flne broodery,
4 nests, 12 compartments; 6-foot high wire
fencing; very complete for Immediate busi-
ness; will sell, if desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5
monthly; will make special terms If desired;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes; streets all graded, some are
macadamized: near a flne 3-story school house
and 3 electric car lines, and also a foot
wide boulevard; site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular,. 455 Seventh st., near
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
$5000— Two 5-room cottages in Livermore, with
block of land, barn, chicken houses, orchard;
all clear: to exchanee for Oakland or Ala-
meda property. B. 11. WELCH & CO., 1383
Fifth aye.
NEW 7-room house, near new San Pablo car
and Golden Gate station: $250 cash; $25 per
month. THE MCCARTHY CO., 046 Market.
j NEW cottages: clear; will exchange for
clear land near Oakland. P. O. box ,420, Oak-
land.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR rent— Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board, at the Fifth-aye. Boarding
House, 1379 Fifth avenue, corner Eighteenth
St., East Oakland; convenient to electric
cars: terms very reasonable. MRS. VIC-
TORTA McDONALD.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
(800— 6-ROOM house; lot 60x130.
$1900— Modern house of 5 rooms; lot 40x130.
$7500— Lot; San Antonio aye.; 140x150; highly
improved.
$10,000— Central aye. ; 75x150; elegant house, 10
rooms.
We offer a special bargain In lot 50x150, first-
class location, $1250. or will build house to suit.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to rent.
--.'.•.. E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. _________ 1416 .th st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SACRIFICED because of 111-health; lovely
home right at Ashby station; lot 60x122: s-
room and bath modern cottage; windmill;
nice lawn, etc.; only $1850; $3."0 cash, balance
first mortgage. Address Home. Lorin. Cal .
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE _ TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black ___
TO LEASE.
TO lease— Boarding house, Mayfleld, Santa
Clara Co. Apply F. BORMANN. Mai-fleld. .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; no J advance charges; estates,
damages, attachments, wills, contracts: all
cases private. J. B. EVANS. 14 McAllister
St., room 64, next Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; privte;
no fee without success; collections. G W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK Emma Spreckeis building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Daniel G. Hay and Lena Spute 56-46
Cornelius Ellison and Frances Howland 47-35
Joseph A. Hutchinson and Jessie JL Moore. 4l-33
Manuel Rlvas and Ygnacia Torres 21-13
Alphonse Buthod and BapUstine Barrere..2:>-28
Samuel Karsky and Rebecca Moss "■"-24
William B. Rohrer and Ellen Kelz 58-50
'- ■' Moy and Neevis Pederas... 2..-1
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will tint be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hove the same published.
BORN.
BURT— In Mill Valley, March 12, i- '0. to the
• wife of John Burt, a daughter.
HOLUBAR— In this city. April 11. 1889, to the
wife of C. Holubar. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BENJAMIN— BENJAMIN— In Portland. Or.,
October 30, 1897, J. H. Benjamin and Ora A.
Benjamin.
ELDER— COOK— In this city, April 9, 1899, by
the Rev. Stopford Brook. R. B. Eider and
Irene Cook, both of San Francisco.
HAGERUP — RENGSTORFF —In this city,
March 28, 1899, Frederick C. Hagerup and
Annie C. J. Rengstorff, both of San Mateo.
. . _____
DEED. ~ ~
Atkinson. Thomas J. Jensen. Gladys E.
Rohan. John Johnson, Dr. H. C.
Buchanan. Beatrice Kingston, Georgie L.
Deverell, Leonard J. Kleeman. T. F. W.
Fitzgerald. Edward McCarrick. Ellen M.
Fillmore. William A. Oliva. Catarina
Friell, William O'Neill. Mary E.
Galliano. Rev. C. Pann. William
Heffernan, Michael Rines, Joshua R.
Heltmann. Nicholas Smith John W.
Holladay, Charles R. Turner. Capt. B. C.
Jehly, Albert Walker, Alexander
ATKINSON —In this city, April 12, 1899,
Thomas J., beloved husband of Delia Atkln-
Eon, and father of Thomas, David. Joseph
and Matilda Atkinson, Mrs. J. Pradden. Mrs.
' C. Hall and Mrs. Sarah Lee, a native of Bel-
fast, Ireland, aged 88 years.
BEHAN— In the City and County Hospital,
April 12. 1899, John Behan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 72 years.
BUCHANAN— In Santa Clara, April 10, 1899.
Beatrice A., dearly beloved daughter of Rob-
ert G. and Dora Buchanan, and sister of
Olive and John Buchanan, a native of San
Rafael, Marin County, Cal., aged 6 years 10
months and 1 day.
DEVERELL— In this city, April 12. 1899, Leon-
ard J., beloved son of Richard L. and Fanny
Deverell, And brother of Frederick W. and
Louis H. Deverell, a native of New York,
aged 25 years 2 months and 1 day.
FrrZGF<RALD-«-In this city. April 11, 1899, at
the residence of his brother, 268 Lexington
avenue. Edward, son of the late George and
Ellen Fitzgerald, and brother of John T.,
George and Annie Fitzgerald. Mrs. James
Cruise and Mrs. Robert Henry, a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years and 1 month.
E_?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:80 o'clock, from his late
residence. 268 Lexington avenue, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FILLMORE— In Halfmoon Bay, April 11. 1899,
William Albert, son of James S. and Emma
Fillmore, and brother of Fred B. and Ger-
trude Fillmore, a native of Petaluma, Cal.,
aged _5 years 2 months and 21 days.
(C^Funeral services at the residence at
Halfmoon Bay. at 9 o'clock, this day (Thurs-
day. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery at 1
o'clock.
FRIELI.— In this city. April 12, 1899, William,
beloved husband of Maggie Friell, and father
of Hugh. Eddie, Willie and Annie Friell, a
native of the parish of Clonmanny, County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 38 years.
___""■ Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.
GALLIANO— In this city, April 12, 1899, Rev.
Celestin Galliano, S. J., a native of Bellino,
Italy, aged 64 years.
G_*rThe offlce for the dead will be recited
this day (Thursday), at St. Ignatius Church,
at 7:30 p. m. Mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul to-morrow (Friday), at 7:30
• o'clock. Interment Santa Clara, by the 9
o'clock train from Twenty-fifth and Valen-
cia streets.
HEFFERNAN— In this city, April 10, 1899,
Michael, husband of Mary A. Heffernan. and
father of Mary X.. Regina M. and Frank M.
Heffernan. a "native of County Galway, Ire-
land. . - "•""-:
E_yThe funeral' will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence. 712 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
HEITMANN— Ih this city, April 12. 1899, Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Maria Heitmann, and
uncle of Mrs. Finck and John and Henry
Heitmann, a native of Elmshorn, Holsteln.
Germany, aged 75 years 3 months and 29- days.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O.
O. F. ; Walhalla Encampment No. 7; Eureka
Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D., and Walhalla Ge-
sang Verein. -;-■-:-
-[C_?"Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, '.'l7 Mission street, near Fifth.
HOLLADAY— this city, April 11, 1899,
Charles R. Holladay, a native of Kentucky,
aged 43 years.
JEHLY— In. this city. April 11. 1899, Albert,
dearly beloved son of Louis and Anna Jehly,
and brother of Jennie, Louise and Hattie
Jehly, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 10 months.
D__TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2 Harry place, off Laguna
street, between Filbert and Greenwich. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JENSEN— In this city, April 12. 1899, Gladys
]- . beloved daughter of William and Emily
Jensen, and sister of Mabel, William and
Charley Jensen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 2 months and 19 days.
JOHNSON— In San Gabriel. Cal., April 11. 1899,
Dr H. C. Johnson, formerly of Portland. Or.,
son of Mrs. M. A. nnd the late Orrick John-
son, aged SS years.
KINGSTON— In Butte. Mont.. April 9. 1891,
Georgie Leo, beloved son of Paul and Minnie
Kingston, brother of Katie Kingston, and
neohew of the late Jeremiah Hurley, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 years & mon'.liS
and 19 days.
B_7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KLEEMAN— In Oakland, April 11, 1899. Thomas
F. William Kleeman, a native of Germany,
aged 70 years. : - ' i"„
McCARRICK— In Sacramento. March 15, 1899.
Ellen M.. wife of Frank McCarrick, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 36 years.
OLIVA— In this city, April 12. 1899. Catarina
Oliva, a native of Genoa, Italy, aged 76 years.
O'NEILL— In this city. April 12, 1889, Mary E.
O'Neill, a native of San Francisco.
[C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
PANN— In Haywards. April 10. 1899. William,
beloved son of John D. and the late
Mary Pann, and brother of Mamie, Lena,
John. Augustus and Joseph Pann.
c3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence thence to the Catholic church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Interment Catholic Ceme-
tery.
RINES— In this city. April 11, 1899, Joshua R.,
' dearly beloved husband of Annie M. Rines,
son of Mrs. B. R. Rines, and brother of John
and Dr. Charles 11. Bines, Mrs. L. A. R. Mil-
ler Mrs. J. Lffing and Amy Rines, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 6,', years 11 months and
5 days.
SMITH-In this city. April 11. 1889, John Wal-
ter beloved son of John J. Smith of Lincoln,
England, and nephew of T. Musgrave of San
Francisco, a native of England, aged 19 years
and 6 months. '. ._"
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from James Hagan
undertaking parlors, 445 Valencia street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery." 1
TURNER— At Piedmont Heights, Oakland,
April l" 1899. captain Benjamin C. beloved
husband of Hattie I. Turner, and stepfather
of M L. Straw-bridge, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged>7o years 8 months and 20 days.
WALKER— Santa Cruz County. April 11,
1599 Alxeander Walker, father of James G.
Waiker, a native of Aberdeenshire, Scotland,
a—»d I'd years. v 
Funeral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 12 o'clock, at his. late resi-
dence, 2016 Franklin street. Services and in-
terment private.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING Asso-
ciation— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members will, be celebrated
In St. Dominic's Church, Hush and Steiner
streets, this day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited. ■'
HI-NRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
! FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERiI,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School c' v "'
i Telephone South 80. ..
1314
LEES DEFENDS THE
COURSE OF PRICE
Says He Is Innocent of the
Charge of Corruption.
The Police Commissioners Commence
Their Investigation of the
Chinatown Scandal.
THE portentous "sack" which is Bald
to exist in Chinatown and which,
it Is Claimed, has tempted Lieuten
ant Price and his squad was the
subject of Investigation by the Po-
lice Commislsoners last evening.
For several hours the Commissioners lis
tened to the reading of the report of Chief
Lees, "which is calculated to exculpate
Price and his men of the charges of cor
ruption which have been brought against
them.
At 11 o'clock the head of the Police De
partment had not concluded reading his
report, and as Commissioner Tobin was
not feeling well he suggested that ihe in
vestigation be continued until next Mon
day night. A motjon to that effect was
made by Commissioner Alvord and im
mediately carried.
The Chief's report, as far as he read,
was a resume of the work done by Price
ln the Chinese quarter. Several months
ago, ho claimed, a number of Chinese
merchants waited on him and asked that
Price be sent to subdue the disorderly ele
ment In Chinatown. As a number of
wanton murders of inoffensive Chinamen
had been committed. Lees sent Price to
assist Sergeant McManus, who was then
in charge of the Chinese quarter. Shortly
afterward McManus was relieved at his
own request and Price instructed to take
full charge.
The Chief declared that Price's work
ln Chinatown was eminently satisfactory
to him. He gave a list of gambling joints
Price had broken up, and reiterated that
as far as his investigation went ho had ab
solutely no proof that either Price or his
men were guilty of corrupt i practices.
The dally reports of Price and his men. he
said, showed that they had made more
arrests and collected more money than
any other sergeant and squad who have
been In charge of Chinatown.
"In 1894," continued the Chief, .reading
from his report, "Lieutenant Esola. who
had been in Chinatown for two months,
was withdrawn, as the Commissioners
and myself had an abundance of evidence
showing that he could not make a raid
without being accompanied by Andrew
Lawrence, managing editor Of the Ex
aminer. Lawrence was with him nearly
all the time, and as there were some ugly
rumors floating around which did not re
flect much credit on the editor in ques
tion, I decided, after a consultation with
the Commissioners, to withdraw Esola.
Lawrence in his paper severely criticized
the Commissioners and the department in
general after that, but as I knew I had
beaten him at his own game I paid no at
tention to his diatribes.
"Shortly after Price's character was as
sailed he visited my office and demanded
an Investigation. He vigorously denied
that he was guilty of the charge of cor
ruption and pleaded with me to withdraw
him from Chinatown. I assured him of
my belief in his honesty and told him to
continue as he had been doing until such
time as the Commissioners Investigated
the charges preferred against him. Dur
ing my secret investigation I learned that
an ex-convict named Thomas Droulet was
responsible for some of the stories re
flecting on Price and the men which were
published in the Examiner. Droulet, who
is also known as Kelly, is a Chinatown
bum. Ho has served several terms in
San Quentin and Is a confirmed thief.
Some time ago he was thrown out of a
window by a woman who Is known as the
"Galloping Cow" and sustained a. fracture
of the skull. Since then he has been a
driveling Idiot.
-'Gambling has materially decreased
since Price has been in Chinatown." con
tinued the head of the department,
"reading from his voluminous report."
"I understand that it has been in
creased." interjected Commissioner To
bin. ln a rather sarcastic tone.
"we will prove that in court or any
where else," hotly replied the Chief.
"It was called to my attention," con
tinued Lees, "that Price was issuing
COLE FOUND HE
WHS NOT THE
WHOLE BOARD
School Directors Sup
press Him.
Chairman J. B. Cole of the committee
on janitors of the Board of Education, had
impressed upon him at the regular meet
ing last night that a committeeman Is not
the whole committee nor is a committee
the board. In the course of the evening's
business, when the reports were being
called for in their regular order. Secretary
Simpson called for that on janitors.
Mr. Cole, as chairman of the committee,
presented a report recommending several
dismissals and appointments of others in
the place of those deposed. Mr. Cole, the
proposer, cast aside recognized customs
and moved its adoption. On its face the
report seemed all right, but Director Hol
brook asked by whom It was signed. This
elicited the information that Mr. Cole
alone stood sponsor for it. Directors Head
and Conlan declining to be parties to its
recommendations. President Bergerot j
asked for the majority report of the com- j
mittee, but none was forthcoming. There- !
upon he declined to entertain the report
presented.
Director Cole tried to explain in an in
coherent manner that he had presented
the report to his colleagues for their sig
natures, but that they had declined to Join '
him in his recommendations. " He ex
plained that some Janitors were on the list
of dismissals upon the recommendations
of principals of schools. That from long
years of service they acted as though
they could do as they pleased in neglect
ing their duties. Others were included in
the list because he had evidence of their
neglect He spent several days in the
month on a tour of investigation, and
found that the rooms In a number of
buildings had not received proper care*.
President Bergerot dealt firmly but
kindly with the Director. He would not
permit the report to be presented. The
remaining ten members were a unit in
their views of the matter, hence there
will be no changes among the Janitors for
the present. •
The session of the board was a short
one. The important committees had
nothing to report, so the proceedings, aft
er the Cole incident, were merest routine.
The committee on rules recommended
that leave of absence be granted to: the
following teachers: Mrs. B. Linehan, Miss
K. H. Paxton, Miss B. Levingston, Miss
N. E. Ewlng, Miss M. A. Manning and
Mrs. M. A. Hogan.
Applications were received from the fol
lowing teachers asking that they be ex
cused from attending the Teachers' Insti
tute now in session: Walter S. Braun, A_
H. McDonald, Ellen Castiehun, Jennie L.
Powers, A. E. Roberts. A. J. Dannan
baum, C. S. Hendry, Smith O'Brien. John
McHenry, William Drew. James P. Bal
loun, Charles L. Turner, Miss Jennie Kie
nan.
Demands for salary were received from
Rose M. Stack and Mrs. Morrisey and
were referred to the finance committee.
A petition for a new school was received
cards to Chines, restaurant keepers, al- '
lowing them to continue playing music j
until 1 o'clock in the morning. The cards
bore the "name of the restaurants and
were signed by the lieutenant. I sent for
him and demanded to know why he had
overriden the law to the extent of allow
ing music to be played after midnight:
He explained that the Chinese were hold
ing their annual festivities, It being their
New Year, and that he saw no harm in
it. I told him it was against the law
and he promised that it would not occur
again.
"To show what schemes the Chinese will
resort to, I deem It proper to make pub
lic a forgery which was evidently In
tended to entrap me. On March 15, 1898,
I received a note purporting to have been
signed by the Consul General asking
the privilege of exploding lir.crackers be
tween certain hours on the following day.
I suspected that the signature was a for
gery, and, calling in my clerk, dictated a
reply to him, which was to be sent to the
Consul General, In a few days I received
an answer in which the Consul General
declared that the original letter was a
forgery and excusing tho crime by say
ing that one of his servants must have
written the request for the benefit of
some friend."
The Chief was about to descant on the
scheming methods of the Chinese in gen
eral when Commissioner Tobin, who nad
evidently grown tired while listening to
the Chief's report, suggested that further
hearing of the report be continued until
Monday night, which was adopted.
Before taking up the investigation of
Price and his men the Commissioners
tried Policeman John Crowley, charged
with failing to report for duty. On March
19 Crowley- visited a restaurant on Davis
street, where he met Sergeant Wolf and
two ladles. Crowley was unable to re
port for duty at midnight and at his re
?uest Sergeant Wolf went to the Call
ornia-street station, where he informed
the officer In charge that Crowley was
sick and unable to do patrol duty.
The matter was reported to Lieutenant
Blrdsall, who sent Sergeant Monahan to
investigate the story of Crowley's alleged
sickness.
Monahan visited his house and was sur
prised at not finding him there. Con
vinced that there was something wrong,
Captain Wittman preferred charges
against the officer. Officer Edwards tes
tified that he saw Wolf, Crowley, another
man and three women standing at the
corner of California .and Kearny streets a
short time before the watch reported on.
He reported the fact to acting Desk Ser
geant Young. The latter notified Lieu
tenant Blrdsall, who sent one of his men
to Crowley's house. The witness denied
that he said that the women were "hay
bags" or Barbary Coast rounders.
Officer Young testified that Crowley was
accompanied by a woman named Mrs.
Mclntyre. In answer to Commissioner
Gunst's questions, he said that the char
acter of the woman was bad. Captain
Wittman, when sworn, said that Crow
ley had told him that the Mclntyre wo
man was "stuck" on him, and that he
couldn't "shake" her.
Commissioner Gunst rather testily
asked why the case had not been brought
to the attention of the Police Commission
before.
"This offense occurred on the 20th of
last month," he remarked. "I should like
to know why the charges were not in
vestigated at the last meeting."
Chief Lees replied that he had read the
charges and expected that they would
be brought up shortly after the occur
rence.
"I spoke of the case at the recent meet
ing." remarked Gunst. "I would like to
know who is to blame for this seeming
negligence."
"Captain W right had the charges,"
hotly retorted Lees.
"Excuse me," interrupted Gunst. "It
must be Wright's mistake."
Alter listening to the statements of sev
eral witnesses to the effect that Crowley
was sick and not drunk, the Commission
ers decided. to dismiss the charge against
him.
from Improvement Club No. 1 of San
Francisco South. A bill for $1000 for the
fence surrounding Mission High school
was ordered paid.
. The lobby, usually thronged, was empty.
Many teachers attended the Teachers' In
stitute at Mission High School.
Sarsfleld Rheumatic Remedy is an ab
solute cure for Inflammatory Rheuma
tism. No remedy has been so uniformly
; successful. For sale by all druggists *.
■ ♦ ■
A Disastrous Bicycle Collision.
While scorching down the grade on
| Washington street, near Leavenworth,
' last night Ferdinand Lecam, a young
bicyclist rider, collided with J. C.
Andrews, an aged blacksmith, and as a
result both parties are lying at the Re
ceiving Hospital, suffering from slight
concussions of the brain, both having
been thrown on their heads. Lecam did
not recover consciousness until late in the
night, and then he was unable to give
i any account of the accident. As soon as
the young rider is able to be moved he
will be charged with battery.
■ ♦ .
$200 cash will buy a flne Decker piano
j almost as good as new at Mauvals', 769
Market street. •
■ ♦ ■
French Hospital Physicians.
The directors of the French Hospital
j met last evening and appointed as mem
■ bers of the surgical staff for the institue
) tlon Dr.. Dudley Tait. surgeon and gyne
, cologist; Dr. Kaspar Pischel, oculist* Dr
Brun, dentist, and Dr. Oscar J. Myer surl
I geon and gynecologist. Tie appointment
! of physicians by the .board of directors
I Is at variance with. the usual custom of
selecting the staff, the members of the
society having elected them until the past
I year.
— « '
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
i Credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7
—■ ♦ ■
Soldiers Entertained.
Last evening a reception was tendered
jto the members of the Twenty-fourth
■ Regiment, now at the Presidio, by the
, Canby Garrison No. 114, R. A. and N. U.,
!at California Hall. This is the first dem
onstration which has been tendered the
I boys since their arrival in this city.
The event of the evening was a speech
by Rev. Tillman Brown, who was fol
, lowed by Charles H. Tinsley, commander
lof the garrison, and other speakers It
was an Informal affair, and the time was
spent in entertainment which made the
soldiers feel welcome on the coast.
■ ♦ « •__
| The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISK 7la
! recommended by physicians for family and
: medicinal use because It Is pure.
—■» ■ ~
I Captain Dillon Arrested.
Captain Dillon of the Morgan City was
j arrested yesterday on a Federal warrant
■ charging him with assaulting Gus Moore
a member of the crew, with tho butt of a
Mauser rifle. Several officers on the yes
, sel informed the United States District
] Attorney that Captain Dillon knocked
down Moore with the weapon. The mat
. ter will be taken before the Federal Grand
Jury-
Flor De Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First class stores have them on sale.
If your dealer does not carry them, send
us three dollars for a box of twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Deliciosas, expressage
prepaid. State color wanted. Money re
funded to you if cigars not satisfactory.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 13, 1899.
_,
Hales. -.:,'; ' .Hales. . . i Hales. I Hales. I ■
*hJ\ Costumes, Wraps, Outer Garments.
London sets the style for men — London created the tailor gown for women Paris and America followed — Paris originated the fancy costume — London and America followed — America
originates little — But she adopts the best of English and French creations after experiments have proved the style Yankee wit improves, accepts the best and adds her genius — The new costumes
are not exclusively Parisian nor English nor American — They are Americanized adoptions Copies of across-the-ocean creations with the wit and the careful making of the Yankee added.
Broadcloth Suits— silk lined ." $30 to $CO Covert Jackets— Full silk lined 95 to $15
Covert Cloth Suits— Full silk lined < $17.50 to *'lO Kersey Jackets— Swell tailored garments 810 to f-O
Golf Capes— Scotch plaids predominate $5 to Ifi^S Silk and Chiffon Capes— For the opera $5 to-Jf-O
The most popular shadings in suits run on the gray. r • . The new silk waists from $5 to $30 show a tendency toward
STEEL GRAYS, CASTORS, MODES. TURQUOISE, - HELIO. • CERISE, GRAY.
The umbrella shape in Silk Underwear has taken a decided lead— new lot from $5 to $liO Separate Skirts— garment of a dozen handy uses— Silks and wools galore $1.50 to $40
A Curtain for 35c, and Other News. r A Wraniw Ssla— fiftn*) Npwc Remnants ia Trimmings—
120 pairs of Lace Curtains, 2-4 yards by 30 ft " I UUIJvI J„IW llUUli IIVU-S DiSCOOUtS.
inches, white or ecru, . floral border, point de •- * * Jf^_ - ♦»,
sprit center, summer cottages, attic "dens'' . _ /*» _..-.'* ,. ___ _ .„, ... __.-- . --_ St. 'J? Discovered an overflow of remnants ln tne
and , bedrooms; better ; call early; OK- • L$ LOT 1—384 IN THE LOT. LOT 2 486 IN THE LOT. SX - trimming and - notion section-decided on a
aisle 111; pair _._■—■ "ii_- ' r>ilr^r e 7 "clean up." A bit of rapid selling.
* ' .;','• -_*«Mra?»- EXTRA HEAVY PERCALE WRAPPERS, FINE PERCALE WRAPPERS, same as Jf{ We'll take the lot to-day-just as marked-put
ORGANDIE BRADEE. a neat little wash , "^ii, WQ_ same as cut, : tight fitting waist lining, cut, tight fitting waist lining, bound arm- OfiK^f/ ,v,_™ „„ ._ .!>,„ T"o7it»,»lr remnant m-ices
fabric, black ground.' colored flowers, =<- \\l"i_* bound armholes, full skirt and wide holes, wide flounce, full skirt, - carefully YuM/ l m JL _._ ™,_ !^- ,?_>™. -^rvrrS
28-lnch, 750 yards the lot. yard.... tr** X_os flounce, a perfect little garment, elegantly made, ' perfect fit. the newest styles, dark, NIMt/ and DEDUCT s(> PER CENT FROM. iulk
flm\ta made- and good fit. light, medium and medium or light colors ln most desirable HrK/\~. CHECK AFTER YOU'VE MADE YOUR
TWELVE HUNDRED BLEACHED SHEETS / (I \\'S^=- . ark shades, modest yet pretty patterns, patterns, size 32 to 44. . , KJ[ VT_" PICK. In other words, the regular remnant
for double beds, 81x90 Inches, "perfect AAr* /[ |i|' _ '' ' -** es ' 3 " t0 44 ' : ..:.^ Mr price cut in half - The 'BO per cent will be
hem." ready to-day. each. -_~-W /« M-UV $1.25 EBCH* $1.00 EaC_l» •_/ J V taken from the check. For example:
A Lirkv : Embroidery Buy. : 'Am\W^ (These are both hlgh - grade gaj:ment8 ' See w,ndow display "? JWMk *^.fe _ t^ .-^r_fio r :::::::: 3 0 _
A LU-_J- i.uiu.uiu.ij VUJ. c/f//ilUl\y THE STATIONERY COUNTER offers a I THE ' DRUGGIST SUNDRY COUNTER tf/U j f Uii VA - —
One of the Eastern buyers discovered It. He <-/ 1 1 1 [ *j\ \f box of cream laid note paper, with 24 offers Talcum Toilet Powder for the Wfr' 111 IM\ _y Less 50 per cent 3So
took all he could get. In fact all there was. ~~^^A^^e£^- envelopes to match, for 100 I nursery for 5c bo_ n *UiL"_i!_i.)i-'' "" "
your turn now. '-<: : ;-!.-- You pay 3Sc
2Vi to 3-inch, open work, guipure edge..7^c yd ' -jj. ►_- n==7 *jm The sellln - will be conducted In aisle one.
3to 6-lnch. open edge patterns .l^o a ™ __■_ k. /ff/ _**_ #_?=^ The lot comprises:
27-lnoh open work flouncing 50c yard _~SSjS> m * iiff*£> WmsL Silk aDnliaue v,,™
27-lnch hemstitched flouncing....- yard /M JM Jz"* (§_?o -^^^--g^ x Moha^glmp. k".„cs
Miscellaneous skirt length flouncing.. »Bc yard M/ Jgf JCT^ _----^^ » Silk g[mp Bel'ings.
... ._. „ — „,_ ,i t i-_.« ,J£k \^£yGoOD OOOO^^^ Beaded passementeries Casings.'
Have you asked to see the new Dein el Linen ' -^Sta**^" __™. Bands. Silk passementeries,
Mesh Dress Shield? A little health-giving • . nnr , -. . — -__ ___ . 0 . . Trimming braids. Braids.
nave hem 0r your new dress. Just as well 937-947 Market Street; .  Sale begin, at Ba. _.
have them.
PRETTY GIRLS IN TABLEAUX
AT THE GINGERBREAD FETE
Artistic Booths Stock
ed With Dainty Bits,
Where the Visitor
and His Money
May Soon Be
Parted.
C ,- -)HK gingerbread fete for the
\ benefit of the Children's Hos
pital was Inaugurated yester
l day afternoon under the most
pleasant surroundings in Gold
en Gate Hall. The afternoon ; hardly
found the ladies prepared to entertain
their guests, but by evening every
thing was in perfect order and run
ning as smoothly as though tho enter
tainment was a full week. old.
For the opening day it was a splen
did attendance. Fashion has lately
decreed that I openings are no longer
the* very swellest affairs, and judging
by that it is evident that before the
fete comes to Its happy conclusion the
hall will be unable to hold those as
sembled, and that money will pile up
and fill to overflowing the capacious
coffers of the. worthy charity.
The programme arranged for the
evening went off with remarkable
success. The "Clippings From Life"
and "Miniatures" ; were beautifully
posed, and the curtain was parted
again and again to the merry tune of
palm to palm thunder.
The arrangements of the hall com
bine at once beauty and comfort, the
booths ranged round the walls, making
a background of brilliant colors. From
the door where you hand in your paste
board to the stage that bounds the
further extremity of the hall Is one
long line of artistic effects.
Variety must- have been the watch
word of the skillful decorators that
converted the plain bare hall into the
gorgeous fete. No one booth resem
bles the other. Each has a distinctive
feature particularly. appropriate to its
kind, making comparison -impossible.
One booth is only prettier than an
other Judged from an individual stand
point, and there is enough diversity to
please all tastes. More than a dozen
booths filled with' comely matrons and
fascinating belles appealed to the fash
ionable assemblage- and each booth
did a thriving business. -
In addition to the booths there are
the art gallery, with its wealth of rare
art works; the "hospitable table," a
miniature reproduction of the bene
fited institution, and looked after by
Mrs. Merrill, the Misses Leontine and
Juliette Smith, the. Misses Hughes and
Miss Bates; the wonderful doll house,
for which little Whittier Bothin dis
poses of raffle tickets, and the Bedouin
tent, with its Oriental Inscription, be
neath * which the palmist reads your
past and predicts wonders for the
future. Miss McNeil read the . palms
last- evening, but to-night the great
Foeselli will be on hand. .
The programme in full yesterday
evening was as follows:
Selection from "The Serenade".... Herbert
-Neapolitan Mandolin and Guitar Club.
Miniature .."Marie Antoinette"
Mrs. W. MayoNewhall.
Clipping from "Life".......... "If—"
Miss Eells and Paxton Howard-
Miniature "Empress Josephine"
Miss Gladys Merrill.
Clipping from . "Life".... "Welcome Back"
Miss Bertha Smith and Charles Stone.
Miniature "A Colonial Belle"
. .:;\\v' .-.-•'.. Miss Morgan.
Clipping from "Life"
"Wonders of Palmistry"
Miss F. Sharon and Fred Greenwood.
Miniature '. "Mme. Lebrun"
Miss Follls. ,:,.-_-•*..
Clipping from "Life"
• "Too Good to Live" ,
Miss Therese Morgan and Percy King.
Miniature.... "The Duchess of Wellington"
- .'•' Miss ' Carolan.
Clipping from "Life". ."The Timid Lover"
Miss Collier and Ed Houghton. .
Miniature ."Mme. Louise of France"
Miss Ethel Dean. .v -.y:i
Clipping from "Life" -
..: "The Maiden and the Mistletoe"
Miss Drown.
Mandolin and guitar duet, "Norma". Bellini
• The Misses Theresa and Lily Sherwood.
Musical pantomime
, "Villklns and His Dinah"
Characters— Dinah, Miss Benson; Her
' Father. Mr.- Greenwood; Vlllklns, James
. Rosborough. Song accompaniment. Miss
Caroline Little.
Waltz, "The Highwayman" De Koven
Neapolitan Mandolin and Guitar Club.
An attractive programme has been
arranged for this afternoon. Miss
Edith Hanks will sing and John Mor
rlsey of the Orpheum has arranged for
the following, vaudeville artists to ap
pear: John Symonds, monologue; Miss
Wendel F. Dreyfus, balladist; Miss
Laura Taylor, violinist.
In the evening the Olympic Club and
the colored band of the Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry, that has • just
returned from Cuba, will be the main
features of the programme.
3-Day Specials !
CLARET— APRICOTS—
COCOA-WHISKEY-SAUSAGE.
HAMS, finest Eastern, lb lie
Regular price, 12V£c.
CLARET, Zinfandel, gallon 40c
Good, pure, wholesome wine,
No extra -charge for bottling.
Regular price, 75c.
APRICOTS, Evaporated, lb 10c
Latest crop, fine flavor.
Regular price, -15c. -
BREAKFAST COCOA. v*-lb tin 20c
Miller's Philadelphia, full strength.
Warranted pure.
Regular price, _c.
IRISH WHISKEY, bot 90c
"The Shamrock." put up by
Kirker, Greer & Co., Belfast-
Regular price, $1 25.
MORTADELLA, tin 15c
• Finest quality Italian
Sausage.
Regular price, 20c. '.-
Telephone and Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. I Telephone Welt 163.
m For the Best $10 Suit j:
1 1 tjT to order you must go to ,1
dm* JOE POHEIM.
1 1 _____wk For $---- you can get a •[
\< -_% -MSP fine, well made and well ,
' *^fig¥f§r trimmed suit at
l&j JOE POHEIM'S. I
1 , mMJH Will cost elsewhere $40. /
|™ All-wcol, stylish-cut i'
1 hi _ Pants to older from $4 i|
"N&MI JOE POHEIM'S,
1 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush '
' 1110-11 12 Market St., S. F. ' (
Painless Dentistry.
_______ti_. BEE ouR ISEW
iV^HTTWTH SEE OUR NEW
HHFlesh -Colored
*§w l3tes.
sA 1_ Cannot be detected from
_!^K B_F tno natural teeth and gum,
<S^V W thin and stronger than
Crowns, $3.50. Plates, '*5. Filling, 50c.
AI.I_ WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth st., Cor. Stevenson.
$100.00 REWARD
Will be paid for the re-
.. covery of the body of C.
P. L. LEICHTER, drowned
off the Presidio Wharf on
:-. Saturday, April 8, 1899,
at about 8 A. M.
: TILLMANN & BENDEL,
Jgsafc RUPTURE.
< ___' USB NO MORS IRON
VBBB___g_J_^^ Hoops or Steel Spring*.
B-^^raßHH^y'^ ' Rupture retained with eass
K— -*^_*^^' ana comfort, and thousand* r»di-
tt /JS^y call ' r CURED by DR. PIERCB9
% /_» % Magnetic Elastic Truss. CT Call at
y^g/tSgr . cf fie« or writ* for New Pamphlet Na 1.
MAQNaTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 _UxK«t at.. opp. -aiaca Hotel. 6AnFr-U-clac«.
-_—----—-—— — — — — —
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. 4
SPECIAL THIS WEEK
3 PIECE BEDROOM A|A m
SET, in oak. bevel O OfI _f iJ (J
mirror -™
OUR STOCK OF PILLOWS, BLAN-
KETS, COMFORTERS, ETC.. IS AS
FINE— WITH PRICES AS CHEAP— AS
ANYWHERE.
CREDIT ENABLES YOU TO SEIZE
ALL BARGAIN OPPORTUNITIES.
THE J. NOONAN
. FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
Above Slxtb. .1
Phone South 11. Open Evenings.
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of the Custom House In San
Francisco.
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
Commencing THURSDAY. April 13,
At 10:30 a. m, and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY ST.
We received imperative Instructions to sell
out this unsurpassed collection without reserve.
Do not fall to attend. Goods on view Wednes-
day.
TURKISH' RUG CO
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
LARGE SIMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritariiwa
Inventions or ideas. *
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities. Jl
. For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
1898--TAXES--1898
THE" SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 24. at
6 p. m., after which 5 per cent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m.
on April 22.
SATURDAY, April 15, positively last day of
receiving checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
San Francisco, April 6, 1899.
jggigjDß. HALL'S REIN VIGOR.4TOR
i'}__''^&y : -i Five hundred reward for any
jPT* TTJ case we cannot cure. This secret
_____ »_*<__ remedy stops all losses ln 24
sSa ___ hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
li*Fi PJllll tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
_____ $?*** Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
I BBLJBkJ Manhood and all wasting effects
rs. ' -.!■■__' or self-abuse or excesses. Sent
! sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $.">; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE. 866 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for
sals at 1071H Market St.. S. F. All private dis-
j eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
I__ '" "' " " : ! ~" /-*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS.- THiB
great Mexican remedy; gives health anil
«tr»B__th to sexual organ*. D-.-1. U. _-_s___»_