VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 1 .*><;.
KAUTZ LAYS
BLAME UPON
CONSUL ROSE
Says He Found That Official
Openly Backing Mataafa's
Pretensions.
— ♦ —
A MAKER OF TROUBLE
— ♦ —
The Action of the Kaiser's Repre
sentatives the Direct Cause
of the War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GEORGETOWN, Ohio. May 4.—
Frederick Kautz of this city has
received a letter from Admiral
Kautz. his brother; at Samoa, in
which the admiral recounts some
of his recent official actions already
known to all the world. By way of
information for his brother the admiral
notes that tho Berlin treaty provided
that in case of the death of the King of
Samoa the Chief Justice should select
his successor. This the Chief Justice
did last August, when the King died,
selecting his son, M . toa Tanu.
A revolution was started January 1,
and ' the English and American Con
suls had to make a compromise and
a< ept a provisional government to stop
the war with Mataafa and thirteen
chiefs in charge, who v ere backed by
the German Consul General and his ad.
herents." Admiral Kautz then adds:
"*■*■ "When I came I said to the +
"*" American and English Con- ■♦■
"*" suls: •You did this because *♦*
"*" you were too weak to do any- *♦"
"*" thing else. Now that we are "*"
stronger, let us undo the **"
* wrong.' and we did. "*"
♦ ■=■• 4.
+ "I had no idea of doing 4.
4- anything but holding an in- 4.
+- vestigation on what had been 4.
-*■ done here since January 1, but 4.
*♦- the German Consul General -4
■*■ was arrogant and unreasona- ♦
*♦* ble, so that I was obliged to do •♦
**" something or suffer disgrace, ****
"♦" even in my own estimation. -*►
+_ "I therefore concluded to do T. j
+ what ought to be done, and re- .
+ fer the matter to the Govern- *.
+ ment later on." .
Th- admiral says he followed instruc
tions literally and has no fears of con
sequences.
SAMOAN REBELS
LOSE HEAVILY
Fearful Execution During the Shell- j
ing of Vailima. I
AUCKLAND. N. Z., May 4.— Advices I
received here from Apia, Samoa, to
April 25 state that the rebel loss by the |
shelling of the Mataafan stronghold at '
Vailima by the warships of Great Brit
ain and the United States was quite
heavy. Many of the rebels were
wounded. The house in which the late
Robert Louis Stevenson lived was rid- I
died with shot.
On April 22 there was a sharp skir
mish between rebels and Lieutenant R.
A. Gaunt's brigade near the town of
Vailima. In this engagement one Ma
taafan was killed. The lines of the
.friendlies were attacked in the dark
ness at two points, but none of them
was killed. On April 23 there was 1
some bush fighting. Lieutenant Gaunt's
brigade^ numbering 900 men, advanced j
under _ hot fire. The enemy lost sev
eral men, the bodies of the dead being
dragged away. Of the friendlies one i
was killed and three were wounded. The .
British lieutenants, Innes, Hickman,
Shuler and Heathcote, under Lieuten
ant Gaunt, led the loyalists.
The New Zealand Government i
steamer Tutanekai had arrived at j
Apia with dispatches announcing thej
request of the international commis- J
sioners that the inhabitants peacefully
await the arrival of the commissioners, i
who are now on their way to the islands I
from San Francisco. A meeting of the'
three Consuls, in view of this message,
was held, but without result, the Ger
man Consul dissenting from the propo
sitions of the other two Consuls. .'*_ >~~
Admiral Albert Kautz, U. S. N. and
Captain Stuart of the British cruiser
Tauranga dispatched a message
through a French priest to Ma
taafa, ordering him to withdraw his j
forces outside Of a line ten miles long
and six miles broad. Mataafa replied
defiantly, refusing to withdraw unless
the German Consul and the captain of
the German cruiser Falke agreed. Ad
miral Kautz and Captain Stuart then
sent an ultimatum to Mataafa, threat
ening to compel th*- withdrawal of his
forces. In support of this ultimatum a
plan of action was decided upon. Lieu
tenant Gaunt's brigade was strength
ened and a heavy gun was landed at
Mulinuu and war rockets were got in •
readiness. Being informed of these
prepositions Mataafa made prompt re
ply, agreeing to withdraw immediately.
On April 25 an important meeting of
the King and his chiefs was held. They
were informed of the action that had
been taken by the British and Ameri- '
can naval commanders and gave it
general approval.
Lieutenant Gaunt's brigade is now
patrolling the prescribed area. King
Tanu visited Admiral Kautz and Cap
tain Stuart on board the American and
British ships, and was received with
the customary salutes on his arrival
and departure. Hufnagel. manager of
the plantation upon which the attack |
was made on British and American
sailors, resulting in the death of Lieu
tenant Freeman, of the British naw.
Lieutenant Lam lal and Ensign John
R. Monaghan, of the United States
cruiser Philadelphia, and two others,
is still detained on board the German
cruiser Falke.
The gun carriage from the Philadel
phia, which was lost at the time of
the engagement, has been recovered.
Continued en Second Pace,
The San Francisco Call.
THE FILIPINOS MAKE
DESPERATE RESISTANCE
Church at Caloocan, Ruined by Fire From American Guns.
ARE DRIVEN
BEFORE THE
AMERICANS
Brave Colonel Funston Was
Slightly Wounded in At
tack Upon San Tomas,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, May 5, 8:25 a. m.
— In spite of the peaceful
overtures of their commissioners,
the Filipinos vigorously resisted
the advance of General Mac-
Arthur's division from Apalit
toward San Fernando, righting
desperately at long range after
running from trench to trench
when driven out by the Ameri
can artillery.
The movement upon San Tomas com
menced at 5:30 o'clock in the morning.
General Hale's brigade, consisting of
five Oatlings, under command of Ma
jor Young of the Sixth Artillery, two
battalions of the Fifty-first lowa regi
ment, the First Nebraska and the First
Dakota regiment, advanced along the
road a few miles west of the railway
line.
General Wheaton, with Hotchkiss and
Catlings, under the command of Lieu
tenant Naylor of the Utah Light Ar
tillery, mounted on handcars, pushed
ahead, the Twentieth Kansas and First
Montana regiments deploying to the
right and left when feasible.
The .try to be traversed proved
the worst yet encountered, mil'-.- of
formidable marshes and many unford
\ able streams delaying the advance ma
! terially.
Both brigades met with resistance =.-
I multaneously on approaching the river
! near San Tomas, which is about eight
j kilometers from Apalit. The center
j span of the railroad bridge had drop
j ped into the river and the rebels had
I only left a small force to check Gen
i eral Wheaton, their main body lying in.
strong trenches in front of General
Hale.
Although the attacking force poured
a very heavy artillery and musketry
j fire across the river the enemy stub
bornly resisted for over an hour, ulti
j mately breaking when Major Young
shelled their left flank and then re
i treating along the river bank under
I cover.
Genera] Wheaton, in the meantime,
I tried Ineffectually to draw the fire of
the Filipinos In the trenches east of
: the track.
As soon as they discovered that the
j nature of the country would permit
only a few skirmishes on each side of
the embankment the rebels regained
their courage and fought desperately
for three-quarters of an hour in the
face of .the American volleys and a
rapid-fire fusillade until outflanked by
the Montana regiment. Then a general '
scramble ensued, most of the enemy
boarding trains that were in readiness
and the others taking the road to San
Fernando, after burning the villages of
San Tomas and Monalin. About noon
General Wheaton crossed the broken
bridge, cleared the stragglers out of
the villages and advanced toward San
Fernando. General Hale effected a.
crossing simultaneously, after a slight
delay necessary to repair a stone
bridge.
Our loss up to that hour (noon) was j
two members of the Nebraska regiment
and one of the Montana killed, and
Captain Albrecht, three members of
the Kansas regiment, two of the Mon
tana, four of the Nebraska and one of
the South Dakota wounded. The ene
my's loss was very slight.
After a short rest the advance was '
1 continued, General Wheaton encoun- j
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY" 5, 1899.
tering the flrst series of intrenchments
near San Fernando. The rebels now
opened a hot fire.
Colonel Funston of the Twentieth
Kansas was wounded; one lieutenant
was killed and four wounded while
leading four companies of the Kansas
regiment to outflank the enemy.
General Hale pushed along the road,
flanking the trenches. More than a
hundred sick and wounded men from
General Lawton's brigade were
brought to Manila from Malolos by
last night's train. The heat is unbear
able.
The Filipinos retreated toward San
Isidro, and it is expected that they will
make a stand at Arayat, at which
place the whole of the rebel forces in
the province of Pampangas is con
centrating.
It is reported that, impressed by re
cent events, the Filipinos are wavering
in their allegiance to the insurrection
and are likely to assume a neutral at
titude.
It seems that General Antonio Luna's
forces are destined to destruction with
in a few days unless they surrender or
scatter. The American army has been
skillfully posted at points of iir.mer.se
strategic advantage. The insurgents
expected them to advance on Balinag
by way of Quingua, and had furrowed
the entire country beyond Quingua
with the strongest sort of intrench
ments. Instead of taking this course
General Mac Arthur swung toward San
Tomas, the route to which as almost
unprotected. and General Lawton
brought his brigade in against Balsuam
from the southeast, covering the line
of retreat of the rebels toward the
mountains and depriving them of a
refuge upon which they had already
counted.
Genera*! Lawton captured 50,000
bushels of rice, an important part of
the stores established by the rebels.
The Spanish commissioners have
made another futile attempt for the re
lief of the Spaniards held as prisoners
by the Filipinos. Their vessels steamed
to the port nearest Dagupan. Fearing
to land they sent a letter to Aguinaldo
saying they were authorized to ex
change 15,000 Filipinos for the Spanish
prisoners. The reply was received from
Senor Mabini. dated May 2, saying that
Aguinaldo was negotiating for peace,
pending which negotiations he could
not discuss the question of exchange of
prisoners.
AN ENGLISH VERSION
PROBABLY OVERDRAWN
VICTORIA. B. C, May 4.— Two Aus
tralian newspaper men. who arrived
here last night from the Orient by
the steamer Rio Jun Maru— J. Rus
sell and G. S. Witton— gave the Times
the following account of their impres
sions of the American soldiers, their
present adversaries, and of the treat
ment meted out by the Americans tc
.the Filipinos: •
"The Americans,". Mr. Russell said,
"are treating the insurgents in a most
shameful manner. The sentries in
halting the unfortunates, do not warn
them. The general practice seems to
be to 'fire and then sing out.' "
A mistake was made during Mr. Rus
sell's stay which nearly cost an Ameri
can officer his lite. A captain, Mr. Rus
sell could not remember his name or
regiment, went out to his pickets and,
pursuant to the practice of firing and
then warning the comer, a sentry fired
at him as he approached in the gloom
and blew his chin off. Another step
and the unfortunate officer would have
been killed outright. _
"You never hear of these little Inci
dents over here," said Mr. Russell; "the
press censor goes through everything
the correspondents wish to send out
and the blue pencil obliterates all that
kind of thing. The Americans as a
rule have no love for the Filipinos and
if they had their way would summarily
shoot their captives. Of course there
is considerable to be said in excuse
of this bloodthirstiness. Several in
stances have been witnessed when a
band of insurgents came and parleyed
under a flag of truce with the Ameri
cans an/1 then treacherously hurled
spears at unarmed soldiers. But, all
things considered, it cannot be said
that the Filipinos are being treated
properly in the fighting. The Ameri
cans used Aguinaldo as a decoy when
the war was on with Spain, when his
trained. fighters who had so long fought
the Spaniards were of use to them and
then, to use the picturesque vernacular
of the United States soldiers, 'they
turn him down.' "
As for* the treatment of prisoners by
United States troops the following in
cident came under the ken of Mr. Rus
sell:
A reconnoitering party found three
insurgents just within the city trying
to creep out past the trenches and
seized them. One of the trio, a young,
and sturdy looking native, seemed to
be practically bleeding to death from
his wounds. The three were hurried
to the guardhouse and violently thrown
to the floor. Then their arms were
wrenched from them and they were
kicked around like curs. The prison
ers, expectant of instant death, com
posedly struggled to their knees and
chanted what seemed to be a prayer,
and then, springing up. bared their
bosoms and waited for the expected
blow. But it did not come. They were
hurled back into the guardhouse and
then they passed from the visitor's
view.
The soldiers of Uncle Sam in the
Philippines, according to Mr. Russell,
are homesick, and are thoroughly tired
of the' whole business. ... .
"Mark my words," said Mr. Russell,
"the United States has a bigger con
tract in the Philippines than they
thought they had and are liable to get
Into a hole before they get through
with it. The soldiers would welcome
any way that would give them a chance
to throw oft" their burden."
CROKER SAYS SELL
THE PHILIPPINES
LONDON, May 4.— 'What is the lat
est news the Herald has received from
the Philippines?" Richard Croker
asked, on the arrival of the steamship
New York at Southampton this morn
ing, and when I told him that negotia
tions for a cessation of hostilities were
still in progress, with some promise of
successful conclusion, he exclaimed
emphatically:
"Good; I am glad to hear that: but
we ought to get rid of the islands.
Spain did a good stroke of business for
herself in obtaining twenty millions
from the United States for them. They
were a continual drain on her. and I
think that we should either sell or
trade our rights in the island:, after
peace and order are restored. I do not
believe we ought to give away the
possessions the war brought us without
receiving something in return.
"I consider the scheme advocated by
the Herald for the exchange of the
Philippines for the British West Indies
a very good one, but England does not
appear to think it would be a good
trade for her. She has enough on her
hands in Africa. India and the Far
East without taking on more trouble
in the shape of the Philippines.
* "If we retain the islands and attempt
to govern them from a distance, the
question will figure very prominently
in the next Presidential election."
MORE CASUALTIES
REPORTED BY OTIS
WASHINGTON, May 4.-General Otis
reports, the following additional casual
ties:
Killed— Fourth Cavalry, April 23, Cor
poral John Golambeski.
Wounded— Fourth- Cavalry*, X, Private
James F. McGreevy, hand, slight: First
Nebraska. May 1, C, Private Paul Osaow
ski, hand, severe, accidental. May 4, F.
Private John D. Keeney, hand, severe, ac
cidental. April 23, I. Private Charles
Schaffer. leg, slight; K. William Gilbert,
thigh, slight; Leo H. Hunter, hip, slight.
DR. SAMUEL KENNEDY
MAY ESCAPE DEATH
English Convict Confesses to the
Murder of Dolly Reynolds, for
Which Kennedy Has Been
Condemned.
NEW TORK. May 4.— A special to the
World from Washington says: Dr. Sam
uel J. Kennedy, now under sentence of
death in Sing Sing Prison for the murder
of Dolly Reynolds in the Grand Hotel
last August, may yet escape the electric
chair. Richard T. Nicholson, now con
fined in Wormwood Scrubbs Prison. Lon
don, has made an alleged confession of
the crime, acknowledging that he mur
dered Miss Reynolds after a quarrel in
the bedroom where she was found. This
confession Nicholson sent to the prison
authorities. They referred It through va
rious official channels to the Marquis of
Salisbury, the Prime Minister. From his
office it was sent to Sir Julian Paunce
fote. thence to Secretary Hay, who will
send it, with other papers, to Governor
Roosevelt. It is expected^ the Governor
will grant a respite pending a full in
vestigation. Nicholson is undergoing a
sentence of eighteen months for misde
meanor.
Severe Earthquake in Greece.
ATHENS, May 4— Severe seismic dis
turbances visited the southern and east
ern departments of Peloponnesus ' last
night. The town of Liguditza was seri
ously damaged, many houses * being
thrown down.
EXTRA SESSION
NOT LIKELY
TO BE CALLED
The President Would Like
to Pass the Currency
Reform Bill.
— ♦ —
TROUBLES IN THE WAY
— .» —
Congress Might Worry Him Before
Peace Is Established in the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Since it was announced that
the (Caucus Committee of Republican
representatives had agreed at Atlantic
City on a currency reform bill, which
is to be made a party measure if it
meets the approval of the Republican
members of the Senate Finance Com
mittee, there has been a revival of the
report that the President will call an
extra session of Congress. It is urged
that it would be good policy to have
an extra session, so as to get the House
organized promptly and have the cur
rency bill passed in o. ier that the
transition from the old system to new
might take place before the beginning
of the Presidential campaign.
It cannot be learned, however, that
the President has any intention at the
present time of calling an extra ses
sion. I am assured by party leaders
with wltom he has discussed the situ
ation that the President wishes to have
all the time possible before the meet
ing of Congress to restore order in the
Philippines and to decide upon his pol
icy for the future government of those
islands.
While it is recognized that It would
be well to have the new currency law
In operation before the campaign
opens, the disposition of the Republi
can leaders seems to be to try to get
it up and pass it in regular session
rather than to take it up in an extra
session.
The details of the agreement reached
by the Caucus Committee are carefully
guarded from the public on the theory
that It would be discourteous to mem
bers of the Senate Finance Committee
for the House committee to announce
its conclusions before submitting them
to the Senate. There is reason to be
lieve, however, that the committee
found It hard to reach any agreement
at all, and that the measure agreed
upon falls far short of being a com
prehensive scheme of currency and
banking reform.
q _*_$_♦_ <*> -*- *.* _♦_<*>-♦- <*>. -*♦- <£. -e-^-e- fr
REPUBLICANS
OPPOSED TO
ALL TRUSTS
The Party Will So Declare
! in Its Next National
Platform.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Senator-elect Depews de
claration that the next .Republican
platform will undoubtedly contain a
declaration condemning trusts Is con
curred in by many Republican leaders.
- Representative Henderson of lowa,
who. If he Is not elected Speaker of the
House, will be chairman of the Judi
ciary Committee, to which any anti
trust bill would be referred, said to me
to-night that he had no doubt the Re
publican party would declare against
trusts in its next platform. He said
aggregations of capital engaged in va
rious industries were becoming so
enormous that they could not be ig
nored. »
A high official of the administration,
in discussing the trust question, said to
.me: "There is no doubt the platforms
of both great political parties will con
tain anti-trust declarations. I believe
the Democrats will make opposition to
trusts one of the principal planks in
their platform. They will denounce the
Republican party as friendly to trusts.
We will be ready to meet them on that
ground, however, and we will show by
the record of the party in the present
administration that everything possible
under the law has been done to re
strain trusts.
"It will be recognized that suits can
be brought when there is some proba
bility that the Government will win
them. We could go ahead and file suits
against every trust in the country, but
it would be pure demagogy to file suits
which the Attorney General would
know in advance would be thrown out
by the court, in view of its previous
decisions."
Three More Training Ships. '
NEW YORK, May, 4.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Rear Admiral
Crowninshleld has obtained the approval
of * the Navy Department to his recom
mendation to assign three more vessels
to the training - service— the Mohican,
Hartford and Monongahela. The Monon
gahela will assume her new duty as soon
as she has completed her summer cruise
with the cadets. The Mohican and Hart
ford will be stationed on the Pacific Coast.
WELBURN IN
THE CLUTCH
OF THE LAW
Fugitive Ex Revenue Collector
Captured After Many
Months.
HE WAS MASQUERADING
AS A PRIVATE SOLDIER
En Route With His Company for the Philip
pines When the Federal Officers Found
Him at the Presidio Reser
vation.
OSCA M. WELBURN, ex-Collec- '
tor of Internal Revenue for the <
Northern District of California, '
for whom the Federal authorities ,
have been looking ever since his :
mysterious disappearance more than a
year ago, was arrested yesterday at ,
the Presidio, where he was shunning
publicity in the garb of a private in
I Company, Ninth Infantry. U. S. A.,
en route to the Philippines. He is now
in the County Jail, to* await trial on an j
indictment of thirty-one counts charg- I
ing him with failure, while acting as i
disbursing agent for the Government,
to turn over moneys collected by him. ,
The arrest of Welburn, under the ;
circumstances, was as complete a sur
prise to the authorities as it must have
been to the fugitive. After his sudden !
disappearance in December, 1597, the
Government seemed to be unable to [
find any trace of him. He had dropped I
completely "off the map" and what few !
efforts were made to overhaul him were j
looked upon as purely perfunctory.
From time to time rumors to the effect i
that he was in Mexico, in Texas and
Alaska were circulated, but he managed
to escape arrest, and had he not had the
hardihood to enlist, knowing as he must
that his regiment was likely at any
time to be ordered to San Francisco,
it Is not so certain that he would be
now occupying a prison cell.
Welburn, or as he is pleased to style
himself in the army. Olan H. Bedell, ar
rived in' the city last Friday night in
i company with others of a detachment of
thirty recruits sent here from Camp Haw
ley. Galveston, Tex., where he enlisted
April 22 last. The detachment stopped
the first night in town at the Interna
tional Hotel on Kearny street, and on the
next day, undoubtedly through Welburn's
curiosity to learn how things had been
going on at the Federal building since
his hasty departure, his identity was re
vealed to one who put the United States
Marshal on his track. This person was
William E. Davis, a colored man, whose
express wagon stood at the Appraiser's
building during all of the time that Wel
burn was in office.
Davis happened to be at the Interna
tional Hotel Saturday morning, when he
was approached by Welburn, who felt
sure that his closest friend would be un
able to recognize in the clean-shaven,
sun-browned, stalwart, blue-uniformed
Olan H. Bedell the ex-Collector of
Revenue wanted by Uncle Sam. That is
where he made his mistake. Davis had
not been talking to him more than a min
ute or two when the impression grew
strong on him that the infantryman was
none other than his former patron, Osca
M. Welburn. \
Davis lost no time in conveying this im
pression to the proper authorities. He
hurried to Bert H. : Thomas, special
revenue collector, and told him what he
knew. He said he could not be mistaken
ln the strongly marked features of the
former Collector. Thomas, in trun, re
ported the matter to United States Mar
shal Shine, who began the search for th.
man. Shine took with him to the Presidio
on Monday last Deputy Mofiltt because of
his acquaintance with Welburn. The two
officers were unable to locate their man
on Monday and met with no better suc
cess on Tuesday and Wednesday. They
were greatly Impeded In their search by
reason of the fact that there are about
1000 recruits at the Presidio, and at that
time they did not know the name under
which Welburn had enlisted. Finally
Marshal Shine went to Captain Hardin,
who* has command of the casual detach
ment, for assistance, and that officer sug
gested to him that he look over the de
scriptive lists of the recruits who had re
ported on Saturday, for that was the day
that the detachment which had stopped
at the International Hotel went out to
the Presidio. *,' '._]'
When Shine read the descriptive list of
Bedell he declared his belief that Bedell
was the man they wanted. This was yes
terday. Bedell had been assigned to Com
pany I. of the casual detachment, pend
ing assignment to some regular regiment,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
| and was waiting transportation to the
I Philippines. Shortly after 2 o'clock yes
■ terday afternoon Company I came in from
drill. When fully twenty yards from the
i company Deputy Moffitt recognized "Be
' dell" as Welburn and declared that he
was the fugitive. When arrested the sol
, dier showed no surprise, but positively
1 declared that he was not the man the offi
cers sought. He said that he was Olan H.
Bedell of Alabama, and that he had en
listed in the army only a short while ago
; at Galveston, Texas.
Bedell's descriptive list • shows that he
! was born in Auburn, Alabama, is 33 year*
' and 7 months old. His occupation is
! given as that of a laborer. His personal
, description is as follows: . Eyes, blue;
1 hair, dark, slightly gray; complexion,
Ifr♦ » ♦ ♦-♦-»-» ■.-.;.-.._... '-♦-fr
•♦ . ♦
9 * ♦ ♦ • -♦-♦-♦-♦ -■*- ♦ -•*- •- -+-&~<>-9
fair: height. 5 feet 11*. inches. It shows
that Bedell enlisted at Camp Hawley.
Galveston, Texas, for three years, and
that he had seen no previous service.
The recruiting officer who enlisted him
is Second Lieutenant Ferguson of the
First Artillery. The descriptive list fur
ther shows that Bedell has a circular
pitted scar on the left knee and that he
has numerous moles on his back and
shoulders. On Monday Bedell drew his
allowance of clothing, and one noticeable
fact is that his signature for his clothes
bears no resemblance to the signature
upon the register of the International Ho
tel. The latter is that of a man unused
to writing and shows very little evidence
of education, while the former is a much
better specimen of chirography.
The men who came here with Bedell
from Texas declare that he never talked
of himself, and that they knew nothing
of his former history. They say that he
i was friendly and of pleasant address and
I that he was a good companion, but that
beyond this they knew nothing. Cor
; poral George Miller said that when Wel
burn came to the Presidio on Saturday
he told him he had enlisted last May in
the artillery. This, Miller declared, he
had since found to be untrue. Miller's
statement Is borne out by "Bedell's" de
scriptive list, which shows that the sol
dier had had no previous service.
One of the circumstances that convinced
Marshal Shine that Bedell was Welburn
was the fact that when he was examining
his descriptive lists Welburn's character
was given as excellent. This is only don.
in the case where a man about whom tho
recruiting officer knows nothing shows
himself to be possesed of more than or
dinary education and whose address and
general appearance is above the ordinary.
Although Bedell had only been in the
army since last month he has made an
excellent reputation for attention to duty
and general soldierly qualities.
As soon as possible after having made
the arrest Marshal Shine took Welburn
to the Appraiser's building, the prisoner
refusing to admit that he was any other
than what he seemed— a private in tho
army. Going into the office of Marshal
Shine, however, he met face to face Shel
ley Monckton. one of the deputies.
"Hello. Shelley," he exclaimed. "Hel
lo." replied Monckton, "you're quite a
stranger.''
Welburn persisted in denying his Idea2
LATIN AMERICA
IS NOT INVITED
Sroali Natioos Peel Hurt, but They
Will Have No Hepreser)tatives
at Peace Confererjce.
p NEW YORK, May 4.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald O
*.' telegraphs: The Pan-American Governments are very much exercised &
£*- over the failure of the Netherlands Government, on behalf of Russia. «
O. to extend Invitations to them to participate in the disarmament confer- g
H ence. * • , $3
8 Brazil, Chile and Argentina, each possessing a comparatively large «
V navy. feel thai they should have received consideration, and Mexico, S3
£•? which is deeply interested in the advancement of peace, according to
8 the statement of officials of its Embassy here, would undoubtedly
9 have been willing to send delegates to The Hague. However, there &
« Is no intention on th- part of any of the South or Central American «
Oi nations to force representation in the conference. g
»♦ Comte Cassini, Russian Embassador, assured me to-night that Bus- M
6 sia entertained only feelings of the wannest friendship for the Central Pi
*A nd South American countries. *J
M "None of them," he continued, "is represented to-day nt St. Peters- H
p burg? Brazil discontinued her mission a year ago, and Mexico's ren-re- fo
& sentative is absent. The original announcement issued by the Russian *J
**i Minister for Foreign Affairs regarding the holding: of the conference was $
R addressed to he representatives of foreign Governments accredited to O
** Russia in St. Petersburg. The absence of representatives of any of the sj
if South or Central American governments was responsible for the fail- X
O ure of those governments to receive invitations to participate in the 8
_i conference." £♦
08.ossO-*o«o % o%'o%o.%o^o'.v%PP*io»;o**o!io_ip % c«o-»o«w;o!SO!*cks« «
tlty to all who approached him during the I
afternoon. The news of his arrest had
spread through the building, and as many
Government employes as could get the |
leisure were on hand when the prisoner
was taken before Judge de Haven to lie!
identified a- the person called for in the I
warrant which had been sworn out by j
Marshal Shine. The courtroom was com- |
fertahly filled with men each of whom '
knew Welburn well and who had no diffi
culty in recognizing his well-known feat
ures under the tan of the recent exposure ,
to the sun. Some of them nodded to him I
and others approached to speak to him
and grasp him by the hand. Each and j
all of them he looked square in the eye (
without a glance of recognition, venturing
no remark to any greeting other than that
he did not know any of them and that I
they were mistaken in his identity.
This sort of reception was calculated to
shake the faith of even a Federal Vial
and several were not quite so certain that j
it was Welburn after all. Deputy Moffltt
was not one of these. He took th.' stand j
ar.d positively identified the prisoner as j
the man described in the warrant, and ;
that settled It. Welburn was taken back
to the Marshal's office, where he asked
leave to write a note. When he had tin- i
Ished it was handed to a district messen
ger, and the position that it was sent ,
to the son of the prisoner was confirmed
later in the day, win the boy called on j
his father at the County Jail. After that |
visit Welburn did not deny that he was t
the long-looked-for ex-Collector. He was j
asked if he persisted in denying that he. j
was Welburn, and replied:
"1 gue c s there is no dispute on that
point," Beyond this he refused to make
any statements.
While it would be Impossible to make a
mistake as to the identity of the prisoner,
once attention was called to him. those
who saw Welburn yesterday could not
help noticing the wonderful change that
had come over. the manner of the man
they once knew so well. He Is almost of
another mold, only the strongly marked
features being unmistakable, notwith
standing the fact that they are minus the
heard that graced the revenue collector
and that they are darkly tanned from ex
posure in a military camp. The blue eye
is unmistakable, as well as the long
lower jaw, while the bald spots that
marked Welburn as ma' years older
than the "Bedell" he claimed to be are
not to be concealed by the close hair crop
of the soldier. The life in camp has also
made a shapelier figure than that which
was so well known in the tenderloin in
Ihe halcyon days of Welburn's greatness.
It is above anything the figure of the sol
dier, erect, well knit, muscular and ac
tive, with all the gra*ce that mes from
attention to drill. The man looks many
years younger than he did in the days
of his trouble, but no one would say that |
he was as young as he entered himself in !
the army. He shows a number of years
more hat 33.
What Welburn has been doing with
himself is probably only known to him
self, although, judging from the ease
with which he had til? note conveyed to
the address of hi.- son it is more than
likely that the members of his family
have heard from time to time of his wan
dering
The fact that he enlisted is taken as
proof that he had little if any left of the
moneys that passed through his hands and
are said not to have been turned Into the
proper governmental channel. His phy-
sical condition shows also that he has
proceeded on a different career from that
he followed in this city before his down
fall. He shows all the evidence of having
led a sober life for months. He will need
the constitution he nas nursed since his
flight to enrry him through the trial he
will have to face.
The story of Welburn's downfall Is fa
miliar to every newspaper reader in the
State. The exposure came with t he sui
cide of Isaac Norton, who was his cashier
and who left .-> note saying that he was
short In his accounts to the extent of
many thousand dollars. This led to an
Investigation of the internal revenue of
fice and the subsequent indictment of
Welburn for embezzlement. He disap
peared before a warrant could be served
upon him and was not found for several
days afterward. He was brought to trial
and aft. many days a jury in the United
States District Court October 15, 1897,
brought in a verdict, of "not guilty."
Welburn was discharged, and while there
were rumoi*. that he would be indicted
for other alleged misdeeds in office, no
move was made against him. He must
have been satisfied, however, that danger
menaced, • for he disappeared about
Christmas time of that year. Some days
after his flight the United States Grand
Jury brought in the indictment under
which he is now held.
Welburn's bondsmen were Daniel M.
Burns ar.d Thomas H. Williams, who had
gone surety for him In the sum of $40.
--000. Suit was begun against them some
time ago to recover the shortage in the
office made by the defalcation of Isaac
Norton. That suit has not yet come to
trial.
Welburn will be taken before United
States Commissioner Heacock this morn
ing, when the date of his preliminary
hearing will be set. The prisoner will
probably be represented by Frank H.
Gould, who defended him in his former
trouble.
I"TE RESERVATION
OPEN TO SETTLERS
DURANGO, Colo., May 4.— The open
ing of that portion of the Ute reserva
tion located In Colorado occurred at noon
to-day, according to the proclamation of
President McKinley. Hundreds 'if per
sons were gathered at the reservation
line, waiting for the signal. Practically
all of them had selected their locations
beforehand, and there was little confu
sion and so far as known no serious trou
ble.
Prominent San Josean Dead.
BAN JOSE, May 4.— James M. Thorpe,
a prominent business man of this city,
died this morning of heart disease. He
had been ill for some time. Deceased was I
a native of England, 66 years old. Thorpe
had lived here twenty-two years. He was
secretary of the Santa Clara Valley Mill
and Lumber Company, and leaves a large
estate. A widow and fourteen children
turvlve him. ', * ,--<;,. --■ '
ON THE VERGE
OF STARVATION
Two Hundred Klondik
ers in Deadly Peril.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 4.— Unless
government or private aid is immedi
ately forthcoming for the last of the
deluded unfortunates who sought to
reach the Klondike by the miscalled
trail from Ashcroft, death will shortly
reap an abundant harvest at Dease
Lake and Liard post, where the 200 or
more surviving miners are making their
last stand against starvation.
So desperate is their position that
Alexander S. Brindle, the mall carrier
and Postmaster at Telegraph Creek,
and Andrew McGregor, a courageous
surveyor, took their lives in their hands
to bring out the distressing news, mak
ing their way down the Stikine with a
team of dogs when the Indians would
not venture on the crumbling, water
fnced ice. nd declared it suicide to at
tempt the trip.
The Information that Brindle gives is
that fully 200 men are confronting the
specter famine in the Dease Lake camp,
with not a dollar among them and their
supplies exhausted. The greater num
ber of the skeleton-like horses have
been killed and eaten, and when Brin
iile and McGregor started out the pack
mules were furnishing food for the
cheerless camp. This fare is varied
only by the occasional trapping of some
if the curs straying beyond the con
fines of the Indian villages.
A Hudson Bay post is 110 miles from
the scene of distress, and the request is
made that the Government instruct Its
management to relieve the distress.
The agent of this post, through his su- j
perior officer at Glenora, has furnished
the following partial list of the starv
ing prospectors at Francis Lake, Liard !
post, Mosquito and Black creeks, Dease
Lake. McDames and Porters Landing, j
all in the one afflicted district:
Francis Lake— F. G. Chapman, W. E.
Chapman, K. H. Baylis, Tom Handel,
Gabel Hansel*. Lewis Cohen, W. H.
Dunbar, Bros Bowman, Nelson Holmes,
Austin Butterwirth, W. M. English,
Pete Youngguest, John Ohman, Dr.
Tidiemann, D. McDonald. '
Laird Post— G. S. Henderson, H. B.
Piggott, Chris Stalger, William Jones.
A. Johnson, Black, John Ksson. G.
Anderson. James Forbes. Wlamore.
Larson, Sweasy, F. Dickson. Robinson.
B. Bagess, J. S. Cowan, Muller. Larra
wuy, George Gordon, Ross. William
Drain. Well brothers, A. D. Osborne.
Jamie«»on brothers, Mason, Dr. F. J.
Fulton.
Mosquito Creek and Black River—
Joe Mencher, William Hall. Charles
Macarty, F. Gregory, Charles Johnson.
Charles Barberas, William Crozier.
Walter Hokner, D. Paul, D. C. Mc-
Daniels, Fred Roseburg, Charles Mac-
Callu, N. R. Barnett, George Edging
ton, John Durver, George Adsit. J.
Kemp. . •* •"
Dease Lake J. Lang, McCoy broth
ers, Dransmon, D. W. Wright. J. Mc-
Donald. ■
McDames Creek and Range — D. M.
Hanson, Ross, Hayden, Tom Finnegan,
Stanley Hoston, Fleming, D. Mclntyre,
.Moses Pradhome, Dr. L. Dornhoff, J.
l'Hote, Derkes, Kenny, Hill, S. R.
Geddes, Grahme, J. W. I lines, Norton.
Hill, William Remus. Frank Aim. S.
Brakebill, J. W. Rafferty. Herman
Luck, William Dickinson. Nicholson.
Porters Landing— F. Mandt. Charles
Ash ton, Pounder, Johnson. Dan Vlncer.
C. T. Harvey, Joe Lamb, Albert C.
Winter, Harry Drinkw*ater. Laketon.
Charles Hellmoth, S. Rush. Brown.
Granger, Gibbing, S. B. Hunt, Ed Mor
timer, S. T. Warren.
QUEER RUNNING ON
THE REDDING TRACK
Black Bess, a Half Sister to the No-
torious Al Farrow, Mixed Up
in a Peculiar Race.
REDDING, May 4.— The last day of the
race meet drew a large crowd. The last
event on the card occasioned loud rum
plaint of the race having been fixed.
Black Bess was looked, upon as an easy
winner. Heavy betting was made that
Joah would take the first heat, which
herdid in :26*4. For the following heats
the backers of Josh failed to respond.
Black Bess won handily in :24"_ in each
heat. A good deal of money changed
hands. Black Bess is said to be a half
sister to Al Farrow, who was ruled off
the Bay District track a few years, ago.
and then went East. Both horses were
bred in Lake County. Oregon. Summary:
Running, a half mile and repeat—
H took both heats; Josh second. Time,
:50% and :51*4-
Running, a quarter mile and repeat—
Hadie won; Jem Mace second. Time.
:24"_ and :24*4.
Trotting, one mile, best two In three
2:50 class— Cap won; Mollie second. Time,
2:46 and 2:45.
Running, a quarter mile and repeat-
Black Bess won: Josh second. Time
:_.>'"_, :24% and :24%. m '
SLOT MACHINES MUST GO.
Los Angeles City Council Will Cer-
tainly Abolish Them.
LOS ANGELES, May The proposi
tion of the Board of Police Commission
ers that the City Council impose a pro
hibitive license on the money-paying ma
chines in places where they cannot be
reached by the board is not looked upon
favorably by members of that body, in
stead, an ordinance Is being prepared for
the absolute prohibition of all slot ma
chines, Including those which pay win
nings in merchandise. This ordinance
will be presented at the next me.etinng of
the Council, and one of the members said
-Jay that It will certainly be adopted.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Fill DAY, MAY 5, 1599.
MANUEL PLAYS
WITH CORSINE
. — « —
Kentucky Derby Easily
Won by Morris' Horse.
— ♦ —
MERELY EXERCISE FOR HIM
— —
THE MILE AND A QUARTER COV
ERED IN 2:12 FLAT. •
— — •
Twenty-Five Thousand People at
Churchill Downs to Witness the
Western Turf Classic
' Contested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 4.— The East
triumphed to-day, for the scarlet colors
of A. H. & D. H. Morris were flrst under
tho wire ln the twenty-fifth Derby at
Churchill Downs this afternoon, and 25,000
people cheered the son of Bob Miles when
Taral rode into the semi-circle and sa
luted.
It could not be called a great race, for
the much-touted favorite won as he
pleased without an application of whip or
spur or even a shaking up. It was an
ideal day for the big event, and all Ken
tucky seemed to have turned out to do
honor to the occasion and incidentally
back their own judgment, for it was a
packed mass of humanity not only during
the Derby but from the call of the first
race to the close.
Long, before the noon hour people start
ed for Churchill Downs in smart traps
and traps of the antiquated kind, and
when the fourth, the Kentucky Derby, to
which many* thousands have been looking
j forward to with an interest thor-
I oughly characteristic of the Ken
| tuckian, every place of vantage
;in the stand and paddock had a
human occupant. The betting ring was a
, surging mass, and a down on a football
: Held was mild compared to the elbowing
those of a speculative turn had to en
counter in their efforts to place a bet.
The Derby was the fourth on the card,
and when the bugle sounded Mazo, Man
uel, .lis Lordship, Corsine and Fontain
hieau came out in the order named
and each was applauded, even Fontaln
] bleau, who was not friendless.
Starter Chlnn had little trouble in get
j ting them away, for on the first break the
flag went down and the struggle for the
i honors of the twenty-fifth Kentucky
Derby was on. They were all in motion
i and bunched when sent away, with Man
uel half a length to the good and Fontain
bleau second, the others well up. After
a few strides Turner took His Lordship
■■ to the front and cut out the running past
the stand and down to the turn. He was
leading by half a length when they
: straightened out for their run down the
backs! retell.
Manuel meanwhile had occupied a com
fortable position in third place, hut after
they had completed the first half mile of
the journey Tar..! took him to the front
and Boon had an advantage of half a
length, with His Lordship second, Cor
sine third, Mazo fourth and Fontainhieau
last-
As they rounded the turn into the
I stretch Corsine moved up to second and
j Tommy Burns began work on the winner
iof the California Derby. The son of Riley
was a half length behind Manuel when
they began the final run down the stretch,
with Mazo third. His Lordship fourth and
Fontainbleau bringing up the rear. These
positions were maintained down the
stretch and to the wire. Manuel winning
as he pleased the wire. Manuel winning
he pleased by a length without being
touched. It was but little more than a
work-out for Manuel.
W. Gallagher and the horse Patroon
were ruled off by the Louisville judges
this afternoon. Gallagher is part owner
and trainer of the horse and refused to
bring him to the post when ordered. It
was a selling race, and Gallagher was evi
dently afraid seme one would run the
horse up if he won or claim him if be lost.
Results:
First race, five furlongs. Opening Scramble,
purse $400— Afamada won. Primate second. The
Lady in Blue third. Time, 1:09.
Second race, four furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse $:SoO— Lieutenant Gibson won, Atlanta
fceoond. Samaritan third. Time, :50*_.
Third race, one mile, selling, purse J4oo—Ma
roni won. Traveler second, Vice Regal third.
Time, 1:45.
Fourth race, the Kentucky Derby, one and
a quarter miles, stake $0000— Manuel, 117
(Taral), 1 to 2, won; < "ursine. 122 (Burns), 3 to
1. second; Mazo, 117 (Conley), 4 to 1. third.
Fractional time— Quarter, :25".: half, :50^4;
three-quarters, BIT"-"; mile, 1:45".; mile and a
quarter, 2:12. His Lordship, 110 (Turner) 10
to 1, was fourth, and Fontainhieau, 117 (Over
ton) fifth. -. • ; ■:,:
Fifth race, four furlongs, purse -Motile
Newman won. Unsightly second, Fairy Dell
third. Time. :49*!4.
Sixth race, mile, selling, purse $400— Rifle won,
Lennop second. Isabey third. Time, 1:44.
PHILADELPHIA TAKES A
GAME FROM BALTIMORE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
nubs— W. L. Pet Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Bt. Louis it 3 .786 Louisville ... 8 7 .588
Philadelphia. l 2 5 .717 Baltimore ... 8 9 .470
Chicago 11 C .647 New York... 5 8 .357
Brooklyn 10 7 .SSB Pittsburg ... 4 8 .300
Boston 10 7 .588 Washington.. 1 12 ..SO
Cincinnati ..7 6 .539 1 Cleveland ... 3 11 .'.14
BALTIMORE, May Errors of omission as
well as commission and stupid base-running
; by the Orioles gave Philadelphia to-day's
game, notwithstanding they bunched their hits
and Kitson become a trifle unsteady In the
' ninth. Piatt also had an off inning and In the
eighth a base on balls, two hit batsmen and
three singles. netted three runs for Baltimore.
1 Attendance, 1250. Score:
I Clubs— R. H. E.
1 Baltimore (_ I*> 9
Philadelphia'.'.'. .'"...\\\'..\".\\\\"..lo 12 1
Batteries— Kitson and Robinson; Piatt and
Douglass. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
PITTSBURG, May 4.— Woods gave only one
hit up to the seventh inning, when Pittsburg
got four hits and scored two runs. Clark's
three-bagger and r'lingman's wild throw scored
the tie run in the ninth. In the tenth Dexter
I made a hit, gained a base on the two following
I outs and scored on Ritch's hit. Attendance,
1800. Score:
I Clubs— R. H. E.
' Pittsburg 3 7 0
Louisville 4 10 2
Batteries— Hoffer and Bowerman; Woods and
Klttredge. Umpires— O' Day and Brennan.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Brooklyn and Boston
made a neck and neck race of it for six Innings
to-day. Then the Champions began to bat and*
! the home men to make errors, Boston winning
!by 10 to 2. Willis was ln magnificent form,
I while McJames let up toward the finish. At
tendance, 4300. Score:
Clubs- R. 11. E.
Boston 10 10 3
Brooklyn 2 6 6
Batteries— Willis and Clarke: McJames and
Farreil. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
'CLEVELAND, May 4— The Orphans had fun
with the Cleveland* to-day. winning as they
pleased. The game Was without special fea
tures. Attendance, 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 8 3
Chicago ......... 10 14 1
Batteries— Hughey and Sugden: Griffith and
Donohue. Umpires— Smith and Burns.
DENVER HAS SECURED
THE BIG FISTIC MILL
DENVER. Colo., May Manager Otto
C. Floto of the Colorado Athletic Associa
tion to-night received a telegram from
Brady and Julian, representing Jeffries
and Fitzsimmons, accepting his offer and
agreeing to fight in Denver. Mr. Floto
was in telegraphic communication with
the managers of the two lighters all day,
and finally secured their acceptance of his
offer, which includes a purse of $25,000.
The other details of the agreement were
not made public, but It was announced
that articles of agreement were mailed
to Denver to-night. Manager Floto stated
to-night that work will be begun at once
on an amphitheater capable of seating
15.000 people. The date or the meeting hsts
not yet been agreed upon.
HERBERT WALCOTT BOWEN.
T t
*This Gentleroai), Who Has Just Beer) Appointed Min-T
t ister to Persia, Was Coqsul General at Barce- 7
! lona Before the Spanish War. a
t i
LANGLEY'S NEW
FLYING MACHINE
Government Expert Has
It About Perfected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 4.— A Washington
special to the World says: Professor S.
P. Langley, secretary of the Smithson
ian Institution and Government expert
on aerial navigation, will booh make a
trial experiment with his new flying
machine. This airship has been con
structed with the $25,000 appropriated
by the last Congress for the purpose of
experimenting with and developing fly
ing machines under the direction of the
War Department.
Professor Langley's new machine is
being built at Quantico, Va., a short
distance from Washington, on the Po
tomac River. He is working along the
same line in which he has achieved
much success in the past and has de
veloped a machine which has demon
strated its ability to navigate the air.
Professor Langley calls his machine an
aerodrome and it is purely a "flying
machine," that is. It is something much
heavier than air and entirely different
in principle from a balloon, which floats
only on air of its lightness, as a ship
does in water.
It is patterned after nature's flying
machines, birds, and only differs in
principle of action in that Instead of
being propelled by wings it gains and
maintains headway through the me
dium of a propeller fashioned on the
i order of a ship's screw.
Professor Langley has chartered the
steamer Bartholdi and will visit the
place where his ship is building within
the next few days. The experiments
will continue until the machine reaches
such a stage of perfection that it can
be publicly exhibited and inspected by
officers of the War Department. The
machine is ready now for its trial trips.
A CHICAGO WOMAN
KILLS HER MOTHER
Says She Was Driven to the Deed by
the Elder Woman's
Act.
CHICAGO, . May 4.— Mrs. Augustus
Styles, after waiting two hours In a dark
recess of a hallway at the entrance to
Wallatt's Hall, Burlington street and
North avenue, this afternoon, shot and
killed her mother, Mrs. Catherine Schultz.
Mrs. Schultz was to attend a meeting of
the Martha Washington Prauen Verein,
which was held in the hall, and the
daughter lay In wait for her until she
came. Five shots were fired, three taking
effect.
Mrs. Styles, who is 35 years old. said
she was driven to the act by her mother
revealing a closed chapter of her early
life to Mrs. Styles' daughter, 16 years of
age. The child's parents were not regu
larly married, and Mrs. Schultz is said
to have disclosed this fact to her grand
child. The matricide has been arrested.
UNSATISFACTORY DECISION.
Omaha Kid Given the Verdict Over
Tommy Hogan of New York.
• LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 4.— Before a
house packed to the doors Oscar Gard- !
ncr, the renowned Omaha Kid, received
the decision over Tommy Hogan, the
crack New York feather-weight, to-night
in a 20-round bout given under the aus
pices of the Nonpareil Athletic Club.
The fighting was terrific from start to
finish. Gardner paid attention chiefly to
Hogan's stomach, and landed blows that
would have settled matters quickly with
a man less finely trained than the New
York lad. Hogan opened up an old wound
over Gardner's right eye, and the Kid
went to his corner time and again with
the blood pouring from his damaged op
tic. In the eighteenth round Hogan
drove his right on to Gardner's chin, the
bell saving Gardner from a knockout.
The decision of the referee, was not sanc
tioned by the majority of the spectators,
they believing that the contest should
have been declared a draw.
McXINLEY'S VACATION.
The President Going to Virginia Hot
Springs Next Week.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— President Mc-
Kinley decided to leave the city next
Monday, to remain away for two and pos
sibly three weeks. According to his pres
ent intention the President will spend his
vacation at Hot Springs, Va., as he is
suffering from a slight attack of rheuma
tism, and is feeling th.- strain that has
been on him for many months. He is anx
ious to enjoy perfect rest and at the same
time to avail himself of hot baths, which
will remove the rheumatic tendency. The
President and his wife will be domiciled
at the Homestead Hotel, as none of the
cottages at the springs are ready for oc
cupancy. The hot springs are only eight
hours' railroad ride from Washington, so
that the President could return at once
to the capital if any occasion arises fur
his presence here. .During his absence
the -id, 'at will transact only such busi
ness as absolutely requires his personal
attention.
PACIFIC CABLE SCHEME.
London Papers Blame the Govern-
ment for Its Dilatoriness.
LONDON, May '.—The report of the Pa
chic Cable Committee, which was issued
to-day, shows that the committee has
recommended thai the proposed cable be
opened end operated by the Governments
of the colonies Interested, and that the
general direction should be in the hands
of a manager in London, under control of '
a small board upon which the associated
Governments should lie represented.
The morning papers blame the Govern
ment—the Liberal organs severely and
the Ministerial journals mildly— for Its
lukewarm attitude ward the Pacific
cable. The Daily Mail reminds Mr. Cham
berlain. Secretary of State for the Colo
nies, that if the scheme collapses Ameri
can enterprise will probably soon supply
the deficiency by continuing the Honolulu
cable to Australia, in which event the
benefits intended for Canada would be
diverted to the United States.
Pomological Society in Session.
RIVERSIDE, May The Southern
California Pomological Society met here
to-day with a large number of delegates
present from various parts of the coun
try. Professor L. J. Staniler of the Uni
versity of Southern California addressed
the convention on the subject "Water-
Holding Power of Soil." An interesting
paper •in reservoirs and water storage
was read by T. S. Van Dyke of Los An
geles. President Kenney presented a pa
per on tree planting. At the evening ses
sion "W. C. Patterson of Los Angeles told :
about the financial side of fruit growing
and Edward German made an address on
foreign markets. The day's session was
closed with a discussion of the transpor
tation problem.
Lineman's Fatal Fall.
SACRAMENTO, May 4.-Charles Dur
kec. a lineman in the employ of the Capi
tal Telephone Company, met with an ac
cident to-day which will probably result
fatally. He had ascended a pole to string
a wire. The pole had rotted off at the
base and his weight toppled it over. In
falling his neck struck a wire guy, from
which he rebounded and fell to the
ground. It is believed by attending phy
sicians that his spine is dislocated and he
cannot recover. : _v
Killed in a Quartz Mill.
GRASS VALLEY, May Thomas
Merritield, 10 years of age, met a horri
ble death here this morning. He was at
work in the Maryland mine mill replac
ing some cams, when he was caught and
pulled into the cam pit. it was nearly
live minutes before the machinery could
be stopped, and all this time young Mer
rilleld was being struck and crushed by
the revolving cams. He was badly man
gled and died soon after being extricated.
KAUTZ LAYS
BLAME UPOII
CONSUL ROSE
Continued from First Page.
but the gun is still in the hands of the
rebels. Officials and leading residents
of Samoa who have been interviewed
united in saying that the charges
of inhumanity on the part of the Brit
ish which were made by a man named
Laroch are untrue.
A majority of the inhabitants are
highly dissatisfied with the cessation
of hostilities. They say that Mataafa
is beaten now and that the trouble
would be all ended in a week or ten
days were the advantage pushed. The
rebels are delighted at the delay, which
will give them time to refill their car
tridge shells and build more forts. It
is the general opinion that the islands
will be uninhabitable except for Ger
mans and Frenchmen unless Mataafa
and the rebel chiefs are -severely pun
ished :■:'-}
It is doubtful If British or American
subjects will give m..eh evidence before
the international commission, owing to
a fear that to express themselves can
didly would interfere with trade rela
tions. For this reason the evidence be
fore the commission is likejly to be
one-sided.
The statement by the German Minis
ter for Foreign Affairs, Baron yon Bue
low, that Mataafa was unanlmously
elected King is denounced in Samoa.
The rebels admit that the result of
the battle at Vailima was the great
est reverse they have ever experienced.
They were astonished by the manner in
which Gaunt's brigade sustained Its
position in the face or a • — -**"**"".. us
fire. They were also astonished at the
final shelling of Vailima, by which
many 'of the rebels were badly
wounded. : -.1
FIERCE FIGHT
WITH BURGLARS
San Jose Man Puts Two
Robbers to Flight.
. c
ONE OF THEM BADLY HURT
— ♦- —
HIT ON THE HEAD WITH A
WATER PITCHER.
♦
Made His Escape With the Assistance
of His Companion, but Left
a Broad Trail of
Blood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May Architect F. D.
Wolfe, who resides at 651 South Sixth
street, had an exciting encounter with
burglars at his home about 2:30 o'clock
this morning. He broke a pitcher and
washbowl over a man's head and then
threw him clown a flight of stairs. Evi
dences of the struggle were plainly
seen this morning. The hall and stair
way were covered with broken crockery
and blood. Wounds were evidently in
flicted that may lead to the burglar's
capture.
The burglar was no less a personage
than "the borer," whose work in San
Jose for months has baffled the police
and terrorized timed women. His title
is derived from his effecting an en
trance into houses by cutting out
panels in doors with an auger.
Last night he had a partner with
him. A hole about four inches square
had been bored out of the front door.
Wolfe was awakened by some noise
and saw a man standing in the door
of the bedroom with a lighted candle
In his hand. The man shoved the
candle in his pocket and started down
stairs. Wolfe jumped out of bed and
started in pursuit. At the head of the
stairs he met another burglar coming
from a rear room. Wolfe grabbed a
water pitcher and broke it over the
fellow's head. This staggered him and
Wolfe followed up his advantage by
using the washbowl. The fellow reeled
like a drunken man and Wolfe then
threw the man down stairs. In falling
he broke the newel post at the bottom.
The burglar made his way out and dis
appeared. After daylight the man's
tracks were followed by means of blood
spots along the sidewalk. A couple of
blocks from the house it was evident
from the footprints that his companion
had joined him and helped him along
: The police followed the trail of blood
i down Reed street to Market and then
: along Market street to the center of
: town.
This afternoon drops of blood were
found leading out Julian street to
Coyote Creek, and a large number of
officers made a thorough search of the
creekbed. It is thought the man took
refuge there.
The lower part of Wolfe's house had
been ransacked, but nothing was taken.
Some silverware was passed by.
"The borer" has been operating in
San Jose for four months. In that time
no less than fifty houses have been en
tered. But little has been taken.
AZOTE FOR SALE.
Monroe Salisbury to Dispose of His
Entire Stable.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 4.— Monroe
Salisbury has consigned to the coming
Fawig sale the fast gelding Azote and
his entire stable of campaigners, about
sixteen in number, and they will be of
fered for sale. Among the other horses
consigned to this sale are William Perm,
Who la It, Advertiser, Askey, Nora C
and Irony.
Opposes German's Peace Delegate.
LONDON, May s.— The Russian Gov
ernment, according to a dispatch to the
Daily News from Odessa, has addressed
a friendly protest to the German Govern
ment regarding the appointment as one
of Germany's delegates to the Peace Con
ference at The Hague of Professor yon
Stengel of Munich University, who just
prior to his appointment and again im
mediately after It, issued pamphlets de
j fending war and declaring that eternal
■ peace ought not to be the aim of cul
ture.
Need Not Advertise for Bids.
SAX ANDREAS, May 4.- -Judge Gotts
chalk to-day decided that the county gov
ernment act, as re-enacted in 1897, re
pealed section 3766 of the Political Code,
and that Boards of Supervisors are not
required to advertise for bids for. print
ing the delinquent tax list. The decision
was on an application for a writ of man
date by J. P. Snyder as attorney for C.
W. Getchell, proprietor of the Calaveras
Prospect, to compel them to advertise
for bids and to let the publication of the
list to the lowest bidder. The matter will
at once be taken to the Supreme Court.
■ - J
f Indigestion, \
ff IflUlgcSllOfl, %
Si * Dizzniess, Sour Stomach, vl
Bl Headachy Impaired Appetite, \||
m Heartburn, Disturbed Sleep, IB
P$ Flatulency, Coat.d Tongue, |3
111 C stiv.nes?, Bloating, IM
% Hudyan Cures. JJ
xO-\ ""-"" *^^— - • /Em
© O
_ HUDYAN strengthens and stimulates these glands that furnish the element* a
9 necessary In the digestion of food. HUDYAN cures all stomach disorders, and pre- 9
q vents those serious heart complications which make Indigestion a thin* to be dread- Q
" cd. HUDYAN enriches the blood and restores the Blow of health t 0 pale com- _*
CJ plexieiis. ©
f. , BIGGS, Cal | BACRAMENTO, Cal. -»
-***■ Dear Doctors: lam a new man since I Dear Doctors- Every one who la trou- 9
O I took HUDTAN. My appetite ls splendid I bled with indigestion and chronic con- q
a »nd I de not suffer any more. The ir- j Btlpatlon should know of your HUDYAN. «
9 regular fluttenngs of my heart are cured It has cured me entirely I have been in O
0 also lam so glad that look *™*°- splendid healt™ ' e*er • since 1 took HUP- Q
; n AN * 080 - MILLER. yan. I feel splendid. m '_,;. W
: 9 .-'.l/ ; UK*". L. J. TAYLOR. . q
O HUDYAN is for sale by druggists-:*., a package or six pack* for $2 50. . ,.., Q
© rr>¥ IS dru eg«t. does not keep HUDTAN. -.; direct to the HUDTAN REM- "
« EDI CO.. cor. Stockton, Ellis and Mar sts.. San Framd-vo, Cal. O
"* YOU HAVE T_-E PRIVILEGE OF CONSULTING THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ©
O ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. Q
(.COCOOOCOOOOCOOQOOO GO 000000000000000
"-'■_.* ' . ■ - ■-■'.'£'■ s*-.' S ---»:.•: ' '-'. :-'
MUST DIE ON
THE GALLOWS
Rev. Ceo. E. Morrison's
Sentence Affirmed.
ACTION OF TEXAS COURTS
— ♦- —
CONDEMNED MAN CONVICTED OF
POISONING HIS WIFE.
♦
Formerly Lived in This State, Wher
He Married the Woman He
Murdered— Cold-Blooded
Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex.. May 4.— The Court of
Criminal Appeals here to-day affirmed
the death sentence of Rev. George E.
Morrison, who murdered his wife a few
months ago at Panhandle City, Texas,
by strychnine poison.
This is one of the most remarkable
murder cases in the criminal annals of
Texas. Rev. Mr. Morrison was born and
reared in Massachusetts, and his father
is a presiding elder of the Methodist
church in California. The condemned
man lived for some time in that State
and was married there to the woman
he afterward poisoned. They removed
to Panhandle City about four years ago
and Rev. Mr. Morrison was placed in
charge of the Methodist congregation.
He was held in high esteem by the peo
ple and his domestic life was apparent
ly happy.
A year or more ago he went to Kan
sas City, Mo., to undergo medical treat
ment. While there he met a young lady
who was one of his schoolmates in his
boyhood days, and to whom he had
been engaged before leaving his Mas
sachusetts home. The spark of love
was rekindled in the breast of the
Texas minister and without telling the
woman of his wife in Texas he began
paying her ardent attention. He told
her he was a wealthy cattleman and
had a large ranch in Texas. He re
turned to his wife in Panhandle City
in the course of a few weeks and pro
ceeded to carry on a correspondence
with his sweetheart, mailing his letters
from a neighboring town.
It is alleged in the statement of facts
in the case that the convicted man
carefully planned the murder. He
waited until the physicians in the town
were temporarily absent and then ad
ministered the fatal drug. Immediately
after the funeral Morrison left for
Kansas City. Suspicions were aroused
and the body was disinterred and an
analysis of the stomach revealed that
death was due to strychnine poison.
Morrison heard of the proceedings and
fled from Kansas City. He was pur
sued through several Western States
and Mexico and finally retraced to
Kansas City, where his arrest occurred.
On his person was found forged deed*?
to large ranch properties in Texas,
which he had used to make his intended
in Kansas City believe he was a man
of wealth. When his trial came off the
man's father wrote to the court offi
cials declining to aid his son for the
expressed reason that he believed him
guilty. The date of the hanging will
be set when the criminal court mandate
reaches the trial court.
ROHDER PREFERRED DEATH.
Henry Rohder. a canvasser for the sale
of bottled beer for J. H. Hall, agent for
the Fredericksburg Brewery, committed
suicide yesterday afternoon by shooting
himself with a pistol in the temple.
Rohder was driving «a bottled beer
wagon for Hall, and stopped at Barney
Farley's old resort on the Ingleside road
to solicit orders, as was his custom. He
was drunk, and when he asked the bar
tender whether he wanted any bottled
beer the latter replied that he might bring
in a case if he had not drunk it all him
self. Rohder, with the half-maudlin re
mark, "Lots of beer," stepped into Do
toilet and placing a pistol to his right
temple discharged it and fell dead upon
the floor.
His employer says that P.ohder had a
quarrel with his wife the evening previ
ous and went into the barn and slept
there. The dead man resided with his
wife and two children at 1539 Treat ave
nue, and was about 40 years old.
A Victim of the Chilkat.
EUREKA, May 4.— The body found near
Oil Creek yesterday has been identified
as that of E. J. Boland, a traveling job
printer, who was lost on the Chilkat. The
identification was made by laundry marks
on his drawers. Deceased came here from
Marysvllle and . worked on the Daily
Times for two months. He was a mem
! ber of the Typographical Union. He was an
American, aged about 13 years. This is
the second body recovered from th©
wreck. The remains were interred at
Ferndalo this morning.SANTA FE
TO ENTER
THIS CITY
Freight Will Be Hauled
Through From Los An
geles by July 1.
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS
— * —
Early in August It Is Probable
Passenger Trains Will Be
Running.
Sreoial Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 4.— Shippers
have been formally notified that con
signments for through delivery upon
all Valley road stations as far north
as San Francisco will be received on
and after July 1. as the Santa Fe will
be prepared to haul freight in and out
of San Francisco over its own track
by the date given.
It was stated at Santa Fe headauar- I
ters to-day that passenger trains are |
to be run in and out of Los Angeles I
earlier than is generally expected. One i
authority gave ,■,,. date as August 1"'. I
Tunnel work on the Valley road be- ■
tween San Francisco and Stockton is |
being rushed to completion and no time j
is ing lost in other branches of con- I
struct j
The story has been revived that as j
soon as the Santa Fe is running solid
trains between Chicago and the Pacific j
Coast, several ■:' the genera] offices will j
l>e moved from Los Angeles to San j
Francisco. The general manager's I
office will, it is said, remain here, while
the legal and auditing departments !
may also stay where they are. The i
passenger and freight bureaus, how
ever, may be taken north for good.
The papers consolidating the South
ern California, Santa Fe Pacific and
Valley roads for operation under one
management have not been filed and i
will not be until after the end of the :
fiscal year, by which time President ,
Ripley will have returned to Chicaco
from Europe.
General Manager W. G. Net-in of the
Santa Fe Pacific, H. C. Whitehead,
general manager of the Santa Fe sys
tem. W. E. Bagley, auditor, and God
trey Holterhoff, treasurer of the South- I
crn California and Santa Fe Pacific,
leave to-night for San Francisco, where
they go to check up the accounts of
the Valley road, preparatory to the in
corporation of that line as part of the I
Santa Fe system.
_
There is much in the way of railroad j
business waiting upon the return from.
Europe of President F. *-*. Ripley of,
the Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe. The
final consolidation of the Santa Fe with |
the San Joaquin Valley road and the rati- i
ticatlon of the deals by which the system I
acquires certain California franchises and I
trackage privileges from the Southern
Pacific and other local lines are matters';
all waiting his consideration.
Tho proposition of newest interest lo- j
cally, however, Is the proposed line of
trans-Paclflc steamers the company in-:
tends to operate In conjunction with its
transcontinental line. The announcement
that the Santa Fe would soon have es- \
tablished a San Francisco branch of its ■
shipping business came out from the East
a week ago in a dispatch carrying meager
details of the plan.
In the past few days, however, further i
particulars have drifted to the coast, and
the scheme is creating considerable talk
on the street. As far as the company's
plans are known, it is the intention to
start with but one steamer — of those
now building at the Cramps* shipyards—
to be run ln conjunction with the line now
plying between San Diego and Asiatic
points. The vessel will be put on about '
July 1. and others will follow it as busi
ness increases. It is not the intention of
the company to abandon its San Diego
terminal, as It has been a success in every
respect. The new line is to be a branch of :
that service and nothing more.
STANFORD TO HAVE A
COMPLETE LAW COURSE
Arrangements Perfected to Offer to
Students Thorough Prepara
tion for Practice.
STANFORD, May 4.— Hitherto the de
partment of law has attempted only to
give courses equivalent to the lirst year
work of the lust law schools; but it is
now possible and the time seems oppor
tune to begin complete law school work.
For the present the plan will be to have
three years' work In law, one of which
may be completer] by the undergraduate,
ami which will be required work for th*j
degree of bachelor Of arts in law. and the
other two years will be graduate work
leading to the degree of bachelor of laws,
The aim Is to offer to graduates of the
university the complete preparation for
practice which they have hitherto had to
seek elsewhere, and to provide the grad
uates of other universities a full law
course. The undergraduate work will be
so arranged that the undergraduate may
pursue it part 'of each year, beginning
■frith tha second ear in the university,
m- i l ♦ • students entering the law depatt
ment from other universities will be able
a to take all the undergraduate work dur
' !np their lirst year in the department.
Next year the building which is at pres
ent used for a library will be occupied
entirely by the law department. It will
be subdivided Into suitable reception
rooms, offices and study rooms.
GERMAN SOLDIERS
LAND IN CHINA
It Is Believed They Propose to Oc-
cupy the Whole Province
of Shantung.
SEATTLE. May 4.-The steamship Rio
Jun Maru, which arrived this afternoon
from Japan and China, brings Oriental
newspapers of date as late as April 19
Telegrams from Peking and Shanghai
in the native Japanese papers give fur
ther particulars respecting the occupation
of Ichao by German troops. It appears
from one .if the Shanghai telegrams thai
two or three Germans were attacked by
bandits near hao and on March " i _
German force numbering 300 occupied Ji
sao district and marched to the village
where the Germans were assaulted. Th.'
Tsung LI Yarn.-!, has telegraphed Ins true
tions to the Chinese Minister in Berlin
to Inquire of the German Government
why troops have been landed in the
Slyintung province, south of Kiaochau
Bay.
A Peking telegram states that the Ger
man troops which proceeded to Ichao
numbered 120. Forces of the same
strength have been stationed at Jisao and
Among, making In all a force of 360. At
Shanghai the landing of these troops is
regarded as a step toward the occupation
il the whole province of Shantung.
Woman's Suffrage Defeated.
HARTFORD, Conn.. May 4.-The Con
necticut House of Representatives has
defeated the bill providing for woman's
suffrage by a vote of 103 to 60.
GAGE DISPLEASES
LOS ANGELES MEN
LOS ANGELES, May 4.— While the
Republicans feel annoyed that- in
his sudden departure for the
north on Monday Governor
Henry T. Gage gave them the
slip, they are wholly unprepared for
the news that politicians who returned
from San Francisco to-day bring from
i the seat of war. The few who enjoyed
I the confidence of the executive express
surprise that the best portion of the
loaves and fishes are to be distributed
during the present council of the Re
publican leaders, and the select of Los
Angeles who one** stood high in party
confabs do not conceal their chagrin at
' being set aside.
"As the Governor holds daily con
sultations with Dan Burns we can only
hope," said a well-known leader of the
push to-day, "that after the colonel has
finally revised and approved the slate
the Governor may be permitted to pro
ceed to Sacramento and from that point
make public the list of the fortunate."
Frank P. Flint, who returned from
San Francisco to-day, says that he is
out of politics entirely and that nothing
, can induce him to re-enter the game.
■"1 saw Governor Gage surrounded by
j a drove of job-seekers," said Flint,
j and as the executive brushed his
i fingers through his locks he listened to
! the pleadings of those who asked for
j official crumbs."
The possibility of Dan Burns being
j appointed to fill the vacancy in the
| United States Senate received ad
| ditional strength to-day when it was
j stated Colonel Burns has received word
j from no less a Republican leader than
1 Senator Thomas ('. Piatt of New York
| to the effect that Matthew Stanley Quay
is to be seated as a Senator from Penn-*
! sylvania, and also that Burns can de
-1 pend upon obtaining a seat In the Sen
' ate, provided he secures a commission
! from the Governor of California.
Marcus A. Hanna is reported to have
i sent similar word to Burns, in addition
| to which the colonel has a letter from
j the private secretary of Senator Quay
! to the effect that a poll- of the Senate
1 has shown in advance that Quay is to
! be permitted to represent Pennsylvania
■ as a United States "Senator for at least
I another two years. The secretary re-
I ferred to is a son of J. B. Wright, Sur
veyor General of California, and he has,
therefore, added Interest in the situa
tion in this State.
LOST THE GEMS
AND THE GIRL
Why a Swell Wedding
Was Abandoned.
■
■ — ♦ — ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, May 4.— About two years
ago Miss Jessie Swope Staines met Sam
uel Healey Gilbert. A year ago they be
came engaged to be married. Young Gil
bert was only 19 and he had little or no
money, but his father had promised him
that when he desired to marry he would
give him a start in life. So when Gilbert
decided that Miss Staines, the pretty
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
Bremba Staines, society people, living at
1070 South Orange Grove avenue, Pasade
na's swellest street, was the girl for him,
he gave her a handsome ring.
Gilbert went East a short time ago to
arrange for his marriage, which was to
take place Wednesday. April 26, at All
Saints' Episcopal Church, in this city. Mr.
and Mrs. Staines bad the invitations
printed and sent to their friends. Young
Gilbert, upon going to Evansville. Ind.,
found that his father had failed and
could not provide for his son.
Gilbert was at his wit's end. He saw
his bride slipping away from him; he
knew the invitations to the wedding were
in the hands of the printer. He had no
money, but he had an aunt, and the aunt
had some valuable diamonds. Gilbert was
tempted, yielded, took the diamond! and
set forth for Pasadena to be married. But
the theft was discovered and detectives
set out hotfoot for the diamond thief.
Gilbert was arrested at St. Louis and
confessed. But the family, fearing dis
grace, offered to let him off if he restored
the diamonds. This he did. His friends
came to his aid and he kept on to Pasa
dena, hoping to get here before the wed
ding invitations were issued; hoping too.
perhaps, to continue bis engagement even
If the wedding was postponed. But the
girl's father refused to permit his daugh
ter to marry the young man. The girl
abides by her father's decision and GU
bert has returned home single.
THE ENGAGEMENT
PLEASES BOTH SIDES
Washington Society All Agog Over
the Betrothal of Julia Dent
Grant.
WASHINGTON, May Much interest
j is manifested in Washington society over :
the engagement of Miss Julia Dent Grant,
j daughter of General and Mrs. Fred D
j Grant, to Prince Michel Cantacuzene of
I the Russian Imperial Guards. The name
] of Cantacuzene is one of the oldest in
'■ Russia and dates from the time of the I
Byzantine empire, when Constantinople
was the capital. The name is now a ]
i familiar one in Russia and Roumania.
! The father of the young Prince was di- :
rector of foreign religions to the Minister
of the Interior, as all faiths outside of
the Greek church— the established church !
of Russia— are included In the adminis
tration of the Interior Department.
Prince Cantacuzene, who has also the
title of Count Speranskiy, Is related on the
maternal side to the late Prince Gorts- j
chakoff, who a quarter of a century ago !
was the "Grand Old Man' of Russia,
being Grand Chancellor of Russia and
Minister of Foreign Relations. The fact
that the Cantacuxenes own an estate near
Moscow does not signify that they are
possessed of great wealth, for there is
one family in that country of vast domain
which owns 2,500,000 acres and is not re
garded as rich. The youthful Prince .is I
said to be unusually talented and dis
tinguished. Russians in Washington are
particularly pleased over the alliance, as
they regard Miss Grant as not only an
exceptionally beautiful young woman but
one whose character and loveliness of dis- !
position make her an ideal type of Ameri
can womanhood. *' _ _
PARIS May 4.— Mrs. Potter Palmer of •
Chicago gave a brilliant reception this I
evening at the Hotel Ritz in honor of the
mother of Prince Michel Cantacuzene
of the Russian Imperial Guard, at which
formal announcement was made of the
betrothal of the Prince to Miss Julia Dent
Grant, daughter of Brigadier General
Frederick D. Grant, O. S. V.
The company Included General Horace
Porter the United States Embassador,
and Mrs. Porter; Ferdinand W. Peck, j
United States Commissioner General to
the Paris Exposition of UOO, and Mrs. ;
Rick, as well as other prominent mem
bers of the American colony in Paris.
Richard Harding Davis Married.
MARION, Mass.. May 4.— Richard
Harding Davis of New York, the writer,
and Miss Cecil Clark, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John Marshall Clark of Chicago,
were married at St. Gabriel's chapel here
at noon to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
/*■*■-*-*■ r\r-st-_r i -\_r*_\_*
GEORGE J. DENIS,
The Governor's Democratic Law Partner,
Who Was a Reporter on tr;e Los An
geles Newspapers in tl}e Days
When Newspapers Were Small.
BUSY DAY FOR
THE FORESTERS
Election of Supreme
Representatives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, May 4.— This has been
a busy day for the Foresters of America,
and the session lasted from 9 o'clock to
6. The election of supreme representa
tives occupied most of the time. Twenty
two candidates were placed, and the suc
cessful ones were as follows; A. Bolde
•man, San Francisco; R. A. Douglass, San
Diego; S. Shaben, San Francisco; J. W.
Saunders, San Francisco; A. Orfila, Tuc
son, Ariz.; E. I. Wolf, San Francisco; C.
P. Rendon, Stockton; J. Samuels, San
Francisco; E. Hayden, San Rafael; W.
Klinger, San Francisco; S. A. White, San
Francisco; P. J. Gray, San Francisco;
George Staffler Jr., Santa Cruz.
Alternates— F. C. Hensley, San Fran
cisco; John Cast era, Los Angeles; H.
Goldman, San Francisco; B. F. Newby,
Dixon; N. Landsberg, Tucson, Ariz.;
John Hamilton, Los Angeles; H. P. An
drews, Red Bluff; F. V. Severance, San
Francisco: R. Rasmussen, San Francisco;
T. B. Goodwin. San Francisco; D. W. Mc-
Laughlin, Berkeley; James Armstrong,
San Francisco; G. W. Derrick, Salinas.
A resolution was offered amending the
constitution to provide for the election of
grand officers by secret ballot. After a
protracted discussion the resolution was
defeated. A resolution was Introduced to
set apart $23 of the Grand Lodge fund
for the purpose of putting State organ
izers in the Held. This was referred to a
committee and the matter will come up
to-morrow, other matters of Importance
remain to be considered, and the Installa
tion of grand officers will complete the
work.
A grand ball at the Rose Carnival Pa
vilion on the Alameda will conclude the
week's festivities.
To-night a banquet took place at Wid
ney Hall and three hundred sat down to
partake of the elaborate menu. The fol
lowing toasts were responded to: "Our
Supreme Court," C. P. Rendon; "Our
State," J. Samuels; "Our Order," Abe
Wilson; "Our Next Executive Coutuil,"
Judge J. W. Hughes; "Legal Lights of the
Order," Hugo K. Asher; "The Ladles." F.
>'. Hensley; "Our Absent Boys," Senator
Ed Wolfe; "Liberty," John Heenan;
"The Press," Warren M. Johns; "Arizona,
an Independent Grand Court," A. Orflla;
"The Workers of the Order," J. J. Cordy.
BRIGGS' ORDINATION
WILL CAUSE TROUBLE
NEW YORK. May Clerical partisans
of Dr. Briggs in the controversy that has
arisen over his proposed elevation to the
Episcopal priesthood are coming forward
with offers of their churches for his ordi
nation. It was learned to-day that St.
Bartholomew's Church and St. Andrew's
Church have been offered to Bishop Pot
ter for the ordination service.
There is and has been since the be
ginning of the controversy a disposition
among the clergy to defer radical action,
pending a decisive movement by Bishop
Potter. As one clergyman said to-day
"The Bishop has this matter in his hands
and all we can do is wait until we hear
from him."
In spite of this, however, there is no
diminution in the intensity of the oppo
sition to Dr. Briggs' ordination: Prepar
ations for hostilities are being actively
pushed and the announcement .of the day
and place of ordination will be the signal
for an open declaration of war.
Eminent theologians nave been en
gaged for a week In an examination of
Dr. Briggs' famous work, and when the
occasion arises they will be prepared to
present properly formulated charges.
WANT BRIBERS' NAMES.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, May Virgil P.
Kline and M. F. Elliott, as attorneys for
the Standard Oil Company, filed in the
Supreme Court this evening a motion to
compel Attorney General Monnett to
make more specific the statement re
cently filed by him alleging that he had
been approached by persons offering
bribes if he would dismiss the suits
against the Standard Oil Company. The
motion asks the court to require the
names to be given of all persons who are
alleged to have been connected with the
attempted bribery, not only of -Mr. Mon
nett, but also of former Attorney Gen
eral I). K. Watson.
Death of a Novelist.
LONDON. May ,4.— Mrs. Emma Mar
shall, the" novelist, is dead. Mrs. Mar
shall was the youngest daughter of Si
mon Martin, a banker of Norwich. She
wrote a long series of historical novels,
the central figures in which w^-re such
men ;.s Sir Thomas Browj; " Her
bert and Sir Philip Sidney.
TIDE TURNS IN
DREYFUS' FAVOR
Dupuy Canvasses Public
Sentiment in France.
Sl>eclal Dlepatcta to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 4.— dispatch to
the Commercial Advertiser from Lon-
don says: Following Constans' course
in the Boulanger episode, the Minister
of the Interior, M. Dupuy, has just ob
tained confidential . reports from pre
fects throughout France regarding the
condition of public opinion on the
Dreyfus evidence and the possible
course of the Court of Cassation and
the Government.
The weight of the reports is that ex
treme partisans on both sides remain
unmoved, but that the latest portions
of the evidence have much Impressed
the large and influential body of opin
ion which previously inclined toward
the staff and expected it would prove
its case against Dreyfus. Men of this
thinking have, from the first, been
open-minded and honest. As Lieuten
ant Colonel Henry's suicide persuaded
them to reopen the Dreyfus case, so
later evidence inclines them to a re
trial before a court-martial. The same
body of opinion is still more convinced
of the need of a- thorough reform of the
i general staff and the retirement, if not
punishment, of officers that blundered
and intruded in the Dreyfus affair.
The temper which these' reports Indi
cate prevails also in the Chambers,
though the moderates are less strong
there than outside. M. Dupuy is shap
ing his course accordingly, and there is
excellent reason to believe that two or
three weeks hence M. Ballot de Beaure
paire's report from the Court of Cassa
tion will recommend revision and re
trial, that the court, perhaps by a nar
row majority, will approve it, and that
all this will be done with the approval
and co-operation of the Government.
M. de Freycinet, furthermore, is pre
paring a plan of reorganization of the
i general, staff, particularly of the
: intelligence department. Influential
members of the military party, espe
; cially generals not smirched by Drey
fus intrigues, are meantime urging the
Government, for the sake of the whole
army, to punish the culprits as lightly
; and quietly as possible, and M. Dupuy,
I with characteristic opportunism, is
nursing a scheme by which such mild
action, with the rehabilitation of both
Dreyfus and Picquart, may square both
! sides.
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
HAVE A NARROW ESCAPE
Excursion Train Near San Diego
Saved From Destruction by a
Milkman.
SAN DIEGO, May 4.-Although the G.
A. R. encampment proper closed yester
day afternoon, many veterans are still
in the city. Two hundred of them went
by special train to-day . to Tia Juana.
There they were welcomed by the Mexi
can Judge Zaxueta, who addressed them
in English. On the return trip the G. A
R. special on the National City and Otay
i Railway had a narrow escape. A mile
, south of Sweetwater Junction an empty
! passenger train went through an open
switch. Nobody was hurt, but the train
! was partly wrecked. The G. A. R. special
was- only a- few minutes behind and a
i sharp curve shut out a view of the wreck.
I A milkman warned the engineer of the
special, which was coming at a rapid rate
and the train was stopped.
This evening several hundred of the
! veterans and other visitors were enter
| tamed at a banquet at the Second-street
! armory. Speeches were made by Past
I Commander Cahen. Commander Dill Gen
eral Salomon. Judge M. A. Luce' and
j others.
ITS DIAMOND • JUBILEE.
Oldest Peruvian Newspaper Celebrates
Its Sixtieth Anniversary.
LIMA, Peru, May 4.— The Comerclo, the
oldest Peruvian newspaper, celebrated to
day its diamond jubilee and published an
editorial set *up by the same individual
who put in type an editorial when the
newspaper made Its first appearance sixty
years ago. American and Chilean Minis
ters and many other eminent persons
congratulated Senor Mlro Quesada, the
FEDERAL TROOPS
ARREST MINERS
The Men Flee in Every
Direction.
— ■♦ —
NO FAVORS SHOWN TO ANY
— ♦ — -
ALL THE STRIKERS IN BURKE
ARE TAKEN.
♦
Strict Censorship of Telegrams -.'re
vents Disclosure of the Plans
of the General in
Command.
-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, May i.— Troops
A and C, Fourth Cavalry, dismounted,
from Walla Walla and Boise, arrived
this evening. After a short halt here
both cavalry troops went direct to
Burke, arrests commencing immediate
ly. A squad was detailed as guard,
the balance of the men starting out.
As fast as men were found they were
brought to the guard and herded in the
streets. No information is given out,
but the expectations there are that prac
tically every man will be taken either
as a prisoner or a witness, his status
to be determined later. Many men
were taken in their beds. The day
shift at the Tiger mine were all taken
as they came from work. A special
train with troops left Burke at 7:30
p. m. with nearly every man in town,
twenty soldiers being left as guards.
The Mammoth, St "ird and Frisco
mines and the town of Gem will be
cleaned up while coming down the can
yon. The train left Burke with two
coaches and six box cars all loaded.
Mullan reports no arrests there to-day.
It is expected that arrests will com
mence there to-morrow. The moun
tains are full of fleein- men. With the
railroads all guarded the only safe way
out of the country is over the old
(Hidden road to Thompson Falls, Mont.
That route is lined with them. Some
take the road direct from Burke, while
others go by the way " Murray. The
road from there was ' _pt open nearly
all winter in hauling ore and is fairly
passable." Around Murray the fugi
tives also have the sympathy of a ma
jority of the people. This morning a
teamster met fifteen fugitives on that
road within six miles of here. This
afternoon the same man met fifteen
others. They acknowledged being Last
Chance men. but were frightened by
the report they had receiver! of troops
at Thompson Falls, and decided to
abandon the trip and are camping to
night at Monarch, three miles out.
They expressed themselves as feeling
had" that "hard working men should
be driven out of the country by sol
diers."
MARTIAL LAW IS
IN FULL FORCE
General Merriam in Person TaH-s
Command of Troops at
Wardner.
WARDNER, Idaho, May 4.— Four
hundred United States troops are on
guard to-night in the Coeur d'Alene
mining district and martial law is in
full force in Shoshone County, idaho.
While the Governor's proclamation, is
sued yesterday, has not been posted in
a public place citizens are aware that
martial law is. in force by reason of
the fact that United States troops are
on the ground to see that it is carried
out.
Brigadier General H. C. Merriam, who
arrived to-day from Denver by way of
Boise, has determined, if possible, to
arrest all those implicated in blowing
up the Bunker Hill and Sullivan mills.
While it is known that several of the
mob, fearing arrest, have escaped from
Shoshone County, a large majority of
those wanted are still within the
county.
General Merriam has been busy all
day sending dispatches throughout the
mining district, disposing of the troops
so as to protect property and shut off
the escape of those suspected of assist
ing in the lawless acts here last Sat
urday. Every avenue of escape from
the Cover d'Alene district is guarded
by one or more companies of troops
and the Federal authorities believe that
the arrest of all suspects will be made
without serious trouble as soon as
identification is possible.
One hundred and twenty-eight men
accused of participating in Saturday's
riot have been arrested and are under
guard of United States troops near the
railroad station here. General Merriam
has established a strict censorship over
the telegraph office here and nothing
is allowed to go out regarding the plans
for the arrest of the remaining sus
pects.
The taking of testimony in the Coro
ner's inquest over the bodies of Smith
and Cheyne, who were shot and killed
by the mob Saturday, was commenced
to-day by Coroner France behind closed
doors. Attorney General Hays of Idaho
arrived to-day and was present at the
inquest on behalf of the State. Im
portant witnesses on the stand to-day
were Sheriff James Young of Shoshone
County, Jamessß. Sovereign, ex-master
workman of the Knights of Labor, and
Albert Hutton, a Northern Pacific en
gineer. The Attorney General refused
to disclose the nature of the testimony
until all the witnesses have been ex
amined. ' .'.
The troops arriving here to-day from
the West are sixty men from Company
B, Twenty-fourth United States Infan
try (colored), from Vancouver Barracks,
Washington, under command of Lieu
tenant Murphy, and Troop F. Fourth
Cavalry, from Boise, under Lieutenant
Walsh. Six companies of the Twenty
fourth Infantry arrived last night and
to-day from the East and will probably
be held at Burke. Wallace and Mullen.
REPUDIATED ITS CONTRACTS. |
WOODLAND, May 4.— A year ago sev
eral raisin growers In this vicinity made
a contract with a San Francisco house
for the delivery of their raisin crops at a
stipulated price. Before the season was
fairly open the price began to fall and
the firm repudiated its contracts, and as
a result the raisin growers sustained
heavy losses. A lawyer has been making
an examination of these contracts, and
declares he can collect damages. A ma
jority of the raisin growers have about
concluded to bring suit for damages or
for the fulfillment of the contract.
Big Shipment of Sheep.
WOODLAND, May 4.— One of the larg
est shipments of sheep from Woodland for
many years was made on Tuesday after
noon by Miller & Lux. The drove was
brought to this city from a range in
Capay Valley, and consisted of 3500 head.
A train of thirteen double-decked cars,
which is equal to twenty-eight ordinary
boxcars, .was required to move them. The
sheep were forwarded to the ranch of
, Miller & Lux at Madera. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S' INHALER.
Relieves Colds, Opens Up All the Air Passages In*
stantly, Cures Catarrh, Sore Throat, Bron-
chitis and All Lung Diseases.
\ n_ x^ *~~* >«*•.<"" fPli
COME AND SEE IT.
COME AND TRY IT.
Free Demonstrations This Week and Next at the Following Drug
Stores :
i
No Percentage Drug Co.
DRUCCISTS,
949-951 Market St., next io Hale Bros.
G. Leipnitz & Co.,
Druggists, Deutsche Apotheke,
250-252 Sutter St., cor. Grant Aye . S. F. j
Geo. Dahlbender & Co., j
DRUCCISTS,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco. Cat.
Ferry Drug Co.,
Cut-Rate Druggists,
8 Market St., San Francisco.
The Grant Drug Co.,
38 and 40 Third St., cor. Stevenson.
cures"by
INHALATION.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the
nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the
inflamed and diseased parts, which can-
not be reached by medicine taken into
the stomach.
It permeates every air passage.
And at once destroys the disease germs.
It cures through medicated and vitalized
air.
It Is an invigorating tonic to the vital
forces.
A remedy which soothes, heals and in-
vigorates.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases
of the nasal organs.
It positively cures diseases of the throat
and lungs.
It enables you to cure yourself at home.
It renders unnecessary, any cutting,
burning or cauterizing.
It destroys at once the bacilli of bron-
chitis and consumption.
Its use is followed' immediately by a
sense of relief.
It enables you to save doctors' big fees.
oooooooooooooooooo!
*••?.*- PALACE *hp%\
%GRAND tt_r_\__i%
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. w
9 1400 Room?- v,i h Bath Attached. a
9 All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE TEE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. Bl. oo per day and upward Q
*. American Plan. s3.oo per day .and upward _
" Correspondence Solicited. 9 ',
O JOHN 0. KIR-PATRICK. Manager. O j
000000000000000000 i
NERVIT A 55? V ££_T \
/£&& "AND MANHOOD
%S^r\ Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
■ffi»_2S diseases, all effects o! self'abuse, or excess and
VV J_\ indiscretion. A nerve'tonic and blood-builder.
' lft **pSt* Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tie
Ja m^7 J stores the (ire of youth. By mail 50c per
fl_^_^ftL bozi 6 boxes for $2.50; with 3 written
I^rf*P"^eW guarantee ,0 cure or refund the money.
Omit- niedica! Co., CHnton « Jackson its., Cbicags.
E. 1~ Baldwin & Co.. Druggists, 8 Market, S.F. j
BR PIERCES '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.LSJMGS.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures I
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale. by druggists.. .
Wrist's Indian Veptatile Pills :
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cure j
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PAT-ON. Torpid Liver, We«& Stomach, Fta-
files and jwify tu-s blo-x^ i
The Owl Drug Co.,
1128 Market St., San Francisco.
Broadway and 10th St.. Oakland.
320 South Spring St„ Los Angeles.
S. A. McDonnell's
PHARMACY.
Drugs, Wholesale and Retail,
106, 108 and 110 Grant Aye.. S, F., Cal.
Edwin W. Joy,
, Druggist and Analytical Chemist*
Cor. California & Kearny Sts., S. F.,
Su-.essor to L. R. Ellert.
H. G. Gerdes,
Druggist and Chemist,
Deutsche Apotheke,
Cor, tine and Kearny Sts.. S. F.
The Baldwin Phcy,
119 and 121 Ellis St.. Press Club Building.
Polite attendants will be on duty all day
and evening to answer questions and dem-
onstrate its value. Everybody Invited to
give this inhaler a free trial. No trouble to
show. You are welcome to a treatment
whether you purchase or not.
All drußjiists sell them, op mailed to
any address for $1, with everything
complete
MUNYON'S
REMEDIES.
Sciatica, lumbago and all rheumatio
pains cured by Munyon's Rheumatism
Cure. Dyspepsia and all stomach troubles
cured by Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure. Nine-
ty per cent of all kidney complaints cured
by Munyon's Kidney Cure. Headaches,
colds and coughs, impure blood, general
debility, nervousness, all quickly cured by
Munyon's Remedies. The remedies cost
mostly 23c a vial, and are sold by all drug-
gists. There are 57 different cures for 57
different ailments.
Write Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch street,
Philadelphia, for free medical advice on
any disease.
Like a
Picture
Is a shirt and collar which are done "_*p
at our laundry. Rough edges made
smooth without Injury to the garment,
and perfect cleanliness in every detail.
In one bundle we'll carry conviction to
you.
The United States Laundry. Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
&_€_%&___-_*iM B - X *"■!**» **°**-poi-o--o-_a
<__Wo^^^9___ remedy for * Gonorrhoea.
VESQrcCKE-^S Gleet, ri rma t r hcei,
MsS_f in Ito i '•;■■ V Whites, unnatural dis-
M__\W G_i**an««-*«* m charges, or any inflamms-
■*•■ Dot to itrietare. "• tlon, irritation or ulcera-
P|--*|Pr«Tenu -**nta-rioii. tion of mucous mem-
HTj^THeEvassChemicuC-). brane*. Non-astringent,
tSJ^CINCINNATI,O .JKS| *■>•*> b * UraesiM-,
"WZfk c. 3. _ _SHs 2 r 6, '" t '" Plain wrapper,
<t^H______ _____PSH by f-'ipraee, prepaid, {of
'^ta^i &«
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
- . _
34
FIERCE FIGHT FOR
SPOILS OF VICTORY
Burns Chiefly Concerned in. Get
ting Commissioned Senator.
Major McLaughlin Will Resign the Chair
manship of the Republican State
Committee— Gage Goes to
Sacramento.
ALL the politicians and place
seekers had something to talk
about yesterday when they read
The Call's exclusive account of
the secret conference at the Pal
ace Wednesday afternoon, in which
Governor Gage, Wendell Easton, D.
M. Burns and Major Frank McLaugh
lin discussed for three hours the sub
ject of official patronage and its distri
bution.
When the fact was made known that
the merits of various candidates had
been canvassed, and that some of the
(•fflce-seekers who had been accounted I
as foremost in the race ere found un- j
acceptable, diligent inquiry was made
to ascertain additional facts relating i
to the com.: ence.
Yesterday morning a cruel hoax was
perpetrated on many candidates for the
lav. of the Governor. A paragraph
was inserted in a daily paper to the
effect that Governor Gage would receive
applicants for office at his room, 714
Palace Hotel, from 10 to '1 o'clock
Thursday. Many applicants who car
ried the Republican banner last fall,
and who had grown weary of long wait
ing in the vain hop of seeing the Gov
ernor to say a word to him, went to
the room indicated and found that ii
was the apartment of Stephen M.
White. The hoax afforded cheap amuse
ment for the (.-nlookers, but the victims
were very indignant. Mr. White was
surprised to receive so many callers,
but perceiving the situation promptly
dirtcted the visitors to the rooms of the
Republican State Cenerah Committee.
It was said later in the day that the
announcement to applicants repre
sented Governor Gage's idea "i" a joke'
at the expense cf Steve White.
Politicians of high and low degree,
were in the throngs which loitered
about the court of the Palace Hotel yes
terday. It was expected that another
conference would take place, but noth
ing of the kind occurred. Governor
Gage found it difficult to get a minute
for reflection. The pressure to see him
was so keen that one man could hardly
get in a word before another bruKe In
to advocate his own or some other one's
cause.
D. .M. Burns had an extended inter
view with the Governor at a table
in the grillroom at the close of a
lunch in which the executive was
joined by Wendell ston and J. K.
Wilson.
The story goes that Burns is so deeply
concerned in his own campaign for the
Senator_.hip that he Is not vigorously
pushing the claim of any aspirants fc-r
a State .office. He has been advised by
men whose friendship he cannot ques
tion that he should demand the issue
of his comniissioi* to be United States
Senator for California. He was told
by a plain-spoken adviser to go to the
Governor and speak out in this style:
"Let us understand each other, Gov
ernor. If you intend to appoint me
United States Senator issue my com
mission now, so I can go to Matt Quay
of Pennsylvania and show him that we
are fighting for a common object and
should make the contest together."
Whether Burns used this language
or not is immaterial. It is known that
he pleaded his own cause with a deal
of earnestness. Burns does not like
to be twitted with the suggestion that
a "gold brick" has been passed to him
by the Governor. He wants a commis
sion and wants it right away.
Men high in the councils o*f the party,
who have had in some measure the con
fidence of the Governor during the past
few days, would not be surprised if
Gage issued the commission, in order
to ..able. Burns to get in with Quay
and make a light for admission to the
United States Senate.
The current of the conference day be
fore yesterday ran hard against the
friends of Major Frank McLaughlin.
He desires that two of his friends shall
be appointed to office. His heart is set
on having one of the two selected. It
is understood that Gage will appoint
one of the men so warmly indorsed, but
it is not the one on which the major's
heart is set. An explosion may be ex
pected when the major is tojd that the
appointment he 'so much desires can
not be made. The office in question is
not that of Registrar of Voters.
There is a sharp fight for the office
of Registrar. The applicants are
Colonel George Pippey, Assemblyman
Rickard and Jacob Steppacher. It Is
the talk that Gage intends to do some
thing for Steppacher, but cannot ap
point him Registrar.
There is a strong belief that the ad
jutant generalship has been settled, and
that the Governor will soon name as his
chief of staff Colonel J. C. Currier of
San Francisco. A member of the ex
ecutive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee, who is known
to be ln sympathy with Colonel Cur
rier's aspirations, received a strong in
timation from the Governor yesterday
that the colonel was slated.
In connection with the Paris Expo
sition Commission there is a story of
a broken slate. The beautiful slate on
which was penciled the name of Mark
L. McDonald of Santa Rosa has been
smashed. The original slate provided
that there should be a Republican from
Los Angeles' to represent Southern Cal
ifornia, a Democrat from the north to
represent Northern California, and. a
Republican from San Francisco to rep
resent the central region of the State.
Exposition experience or training is one
of the qualifications which the law re
quires that % each commissioner shall
possess. The Legislature appropriated
$120,000 for the show. Each commis
sioner is to receive $5000 and traveling
expenses. The original slate embraced
B. C. Truman, Republican, Los Ange
les; M. H. di Young, Republican, San
Francisco, and Mark 1.. McDonald,
Demo .rat, Santa Rosa. De Young de
clined the appointment and the report
was circulated the Governor offered
the job to W. H. Mills of the Southern
Pacific. It is an open question whether
the appointment was tendered to Mills,
but it seems to be settled that he de
clined it. - The Governor finding it no
easy, matter to get the right kind of a
Republican in San Francisco now re
solves to appoint a good Democrat to
represent. Central California. The name
of the Democrat is not divulged, but
he is a resident of San Francisco.
Taking a Democrat from this, city
means that a Republican commissioner
shall be* chosen to represent Northern
California and 'therefore Mr. McDonald
is excluded. There is still hope for the
Santa Rosa candidate, as the Governor
'is at liberty to change his mind. A re
port was circulated yesterday that the
Northern California Republican would
be M. M. Estee of Napa.
Walking Delegate Saunders, backed
by George Washington Baker, put In a
strong claim yesterday for Immediate
appointment to the office of Labor
Commissioner. I!" detached the Gov
ernor from Judge Carpenter and held
I him for ten minutes. The feat was j
performed in the presence of W. W. !
Foote, George A. Knight, ex-Secretary
of State Brown, Jesse D. Carr of Sa
linas, Jim Rea of Santa Clara, Thomas ■
Flint Jr. of San Juan, Major Hendy,
Wendell Easton, Paris Kilburn, Jack
Tyrrell, Mark L. McDonald, Judge Car
penter and several charter members of
I th.' Gold Brick Insurance Company.
U. S. Grant Jr. joined the crowd at
| large in the court of the Palace Hotel
j yesterday afternoon and calmly
checked his baggage for San Diego. He
was not unconscious of the fact that
the gathering of men had something to
do with the distribution of State pa
tronage. Mr. Grant entertains the
opinion that the United States Senate
will not seat a man appointed by a
Governor after the Legislature has
balloted and failed to fill the vacancy.
ll.' reasons that if such a precedent
were established a State Governor
could combine with a few members of
the Legislature and defeat an election
for the purpose of gaining an oppor
tunity to appoint. Mr. Grant went
south last evening.
Rabbi Voorsanger plunged into the
swirl of politics yesterday to help Dr.
Kohn, who is struggling to reach the
Board of Health.
The next sensation in political circles
may be the announcement of Major
Frank McLaughlin's resignation as
chairman of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee. Last evening The Call
received intelligence that he had de
cided to resign and retire altogether
from politics. An interview was sought
to verify the truth of the report, "but
Major McLaughlin declined to admit or j
deny the correctness of the statement. j
Inside information obtained from
other sources leads to the belief that
he will resign If the Governor fails to I
appoint to offlce a certain man whose j
claims have been vigorously pressed by
the chairman of the State committee.
The Call's Information Is also to the
effect that Governor Gage has decided
that the appointment which Major Mc-
Laughlin is so deeply interested in can
not be made.
It is known that Major McLaughlin
yesterday afternoon made to a leading j
citizen this statement: "I am sick and
tired of this political business and In
tend to resign and retire altogether
from politics."
The statement In the Bulletin last
evening is correct that Governor Gage
invited Colonel E. F. Preston to attend
the conference at the Palace Hotel re
■ lating to appointments. This confer
ence, was called to review recommenda
tions for public office, but before it con
i vened Governor Gage had already made
several important appointments. Fur
] thermore he had announced that his
| mind was fixed concerning other ap
. pointments, hence he had little to be
stow, beyond a sop to satisfy the clam
orous.
It may be interesting now to recall ■
the fact that Henry T. Gage, prior to
his nomination for Governor by the Re- j
publican State convention, solemnly I
promised that he would not make any i
appointments before he consulted cer
tain loaders in whose presence the
promise was made. He did appoint 1 '
men to office in violation of his agree
ment and now at this late day seeks
to mend his broken word.
Governor Gage left the city for Sac
ramento at 6 o'clock last evening. He
said just before his departure that he
would make some appointments shortly
after reaching the capital. The predic
tions for the Code Commission are Van
Fleet, Freeman and Denis.
WHAT IS HAPPENING IN
THE THEATRICAL WORLD
"The Woman-Hater," played by Roland
Reed and company, is in its last nights at
the Columbia. •It will be followed Mon
day by Charles Frohman's farcical pro
duction, "On and Off," with the orignal
New York cast.
At the Alcazar "Captain Swift" is com
pleting a successful run of two weeks. On
Monday night the first presentation will
be given of Clay M. ' Greene's farcical
comedy, "His Japanese Wife."
The latest move on the part of the
Southwell opera company is a branch box
office on Market street, directly opposite
the Claus Spreckels building, where choice
seats may be had for the comic opera sea
son at the Grand. "El Capitan" continues
the week to big business, to be followed
by Willard Spencer's graceful operetta,
"The Little Tycoon."
The Tivoli's "Geisha" keeps up in pop
ularity. The- next attraction will be a re
vival of "Orpheus and Eurydice."
This is the last week of Lillian Burk
hart at the Orpheum, where she is dupli
cating her previous successes in "My
Aunt's Advice." There are several other
good cards, especially the Hawthorne
Sisters In the "Willow Pattern Plate"
song.
There will be a big crowd at the Chutes
to-morrow night, when the lowa boys
(rive the first professional performance of
their minstrel show.
A WELCOME HOME.
California Parlor of the Native Sons
Greets Its Old-Time Secretary.
California Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, held a largely attended
meeting last night for the purpose of
welcoming home Frank B. Ryan, for
many years its secretary, who has just
returned from a prolonged stay in the
P™^«i _. nd **° extend congratulations
to Will D. Shea, one of its members, who
was recently elected grand trustee
Both were received with rousing cheers
and after the extending of a hearty re
ception and the transaction of routine
business there was an adjournment to
Union-square Hall, where there was a
banquet In honor, of the two guests
President O'Gara presided, and after tne
supper there were addresses by Messrs
Ryan and Shea, and responses to toasts
by a number of those present.
Spinetti's Library.
Arthur G. and Lydia B. Fisk, executor
and executrix of the will of the late Asa
Fisk. have sued J. A. Splnettl to recover
: $317 20 upon a promissory note secured by
a mortgage upon the defendant's law
: library.
Great bargains in millinery. Murphy's
Cut Rate Millinery, 1326 Market street. •
, -•_.-- -^ ■•■••■•■■•■ t --■ : r .-■■■■:■.,:■ ■ ■ _ ."I-'*--
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
SHIPOWNERS,
"CRIMPS" AND
"BLOOD MONEY"
IH.1 H. D. Troop Affair
Not Yet Settled. ;
— ♦ —
AN ITALIAN SHIP GIVES IN
—+—
CAPT. BELLANDO PAYS BOARD
ING-MASTER RATES.
♦ — -
When the Wheat Comes In and the
Grain Fleet Begins to Move
the War Will Rage
Fiercely. *
Another nation has been drawn Into the
boarding-masters' war. The Italian ship
owners have joined issues with the Brit
ish and are now denouncing the law of
February 20.
The Italian ship Caterina Accame is
loaded and ready to sail for Europe. Cap
tain Bellando tried hard to get a crew
for the one month's advance allowed by
the new law. but the boarding-masters
laughed at him. In consequence a crew
A QUINTET OF BOARDING MASTERS.
Q THEY a: Larry Sullivan, Jack Grant, Peter Grant, John Bates and Dick McCarron, of Portland, Or., (
'I I and they about run things on the Columbia River to suit themselves. At the present time they are
<$• demanding $100 "blood money" for each sailor put aboard a deep-water ship, and there is a big fight
% on in consequence. The captains are trying to get men from San Francisco at the rate allowed by law, so
* half the battle is waged here and the other half at Astoria.
'V
*
■*> • • ' v.'.:-. ...;.. : .\ + , :;.\,.:.. :: r .r., k
■ for the Caterina Accamo was shipped yes
terday at $20 advance (one month's
wages), $-'■ "blood money" and $_ shipping
| fee. These are practically the same rates
that were in force last January, but then
the entire sum went down against the
j sailor as an "advance on account," but
now only $20 can be charged up against
him and the remainder comes out of the
' pocket of the shipowner.
The crew that went north on the steam-
i er Columbia for the British ship Howard
D. Troop will reach Astoria this morning.
As told exclusively In yesterday's Call,
there will be a strong tight to keep the
men from going aboard the ship.
The expenses of the Britisher are run
! ning up Into four figures and it will be a
very expensive experiment for Captain
Corning if his sailors now on the Colum
bia are taken away by the boarding-mas
ter. It has already cost $800 and over to
secure the men and the expenses of the
ship while she lies in the Columbia River
will not be less than $100 a day. The
Troop has now been tied up ten days
awaiting a crew, so th.it those two items
alone total up a large sum. Then there
is the insurance on the cargo, the loss
through delay and a dozen other things
! which will run the expense bill of Cap
tain Corning up to something like $3000. ,
At the present time there are tied up in
' the Columbia River the British ships
! Bothwell, Iverna, Sunford, British Prin
cess, WaJlacetown and Mistley Hall. The
British Princess is almost ready for sea
and Captain Scott has already written to
I San Francisco asking the rates for a
crew. He has been answered that the
rates are $20 advance, $20 "blood money"
and $."i shipping fee. Those are the rates
here and he must take his chances about
getting the men to the Columbia River. It
I looks as though Captain Scott will get his
men from the Portland boarding-masters.
• The latter are Inclined to treat him leni
ently and if Captain Corning of the How
ard D. Troop fails to secure his men from
.th«. steamer Scott will pay up and the
'■ shipowners will charge up the amount to
. profit and loss. The debit entry will run
Into $1000, as the Portland boarding-mas
ters will not accept a cent of "advance"
money, but insist upon the whole sum be
ing classed as a "bonus" or "blood
money." not a cent of which can be
charged up against the sailor.
The Portland hoarding-masters assert
' that they arc obeying the law, as they
i require no •'advance." They say there
are no sailors to speak of on the Colum
i bia River, and in order to give a ship a
crew they have to get the men from San
Francisco or Puget Sound. This means
I a considerable outlay for transportation
i and keep and the $20 advance would not
begin to pay the expense bill. _ >
The members of the Sailors' Union have
very little use for the boarding-masters,
whom they call "crimps," and less for the
shipowners who will not pay union
i wages. ; ■ '..,.'.
Drunk With Her Baby.
Mrs. Isabella King, a comely looking
young woman, living with her husband at
i 1046 Folsom street, was yesterday convict-
I ed by Judge Mogan of cruelty to children.
'< She was arrested on Wednesday In a
drunken condition with her baby in her
arms. When convicted she became hys
terical and caused a scene in court. This
Is the third time she has been arrested
for the same offense, and the Judge sug
gested that the baby should be sent to a
public institution. _ r ;
STABBED IN
THE DOORWAY
OF A SALOON
John Johnson Mur
derously Assaulted.
— • —
HIS RECOVERY IS DOUBTFUL
— ♦ —
THE ASSAILANT A SLAVONIAN
OF BAD REPUTE.
♦
Knockout Drops Were First Used, but
the Dose Was Miscalculated.
Robbery Is the Supposed
Motive.
John Johnson, a sailor, was stabbed by
a Slavonian, who refuses to give his
name, in the doorway of a saloon at
Jackson and Sansome streets at about 10
o'clock last night. The doctors have little
hope for his recovery.
The two men entered the saloon at
about 9 o'clock. Johnson accented the
Slavonian's Invitation to have a drink and
called for a glass of beer. While the two
men were drinking the bartender noticed
the Slavonian tampering with his com
panion's liquor, but did not pay much at
tention to him. After finishing the beer
the two started out to go to a theater.
As they were Hearing the door the sailor
suddenly put his hand to his head and
said that he could not go any farther, as
he was so dizzy he could not see.
He was helped into a chair and relaxed
Into a semi-stupor. In about half an hour
he roused up and started out with the
Slavonian. The door had hardly closed
upon them when Johnson uttered a pierc
ing shriek, followed by a fainter ejacula
tion: "Oh, I'm cut— l'm cut bad!"
The cries attracted a crowd from inside
1 the saloon and Officers Greenwald and
. Kerrison, who were patrolling their beats
. in the vicinity,
Johnson lay on the doorstep weltering
\ in his blood, while the Slavonian, realiz
• ing what he had done, started up the
street as fast as he could run. He was
pursued by the two policemen and a
crowd of citizens. lie ran directly into
his room on Montgomery near Broadway,
where he was located a few minutes later.
In one corner of the room was a basin of
I bloody water, which told its own tale of
1 how ho had attempted to conceal his guilt
by washing away the stains of his vic
tim's blood and then play innocent when
i the officers arrived. There was a great
blotch of blood on his coat sleeve near the
I wrist and another on the lapel of his coat.
I The knife with which the cutting was
done could not be found.
The would be assassin offered no resist
j ance when told he was under arrest, but
at the California-street police station he
j refused positively to give his name, and
sat sullenly In one corner of the cell.
' Johnson was put in the patrol wagon and
, hurried to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where it was- found that the murderous
i knife had entered his abdomen five times.
I The wounds were dressed, but the doctors
I have little hope of his recovery.
Later In the evening the Slavonian was
I sent by Sergeant Helms to the hospital,
and Johnson at once identified him as his
assailant.
Although the man refuses to divulge
his name, he is well known to the polite
as one of tit* worst characters that ever
infested the low saloons along the water
front or the deadfalls of the Barbary
Coast. He has been under arrest several
times for using knockout drops and other
offenses. He is a powerfully built man
with a blonde mustache and an evil
countenance. When Sergeant Helms or
dered two officers to remove him from the
cell that he might get a good look at him
the man fought like a demon, and would
have overpowered the men had not the
sergeant come to his assistance. In his
room on Montgomery street three bottles
were found which are supposed to con
tain knockout drops.
It is thought that his plan was to drug
Johnson In such a manner that he would
fall senseless on the street, and Mien re
lieve him of his valuables, but tne plans
miscarried. He then tried to disable him
in the doorway, but the murderous blow
produced neither death nor insensibility.
At an early hour this morning the knife
wiolder gave his name as Pomenico Ru
maz, and his nativity as Austrian.
Custom House Promotions.
Collector Jackson has promoted William
J. Mcßride, guarding inspector, to be dis
charging inspector in place of Ellis A.
Holmes, promoted to a clerkship in the
appraiser's office. Mr. Mcßride will re
ceive. $4 a day instead of $3, Which is the
pay. of a guarding inspector.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bl&j.«
SLOT MACHINES
DECIDED TO BE
BANKING GAMES
Twelve Saloon-Keep
ers Plead Guilty.
♦ — -
FINED WITH NO ALTERNATIVE
— ♦-—
OTHERS DEMAND A TRIAL BY A
JURY OF THEIR PEERS. .&
Judge Groezinger Fails to See Ary
Difference Between Check
Machines and Card
Machines.
The crusade against nickel-in-the-slot
machines last December has not met with
the success which was anticipated. The
cases were originally assigned to Judge
Treadwell's court and. he convicted sev
eral of the defendants, but on the cases
being appealed the judgment was re
versed, as. the arrests had been made un
der the section of the Penal Code which
refers to lotteries, instead of section 330,
which refers to banking games. Then
arrests were made under section 330.
yesterday twelve of the defendants
pleaded quilting. in Acting Police Judge
Groezinger's court and agreed not to use
any of the machines in their saloons
again. Their names were Edward Lun
stedt, Richard Carr, William Spahr, Al
Whit.'. Alfred Dohlman, J. C. Myles, Wil
liam Bogen, Alfred Bradsay, William Pe
ters. A. Bergstrom. M. J. Ward and M.
J. Boyce. The machines they used were
those that passed out checks redeemable
at the tear by money or drink.*.
The Judge said he had no reason to
doubt that the defendants would keep
their promise and he thought the ends of
justice would be subserved by their keep
in",* the machines out of their saloons.
lie would therefore Impose a nominal
fine.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter re
minded the Judge that under section 330
the lowest penalty was a fine of $100.
".Well," said the Judge, "1 will make
the fine In each case $100 with no alterna
tive, but if they should again be charged
with a similar offense the fine would be
$100 with the usual alternative. I see no
difference between these machines and
the machines used in cigar stores. The
one is as much a banking game as the
other, and why the police can see a dis
tinction is beyond my comprehension.
Judge Morrow decided in the Federal
court in a case regarding an Infringe
ment of a copyright on these cigar ma
chines that they were purely banking
games and had no right to get a pat
ent."
Fourteen other cases were continued till
May 17, as the defendants pleaded not
guilty and will ask for a trial by jury.
There are. including these, altogether
about thirty cases in the different courts
yet to be tried.
Chief Lees did not like the decision of
Acting Judge Groezinger in making "no
alternative." He said that the only way
to do was for the Board of Supervisors
to instruct the City and County Attorney
to institute civil suits against each of the
defendants for the recovery of the fine.
The matter was out of his hands. He
had no hesitation in saying that these
machines were rank robberies and filched
the hard earned money out of the pockets
of the workingman. Regarding machines
in cigar stores he had only to say that
the Board of Supervisors licensed them.
Trouble Over a Courtroom.
Judge Graham and Acting Judge (.roe- !
singer had a dispute yesterday morning
as to the temporary occupancy of Judge
Conlan's courtroom. Judge Groezlnger's
bailiff had his prisoners in the dock first,
and Judge Graham's bailiff had to make
a masterly retreat. Judge Graham de
manded possession of the courtroom and
Judge Conlan was called In to decide. He
decided in favor of Groezinger, as Groe
zinger had taken over the cases on his
calendar. Graham, who is presiding
Judge, has called a meeting for this
morning of the three Judges and is deter
mined to have the courtroom.
The Jardine Murder.
The preliminary examination of p. a
Donovan, charged with the murder of the
old man Alexander Jardine by striking
him on the head with an ax in the vesti
bule of St. Rose's Church, was com
menced before Judge Mogan yesterday
Dr. Matter of the Receiving Hospital and
Dr. Abrams of the City and County Hos
pital were examined as to the old man's
injuries and the case was continued till
to-day.
FORGES A BROTHER'S
NAME AND DECAMPS
Howard Emerson Is a Victim of
Race Track Gambling.
Well-Known Centerville Attorney Disap
pears and His Affairs Are Said to
Be in a Very Bad Muddle.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 4.
HOWARD EMERSON, a well-known
lawyer and politician of Center
ville. is missing, and racetrack
gambling has scored another vic
tim. Emerson disappeared last Tuesday
and now all kinds of charges against him,
including misappropriation of funds in
trusted to his care, forgery and embez
zlement, are in circulation— the race
track is held responsible for it all, as the
man who is looked upon as an absconder,
even by the members of his own family,
is said to have been an Inveterate gam
bler, his favorite field of operations being
the Emeryville resort. Almost the last
act of Emerson before his disappearance
was to forge the name of his brother,
Dr. H. W. Emerson, health officer at Cen
terville, to a number of checks, which he
cashed. He also hypothecated securities
belonging to his sister, and it is strongly
suspected that he has managed to obtain
other sums by equally illegal methods.
He was the attorney for several large
estates at Centerville. among them be
ing the James Graham, C. J. Stevens and
Fair estates, and his affairs are said to
be so badly mixed that It will be Impossi
ble to determine the extent of his mis
deeds without a thorough examination of
his accounts by an expert.
Emerson came to Oakland last Tues
day, the day of his disappearance, and
requested J. B. Lanktree, a money
broker, to cash seven checks for $60 each,
signed by his brother, the physician. He
was given the money, and from that time
nothing has been seen of him. He has
dropped out of sight as completely as
though the earth had opened and swal
lowed him.
To-day Dr. Emerson, alarmed by his
brother's continued absence, came to
Oakland to make inquiries as to his
whereabouts. He failed to locate the
LAKEVIEW ROAD.
Mrs. Dr. Merritt's Demand Bars the
Way to the Extension of
the Line.
The Sunnyslde Improvement Club held
an Important meeting last night. The at
titude of Dr. Emma Sutro Merritt on
the proposed Lakeview railroad was dis
cussed at length, and near the close of j
the meeting it was decided to send a del- j
egation to A. B. Spreckels, the president
of the San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railroad, with a view to bring
ing about an amicable settlement.
During the • discussion it was shown
that the owners of -the street railway
were anxious to extend. the line on Sun- i
nyslde .avenue to the -'lngleside coursing
grounds and on Plymouth avenue, via the
Lakeview district, to the ocean road.
•.The only obstacle to the purposed, im- j
provement comes from Mrs. Merritt. who I
wants the company to pay the cost of
grading, sewering, macadamizing and ;
sidewalking along the entire right of way.
Her demand was refused by the railroad
company, which stated Its willingness to
pave its portion of the roadway. In mak- I
ing its declination the railroad officials I
stated that they were unwilling to put
Mrs. Merritt's entire property In condition
for the privilege of securing a right of
way through her land. As such an exten
sion would be of material benefit to the
residents of the Sunnyside district an ef- !
fort will be made to bring about a com- ,
promise.
The double track now under construe- I
tion from Thirtieth street to the ceme
teries by the San Francisco and San Ma
teo Railroad Company has been looked j
1 upon as a forerunner of prosperity by the ;
' people living along the line of road, as it
will result in their securing speedier
' transit and easier access to the downtown
; portions of the city.
THE NEW CURATOR.
Reception at the Mark Hopkins In-
stitute of Art This Evening.
This evening at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art there will be a reception
to Captain Robert Howe Fletcher, the
new curator of the Art Association. All
of the members of the association and
the teachers and students of the school
have been invited.
As an army officer, a writer of stories
and a contributor of high jinks papers
Captain Fletcher is a success. What his
record will be as curator, and especially
a curator at his own reception, remain-*
to be determined. Observation will be
taken of his bearing this evening. If he
shows the least sign of agitation Joseph
D. Grant and Horace Piatt will be handy
to reinforce him. As a platform talker
Captain Fletcher has merit. On ordinary
occasions he scorns to produce manu
script to refresh his memory or establish
any other signal of mental distress. It is
expected that eloquent music and charm
ing company will welcome him to his new
station of duty.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
NEW STORK- Sailed May 4— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, for Hamburg.: stmr Menominee, for
London; stmr Bremen, for Bremen; stmr State
of Nebraska, for Glasgow.
A CARD.
r~ _. , ,
We desire to formally express to the
public our grateful appreciation of the
more than generous patronage which is
being extended to our Reorganization
Sale. To those who have visited our
establishment during the past three day >
it is wholly unnecessary to state that this
sale is proving a remarkable success.
As to the value of the goods which
'we are selling at reduced prices, we - ,\
offer no stronger testimony than the
opinions of the people whose orders we
have already supplied. , .
I
[Jlw Murphy Building:, /
Market and Jones Streets.
- ; -
missing man. but it would not -be strictly
true to say he found no trace of. him. Al
most the first Information gained by the
Centerville health officer was that his
brother had forged his signature to a
warrant for his (the doctor's) month's
salary, amounting to $50. and secured the
cash. Next he was shown the checks
bearing his signature, which had been
cashed by Lanktree, and he at once
pronounced the signatures to be rank
forgeries. :
Dr. Emerson also learned in the course
I of the day that his brother had hypothe
cated a note for $250 executed by County
I Clerk Jordan in favor of the missing at
: torney's sister, for $25. The revelations in
; connection with the disappearance of his
! brother which the doctor's visit to the
city produced filled him with consterna
: tion. The illegal doings of Emerson have
only just begun to rome to light, and In
view of the fact that he was known to
Ik hard up and that ho has a passion for
gambling on horse races, it is feared that
! his peculations will amount to a largo
sum when the whole truth is known.
"My brother left his home in Center
: ville last Tuesday morning.'' said Dr.
Emerson to a Call reporter this after
j noon, "and I have not seen him since.
I His affairs, however, are much jumbled
j up. He collected one month's salary
I coming to me from the county, amount
l ing to $50. He simply made out a war-
I rant for the amount, signed my name to
it and cashed it at a broker's. There are
! also some other matters of which I do
! not care to make mention at this time.'"
Shortly before his disappearance the at
; torney secured the signature of his broth
i er to a document, the nature of which
■ the doctor does not recollect. The latter
I is considerably exercised over the matter
i In view of to-day's developments, as* he
i fears he may have been induced to sign
! an Important instrument.
The missing man is about 35 years old
; and as well thought of in the community
j where he resided, being regarded as a
j hail fellow well met. IT" always enjoyed
i the fullest confidence of those who knew
j him. and it Is believed that his downfall
I dates from the time a few months ago
I when he began frequenting the racetrack
i at Emeryville.
MECHANICS AND CONTRACTORS.
Harmonious Condition of Affairs Ex-
isting Between the Two Bodies.
There was a spirit of go, feeling mani
fested at the meeting of the delegates to
the Builders' and Trades Council last
night. It was announced that the
contractors had cheerfully agreed to the
recent rules adopted by the Carpenters'
Union. To show the appreciation of the
action the Builders' Trades Union passed
a vote of thanks to the contractors.
Grand Organizer R. L. Malsbarv re
ported that Painters' Union No. 73 was or
ganized and in. good shape to make its
influence felt ... among the other -labor
unions. This union will be composed of
all painters and decorators In this city
and none but first class workmen will be
admitted. A membership in the union will
be a certificate to those employing paint
ers and decorators that they are getting
flrst classsmen to do their work. Dele
gates James Massey. E. H. Windsor and
Thomas. Linton were admitted as mem
bers of the Builders' and Trades Council.
A report on the condition of labor in
San Francisco was received from Organ
izer Malsbary. In which Be stated that
everything looked bright and cheerful for
the wage-earners, since the utmost har
mony existed between the employers and
the employes.
The council passed a resolution com
mending the daily press and the police for
the stand taken against the gambling sa
loons along the line of Market street.
Attorney C. G. Nagle appeared before
the council on behalf of the proprietor of
the Battle of Manila Panorama, with
which the council has had some misunder
standing over union carpenters during the
construction of the building.
A SMUGGLER CAUGHT.
Customs Inspector Harrigan caught a
smuggler very cleverly yesterday morn
ing at 4 o'clock, and the smuggler, whose
name is William Clay, is at present re
posing in the County Jail. At the hour
named Harrigan saw Clay stealing along
the wharf to a pile of lumber, behind
which he disappeared. Harrigan followed
him and saw him receive a small tele
scope basket which some unknown per
son had let down from one of the dead
lights of the forecastle of the steamer
Curacao. Harrigan grabbed Clay and the
basket and found the plunder to be 475
Mexican cigars, valued at from 10 to 12
cents each.
Upon the fact of the seizure being re
ported to Deputy Surveyor St. John that
official ordered all hands to make a
thorough search of the steamer, which
was done, and 525 more smuggled cigars
were found by Inspector Lundqulst in
the forepeak. concealed among a pile of
life preservers.
Raided a Lottery i tace.
Sergeant Shea and posse yesterday raid
ed the rooms on Kearny street and seized
a number of lottery tickets of the Original
Little Honduras and Original Little Bene
ficencia companies. Henry S. Kahn,
the manager of the companies, was ar
rested and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of keeping a lottery.
OfPASSENGERS
AND FREIGHT
FOR HONOLULU
The Australia Went
Away Crowded.
— • —
TROUBLE ON THE ENTERPRISE
— « —
FOUR FEET OF WATER IN HOLD
AT SAILING TIME.
*
C. P. Huntington Visits the Water
Front — Looks Over Santa Fe
Terminus — Capt. Holmes
Leaves for New York.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia got away sharp on time for Hono
lulu yesterday. She. took away one of the
heaviest cargoes that has ever left San
Francisco for the islands. It consists of
nearly 2000 tons of merchandise 750 tons
of which. was machinery for the sugar
HER CARGO MELTED AWAY.
1"*» HE schooner Enterprise sprang a leak last Wednesday night
and when the tug Ida W went alongside to take her to sea
there was four feet of water in the hold. The Enterprise was
bound for the canneries and had a cargo of salt. This began to melt
and in order to save a portion the vessel had to be discharged in a
hurry. The schooner will go on the drydock for an overhauling.
plantations. She also took away a large
passenger list, the following being in the
cabin :
_■*. Hart-.!,. William Bernard, wife and child;
Harry ('ashman. Mrs. M ("lark. Miss E. 'lark,
W. B. '"lark H: Coffee, Mrs. J. Colvin, Harry
Connor. E. G. <*<>oke. Miss J. B. Cook, Miss
Arlei • Crater. Robert Dunbar, J. R. Gait, wife
and two ildren; James '•". Giles. Miss Viola
Gillette, Miss Glorine, : >r. A. G. Jiodgins. W.
<;. Irwin, wife and maid; H. Stuart Johnson,
Miss Madeline Lack, Miss I. Lowell, Miss Liz
zie McCoy, Miss Nellie M Coy, 'lis- McEvoy,
A. MoGrf-por and wife, Samuel Marion, J. W.
Mason. Miss Helen Merrill. E. T. Xieoline..
.1. I*. O'Sulllvan, Arthur Pacie and wife. Miss
M. Parneli. C. Prochazka Jr. and wife, .1. M.
Robertson, John H. Bchulthi Miss Emma
_*lf**rel. M. .7. Btriening and wife, V. 1.. Tenney
and wife, James Wakefield, Hugh Ward and
wife. Dr. T. E. Wetzel, G. M. Whitney Miss
Irwin and maid.
John B. O'Sulllvan is a brother of Neal
O'Sulllvan, who created such a furor in
musical circles in London last year. lie
is going to spend a year in Hawaii, and
•will combine business with pleasure. W.
G. Irwin and family return to Honolulu
after a vacation spent in San Francisco.
The members of the "Trip to Chinatown"
company also took passage on the Aus
tralia.
The transport Charles Nelson, which
arrived at Manila on May 1, made the
run from Honolulu in the good time of
eighteen days. The Cleveland, which the
wiseacres in Honolulu, predicted would
never reach her destination, made the
run in twenty-five days.
The schooner Enterprise- was to have
sailed for the canneries last Wednesday
night, but when the tug Ida W. went
alongside to tow her to sea. it was found
that there was four feet of water In her
hold. She is an old-timeer and has been
a lone time laid up, so many of her
®4-®4 ® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®+® 4 ®4® 4*® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4® 4® 4 ®> ®4® 4 ®4® + ®4®4®
\ \y --*- N WEAK NERVES |
f V And Doctors Cannot Cure Them
4 cessr „^-«- V-*i My success in treating weak nerves ♦
•'• r*W <* 51^5 :^ : '^n \?-*x h *'** s been surprising. I have cured ®
* £•***' -idJKJCT^^)S__^- skJ long-Standing cases which verged 4.
i^ /XX?* 75^_«PQ_a M upon nervous prostration. Cured them .
Sol ttKl^ v^_wß___ _*./ permanently when family pavsicians w
"*" it>_ **3isi _-— -,^___fi? _■ ■•*''■• Prescribed rest as the only cure. 4
® ' ff>3 S_ 5* ''Sf*' _*_ c£9 Some women and some men have not ®
4 9& TO**" i m JH the time nor money to afford rest— 4.
fS. fia^ ™ / • ' / |eJ hence they must find another cure. &.
'_ ''_!$£- "\ »0 <_/ JH Drugs are powerless, except as a daily _
■ \n%& \ <_* r __HH stimulant, which is very injurious in 4
_ $Lfpfek \- X / _m the end. My Electric Beit is the one _
(t ff^'M'lM IK- I J__B____\ simple and easy method. 4
I r&^\\ The Be!t a Prod^y- i
*♦" j/t/-''t\ V "''* rN ' * '' l(| «\? l Xb.'" MERCED, • CaL, March 20, ISM. 4
® i 'f!,\ -~' ■,'. "-»* _ fa _ ''>■'" Pear Sir: Your licit Is a wonderful nerve ®
•*• ,**.* v— 1 *../ '£-**■ 0/_P Invlgorator, and in curing me of what I +
(•)• l S~___*»£-*#^ jr. <k tisr considered a hopeless com of nervous ®
X >p^*-- j<r*-i >*^ !«*< ■■!'-'-~ prostration. My . me*;nDry Is much im- 4
W .-r-/,^/ *- v - -~*jb6.' "' pice.] lam stronger, heavier and better -i
♦ ' *^"~r ■«?•!' ~'_7h9z(>-' than I have 1.-l .-' etl for fifteen years. Your 4
® ' y_v oxsj-ft ri' £■■' » Electric Bell is a prodigy, You can make ®
4 t*r fir *» knhwn my statement if you wish. Yours 4-
® 7 / gratefully, O. M. BENNETT. ®
| CURES WHILE YOU SLEEP. ' >
+ While you rest at night it pours vitalizing electricity Into the tired *.
r. serves, charges them with warm, healthy vitality, and the natural energy
V soon asserts itself. a permanent cure takes only a few weeks. Try it. It *-_*
* is cheap compared with drugs and ten times* flu* effective. Call and see it ▼
_ if yon can, or Jet me send you a book about it, closely sealed, free. ®
I DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, Manager, |
702 Market M.. cor. Kearny. .1 SEND FOR Mr BOOK, 4
4. And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," _+
/i Ulttce Hours— a. m. to 8.-30 p. m.; tunuay*. A,
Jj 10 to I. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG BTOUEg. IT IS MAILED FREE. J?
&4®4® 4 ®4®4®4®4® 4®4®4®4 ®4®4®4®4®4® 4®4®454 ®4®4 ®4®4®
seams opened up when the cargo was
put aboard. The cargo consisted of salt
and before the vessel could be pumped
out nearly half of it had melted away.
It was then discovered that the vessel
was leaking two and a half inches an
hour, so the remainder of the salt was
discharged before it had a chance of go
ing out through the scuppers. The En
terprise will co on th.. drydock for an
overhauling before she sails for Alaska.
Captain Holmes, late Of the snip far
mer, leaves for New York to-night to
take command of the ship Alex Gibson.
In spite of his 7.". years, Captain Holmes
is as hale and hearty as a man of »0
years, and will not give up the sea. Cap
tain Charles Davis, late of the ship Ta
coma, has taken command of the Char-
mer.
John McMillan, an apprentice boy on
the British ship Cedarbank, fell down the
hold of the vessel yesterday and sus
tained a fracture of the nose, laceration
of the lips and possible Internal Injuries.
He was treated at the Harbor Hospital
by Dr. Hopper and was afterward re
moved to- St. Mary's Hospital.
C. P. Huntington, accompanied by Wil
liam Hood, superintendent of mainte
nance and ways, and Mr. Mole, his pri
vate accountant, visited the Mail dock
yesterday They drove around the front
from Market street and looked over the
ground purchased by the Santa Fe peo
ple at the foot of Bryant street. Thcv
remained on the front about half an hour
and then drove to Fourth and fownsend
streets. •
SEAL HERD SCATTERED.
| But Little Left of the Point Reyes
Rookeries.
It is very evident that the sea lion herd
of Point Reyes is pretty well broken up
and scattered by the hunters who have
been for the past few days gunning for
the big marine beasts. The onslaught
proper was made on Monday, the hunters
emptying their magazine rifles Into the
rookeries where the herd was taking a
sun bath. After that Deputy Wilson con
tinued the killing, picking off the seals
one by one as they went by in the en
deavor to get back to the ledges on which
they were wont to bask. Yesterday a let
ter was received from Mr. Wilson, who
wrote from Point Reyes under the date
of May 2, as follows:
The lions that are here now are most all of
the big gray variety and cannot be -worked
from my ..id points. They are more '•: th..
deep-water kind, bo to do anything with them
I had to get into the rookery, which was no
easy task. I out some steps into the rock to
day, so I think I can get into their camp to
morrow on a rope. I will shoot on the out
posts until they leave camp, then take mv po
sition and wait their return. I do not think
there will be enough here to hold me but a
few days. For some reason there has not been
many here since my last visit.
One Who has not been on the ground
has no idea of the difficulty and dangers
attending the project of Mr. Wilson to
get down to the rookeries proper. The
"roosting" places of the seals are located
at the foot of cliffs that rise from the
water to a height of 700 feet. The favorite
resorts are in a circular cove" protected
on the north, east and south by perpen
dicular bluffs, down which it is impossi
ble to descend unless the adventurer does
as Mr. Wilson has .done— cut steps. into
the solid rocks. Even then it is likely
that it will lie necessary to use a rope to
get to the water near the rookeries. By
the time Mr. Wilson empties a few hun
dred more cartridges into the stragglers
the herd will be so badly broken and de
moralized that it will he a long time be
fore they collect there again in any num
bers.
Fire in a Box Factory.
Sparks from the engine caused a slight
blaze In the American *>x Factory, 813
Brannan street, last night. An alarm
was turned in from box 152 and the fire
was extinguished in a few minutes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
BOATS TO PROTECT
AMERICAN INTERESTS
Old Glory Will Be Seer) at the Ports
of Central America Con
stantly After This.
2* NEW YORK, May 4.— Washington special to the Herald says: g
£> Measures have been initiated by the Navy Department which content- g
!^ plate providing constant protection for American interests in Central Si
88 America. As the result of a consultation between Acting Secretary 0
X Allen and Rear Admiral Crowninshield, instructions have been given 88
tv to Rear Admiral ,Hichborn, chief constructor, to fit out the converted &
£> yacht Viking for duty in. Central American waters as expeditiously as J*
g possible. The Viking's small draught will permit her to enter the shal- «
0 low waters on the eastern coast of Central America, so that the Amer- &
25 lean flag will be flying constantly at Honduran and Nicaraguan ports. #
£, The determination to send the Viking to Central America is the re- 25.
a suit of communications received at the State Department from Ameri- §
•S cans in Honduras and Nicaragua which have hitherto been referred to 8.
S by the Herald. On account of their draught cruisers of the Detroit 2*
g class are compelled to lie four or five miles out from Bluefields, and $
25 even gunboats of the Marietta class, drawing only twelve feet, are «
£ unable to approach close to the town. The Viking, drawing only eight .5
*° feet six inches, will not encounter any difficulty in getting within close •*-*
2 range of that or any other town on the Central American coast. . *_j
£> Acting Secretary Allen said to-day that no word has yet been re- S
.* reived from the Detroit, but it is presumed Commander Dayton and £j
6, Minister Merry are continuing their investigation, obtaining affidavits 25
$ from Americans bearing upon their refusal to pay double duties on £»
.25 goods imported by them into Nicaragua. _
A . i-
PURE FOOD LAW
IS BADLY NEEDED
To Protect Buyers in
America.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. May i.— The Senatorial Pure
Food investigating Committee held its
second session here to-day. Giles Lewis,
a druggist of this city, testified that while
i other countries prevented the selling of
; adulterated goods "within their own bor
ders no provisions were made against ex
porting them to foreign countries. He de
clared that the United States received
articles made In Germany and France that
; could not be sold in the country "where
i they were made because of the preserva
: lives used. Mr. Lewis said adulteration
I could be divided into two classes, one of
j which was the adding of coloring matter
' for the sake of appearance and the other
was to give fictitious values to articles of
I food. His advice to the committee was
j that a national pure food law be installed
and a permanent commission be installed
in office, the duty of which would be to
prevent the marketing of any article of
food or drink, domestic or imported,' that
was misrepresented. The limit of adul
teration, he declared, should be governed
by the commission, and the committee
should analyze all articles and certify to
their purity by a Government stamp.
Dr. Wiley next took the stand anu gave
information to the committee regarding
the articles sold in this country which
were adulterated. Among practices that
are fraudulent, yet not injurious to the
health, he mentioned the sale of fish* of
cheap variety and grade for more ex
pensive kinds, especially fish packed in
oil. It also is a common custom. Dr.
Wiley said, for dealers to stamp pack
ages with foreign stamps and deceive the
public into believing it was buying im
ported goods. Horse flesh, according to
the expert, was commonly used for food
purposes in European countries and la
beled as beef, but he did not know of its
| being used to any great extent in this
' country. The sales of turtles in restau
| rants for terrapin was also a common
means of defrauding the public.
Famous wines and other drinks of for
eign countries are on sale on American
markets that never saw the color of the
ocean.
Adulterated food and drink which are
injurious to the public health, the witness
said, could be classed in two groups—col
oring and preserving. The coloring mat
ter was used principally because it was
pleasing to the eye and made the food
palatable.
The matter which is used principally
in restoring the color of green peas, the
witness declared, sometimes was salt of
zinc and sometimes salt of copper, either
of which is poisonous, and the use of
which should not be permitted. "Probably
the chemical most used as a preservative,
according to Dr. Wiley, Is salycilic acid,
which is made to a great extent from car
bolic acid. It should not be permitted, he
said, because It was very injurious, espe
cially to those who have weak stomachs.
He ended his testimony by Baying that no
food offered for sale which contained pre
servatives was tit to eat.
THE MURDOCK CASE
NEARING THE END
Witness Powers Loses Some of His
Positiveness Under Severe
Cross-Examination.
WILLOWS, May 4.— the opening of
court this morning, in the Murdock suit.
Jack Powers was recalled for further
cross-examination. He seemed to lose
some of his positiveness that was prom
inent yesterday. Adam and Ira Comp
ton testified to a trip Ira Compton and
William Murdock made to Modoc Coun
ty in 1887. This testimony was directed
to showing that William Murdock was
not at the State Fair in 1887. Not much
success was made, however, in that line.
The defense then Introduced a lot of cop
ies of the records of Tehama County,
which they claimed went to contradict
Witness Ashurst and G. W. Murdock.
The whole financial condition of Tehama
was gone into and put in evidence, but
showed little more than that Tehama
County was in a fair condition in 1877-78.
G. G. Murdock and his sister. * Lizzie
Smith, swore to a conversation they had
with the plaintiff in 1881 and 1887, and sev
eral, letters of a social nature were* read
in evidence to show that the relation of
the Lake County Murdochs were friendly
with' the plaintiff and her husband in
1881-87. :.'
Mary Compton, sister of William Mur
dock, wished to testify as to what Mur-i
dock said during his last illness concern
ing the note in suit, but was shut out by
the court. Several depositions were read,
the main one being that of plaintiff,
taken last year.
Just before adjournment the defense
offered a lot of depositions looking to the
impeachment of Witness Ashurst, but
plaintiff's attorneys . objected and this
matter will be argued to-morrow morn
ing. The end seems near. •:•"
Death of a Bedding Man.
REDDING, May James Marshall
Bryan died in this city at 5 o'clock this
morning of typhoid malaria. He was the
senior member of the firm of Bryan Bros.,
up to May 1 the lessees of the Golden
Eagle Hotel in this city. He leaves a
Widow and four small children and a
brother and a sister residing in Oakland.
He was a native of Sierra County, Cali
fornia, aged 36 years.. The remains will
be shipped to Oakland Friday night. The
mother and father of the deceased are
buried there. The funeral will be under
the auspices of the Knights of Pythias,
of which order the deceased was a promi
nent member. ■'".-, - ;
Cannot Appear for Trial.
SUISUN, May The trial of Jesse
Walters, on a charge of having murdered
Alfred Cook in Napa last January, will
not take place next Wednesday, the date
set for the trial. Walters has been con
fined to his bed from the effects of a
shot he received in the thigh at the time
of the tragedy, and the attending physi
clan, Dr. W. G. Downing, notified Sheriff
Savage to-day that It would be impos
sible for Walters to appear. May 20 will
probably be the new date set.
WILL TIE UP
LAKE COMMERCE
Buffalo Strikers Control
Situation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, May 4.— The grain shov
elers and the freight-handlers have
pronounced their ultimatum to the
Lake Carriers'. Association. At a mass
meeting this .afternoon, it was an
nounced amid great applause that un
less the Lake Carriers' Association ac
ceded to the demands of the men by
to-morrow noon, the entire commerce
of the lakes from Buffalo to Duluth
would be tied up.
The hall was filled and a crowd stood
about on the outside. They were or
derly, but determined. The meeting
was addressed by John M. Hennessy.
■President P.. J. McMahon, of the new
shovelers' union;. M. J. Foley, repre
senting the men employed in the ele
vators, and others.
Mr. McMahon announced that the
time had come when the whole plan !
of the movement could be made
known.
"We have everything in our power."
he said. "Unless the Lake Carriers'
Association comes to our terms by to
morrow at noon, the commerce of Buf
falo and along the lakes will be tied up.
We have been working on this matter
for weeks and know what we are do
ing. If we want financial help we can
get all we need." *". :- j
He thanked the men- for the good"
judgment they had shown in keeping
quiet and orderly, and cautioned them
about getting into any trouble. In
front of the hall there were about 700
Poles, members of the new Freight
Handlers' Union, and the speeches
were translated into Polish for them.
M. J. Foley announced, amid loud
cheers, that to-morrow at noon, every
man now working in an elevator would
quit.
"All we want is" what is fair." he said,
"but we will stand by you men to the
end. The coal handlers who have been
serving the Lake Carriers' vessels have
already quit work, the engineers will
go out to-morrow and the contractors
will do no more work on the docks in
Buffalo."
FURTHER EVIDENCE
AGAINST DESIRELLO
Prosecution of the Slayer of James
Johnston at Colma Js Almost
Completed.
REDWOOD CITY, May 4.-The third
day of the trial of Fred Desirello for the
murder of James Johnston ended this
afternoon without any startling develop
ments. Since yesterday afternoon the
time has been devoted to the examination
and cross-examination of witnesses for
the prosecution. This morning the pro
ceedings began with the cross-examina
tion .of John Vaccari. The defense laid
great stress, upon the fact that at the
Coroner's inquest witness testified that
the defendant said he shot to kill, while
at the preliminary examination he ad
mitted on cross-examination that the
words used were shot to kill the horses
This coincides with the theory of the de
fense that Desirello shot at the horses to
bring them to a halt, as he supposed they
were running away. Henry Jensen, the
third boy upon the wagon at the time of
the shooting, gave testimony similar to
that of Vaccari. He corroborated Vac
cari in the statement made by defendant
"Shut your mouth, or I'll put a bullet
through you," when Vaccari asked him
why he shot at them. The cross-examina
tion of the witnesses has been conducted
by Judge E. F. Fitzpatrick and has been
very exhaustive' in an effort to shake the
testimony. Before court adjourned three
other witnesses for the prosecution gave
evidence, viz.— lda Ravn, Lillie Ravn and
John Rockford. The prosecution will
probably close some time to-morrow, and
possibly the defense will commence the
Introduction of evidence. It is likely, how
ever, that the case wil not go to the jury
before Saturday afternoon. . .
QUARTZ DISCOVERED IN
LOS ANGELES COUNTY
Valuable Ledge Tapped Near the
Surface That Assays $10 a Ton
in Gold.
FALLBROOK STATION, Cat,', May .4—
Arthur Coventry, a young Englishman,
has been prospecting his ranch near
Fallbrook. This is an old settled country
and no one dreamed that anything of a
mineral nature" would ever be developed
here, but as Coventry went on excavating
and prospecting people began to take
more interest. Yesterday he came to a
ledge in a tunnel thirty feet below the
surface. He finds the ledge ten feet wide
of a hard quartz, containing sul
phites, easily worked by the cyanide
process, and shows an assay of $10
per ton in gold and considerable silver
Upon the discovery other farmers
.began to prospect and found a large part
of the country composed of the same kind
of rock, which shows gold in paying
quantities from the surface. While the
assays are low, the quantity of the ore
th'_ ease with which it can be reduced
and the location of the district will serve
to increase its value. The prospects are
within a mile of the railroad station and
near a good stream of water, the Santa
Margatita River.
A Tour of Inspection.
WASHINGTON. May 4.— Brigadier Gen
eral Wilson, chief of engineers, left to
day for a tour of the Pacific Coast from
the Mexican border ' to the Canadian
boundary. From Chicago he goes direct
to San Diego, thence northward along
the coast.
THE EMPORIUM. ;V| THE EMPORIUM. . | THE EMPORIUM.
>g* **¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥+¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥+¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*¥¥¥¥¥¥9¥¥¥l
i OVERSTOCK SALE
I a.^'l f .-.. Men's
I §i | I Men's
I X^<n\f^%\ $15.00 to $17.50
9" / ) V \\ \l ' f*N__/\ ikl n J *&_ **_
I 11 M-\\ I ovj\iir Suits—
9 I A \ \\ '■■'■- I '"•• .pT W ■ . ,*v***tt tmmm m "*_p
» N___Hry 1 1 til In W &G *__*%
| y^TK\_^ \ \ J^_%_ *P& _*¥"*_¥_
* 111 II \II1) II We find ourselves heavily overstocked with
i I I \ \y___ZM Men's $15.00, $16.50 and $17.50 Suits. To close
* II I 1 I out the surplus we have marked them until fur-
* 1/1 l j tner not * cc at #9-4 ! We are not going to prate about
J ill I 1 the honesty of this extraordinary reduction from reg-
i 1 111 --di ular prices. You know that if we say $17.50 was the
* 1 Jipi "^^ original price of a suit, that $17.50 was the price.
* \i ---=W--__-. you uy one °* e^ e suits, and after taking it home
J • __M '"c^~"" you think that it is not what we represented it to be,
I * ' return it at once and get your money.
i «
J They are the popular single-breasted Sack Suit style positively all wool— cor-
!*■ rectly fashioned and made up as only first-class tailors can make clothing. There are
£ 18 different colors and patterns— lB different varieties, all sizes — plain and fancy Che-
» viots and Cassimeres — plenty of black suits if you prefer them to colors £&Q Ji PS
* —and again we say real $15, $16.50 and $17.50 values for -^Jr»*#x*
*• _ :
*
* <|?*-* s£a _r_\§ B_ m oP'n !f< l_ In connection with the Suit Sale, we offer for Friday and Sat-
-9 ***"-» *? 90- BWBHrBB & urdav onLy your choice of 150 pairs of fine TrougerSj that we retail
* £kll_r_r_T_T___\B P^Stnt*- regularly at $2.45 and $3 per pair trousers like those that we
J **" 9WZOWB _-Cooo*9m have sold to hundreds of men in this city, and not a a** Qf_T
» dissatisfied customer among them for two days only ■ **^ * * *FO
9
» ' '
* _lrf n_^ff^WS_^ T^ big success of ast week's offering in Long Pants Suits for
* " -0. boys 14 to 19 years induces us to duplicate that offer for Friday and
* J_IS - v 1/yOQ/ SailS ltl{ni iV omv - ' There are large lines in satisfying assortments of
M-B « * colors and patterns. The materials guaranteed all wool — the stylos
J correct and sure to please the young man, and a perfect fit assured. Three lines are price-reduced:
% Suits worth $6.90 for ".. . . . $3.95
* Suits worth $7.50 for $4.95
9, Suits worth $8.50 and $10.00 for $5.95
9
J Boys' Jacket and Knee Pants Suits all wool $2.45 to $5.00
* • ______■___.
41 /i /~* \__ H^i iir _w0 im" m ~ta> m^ hb ■_^__f_r^l aap uu.\,trnse-
X cert to-morrow P^ Oolden'R.ule I^M^M_4 M mentis on page
i ni^ ht ' California's Largest— America's Grandest Store: 9 this paper.
SPAIN TO DEMAND
CHINESE TERRITORY
Collecting Evidence to
That End.
_ »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. HONGKONG, May 4.— Spain is col
lecting evidence here with a view to
claiming a cession of land in China as
indemnity from the Chinese Govern
ment for permitting the steamer Abbey
to leave Canton last August with arms
for the Filipinos.
The little steamer Abbey, or Abby,
was seized by the armed dispatch boat
of Admiral Dewey's squadron on Sep
tember 23 last. She was of American
register, though formerly known as the
Pasig. It was reported to Admiral
Dewey that she was carrying arms and
supplies of war to the Filipinos and he
sent the McCuiloch to intercept her.
When the American cutter finally
found the Abbey in Batangas Bay, on
the southern" coast of Luzon, the fllli
buster had landed her cargo of arms
and ammunition and the insurgents re
fused to give them up. Thereupon the
Abbey was seized and taken by the
McCuiloch to Manila, in accordance
with Admiral Dewey's desire to main
tain the status quo in the Philippines
pending the conclusion of the work of
the Peace Commission in Paris.
YOUNGEST CRIMINAL
IS AGAIN AT LARGE
Ricardo Machado, Suspected of Mur-
der and Convicted of Burglary,
Escapes From Whittier.
LOS ANGELES, May 4.— Ricardo Ma
chado, who is probably ; the youngest
criminal that was ever placed behind the
bars of any jail in California, is again at
large. . '
Ricardo is a little Mexican who hails
from San Pedro, and during his residence
on earth of nine years has been tried on a
charge of murder and was a few weeks
ago convicted in the Superior Court of
burglary. Several months ago his play
mate, Willie Schmidt, was shot, and died
a few days late. As ne and Ricardo had
gone out together on that fatal afternoon
Ricardo was accused of the crime and
lav in jail for several weeks. He told a
plausible story while on the witness
stand, declaring that the gun simply went
off and that was all he could tell about
the affair. Between sobs he clutched his
overalls, that came to his knees, and with
his unkempt hair he presented a most
woebegone picture. When the jury re
turned a verdict of not guilty his parents
took him home, but he soon forgot his
troubles and was caught in the act of rob
bing a candy store. For this crime he
was speedily found guilty and later sent
to the Whlttler Reform School under sen
tence to remain until he became of age.
To-day the big whistle at the school
sounded the warning that Ricardo had
levanted, and the ranchers and officers
are scouring the country for the runa
way. \: :V- : 1"
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON, May 4.— Army orders:
Captain Henry A. Shaw, assistant sur
geon, United States army, now at Wor
cester, Mass., on sick leave, is relieved
from further duty at Savannah, Ga.,
and also from duty and station at Fort
Spelling, Minn.', and will proceed to San
Francisco and report in | person to the
commanding officer of the general hospi
tal at that place for duty.
Major General Thomas M. Anderson,
United States Volunteers (brigadier gen
eral United States army), now in San
Francisco, is assigned to. temporary com
mand of the Department of the Lakes
and will proceed to Chicago and assume
command accordingly, relieving Major
General James F. Wade. United States
Volunteers (brigadier general United
States army). ;
The discharge from the service of the
United States by the commanding officer, I
general hospital, Presidio, San Francisco,
of Corporal Nelson G. Rask, Company I,
Tenth Peennsylvania Volunteer Infantry,
is confirmed.
Brigadier General. Harrison G. Otis,
United States Volunteers, having report
ed his arrival at San Francisco, will pro
ceed to his home.
The following named enlisted men, now
supposed to be stationed designated after
their respective names, will be discharged
from the service by the commanding offi
cer of their respective stations: Private
Harry E. Humphrey, Troop I. Fourth
United States Cavalry, Presidio of San
Francisco; Private Lewis H. Young,
Troop C, Fourth United States Cavalry,
Presidio of San Francisco.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— William H. Cush
ing, Santa Cruz; John B. Edelin, Eureka,
Increase— James S. Allen. Santa Ana. Re
issue—John Shelly, Suisun. Original
widows, etc.— Fannie I. Taylor, San Fran
cisco.
Oregon: Increase— A. Evick. Vic
tor. Original widows, Amelia C.
Pcol, Grants Pass.
PILGRIMAGE OF PYTHIANS.
Santa Cruz Preparing" to Welcome the
Grand Lodge.
SANTA CRUZ. May 4.-Avalin Lodge,
Knights of Pythias, is making elaborate
preparations for the entertainment of the
Grand Lodge, Knights of Pythias, which
will be held in this city during the week
commencing Monday, May 15. On Monday
the delegates will be met at the train by
the band and the reception committee, of
which ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter is
chairman. In the evening at the armory
a reception will be held. There will be
addresses of " welcome, responses and
speeches and a promenade concert. Dur
ing the. evening the Grand Lodge will be
called to order.
On Tuesday the Grand Lodge will be in
session from 9 to 11 o'clock. From 11 to 2
o'clock a bullshead dinner will be given
at the Dolphin Baseball Park. In the
evening the D. O. K. K. are to make their
annual pilgrimage.
Wednesday will be devoted to Grand-
Lodge sessions. In the evening Avalin
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purcbascrs* Guide to Respor)sible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers, Wholesale Traders. Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION,
IN CORRESFONDINO WITH ANT OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS FLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING. I . FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
L r. DEGEN, jSs-??SKS SS&SSffi! i jas boyes/ £-_rV^_£* CO.
•ion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. j — — — — ___
■ ■ — j -HARDWARE.
BOILER MAKERS. r>AL_ACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, '" '" ""Z'ro^Z* '"' """ *
VV. J BBADV Proprietor. " _ . - _ _. -.'
Special AH-auun Paid to Repair, an* Ship W «tern Found^. Morton £ Hedler. Prep*..
Work. 234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Do.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. Mad » 0 "-"-- *»*»«-*< "-»•
Telephone Main 6045. LIQUORS.
BOOK* AND STVno.ERY. RS H"***- SjSs^gg «£gjj
' THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, •■■-•-"■•"•«»■«■■•■.••*.•.'.
£42 to 350 Geary Street. Abo-re Powell. PAPER DEALERS
Periodicals, Books end Stationery. U/ll I *MPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
— If ILLMmCI IL 722 Montgomery Street,
purr nn\/ii corner r urtn *** ~ ■ — — ■ —
bftrt HU i fllg^^a 1 1 HucaHEsL gg? y
Valise, free. , ~ STATIONER AND PRINTER.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON. T 'r*™. Ph ' c P AR TRI *_ C *"*
J. C. WILSON & CO., THE HOC limn Cli Printer-. _»---<.
WOO BATTERY STREET. lilt. " 1 - 3 -»U«W *v- nr.ier. ayirat w.
Telepiion- Main 1564. . WAREHOUSEMEN.
COPPERSMITH. THE HASLETT. WAREHOUSE CO..
•JOSEPH FOX. Sum H . I.LTTH M_r. *' eton „*g£ \ToS_f %£s£££. O^
hPH *^"*" Hupl " M "*- xIM M '* T eral Btor_«e. Free and Grain Warehou.ea. Oe*.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine. Steamboat «-*! office, tiu California it. Tel. Mala 1914.
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 - — — . -—
Woshineton St. Telephone. Main 5641. WATCHES, ETC.
TI I'VTIV lUquartera for line Jewelry and
* Ll-Ufl. -k. Wedding Rlnga. *'d at
no C n; ncri/CD— M* Market, rma. * to M. ~~ — ' '■
DM V W iICWKCK Colton gaa tor painleaa WHlTjt ASH STEAM COAL.
extraction of teeth a specialty. . Mined by the *
"~* DRUGGISTS .WHOLESALE-. BI^CX^AMO N^^WN^^
REDINGTON&CO.f;^ 8 ?^;^ ■iHHsA , J^^
Lodge of Santa Cruz will give the exem
plification of the knight rank of the
Knights of Pythias. This will be followed
by a banquet. The Rathbone Sisters will
also have an exemplification of their work
by their grand officers.
Thursday afternoon the delegates are to
be given a drive around the city, the
cliffs and to the new city park at Da
Laveaga Heights, where the ladies will
serve light refreshments. In the evening
a ball will be given at the armory. Fri
day will be the closing day of the "session.
SONOMA OFFICER DEAD.
City Marshal Robin, a Pioneer, Sue-
cumbs to Illness.
SONOMA, May 4.-City Marshal Robin
died at his home in this place last night
at 9:25 o'clock after a brief illness. He
was one of the pioneers of Sonoma. He
located in this place in 1854 and has re
sided here ever since, with the exception
of one year spent at his old home In
France in 1892. Mr. Robin was very pop
ular, and held the office of City Marshal
for consecutive terms. He was an Odd
Fellow, and was 60 years of age. He
leaves a daughter and numerous nephews
and nieces, the latter residents of San
Francisco. The funeral will take place
under the auspices of the Odd Fellows
Saturday morning.
Snow Blockade Broken.
DENVER. May 4.— The first train over
the South Park line Into Dillon for four
months ran through solid walls of snow
to-day and steamed into town amid the
blowing of whistles and the ringing of
bells. The snow blockade had been broken.
Work is now progressing toward Lead
ville. and the entire South Park line from
Denver to the big camp will soon be open,
it is said at the general superintendent's
office, early next week.
Favors Gomez for President.
HAVANA. May 4.— Carlos Cesperjps,
i when interviewed to-night, said he fa
vored the election of General Gomez as
President. He declared the people and
army are united In favor of the old com-
I mander.
56
•KfcsV 93 *-v I^t^^_^_m^^ > " %& $-9- 9-$
FRIDAY MAY 5. 1899 j
JOHN D. SPRECKELS," Proprietor.
/ddress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone ■"■•in 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER "WEEK.
Sir-ide Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
pAILT CALL t including- Sunday all) "one year gfi.OO i
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.CM» j
DAILY CALL (including Sunday ail). 3 months 1.50 ;
DAILY CALL— By Single Month '"►■•'O '
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50 j
tVEEKLY CALL. One Year .00 j
All postmasters -•: authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway I
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Bulldlnfl j
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel j
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE. Marquette B_ildlna j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative. !
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock,. 387 Hayes street, OD_n until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 !
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock,' j
1941 Mission street, open urjtll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market) i
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eieventb i
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open !
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana ',
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The "Woman Hater."
Grand Orn*ra House : -"El Capltan."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tivoll— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening*.
Olymi'la — Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Ir.sterstate Pan^rarr.a Co.. -Jarket street, near Eighth
Battle of Manila Hay.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Pog Show.
Sutro Baths Swlmmlntt Races, etc.
El Campo — The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Funday. -
AUCTION SALES.
, — , — ■
By Frank' W. Butterfield-This day, at It o'clock. Saloon,
at 1342 Market ?treet.-
PflY GAS CHARGES, BUT PROTEST
WHILE the question of the rate the gas com
pany can legally charge consumers is in doubt,
the company is faking full advantage of the
situation and is sending out bills at the old rate of
$1 75 per thousand feet and is making every effort to
collect them! It is therefore important the ratepayers
should take notice of their rights under the circum
stances and act accordingly.
For the purpose of saving his legal rights the con
sumer should, when the bill is presented, decline to
pay at the rate of Si 75 and make the collector a
tender of payment at the rate fixed by the Super
visors of Si 10 per thousand. The collector will
doubtless refuse to accept payment at thai rate, and
then notice will be served by the company that unless
the bill is paid as rendered the meter will be taken
from the consumer's premises and the gas shut off.
Under that threat the consumer should go to the
office of the gas company, pay the amount extorted,
but at the same time make a formal protest against the
payment of a rate greater titan Si 10. The result of
such a course will be that when the courts have pas-cd
upon the question, and have upheld the rate fixed by
the Supervisors, the consumer will have a right to re
cover from the company all that has been paid by him
in excess of the amount of legal charges.
If the protest he not made no part of the sum ex
torted by the company can be recovered, as the pay
ment in such case will be held in law to have been
voluntary. If. however, the bill be paid under protest,
and only because it is extorted by a threat to remove
the meter and shut off the gas. the payment is involun
tary and the excess extorted by the company must
be refunded. The right course to be pursued, there
fore, is to pay, but protest. The gas company can
be compelled to respect the law. if the public is firm
in upholding its rights.
AN EASTERN VIEW OF IT.
COMMENTING upon the question of the right
of a Governor to appoint a United States Sen
ator when a Legislature fails to elect, the Bos
ton Herald points out that the announced intention of
the executive of California to appoint Burns, taken in
connection with the appointment of Quay, confirms
the wisdom of the framers of the constitution in de
nying such powers to the Governors of States. The
Herald says:
"These cases in Pennsylvania and in California are
strictly on a par in one important respect. The Sen
ators elected by the respective Governors are both
of them men whom the people, acting through their
Legislatures, have refused to elect. The most
strenuous man in asserting the Governor's power will
hardly claim that the constitution intended that he
should use it to veto an expressed decision of the peo
ple, yet this is what will be done if these two men
from Pennsylvania and California are admitted to
seats in the Senate. The reason and the equity of
the case, as well as the law, as again and again in
terpreted, forbid Such claimants to seats from being
acce; *
The soundness 01 that statement is not to be de
nied. The- Herald occupies the position of an impar
tial student of the situation. From the distance of
Boston it has no affiliations with factions or State
politics either in California or in Pennsylvania. It
surveys the .Senatorial contests from. the standpoint
of national politics only, and its judgment, therefore,
cannot be attributed to any bias or prejudice against
either Burns or Quay.
The point made by the Herald does not of course
affect the legal argument, for that turns upon the
power of a Governor to appoint without reference to
the character of the man appointed. It does affect
the issue, however, as a matter of fact, since it shows
the importance of upholding a strict construction of
the constitution in this respect.
It has been said often. of the framers of the con
stitution, "They builded wiser than they knew," and
the provision of the government on this point may
be taken as one of the evidences of it. ■ Certainly
in the light of present experience, if we had the con
struction of*, the constitution to go over again, the
danger of permitting Governors to appoint Senators
would be guarded against as carefully as it was by
the fathers, for we # have seen what, the fathers but
guessed at, that, were such powers conferred, Gov
ernors of States would intrigue to prevent the elec
tion of truly representative men to the Senate by
Legislatures in order to obtain for themselves the
opportunity of appointing some unworthy favorite of
their own. .
On his arrival at Southampton Tom Reed is re
ported to have said he is in England for the purpose
of having a rest, and now the country would like to
know who was'disturbir^-him, &<WAJikMwi£* x ,
M. M. ESTEE'S BLUNDER.
ALL patriotic citizens in the American republic
/ \ united with the deepest enthusiasm in their
•■ * recognition of the honor due to -Admiral
Dewey, in his personal and in his representative
character. But Mr. Estee seized the opportunity of
his selection as one of the speakers on "Dewey day"
to deliver an unjust, virulent and t inexcusable tirade
against millions of Americans who oppose the policy
of foreign annexation or conquest. His address was
as palpable a violation of the proprieties of the occa
sion as the philippic of Senator Stewart at Oakland
in 1869 in favor of the Chinese, which desecrated our
national anniversary.
Mr. Estee is the Handy Andy of the Pacific Coast.
He can be safely relied upon to commit any possible
blunder upon any public occasion. During the last '
session of the Legislature he blatantly advocated the
candidacy of Dan Burns, and thus involuntarily
helped the public by contributing to his defeat. He
has now set up a non-existing administration policy,
and by his unsolicited contribution to the numerous
misrepresentations of the attitude of the Government
has furnished nutritious arguments against his own
opinions.
It would be tedious to follow Mr. Estee through
his labyrinthine fulmination. But a few of his sen
tences may be profitably segregated and their ab
surdity exposed. Evidently misled by the Examiner's
perversions of Thomas Jefferson, instead of deriving
his information from original sources, he directly re
verses that great statesman's expressed opinions and
presents him as an advocate of expansion in foreign
countries. He then oracularly states that ''the nation
will grow fastest which offers to the world the best
government and the greatest amount of good unoc
cupied land." This correct proposition, the most ob
vious argument for adherence to our constitutional
system, and for the development of the American re
public on this continent, is one of Mr. Estee's rea
sons for insisting upon Asiatic expansion! What rot!
It is beyond controversy that unless revolutionized by
the imperialists we have' the "best government" in
existence, and that there is abundance of "good un
occupied land" in California, in Texas, in Arizona
and in the greater part of the Union. We have land
and resources that would easily support five hundred
millions of Americans, living in harmony and it.
prosperity under their constitutional Government.
"As the Philippine archipelago is far more densely
populated than the United States, even if the climate
were not prohibitory to our farmers and our horti
culturists, there is no room for them in that unin
viting and distant group of Asiatic remnants.
Mr. Estee also follows the monotone of expansion in
attempting to analogize our unsuccessful management
cf a few scattered Indian tribes in this vast continent
to the task of subduing and governing ten millions of
Filipinos. If our own concerns are insufficient to
satisfy our energy and our cupidity, and there is a
demand that this Government should become a politi
cal missionary, extending freedom by the use of ar
tillery, it would be preferable to take up the cause of
the Armenians or the Finns and enforce our civiliza- i
tion upon the Turks and the Russians.
In another part of his address he wantonly abused ;
every American citizen who. in opposition to the
policy of Asiatic expansion, has exercised his inalien- j
able rights, guaranteed by the Declaration of Inde- j
pendence and by the constitution. He paraphrased ■
the observation of General Merritt that we have "out
grown the constitution" into the weaker expression
that we have "grown beyond our youthful restraints,", j
and characterized millions of Americans, who are
simply loyal to their institutions, as "the enemies of
our country." He also falsified the record by saying:
"We would have had no war with- the Filipinos if
dissatisfied Americans had not sought to make the
Filipinos believe that we were bent on their oppres
sion." This is a nice assertion to make and a nice
doctrine to* be proclaimed by an aspiring politician
who has frequently and unsuccessfully solicited the j
suffrages of his fellow citizens. In 1882 and again in
1806 Mr. Estee should have announced his opinion
that dissatisfaction among Americans and the free
discussion of questions affecting their constitution
and their national policy should be suppressed be
cause they tended to encourage semi-barbarism six
thousand miles away to resist invasion on their own
soil. He was twice and overwhelmingly beaten as it
was. If he had revealed his conversion to despotism
his first defeat would have been his last.
Finally Mr. Estee uses the mercenary argument as
a sort of climax to his partisan harangue on a day
sacred to American nationality: "We have bought
these islands and paid for them when we could have
got them by conquest." We purchased the abstract
pretensions of Spain to the Philippines and found
that we had secured no element of title, not even
naked possession. We are now engaged in the ap
plication of imperial 'precedents in the distinct line of
conquest. This may have been forced upon us by
the treaty' of Paris. But, if we had been contented
with the crushing victories over Spain, had returned
to our ordinary business of enlarging and improving
citizenship, had maintained the Monroe doctrine, had
adhered rigidly to our own principles and had con
secrated ourselves afresh to the fulfillment of our
legitimate mission, the Filipinos would not have been
puzzled by their relegation, in their own home, to the
ranks of "rebels" and "insurgents," and there would
have been no effort to ingraft imperial shoots on the
American vine, rooted in our revolutionary epoch. and
yielding delicious fruits to humanity.
Mr. Estee- is welcome to his witches' caldron of
contradictory sentiments. The Call prefers its
Americanism and the peaceful expansion of consti
tutional liberty.
BACKING THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
IF the coming peace, conference fail to accomplish
anything of good for the world it will not be for
lack of support among the people in any part of
the civilized world. Peace associations of all kinds
have been busily engaged in a campaign of education
on the subject ever since the Czar's invitation to the
powers was first made public, and arrangements have
been prepared lor making an international demon
stration of peace sentiment during the sessions of
the conference. . •
As was to have been expected, the lead in the in
ternational demonstration has been taken by the
ladies. Mrs. May Wright Sewall, the American-mem
ber of "The International Peace and Arbitration
Commission,"" has sent' out circulars announcing that
simultaneous meetings of women will be held May
15 in the more important towns all over the civilized
world. It is the programme that at the meetings the
women will proclaim their universal and unanimous
idea of peace and the promotion of the principle of
justice (instead of force) in the international relations
of peoples. Besides, they will interchange addresses
of sympathy with all the other women gathered for
the same cause and at the same hour in other coun
tries.
The support given to the conference, however, will
not be confined to that extended by the ladies of the
international demonstration and by professional peace
societies. There exists in the commercial and finah
;*ia_ world and 4n the higher circles of statecraft --a
THE SA.N FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
strong desire to see something of real value to the
cause of peace achieved by the movement now. under
way. London, being the center of the commerce and
finance of the time, is naturally the point at which
peace propositions are most cordially received, and
accordingly public- sentiment there is more sanguine
cf good results from the conference than that of per
haps any other large city.
The earnestness with which the British people have
taken up the cause of peace is shown by the recent
statement of the Bishop of London: "No subject has
been received with such complete enthusiasm and
unanimity as this subject of the promotion of peace;
there is no subject on which the English people' have
been approached for a long time in which they have
•shown such deep interest. And this is the more re
markable, for the English public are not given to the
expression of ideas in the abstract."
Mr. Balfour, leader of the House of Commons,
has made himself conspicuous also among the san
guine promoters of the cause. In a speech a short
time ago he declared his conviction that if war were
not to; be extinguished it would be at least greatly
diminished. He then went on to say: "Since the
conclusion of the great revolutionary wars this coun
try has only once been at war with a civilized power.
That is to say, in a period of more than eighty years
our peace with the civilized nations of the earth has
only been disturbed for a single period of about three
years. Compare that with what went on in the last
century. A man of 40 at the present time has never
seen war in this country."
There is no- gainsaying the strength of public sen
timent in favor .peace. All the same, the suppres
sion of Finland has been accomplished, the nations
go on increasing their armaments, and so small a
matter as a witty speech on the part of a witty cap
tain of the navy so arouses the war passions of a great
people like the Germans that they are ready to tax
themselves to build up a greater navy just to relieve
their feelings.
GOVERNMENT IN BUSINESS.
IN Los Angeles is a sort of Aaron's rod club,
called "The New Democracy," which is organized
for the purpose of swallowing all the other fac
tions, fragments, 1 crowns, scepters, creeds, platform.-,
muniments of power and evidences of authority in the
party.
In conformity to its high title, it is new, if not
fresh.
There have been new movements in the party be
fore, but they were simply in the form of changes in
its drill, tactics, manual of arms and field formation.
Such was Vallandigham's "Dayton platform," in
which, after the war, he amnestied and forgave the
Republican party and . advised taking up issues of
revenue and matters that did not relate to the Civil
War. its cause, continuance and result. But the Los
Angeles newness is newer than anything that has
heretofore been proposed. The club had announced
itself for all the new ideas in finance. It must be
confessed that these, ideas are very old, have been
often tried and abandoned as unscientific and un
tenable. But the Los Angeles club has just heard of
them, and therefore they are new to it. It has been
known ever since the troglodytes rubbed sticks to
gether and made a fire that it would burn any finger
that is stuck into it, but this knowledge is new to
every child that is born and finds it out by trial.
The club, however, does not stop at its financial
discoveries. It is not content with its childlike faith
that the stamp of the Government can turn fifty'cents'
worth of property into a dollar's worth. It craves for
more new things. Mayor Phelan has these on tap in
the form of public ownership of public utilities. On
Wednesday night he appeared before the club and
exhibited his list, whereupon the club, without leaving
its several seats, amended its constitution so as to call
for Government ownership of telegraphs, telephones,
transportation, wharfage facilities and postal savings
banks, and municipal ownership of water, lighting and
street railroad plants.
One is surprised that the club stopped with this
sumptuous programme. If there is anything neces
sary to human existence it is food, fuel and shelter.
Why chase monopoly out of the freight business, run
it off the wharf and drive* away from the well and
the gas house and leave it to monopolize tenements,
clothing and food supply?
Already the pernicious principle "of the trust has
seized the prune and raisin product of this State, and
henceforth our mince pie is of the humble variety,
eaten in tribute to a trust, and our stewed prunes are
fed to us out of the hand of the monopoly. The wool
and cotton trusts may soon be on our backs,
arjd against whom have reformers said harder things
than the landlord, who criminally erects houses and
wickedly rents them to the poor?
A man may live long and never ride on a street
car, and may nightly retire by the flickering candle
or the moonbeam's misty light. But he must have
some "duds" and a house to live in. One is aston
ished that the progressive Mayor paused in the mid
career of his state communist fight. He should in
clude the real utilities, without which life is impos
sible. Give us state tenement houses, municipal bread
and butter and beefsteak, Government potatoes and
gravy. Let the state -no longer confine its tailor busi
ness to the striped misfits that cover those who serve
it involuntarily and without consideration, but let it
set up as snip to all mankind and womankind, too.
When a lady wants a tailor-made suit' let her file her
plan and specifications with the Secretary* of State
and receive her vestments at the hand's of a Govern
ment messenger boy. who travels over a state rail
road and gets his pay out of the treasury.
The noble Roman-; did as well. The state bought
triticum and triturated it in a state mill and baked
loaves in a state oven, and the grangers all went to
town to feed on state bread, and had nothing to do
but talk politics and mash the heads of each other.
The new Democracy is at Los Angeles far on the
road to the Roman plan. Can it be taken as an ac
cident or shall it be accepted as a sign and portent
that there is also at Los Angeles a general who has
crossed the Rubicon?
Where, the soothsayers? Will not some one bag
and unbowel a gull and study the peristaltic signs of
its interior? The new Democracy is abroad in the
land, and so are other troubles. Where is Zadkiel
and his almanac?
If the story be true that the publication in Germany
of Coghlan's song' about the Kaiser has had the
effect of inclining the people to favor the scheme
of increasing the navy, then our German cousins have
taken the joke entirely too seriously. It was intended
the burden. of the ditty should be a josh and not an
increase of taxation.
When the police have effectively closed the gam
bling rooms that have been running openly, it will be
a good plan to start after those which have been
working on the sly— but not so very' sly as to be out
of reach of any one wishing to gamble.
The report that the forces of Aguinaldo have been
routed again probably means they have moved out
of the way of our rifles to another hiding-place in the
rice swamps or the jungles and are as much of a fight
ing force as ever.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE FIBER INDUSTRY IN CALIFORNIA,
To the Editor of The Call: C. P. Huntington, at a recent banquet, parked
that in California we are neglecting many most important things ami in '"*'>
named that of the fiber industry. which in France, Germany, Italy ana
European countries is very highly regarded and cared for. . i_,i_,.
Why is it totally neglected here? Have we no land suitable for it, no die moor
eager for the employment it gives and no capital ready nor citizens enterprises
enough to develop so legitimate and profitable an industry, which, «a , *-"S me
world for its market, is capable of almost unlimited expansion? We nave an
these, and feel sure it is only necessary to point the facts out clearly ™ insure
proper attention by our enterprising capitalists and land owners to this imporwni
matter. .  . if ,-_
Our farmers now find little profit in the old-time cereal crops, whicn at low
current, prices are scarcely worth growing. They are looking for new ana more
profitable crops to raise, hence the successful attention that is now beginning -o
be given to sugar beets, flax and hemp, ail of which are yearly increasing.
Flax is a good, profitable crop for pur rich, moist lands, easily raised, ana
with recently improved machines bids fair to occupy before long a. prominent
place in our farmers' regard. Its great and almost only drawback is the nana
•weeding required to insure its success and that of sugar beets. But no nana
weeding is needed for the growth of flax's twin sister, hemp. This is the most
profitable crop that our -farmers can put into the ground. There is no intensive
farming required, no difficulty in the germination of seed, as in the case or sugar
beets; no expensive hand weeding, as is necessary with flax. ' All our farmers
know, well how to prepare their land and how to seed and cover and. later mow
grain for hay close to the ground. This is exactly the procedure for hemp. =>eiect
moist, loamy land— island, river bottom or irrigated is best- prepare well as if for
grain-hay, and about April 15 to May 31 sow broadcast fully one to one and a
half bushels per acre of good Japanese hemp seed if possible grown one year
in this State to insure its youth and fecundity— and nothing more is needed until
90 to 100 days later; the twelve to fifteen feet high stalks are cut down by the
usual mower. The stalks are at present then rotted or "retted" in the field by
the winter's rains, and about March or April are stacked in heaps, dried by the
sun and then decorticated by a very crude machine into 1500 pounds per acre" or
dark, poor hemp "fiber,"- which sells locally to Eastern buyers at about 4 cents
per. pound here free on board cars here.* This pays $60 per acre, of which $30
covers all expenses, having $30 net profit, a. fair result, but handicapped by the
long wait of nine months after harvest before the farmer gets his pay for crop
and labor, as well as by the injury to the quality the hemp fiber by the long
exposure to weather and the defective method of decortication. But all tins is. we'
learn, to be avoided in the near future, as a few public-spirited citizens are
making a most praiseworthy effort to make and put in the field next harvest
some of the latest improved and well vouched for new decorticators. These ma
chines do rapid and effective work in the field the day the hemp stalks are
mowed down, securing one-third more fiber per acre of double the old quality and
sale value, besides saving nine months' delay to the farmer in receiving payment.
This higher quality sells for 8 cents a pound East, and thus nearly doubles the
farmer's profit per acre, which will no doubt largely and rapidly ' increase Our
•hemp acreage and our farmers' and land owners' ; prosperity. We therefore be
speak for this movement from our citizens the attention and favor its merits and
benefits deserve, and wish it heartily every success. A. BANNISTER.
TAKES UP THE BROWN MAN'S BURDEN.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I. see by your editorial page that The
Call is the most fearless' paper in San Francisco, and that you are fair enough
to publish letters from. the people whether they voice your sentiments or not.
Therefore I hope you will be kind enough to publish this reply to some editorials
which appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle.
After reading the Chronicle's editorials of April 23 and 27, the former, "An
Object Lesson in Expansion," the latter, ."Little Real Progress," one would think
that the Chronicle is following the advice of R. W. Emerson, who. said, "Say
what you think to-day, even though you contradict what you said yesterday."
To say the least, it is pretty hard to tell which side of the fence the Chronicle
is on. -. ■:•;.- :
In its* editorial of April 23 it takes our acquisition from Mexico in 1847 as
"An Object Lesson in Expansion" and tries to make it a parallel case 'with
the one which now confronts us. It is" true that our acquisition from Mexico
proved to be a wise policy, but. the Chronicle docs not mention the discovery
of gold, which turned the eyes of the whole world and started the tramping
of tens of thousands of feet in the direction of the Gold Gate, enabling Cali
fornia to step into the sisterhood of States without the previous formation of
a territorial government, thereby becoming the bright-eyed Athena of this
great .republic. .: .
There are in the' Philippines about 1200 islands, aggregating 114 WO square
miles, which is only three-fourths as large as the State of California, and they
now have a population of 10,000,000 half civilized people. Think of it! Take
fourths of California and put 10,000,000 people on it and place 6000 miles
away and then what would be the sole advantage in retaining it? Nothing but
its commerce. There could be no other advantage.
And now (aside from national dignity, for we have already put our foot into
it and to back out Is cowardly) I say is it good policy tor a republic that was
born in the blood of rebellion, and that could never have thrown off the shac
kles of oppression had it not been for the aid of foreign power, is it good policy
I repeat, for a republic that has so dearly learned the blessings of freedom and
self-government to subjugate a poor, down-trodden, tax-eaten and battle-beaten
people who are fighting for self-government and a freedom that is peculiarly
adapted to their own understanding, yea, a subjugation that must come at the
expense of. maintaining an army of 100.000 and may be 300,000 men, a great per
centage of whom will lay down their lives at their post of duty? Yours truly
San Francisco, May 4, 1599. G. T HEALY '
DEWEY DAY AT MOUNT TAMALPAIS,
To the Editor of The Call: There was no trouble or dissatisfaction of any
kind at the Mount Tamalpais Military Academy in connection with the ob
servance of Dewey day. Our headmaster. Mr. Crosby, is an enthusiastic Ameri
can and a strong supporter of the administration and Its policy toward the Phil
ippine Islands. There were excellent reasons which satisfied the hoys as well
as the masters, against taking a whole holiday on that day. Respectfully yours
ALMER MAYO NEWHALL,
ARTHUR W. FOSTER JR.,
CHARLES W. CORBALEY,
. _ . Committee.
DEATH FLOATING
IN THE FUMES OF
BURNT GARBAGE
A. Vetter's Son Killed
by a Nuisance.
THE FATHER'S PITIABLE TALE
— * —
1 SENSATIONAL TESTIMONY BE
FORE JUDGE HEACOCK.
.. - — -♦
Nauseating Stenches, Charred Bits of
Paper and Disgusting Rags
Floating Over a Large
Area of the City.
I Testimony of the most damaging char
[ acter was given before United States
Commlsioner Heat yesterday morning
; against the garbage crematory, testimony
to the effect that the fumes from the
smokestack of the Sanitary Reduction
Works were dealing death and disease
around the neighborhood. The testimony
is being taken by Commissioner Heacock
for Judge Moorrow of the United States
Circuit Court, to be submitted for the
purpose of the trial.
The witness who gave the most sensa
: tional testimony of the day was August
\'<-!t'-r, a blacksmith and horseshoer
I Whose shop* is on Ninth street, between
i Bryant and Brannan. Mr. Vetter swore
; that shortly after the so-called sanitary
crematory had been put in operation his
| son, a robust, healthy boy of 18 years of
! age, was taken sick. A doctor was called
in and he declared that the cause of the
■ boy's sickness was the fumes from the
smokestack of the crematory. The boy's
sickness lasted for three months, at the
end of which period he died.
Vetter said that whenever the wind
blew from the southeast the most sicken
ing odors were carried into his residence
through the windows and doors. In fact,
j so- great was the nuisance that Mr. and
- Mrs. Vetter were obliged to keep the win
dows closed tightly all night, every night
! in the week, without regard to the direc
i tion of the wind, for that might change
when they were asleep and allow the
stench from the burning garbage to per
meate the air of the house. Not only had
they to contend with that, but they were
annoyed and their health was endangered
| by bits of charred paper and rags flying
j In at the windows and littering the vara
' whenever the wind happened to be blow
j ing in their direction. Vetter added that
I the nuisance had become so unbearable
that he had been obliged to begin a suit
in the Superior Court to have the crema
. Tory abated.
Tills testimony was taken in the suit of
j the Sanitary Reduction Works of San
i Francisco and others against the Califor
nia Reduction Company and others to
prevent the defendant from continuing in
I the business of burning garbage, the com
plainant alleging that by the terms of a
contract made with the Board of Super
visors the sanitary works had the exclu
sive privilege of burning all the garbage
. collected in San Francisco and of charg
ing htc scavengers a fee for that service
The taking of testimony will be conclud
ed in a day or two, and the transcript will
then be delivered to Judge Morrow for Ilia
perusal. Among the defendants are a
large number of scavengers who are ac
cused of refusing to take their loads to
the sanitary works and who Insisted on
Ithe sanitary burned at the opposition es
having them burned at the opposition es
tablishment.
THE HEANEY
APPEAL WILL
BE FOUGHT OUT
A Knotty Problem for
Democrats.
— ♦ —
PHELAN DEEPLY INTERESTED
— ♦— —
HE WIRES THE COMMITTEE ASK
ING DELAY.
♦——
The Absence of a Quorum Makes It
Easy for the Members to Grant
the Mayor's Re
quest.
- —
Mayor Phelan is aware,' apparently
that there Is "somethin* doln' " In Dem- ;
ocratic politics that may not inure alto- I
gether to his benefit. He was in Los I
Angeles yesterday at the hour scheduled I
j for the meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Democratic State Central Com \ •
; mlttee, but he manifested enough inter- \
j est in the event to be represented by Col
onel W. P." Sullivan Jr., who showed a
telegram from - his Honor containing the
. request that the committee should ad
. journ to some date at which he could be
present. The fact that there was not a i
j quorum of the members present made it i
easy to comply with the Mayor's request !
and the meeting adjourned until next '
Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock at the
; California Hotel.
Phelan's interest in the meeting of the i
committee is accounted for by the knowl
edge that that body proposes to take up
and dispose in some way of the appeal of
VJ . J. Heaney, in which he asks the State I
Central Committee' to declare the local
committee of one hundred to be an ille
gal and undemocratic body; The fact that
1 helan is, to all intents and purposes, the
; entire committee of one hundred, readily
accounts for his desire to be present
; when his political existence is being men
aced. The mere fact that the Heaney
appeal is being taken up at this late date j
shows beyond a question, even if it i
, were not rumored about, that Chairman
Mann and other members of the execu- !
tive committee have arrived at the con
'•_ elusion that the hundred should be dissi
: pated in the interest of party harmony. ■
Phelan, of course, is expected to fight !
the appeal on the ground that his hun
dred is a local and not a State political
'. body, for which reason he will claim the ,
State Central Committee has nothing to
do with it. The supporters of the
Heaney resolution— and there are Indica
tions, that they are In the majority— will
answer this contention with the other,
' that, as the hundred was organized at
| the direction of the State Central Com
mittee, that body certainly has control
of it.
At the meeting yesterday there were
only four of the members of the execu
tive committee present in the flesh. They
; were Chairman Seth Mann, Prison Di
-1 rector R. M. Fitzgerald. C. C. Wright of
Los Angeles and J. L. Gallagher. Four
others were represented by proxies. Mann
holding those of J. H. Sewell of Mendo- |
I cino and J. J. Dwyer. Gallagher holding
j those of Kassin of Santa Cruz and Dun
i bar of Sonoma. The meeting was short,
I Mann notifying the members of the com
t mittee of the receipt of the telegram from
; Phelan. and suggesting that, as notice
lof the meeting .had been mailed to the
Mayor during his absence, it might be a
' good plan to accede to his request. There
| were no objections, and a motion to ad
journ until next Thursday was carried.
Prison Director Fitzgerald voicing the
sentiment that at that time the commit
tee should take up and finally dispose of
the Ueaiiey appeal.
AROUND THE .
CORRIDORS
Dr. D. L. Deal and wife of San Jese are
guests at the Grand.-
J. C. Needham. an attorney of Modesto,
is staying at the Lick.
W. R. Bentley. a Seattle business man,
is staying at the Russ.
W. H. Cleary, a prominent mining man
of Stockton, is at the Lfcfc
Captain Frank Ftarr-tt. a banker of Palo
Alto, I: staying at the Lick.
F. A. 11,-irfjr.ann. a mining man of Los
Angeles, is at the California.
E. J. Mll-*y, a merchant of Winters, is
registered at tr," California with his wife.
. George R. Rjdf r, a prominent resident
of Sacramento, is at the Grand with his
wife.
George M. Hill, a mining engineer of
Auburn, is making the Lick his head
quarters.
A. Nichols and M. Smith, two prominent
mining men of Leadvilie, Colo., are guests
at the Russ.
Charles Rule, a well known dairyman
and rancher of Duncans Mills, is regis
tered at the Lick.
J. Maleville, a Grass Valley mining man,
and S. N. Laughlin a merchant of Moss
Landing, are late arrivals at the Grand.
Frank Barrett of Palo Alto, who has
extensive oil interests in the southern
part of the State, is located at the Lick.
James D. Speyer, the railroad financier,
is on a ten days'- tour of the Yosemite
Valley. He is accompanied by his party.
General Hubbard, first vice president of
the Southern Pacific, left last night for
Portland, en route to his home in \ e ™
York.
David YVilliams. cashier of the -port
Bank, and A. Nichols and M. Smith, two
mining men of Leadville, Colo., are among
the arrivals at the Russ.
S. M. Landrey arrived from Florida last
evening and registered at the California.
He was an officer on board the United
States ship Golden Gate before being
transferred to this coast.
Fred J. Schlotfeld of Grand Island,
Nebr., who is on his way to Manila, reg
istered at the California last night. Mr.
Schlotfeld, who is a member of the Com
missary Department, served under Col
onel Bryan.
Whitney Warren of New York, one of
fhe eleven successful architects in the
first competition for designs of the new
university buildings to be donated by Mrs.
Hearst, is a guest at the Palace" Mr.
YVarren comes to study the topography of
the proposed site and to collect other in
formation to aid him in perfecting the
final designs which he will submit.
S. Fujita, a representative of the Tokio
Street Railway, arrived from Washington
last evening and registered at the Occi
dental. He was accompanied by T. Fu
jita, a member of the paymaster's de
partment of the Japanese navy. The
former has been on an extended visit East
for the purpose of Investigating the street
railway systems. He was very much im
pressed with the air motor system and
thinks it wilL be used by his company.
He will leave in a day or two for Japan,
and will report his Investigations.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 4.— George Warford
of San Francisco is registered at the
Grand. P. B. Johnson of Sacramento is
at the Imperial.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POLL TAX EXEMPTlON— Subscriber.
City. The fact that a man is suffering
from such disability as to incapacitate
him from military service will not ex
empt him from the payment of poll tax.
THE CRIME IS BATTERY— B. S., City.
This correspondent asks: "Is it a crime
for a man to force blood from a cut on
his finger down the throat of a young
woman, even though it was claimed to
have been done in fun? If so, what is
the offense?" It is to be presumed that
the act of the man (who by the way
should have been dealt with in a sum
mary manner by some abled-bodied male
relative or friend of the young woman)
was against the will of the young woman. *
That being the case he was guilty of the
crime of battery. A man who would
commit such an act, even though in fun,
as he claimed, should be introduced to
one of the Police Judges by means of a
warrant of arrest.
.■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■ . —
Moved to 73 Fourth st. Best eyeglasses,
15c to 40c. Look out for No. 73. Hours 9 to 4
p. m. •■'.-•
■ ♦ »
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. *
■ ♦ .
Heroic Treatment.
"How are you gettling along with that
raw Swede girl you hired?"
"She is not raw now. My wife's mother
has. been roasting her three times a day
ever since she came."— Cincinnati En
quirer.
— . ♦..
•'Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been use**! for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures "Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
| Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
I ether causes. For sale by Druggists In every
i part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
slow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle. .
_■ ♦ .
HOTEL DEL CORONA Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per da:,*. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
_■♦ » '
The stout girl and the slender girl met
and kissed fervently. 
"What an awful waste!" said the smart
young man, being near.
"Veliki he have been speaking of me?"
asked the slender girl, dejectedly.—
dianapolis Journal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
An eminent scientist re-
cently said : " Cod-liver Oil
is truly a wonderful com-
position. It is seemingly
Nature's remedy in almost
every wasting disease."
Scott's Emulsion contains
the pure oil combined with
hypophosphites, it rebuilds
worn tissues, enriches the
blood, invigorates the nerves,
stops drains and wasting.
Consumptives, Diabetics,
pale or thin people, or nurs-.
ing mothers, should remem-
ber this. Do not accept a
substitute.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists. -,:..-_
SCOTT - BOWNE, Chemists. New YoA.'TIS THE THING TO
GO SEE THE DOGS
Fashion Lends Its Presence at the
Kennels.
WHAT ONE HAY SEE.
TTESTERDAY the sexes were more I
V equally represented at the dog show. '
■ the I g show.
j The gentler and the sterner vied with j
each other in their attentions to the
bow-wows. Men stood around and ad
mired the wee specimen .>. the canine ■
tribe, and as. a return compliment women
stood in awful admiration in front of the
St. Rernard. Newfoundland and Great
Dane kennels.
At the "freak end" there were fresh
flowers and many a dog lived up to the !
fashionable standard of its mistress by j
showing off a new cushion and ribbon j
The owners of pet canines were very I
much in evidence. They sat the entire j
day at the kennel side of their pets,
cheering their captives with tender, lov
ing phrases and soft caresses. These
faithful ladies varied the monotony of
the long day by exchanging alls, thus
managing to put in some time with al- :
most every "cute dog" In the show. ;
Interest around the judging ring was j
more lively than at the opening, and fre- j
•quent applause greeted the lucky dog i
who led off with a blue ribbon.
"Fashion" cam-* in small cliques to the !
show. Swell misses in bunches of twos or i
threes made the rounds, duly admired all
the animals, bought a catalogue, took a I
long, wise look at the judge and de- !
parted. j
The crowd had a more "doggy" look i
than on the opening day. There were
men there whose dress and figure and
general appearance betrayed their love
for and knowledge of dogs. These stood
around the judges' stand and noticed i
leveryI every move made by the animals and the ■
judges. Lacey showed the latest in dog
judging clothes in tan and gray. '
♦
THE POINTER PUZZLE.
Are the Sporting Dogs to Be
Bred for the Bench or for
Field Purposes?
Interest in the bench Fhow of yesterday
8 centered in the judging of the sport
: classes, which include pointers and
■
is. already stated in The Call, pointers
_ setters were the observed of all ob
vers. and naturally a large and inter
ert. crowd gathered around the ring to
Judge Lacey put the canines through
at is commonly called •'the judge
"'rruman was. not highly pjeaaed.-or
ted with the decisions given to Irish
ters* because of the fact that his high
ss stud dogs, or in other word the
j genitors of stock that have been dis
ed of by Truman, won laurel over
ir dies."'
Ithnugh Truman was not .favorably
•ressea with the awards as rendered
the judge, the consensus of opinion
ong sportsmen was that he should
*c felt highly elated because of the
t that his old stock received most fa
able notice through the success
leved by their offspring.
he pointers were a very choice lot,
IT Judge Lacey found the task of seg
gregating the Rood from the middling i<\
no means easy. Of course his decisions
werejseyerely criticized by those who pro
fess to know all about dogs, their good
and bad points, etc., but a judge of a
bench show would be the most astonished
being on earth :f he discovered after a
day's experience in the ring weeding the
chaff from the grain' that there were
among the exhibitors few if any "kick
ers." Every bench show has its "kick
ers," and without- those "never satisfied
beings" a' bench show would cease to be
come an attraction to at least the sport
ing fraternity.
Something that puzzled many exhibitors
was the reversal of decisions by the judge
In some of the pointer classes. .In the
open class, for Instance. Ashbury beat
Aiex C and Cuba of Kenwood, but when
the dogs met again luring the evening
session the decisions of the afternoon
were reversed. The judge explained the
reason for the reversals by stating that
in the open class he judged the dogs from
a bench show standard (.doubtless ■he
judged tln-m according to Stonehenge,
who is a recognized authority on dogs and
the points connected with even well
mart and generally recognized kinds)
and also from a standard that he con
siders applicable to the field. Ashbury,
according to the judge's Idea, is the better
dog on the bench, but in the field he is
an inferior animal *o Alex C.
The question now at variance is what
object has the sportsman In breeding and
raising pointers.' Shall the pointer be
come a bench show dog exclusively or _
dog used for field trial purposes? "if, ac
cording to Judge Lacey; a dog must have
certain qualifications to insure him a blue
or red ribbon on the bench what then is
the use of exhibiting a .field trial winner
if his chances of success are rill? The
judge has certainly cast out a Chinese
puzzle to the pointer men, which will give
them food for thought for some time to
come.
Lacey'*? decisions, so far as the grey
hounds were concerned, were extremely
bad. 01 ing Ski. an imported dog, first
over _;..•■ Island Boy and especially vic
tor King, astonished even 'he tyros of the
coursing game. Any man with half an
eye should certainly see that Swedish did
not compare in any way with Systematic,
•till Swedish won the blue ribbon. Evi
dently Mr. Lacey Is not well up on the
points of the greyhound. The judging will
be continued to-day and will doubtless
finish on Saturday afternoon.
HIGH-CLASS DOGS.
Canines That Wear Ribbons
Which Are the Winning
Colors.
Judging of the different classes was
[ resumed yesterday at 10 o'clock and con
! tinued until 10 o'clock last evening, ex
j cepting the intermissions for lunch and
I dinner. The awards of yesterday are as
! follows:
I Newfoundlands, puppies, dogs and bitches-
Prizes withheld. Open, dogs and bitcnes—
First, Prince, James McEnroe. 4!*o Hayes
, street. San Francisco; third. Don. M. J. Fair-
I field, 304 Thirtieth street, San Francisco; sec-
I ond, George M, William Men, 1811 ii, unlit
; street, San Francisco.
Deerhounds. limit, dogs and bitches— First.
I Marco, Mrs. W. is. Hooper, Occidental Hotel,
; San Francisco. Open, dogs and bitches First,
'■ Lassie 11. Mrs. W. B. Hooper, Occidental Ho
■ tel, San Francisco.
! hounds, novice dogs — Second, Victor
; King. Mllo kennels, Pacific Coast Jockey Club,
j Palace Hotel. San Francisco; first, Rock
i Island Boy. Mllo kennels, Pacific Coast
| Jockey Club, Palace Hotel, San- Fran
: clsco. Novice, bitches — First, Snow. Dr.
IW. F. McNutt. 1220 Butter street, San
; Francisco. Limit, dogs — Second. Victor
: King, Mllo kennels. Pacific Coast Jockey
j Club, Palace Hotel, Ban Francisco. Open,
I dogs— Third, Victor King, Milo kennels. Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, Palace Hotel, San Fran
: Cisco; second, H.« Island Boy, Milo kennels.
Pacific Coast Jockey chili. Palace Hotel, San
Francisco; first, imported Ski, Rincon kennels,
I 731 Harrison street, San Francisco. ■,'••:..
' bitches— First, imported Swedish, Rlncon ken
i nels, 731 Harrison street, San Francisco; sec
i ond, Systematic, Domlnlck Shannon, 16 Dame
' street. San Francisco.
Newfoundlands, puppies, digs and bitches-
First, Prince, James McEnroe, 493 Hayes street,
San Francisco; reserve, George M, William
Merz, 1811 Haight street, San Francisco.
Greyhounds— Winners, dogs— Reserve, Rock
Island Boy, Mile kennels, Pacific Coast Jockey
j Club. Palace Hotel, San Francisco; first, 1m
; ported Ski, Kile kennels. 751 Harrison street,
j San Francisco. Winners, bitches Reserve,
I Snow, Dr. W. F. McNutt, 1220 Butter street.
I San Francisco; first. Imported Swedish, Etlncon
' kennels, 701 Harrison street, San Francisco.
! American Foxhounds, puppies, dogs— C, Bum
i mer. Kelson & Buchan, 2')30 Railroad avenue,
j Alameda, Cal.; first, Rush, J. Fender. 221 Scott
! btreet, San Francisco; second, Milk Punch, Mrs.
j F. W. Sanderson, 416 Fulton t-treet, San Fran
| Cisco. Puppies, bitches— Second, Jennie, Nelson
I & Buchan, 2v3'> Railroad avenue, Alameda, Cal.;
• third, Mountain Fanny, Nelson & Buchan, '2030
j Railroad avenue, Alameda, 'Cal.; first, Fanny
I N, J. Fender, 231 Scott street, San Francisco.
' Novice, dogs— First, Ring B, C. M. Bel fridge,
I 10tS Broadway, Oakland, Cat.; second and third
■ withheld. Novice. bitches— Third, Maggie,
j William August, San Leandro, ' 'al : reserve.
Nellie H. W. < *. Brown. 320 Sims. street, San
1 Francisco; 'second. Skill, W. R. Locke, San
] Leandro, Cal.; first, Jennie, Fred Braemer,
1 Buena Vista avenue and I'aru street. Alameda.
I Cal. Limit. dogs-Second. Max, J. H. Fisher
! Jr., 60S Commercial street. San Francisco; first,
i Drum, S. S. Fender, Elmhurtt, Cat. Limit.
, ; bitches— First, Queen N, H. P. Nelson, 2020
. Railroad avenue, Alameda,. Cal. Open, dogs
. i Third. General Moltke, Charles K. Harl 554
i Harrison street, Sari Francisco; second. Judge,
j J. H. Ravakes, San Leandro, Cal.; first. Sail;
'j S. S. Fender. ISlmhurst, Cal. Open, bitches—
| First, Melba C, A. W. Combs, 1116 Second ave
i nue, Oakland. <*al. Winners, dogs— First,
' | Drum, S. S. Fender. Elmhurst. Cal.; reserve,
! Ring S. C. M. Selfrldge, 1068 Broadway. Oak
j 'and. Cal. Winners, itches — Reserve, Jennie,
I Fred Braemer, Buena Vista avenue and • Paru
j street. Alameda. Cat; first. Queen N. H. P.
Nelson, 2020 . Railroad avenue, Alameda, ("al. .
' Russian Wolfhounds, (pen, dogs and bitches—
\ First. Helen Hunt, Joseph-N. Spencer , Denver
■ Colo.
Bloodhounds, puppies, dogs and bitches— First
Rodger, Irving C. Ackerman, . 2202 California
street, San Francisco.- Open, dogs and bitches—
First, Rodger. Irving C Ackerman, 2202 Cali
\ fornia street, San I-Yancisco.
• Chesapeake Bay Dogs, pen, dog- and bitches
—Prizes- withheld.
Pointers, puppies, dogs— First. Ben All Y.-
semlte kennels, W. l; Chute, proprietor '■ '.
• box 677, San Jose, Cal. Novice dogs, 56 'pounds
or over— V. H. C, Kenwood Joe. W. B. Coutts
Kenwood. Cal.; second, Sam's Bow, Stockdaie
kennels, Bakersfield, Cal; third. Rainbow
George VV. Russell. 1208 Devisadero street Sail
! Francisco; V. H. C, Qlendale. William Ring
rose, 1031 No* street, San Francisco- first
Fsrand, Mrs. H. McCarthy', 565 O'Farrell street'
. San Francisco; reserve, Senator P, j -,%■' •
Flynn. 119 Lyon street, San Francisco; H i- :
Bob, Robert J. Buyer. 17 First street, San Fran
cisco. Novice, dogs under 6S pounds First
Plain Sam's Son, Verona kennels. 606 Califor
nia street, San Francisco: third. Bud, Clarke
: and Kennedy. 2 California street, San ■■■;,•,
I clsco; second. Nigger Joe, W. B. Coutts Ken-
I wood. Cal. Novice, bitches under 60 pounds
Third, I'ebora, Louis Schneider, 317'% Tenth
I street San Francisco; second. Jingo's Bagpipe
Stockdale kennels. Bakersfield, Cal.; first. Vega
! B Stockdale Kennels, Bakersfield, Cal. Limit
I dogs 55 pounds or over— Second. Cubs of Ken
wood kdal? kennels. Bakersfield, Cal.;
third, Don <"'. B. W. Gladwin. 339 Kearny
street Sar. Francisco; first. Senator P, J. \v.
I Flynn 118 Lyon street, San Francisco. Limit.
I dogs under 53 pounds— Second. Ashbury, M. O.
Feudner, 538 Market street. San Francisco;
■ first Plain Sam's Son. Verona kennels. 505 Call
! forn'la Btreet. San Francisco; third, Jefferson,
F P Butler. 405 California street. San Fran
cisco' H. C. Buck of Kent. Yosemlte kennels,
"W r Chute,' proprietor. San Jose. Cal. Limit,
! bitches, under SO pounds— First. Nellie Wilson,
'■ Sto-kdale kennels, Bakerstleld. Cal.; second.
Sister Glenbeigh G, William Gall, Mount Eden.
■al Open, dogs, 55 pounds or over— Reserve,
Cuba of Kenwood, Stockdale kennels, Bakers
i field Cal ; first, Sam's Bow, Stockdale kennels.
Bakersfield. Cal.; V. H. C, Olenson, Benjamin
,7 Baura 1801 Polk street. San Francisco; third,
i Joe D, A. Barker; 16 Clay street. San Jose,
I Cab ; second. Senator P. J. W. Flynn, 119 Lyon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
i | street. San Francisco. Open, bitches, 50 pound- j
or over-First. Jill, A Barker, 16 Clay street,
; Ban .ins*-. Cal. Open, dogs, under 66 pounds-
First, Ashbury, M. O. Feudner, 588 Market
street. San Francisco; third. Nick ON, Mount -
i am View kennels, J. E. Lucas, proprietor. Pan
Clemente, Cal.; second, Aleck C, Mountain
: View kennels. .i E. Lucas, proprietor, San
Clemente, Cal.; reserve. Upton of Blithe. Elcho
kennels, A. B. Truman, proprietor. 1425 Steiner
street. San Francisco. Open, bitches, under 50
pounds— First. Beulah C. H. C. Golcher, 588
Market street, San Francisco: second, Nellie
Wilson, Stockdale kennels, Bakersfield. Cal.;
v. H. C, Nora S. David Scott. 3'rS3 Sixteenth
street. San Francisco; 'V. 71. C, Sister Glen
belgh C. William Gall. Mount Eden. Cal.;
i third. Ells I*. Mountain View kennels, -I. B.
Lucas, proprietor. San Clement-, Cal.; 11. C,
Queen High Mountain View kennels, J. E. Lu
cas, proprietor. San Clemente, Cal.; reserve,
I Queen. Nov L. Donovan. Santa Rosa. <"al.
Winners, dogs-First, Plain Sam's Son. Verona
! kennels, 506 California street. Sun Francisco;
reserve. Ashbury, M. O. Feudner, 538 Market
street, San Francisco. Winners, bltches^-He
serve. Nellie Wilson. Stockdale kennels, Ba
kersfield. '"a!.; first. Beulah G, H. C. Golcher,
538 Market street. San Francisco.
English Setters, puppies, dogs- First. Leister'
Thomas R. Dixon, 122*1 Pacific street. San Fran
cisco: second, Dewey, Charles IS. Easton, 1320' i
. Pacific street, Sah Francisco: third, Sport, John
H. Dotels, Sausalito, Cal Novice, dogs— V. H.
C, Rex Jr., B. E. Smith, 2030 Steiner street
San Francisco; C. Silklt, Hermann F. Muller,
2130 Lyon street, San Francisco; V, 11. <". Spot
. I. eon A. Kontgshofer, 2137 Santa Clara avenue,
Alameda, Cal. ; V. H. C, Monk of Frisco,
George Walker. 310 Batten' street, San Fran
cisco; first. Merry Prince, W. E. Coutts. Ken
wood. i 'a!.; third. Verona California, Gardner
& Mitten. 140. Eighth street. Alameda. Cal.;
reserve, Dan, C. L. Dietz, ft Front street, San
Francisco: second, Sport W, W. L. Whepley,
Fresno. Cal. Novice, bitches— First, Fannie.
John J. Dyer, 420 Shotwell street, San • Fran
cisco: third, Melba T. Gong Tyng, 807 Stockton
street, San Francisco; second, Queenle, Har
court G. Biggs, Hay wards, <^al. Limit, dogs-
First, Keystone R, John J. Dougherty, 46 Shot
well street, San Francisco. Limit, bitches—
Second, Belle D. John H. lieteis. Sausalito,
Cal.; third, Queen Hess, W. M. Fitzmaurlce,
TIM Fifteenth street. Oakland, Cal,; first, Dolly
V, Yosemlte kennels, W. _. Chute (proprietor),
San Jose, Cal. Open, dogs— Third, Monk of
Frisco, George Walker, 22S Battery* street. San
Francisco: 11. C, Tray Spot, A. Decourtieux
Jr.. 629 Merchant street, San Francisco; first,
Duke of Furness. Henry M. Nixon. 21 North
! Fifth street, San Jose, Cal.; second, Sport W,
W. L. Whepley, Fresno, Cal. Open, bitches—
Second, Queenle, Harcourt G. Biggs, Hay
wards, Cal.; C, Peach Nugget, Gardner &
Betten. 1709 Nineteenth avenue, East Oakland.
Cal.; first. Flora* W, Philip M Wand, 410 Post
j street. San Francisco; third withheld. Winners,
dogs— Reserve, Merry Prince, 'W. M. <*outts,
i Kenwood, Cal.; first. Duke of Furness. Harry
| M. Nixon, 21 North Fifth street. San Jose. Cal
• Winners, bitches; Reserve, Dolly v. Yosemlte
kennels. San Jose, Cal.; first, Flora W, Philip
M, Wand, 410 Post street, San Francisco.
Irish setters, puppy' dogs- First, Jack, F. H.
Gibson, S3*: Mission street, San Francisco. Pup
py, bitches— First. Lady Josie 11. Howard
Black. 27, Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Novice dogS C, Luke. William Allen Tilly,
133 Ellis' street. San Francisco; second, Box,
C W. Nordwell, 1" Montgomery street, San
Francisco; first, Wallace Swiveler, Thomas
Russell, 60S Post street. San Francisco; C,
Morte. J. F. Griffith, 2906 Twenty-third street.
San Francisco; third. withheld. Novice,
bitches— Second, Sappho, Miss Birdie de Vaull,
l*?." Post street. San Francisco; first. Queen
Bess 11, Duval Moore, 2600 Fillmore street, San
Francisco. Limit dogs— First, Wallace Swiv
eler. Thomas Russell, 508 Post street. .San Fran
cisco: third, Barrymore, Glenmore kennels, 2041
Linden street, Oakland, Cal. Reserve, -Fin
glas Jr., Glenmore kennels, 2041 Linden
street Oakland. Cal.; H. C, Glenarm,
. Mrs J. P. Martin, 8240 Washington street, San
Francisco; second, Mike Swiveler T., Klcho
kennsl. A. B. Truman, proprietor. 1425 Steiner
street San Francisco. Limit, bitches— Third.
Sappho. Miss Birdie de Vaull. 1828 Post street.
San Francisco; first, Maid of Glenmore,- Glen
more kennels. 2011 Linden street, Oakland, Cal.;
second, Lady Swiveler, Elcho kennels. 142*.
Steiner street. San Francisco. Open, dogs
First. Wallace Swiveler. Thomas Russell, 508
Post street, San Francisco; H. (>., Glenarme,
Mrs J P. Martin. 3346 Washington street, Ban
Francisco'; second. Champion Mono 11, Elcho
kennels 1425 Steiner street. San Francisco;
third Lad of Glenmore, George B. M. Gray,
4*4 Ninth street, Oakland. Cal. Open, bitches—
Second Sappho, MISS Birdie de Vaull, 1828
Post street. San Francisco; . exhibition only,
Lady Juno, Howard Black, 24 Montgomery-
Street San Francisco; first. Champion Light
' ning 'A. B. Truman. 1425 Steiner street. San
Francisco Winners. dogs First, Wallace
Swiveler, Thomas Russell, 508 Post street. San
Francisco reserve. Mike Swiveler T., Elcho
kennels 1425 Steiner street, San Francisco.
Winners, bitches— Reserve, Queen Besa 11. Dv
: val Moore 2500 Fillmore street, San Francisco;
first Champion Lightning, Elcho kennels,
1425 'steiner street, San Francisco.
Gordon setters, novice, dogs and bitches
Prizes withheld. Limit, dogs and bitches—
First, 'Clarmont, Ehret Bros.. 1625 Nineteenth
street Sacramento, Cal. Open, dogs and
hit. he's Third. Queen A, A. L. Palmer. 631 Oc
tavia Street San Francisco; second. Belle M.
J H W Muller, Fitchburg, Cal. ; first, Dick
111 Frederick E. Elliott. 4111 Twentieth street,
San Francisco: <* . Echo Clinton, Ehret Bros.,
1623 Nineteenth street. Sacramento, Cal. Win
i ners dogs and bitches— First, Dick IJI. Fred
erick A Elliott, 4111 Twentieth street. San
Francisco; reserve. Belle M. J. H. W. Muller,
j Fitchburg. Cal.
Field trial class, dogs— Second. Ashbury (for
-1 merly Bummer W), M. O. Feudner. 538 Market
street, San Francisco; third. Cuba of Kenwood,
Stockdale kennel*. Bakersfield, Cal. ; first,
Aleck C, Mountain View kennels. San Clem
ente, Cal. Bitches— First. Nellie Wilson. Stock
' I dale kennels. Bakersfield. Cal.
Irish water spaniels, . puppies, dogs , and
' bitches— First, Robert Emmet. S. W. Horton,
Evening Post.. San Francisco.
Irish water spaniels, limit, dogs and bitches
' —First. Tarn O'Shanter, I/. Ph. Bolander, 482
! Fair Oaks street, San Francisco. Open, dogs
' and bitches— Second, Champion Dan Maloney.
:W. H. Williams, 61 Tremont avenue, San
Francisco; first. Belle Marsh. W. H. Williams,
i6l Tremont avenue.* San Francisco. Winners,
dogs and bitches— First, Robert Emmet, S. W.
j Horton. Evening Post, San Francisco; reserve.
Belle Marsh, "W. H. Williams, 61 Tremont ave
nue. San Francisco.
Field spaniels, puppies, dogs anil bitches-
First, P.oyd Monarch 111, N. 5. K. Boyd. Ban
Rafael. Cal. Novice, dogs and bitches— First,
Koyd Monarch 111, N. G. K. Boyd, San Batael.
CM. Limit; docs and bitches First. Royd
Monarch 111, x. <;. K. Boyd. San Rafael. Cal.
Open, dogs and bitches— First, Rondo, Mrs. A.
F. Marsh. 828 O'Farrell stueet, San Francisco;
second, Royd Monarch 111, N. G. K. Boyd, San
Rafael. Cal; third. Fowler M. .1. Church. Oak
dale, i"*a!. Winners, dogs and bitches— First!
Rondo, Mrs. A. F. Marsh. 32S O'Farrell street.
Ban Francisco; reserve. Royd Monarch ill, N.
G. K. Boyd. San Rafael, r*ai.
Cocker spaniels (not over 28 pounds), black,
puppies, dogs— ll. ("".. Brigadier. J. W. Mere
dith. 2324 Hilgard avenue. Berkeley. Cal.; first.
Oakland Fascination, Oakland Cocker kennels.
567 Thirty-sixth street, Oakland, Cal.; second.
Duke Picpanla, W. F. Roeder, 1 Grant avenue,
San Francisco. Puppies (not over 2S pounds),
bitches— Second, Plumeria Princess, Plumeria
Cocker kennels, 171 Cook street, San Francisco;
reserve. Miss Frisco, May Hyman. 2214 Jack
son street. San Francisco; first. Maid of Oak
land, Oakland Cocker kennels, f.67 Thirty-sixth
•"treet. Oakland, Cal.: third, Jersey Countess.
T. W. Lottridge. Golden Gate. Cal,
JUDGE BELCHER AFFIRMS.
THE RIGHT OF BICYCLISTS,
SUSTAINS, THE DECISION OF
THE JUSTICES' COURT.
Drivers Are Held Responsible for Ac
cidents When on the Wrong
Side of the Road.
! Superior Judge Belcher decided a case
: yesterday which is of particular interest
alike to wheelmen and to the users of
other vehicles. The case was an appeal
from the Justices' Court, where judgment
was obtained for the plaintiff. Judge
: Belcher sustained the ruling of the court
! below.
W. T. Macfarlane, a wheelman, was the
plaintiff, being represented by the law
firm of Adams & Adams, who also repre
sent the California Associated Cycling
Clubs in cases of this character. Mr. Mac
farlane, while riding a wheel on Golden
Gate avenue in a westerly direction and
on the right hand side of the road, was
run into by a wagon driven by John
Weber, who was coming down Golden
Gate avenue. Weber was on the wrong
side of the road.
Judge Belcher's opinion was an oral one,
but in deciding the case he reviewed thor
oughly the law of this State and of Can
ada. He held that while it might appear
a hardship in a case which might seem
merely an unavoidable accident. -yet from
the fact that defendant was driving on
the wrong side of the street he must be
held answerable. A person found on that
portion of the highway to Which he has
not the. statutory right must '"' __?'_ an "
swerable for a collision resulting with one
who was on the right side of the thor
°The officials of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs are prosecuting vigorously"
all drivers who run down wheelmen while
the latter are riding in the proper place.
RUN OVER AND KILLED.
Steve O'Brien Loses His Life While
Biding on a Freight Train
Near Baden.
Steve O'Brien, who resides at 8 San
' Antonio street, was run over by a freight
train near Baden about 7 o'clock last even
ing and Instantly killed. He was on his
way to see his relative, Robert Ripley,
when he met his untimely death. Imme
diately after the accident his family was.
' notified and his father ami brother drove
! to the scene to recover the body.
The deceased was 30 years old and lived
with his father and brothers. He was a
I bartender by occupation, but was out of
employment. It is thought that he was
I on his way to Baden with a view to ac
• eepting a position. SgBwHPSp
Steve O'Brien was well and popularly
1 known, and his numerous friends will re
| gret to hear of bis sad fate. He leaves a
! fatherland four brothers. The brothers
I are Michael, who is foreman of number 12
] engine; Timothy, who is now in Manila
as a member of the hospital corps, and
Jerry and George.
"W" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents. $35. Leavltt & Bin, 309 Larkln."
Rally and Essay Contest.
The League of the Cross will hold a
rally and essay contest in Metropolitan
Hall next Sunday afternoon. Great- in
terest Is centered in the contest, as it is
the last of the present series, which has
been so [successful. The winner will not
only be awarded a silver medal but will
have the privilege of competing for the
Archbishop Riordan medal in August.
Five parishes- St. Mary's Cathedral,
Sacred Heart, Holy Cross, St. Francis
and St. Brigld's— will be represented. Rev.
James McDonald of St. Peter's. Church
will deliver the address. An excellent mu
sical programme, including selections by
the glee club of Company A, will be fur
nished. Admission will be free to all.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street. corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
A Bicyclist Injured.
11. T. Beck, living at 1627 Tenth avenue,
while riding- a bicycle along Devlßadero,
near Post, late yesterday afternoon, col
lided with a brewery wagon. He was
thrown of- his wheel, sustaining" a lacer
ated wound of the scalp and several
bruises about the face. His injuries were
dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
|<ff>o<B'O<*>o<?>O'*>O-«>o<«>o<?>o^O<S>O<s>o<J'O*o <$0 -*o<?>o<s'o'«*o ■%> o<*_>o-*4>o<s>o<s>o-s>o<*-o<'»n'
Mackay • $
Quits %
Furniture ]
Prices Cut i
to Cost 1
**»
o
. Carpets, Furniture, Matting, Linoleums- *
. everything in the store must sell quickly: %
! We are positively going out of business — %
. we have cut the prices to do so. S
i The quicker you buy the : better — select %
j goods are going rapidly. .. • " '"_%
' Here are a few : £
. • <s>
; jooo yds Tapestry Carpet at 45c ' Enameled Iron Bedsteads, Brass o
, . 5000 yds 10-wire Tapestry- Car- trimmed $3.25 ,t
. pet, including the ( Roxbury, j Solid Brass Bedsteads trom..slB $
' 'Stinson and all leading mak-s.. | Chamber Suites in .Golden Oak, °
i 65c Mahogany, Maple, thit were q
Lowell Body Brussels 95c j 52*; to fioo, n0w.. .515 to $65 <$>
'_ Bigelow and Hartford Axmins- ; Hi>h-back Din'ng Chairs 95e 9
ters $1.15 Hall Racks, Golden Oak, that • %
200 rolls Linoleum, per yard. j were $10 to 550, now <S>
' . 300 rolls Japanese Matting, per! .....$7 to $35 9
> yard 18c : Sideboards, Buff Tabourettes, %
• 2000 yard*- Ali-wool!n^rain.. 56c ; Upholstered Parlor Suites, cut <s>
\ 200 yards Extra Super 40c I .to one-half the former price. '• °
\ . £ 6
i ALEX. MACKAY & SON I
715 MARKET STREET J
Near Call Building _
|Q'»0<$>0<»0*»04>0'??>0«'0«> o«>o<* o<»o<?>o-?> <f_>o<»o<? o^oe o * 0$ o -» 060-90+O+0 *■
SKIN, SCALP, /S&9.
COMPLEXION. ff^m
Itching, burning. Irritated skin, la___u Jff.
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair 4M. &
and dandruff and blemished com- *fjsr'-**^
plexlons Instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the dally use of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Bold everywhere.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. / 
999999 99 999999999999 9 999999999999999999999999999999
9 ' / j^ A /jg^ A mercantile business is much like a human t
4 M^^>x%^^^^^. being. Its strong points stand out pre-eminently, t
__ merit in value, I giving it character. To do everything as well 9
♦ = MERIT IN SERVICE,! j & & 7 _ ■
X JL_-_-_-^_&— ,t™~- |as any one else, and to do some things better, +
4- 7__*S_____Z_sl_- a ..~>___-J-±&sj: 1 , t ■
: !WE IN STOCK] *««•««■*«• :
X i LUBIN I Silks and J -? 00d z ra k de ° f ° rm | Bedspreads . roche Bedspreads ; ,n J
$ «_r-_-_ 1 'n /•_ Serge, either black or I r Marseilles design. Made
£ &i I,*** I ; VrQSS OOOfIS. navy, yard 50c I of 3-ply yarn. Very serviceaDle. S,ze ♦
*♦*. | _ 4XV "*' „ J j 72x80, each 75 c 9
+ [^i,v gei -^^,-,r V'_^_____' i -^ ri »*^'"'' :^* J — 5*A -
9 "^^_, Mi ARK and TAYLO P/j^^ The Botany Cheviots and Diagonals ; Men's Men ' s Twilled Mas *♦■
4. S»TREETS.'? V ' : _^^ the most dependable goods in the \ .  . . Night Sh rts. Cut large ♦
9 $_?'$ (^'^F'' jty market; blacks, staple shades and j lM^nlSnirtS. in body and full lenfJtn. +
+ W&j&X' ' • newest colorings, suit .$3.75 ! Well made and fih.shed. each 50c +
9 _^ _^ Ladies' ■ Dartici,! arly good value in **"
* _W #■ |*(-J| Black Peau de Soie, an exceptionally y , ladies' Plain White Undervests *♦"
4- l\ /I _\. I _\ma^ *_.___ m T good quality, yard $1.25 J. eSIS ' and Pants. . They are largely +
9 1 1/11 I 1 T^l i^lrXi 55C. wool, with just enough cotton *♦•
9 JLV A I l-W l i-CL-^l V to arrest shrinkage. Gar->
. ma . w ■■'" •*"**■■ —m—.^m^ # Taffeta Silks, the standard quality, in j ments much better than the pre. mdi- +
m a variety of colors, yard 60c ' cates 55c each +
; TRIMMED HATS T„n,v _i TO n>CUA- !
I AND BONNETS, T 7'°^ a * I 0 ° Clock ?
: $5.00, $7.50, $10.00. Ladies Tan Hose IBc a Pair. %
Quite recently we ordered a case of Hosiery to sell at 25c a pair. "*"
X IiINTRIMMPR Mil ! INFRY Our fore, -? buyer found the required quality, but at a lower price than its!
,:+ Ull I ni-lllllLlJ llllLLlilLll I real value. It is not our method to ask 25c for an article which we can 4.
*♦" -ilianpc Flmi-Pr- ' F_-*3*__iPrj afford to se " at 18c Come with ,he expectation, of getting a full 25c +
jnapes, ri*OHer>, rcauicu, wQrth This is the description: Made in Germany of fine maco yarn. 9
9 Materials. Double soles, high-spliced heels, velvet finish and double dyed. There are ♦
"*" ■— __ three shades. A box of half a dozen is a good investment. "*"
9 9
I" larlpfc Ladies' Jackets of Tan Covert
9 J<U.*Cl_. Cioth _ New cvt _ Jly f,ont. silk fQ_ _ D ' •
♦ serge lining. S zes 32 . to. 40. One of the ; J- OC f_t L 2i-¥ 4 *
4 best values in the store..". $5.00. . 4
: Weinstock, Lubin & Co. :
9 ■ 9
99999999999999999999999499999999
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS'
QUARTERLY CONVENTION
INTERESTING SESSION OF GOLD
EN GATE UNION.
Exercises in the First Presbyterian
Church Drs. Mackenzie, Dille
and Coyle Deliver Ad
dresses.
The forty-ninth quarterly convention of i
Golden Gate Christian Endeavorers was
held in the First Presbyterian Church,
corner of Van Ness avenue and Sacra
mento street, last night. C. M. Whitney
presiding. The church was well filled,
and the proceedings were decidedly inter
esting. Addresses were made by Dr. Mac
kenzie, pastor of the church in which the
convention was held; 1 >rs. Dllle and Coyle, \
and George R. Lowell of Oakland.
The proceeding- were opened by .-i praise
service, conducted by Professor Fleisch
ner and orchestra, followed by devotional
exercises led by 11. 11. Bell, D.D. The
routine business of the convention was
then taken up. It consisted of reports of
the various committees and occupied but
a few minutes. Mr. Lowell delivered a
brief address on the preparations for the
holding of the State convention at Oak
land during the present year, and after a
solo by J. George Gibson. D.D., Dr. Dille
was Introduced to speak on "Personal
Responsibility In Christian Endeavor
Work." . The Oakland divine's remarks
were directed to pointing out to the young
toll's the necessity of continued and well
directed effort in the field of Christian
endeavor, and be urged them to not over
look the fact that the results of their la
bors depended on the personal effort put
into the work which they had volunteered
to perform. Dr. Coyle' s address on the
"Missionary Spirit in <_'. E. Work" was
along the same lines. He called attention
to the fact that Christ was the greatest
missionary of all, and said the example
furnished "by him should be an inspiration
to all those who believed in and were en
gaged in promulgating his teachings.
"The Battle Hymn of Missions ' was
then sung, by Rev. Mr. Gibson, the entire
convention joining in singing the chorus
standing, and the programme was con
cluded by Dr. Mackenzie, who spoke upon
the efficacy of prayer in Christian En
deavor work. At the close of his address
the pastor dismissed the gathering with
a benediction.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint:
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
DR.MCNULTY.
T»niS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Specialist cxf* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Bonk on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cur/>rlAt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours.
tO8daliy:8.80to8:.'l0 ev'gs. Sum]., vs. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
P. noSCOR MrXI'LTY, M.D.
26 a Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
i A SAVE YOUR MONEY ! j
•i JL From $10 to $17.50 ;i
'! •aJßffriiß. You can get the best All-Woo! /
\ jfRSHn Suit Made to Order a*. \
:iS§JOE POHEIM:
/ / -S^jSw '• you wart a first-c'ass, '
i[ pall. won-f.U'ngr suit of clothes ,'
'i wM from $20 to $40 go to i|
; if JOE POHEIM !;
i 1 "**SJB Fine Clothes at 25 per j,
i cent less than elsewhere. (
i 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, I.
! ' 1110-1112 Market St _. 6. F. I
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
foE______l___\
Marian! Wins Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS" EVERY-
WHERE, AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and Indorsements free.
MARIANI & CO., 52 W. 15th St.. NEW-YORK.
\D? M EYERS UtO.^^J
\731 MarKeta^anfrancisco-fjr
DOTTC 1117 C for BARBERS, bak-
Ori I J iTi 11 ____> bootblacks, bath-
WllWWiiww^..^ billiard tables,
brewers. bonkbimiers, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls. . foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen tar- roofers tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Si
lA/. T. HESS,
ITOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bld_r.
Telephone Brown 931 .
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell,
• San Francisco.
>ffly DEWEY, STRONG &Co,^^,
(-1 "PATENTS- 3
__*______& MARKET ST. S.F.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD. USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
*^ Brent Mexican remedy; pives health and
strength to sexual org-ans. Depot, 323 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
Direct from Europe, the Famous and Beau-
tiful
HAWTHORNE SISTERS,
In the Charming Japanese Romance, "THE
WILLOW PATTERN PLATE."
VALDARES. Trick Bicyclists.
4 NELSON SISTERS. Acrobats.
DILLON BROS.. Q. W. DAY. THE ANDER-
SONS, JACKLET WONDERS.
Last Week of LILLIAN BURKHART AND
COMPANY,
In "MY AU.N'T'S ADVICE."
Reserved Beats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and BoX Seats. :'oc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
THIRD ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 3, 4, 5, 6, 1899.
Nearly $500!) in Cash and Trophiss.
PRIZE-WINNING DOGS FROM ALL OVER
. THE UNITED STATES.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. Daily.
ADMISSION— 25c; Evenlng-s, 50c.
Children. Hftlf Price.
SAN. FRANCISCO KENNEL C-CB.
H. H. CARLTON, Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT /TT A 7 AD BEATS BY PHONE
/iJUVAZvAK Main 254.
MATINEE TO MORROW AT 2.
TO-NIGHT (FRIDAY) AT 8:15,
LAST WEEK OF
CAPTAIN SWIFT
Next Monday, May 8, First Production of Clay
M. Greene's Farcical Comedy. Entitled,
"HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROLAND REED,
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH.
In the Amusing Comedy, THE
Woman-Hater.
Extra— Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
Charles Frohman's Comedians In
"ON AND OFF."
Original Cast and Production.
SEATS NOW READY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
IN
ELCAPI^Ni
NOTE— Branch Ticket Office at the Pacific
Qraphophone Co., 721 Market street, opposite
Call building:, where choicest seats may be se-
cured.
Reserved Seats 25c and 50c
Gallery _,-,<_.
" Next Week-L ITTLE TYCOON."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreltng Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT. AT S SHARP.
The Japanese Successful Musical Play.
THE GEISHA
A PERFECT PRODUCTION IN EVERY
DETAIL.
MATINEE .TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— "ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
PRICES -■ 25 and 50 Cents.
Tel-phone Bush 9.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully realistic representation of the
greatest sea battle ever fought.
The spectator stands near D.e**vey on the
bridge, while the contest rages all around.
Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo and
Gettysburg In scope and present Interest.
Market Street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. SOc: Children. 2*ic.
CONCERTS ANL* BEdCSTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
SATURDAY NIGHT.
GRAND BENEFIT, by and for
THE lOWA MINSTRELS!
First Appearance on Any Stage of
BILL BUCKSTRUM, the Goat.
• Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner IS3I.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
' Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c. Children. lie; including admission
to grounds. *
THE STEAMER URIAH
Will leave Tiburon ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
SUTRO BATHS.
—OPEN NIGHTS
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, l«c. CHILDREN. So..
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children, Da.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver declined.
Mexican liars lower.
Wheat .lull and unchanged.
Barley futures advanced.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay weak and In large receipt.
Feedstuff s unchanged
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes' and Onions weak.
Vegetables steady to firm.
Poultry du'l and weak.
Butter and Cheese about the same.
Eggs doing rather better.
Fruit more or leas scarce and firm.
Some damage to Raisins by frost.
Hams active and advancing.
Fair demand for Wool.
Hogs still scarce and firm.
Mutton and Lamb lower.
Beef has a wider range.
Pig Tin and Lead higher.
Sugar firm.
WEATHER REPORT.
(I2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to '
date as compared with those of same date last i
season and rainfall in last 21 hours:
Last This Last
Station--— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 32. 53 31.29
Red Bluß 0.00 19.99 12.71 !
Sacramento .- 0.00 14.00 8.87 j
San Francisco 0.00 16. 00 7.75
Fresno O.Ou 7.03 4.19
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 6.16
Los Angeles 0.00 4.91 5.60!
San Diego 0.00 4.89 4.57
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63 ■
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature, ,
64; minimum, 46; mean. 30.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
The pressure has fallen steadily along the
northern coast, and while there is no well
marked depression and little likelihood of heavy
rain, the conditions favor light showers with i
the clouds soon breaking away along the coast I
from Mendocino northward, and possibly light
showers in the northern portion of California
on Friday morning.
The temperature has risen over all the
country west of the Rocks Mountains, except
along the California coast from San Francisco
southward to San Diego, where* probably be
cause "i fog there has been. a slight fall. The
temperatures are more nearly normal In Cali
fornia than they have been for some time pre
vious.
There has been no rainfall in the State during
the past twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hour
ending midnight May *,:
Northern California— Fair Friday, with fog
along the coast In the morning, and also in the
Sacramento Valley; west winds on coast; south
winds inland.
Southern California— Fair Friday; west winds, i
Nevada— Cloudy Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity- Fair Friday,
with fog in the morning; warmer, with south
erly changing to westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 4.— The stock market was (
weak most Of the day. then rallied, recovering
part of the earlier loss and left off 'with an \
uncertain tone, with net losses of a substan
tial fraction prevailing. Unfounded rumors
were rife, including stories of a split between
prominent bull interests, the death of a promi
nent banker and statements that banks had;
called loans and refused further accommoda
tions to a large Interest. Each of these rumors
In turn was positively denied, but not until
substantial declines in stocks had been effected,
London was a liberal selier. Sugar was most
prominent in the period of 'depression, drop
ping over 9 points, two-thirds of which • was
afterward recovered. The rest of the market
followed the fluctuations in sugar to a minor
extent. The iron and steel stocks, local trans
portation shares. Anaconda and a number of
the other specialties made an average supreme
drop of about 8 points, while there w.ere nu- ;
merous declines of about 1 point. With the
rally In sugar substantial recoveries occurred
elsewhere, particularly in those which were
most depressed previously, and the market
thereafter became dull. Consolidated '".as was
well taken and rose over 3 points. Among the
railways Burlington, which sells ex-rights to
morrow, displayed the most strength. There
were fractional, advances In Continental To- |
bacco, Tennessee Coal and Iron and General j
Electric. The most prominent net declines I
were in New York Central, the coalers, local
traction companies, ron and steel shares and I
most of the grangers. There were many of the
opinion that heavy liquidation for me impor
tant interests occurred to-day and that much
of the latti-r's strength came from the cover
ing of shorts. An Interest which it was re
ported was seeking to reduce its line In its
specialties denied that it had any speculative
ventures on foot just now. Commission house
business was said in be the smallest for some
time.
Railroad bonds showed a reactionary tend
ency for the greater part of the day, but later,
owing to conspicuous strength in Wisconsin
Central firsts and support to other speculative
lssuis, imparted a better tone. Total sales,
$8,300,000.
United States 3's coupon and the new 4's cou
pon declined %. but the s's coupon advanced
l « In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 749,000
t hares, Including: American Spirits, 3500;
American Steel Hoop, S800; American Steel and
Wire. 67,000; American Sugar, 18,900; American
Tin Plate, 3GuO : Anaconda, 15,900; Atchison,
'."00; do preferred, ■ 50,100: Brooklyn Rapid
Trans 44,900; Burlington. 15.800; Chicago -Ton.
Traction, 4100; Chicago Great Western. 8300;
Consolidated Gas, G900: Continental Tobacco
19.000; Federal Steel, 2L200; do preferred, 6300;
Glucose Sugar, 4300; Manhattan Con., 10,900;
Metropolitan, S900; National Steel, 7300; North
ern Pacific, 5200; Pacific Mall, 47oo; People's
Gas and Coke, 17,700; Reading first preferred.
15.0C0; Rock Island, 1900; St. Paul, 15,900; Ten
nessee Coal and Iron, 6100; Union Pacific, 6100;
United States Rubber, 3800'; Western Union,
4200. •
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% st Louis & S W... 14%
Do prefd 53% Do prefd 3-.
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 St" Paul 126%
Canada Pacific 97' ii Do prefd....'.'".
Canada Southern.. 56%iSt P & Cm •:.
Central Pacific 60 | D.. prefd 170
Ches &. Ohio 26%!50 Pacific...; 32%
Chi & Alton 165 So Railway 12%
Chi B & <J 143% Do prefd 52%
Chi _- E 111 78 .Texas & Pacific.... 22%
Do prefd 124 j Union Pacific 45
Chi G W 14%! Do r jrefd 77%
Chi in. 1 & L..* 10 rpd & g 12'
i '" prefd 45 .Wabash " 7%
Chi & N \V 156 Do prefd 22%
Do prefd 192 Wheel & L E 12%
CC C & *• L '•'-* Do prefd 33 -
Do prefd 95 Express Companies-
Del & Hudson 119% Adams Ex 112
Del L & W" 170 . American Ex 140
Den & Rio '< 23% United States 52
Do prefd 77% Wells Fargo 126
Erie new) 13 Miscellaneous -
Do Ist prefd 36 a Cot Oil 36%
Ft Wayne 184 1 Do prefd 94%
Gt Nor prefd 190 Am Spirits 12%
Hocking Val lo i Do prefd 35%
Illinois Central 115% Am Tobacco 218
Lake Erie &W — 16% Do prefd 113
Do prefd 69 Cons Gas ISO%
Lake Shore 200 com Cable Co 180
1... i11s & Nash '■•■ , t Col F & Iron __
Manhattan L 115% Do prefd 110
Met -" Ry £■'<•>;_ Gen Electric ...119
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 1221,
Minn & Si L 161% Brooklyn R T 131%
Do Ist prefd 100% Intl Paper 54%
Mo Pacific 4S | Do prefd 84'
Mobile & Ohio 43 'Laclede Gas 54%
Mo X & T 12% Lead 33
1 >.. prefd 37% Do prefd 113
N J Central 118% Federal Steel.... 66%
N V' Central 137% Do prefd 55%
N V Chi & SfL... 13% Nat I. in Oil 37%
Do Ist prefd 66 Pacific Mail 5*.%
1),. 2d pr'-fd 30 People's Gas 12.v%
Nor West t.~... 20 Pullman Pal 159
No Aiu.'r Co 11-8 Sliver Certificates. 61%
No Pacific '■<- Standard R & T... 93
Do prefd 76% Sugar 160
Ontario-"- W* 26 Do prefd OgK
Or I. & N prefd.. 67 TC & Iron 62*.
Or Short Line. ■»!% US Leather 6%
Pac C Ist prefd — .4 Do prefd 71
Do 2d prefd 58 |U S Rubber.. 52%
Pittsburg 1-.4 | Do prefd 119
Reading So*"* ; Western Union 82%
Do Ist prefd 61 Am s St. w* 70%
R Q W 34%' Do prefd 99%
Do i ref.i 76 Pai Coast ;40
Rock Island 116% Colo Southern 5%
St Louis _- s F... 11 I Do Ist prefd 4*
Do prefd 71 Do 2d prefd...... 19
Do 2d prefd 37% Nor & W prefd.... 67%
CLOSING BONDS..
i; S 2s reg 99% I. ft N Uni 4s 99%
1" S 3» reg 107% N V Cent 15t5. ...115
Do coup 107% J Cent gen 55. .119%
I* S new 4s reg..l2B*K (North Carolina 65. 127
Do coup 128% Do 4s 104
V Sold is reg.... 112% N P lsts 120
Ey. coup 113 Do 3s .... 67%
© O 5s reg 111%) Do 4s 1.14
Do coup 111% N V c ft B L 45. .107
BJjrtrlct 3.65s 117 Nor & W con 45... 95-.
Ha class A 110 I Do gen 6s 130
Do (' 110 .Or Nay lsts 114
Do C 100 I Do 4s _»%
Do Currency ....100 O S Line 65.... 131%
At***** gen 4s 101% O S Line 7.s 111*14
Do adjt 4s 83 Reading Gen 4;. .. 57%
Chili So 2ds 11l |R Q W lsts 97%
Cft 0 »%■ 94% St Lft I M Con 111%
I". 5s ' 113% S L «-*■ S F Gen 65. 124%
C &.N Con 7s . .143% St P Con teg
Do de 5a .....121 St PC & P 15t5. .122%
Chicago Term 45. .100%- Do 5s ; 121
D ft It G Ist* ....lev.. So Ry 5s 110%
Do Is 103 Standard R&T6s 88
E T V ft <o'_ 1ata. .105% Term new set 35.. 97%
Erie Gen la .*. ... 72 Tex ft Pac lats....U«
Ft W & DC lsts.. 86 •) Do-2ds 55
Gen Blec 5s 117 U P 4s 106%
G H ft S A 65.... 114 cPD &c, lsts 90
Do 2ds 111% Wabash lata 117,
II & T C 7.s US , Do 2d? JiiO
Do con Is 112% West Shore 4s ....114%
lowa Cent lsts ....112 Wis Cent lßts .... 71%
X C I* & Q lsts... 67% Va Centuries 81
La new con 4s — 110 \ Do deferred 1%
M X & T 2ds 67 r- n \a So 4s 87.,
Do is 94%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 3 10
Crown Point ...... 20 Ophir 120
Con Cal & \'a. ... 1 £3 Plymouth 10
Deadwood GO Quicksilver . ..".... 2 60
Gould & Curry . 33' Do prefd ? BO
Hale & Noreross.. 20 Sierra Nevada — '.'0
Homestakc 55 (0 Standard -'■'
Iron Sliver .60 Union Con , 45
Mexican ' 55 Yellow Jacket 40
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ■
Money— Atch prefd 59%
Call loan. ..3 f?4*& Mich Tel ..." 99
Time loans ."'-'at Bonds—
Stocks— * Atchison 4s 1"!
Atch T ft St }•>.. 19 Wis Cent Is TO
Anier Sugar ISO', Mining Shares-
Do prefd 116% Allouez Mln C 0.... 11%
Bell Tel 359 Atlantic 34*.
Boston & A1any..258 Boston & M0nt.... 383
Boston & Maine. .l 93 Butte & 805t0n. ...100
Boston L 109. Calumet ft Hecla..B3o
Chi Bur & 0 143% Centennial *1%
Fit<-hurg 120 Franklin 26
Fed Steel 66% Old Dominion ... . 47%
Do prefd <<\ Osceola 94
Mexican Cent .... 14% Quincy 165
Old Colony 210 Tamarack 230
Ruber 52 Wolverine 45%
Union Pac 45 Parrott *>*>
West End 94% Adventure 1-
Do prefd 117 Winona 16
j Wis Cent 1% Union Land 9
Ed Elec Tel 198 Humboldt 1%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Commercial Ad
' vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
j The markets here were dull and uneasy to-
I day. The Transvaal apprehension was re
! vived on vague talk of an ultimatum. 1 don't
. credit the reports.
Americans were heavy all day. Liverpool
! liquidated heavily early. The close was heavy
i at bottom prices. Tlntos were 18%; Anacondas,
- 12%; Bostons, 2 9-16.
Silver was quiet and dull. There were no
i American sales. Money was plentiful. Thirty
nine thousand pounds sterling gold In bars ,
was bought by the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 4. Canadian Pacific, 99%;
: Northern Pacific preferred. 79 T 4; Union Pacific,
j 89.,; Grand Trunk. 7"«; bar silver, unchanged;
128 3-16 d per ounce; money. Pal 1 * per cent.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Bradstreet's of May 6
will say: Widespread business activity and
heavy financial transactions, resulting from or
consequent upon the large number of Industrial
combinations planned or executed during the
month of April, seem to have been largely
responsible for the heavy bank clearings re
ported for that month, because stock specula
tion was quieter than in March or the pre
ceding months. The April clearings, in fact,
deserve special notice, because though they
i were smaller by 5 per cent than the aggregate
for March, this was owing chiefly to the smaller
: number of business 'lays in that month, because
i the average dally clearings were heavier than
; the like averase for the nionth of March. In
percentage gain. too, the increase shown over
April a year ago was the heaviest noted this
year, and the result is a further enlargement
of the gain reported for the calendar year over
recent i 'receding periods.
The aggregate bank clearings for the month
just closed. were 38,266,. a gain of 65.5 per
cent over April 1 a year ago, an' increase of 102
pec cent over the month of April, 1897, a gain
of 122 per cent over the corresponding month
in 1894, .'and an increase of 63 per cent over the
like period of 1892. The heavy gain for April :
compares with an Increase of 54.6 per cent dur- I
j ing the month of March, of 25.7 per cent In I
February and of 41.3 per cent in January over
corresponding periods of last «year.
Relatively the best showing for April, as In- !
. deed for many preceding months, was that i
1 made by the Middle States group of cities. In
this section the increase reported over April
a year ago was in excess of 89 per cent, the
next heaviest gain being that reported by the
New England cities, 4-* per cent.
Other considerable gains are. those of 23 per
cent In the Southern cities, 13.7 in the Western
group, and 11.3 In the Northwestern. As for
some time past, the gains in the Southwest
: and the far Western groups have been com- '
paratively moderate, but even here the Increase
have ranged from 6 to 8 per cent.
a rather better showing is naturally made
by the individual cities than was reported in
March. The gain at New York is heavier than ■
it was In that month. 94 per i jit In April, [
against 72 per cent in March, and the increase !
in the rest of the country in April was 23.::
per cent, against 27 per cent in March. In the
cithern group the large gain by Baltimore,
47 per cent. Is largely accountable for the in
: crease in that group as a whole, although fewer
i Southern cities show decreases than in March.
i In the west the heavy decrease reported by
■ Omaha, 29 per cent, due to the withdrawal of
some banks' clearings from current totals, is
i a notable feature. Boston's clearings In April
1 were very heavy, and the gain over a year ago,
'; 52 per cent,, is a notable one. The gain shown
by Philadelphia equals this; however. Chi
cago shows a gain of 14.5 per cent over a year
ago. Activity in the iron trade is reflected by
I the gain of 78 per cent at Pittsburg. St. Louis
shows a gain of 1-3 per cent, as does San Fran
cisco. • • - . •
For the four months period of the calendar
year the clearings aggregate $32,406,437, a
gain of 46.4 per cent over- 1891 of 37 per cent
over 1597, of 120 -per cent over 1-.94, and of 53
per cent over 1892.
* In the. fourth month compilation, as In that
of April, the Middle States group, containing
the metropolis, shows the heaviest increase, 7.* .
per cent. The gain In New England is over
29 per cent, while the Increases in the North
west and South exceed 20 :*er cent In each
case. The train In the Far West for the four
months closely appproximates that shown for
April. 6.4 per cent, while the gain in the South
west is also a moderate one, 8.2 per cent.
Canadian bank clearings, while smaller than
those if March, note a heavier proportionate
cain in April than for a number of months
past. The clearings at six Canadian cities, for
the month aggregate $118,336,564, an Increase
of 19 per cent, compared with a gain of only 4
per cent In March, or less than 8 per cent in
February and less than 16 per cent In January,
while for the four months the clearings aggre
gate 5491,364,795, an increase of 9.5 per cent.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 4.— Consols, 110 7.-16. silver,
28 ; 3-16 d;' Frenches rentes, 1 02 17% c; wheat
cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers apart;
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 standard California. 30s; cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s I0%d; English country markets,
steady. ■*- .' ■ -
LIVERPOOL, May Wheat, firm: wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
— * — ■
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE
NEW" YORK, May 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,375; exports', 8575. Dull and barely steady,
without change.
WHEAT— 28,600 bushels; exports,
17,8,870 bush-Is. Sales, 1,890,000 bushels; fu
tures, 368,000 spot and exports. Spot, steady.
NO 2 red, 82% cf. O. b. afloat and 79% c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, .82% cf. o. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 2 Northern Duluth, 77% C
f. o. .b. afloat latter part of May. Options
opened firm on cold weather news, but at once
reacted in .the face "of unfavorable crop re
ports, export demand and moderate clearances,
Very light outside support, weakness and dis
appointing cables were the- chief selling mo
tives. The closing was at %@%c net decline.
May, 78%@78%c. closed 7S%c; July, 76 1-16®
77% c, closed 76% c; September, 75%®76%, closed
75% c; December, 76 76% c, closed 76% c.
HOPS— DuII.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— "
METALS— The market was irregular all day
with business on conservative lines. News
from abroad and the West averaged up pretty
much as expected. Offerings were moderate.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, very quiet, with $10 75
bid and $11 asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, with $19 bid and $19 25
asked,
TlN— Dull, and easier, -with $25 75 bid and
$25 85 asked. . '■",'.
LEAD— Firmer, - with $4 42% bid and $4 45
asked*. The brokers' price for lead is $4 15
and for copper 1943 1 ''-
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 75 bid and
$7 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed dull and net un
changed. Sales, 2100 bags, Including: Octo
ber, $5 45. Spot, coffee— Rio, qtllet. Mild
quiet. .'.--. .
SUGAR— Raw, strong. Fair refining, 4 5-16 c:
centrifugal, 96 test, 4*)4e; molasses, 4 3-16 c;. 96
test, refined, firm. . "•'■■
BUTTER— Receipts, 4934 packages; steady.
Western creamery, 14%(fj17c; factory. l__%@l3c.
Receipts, 14.110' packages; firm. State
and Pennsylvania, lZ% f uli; Western, 13®13%c;
Southern, I_©lßo. .
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 4— California dried fruits,
steady. ;-•
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7®B%c;
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9%@9%c;
fancy. 9%©100.
PRUNES— 4%®9%c
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%@14c;' Moorpark, 14®
18c'
1 PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9%®11%c; peeled, '25®
28c. ' ": .-•_ •*>;■ r-: - ■-...• -' ■-.■. T
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit: Cherries— Black
Tartarian, $3 87%© 4 25.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May Freezing weather in Ne
braska and lowa, too much rain In the North
west for seeding purposes, and a reduction of
1 seven points In the condition of the Ohio crop
for the month, inspired a feeble rally in wheat
during the early hours of to-day's session. The
market was, however, indifferent to anything
bullish, turning weak • under free liquidation
and short selling. July- ooened %c higher, at
73%©73% c, advanced Irregularly to 73%®73%c,
declined to 72% c, and closed at 72%®72%c. Re
ceipts were comparatively light.
Rapid progress in planting and reports of
increased acreage weakened corn. Liquidation
and short selling was heavy. July opened %c
I to %c higher, and closed 34(8"34%e.
Oats followed wheat and corn. July started
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899,
a shade higher at 24% c, sold off to 24c, and
closed at 24@24%c.
July pork opened 2%c lower at $8 70, advanced
to $S 75, declined to 18 50, and rallied to $S 62%
at the close. Lard and ribs- were slow and
easier In sympathy with pork. -- : .'*"..
The leading futures ranged as fallows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. — . :.'•-- '.- '. — '■ ."-_■
May " 72% 72% . 71% 71%
July .-. 73% 73% 72% 72%
September 72% 72% 71% 72
Corn No. 2— *:■:.-*■'■'•- '£■■"..■■■■■;
May 33% 33% 33% 33%
July 34%  34% 31 34%
September -35% 35% 34% 34%
Oats No. 2— '* -:-■■:
May 27% 27% 27 27%
July 24% 24% . 24 24%
September *22% 22% 22 22
Mess Pork, per barrel
May 8 52% 8 52% 8 37% 8 42%
July 8 70 .75 8 50 8 62%
September 8 87% 8 87% 8 67% 880
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May „ 5 07% 5 07% 505 5 07%
July 515 . 5 17% 510 515
September 5 27% 530 525 5 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
May 155 4 57% 455 4 67%
July 470 4 72% 460 4 67%
September 4SO 4 82% 4 77% 480
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
71(_j72%c: No. 3 spring wheat, 67<_*71%c; No. 2
red, 75<-i76c; No. 2 corn. 34c; No. 2 oats, 27% §
27% c; No. 2 white, So@3lc; No. 3 white, 29%@
30c; No. 2 rye, 59c;- No. 2 barley, 35(g40e-, No. 1
flaxseed. $1 10; prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess
pork, per barrel, $S 4608 50; lard, per 100 pounds;
'.". 07%€_ 10; short nib sides, loose. $4 40@4 70;
dry salted shoulders, boxed,' <%@4%c; short
clear sides, boxed, $4 7604 85; whisky, distillers'
finished- goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, un
changed.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels- 11,000 11,000
Wheat, bushels 47,000 18,000
Corn, bushels ' 189,000 426,000.
Oats, bushels 263.000 223,000
Rye. bushels 7,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 9.000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 12<g)16c; dairies,
10®' 14c. Eggs, steady; fresh. ll%c. Cheese,
weak; creams, 10%©11 C.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. May 4.— The supply of cattle to- ;
day exceeded the requirements and prices ruled
weak. Fancy grades brought $5 40@5 50; choice
steers. $."> 05@5 35; mediums, $4 ">.".'<. 4 73; stock
ers and feeders, $4..., 10; beef steers. $4W4 50;
bulls, $2 50«__4 10; cows and heifers, $3 50(54 23;
Western fed steers, $4 201/ 5 20; Texas steers,
$3 90@4 90: calves, $4@6 85.
HOGS— There was a poor demand for hogs
and prices declined sc. Fair to choice, $3 400
3 70: heavy packers. $3 4V...". 67%: mixed, $3 55
©3 77%: butchers', $3 60113 SO; light. $3 3503 80;
pigs, 63 2503 65.
SHEEP— -Trade In sheep was active and
prices about steady. Sheep sold at $405 25;
yearlings, *4 8505 25; clipped lambs, $4 7505 55;
chiefly $5 25 and over. Colorado wooled lambs,
$606 10 and spring lambs, $9@12 per 100 pounds.
Receipts— Cattle, 9000; hogs, 21,000; sheep,
12,000.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. May ...—The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day were largely merinos, and
sold in sellers' favor, particularly low me
dium crossbreds, which were taken principally
to Yorkshire. Greasy merinos showed an ad
vance of 10% per cent, the highest average
reached in many years, and due largely to the
determination of the Continental buyers to
secure this Stock. Good Hope and Natal wools
were eagerly sought after* ana Puma Arenas
in good condition ruled firm, fine selling at 34d
and coarse %d higher. The majority of this
stock was taken by the Continent. The usual
large attendance was -present:' and the number
of bales offered numbered 14,380.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 4.— Exchange, $236,
--470; balances, $40,272.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 4— There is no change
of Importance in the local wheat market. A
spot ship was taken yesterday at 30 shillings,
and on this basis exporters were quoting about
58 cents, with some of them venturing %c to lc
more for heavy wheat. Valley is easy at
59..C, and blue stem at 61c. Two ships for
; new crop -loading were chartered yesterday at
' 33s ;id lor November loading.
Foreign wheat shipments tor the week end
i ing to-day, none.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., May 4.— The wheat market
is Just the same. Receipts .are not showing
I the improvement anticipated and prices are
j unchanged. Club, 58% c; blue stem, 61 %c.
• —
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, GO .lays — . $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 •■ •
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — (-pi,
Mexican Dollars — 50
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT-*Futures were a shade weaker in
sympathy with a corresponding depreciation at
Chicago. That market opened firmer under bet
ter foreign advices and Unfavorable weather for
the growing crop, it being wet and cold In the
Northwest, with frost In lowa, Nebraska and
Kansas. The Ohio crop, according to the State
report. Is 7S. St. Louis continued to sell freely,
and this, with hammering by the bears, weak
ened the market toward the close.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, , $1 05*31 10; milling,
$1 12%@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:16 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $1 14%; 68,000, $1 14.
Second Session— December— 26,ooo ctls. $1 14.
Regular Morning Session May— 2ooo ctls.
$1 07%. December— 4ooo, $1 14%,
Afternoon Session December — ctls,'sl 14%.
BARLEY — The only thing new was an ad
vance In futures under light sales. The spot
market was dull and unchanged.
Feed, $1 02%_T 05; Brewing, $1 07%@1 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:ls o'clock— Seller "99 new
—2000 ctls, 87% c. • ■ .■.,./_.:;
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
S7%c. ' •
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new— 4ooo
ctls, SSc; 2000 BS%c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— lo,ooo ctls,
88% c; 14,000, BS%c; 14,000, 88% c.
OATS Continue steady under light sales.
Offerings are moderate.
Fancy Feed, $1 '■'• 'i ! 47% per ctl; good to
choice, $140*5145; common. $1 32'.@1 37%; Sur
prise, 81 45f.il 60; Gray. 81 35(31 40: Milling.
$1 42'/" 1 47% per ctl; Red, $1 32%@1 37%; Black,
$1 3001 35.
CORN— Small yellow has a wide range, ac
cording to the size of the lot. Other descrip
tions stand as before.
Small round Yellow, $1 25(fj 1 37%; Eastern,
large Yellow, $1 12%f0_ 15: White. $1 12V4®1 1;,;
mixed, $1 07%01 11' per ctl; California White,
nominal. -i.-/.-
RYE— »7%C©B"| per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, 33 fiO'-fS 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40&3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4098 45 per bbl for extra,
$3 25Q3 40 for bakers' and $2 30(52 50 for super
fine. : "■'■■'. '■' • . :.'.'■ '•;' ?(.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3 50; Rye
Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $1 6004 TO;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 60; Buck-'
wheat Flour. $4«1 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. 54 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 6506 95; In sacks, $6 35@« 75,
Pearl Barley, 15; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. ,
Although there is no further decline in Hay
the market Is very weak and arrivals continue
heavy. Feedstuffs remain about as previously
quoted. -'. :.'■■. .*.'
BRAN— 50(316 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $17 50(320 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50(623 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21031 50; job
bing, $32(332 50; Cocoanut Cake, , $24(325: Cotton
seed Meal, $28030 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 500
$4 7.0; Cracked Corn. $241025; Mixed Feed, $15
(016.
HAY— Wheat. $12(313 for good to choice and
$10011 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat, $9®
$12- Oat. 39*811; Barley, 17(09; Alfalfa, $5(36 50.
STRAW— 2SOSOc per bale. ; -.";
BEANS AND SEEDS. x
There is no change one way or the other.
Trade continues very dull.
BEANS Kayos. $17011160; Small White, $2
02 15; Large Whites, $1 6001 60.: Pinks, $1 85®
1 95; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, 4@4 10; Butters,
nominal; L.mas, $4; Pea, $2 25@2 40; Red Kid
neys, $2 40C32 50 per ctl ', , ' -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2V'i3c; Flax. $2tf?2 10; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb: Alfalfa. 8%®9%c; Rape, 3®3&c;
Hemp, 45»4%e; Timothy, 4%(35%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 7502; Green, $2 10®
2 35 per ctl. o-i:-.:.'*i"j-:-.i-v'">.>:
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 515 boxes Asparagus, 416. boxes
Rhubarb. 294 sacks Peas. 60 sacks Beans and
606 sacks Potatoes.
The weakness In Potatoes and Onions con
tinues and both are dull.
Asparagus and Rhubarb are doing better un
der lighter receipts. Green Peas and String
Beans are steady. Otherwise there Is nothing
new.
POTATOES— SI 2501 50 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 404(1 60 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 15cg> ,
1 30 for seed and $1 50@1 SO for large; New Po
tatoes. 1%02%C per lb. .*.V.*H.'.;
ONIONS— SOS-7ac for fair and Ssc(3sl per ctl
for good to choice; new, - 40® 60c per sack for
Red •• * . . .:.--■
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 25@1 50 . per
box for No. 2, $1 75@2 25 for No.. 1 and $2 50®
2 75 for fancy: Rhubarb, 50_"75c per box for
common and 90c@$l for good to choice: Green
Peas, 2%<i?3c for -common and 3%c for Garden;
String Beans from Los Angeles, 4Q;7c for green
and 507 c for Golden Wax; String Beans from
Vacavllle, 898 c; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes. $1 25
fi2 per box; Egg Plant. 10(?i_2%c per lb; Garlic. j
15@20c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb: Dried
Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, 12% _ lac: Carrots. 1
25635 c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 40c@$l j
per dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c; Summer j
Squash from Los Angeles, 7%'g12%c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was nothing of importance new yester
day. There was still a little unsold Eastern on
the market, and local stock was dull.
POULTRY— Live" Turkeys, 12%Ci13c for Gob
blers and 12%#13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1500175; Goslings, $2 25*5 2 50; Ducks;. $5 50®
6 50 for old and $7<cfS for young; ■ Hens, $405;
young Roosters, $708 50; old Roosters, $4 50*1(5;
Fryers, $604 50; Broilers, $4 5095 50 for large,
$2 5003 50 tor small; Pigeons. 52*?i 2 25 per dozen
for old and $2 25'(f2 50 for Squab-..
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits. $1 25' for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are showing more tone and store Eggs |
are selling at a fractional advance. Cheese con- i
tinues weak at unchanged prices. Butter is
steady, except with several dealers who are
overstocksd, .and sells fairly at the quotations.
BUTTER— ■ .'■.*-
Creamery— creamery, 16%(?i17c; seconds,
16c. I
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to .choice, 13@14%c: [
store, u@i2c ncr lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@10%c* old I
9%c; Young* America, 11*3*120; Eastern, H.i&lSc'
EGGS -Quoted at 15c for store and 15%_!
16% c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 700 boxes Cherries and 644
chests Strawberries.
A good many adverse reports regarding the '
fruit crop have been received this week, and i
there considerable talk over the matter on I
the street yesterday. The commission merchants
are practically agreed that with the single ex
ception of Peaches the crop of orchard fruits
will be light this year, and they look for good
prices and an active trade in consequence.
Strawberries are the weakest fruit on the
list. Cherries and Gooseberries are steady at
about previous prices. The few Apricots that
come about half a dozen crates a day— sell
very slowly, as they are small and inferior.
Citrus Fruits are quiet. Oranges are in mod
; crate and decreasing supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— -'. :
Apples. $1 60@2 50 for fair to good and $3-3-3 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 25@35c per drawer j
and 50@75c per box; Blackberries, $1 75(52 per
crate: Strawberries, $3© 6- per chest fur small !
and $2 75<*74 for large berries.
Cherries. 50@75c for red, 65@S5c for white and '
$I@l 25 per box for black, with a small advance |
for favorite brands.
Apricots, $2 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 M(_f.Z 25
per box: Seedlings. $I@2; Mediterranean Sweets.
$1 50'S'2; Lemons, $1 25@1 60 for common and |
$2iff2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
16 5007; California Limes. eS-SSSc per small box;
Grape Fruit. $1 50(92 50; Bananas, $1 50&2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Some damage to the Raisin crop around
Fresno by frost has been reported In the press
dispatches, but the extent of the damage is
not yet fully known. Otherwise there Is noth- j
ing new,
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50's. ad
5%c for 50-60's, 4(g:4%c for 60-70's, 3%@3%c for j
70-80" 8, 2%@3%c for 80-90*8, 2%®2%c for 90-100's
and 2%c for 100-110' Peaches, 8%@9%C for |
good to choice, lOOIO%C for fancy and ; for j
peeled; Apricots, 12%fj/15c for. Royal and 1
for Moorpnrks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun I
dried, 6%W7%c; Black Figs, sacks. 3%c; Plums, !
nominal 2c for unpltted and 4%@6c for pitted; !
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. ."V for four-crown, 4%<&"6c for Seedless j
I Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels "and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c. ■•{
NUTS Chestnuts. 7.- per lb; Walnuts, s®Bc
1 for hardshell, 10011 c for softshell; Almonds, B{j i
9c for hardshell, 12013 c for softshell. 14Q16c for i
papers)'.. -IT: Peanuts, 607 c for Eastern and 4%@ j
5c for California; Cocoaunts, $4 5005. . -. v
HONEY— Comb. 10-gllc for bright and Br*l9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%®
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 505% c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2SO27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There is a brisk demand for Hams at rising
quotations.. ':'.'_,: "._■£■;
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Sc per lb for heavy,
S%®9c for light medium. lO'-.-gilc for light, 12c I
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured:
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. U011%c; California
Hams, lO01O%c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15015 50; "extra
prime Pork. .12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16; 1
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 5%®5%c per lb for
compound and 7%<_7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 8c: 10-lb tin.-. B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENES— Tierces o%fi6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60- in a case. 9V-c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; £-lb pails, 12 in a
"case, S%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in» a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
' A local firm says of Wool: "There is a fair
trade for good free shipping Wools, and picked
lots find ready sale at full figures. There Is
more inquiry also for Inferior scouring fall
Wools, but at unchanged rates. The better
local demand is incident to the stronger mar
ket opening of the London Wool sales the first
of this Week."
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 9@9%c; light. B%c: Cow
hides. 9c; Stags, 6<n6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 15015% c; dry Calf, 17.-:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, "35@60c each; medium, 70090 c; long Wool,
90cC'$l 1" each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75*32 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 4U'ff4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%5?4c: refined, ; grease, 3.-
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months. 7*i9c; year's staple, 6©Be:
Foothill and Northern Free. 10013 c; Foothill
and Nfirthern defective, 8_:10c; Nevada, S®llc.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6%08a
Southern 4Vi(ji7c
Plains : 4 *.;6c
HOPS— IB9B crop. lcflllc per lb for ordinary.
12% c for good and 13@15 for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef is easy and prices have a wider range.
Mutton and Lamb are lower. Hogs continue
scarce and. firm, but prices are no higher,
though It Is reported that several houses who
were short of stock have paid up to 6c.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%i@B%c per lb for Steers and 6@6%c
for Cows. , . ';
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c: Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. B%fj3c per lb.
PORK— Hops, 5%05%c for small, r.'-i'fi)
5%c for medium and 4%(ft's%c for large; stock-
Hogs and Feeders, 4%@5c; dressed Hogs, 7
@B%c.
. GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95. ■ '.!-,.. t .;,'.* .'
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacas. v v - ;
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, .'V ;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A, Be; Magnolia a. 4"v: Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, i% ; barrels, l-16c more; bait barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more; 50-11) bags, %o more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
METALS— Pig Tin is higher at 28030 c per lb.
Lead descriptions are also higher, as follows:
Pig Lead, $4 35<f?5 35; Lead Pipe, 6%®7c; Sheet
Lead, 7&Bc per lb. • ,
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. May 4.
Flour qr sks .... 18.754 Sugar, bbls 3,265
Wheat, 'tis 280 Shorts, sks 100
Barley, ctls 2,415 Wool, bales 544
Corn, ctls East.. 600 Hay, tons 536
•Cheese, ctls • 313 Hides. No 6,293
Butter, ctls 465 Lime, bbls 182
Beans, sks 810 Chicory, bbls — 5
Potatoes, sks .... 785 Wine, gals 35.850
Onions, sks 1,018 Leather, rolls 99
Bran, sks 325 Eggs, doz 27,060
Middlings, sks... 425 Quicksilver, flks. 97
Shorts, ska 100 Pelts, bdls 262
Sugar, sks : 6.900
»*;: 'fi: UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 4,084'
Th.-. STOCK MARKET. """"
On the morning session of the Bond Exchangt
Oceanic Steamship advanced to $86, Gas anil
Electric to $74 50 and Giant Powder to $72 25.
Hawaiian Commercial was a point off at $126 50,
The other stocks were unchanged.
On the afternoon call the only change worthy
of note was a further advance In Giant Powder
t0'.|78.V".-;iV; ':':'• " , • '->-. .';';■••'.. \ £-;-■.
Mining stocks were lower, with a dull mar
ket. The telegram from the pump said: "Ele
,'..-■ .......■■'■■
vator working steadily. Water in the 1750-foot
level winze is forty feet below the station."
The Bullion and Confidence assessments of 5
and 20 cents per share, respectively, will be
delinquent In the boards to-day.
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill, Placer County, has declared its 101 st divi
dend, at the rate of $2 50 per share.
Mining dividends paid in April were as fol
lows:
Alaska-Mexican $IS,OOO
Alaska-Treadwell s 75.000-
Alamo 2,600
Aetna Consolidated Quicksilver 10,000
Anchoria-Leland 18,000
Argonaut 20,000
Boston and Colorado Smelting 75,000
Bullion-Beck & Champion 10,000
Bunker Hill & Sullivan 21.000 ;
Centennial-Eurcka 15.000
Deer Trail No. 2 2.500
Empire State 1 , 20,000
Golden Cycle 5,000
Grass Valley Ex. Company 7,500
(.win 5.000
Grand Central ". •■ ' 37,500
Highland 20,000
Homestake 62,500
Jamison 11,700
Ltllie .*... 12.500
Modoc 10,000 I
Montana Limited ■ •• 78,855
Montana Ore Purchasing Company 80,000
Morning 5tar......... 6,400
Napa Consolidated Quicksilver 20.0u0
New Idrla Quicksilver 20,000
New York and Honduras Rosario 15.000 I
North Star... %. 50,000 |
Pennsylvania _?*?'? !
Portland -60.000
Rambler-Cariboo JO.OOO |
Republic -ana i
Sacramento _./.'2aU I
Silver King. •*• 50,000
Standard, Idaho 30.W0
Strong , 22-000
Swansea : 5.000 |
Vindicator 2?-™
War Eagle 26,2a0
Wolverine • *«»
Yellow Aster 10 -' m ■
Total .- $1,102,755
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat— .May. " July. Sept. I
Opening 5 9 5 7% .5 8%
Closing 59% , 58% %H. ;
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— • May. -Dec.
Opening ...?. 21 80 20 45
Closing 2110 2045 i
Flour— '••••'« <° : * 15
Opening 43 10 28 1a
Closing -.... 43 00 88 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 4—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 7% 8
4s quar c0up. .114 — Mutual El Co. 17 17% '
4s quar reg.. — — Oakland Gas.. 46 48
4s quar new. .128 129% Pac Gas Imp.. — — " I
3s quar coup,.. — 107% Pac L Co — 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 74 74% !
Cal-sf Cab ss. 117 — San Fran 3% 3%
Cal Flee L 65.125%127% Stockton Gas.. — 13% I
C C Wat ss. 111 . — I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c...— ' — Flrem's Fund. 22l — ;
E L & P 6-...125%135 I Bank Stocks—
F & CI Ry 65. 116. — jAnglo-Cal .... - 67% I
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1.. 258 —
H C & S 5%5.102% — Cal S D &T. — 98% |
L A Rv .105%106% First Nat10n1..220 —
LA L Co 65. .101% — Lon P & A... — 131%
Do gntd 65.. 101% — Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65... 128 — |Nev Nat 8k..180 —
Do Ist M 55.i17 — l Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75*.108 — Ger S & L.. — 1630
N Ry Cal 65.. 115 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NBy Cal 55..112%114 Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R 63.104 108 |S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55. 103 — IS & L 50.... — 101
N Cal R R ss. 108% — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55... 110 111% Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Rv 65.. 125% — Street Railroads—
P &CI By 65. 107 — California 115%117
P&O 6s 117 — Geary 57% - ,
Powell-st 65... — 122% Market-st 62% 62%
Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak SL& H. - —
S F St. N P ss. — 115%, Presidio 12 —
S F & S JV65.115%116 i Powder—
SlerraßCal 65..10S — California .... — 187%
S Pof Ar «5..H3 114 F- Dynamite... — 100
SPC 6s (181.5.111 — Giant Con Co. 72% .3%
3PC 6s (1906) — — Vigorlt 3 3%
SPC 6s (1912) - - Sugar— *--• „__,
SPCIs eg 68.105 — Hana P C 0.... L L%
S P Br 65.. ..123 — Haw C& S C.126% —
S V Water 6s. — 117 Hutch S P Co. 35Vi 35%
S V Water .5.103%103% Kilauea S Co. 32% —
S V W45(3dm).102% — Paauhau S P. 42's 42%
Stktn Gas 65. .101% — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn.. 111% —
Contra Costa.. 72 72=4 Ger Ld Wk5..250 —
Marin 4".. 5a - Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.loo%lol Oceanic S Co.. 85 —
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C BorGo.lll —
Central G Co-. — - Par Paint Co.. ■% —
Cent L & P... 6% 8 I
Morning Session.
100 Board— Water 72 00
100 Contra Costa Water 72 00
140 Contra Costa Water 71 81%
5 Giant Powdej* Con, cash »2 00
45 Giant Powder Con 72 2o
350 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
SOO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 1-6 50
420 Hutchinson S P CO 35 25
1130 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 aO •
75 Market Street Railway, cash 62 50
250 Mutual Electric Light 1/00
10 Oceanic S S Co 86 00
160 Paauhau S P Co J--";
100 Pacific Gas Imp ■■ _,•> 50
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric ( ...... 4 00
180 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 a 0
• 25 San Fran Gas & Electric Co, cash.. 74 50
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 74 25
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds. .123 00
10 Spring Valley Water 100 75
Street—
500 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
100 Oceanic S S Co : >.»,
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water '? 00*
50 Contra Costa Water 72 12%
100 Contra Costa Water 72 25
60 Giant Powder Con i 3 00
5 Hana Plantation Co li a 0
195 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 126 2._.
155 Hutchinson S P Co 3a 37%
110 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 50
200 Market Street Railway 62 50
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 75
150 Paauhau S P Co 42.25
250 Pacific Gas Imp /5 .a
• 50 Pacific Gas Imp .- -3 00
70 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 50
15 San Francisco Gas & ElCcfric C 0.... 74 00
115 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 25
$10.000 8 F & S J V bonds 115 50
10 Spring Valley Water 100 75
Street—
40 Spring Valley Water 100 62%
10 Contra Costa Water 72 00
.INVESTMENT BOARD. .
Morning Session.
Board
-20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.-... 3 aO
100 Equitable Gaslight 800
30 Paauhau S P Co 42 12%
25 Paauhau S P Co ." 42 00
25 Hutchinson 8 P Co 3.. 12%
15 Hutchinson S P Co 35 25
Street
-50 Mutual Electric Co 17 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Equitable Gaslight 8 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 3.i 2..
40 Hutchinson S P Co 3a 37%
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 74 37%
30 San Francisco Gas & .Electric C 0.... 74 50
40 Contra Costa Water 72 00
$150 11 S 4 per cent bonds 11l 00
200 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
35 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
- MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best * Belcher 57 1 50 Gould & Curry 36
200 Bullion 02 1 100 Hale & Norcrs 26
ion Caledonia 34" 100 Ophlr 130
100 Challenge 36* 300 Sierra Nevada. 1 00
100 ('hollar .' 31 200 Utah 11
300 Con Cal & Va.l 75 500 Yellow Jacket. 45
Afternoon Session.
400 Mexican 53 1 100 Confidence . 80
100 Con Cal & Va.l 70 j 200 Sierra Nevada. 96
200 Savage 26 100 Caledonia 35
100 potosl 25 300 Challenge 35
600 Hale & Norcrs 26 500 Andes 11
100 Yellow Jacket. 43 100 Chollar 31
200 Belcher ' 361
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday; .:. . :
_-'. f. i. Morning Session.
260 Belcher 38 300 Hale & Norcrs 27
300 Belcher 37 700 Justice 22
200 Best & Belcher 57 300 Mexican 56
1500 Bullion 08 500 Mexican 55
200 Challenge Con. 36* 300 Mexican 54
150 Con <*al ft Va.l 75 800 Ophlr .....130
400 Con Cal & V.l 72% I 300 Ophlr 1 27%
300 Crown Point .. 881 200 Sierra Nevada. {>(_
200 Crown Point .. 21 ! 150 Union Con .... ,_$
300 Gould ft Curry 36' 200 Yellow Jacket. 46
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 10. 200 Hale & Norcrs 26
200 Belcher .: 36 400 Hale & Norcrs 25
600 Belcher 35 200 ophlr 125
200 Challenge Cop. 35 : Ifoo Potosl »
-300 Con Cal ft Va.l 70 500 Utah 19
200 Con Cal & V.l 67% 200 Utah 0 9
100 Confidence -0 , .■■.: _■ ... >>-** r-s; ,*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. May 4-4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. ; Bid. Ask
Alpha 06 07iKentuck 05 06
Alta 08 10 Lady Wash .... 01 0°
Andes ..." 10 11 Mexican 52 53
Belcher 35 36 Occidental 33 35
Best & Belcher 55 56 Ophlr 1201 25
Bullion 01 02 •■..■■ man in To
Caledonia .34 36 Potosl 2 25
Chollar 30 32 Savage 25 •>«
Challenge Con. 33 34 Scorpion _ {"«
Confidence ..... 79 81 Seg Belcher ... 02 0".
Con Cal ft Va.l 65 170 Sierra Nevada 05 -17
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill . _ n s
Crown Point.... 19 21 Syndicate ...... 05 __
Con New York. 02 —Standard 280 —
Exchequer . — — 03 St Louis .' 06 —
Gould & Curry 34 36 Union Con ..- 45 '46
Hale & Norcrs 25 26 Utah , 10 J,
Julia 02 .04 Yellow Jacket. 42. 43
Justice ......... 20 21 - *.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Pierre and Josephine Dupuy to Joseph G.
Demlng, lot on NW corner of Larkln and Eddy
streets, N 25 by W 85; — . • .
D. Buckley to same, all interest in tax sale
652 for 1884 and 1885; $1.
Hlbernla Saving's and Loan Society to same,
all interest in tax sale 790 for 1881 and 1882; $1.
Joseph G. and Mary A. Demlng to Guatav
L. Page, lot on NW corner of Polk street and
Fern avenue, N 30 by W 110; $10.
Albert P. and Mary A. Haviland to Hannah
N. Haviland, lot on W line of Van Ness ave
nue, 87:8 Vi S of Jackson street, S 40 by W 1-.-;
310.
Mary E. Callahan to Kate M. Mihan. lot on
E line of Webster street. 102 N of Washington,
N 25:6 by E 80, value received; — ..
Edmond and Ellen Kenny to Hugh McCrum.
lot on S line of California* street. IST Lof
Broderlck, E 27:6 by _ 137:6; $10. •
Mary E. Lang (by M. F. Vandall. commis
sioner) to German Savings and Loan society,
lot on N line of Ellis street. 250 W of Devl_.a
ders. W 25 by N 137:'*.; 31535. .* ..,'-.
Mary V. Thomas to Walter W. Mark!*, lot
on N line of McAllister avenue, 81:6 W of Par
ker -street, W 25, N 98:6. NE 25, 8 9.:5; 810.
Jane N. Still to William F. King, lot on W
line of Stelner street. 76:8 B of Geary, H 82 by
WBB (Hamilton Square); $10. .
Pacific Improvement Company to Hlbernla
Savings and Loan Society, lot on BE line of
Market' street, 217:6 B*W of Brady, BW < ■'> by
SE 124; $10. ' „,
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Simon
Clayburgh, lot on SE line of Market street,
217:6 SW of Brady. SW 25 by SE 124; 816.000
C. Alvln Houghton to Elizabeth A- Ather
ton. lot on W line of Mission street. 210:6 N
of Seventeenth, N 23:6 by W* 100; $10-
Elizabeth S. Knight (widow) to M. H. <M
Young, lot on N corner of Spear and Mission
streets, NE 137:6 by NW 137:6: $10.
Carrie B. Cheever (single) to Wales L. I ai
mer, undivided one-thirty-second interest in lot
on SW line of Essex street, 188 NW of Harri
son, NW* 62 by SW 87:6; $10.
G. E. and Androsella Lindquist to W llliam
W. Bednall, lot 'on S line of California street
South (Deeth), «4 E of Fourth avenue, _ .8
by S 100; 810. _ "J ,
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller «r> Herbert
C. Boper, lot on W line of Gundlach street,
253:5 N of Visitation, S 253:5. W 110. N* 257 " : _.
E 110, lots 1 to 7, block 33, Sunny Vale Home
stead; $350. • _. ,
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to John
Fotherlngham, lot on NE corner of Tione Path
and Laurel Path. N 14:10 by E 12. lot 2474; 887.
Estate Samuel Lewis, by Myer and Solomon
Lewis (administrators), to T. V. Harris, lot
on . N line of Sacramento street, 87:6 "rt of
Laurel, W 25 by N 100; $1700.
Cora B. Smith to Andrew B. Forbes, lot on
W line of Locust street, 127:8*4 N of Jackson.
W 200, N to Presidio, E to Locust, S to begin
ning: $10.
London and San Francisco Bank to Orvtlle
K. Baldwin, lot on S line of Jackson street,
127 E of First avenue, S 129:0*., E 75, N to
Jackson, W 79:1/4; $10.
John Cammen to Mary A. Bailey, lot on" E
line of Howard street. 165:3% N of Thirteenth,
N 45, E 134:8, S 42:9. W 138. quitclaim deed; "21.
Estate Richard Bailey, by Mary A. Bailey
(trustee), to Herman W. and Helene M. D.
Thyarks. same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Marv'A. Bailey to same, same; $10.
Frederick H. Krelne to Lily C. Kleine. lot
on W line of Lapldge, 250 N of Nineteenth. N
25 by W 80; gift. -. -'
Lena Morris to Congregation Sherith Israel,
all interest In block bounded by Nineteenth
and Twentieth, Church and Dolores: $_.
Esther Abraham to same, same; 81.. ■
' B. Joseph to same. . same.; $1.
C. A. Wilier to same, same; $1.
A. Gosliner (administrator of the estate of
Minnie Gosliner) to same, same; $1.
S. Shlrpse'r to same, lot in cemetery, same;
$122. . :
Roy M. and Elizabeth S. Henderson to Ma
thlas'A. and Georglne Sonne, lot on S line of
Eighteenth street. 250 W of Church, W 25 by S
114: $10.
Estate of Peter Holland (by A. J. Donley.
Joseph F. Morand and M. A. Maher. executors)
to Rosalie J. Colombat. lot on N line of Jessie
street, 45 W of Mint avenue, W 22:6 by X i >,
or described as N Jessie, 320 W of Fifth, W
22:6 by N 80; $3445.
Estate of Michael O'Donnell (by Mary Praul,
administratrix) to G. R. Splivalo _r Co. (a cor
poration), lot on SE line of Eldrldge street. 80
w of Chesley, SW 25 by SE 80; $2000.
Frederick E. and Emllie M. Mason to John
E. Mason, lot on E line of Vermont street, 100
N of Fifteenth (El Dorado), N 38:5 by E 100;
$10.
Max and Rosa Cohen to John S. Blanton, lot
on W line of Forty-third avenue, 50 S of R
street, S 50 by W 100; $10.
Mary A. Foss to Ollle Scully, lot on W line
of California avenue. 300 S of Fair avenue, *W
150 by S 30; gift.
Cella A. Dolan to Margaret Cassidy. lot on
N line of Cortland avenue, 70 "W" of Nevada
street, W 30, N 65. E 29:7, S 65, lots 1 and 2,
block 1, Baman Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Sarah Wakefield to Arthur W. Foster, lots 1
to 6, block R, revised map, Oakland Heights,
Oakland: $10. - *
William A. L. Knowles to Mary J. Knowles,
lot on N line of Sunny Slope avenue, 212 W of
Pleasant Valley avenue, W 40 by N 125, being
lot 10, block C, map of Sunny Slope Tract,
Oakland; gift.
Same to same, 2.76 acres, beginning at a point
in center line of Pleasant Valley avenue, 1218:3
S from point where same intersects NE line of
Plat 23. Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence SW
200, *SE 566.90 to center of Vermont street,
thence NE 162:3 to center of Chambers street,
thence NW 64.4. JJE 20.16, NW 594.14 to begin
ning, portion Pleasant Valley Tract, Oakland:
gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of ("banning
way, 250 W of Fulton street, W 50 by S 150,
block 3. property College Homestead Associa
tion, Berkeley; gift.
Lula Pitts to John D. Peller. lots 43 and 44.
block 18. resubdivision of townslte of Fitch
burg, Brooklyn Township: $60.
Benjamin Bateman to Seymour Shotwell, lot
20, block D. revised map of Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eleanor S., Chester and Ella M. Deering to
Mrs. L. Schwagerman, lot on N line of Davis
street. 375 W of Peralta avenue. NE 122.29, NW
25, SW 122.14, SE 25 to beginning, -'rooklyn
Township; $10.
John J. McStay to Mary F. McStay, lot on S
line of San Jose avenue, 216:8. E of Walnut
street, E 33:4 by S 150, block P, lands adjacent
to Encinal, Alameda; gift.
W. A. L. Knowles to Mary J. Knowles, lot
on SE corner of Lincoln avenue and Pearl
street, S 70 by .E 140, Alameda; gift.
Same to same, lot on W* line of Park street,
95:4% N of Clment avenue, N 50:2%. W 100:5%.
S 50. E 96:1 to beginning, being lot 14, block
43, Minturn Tract, Alameda; gift.
Same to same, lot on NW line of Broadway,
50 SW from E corner of lot 44. Hays and Ca
perton half -acre lots and distant 7so SW from
SW* line of road survey No. 723. also ::nown as
Central avenue, thence SW 37:6. NW 140:2, NE
32:6, SE 140:2 to beginning, Alameda: gift.
Charles and Rachel McCall to Edna B. Ken
dall (wife of A.), lot on SW corner of Tele
graph avenue and Thirty-first street. S 55, W
130.36, N 55, E 131.73 to beginning, block 2035,
Rowland Tract, Oakland: $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Ed G
Tupper, lot on SW line of Santa Clara avenue,
251.77 SE of Oakland avenue, SE 50 by SW
150, being lot 12, block J, Undo. Vista Terrace,
Map 2, Oakland; $10.
Wilson C. Smith to George W. Austin, lot on
N line of Twenty-eighth street, 53 E of Poplar,
E 25 by N 100, block 663:1, Peralta Homestead,
Oakland; $10.
Jessie E. Watson to Ida M. Re. d. lot on N
line of Durant avenue, 150 W of _-owditch
street. W 75 by N 130. block 10, nroperty Col
lege Homestead, Berkeley, warranty deed; $100.
Harvey K. and Mary A. Thomson to Felix
Man use, lot on SE corner of Pacific avenue and
Sherman street, S 33:4, E 107. N to S line of Pa
cific avenue, W* 107 to beginning, Alameda; $10
Joanna L. Miller to Mary E. Schleffelin. lot
on 'SE corner of Eighth and Union streets, E
40 by -S 112. Oakland: $10.
Daniel and Essie McLeod to Patrick Ahem,
lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 135 W* of
Peralta, W 25 by N 115:7%, being lot 29, block
740 A, Oakland; $10.
George W. Austin to Edward T. Whitney, lot
on N line of Joy street. 198.80 E of Humboldt
avenue, E 35 by N 100. being lot 8 and E 10 feet
of lot 7, block G. resubdivision of portion of
Roberts and W'olfskill Tract. Oakland: $10.
G. W. and Mary E. Schweinhard to A. H.
Doig, undivided half interest In lot 23. Turn
bull Tract, being a subdivision of a portion of
lot 7. Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn Township (sub
ject to a mortgage for $50); $65.
Mary E. Schleffelin (by attorney) to Joanna
L. Miller (wife of Frank Miller), lot on W
line of Park street. 110:2% S of Buena Vista
avenue, S 35:4% by W 108:3%, N 35. E 107.60 to
beginning, block 46, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda (warranty deed); $10. ".
S. C. Bigelow to H. L. Holcomb, lot 6,
block F, Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Alice M. and Edward David to J. M. 'Bart
lett, lot on N line of Lvdla street. 120:7 E of
Market. E 25 by N SO. block 310, Oakland: $10
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Alice M. David
lot on S line of -Orchard avenue. 100 E of Sum
mit, E 37:8 by S 100, being a portion of Buena
Vista Homestead. Oakland (subject to mort
gage); $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Krug & amracrmann Malting Company (own
ers) with Huwe & Hlppely (contractors) ar
chitect R. Zimmerman. Carpenter work tin
ning and painting for a new malt kiln house
on W line of Shotwell street. 125 S of Eight
eenth, thence 43 along said street, thence W 43
thence E 45 to beginning; $2960. •■'
Theodore L. Trouln (owner) with J. C. Brown
(contractor), architect Charles M. Rousseau All
work except brick work, plumbing, tinning.
Iron cresting, cement work, gas fitting, wood
mantels, finishing hardware, door openers and
painting for alterations and additions to a 2
story frame building on E line of Castro
street. 18. S of Eighteenth. S 37 by E 126. M.
B. 113: $1075.
Office of the United States Lighthouse Inspec
tor, Twelfth District, San Francisco, Cal..
• May 4. 1899.
NOTICE TO MARINERS-POINT PINOS—
CALIFORNIA.
The Whistling buoy off Point Pinos. south
side of Monterey Bay, Cal., which recently dis
appeared, has been replaced In Its old posi
tion. ;-,"■ -'■:■:..;
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1898," page 16.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
1". BEBREE, Commander. U. S. N..
• Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographtc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. ;.. -v.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and . all matters
of interest to ocean commerce. ; '-*„.'
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the hall was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKIN*?.
Lieutenant. I*. S. N.. In charge.
.SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francis.*.. Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FBIDAY, MAY 5.
Sun rises '. '. 5:08
Sun sets : 7:04
Moon rises 2:20 a. m.
r) !Time| |Time| Time ITlrae
P 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. ! Ft.
• L \V; HW| L W H W
6 ... 1:5.'! l.| «:0« 4.5! 1:66 1.0 8:28 5.9
6 ... 2:4!)' 0.6 9:09 4.9 2:39^ 1.4 9:0« 6.1
7 ... S:3B 0.0 10:16 5.0 1 3:20 I.S 9:44 6.4
8 ... 4:2.1—0.5 11 :<JI 4.9 4:01 2.1 10:20 6.4
9 ... 6:071 — 0.8 ll:',r. 4. 1 - 5:44 2 7 livr.fi fi.4
10 ...| 6:50|—0.9| 12:47! 4.7 6:20 2.7 11:33 «.J
11 ... 6:33 -0.:-' 1:89 4.: $:01 2.9 |
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
. and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
! given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
1 when a minus sign ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
; the depth given by the charts. The plane of
• reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
| Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S.N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 4. 1899.
| The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
I o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
I ] '
! Aztec China and Japan May 5
Htnte of Cal Portland May 5
Belgian Kin*.. China and Japan May 5
Moana Sydney 'May 5
Willamette [Seattle May 5
I Arrata jCoos Pay May 6
Empire Coos Bay May *5
•Cnos Ray Newport May 9
City of Peking. China and Japan May «
) Bristol Departure Bay |May H
I Washtenaw Taonma May «
j Homer Departure Bay May 7
I Titania INanaimo May 7
Czarina Pupet Sound May 7
Aloha Point Arena !May 7
Pomona 'Humboldt !May 7
Walla Walla. ...i Victoria <fc Puget Sound May 7
Coquille River.. 'Oray? Harbor May 7
Crescent City.. 'Crescent City May S
Alllanre F'.rtland May 9
Coronn JPan Piepo 'May S
i Mine<-,ir INanaimo ! May 8
A. Blanchard..!Coos Bay 'May i>
j Arapuli-n Panama May 9
I North Fork Humholdt IMay 9
\ Columbia Portland May 10
; Bonita INewport May 10
; Mackinaw ITacoma May T>
■Wellington Departure Bay May 10
' Point Arena Point Arena May 11
>San Juan lAcapulco 'May 12
! Vmatilla Victoria & Puget Sound I May 12
Panta Rosa Ran Dieeo : May 12
-..;..:-;. STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! destination, sans. ner.
Santa RosaiSan -Diego May 6, 11 am Pier U
Amir Maru China A- Japan May 6. 1 pm PMSS
Queen Vie & Ppt Pel. May 6, 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .'May 6. 3 pmiPier 2
Curacao ...(Mexico May •". 10 am' Pier 11
State Cal... [Portland May S. lft anVPW 2i
City of Para' Panama May S. 12 m PM??
Cock Bay. .. (Newport May 8, 9am I Pier U
Pomona ... Humbol.lt May 9. 2pm rier 1
Arcata | Coos Bay May 9, 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Piego May II). 11 am Pier 11
Alliance ... Coos 8ay...... May 10, 10 amPler 20
A. Blanche! Humboldt May 10. " pm Pier IS
Aloha IPolnt Arena.. iMay 10, .ipm.Pipr 2
Walla WalltVlc Sk Pgt Sd.iMay 11. 10 amlPler <)
Bonita INewuort May 12, laml'ler 11
Columbia ..(Portland May I."?, in amPler H
•
■ ]
I shippi>g i\tf_li,igi.m _.
• ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 4.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. IS hours from Monterey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Luella, Miller.. 61 hours from Tillamook.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. •-".:_'.-■*-
Schr Nettie Sundberg, Johnson, 30 hours from
Usui.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 24 hours from
Iversens Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, May 4.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Hall, Coraox; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Ital ship Caterina Accame. Bellando, Queens
town: Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Bktn Willie R Hum?. Brown, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude. Tahiti; J
Pinet & Co.
Schr Martha W Tuft, Johnson, La Paz; Win
Olsen.
Schr Aloha, -Dabel, Honolulu; Williams, Pi
mond & Co. : -
Schr John F Miller. Hansen, Unga; McCol
lum Fishing and Trading Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. May 4.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stinr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette. Honolulu.
Stmr Ruth, Strand. -^
Stmr Pulton, Levlnson. Astoria. . ;
Ship Ixiuis Walsh. Gammons. Tacoma.
Bark Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu.
Russ bktn Bering. Aulin, Petropaulovski.
Schr Mary, Matsen. Fort Ross.
Sehr Mary Etta, Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, Waldport.
Schr Albert Meyer. Nielsen. Seattle.
*>; : CHARTERS. .".'- ; ...
The Glory of the Seas loads coal at Comox for
this port.
The City of Madras loads lumber at Moody
ville for "Sydney. 455: Mlstl.y Hall, flour at
Portland for Hongkong; Star of Bengal, lumber
on the' Sound for Sydney. 41s.
SPOKEN.
April 16, lat 1 N. long 31 W— Br ship Vl
melra, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
■:'-■.•' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 4. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 14 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed May 3— Schr Una,
for San Francisco; schr Reporter, for Redondo;
stmr Crescent City, for San Francisco. May 4—
Stmr Coquille River, for San Francisco.
USAL — Arrived May 3 — Stmr Newsboy, hence
May 2.
Sailed May Schr Free Trade, for San
Francisco. .*.;.-
COOS BAY— Arrived May 3— Stmr Empire,
hence April 30; stmr Areata, hence May 1.
NIIAII BAY— Passed May 3— Nor stmr Tita
nla. from Nanalmo, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA- May 4— Stmr Signal, from
Seattle. -■•-".-.■-
Sailed May 4— Stmr Lakme, for Tacoma; Br
bark British Princess, for Algoa Bay.
CASPAR— SaiIed May 1— Stmr Hueneme. for
San Pedro.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May 4— Stmr Alcazar,
for Port Harford.
SEATTLE— Arrived May Jap stmr Sakura
Main, from Callao: Jar stmr Rio Jun Mam,
from Hongkong and Yokohama.
PORT ANGELES— up May 4— Jap
stmr Sakura Main, from Callao, for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 4— Jap stmr
Rio Jun Maru. from Yokohama, for Seattle;
stmr Rosalie, for Dyea.
' Pissed out May 4-rStmr Walla Walla, for San
Francisco.
DEPARTURE BAY— sail May 4— Stmr
Home.*, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 4-Stmr
Albion, from Westport; Haw stmr San Mateo,
from Comox: stmr Westport, from .
VENTURA— SaiIed May 4— Schr C T Hill, for
Grays Harbor.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived April 22— Stmr Colon,
hence March ' 2S.
Sailed A_7>rll IS— Stmr Costa Rica, for Aca
jutla.
| QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 3— Fr bark
Jeanne d Arc hence Dec 30.
NEWCASTLE. Eng— Arrived May 2— Ger
bark Paul Isenberg. from Oregon;
CALLAO— Arrived May 2— Bktn Portland, fm
Eureka. - ',_
NANAIMO— Sailed May 4— Br stmr Wyefleld,
for San Diego.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 4— Stmr Maas
dam. Iron*. New York, via Boulogne.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 4— Stmr Rhyn
land. froth Philadelphia.
COPENHAGEN- Arrived May 4— Stmr Norge,
from New fork, via Christians and Stettin.
HAMBURG Arrived May 4— Stmr Grattwal
dersee, from New York.
• MOVlLLE— Arrived May 4— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York, for Glasgow.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 4— Stmr Ned
erland, from Antwerp.GROANS GREET
A DECISION
AT OAKLAND
Ingleside Exiles Dis
gust the Crowd.
— • —
DARE II WAS DISQUALIFIED
4
AFTER WINNING IN A 810 GAL
LOP.
Reopening Day of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Flimsy Sport
That Failed to Please.
Devereux Backed.
The exiled Pacific Coast Jockey Club
now holds possession of the Oakland race
track. Yesterday the Ingleside associa
tion commenced what will be the closing
meeting of the racing season. Its at
tendance was not large, and if half as
ninny people are present this afternoon
many smart ones will miss their guess.
A morsel of turf history will explain it
all.
One day during the preceding meeting
of the club named Pat Morrissey won a
race and was disqualified in favor of the
Corrlgan entry, Adolph Spreckels. It was
a selling affair and Corrigan's horse '»--*
given a substantial "boost" by "Butch"
Fisher, a well-known trainer and owner.
A few days later Fisher captured a race
with Pot^nte, after which the Hawthorne
turfman stepped nut and, bidding up the
winner, secured the animal. This was tit
for tat, and the brace of turfmen shook
hands. It was not a Masonic shake,
though. Yesterday Fisher started a re
cent purchase of his. Dare 11. in the third
race, and the- horse won in a big gallop.
Personne finishing second. rrigan fur
nished the 3 to 10 favorite Sardonic, which
ran fourth. At the stretch turn Dai was
pinched on the rail, which imping was
caused by "Colonel Roosevelt" Pig
gott on the favorite and Macklin,
with the le_r up on Red Glenn,
a "lobster" by the looks of the
betting. Jenkins took his mount up, and
traveling around his field won as before
mentioned. After weighing In Glover, the
rider of Personne, was called Into the
stand by Judge Smith, and then Jenkins
was surhmoned before the tribunal. Pa
trol Judpe Moore was next questioned and
the doom of Dare \va.s read on their
faces. Fisher had bearded the lion In his
den and must suffer. Dare was disquali
fied amid the hoots and howls of the dis
gusted spectators. It might also be men
tioned that Personne was backed from 20
down to 10 and 12.
The card throughout was a ragged
looking one, permitting of four lopsided
favorites winning.
A carefuliy planned coup was executed
in the two-year-old event. ■ vereux . a
colt by Puryear 1 rizelda, with Jenkins •
on his back, and backed from 20 down to
7 10.1. won imposingly from a big field of
youngsters. Always in front, he finished
three lengths ahead of Tanobe at the
wire. Armistice, the 4 to 5 favorite, rid
den by Piggott, ran unplaced.
With Pelxotto scratched from the intro
ductory event, a mile selling run, Social
ist, the mount of Jenkins, closed favorite.
The bay gelding led from the start, win
ning in a walk from Judge uffer. The i
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE Thursday, May 4, Seventy
fourth day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
EDWIN* F. SMITH. Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
I( ) T 7 ■
; purse,
Index. ilor*». Atre. Wei '
Km.
>_m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
| Bet
|Op.
-
■
■
1 Hi
2 hi
I l^i
3 h
4 I
6 hi
1 b
3 ' 2
6 ii
9
7 1
1 2
2 1
4 '_
3 h '
6 2
7 4
8 l
9
1 4
4 4
3 h
5 '_
6 : 2
7 b
5 hi
9
1 6 . Jenkins I 8-6 8-5
2 1 : _ J. Reiff I 4 8
B'_ J. Stewait , 15 20
4 2 iHahn 5-2 11-5
E i ,'Wainright ... 15 40
6 1 iDlngley •
7 6 i Macklin ; 40 60
8 6 W. Xanaez..| 60 100
9 I Rutherford ... 30 60
R.imep.i ; 5-2 4
'Jjttt.
Ti n .e_i;_ : 2ci 4 ; v, ;im; %, 1:17; mile, I:42*. Winner. C. Linda b. g. by St. Carlo-
Anarchy. Had start." Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner made a ?n!!op of it. Cuvallo ran queerly. Others of little use.
Svratehc-d— i'aul Kruijfr 107, Peixotto 10S, Morana 102.
t i\-r ■ tj - maiden two-year-olds; purse, MOO.
iU(oi
St. Una. httn. %m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys
«m.
V»M.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
. 1 — 1 1
1004 Devcreux 113; 4 ... ... 14' ... 1 3 Jenkins ....... 7 <»
1059 Tanobe .112! 2 ... ... 21 ... 2 1 [Olover i S 10
K'2y Artemis HO 3 ... ... 3'_ ... 3 I>_ McNichols ... 12 _>
1034 Honor Bright 11') fi ... ... 4 % ... 4 l Macklin 10 15
103fl Armistice 113] 7 ... ... ghi ... 6 2 Piggott , 1 4-0
1035 Purfeil 11018 Eft ... 63 Ruiz I 39 60
lOJ!) Champion* Rose. : ,::'.llo 1 '.!! '.'.'. 91 , ... 8 2 Bassingnr"!!!! 20 40
9 1 ... 8 2 'Basßingcr — 20 40
ICfiT. Uruidesa 110 S 6 1 ... 9 3 W. Narvaez.. 3 4
1041 \bbieolo ■...lltVlO 10 ... 10 1 J. Power 50 100
Heraldo 10 11 ... ... 11 ... 112 W. See ; 30 80
... Miss Sophie 110 12 12 ... 12 O'Brien 30 40
10.2 nrrimpnt 110 * D McCarthy. 60 100
1C«» M!?s Margaret. .....llo » ... Zubber I 100 100
,j „»» ■ ~
Time—^i, :25; ',i, :43. Winner, S. Merri weather's b. c. by Puryear D-Grlzelda. Poor
.start. Won rlddeii out. S?con«l and thir-i driving.
Devereux had been going great punti in private. Artemis is improving. Armistice a
disappointment. Hurfeit Ih fas>t, but unsteady.
Scratched— Slsquoc 113, Big Horn 113. I_a Roma 110, Pythla 110.
I/17Q THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; Belling; four-year-olds and upward;
IU(U« purse. $400- __
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight .\ St. Std. '<m.
'_m.
%m-
Str.
Fin.
1082 D nre II 5 US! 32 3 2> 2 3h 3 4 11 »l 2', |Jenkins 6 7
TO Personnp. 5 .....Hi! 4 In Ii li IV, 2 h 2% Glover SO 12
10S« RediOlenji a 115 i .'. • 4 4 4 3 4 1.". 3 2 3 4 Macklln 3 8
947 Sardonic;"* 1113 2 1 2 1 2 1 2r. 410 415 Plggott 1-3 3-10
66Q Our Johnny . 4 118; 5 4_l : 5 .5 5 5 J. Russell. ...| 12 30
•Dlsqualifled for fouling and placed last.
Time— Hf :13: "'&• :3ftl * : '"■'*• 1:Or '' *: %< ■2: mile. 1:44%; 1% miles, 1:57%; Winner, C.
W Chapp^r's br. g. by Leonatus-Counteee Glsela. (Jood start. Won easily. Second and
thir m're i \vu'n In a gallop. Nine out of ten saw no fouling. Sardonic quit suddenly. Red
Glenn lia? gone back. ___^ ; _——— -
6 7
20 12
3 8
1-3 3-10
12 30
lA__Tk FOURTH RACE— and a half furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds;
HJollt purse, $100. ,-J. _________
.
I
Weight. (St.
Mm-
: _m.-
%m.
Str.
Fin.
E32 Ant inch 113 2
1087 Solstice -117, 6
1062 Chlpsa 1"! ">
992 Peach Blossom 11l 1
1060 Gold Raron 113 4
1060 Llmatus 1171,*
2 >,_.
3 i
4 hi
6
1 1
s_h
3 hi
2 l'_
4 'i
I
1 h
5 1
3 Vz
1 3
■1 %
5 3
2 h
6
1 ns iFiggott
1 6 I Ames
8' i Glover
4 1 Jenkins
5 6 Fallehy '.
6 Hahn
1-2
3
12
6
S
10
2-5
6
30
7
12
20
V. s'_f. 1:11. Winner. K. rnrrlgan's b. g. by imp. Watercregs-
l_a Pi .•• Won Bret three driving.
• t to pieces. Others of no account.
|f|O| FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, %MO.
| Arc. Weight. St.
%m.
«m.
%m.
6tr.
Fin.
1062 .Top man, 5 113; 3
1054 Malay, 8 92 2
jr»66 Lrfmewater, 3 83; 5
1003 I^is Medanos, 3 — 103 1
1054 Casdale. 3 89 4
S
8 IV4
1 2
2 h
4 li
3 r.4
4 8
1 M
2 li
5
1 Vi
3 IV4
4 2
2 hi
6
1 H
2 %
4 2
3 h
5
1 h
2 3
3 1
4 4
5
J. Relff
McXichols ...
Hi ilmes
1-2
10
10
3
6
1-3
20
15
9-2
12
Jonklns
Coburn
Xime-^; :2~'K: Is.1 s. :<B%: %. l:15*i; mile, 1:41 U. Winner. Duke & Wishard's eh. j?. by
Riley-Hattle Harris. Good start. Won first three driving.
lleiff, on winner, nearly caught napping. Llmewater interfered with at far turn.
I^>s Mc-danos probably short.
_C__>O SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
lUaZ* puree, $100.
1 II Bettinc.
Indac Horse. Age. Weight. Jst. Mm. y,m. \m. Btr. Fin. j Jockey* [Op- CL
La Goleta, 4 107 ; 2 3h 2V4 211h lh Jenkins I 1-4 1-4
Mistral n. 6..U6 ?. 11 1 I>_ 1 1«_ 2 5 2IS Piggott 1 3
• Oirl B 111! 1 Mi 3i_ 420 3 2 3 3 Amen 12 15
trlane, a 118 ~> <2 418 8h 415 415 Glover I 30 SO
4 102 4 5 5 S 6 6 ]J. Stewart.. ..| 60 150
H. :M'_: %■ 1:1M4; mile. 1:43. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's ph. m. by Amigo-
■: I -tart Won easily. S<-<ond and third driving.
: one. No pace made to speak of. La Goleta drew away at leisure. Still.
she 1? not at her beat I-ost Girl is sour. M^Farlane had early speed.
■craiched— fitorm King 116
Htn.
\m.
Btr.
Fin.
second choice, Cavallo. was "dead,*' and
Caldwell left Don Vallejo, the third
choice, at the post.
Corrigan's Antioch was given the ver
dict over Solstice in the five and a half
furlong dash for maidens. After taking
the lead In the stretch Ames, on Sols
tice, went to pieces the last part, and In a
hair-raising finish was placed second.
At odds of 1 to 3, Joe Oilman, piloted by
Johnny Reiff, won only by a narrow mar
gin at the close of the mile selling event,
fifth on the card. McNlcuOla came with
a rush on the outside the last furlong,
and was downed by a head in 1:41%. Los
Medanos was heavily backed for the
place, but failed utterly in the stretch.
Held a 1 to 4 chance in the ring. La
Qolota took the final run without effort
from Imp. Mistral.
Track Notes.
Jenkins distinguished himself by put
ting three winners over the plate. The
promising rider has supplanted Bullman
In the public's affections. He was fined
$50 for his ride on Dare.
A well-known young turfman from Los
Angeles was credited with taking over
$5000 out of the ring over the victory of
: Devereux.
" **
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
1073 Tar Hill 118 1073 Flush of G01d. .115
(lOlfi)Bamboulia .... IIS | 1073 Gusto 118
1073 San Tomaa 1131 1073 May Gertrude. 115
Second Race- Seven furlongs; four- year- olds
and upward; selling.
1075 Rapid., 11l 1048 Sevoy 100
1C.6 I'na Colorado. .lll 1065 Uncle True 109
1075 Meadow Lark.. 1026 Three F0rk5... .11l
1046 Jerilderio 10. 1035 Shellac 107
104*! Schnitz 114 1026 Rosemaid 107
1047 Scintillate 1"7 1014 Bonlto 107
P29 Cabrillo 114 1079 Our Johnny.. 114
1048 N'aranja 103 1064 Dochness 114
... Oscuro 114 1046 Terra Archer. .lll
Third Race— Six furlongs; four- year-olds and
ward.
1046 Santa Lucia 104 998 May McCarty. .101
1046 Nuncomar 106 1009 Nebula 104
654 Gratify 106 1011 Cyan- 104
1047 Majesty 104 H4 Heritage 106
1067 Henry C 107 1070 Jennie Gibb....104
944 I'olaski 106 1050 Morana 102
1065 Judge Xapton . . 104 1067 Benroe 107
1037 Alvin E 106 1076 Rossmore 106
1047 Bueno 106 1077 Byron Cross 104
Fourth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; Felling.
290 Carbineer 112 1052 Glengaber M
"■-' Cleodora 91 1067 Hannah Reld.. 95
I 71 Anchored 36, 1035 Roulette Wheello7
1015 Thyne 103! 1071 Nilgar 104
1071 Gilberto 93 (1067)Fortls 93
1052 Judge Wofford. 93 1
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; Felling.
(1046)Aluminuni 1071 -*-_ Ping 112
1064 Ricardo 109 1070 CH. Harrison Jr 95
(1072)51y .113|(1064)Mocorito 105
932 Don Luis 107 1 1063 Horatio 112
1062 Einstein 107](1051)Helgh Ho 105
1055 Ann Page 931 991 Benamela 109
<i"7"iAmasa 1091 1058 Pelxotto ill
985 Highland Ball. 112 1066 Rey Hooker.... 100
1070 Etta H 1131
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; handicap.
(1021)Ailyar 1051 1082 Lost Girl 93
Losormonde ...104 1069 Tony Llcalzi... 90
1051 Har. Thoburn. 97 1070 Genua S5
1019 Ollnthus 95 1
Selections for To-Day. i
First Race— San Tomas, Tar Hill, Gusto.
Second Cabrillo, Bonito, Jerilderio.
Third Race— Nebula. Bueno. Majesty.
Fourth Race— Nil-far, Carbineer. Fortis.
Fifth Race— Horatio, Heigh Ho, Mocorito.
Sixth Race — Allyar, Rosormonde, Tony Li- \
calzl. - I
■ ♦ ■ I
The Name BTJDWEISER
On a bet Tie of beer is a guarantee of superior
merit, when the Anheuser-Husch trade mark ;
and name also appear on the label. Purest.
Brewing Ass'n.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Ella Clements from Fred Clements on
the ground of failure to provide; Roletta
S. Gussander from Fritz A. Gussander on
the ground of extreme cruelty, and
Eruda Gulda from Santino Gulda on the
ground that the defendant had. been con
victed of a felony. Suits for divorce have
been filed by Mary E. Hitchcock against
William H. Hitchcock for failure to pro
vide: Mina F. Dutree against Jose Dutree
for- cruelty and Emma M. Anderson
against Oscar Anderson for desertion.
TUB BAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
AN AGED TEACHER
FINALLY RETIRES
Close of a Career of a Quarter Century
in College of Pharmacy.
WILLIAM T. WENZELL, Emeritus Professor.
AFTER an honorable career of twenty-seven years a? professor of chem
istry in the Pharmaceutical Colege, William T. Wenzell has resigned.
His threescore y< ars ami ten rest heavily on the educator, and he has
retired to his ranch at Napa, where he will spend the waning years of
his life. As a token of appreciation of his ability as an instructor and his
long connection with tho College of Pharmacy, he was made emeritus pro
fessor. This is purely an honorary title, conferred in recognition of con
scientious and unremitting labor.
The dean of tho college, William M. Searby, speaks highly of Professor
Wenzell. "He is one of the oldest and most highly respected Instructors on
the Pacific Coast," Bays Mr. Searby. "Last year he suffered a severe at
tack of la grippe, which lowered his vitality and deprived him of that
evenness of temper bo necessary in an instructor."
Back of the resignation of Professor Wenzell is a story of the disaffection
of the'junior class at the College of Pharmacy and of friction between the
professor and his pupils. A meeting was held in November last to deter
mine whether, the students Bhould continue their year's work in chemistry,
or, on the other hand, request the faculty to provide another instructor.
The pupils claimed that advancing years had so reduced the efficiency of
their professor that he was unable to cope with forty active, energetic
students. The matter was presented to the faculty and the students under
stood that another lecturer would be provided. This was not done, how
ever, and tli-' class took matters Into their own hands.
The- entry of Professor Wenzell to the classroom was invariably th»> sig
nal for a noisy demonstration, making the delivery of a lecture Impossible.
When the examination in chemistry was held last week not a student ap
peared either in the classroom or on the college grounds. Professor Wen
zell resigned at once. 'Die faculty conferred upon him the title of Emeri
tus professor as recognition of his splendid work for the college during the
quarter of a century he has been one of its foremost figures. i
Ida Aubrey's Case.
The fight for the guardianship of little
Ida Aubrey again occupied the attention
of Judge Coffey yesterday. Captain Van
Pelt of the steamer Ukiah, father of Mrs.
Eva Aubrey, the child's mother, is lending
Q-f 4 O O-f O-f 0-f O-f-Of O-f O-f-Of Of -f O Of O-f Of O-f O-f +Of OtOfOf 00
!An Instrument of Torture I
l o
o ___tfffil-iU I I_iJJIL- -bLi,ii__. ._. rgT^"^- Is a Truss made on the plan as *♦*
+, yjp*-**** ■■ , " flflH ™^***«i*ii^^S-fc^ .shown, with a heavy steel or iron ®
0 / _^_S*. __wJttS__ h band, as you know if you have ~T
+ / ___9^^*m_W^ fifcjft M been in the habit of wearing one. °
O I fgg&P^ ropmL>B Throw It away! Why will you ♦
♦ V jp^fiffiy continue wearing such an instru- ?
9 \Sk i^T*^" t-H-f-T ment of torture, when we can fur- 0
"l KStß^___mW nish you a most efficient truss— >
i- ELASTlC— without any Iron O
O —mifmiTirrii--- hoops or steel springs about it, -f
4- and- one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and 9
O DAT? As for CURES, DR. PIERCES Celebrated MAGNETIC EL AS- ♦
**>* TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC 2.
O TRUSS, the only genuine and successful one ever Invented. Electricity o
4* is the only thing that will CURE rupture, and when Dr. Pierces Truss -f
♦* cures a rupture it stays cured. Send 2c in stamps for our "Book No. 1," O
° or call at office. Address: >
I MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY |
o 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco. 1
4 o
%o+o+o+ o+o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o-f o4- f-o-f of o-fo-f-o-fo-fo-fo-f o-f o-f o4 O 4-9
AUCTION SALES.
SALOON AUCTION.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY) AT 11 A. M.
1542 MARKET ST.. OPP. SEVENTH.
FRANK __ BTJTTERFIELD. 667 Market st.
X^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A, gt-^CT *825 KEABKY ST. Established
MrtlsGA in "* s * ' or fae trfatmont of Private
IB Lff,9f9 Diseases. Lout Man boor) Liability or
H_B_3_S.n3l '"spas** wearing on body an fi mind and
JfflMfera Diseases, I'bedoctorcureswheii
■_?_R ____! " : ■' : ' fft "- Try in. (.'barges low
SHQ-H *-'•■*•*■■■ f".--——:-—* Call orwrita
_r. J. __•*- .iH-80-H, Box 3357.. 5 at. Francisco
• OCE__IT TRAVEL.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence, .
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLT.
-
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East st.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $30 and upward.
::^. : * Second Cabin
City of Rome, $35. Other Steamers, 980.
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.50. Furnessta, $24.50. - Other
Strs.. #23. 50
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green, New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 6 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT, 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery at,
SAN FRANCISCO.
i his assistance to defeat the efforts of Mrs.
; Aubrey to gain the guardianship of her
daughter. Since the opening' of the case
many uncomplimentary things have been
said by the daughter against her father
and the reverse. A decision Will be hand
ed down in a few days.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHAT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, l p. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki, and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. - * _ , ■ - ■-: -
AMERICA MART' Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MAKE Thursday, June 1
NIPPON MARU Tuesday*. June 27
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
Pm m 3 * s * M ■••'•'' : <- satis
JWMIfIE _ la , , Honolulu and
d Auckland for Sydney
■ — -^- Wednesday. May 17.
Our L* A at 10 p- **•"■•
rtlE-IHSniD'***' ° T, he *-*• "*■ Australia
* - ,a for Honolulu
(pmp^lcfep at c 2 d eS mf' May 31,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez'
England, etc. ; $510 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Acts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW yORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI!
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May SNl*t. Lot. is May 24
Paris 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE,
New York nnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3|Westernland ....May 34
Frlesland May 10 j Kensington ...:.May 31
Southwark May rHNoordland ...;.. June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
6eattl9. St. Michael, Dawson City. .
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
COMPAQNIE GENERATE TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. *-_,_-.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <3ii_fc_>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of "«"*™__&
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAGNE, May 20; LA TOURAINE,
May 27; LA GASCOGNE, June 3: LA CHAM-
PAGNE, June 10. First-class to Havre, $65 and
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery' aye., San
Francisco-
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. 1 TH:ii EMPORIUM.
y^*¥*l-^*J.*-|.*»*V*»*l»-J»**Ji*«*^ti*-J-**yv
j J No transaction is complete with us until the customer is satisfied. J
I ™«" THE -- M -**P-"HIJM "s_r !
ft qf7«j*> m g^^^ \\%b& (©-*■■ £_£$ *^^^a^ «^3pi_i_j jeTriei&Sa
* Gil.* tains P^ NSjJS' |W^B _
* $1.98. i' , ?»ol«le n Kaiie ftazaar. ¥ Q *»««"». . '
* „ . " ". California's Largest— America Grandest Store. sc. J
ft 50 pairs very choice ** •.;"/•.-. J
ft Lace Curtains. 3' 2 i — >r ■-* -* /> 50 pieces Gray *
ft yards long, 54 inches >/^ Qf^^ C_*^^ Twilled Silesia, an ex- 3j
9 wide, very heavy / * — 7^*. ' ___/ ceilent 8' 3 c quality —
* weave, double net, / /_/ J/_^ A ,S_^ \_Z_7 J Si/7 / /*■"*•** //y>^>/^?/_/ yf J even *** - vul * ***-° no * ; - *
J imitation Irish point, \^_^/C^t^l/^_r^ /^ /^^ **--*V^ O^Ly^L^L *^rrl^ need it to da ' you *
J well-filied centers, reg- Sf ALL~~D/KY" **_/¥_* cannot mi::& this «#
I u!ar price $3 pair— // Sz_>/-/-/y»/ -Airs— /7 chance— for Friday *
J to-day only. ...^lf-9ff // C/^ L *->**■£■- /V -_ j
I One-Third Off Silk Remnants To-Day, I
ft t/*? /ar^ assortment of fancy Silk Remnants, including Striped Taffetas, Brocade Satin Duckesse, J
J Peau de Soies and Plaid Taffetas, at one-third off present marked price for Bargain Friday **
8 only. Some of the most beautiful effects of the season in this lot. *
* . ' ■ . .._-.....' *
ft ; .
ft For To- Day, Bargain Friday Only. Friday and Saturday 'Bargains. "Bargain Friday Sale of %
* $1.50 Books for 98c Groceries— Liquors Seven Sutherland • *
9 Bog. Myrtle and Peat; The Grey Mah; Our Favorite Golden Rule Blend Coffee, Sisters' Preparation *
9 The Raiders, by Crockett; Exp oits of regularly 30c 1b...: 25c . * n */- _-#__*». *
* Brigadier Gerard; The Stark Munro Let- Libby'McNeil's Baked Beans, in tomato TOr me nair. . 9
J ters, by Doyle; The Master Craftsman; A sauce, 2-lb tins— 3 for 25c Genuine Hair Grower; $1.00 size... 65c J
ft Fountain Sealed, by Besant; The Spoils of Emporium Best Baking Powder, your Genuine Hair Grower; 50c size. 32g _j
ft Puynton, by Henry James; A Tragic Idyll, money back if not satisfactory, 1-lb Hair and Scalp Cleaner; 50c sizi...32c 9
ft byßourget. __ U^i^h-Te m^enT^^i^^Ph: Consultation free. Valuable ad- -J
* Big Friday Bargain in EMPORIUM and golden "vice given for the care of the scalp 9
ft Big Fndav Bargain in EMPORIUM and GOLDEN 'RULE j , ■ c ... / > j- 9
9 Um L„ m „ iii^k -BAZAAR, City-Dear Sirs: IVehav: and hair. See the four ladies J
ft necKwear materials. made - a searching chemical analysis of with long and beautiful hair. 9
9 300 yards 19-inch all-silk shirred L : b- an unopened can of Emporium Baking 9
! 9 erty Piissa, used extensively for dress Powder, sent to us by your superin- ■ , 2J
J yokes, neckwear and millinery purposes, i tendent, Mr. A. H. Martin, and find it "2
jftin a choice assortment of the following to be compounded of commercially pure Friday's Great 'Bargains in 5,
Ift colorings: ingredients, as stated on tbe lab.'l. „- _ **- 9
Ift Cardinal, Pink, Cerise, Royal Blue, It is absolutely free from all deleterious rUmitUrG — SVM&ttMff _>
ft Blue, Mais, Brown, Nile. ingredients, and in purity is the equal of _ •_■_■__- _ 9
! * Regularly 50c yard-special to-day only., any baking powder ever analyzed by us. This very convenient Wardrobe Couch
* 33C Yours truly, ~:'- -i- -^-. V<^ ~™ <_. J -> *\ *
I J {Signed) THdfMtAS PT{ICE & SON. (^fj^-'' " "' " " "'" ■ *>•» ♦
9 _ . , A . -, . . AT Roche Sardines per tin 7o \^-- ... — * '-----r>L 9
jft Two Interesting Bargains in \ Hongkong Dry Granulated £^rf~L„ qj'K x>!ti 1
i CrOCkerY Dent. Sugar; 21 lbs for $1.00 *<i££s2 /^}\ vfrt'fw'^ ■ -^4'i\ 9
ft isrocnery _*ep v. Cvrus *^ obl ' e Rye Whi3kVj full quartg> J
! J Fine Carlsbad China regularly $1.25 ..for $1.00 " "" " J
: ft * - ;^^N^r^>^_ ; < Sv^_ x Cream Pitcher, as- A good white wine; for two days only has good springs, is upholstered in a fine
ft Jt-p*a=a»^-»_i^v\ sor, - ec flower dec- gallon 4-3 C quality of strong "wear-like-iron" denim
|ft V v, -- r -> >-"")) orations - • fancy Pabst Malt Extract; regularly $2.65 and ha- been reduced for Friday 0n1y... 9
' * l_ J? .^ ifAJj shape, like illus- dozen for $2.30 ' each $5.00 '9
ft IT - f'^'^^W «^_^ ~ 10 ° rolls of Linen Warp 9
ft fe,wHW 107 A Friday Bargain in Ma " l i i, white with an l ; CZ~T> *
ft V.'. ■ ■>•*_.•,■--■ 7 |;jJ s serted design; a matting [••-.*, *4 '«#
* \>.;.-'a_> i! Charming Pictures i worth 22.^ per K>V.- ,r .>- -_-
ft Ji.""-^-^ fill P , . .-. fr. , ... t yard; on special ;,'- : - '-' *
»r= r - -'vi // \\\ Choice subjects of American La * , Lv_ £- . _j--«_ f • *, : 'i «
•s-Zr __JP f \\\ _* r> »> 1 ««n -i- it- i 1 » • -'ale for tridav >^^**-~^ E;-, • ■:i-.* ■■• ™
ft // i\\ Franca Roses and Cecilia Violets in , _ _..,, *. /**:* s -^,* r^^fc''-.-. '"-'•.'' >*{ 9
ft tration, regularly yV A.W ■ oliograph form; they are without ex- only, per roll of /- f<fA'J? ]f' r fi^sLj 9
ft trition, regularly _/|/_/SSkV_/iL ohograph form; they are without ex- " v ♦
9 15c each — special to- ZjvlwAyS\ ception the most perfect imitations of vT'f-^v --} !^ -ff^'; V H *
I 9 day Qc p.* ! -?Sjcl:s'y\\ genuine oil paintings ever produced, and _-^-*r*'* r ~ %
* Water Bottle, lik»j^4M-A| when nun on the wall can hardly be «s^^^^f^^*^- a^4^-^ ;^''i/ 9
i J picture, a good iml- SsTfflj / /fe^^ fci V¥y distinguished from such, except by an S^^^fe^" -^fe^^^^*>-^ «
ift tation of cut glaB3. U ffij . fc*3 ]fj experienced eye; each subject matte >^*-^__^^^^^- : *-'' :>^^ 9
'ft regularly 50c each — y^J^&,/-ei*^Jf in 4j_-inch gold mat, size 2".x28; special ; y "^
« special to-day.._?7c i *>^Xli>^ I to-day, only 28 140 yards $6.50 -*
fc -A
J >*fAA*A-A*a*fi*6r4ift-ft»i*A&AA**S-A*A^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fc^ Steamers leave Broadway
.E-3_ , S_*_. wharf, San Francisco:
a l_l_t-_2___. For Alaskan port?. 10 a. m.,
1 t_Pv£_%!R_k May *• *-• n - 16 - - l - 26 - 31:
I E3K feifa*^^ June 6; change at Seattle.
1 ESfeflssS *W, a For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i flß^Mj C.). Port Townsend. Seattle,
J f _—\ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
an.l New Whatcom (Wash.),
i „; „ 10 a. m.. May- 1, 6, 11. 16, 21,
i 26, 31; June 6, and every fifth day thereafter;
I change at Seattle to this company's steamers
( for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May 4.
9. 14, ID. 21. 29; June 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. in.. May 4, 8, 12, 16. 30, 24, 28;
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., May 2, 6, 10, 14, IS. 22. 26. 30; June 3." and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa*-. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. in., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an<i h'"irs of sailing. .:_•-..-..
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF * 12 F!rst c - ass Including Berths
I MIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23; May S, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May i.
I*. 2S.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
.-. E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street -wharf at S a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. ■ AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SO5.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Monticello." .
Mon., Tups.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 0:4." a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
-. Limited
Santa ]ff Ho? <*•-*»
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco, via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY^
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following- Thursday; Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M.Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car. . ; v
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 5.8 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— 2llB Broadway. '
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
Son Joeg Office— 7 "West Santa Clara Si
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and -Mo p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. -. 9. 10 and U a. m. end 1:45. 2:3 a
and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 4*.
i THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market it.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
*Ol Til ritll'lU COHP-JII.
(PACIFIC SVStEM.)
Train* lente mid j«i« tine to »rrlT« «.!
NAN ruAMVB(t«:o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
..bate — From Apbil9, 1899. — arrive
*R:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •B:_.">a
7:00 a Henicia, Suisun and Sacramento . . o»43_>
7:OOa MarysTille, Orovilleand Kedding via
Woodland sz4Sr
7:OOa F.lmlra, Vaoarille and Rumsey Bi4sp
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistofja and Santa Rosa 6:1.1p
S.-UOa Atlantic lOxprexs, Ogdeu and Raft.. Bil3p
MiHOa San .lose, LlTermore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placrrviile,
MarysTille. Chico, Uedliluff 4:l."»p
B::iO\ "Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4:13p
0:OOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno IStlSr
•iOOa Fresno, Hakerslield. Santa Harliara.
Los Acgeles, l>eiiiinc. El Paso,
New Orleans and East C:4.*ip
IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7s4r>r
I'':OUM Niles, Live-more, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vu-alla,
PorterTille _.l*p
■liOOp Sacsmmeuto Uirer Steamers "8:00p
4:«H»r Martinez. Kan Itainon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstnga, Santa IJosa OilSa
4:0«p Beuicia, Vacarilie, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTiile, OroTille 10:45 a
4:. top Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7il."ip
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15.
5:00p The Owl. Fresno. Bikerstield. San-
ta Barbara. Los Angeles 9t43a
*£3:00p racitic Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 'S:J5a
IfiSOp Stockton, Meroed, Fresno 12>13p
0:3 Op Martinez, Tracy, Mrmlota, Fresno,
Mnjiive and l.oa Angeles... 8«40a
3>3op Santa I'd Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojito and East 6:45p
fi-OOp European Mail, Ogden and Mast.... 8:43 a
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7i45a
•0:OOi- Vallejo 12:1«»
7iOOi> Oregon Express, Sacramento. Marys.
tifle, Ited.lliiK, I'm Hand, Pnget
Sound and East 7:«» A
tSiOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions 110:50»
tlO:OSp Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso. New Orleans
and Fast. tl:4**>P
KAN LEAKMtO AXI) lIAVWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Melrose, Seminary Park, ( 6 : »*i 4
8:OOa Kltclidiirg, Klmh-irst. .;!»:I">a
<0:OOa San I.eamlrn. Soul li San t*O:43A
lO.ooa Leandro, Kstndiilo, 10:15 a
ill :OOa • Lorenio, ( lierrj ■ «*« : A
<3:« Op .„_! 12:43p
2:"!!' llaynar.ls {«'«'
• J * 00 * ? I Runs through to Niles. *-.£?.
) t From Nlles. (, ---»**
COAST DIVISION (Nniroiv iiaiige).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santo Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations 18:08*
8:13 a Newark.Center-rllle, San Joaa^FelUin,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 5:30*
■SilSp Newark, Centerville, Sao Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations , "10:30*
4:15r San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
t>4:lsp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions / »:28a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIN HUSCISCO— fioI or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:011 a.m. 11:00 '2:00 13:08
-''4:00 15:00 *6:00r.u.
from (UKUXD— root if Bro»dw»T.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 .....
112:00 '1:00 ta:00 '3:30 j 11:00 i **S:OQI'.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (Jniiire).
'" (Third and Townsend Sts.)
•6:10 a South Bau Francisco :. *0?30p
•7:OOa Sail Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l:llOp
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacifis GroTo and
* Principal Way Stations *,S:33p
OiOOa San Jos.., Trea Pinos. Santa. Cruz,
Pacific ("rove, Paso Rubles, Sail
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .......... 4:10p
1(*:4»a San .lose and Way Stations «8:«Oa
11-.3<»a San Jose and Way Stations &:30p
•U:4sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove *IO:30a
•SiSOp San Jose and Way Stations *!J:OOa
•4:15 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:30a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8::t."»A
«:i»Op San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
'11:45p San Jose and Way Stations ?:'t,Qp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~ ~
*Buurt«vs excepted. } Sunday only. ( -Saturdays only.
only. (Saturday and Sunday.
/Sunday and Monday.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD,
"EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest standard-gauge line and fastest
time between principal cities in the United
States and Mexico.
No chance of cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars dally between San
Antonio, Texap, and the City of Mexico and
Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango,
Zacatecas, Annas Callentes, San Luis Potosi,
Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
met at frontier by representative of general
passenger department to attend to Inspection
of hnsrgase. exchange of money, etc.
For further Information call on or address
any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP.
General Freight and Passenger Agent, •
Eagle Pass, Texas.
BAELBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. COb
LiESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30, 9:01., 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35»
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trl**.
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Ext«*a trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. t»| 1:30, 3:30 L
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— -:10, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,:
6:25 p. m. i
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Partt
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
April 16, . -,
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days. I
■ ' *
'7:30 am, 8:00 am: Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an»
2:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pmi 10: ami
6:10 pm ,5:00 pm ! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Wind; 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 an»
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
•- . ■ — -—-__—____—- ______
7:30 ami 10:25 am
18:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
2:30 pmf 6:20 pm
1 ]
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 aia
1 and '
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am j 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
2:30 pm; 6:00 pml I 7:35 pm 6:20 pi_J
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville tor Skaggs
Springs; at Clove'rdale for the Geysers; at Hop«
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyvtlVe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and B&rtlett Springs; at T'klah for Vlchf
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lterley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle.
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavarro, Whltesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
/Westport. ÜBal, Wlllitts. Laytonvllle, Cumi
•filing's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Oeaerai Manager, Gen, Pa_a. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1«99.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00, *8.30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:16, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO. *9:00, "10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45. »2:30. '4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. '6:40, 7:55. 8:40. '10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. '3:40, 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, '9:46. •10:45, ' »U:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, *Z:tO, *6:15. *6:00. 7:00, 10:15
p. m. '"*•'_ _
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:50, 7:53. 8:55, 10:3»
a. hi. 5 12:35. 2:45. 4:63. 6:20 p. m. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday-
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. : 1*:0»,
1:20. 2.40. 3:65. 5:30, 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
6:16 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
2:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- I Mixed. _ . Mixed. i Passen-
ger Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Excpt'd . Exc'ptd [ Dally.
7-20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:33 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11-38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:40 am l:4o pm
2-25 pm 12:30 am Bakertfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
ll : am! 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required. -
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Marked
street. San Francisco. *
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
AN EXPLOSION
THAT MARKS A
NEW DEPARTURE
No Loss of Life at
Pinole.
— * —
MIXING HOUSE WRECKED
— — ♦
WARNED EMPLOYES ELED IN
ALL DIRECTIONS.
♦
A Minute After Their Departure the
Place Where They Had Been
Working Was Annihilated
by Dynamite.
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, May 4.
When Foreman Wunderliek detected the
fumes of something burning in the mix
ing house at the California Powder Works
to-day lie at once gave the order to the
ten Chinese employes to run away. They
did not hesitate a second, but ran like
hares and saved their lives. Before they
had fairly reached a place of safety a
terrific explosion threw some of them to
the ground and the valuable plant and
mixing house was instantly reduced to a
heap of smoking ruins.
A few minutes after 9 o'clock this morn
ing the sound as of thunder coming from
the bay shore north of Oakland pro
claimed another explosion. People are so
familiar with this sound that no one asks
the cause of it, but there is an immediate
rush to -i. -phones to inquire how many
lives have been lost.
This morning's accident was one of the
most wonderful on record, for although
the damage was very great not a single
life was -:. and the total Injury to hu
man beings was a few scratches on a la
borer's head. In this regard the explosion
has made a record.
When J. Wunderllck, the foreman, was |
In the mixing-house his practiced nostrils
detected the odor nt burning wood pulp,
which is used in the manufacture of dyna
mite. He spent but a few seconds trying
to determine the cause of the smoke, and
then yelled to the Chinese to fly as fast )
us their legs could carry them. Wunder
lick says he doesn't remember just what
he said, but he believes that no Apache
whoop could equal the yell he gave warn-
Ing the Chinese to flee. They had gone
several hundred yards when the place, in j
the language of powder works, "went !
up." The name which the foreman had j
seen In the main mixing-room had reached
a tank of explosive material and a second
later many of ;he Hying Chinese were j
knocked off their feet and others were
dodging clouds of living fragments.
Chris Fass, a laborer, was driving a car ;
on the track leading from the mixing- i
house to the entrance to the works. The
concussion was so great that he was
thrown from the car and struck by flying |
splinters, which scratched his head, but (
Inflicted no serious injury.
The wreck is very complete, but the
daman-' will not exceed $6000. A few min
utes Lfter the explosion the employes sub
dued some flames which had spread to ad
joining sheds and then proceeded to clear
away the mass of splintered lumber, |
tanks, broken machinery and maze of j
pipework. There is never any danger In
the ruins of an explosion at the powder!
works, for every one knows that nothing
explosive could possibly be found within
any reasonable distance of a mixing- |
house that has gone up. The building j
was erected a few months ago and was a :
very elaborate plant. It took the place !
of a mixing-house that went up over a •
year ago. The company has a duplicate
dynamite plant. and Superintendent
Bermlngham says that In a few days work
will be (■■int.- "ii as though there had been
no explosion this morning.
UNITARIANS CLOSE
THEIR ANNUAL MEET
HON. HORACE DAVIS IS ELECTED
PRESIDENT.
Women's Unitarian Conference of the
Pacific Coast Will Meet in Oak
land To-Day.
Oakland Office San Francisco < 'all,
908 Broadway, May 4.
The concluding session of the Pacific
Unitarian Conference was held in the
First Unitarian Church this afternoon
and was well attended. Judge Works
presided and the devotional exercises
this morning were led by Rev. W. E.
Copeland. Addresses followed by F. I.
Bamford, Dr. Dorothea Moore, Arthur B.
Ellis and Rev. J. T. Sunderland.
At this afternoon's session Rev G. li
Dodson of Alameda delivered an excep
tionally aide discourse on the subject "To
Lead In the Adjustment of Religious
Thought to the Doctrine of Evolution "
At Its conclusion Rev. Dodson was so
vigorously applauded that he was com
pelled through courtesy to resume the
platform and talk ten minutes longer.
Rev. George T. Weaver next spoke on
"The Making of Christianity Really
Christian. A brief business session fol
lowed, during which Hon. Horace Davis
was elected president for th.- ensuing
year.
To-morrow morning the Women's Uni
tarian Conference of the Pacific Coast
will meet. Miss Elizabeth B. Easton
president, will deliver the address of wel
come, and the speakers of the day will
be Mrs. R. Frank Clark of Alameda
Anna E. Pratt, Mrs. John Rush Dr
Alida C. Avery of San Jose. Rev Sarah
Pratt of Seattle aim Mrs. .1. T. Sunder
land of Oakland.
ST. MARY'S ATHLETICS.
Attempt to Be Made to Break Records
on Saturday.
OAKLAND, May 4.— The athletic asso
ciation of St. Mary's College will hold Its
annual Held day on the college campus
next Saturday afternoon. The officers in
charge of the day are; Oliver A. Welsh
president: Bion B. Huff, vie.- president;
Joseph G. Brady, secretary; Salva P.
Young, treasurer; Carl A. Adam, field
captain.
The following officials will have charge
of the details of th" various events-
Joseph <; Brady, referee; Professor Al
bert Lean, starter; Fay Stoddard, an
nouncer; John P. Plover, marshal; Carl
A. Adam, clerk of course; Edgar J. Re
gan, assistant clerk; Bion li. Huff, scorer;
Frederick W. Corcoran, assistant scorer
judges at finish— F. Mott, D. Collins and
J. Kllllan; field judges— J. Tow. -v. E. Mul
laiy and L. Jackson; timekeepers— X. Mal
lon '98, F. Michel and H. Stark; Inspectors
— W. Chapman, D. Campbell, J. Cassidy
F. Collins, <;. Callaghan and W. Wietz
mann; measurers— H. Qui chard, J. Mutt
and It. Gulchard.
The contests are: 100-yard dash; pole
.vault, handicap; 100-yard maiden race
shot put. handicap; 220-yard hurdle; pole
vault for height, handicap; running high
jump; 140-yard handicap; running broad
jump, handicap; hammer throw; 220-yard;
120-yard hurdle; ball throw; one mile run.'
Seamstress Wants Damages.
OAKLAND, May 4.— Anne Jepson filed
suit In the Superior Court this afternoon
against the Oakland Transit Company for
the recovery of $5000 damages. She Al
leges that she was violently thrown from
an electric car at Fourth and Prospect
avenues, on November 14 last, through
the carelessness of the motorman in
starting the car before she had properly
boarded, sustaining injuries that nave
disabled her from earning a livelihood at
sewing and housework.
NO MORE JOSHES IN
THE BLUE AND GOLD
BERKELEY, .May Prompted by
the tone of the last Blue and
Gold, recently Issued by the ju
nior class of the University of
California, the members of the faculty
have decided that henceforth no
more lampooning and caricaturing of
professors and students will be al
lowed in the college annual. In addi
tion to this they have followed up
their action of a week ago in dismiss
ing from college the editor-in-chief,
Stuart A. Masters by meting out the
same discipline to the manager.
George Brehm. A notice was posted
on the bulletin board to-day by order
of the Academic Council dismissing
Brehm from the university.
Brehm undertook the work of get
ting out the Blue and Gold in con
junction with Masters shortly after
the beginning of last term. The two
have worked indefatigably'nt the pub
lication for several months past, striv
ing to outdo all their predecessors both
it: the extent of the book and in the
originality of its "joshes." They
succeeded in getting out the largest
annual which has ever been issued
at liege, but, according to the views
of the faculty, their originality went
a little too far and so the professors
have concluded once and for all that no college editor is to indulge any
more in indiscriminate Joshing.
The notice announcing the action of the Academic Council with regard to
Brehm was prepared by a committee consisting of Professors George H.
Howison, E. W. Eiilgard and W. '■:. Bitter. it reads In part as follows:
The university cannot allow itself to lie discredited by. any unseemly publico.!
purporting to represent the university life and spirit. - /
The recent Issue of "The Blue and Gold" is unseemly; in its Insults to fellow
students, especially to the young women; in its personal attacks on the university au
thorities, Including the president of the board of regents; in the low and coarse char
acter of certain pictures, jests and Innuendoes.
The president ami the committee think it reasonable, and rule:
That no student publication can l.- tolerated which tends to discredit the univer
sity In the community at large and in the sisterhood of reputable universities. Of
this tendency the council is to be the judge.
That the so-called "josh" element, used for ridicule, slur or personal attack
tending to bring its objects Into contempt or disrespect, must in the future be omit
ted from all student publications.
That nothing 'an be permitted which verges on coarseness or Indecency.
That Manager Brehm. who admits ins equal responsibility with the chief editor
for the objectionable features of the present Issue of "The Blue and Gold," be, and
hereby if, dismissed from the university.
That all the staff of "The Blue and Gold," both editorial and Managing, be, and
hereby arc, publicly reprimanded for culpable negligence In committing themselves
blindly to such leadership.
For the Academic Council: MARTIN KELLOGG, President.
The announcement was not posted until very late this afternoon, and as
the students are In the midst of final examinations for the year, some of
them having already left the college town, it is doubtful as to how the ruling
of the faculty will be received. The petition recently presented in behalf of
Masters, In which over 1000 students asked to have him reinstated, may serve
as an Index to the opinion of the undergraduates in the matter. It is more
than likely that 'hey will be as unanimous in asking to have Brehm reinstat
ed. The Impression prevails that both Brehm and Masters have met more
than their just deserts, for while it is generally admitted that both were
indiscreet, the whole undergraduate body takes exception to the severity of
the faculty's discipline.
NEW CONTRACT FOR
WORK ON LAP MERRITT
BOARD OF WORKS NEEDS NO
FURTHER AUTHORITY.
None of the Money Raised for Im
provements Can Be Legally
Used for Any Other
Purpose.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway. May I.
Within a few days a new contract will
be let for carrying on tin- Improvements
In and around Lake Merritt. The Board
of Works holds that it has no need of any i
further advice from the City Council, as j
the ordinance authorizing the work is -:i
effect and the courts having annulled th" j
contract therefore no contract has been
let and the board must proceed with all
possible diligence.
In view of the fact that the contractors i
through n<> fault of their own are in .1
position yvhere they are likely to lose a :
large sum of money there Is a general i
desire to award the new contract to tin m j
if possible. Of course it must be awarded i
under the law to the lowest bidder, but '
I'cterson and Johnson, the contractors, |
hay* already built their dredger and have
all the lumber on the scene and have done j
considerable work. Of course the i>r .- I
posals will be for all th.- work to be d' ne,
and it is argued that it will be Impossible I
for any other contractor unless he be
willfully anxious to lose money, to come j
in at this stage and bid as advantages I
as the contractor- who have already 1
made such a good start.
When asked about the matter to-day
Mayor Snow said that he does not believe j
any one wants to see contractors suffer
because of a technical error in their con
tract. "So far as 1 can learn." said Mr.
Snow, "there is no complaint whatever
regarding the manner in which the work
has been done, and the city should pay
for it. There may have to be some relax
ation of strict law in the matter, but
there i.^ also such a thing as equity, and
good work having been performed. I
would be very sorry to Bee the contractors
required to lose many thousands of dol
lars."
Townsend Is Discharged.
OAKLAND. May <.— Con H. Townsend.
who was charged with the murder of
John McCann, was dismissed from cus
tody to-night in the Police Court, after
the preliminary examination. The court
held that there was not sufficient evidence
•'■ warrant trying the prisoner in the Su
perior Court.
TURN VEREIN'S
ANNUAL OUTING
V *->. N Sunday next the members of the San Francisco Turn Verein will pic
e. I I nic at Mirabel Park, which is situated amid the wooded hills of So
*~ 1 I noma County. As it is the annual outing of the society every effort
* \_J is being put forth to make it surpass previous affair*- of Its kind. A
•■> large number of tickets have already been disposed of and the committee
♦ of arrangements is satisfied that a large crowd will attend the picnic. The
*£ arrangements for the outing have been left to the younger members, who are
represented on
the committer:
by Louis Rapr
and W. E. Hinz,
The latter have
secured a fine
band and have
arranged an in
teresting pro
gramme and a
good time is
promised those
who attend.
There Is nc
doubt that the
picnic will be a
success, as the
San Franclscr
Verein is noted
for its entertain
ments and out
ings. It is con
sidered one ol
the foremost or
ganizations ol
its kind on the
m coast. Its member. have succeeded in carrying off the honors at the yearly
S3 tournaments, which are participated In by representatives of other Vereins
,♦ in this State, and it is famed for turning out good gymnasts. It started with
•P thirty members in 1832, and now has nearly 400 members. There are also
rl nearly the same number of boys and girls, ranging from 6 to 18 years, who
V are building up their muscles and receiving an education. A ladies' class
2? and also a choral society, composed of the daughters of the members, are
♦ features of the organization. There are numerous other branches, and
«£ representatives of all of them will undoubtedly attend the annual outing of
4 their society. The tickets are $1 and entitle the holder to a round trip and
*2 admission to the park. The boat will leave Tiburon ferry at 9 o'clock sharp
♦ Sunday morning and the return trip is scheduled for 5:30 p. m.
•*
•♦SB+SB+SB+BB+BB-* 88 ♦ 88 *♦* 88 **•> 88*» -->88+88 -*>*88«-88*o88-*-88*-*-83*»- 88 *♦- 88 ♦ 88 -•* BS+-B+.B'
Louis Rapp.
THE SAjS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
i EORGE O. BREHM.
DR. ANDERSON OBEYS
THE SIGNATURE LAW
WRITES THAT HE IS NOT THE
CHARMER OF MRS. BOSCOW. " I
Says Boscow Is an Ingrate Who Had
His Benefactor Thrown Into
a Dungeon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, May i.
Dr. 11. IV. Anderson has Issued a state
ment over his signature, In which he se-
riously arraigns W. A. Boscow. the man
who Anderson claims secured the doctor's
arrest for illegally practicing. The story
told by the doctor is interesting and ex
ceedingly romantic.
Boscow has a charming wife, but at
present their relations are somewhat
strained. Mrs. Boscow Is inclined to de
fend Dr. Anderson.
Dr. Anderson, who will soon be tried
under the ordinance prohibiting doctors
from practicing without a license, de
clares that Boscow believes him guilty
of many Imaginary wrongs, and has
vented his spite by having him cast into
prison.
"After 1 had done my utmost to pro
mote his health and happiness, never re
fusing to go to his assistance* and work
ing with nim during his sickness many
dreary nights, for which I never charged
him one cent, this Christian man re
turns my kindness by having mi- thrown
into a dungeon, by bringing sorrow and
desolation to the heart .-.- my invalid wife
by accusing me of bavin- broken- up ins
home, when my wife and I have fre
quently advised his wife to remain with
her husband, if for no other reason than
for the sake of her little children," is a
portion of Dr. Anderson's defense.
W. A. Bobcow declares that Anderson
hypnotized his wife while they were liv
ing in the same house and Induced her
to leave him. Mrs. Boscow denies this
and proclaims that her husband's action
in causing Anderson's arrest is ror the
purpose of trying to connect ids name
with the divorce proceedings and to sub
ject htm to shame and dishonor.
Anderson protests that he is able to
clear himself of th.- charge and promises
to pursue Boscow to the bitter end.
Estate of Mary A. Dunlea.
OAKLAND, May 4.-Thomas McCarthy
to-day filed for nrobate the will of the
late Mary Agnes Dunlea. who died in San
Francisco April 26 of this year. The in
strument is dated February 8, ISD7. and
bequeaths to testatrix's uncle, Thomas
Dunlea, residing In Connecticut, Id) acres
if land near Altamont. Should he be dead
W. E. Hinz.
or not found within three years after tes
tatrix's death this land is to go to her
aunt, Margaret Hennessey of Queensland,
Australia, and in the event of the latter's
death, or should she not «-c found within
the next six years the property is left to
testatrix's cousin, Michael O'Brien of
Australia. Money on deposit in the Hi
bernia Bank. San Francisco, and Bank of
Livermore is bequeathed to Catherine Do
lan, except $500 to Patrick Powers, and $75
to the Sisters of Dominic of San Leandro.
Daniel McCarthy petitions for letters of
administration.
KILLED WHILE ON DUTY.
Watchman Collins Found Dead Un-
der a Railroad Car.
OAKLAND, May 4.— John Collins, an
aged watchman at the railroad yards, was
found dead under a car at daylight this
morning. A train had passed over his
chest during the night while the watch
man was crossing the track for the pur
pose of attending to one of the watch
men's clocks. Collins had been in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific through a
generation, and when increasing age
brought with it Infirmity he was given the
position of night watchman. His duties
required him to wind up certain watch
men's clocks at different points in the
yard for the purpose of showing that he
had made his rounds at the proper time.
To reach these clocks it was necessary
sometimes to walk around a long string
of cars or else climb over them or dodge
under the drawheads. It is supposed that
he was doing this when he was run over,
having probably mistaken some cars at
tached to a locomotive for some that were
sidetracked.
The deceased was missed, and near 9
track was seen a lighted lantern. An in
vestigation showed that it belonged to
Collins, and its (had owner was found a
minute later. Collins leaves a widow and
six children.
An Eminent Lawyer's Will.
i OAKLAND, May 4.— "1 leave everything
ito my dear wife. She will take care of
i the children. I make her executrix of my
: will Without bonds:
(Signed) "EDWARD J. PRINGLI-.
"March 9, 1884."
In the foregoing simplicity the late Su-
I preme Court Commisioner and a most
: eminent attorney has disposed of his es
tate. The holographic will was filed lor
probate late this afternoon by the widow,
Caroline J. Prlngle, who gives the value
Of the estate as exceeding $10,000. and asks
for letters of administration. The estate
consists of valuable real estate hi Contra
Costa and Alameda counties. Edward J.
I Prlngle died in this city April 21, and'sur
; viving him are the widow and six chil
; dren.
I.♦ . ,
Golden Carnival Opening j
OAKLAND, May The Golden Carni
val of the Native Sons and Daughters will .
open at the Tabernacle on Saturday even- ■
Ing. The following programme has been
prepared:
Address of* welcome. Mayor Snow; presenta
tion of the key of the city of Oakland by
Columbia on behalf of the Mayor to the Na
tive Sons and Native Daughters; accepted by
J. E. McElroy and Miss Emma Wells; ad
dress, by Frank Mattlson, grand president of
the N. S. G. W.; address, by Mrs. Lena Mills,
grand president of the N. D. G. W.; address,
by James 1 1. Phelan, Mayor of San Francisco;
remarks, by Hon. William R. Davis of Oak
land; Oakland Parlor No. 50, Hon. George C
Pardee; May pole dance, under the direction
of Miss Pearl Hickman.
:■♦ ■ I
Board of Health Out of Business.
ALAMEDA. May A.— Alameda Is with
out a Board of Health. The offices of the
old members were declared vacant by the
City Trustees a week ago, and the doc
tors composing the board were immedi
ately reappointed. Three of them— Dr. G.
P. Reynolds, Dr. C. George Bull and 'Dr.
1.. VV. Stidham- resigned last night, leav
ing the board with but two members,
which is not a sufficient number to do
business. The City Trustees failed to
fill the vacancies, consequently the
Health Department of the city has vir
tually gone out of business for the time
being. The employes have no one to di
rect their movements and nobody author
ized to draw their salary warrants.
Death of A. V. Henko.
ALAMEDA, May 4.— A. V. Henko died
this afternoon at his home, ..'ill Clinton
avenue. He had been ailing for a long
time from an affection of the brain, which
produced paralysis. About two months
ago he was taken to the German Hospital
to undergo a surgical operation, but the
physicians stated his case was hopeless
and that in- would die within a month.
Later he was treated at Fabiola Hospital,
Oakland, and returned home a few weeks
ago apparently somewhat Improved in
health. Deceased was a native of Rus
sia, aged 39 years. He leaves a widow
and three children. His remains will bt.
cremated.
Alameda County News Brevities.
OAKLAND. May The thiro trial of
James F. O'Brien Jr., on a charge of
criminal assault upon Nina B. Lopez of
Livermore was commenced In Judge Ells
worth's court this afternoon.
Th.- infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Irvine of 7110 Webster street was treated
nt the Receiving Hospital to-day for car
bolic acid poisoning. The child had eaten
some carbolic salve, but not sufficient to
cause death.
An appraisement of the estate of the
late Asher Frank was tiled to-day show
ing property Incited on Post street. 137%
feet easterly from Mason. San r'rancisco7
valued at $24,000.
Dennis Welch to-day petitioned for let
j ters of administration on the estate of his
wife, Maggie Welch, who died April 18
from paralysis produced by a shock sus
tain! as an eye-witness to the Yon
I Schmidt double tragedy on April 9. The
] estate valued at $300.
The litigation commenced six years ago
between Ira Bishop, receiver of the Pied
mont Railroad, and Robert McKillican.
acting as Sheriff, has been settled m favor
of McKillican by the Supreme Court.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
I S J Canteman & w, «'.ii V li Maddocka & w,
I! P Tabor, Auburn Seattle
i I-: M Best, Buffalo T .) Davis, L Gates
A L Mueller, S Jose J A Travis & w, DC
S M Land-erg, Cal G T; Reder & w, Sacto
.1 D McGilvry, P Alto .1 II Lynn, Holllster
C I Clark, Napa C Bray Victoria
I-- li Green. s Rafael C M Hawes, Napa
C F Weber, Oakland .Mrs C M Haw.--. Napa
M Henry, Hay wards 11 <• Turner, Modes) .
A Clark. Stockton I-- Cutting, Stockton
0 S Andres, Cal L A Mcintosh, Cal
G C McMullen, Sacto A Meyer, Modesto
W L Hood, .-Hi it M Drake, Cal
a M Stewart & w, Cal W T Brush, Cal
i Miss Simpson, «'al M H Flint. L Ang
, T L White & w. lowa ill B Hall. L Ang
IT It Strong, Yreka I A Andrews, L Ang
D it Hubbard, lowa D P Durst. Wheatland
W L Brown, Sacto E I. McKellip, Nev
M .1 Strelnlng & w. Cal li B Schweitzer, Kan
c P Thompson, N J 111 Brown, X" V
: a Barrel "i f, Cal A .1 Hudson, Fresno
N s Prugh. Pa A Griffin, Fresno
A Harrett, Pa X Jacobs. Berkeley
W E Edwards & w, Cal G Frost, Riverside
T P Melville, Cal S C Evans, Riverside
S N* Laughltn. Cal Mrs T Davis. Tucson
O Hauck, Hellbton Mrs C H Castle, <*al
D L Deal *w, S Jose l. Thome, L Ana:
F E Whipple, Shasta Mrs M May, S Jose
Mrs M Thorp, Sacto O Crossfleld, Stockton
J Craig & w. Cal ..'--V _;.V
PALACE HOTEL.
J Gatchel, NY IN Duffy, Pa
ii r Jenkins, Stanford Mrs J X Duffy, Pa I
I* M Porter, L Ang Mr. E II Dully, Pa
J Pownlng, Belvedere Jessie Ballard, Stanfd
A ii Allen. Oakland Ada Hlenmann. Stanfd
Mrs Allen, Oakland A W Burnett. Mass
C ii Abbott. Oakland .1 XV Sever. Mass
E .1 Crane. Cal iC W Sever. Mass
Mrs E J Crane, <*al |W Barker. X V
S II Piles, Seattle Mrs W Barker, X V
1 1 w Campbell. Portld Miss Barker, X V
J D Farwell, Seattle I- A Dunham. Denver
M s Tweedle, x V G B Beekmans. x V
S I'llman. x V it W Lee, L Auk
X R Thayer. Mass B W King. X V
Mrs Thaver, Mass Mrs i: W King, X V
F M Colburn. Boston Mrs E M Neff, X V
A F Stoeger, Si Lou M L Osier, L Ang
i- D Van Duzen, Nev !| " Lufkln. Ohio
Mrs Van Duzen, Nev J F. Eckbert. Pa
i; A March, London J !■' Moore, x V
Mrs Hofmann, S Louis T R Hayes, Mich
A H Butler. S Diego J E Paine, Cal
<* II Rice. Ohio G A Robinson, Ala
L T Appold, Unit. i Mrs G A Robinson. Ala
Mrs Chlsholm, Canada, A R Wilson, Chicago
R W Chlsholm. X V Mrs Wilson, Chicago
G H Chisholm, X V '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
_)r J Graham. Fresno Miss Goldrlck, L Ang
I L Hendricks. Or II L Cheedle, Nebr
~* Cunningham, Stoktn E M Cheedle, Nebr
3 Farmer. Petaluma D P Anderllni. Sacto
A J Leverone, Fresno S Slligo, Stockton
B Lutgow, S Jose B Yetz, Jackson
T C Hew ton. L Ang |.I Slligo, Oakdale
T L White & w, lowa IT W. Jiles. Stockton
J Parr & f, Chicago |W Mesher & f. Cal
L R McMurray, NY' 'Mrs M Williams. Cal
A McMurray & f, N V-
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 4.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, 48% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 40% hours.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ROCK PORT— Sailed May 4-Stmr Scotia, for
Si. I* rami. Co.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 4— Bark Caron
delet, for San Francisco.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. -X a
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- Trip*
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS I 111
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. < _>
Annual election of officers. All fraters
are cordially Invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM X. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection m _V
No. Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY) g_
EVENING, May 5, at 8 oclock. /_«
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. **__£&»
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- t_ ymjr _-
ian Club THIS EVENING at S3. ImJjJ
o'clock at Scottish Hall. 117 Lar- **OL__s
kin st. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief. **«__*•
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams, In the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills, Butte County, to
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek; from John
McCollum, in the Santa Rosa placer mine, in
Mohawk Valley, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings in Sulphur Creek, and from the
Plumas Development Company, in the Yankee
Hill mine, near La Porte, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings In St. Louis Ravine, gives
notice that a. meeting will be held at room
59, Flood building, San Francisco, CaL, on
May 15, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 9th day
of May, 1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of eeleting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 28, 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY' that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of .Tune, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 227 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars (12,500,000 00), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
' of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of -the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Fecretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Bin iMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION .
CO.. '*" ?.Tnntt?''»Trerv ct mom* 9-10: tel 5520.
EMPLOYMENT OFHCES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese: best help. 126 Powell St., near Sutter;
telephone Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20 j
years: tel. Main :-C Bradley &■ Co.. 610 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A REFINED young woman wishes position to
take charge of child over 3 years; good ref- |
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A YOUNG lady who has had some experience
in caring for sick, would like position as
1 companion to invalid lady: no objection to
trawl. MISS Cl LLEN, 325 Suiter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to take
can of l baby; good references; country or
city. Call at Miss CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter ->t.
NEAT German girl desires situation; cooking i
and .-work, 4 years last place; small |
j family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
j AMERICAN superior first-class cook,, best of
references, desires situation. See J. F. ' 'It' I-
SETT & CO., 310 Sutter si.
BY competent middle-aged woman, situation as
cook or housekeeper in the country. Call
or address N. C, 817 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist in light
i housework in a . respectable family. Apply i
at 946 Harrison st.
SWEDISH girl wishes place to do general
housework: wages $20 to $25. Call or address
175 Lexington aye. !
; WOMAN wishes work by the day, 75c pel day;
I city references. Address box 707, call office. '
' WOMAN wishes situation as good cook and
housework; no objection to country- 1015 clay.
SWEDISH trirl wishes to do light housework,
and cookine. Call at 1107 Folsom St.. flat C.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; Is a good cook: wages $25.
Please call at 3996 Army St., near Sanchez.
■ LAD- elocutionist desires situation as com-
panion; will assist with light housework If
necessary. Address E. H., box 556, Call office.
COMPETENT nurse will take entire char) of
baby; reference; city or country. 106 Hayes.
GERMAN girl wants situation for- general
housework and ccoktng. Apply at 823 York.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation; good
cook; city or (country town. 207 Minna st.
RELIABLE, middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion: is a good cook: will do light housework;
city or short distance in country; wages mod-
erate. 55 Converse st., eft Bryant, between
Eighth and Ninth,
■ NEaT young girl wants place; good cook: best
reference: will do general housework. Call
1007 Nat ma st., near Eleventh and Howard.
WANTED laundress and as general
houseworker In small family; city or coun-
try; reference. Apply for 2 days 747 Howard.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400. Examiner bldg.
LADY would like to go East as nurse or com-
panion for fare. Box 117, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: ICO rooms: 25c to $1 50 night $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
j and baggage to and from ferry.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper, tor mailing. $1 per year. -
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emp'oymt office: help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
BARTENDER, young man, stranger, age 23,
wants situation; 5 years with one house in
New York. Address J. O'CONNOR, 109 Mont-
gomery st.
SITUATION wanted by trustworthy, temperate
man to take care of horses, cow, garden,
lawns; very handy; good references; city or
country. Box 426. Call office.
TWO men and woman, experienced cooks and
waiter, desire charge of mining, milling,
logging or railroad camp. .1. J. DWJjER, 225
Fourth st . room 10.
YOUNG man capable of taking care horses,
cow, garden; good driver: handy with tools;
good references. Address box 731, Call office.
OKCHARDIST. thoroughly experienced in all
orchard work.' wishes situation as working |
fireman. Address box 729, Call office.
SITUATION as coachman by an Englishman:
good address, good hands and thorough ser-
vant. Box 145, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position In family; under-
stands waiting at table; city or country. Box \
733. Call office.
RELIABLE elderly German wants a place in
city or country saloon or hotel as barkeeper;
go..d home and small wages will be satis-
factory. Box 802, Call office.
YOUNG Swede wishes a place In a private fam-
ily to attend to a garden; willing' to work, be-
ing over 7 years In last place; has reference.
Box 801, Call office.
SHORT order cook wants a place; ferry boat,
bakery or coffee house, or oyster opener In
oyster house. HENRY. 514 Central aye.
BARBER Young man, first-class workman,
wants position; city or country. Address
box 701, Call office.
YOUNG man who fought with Dewey like any
kind of situation. Box 702. Call office.
FRENCHMAN, with the best recommenda-
lions, wishes small situation In a private
' family. Apply to BERNARD S. DEGBR, 814
Sutter st.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendation:!; JlOfiO
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office.
YOUNG married man, sober, honest and
strong, wants work of any kind; understands
horses; is a German. Address Box 136, Call
office.
YOUNG Scandinavian wants work as Indoor
servant with private family; city references
Address TOM, 519 Bush st.
BARBER, young man, first-class workman, de-
sires position in country. Address 11., Call
Branch Office. 357 Hayes st.
JAPANESE young man wants position as of-
fice boy in lawyer's office. Box 800, Call office.
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy
desires position as collector for responsible
firm; references given and bonds furnished.
I Box 131, Call.
HELP -WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
WE WANT TO-DAY
10 waitresses for country hotels. $20 and $2;-;
3 waitresses, city, $20; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20: 2 chambermaids, country, $15 and
$18; waitress and chambermaid to wait for
extra, $1 a day and free fare both ways;
cook, small country hotel, $25; laundress. In-
stitution. $20; plain laundress, country* hotel,
$20; fancy Ironer, $1 25 a day and board. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
SHAMPOOER for springs, $40; call early. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook and housegirl, country, short ways,
$25, fare paid; cook and laundress. Belvedere,
$25; housegirl, small family, $20: 5 German
and 6 Swedish houseglrls. $20, #2.", and $30;
young competent houseglrls, $15 to $2.".. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MARY LARSEN. waitress— Please call to-day;
important. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WOMAN to work by the day, $150. Apply
early, MISS CUIiLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN ranch cook, $25 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, Alameda. $20,
private boarding house; seamstress, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. :'>.■'•;:■■■■
NEAT girl, light second work and nurse, $12.
MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
SECOND girl: country; $15 per month. Miss
CULLEN 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook for private boarding house.
20 boarders, $30, for country; Protestant wo
man for Fresno, housework, $20, see lady
here this morning, no objection to one child;
2 waitresses, country hotel. $2": night cook,
country restaurant. $40; young girl, cook-
ing, Menlo Park, $20. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., it; Sutter st.
WANTED— Neat waitress, restaurant, no Sun-
day work, $6 a week; Protestant second girl,
$20; Protestant nurse, $20: French muse. $25;
German nurse. $25: 16 young women for house-
work In American and German families, $20
and J'..'.; waitress, private boarding house, $20;
cook for short orders, city cafe. $7 a week.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
TWO second girls. $20 each; 3 cooks, $25 each:
6 houseglrls, $25 and $20; 8 young girls to
assist. $10 to $15: chambermaid and waitress,
$15: laundress. Institution, $20: middle-aged
woman, country, $20; young girl or woman
to wash dishes, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
TWO first-class cooks for city, wage's $25: 2
voting girls for Berkeley: -J. good ranch cooks:
"also a number of young girls to assist; 2
waitresses for resort. MISS DILLON, 315
Sutter st.; phone Main 804.
25 YOUNG girls for housework; waitresses for
hotels; waitresses for restaurants; young girl
to take care of baby; young girls to assist.
MISS. DILLON, 313 Sutter; phone Main 804.
COMPETENT chambermaid: experienced in
waiting at table: sleep home. Hotel Mira-
mar. 7".; Geary st.
OPERATORS on shirts and pants; inexperi-
enced hands taught. 410... Mission si., top
floor
EXPERIENCE! apprentice girl on custom
coats. Room 115, Phelan building
GIRL to do light housework; sleep home; wages
$10. .108 Fulton st.
NEAT competent cook and general housework;
small family; no washing. 2627 California st.
RELIABLE person wanted to take care of
children; afternoon. 2327 Bush st.
WANTED— Young girl to wait at table. Ap-
ply 519 Post st.
YOUNG woman to learn massage treatment;
must travel. DR. CONRAD, 242 I'ost st.
WANTED— Ladles' tailor. 1126 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. 1575 Turk st.
GIRL to assist in housework. Apply 827 Golden
Gr.'e aye. .
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable, moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
WANTED— girl to assist with house- j
work and help mind children; small wages; '
good home. MRS. FARWELL, 4 Fella place
YOUNG lady stenographer on Smith machine;
must be a good penman and understand office
work. Box 898, Call office.
: GIRL to assist In housework and children.
220' i Waller st.
YOUNG girl of 14 to 16 to assist in house-
work, good home. $6. Box 960, Call office.
WANTED— An operator on vests. Apply S. N. -
WOOD & CO, 718 Market st.
YOUNG girl for downstairs work and cook-
ing. 1207 Gougl st.
I OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
1 CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th.
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
" "^ *~ J ***~^r~~~~??~~~**~~~_; j
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY A; HEADY Phone Main 5848
Heading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT To-DAY I
! Elevator boy, city ]
. boy to drive bakery wagon. $6 and found;
old man to care for horse and wagon, bakery, i
.-v and found. MURRAY & HEADY, 634-636 :
Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
12 laborers, exceptionally good food, $30 and
found: 6 laborers, board yourselves homes, ;
$1 75 day; 15 laborers, 10 hours daily, steady
job. $26 and found; 3 sand 2-horse teamsters,
straight haul. $26 and found MURRAY _
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
777.... STABLEMEN AND HOSTLERS
9 men for different stables, $35, $30 and $25
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. I
..7777. AMONG THE FRUITS I
12 men or strong boys to thin and pick
fruit, also to help dry same. $20 and found:
10 men or- strong boys to work for 7 months
in an orchard, pick and thin fruit j
$20 and found
15 general orchard hands $20 and found
15 vineyard hands, different lobs, $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
ENGINEERS CARPENTERS :
Engineer for a ranch No. 1 place
carpenter for an orchard, steady. .good place
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TO THE GREAT DAIRIES 7777
14 milkers, for different places in California
$30, $25 and $22 50 and found
2 boys to milk a few cows $15 and found
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
CHOREMEN AND 80Y577.
12 men and boys for different places in Cali-
fornia, ranches, orchards, vineyards, private
places, etc, $20, $15, $10 and $8 and found;
man to run a chicken incubator, $15 ana
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
..ON HAY. GRAIN, VEGETABLE FARMS..
42 farmhands on above ranches, different
places. $26, $25 and $20 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN, SINGLE MAN 7
For a large sheep ranch, *,- boss here $35
and found. MURRAY & READY, 631-630
Clay st.
MAN and wife without children for an Orange
orchard, sec boss here to-day, $.50; man and
wife, ranch. Santa Clara County
MURRAY' & HEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHEELWRIGT HARNESS MAKER
Wheelwright, small, good country shop _(•> 50
day; harness maker for a large ranch $30
and found. MURRAY & HEADY. 634-636
Clay st.
PAINTERS, HORESHt »ERS.. BLACKSMITHS
7 blacksmiths, etc., $60 and $45 and found,
$2 25 day; 2 blacksmiths' helpers, $32 50 and
found and $7 a week; 3 ranch blacksmiths
plain work; 2 house painters, city Jobs
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
3 GOLD miners $2 50 day
10 coal miners .-,,, ( . and 70c car
2 setters. Stern Block Sawmill Company,
2 iA slate splitters. $2 50 day; 3 blockraakers,
$2 aO day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
woodchoppers.'. .7777.77.7777 tiemakers
186 woodchoppers, $2, $150, $1 and 70c cord;
97 tiemakers, 8c 9c, 10c. lie and 12c each.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
PORTER, country h0te1. ... baker, country
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
•••• TO THE GREAT RAILROADS...
50 two-horse teamsters $1 70 day
75 four-horse teamsters $185 day
_.'.'. laborers $2 day
hi laborers for tunnel 20c to 25c hour
MURRAY & HEADY. 034-030 Clay st.
C00K5...... WAITERS DISHWASHERS
11 cooks, different Jobs, $60, $40. $30 and $25
and found; 6 waiters, different jobs. $20 and
$25 and found; 5 dishwashers, different jobs,
$20 and $15 and found. MURRAY" & READY.
ti34-62i; Clay st. . ;- V:
WANTED— 2 house painters. $3 day; wood-
turner, and general machine man, $3 day,
' steady Job, call early; machinist for mine
$2 50 day; 6 blacksmiths, from $40 and board
to $60 month; 7 milkers, $25, $20 and $50; car-
man for mine, $30; milker and wife, $41; la-
borers for mone, $26; la teamsters, $1 75 day; 5
laborers. $1 75 day; Woodchoppers, 75c to $1 35
cord; butter and cheese maker for Oregon $35
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED — American foreman who understands
orchards and keeping plain accounts. J p
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. ' '
WANTED— French or Italian restaurant cook
$60; 2 restaurant cooks for country. $20 $33
and $10 and found: waiters, dishwashers' and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— milkers for Northern Califor-
nia, $25. steady job, see boss here; 2 block set-
ters for mill. $52 and board. J. F. CROSETT
' & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
MAN to milk cows: country; $20 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— Contlnne*.
A . .'.'.' '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. '206' men' wanted "
Teamsters, 4 horses, coast road •■•_,__
Teamsters, 2 horses, coast road **- _.-.*
Laborers, coast road y." '"._'-'-■ 1 '•'
All for the coast railroad and free fare,
ship dally; office fee for above job $1; tree
fare. ?-_ _ " : ,
WORK FOR ALL ■•••
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2-HORSE teamsters. Valley road, $25 and
board; 6 scraper holders, $2 a day; team-
sters for the mountain railroad. $1 ■■*«*■ aay.
6 quarry laborers, $2 a day; 6 tunnel labor-
ers. 20c to 25c an hour. .„»„.
Machinist. $2 50 a day. steady, country.
Blacksmith. $2 a day and found; one $1 50
a day and found: both see boss here early,
blacksmith, ranch, $35 ami found; carriage
trimmer. , , ._,__
6 farmers. $1 a day. fare 50c; 4 farmers, $20.
5 milkers, $25; choreman, ranch, $2a ana rare
advanced; choreman, $20.
15 tlemakers 13c for 7xBxB; see boss here.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS ......
Fry cook. $40; camp waiter. $20; camp dish-
washer, $20; dishwasher, springs. $18; 3 wait-
ers, country hotel, (25; - waiters, mining
camp, $25. •_,_._, ,
Polisher and statelier. $35 and found; marker
and distributor, country, $30 and found, and
others. C. R. HANSEN & <'<>.. 104 Geary St.
HEAD cook, summer resort, $60. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., p.i Geary st. .
WANTED -2 milkers near city, free fare, $25;
2 timber fellers for good place, $40 and
board; also 2 second fellers, $30; -••*.*.•,
farmers $20 and $26
milkers *<■•}
waiter for Nevada " 40
plain ranch blacksmith, $30 and board: cooks,
dishwashers and others. W. D. EWER &■
CO., 610 Clay st. ■_.
BOY who has worked at carriage painting.
Apply at 3011 Miss.on st.
WANTED dishwasher at 314 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker and genera]
tailor for the country. Apply 7 Montgomery.
WANTED — First-class hardware salesman;
state age and experience. Box 146. Call office.
ADVERTISING solicitor wanted. Apply
Wasp. 513 Market St.
WANTED Tailor at ROOS BROS., 25 to 37
Kearny st.
BOY' wanted with some knowledge of shoe
business. 442 Devisadero st.
GOOD man with outside trade; liquor store;
high wages. 23.5 Third st.
BARBER wanted. 39% Turk st.
WANTED Bushelman. 392 Geary* st.
SHOEMAKER for repairing; must have tools;
references. 753 Market St.
BRIGHT young men; canvassers; salary and
commission; 8-9 a. m., 4-6 p. m. R. RALPH,
511 Montgomery st.
HOY wanted at Navarro's restaurant. 726
Broadway; must speak Spanish.
WANTED -20 men to occupy rooms: 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Shirt backers at Sun Laundry,
Nineteenth and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED— Locksmith or tool maker. 1706
Dwight way, Berkeley.
1 MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell & Buckman, between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co.; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
$1. Oakdale to Sonora, will be refunded If
men work one month. Apply at room 4, 303
Montgomery st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United "States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally aeclared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, soma
; nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 502 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Sober man to clean up bakery and
carry out small orders; wages, $15 and board;
no ret m. 11l Larkln st.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single,
10c. 15c night; 60c, 90c week: reading room.
_____
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; our
catalogue explains how we teach the barber
trade in eight weeks; write to-day. Moler's
Barber College. 635 Clay Ft.
150 MEN for cleanest houses In city: "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch
House," *61; 15c to 50c night; all daily papers
In reading room.
WANTED— 2O teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
I m't. H. Bernard. /sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
150 MEN to take best single room. 15c night: $1
week: "France House." 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664'_ Howard St.: reading room.
WANTED— for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
: WANTED— and mechanics to know
that' Rolkin. Reno House iroprieter, still '
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. -5c night: reading room: frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Xc Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $.1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
; SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
tc $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863*_ Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter »t.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 23c a night; $1 a week.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Our men make $3 to $7 a day selling
Handy Harness and Belt Riveter to every-
body: counties assigned. HANDY" MACHINE
CO., 08 Third st . San Francisco
MEN find women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents*, salary $75 month: expenses;
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address with reference. BUTLER
<<:- ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WOMAN wants man partner In chicken ranch.
30 Hannah __ Oakland.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Good work horses for ranch; state
size end price; must be cheap. Address box
635. Call office.
— — — —
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School. clvll7_7ior^nl^iTng77as^
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $*<"; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers!
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. : San Francisco Bus. College, 1226 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve :
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR, 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
LOST.
LOST— SSO reward will be paid to party who
found diamond cross on Larkln st. Return to
1513 Clay st.: call between 12:30 and 1:30; no
questions asked.
STRAYED -May 1, corner Van Ness and Broad-
way, black cocker spaniel: white breast, with
collar and 2 bells. Suitable reward paid on
return to 269 Laussat aye.
IF the person who has Irish retriever dog. tag
No. 1038, does not turn him loose look out for
trouble; no reward.
' LOST— Bunch S. P. keys, bet. Oakland and S.
F. ; reward. C. D., 630 E. 12th st., Oakland.
i LOST— Green purse on Sacramento-st. car con-
taining 45 cents In small change and $200
note. Return Lane Hospital, Clay and Web-
* ster sts. ■
- LOST— Fawn greyhound bitch. Fifteenth aye.
and J st. Sunset District. Reward.
- LOST— SS reward; fox terrier bitch: 1 brown
1 and 1 mottled ear and black soots on back:
answers to name of Cricket. 1207. i Devisader*.BISINESS CHANCES.
tt^J^Su^TOCKEDbar^a pul.l. pleas^
UU-MM. , •■ n ° ,lisht work ■ no free lunch;
Parti-
- iara *•*• Q-VWILKB.,BO6 Market st.
/ 6^V ISA|1 SA |- 00^ doing a rushing business and
I :' , B * i r ,tlj ' ptted up; opposite the ferries build-
• ti.m . 5 5100: 3 >' c; * rs ' >ease; a splendid loca-
Wii £^ d „ an A 1 Paying place. Call K. G.
WILKE,*9M Market st.
A— s22so; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
61.; established many years; doing first-class
PA i*** business; living rooms: daily receipts.
gv; large stock; lea.se; a genuine good chance, i
;** R. G. IWILKE. 9t.6 Market St.
A— s3oo, BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor. ,
with 4 living rooms; rent J32 50; average daily
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter si.
j.WILKE. 906 Market st.. room 6.
A— $4000: MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
lust 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying bar, etc.;
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; Investigate at once; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G." WII.KE. rm. &. 1.06 Market.
A— s'_:>o- BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms- choicest location In the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. UTLKE. rm. S. 906 Market.
$300— SALOON. P. .--.r.ling and lodging house;
bargain; other business cause r»f sale. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market St.
$600— BAKERY with restaurant; good horse and
wagon; large cash trade: retiring from busi-
ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
110,000— HOTEL: good paying old established
business; going East cause of sale. MC-
LAUGHLIN ,-i CO.. 777 Market st.
$600— OLD e^tnldished beer bottling business;
complete: first-class trade; will sell half in-
.terest for $.7rQ. JONES & CO.. 565 Market.
$275-. on.\l. \,-.i-d and oil business; 30 years es-
tablished: great sacrifice; any one looking
for bargains see this. JONES & CO., 565
Market st
A— KREDO & '"0 22. Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCE BROKERS.
$350— Cigar store; down town; a snap.
$150— Barber shop; 2 chairs; dr-ars $2.'. weekly.
■>-,*"•'—- Bran.-!', bakery and notions; near school
if j. i- o- Drug -tore; $20 daily; value in stock;
V tor 8 : practice worth $300 per month.
STATIONERY store, bazaar: fine paying.".s3OOo
Corner grocery: old established; good bus. 3500
Fine old established bakery 1200
Good-paying branch bakery 4.".v
\ar!ety store, doing good business 2SO
Big bargains. EITEL &. CO., 1016 Market st.
BRANCH bakery; great sacrifice this day.
< -OWING & CO.. 995 Market St.
SAI/JON; living rooms: must sell before 12
o'clock to-day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
To sell your business promptly for ca-«h apply
HEALY A HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
$250— HOME bakery and lunch room; make
offer. HEALY A- HIMMEL. 917 Market St.
$9"O_COI*NTRY hotel; 12 rooms; newly fur-
nished; rent $12 50; 2 years' lease. C. F.
MoORE. H_ Market St.. room 4.
$150- -PARTNER in light business; $1S to $25 a
week: no experience required; must be relia-
ble Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
i"'>i'. sale— Cheap; barber shop. 2 chairs; good
business: nice location; low rent. Apply
j-J. UNIQUE SIGN CO., 5S Eighth, nr. Mission.
$200— RESTAURANT: oak fixtures; receipts $20;
investigate. National Agency, 7S3'i Market.
LADY as partner to establish corresponding
bureau. Call at 41 Third st.
i ORNER store and bar for sale. Apply at ,
Call office.
SEE BASILE, *73'-i Market, to buy or sell your ,
business; lodging houses a specialty.
WANTED— Party to finance real estate deal;
large profits. Box Sl3, Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop: good order; must sell
account sickness. 104 Seventh st.
GOOD paying saloon; cheap; part cash: bal-
v ance $10 monthly. Call to-day, 124 Fourth st.
■*v ELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire at ZIEGLER BROS.', 527 Montgom-
ery st.
BARBERS— Beet bargain for $65; 3-chair shop.
1317 Dupont rt.
RESTAURANT for sale, with 2 living rooms*
_rent only $10. 1631 Market, near Haight.
CARPENTER shop and 3 rooms; rent $6 50.
1725 Market st.
RENOWN c.tars; 7 for 25 cents. IWN-
- BSTONE'S, 331 Ellis Ft.
GOOD business saloon cheap, E_*-t st., near
Folsom; receipts $15 day. Box SB4, Call office.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per month: good
prices: low rer.t: must sell. 332 Bush st.
BARBERS— Good shop for sale. 952 Mission st.
P.-ittTIES having _ business of any kind or
city and country real es;ate to sell or ex-
.1..-1-.tre should apply to Nat. Ag'cy. 7gJ% Mkt.
SALOON for sale; good paying business in i
_ood business quarter. Inquire 720 Montgom- \
cry st., r.-..!ii '...
FOR f-a'.e— The choicest ever offered In country j
hotel property; the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel In Llve.-more. opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage, stahles and outhouses: lot
150x350: wafr and ens all through the hotel;
elegant barroom; furniture In splendid con- i
dition: present owner for 25 years; old age
and 111 health cause of sale. Apply to SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 828 Sanson.* st.. or
at hotel, for further information.
tV.Cf— WHOLESALE and retail fruit business;
sal»s $100 per day; established 15 years: splen-
did chance for bright man. Box 210, Call.
$500— GROCERY' and bar: rent $20: 4 living
rooms: rent paid to May .3. WICHMAN.
V LUTGEN & CO.. 31S Clay st.
sale— Good paying restaurant: city front;
on account of sickness. Call 140 Fifth st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16 ROOMS 7 FINE: CORNER.
NEW ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COST $1400— PRICE, $.V>o.
14 rooms: on O'Farrell st 350
37-room house, large yard; downtown 400
38 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms: exchange for larger house 600
14-room house en Van Ness aye .V.i
64-room house; clears $300; payments SOOO
M-rnom house; »ars $300 160)
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OB PRICE call
on 11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp sth.
10-ROOM house: '5 minutes' walk from Call
.fiire; $:,.*,O. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A— KREDO A- CO 22H Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
I.l2s— Elegant 6-room flat: new carpets.
$300-^-9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full.
{1500—16 rooms; very swell boarding.
Also a number of large houses from $300
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
$_>OXi — .n ROOMS, new furniture, clears $150 per
montn; 72 rooms; l- rooms; 30 rooms; 12
r-*r>ni«; great bargains; lodging-houses sol!
and exchanged: money loaned at 2 per cent.
EITEL A CO.. 3016 Market St.
$2iyu.j_odOlNO house of 15 rooms, near New
Montgomery and Second sts., at a sacrifice.
HEALY A HIMMEL, ''17 Market st.
SACRAMENTO, 644— Lodging-house. 15 well- j
furnished rooms; rent $40; no agents. i
tr-i*^)— 2s ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France 3P,m Bush st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A sell nt once, furniture of 5-room flat; ai-
■*^-.v,«t new; rent of flat $16. Inquire 1712
Howard st. |
COMPLETE furniture of 5 rooms to be sold at j
a barealn. 411 Natoma st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels.- carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 3310 Stockton st.
FOR Fale— Furniture of 10-roorn house. 811
Mission st..* $200.
4 ROOMS furr.lshrvl In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1327-3131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER. 632 Market St.. pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY F'pnm Carpet-cleaning Works— '
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIN Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 10! Sutter St.;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J.' MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning CoTT
•453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 225: lowest rates. '
CARPETS cleared at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S I Eighth st.; tel Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; 'leaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY' Department. Office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C. April 24, IS99—
Keeled proposals will be received at this of-
Vflr-e until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 27th day nt
4 May, W'J. and then opened, for all the mason-
A i>- work, roof covering, etc., for the United
.- tates Postoffice. Courthouse, etc.. building
at San Francisco. Cal.. In accordance with
the drawings and specification, copies of
which may be obtained at this office or at the
office of the Superintendent nt San Fran-
clscn,- cs' JAMES KNOX -"AYLOR, Super-
: vising Architect.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE is hereby given that YEE sack.
sometimes called U. Y'ATCH. Is no long a
member of the firm of QUONG CHONG
SUING & CO. and is not authorized to act for
said firm in any manner. QUONG CHONG
SHING & CO.
LEDERER'S Quintonica. only preparation that
does no injury to the scalp, 35c bot. ; switches
$1 up. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Is the only up-to-date hair dresser;
price, 25c; switches, $1 up; see window dis-
! Play this week. Lederer'a Foamo Shampoo,
[ So pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
! AT LINCOLN BROS.— 10 lbs. rolled oats, 25c:
I butter, 25c roll; 10 lbs. granulated sugar, $1; S
lbs. coffee. $1; flour, 75c sack; 10 cans Jelly,
, $1; picnic hams, 7c lb.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous- remedy for Irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the led; French Tan-
j sy Wafers are trie only reliable female rem-
edy In the world: Imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER ft CO., drug-
gists, 214 Kearny st. H. I. L.ADD ft CO.,
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN i, BOONE, ' Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., i.aw a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
< Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 5u per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits: low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit lept., 1306 Stockton st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
St.. near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly; $10 [2 w.); $15 (3 w.); ■'. (4 w.) '
and ?2.-> (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st, ,
; U. Z. SI BAKI -v- CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order: all kinds
of Japanese crockery, -ware. 188 Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 33*1-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress "is. tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
BEST lunch In town, 75c, at the Pup Rotls-
serie, 12-14 Stockton st.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. rOSHITARI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladles' or gent's thing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Isom si.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sanson.- St.
SUITS to order. -«1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. ISI4 Market St.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
SBARBORO A CO. grocers, formerly of 631
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy st
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at -ash prices;
$1 a week. N. V". Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
; RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no Injec-
tion; guarntd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine. ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds ?S 50; bedrm sets $S;bed lounges
•-- .'-»: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
IRESSMAKERS,
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dress's made I
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
Sl'lit 11 UALISU.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle, 2 p. m. and 8
o'clock, 10c; Saturday readgs. ",. price. 12u 6th.
MRS, S. SIEP. psychometrist; 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS MENA FRANCES, independent slate ;
writing medium, lis Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. - p. m. ; ;
Mon.. S; ?sc; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS B. BAI MANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIR* -IAATS.
A— A— A— A-A—
PROFESSOR MAX DUBOIS,
Celebrated clairvoyant, trance medium and
expert palmist of Paris (France J. Oltice,
1130 MARKET ST.,
Between Mason and Taylor Sts.
Mr. Dubois is recognized by the press,
medical faculty and scientists generally as
the foremost and most able practioner of
pure and honest clairvoyancy in this country. I
Five minutes spent with him will convince
every skeptic that he has I thin, in .mmi
with that class of so-called "mediums" that
invest every ciiy in this country. Without
asking a single question he reveals your I
past, present and future life, calling your
friends and enemies by full name. He helps 1
the unfortunate and tends his power (which
Is stronger than that of any medium now
iv San Francisco) to help every caller to
succeed in the realization of their desires.
Unhappy lovers, unsuccessful business men,
those inflicted with so-called "incurable"
diseases, will find Professor Dubois a true
friend who will set them aright and help
them to their success and happiness.
No matter what your trouble may be, con-
sult lessor Dubois and you will depart
thoroughly satisfied that there is at least
one reliable medium now in your city.
Professor Dubois' charges are moderate,
and within the reach of all. The small fee
of $1 charged on all consultations. Daily
and Sunday, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Absolute
satisfaction guaranteed. Letters must.con-
-1 ! tain $1 if answer li expected. Palmistry i
taught; medlumshlp developed. Address
PROFESSOR DUBOIS, 1130 Market st.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
! PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 10231. MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entrance! gives aid and advice which
! will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
j with the one you love no failure, remove in-
fluence, bad habits: will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces,, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B.- Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023 V* Market street. San Francisco.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and ;
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading: la- ;
dies, 50c; gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies. 25c; gents, ■
50c. 32t* I-arkln. cor. Golden Gate, room 6, j
removed from 103*1 Mission St.. downstairs.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;!
past, present and future; ... 14- Bth, r. 12.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
I netist, 207 Powell St.. rooms 5 and 6.
MIPS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st.. rooms 1 and 2.
MRS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market st., room 2.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2- Sixth st.. rooms 2-3.
MISS HAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St.. room 6.
MYRTLE POTTER Celebrated card reader
from New York City. 865H Market, Parlor 12.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st., r. 34; French and German spoken.
MISS EVa SHELDON, palmist and card read- '
\rtif. 17 Grant aye., parlor C.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT clairvoyant I
and palmist. 320 Ellis st.. parlors < and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up, 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2'c : ladle*. ''14 fi'l-'ar-.-'i st.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROIXJOY — Serrano, recognised brightest
astrologer In America: sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth, sex and 32c. PRO-
FEBSOR SERRANO. p. O. box 523:4. Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME NF.EBGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
malr.'.. '-'I Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2021; reading by mall. $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, -anted; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE SAN FTC AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 1 . Market St., S. F. ; examlna-
tion free; open evenings. •
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con- ;
fidential; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12. 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
LADIES— If you suffer from irregularities, ob-
structions or weakness, why submit to meth-
ods which are painful and dangerous, or take
drugs which only irritate, but never cure?
Don't despair until you read "Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects"; explains all
women ought to know; full particulars about
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure in 24 hours;
don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank; mailed free on receipt of 4c in
stamps In plain envelope, or consult us free at
office. DR. ROUXEL, 925 Market St., above
Hal.- Bros.; hrs., 12-4 and 7-8 p. m.. Sundays
oxcSuded.
IMPORTANT— progress In medical science
for fentale troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
'it. POPPER, 318 Kearney st.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends- of all Invalids, men and women; :
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
. A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause, positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home " for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to - p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. Cr W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023 . Market St.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, sale and sure: cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
: DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
! aye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention: terms mod-
erate: regular physician in 'tendance; con-
sultation free: infants adooted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties beln-j used:
advice free; hours, 3:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
; guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. M. HEHN midwife; specialty REV.
KNEIP'S celebrated treatment. 22% Mission.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. ill* Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
j eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. ;
Pteinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad- ;
way. Oakland.
A FEW special bargains from '140 up.
Weber: used 6 months.
Chickelng; good as new.
Knabe; a bargain.
Emerson: fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
V m : walnut case.
$6 monthly payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. J CURTAZ ft SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER ft CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
> and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 236 McAllister st.
$125 FOR high grade upright piano; just $450.
543 Clie-nery St.; San Mateo electric cars.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments. $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
R a 7 DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 80S to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post fit.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. Hi O'Farrell Ft.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
' BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH ft WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
150.000 FEET best quality second-hand lumber,
all sizes; 400 bundles lath; doors, windows,
; gas, water and soil pipe; 60 squares of tin
roofing; excellent condition; flagpole, 35 feet
long; former Y. M. C. A. building. Sutter
j st., near Kearny.
BICYCLE Al. for sale, cheap or trade; what
have you? Address or call 1310 Stockton st.
GOOD bargain; piano for sale cheap; must
sell. 1921 Howard st.
FOR Cheap; 2 portable ovens. Call at
. 1E29 Polk st. _^
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale. 633 Bryant
street.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second band.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
BARGAIN— 11. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission St.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 133 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
! SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento it,
! GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
3, 1150; $4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
lit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargain* In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sals: also wagons., buggies.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$17 Sixth at.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
*. , — ___ — ,
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE ft
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
300 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom it.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, .F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311,
HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE, 1206— Sunny 10 rooms and !
bath; rent $45. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 j
Montgomery st. .
GREENWICH. 902. NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement:
sunny side: rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed '.
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA, 521, in rear, bet- 6th and 7th— s-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
VALENCIA. 1218—6 rooms and bath; rent $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TO let— B large sunny rooms; modern improve-
ments: large yard. Apply on premises, bet.
12 and 3 p. m., 685 Guerrero st
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— LOVELY Eastlake cottages (nice), only $12,
at SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
EIGHT dollars ($8); cottage with large yard.
Apply bakery, corner of Sanchez and Jersey.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement;
large yard; flat, 6 rooms, bath. 1576 loth st.
COTTAGE, 5 rs. ; 2 new flats. Key 21 Rose c
St., first street to right, off Crescent aye.; Mls-
slon-st. ears.
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO, 458, near 17th and Market— New mod-
ern sunny double upper flat; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 872-874. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms: bath; cheap.
ELEGANT sunny flat, 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low- aye., near Laguna st.
FINE sunny flat; 6 rooms, bath; modern; $15;
122 Alpine, near Haieht and Broderick sts.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 7 rooms, nicely furnished; responsible
party. Inquire 1406 Post, between 12 and 2.
FLAT of 6 rooms, $14; also cottage, 4 rooms, to
small family. 623 Second st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; -.table, 4 stalls.
2702 Twentieth st., corner Hampshire.
MODERN fiat, 5 rooms, bath. 668 Bryant St.,
near Fourth.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms; sunny. 3SO& Seven-
teenth st, near Sanchez.
SACRAMENTO. 1226— Sunny flat of 5 rooms.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath: water free;
rent $15. 3014>_ Twenty-sixth st, near Florida.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st, near Fillmore.
$14— FLAT; double parlors, dinlnc room and
kitchen. 41 Hermann, junction Market and
Valencia.
$13— COZY sunny lower flat, 4 rooms; bath;
yard. 22 Shotwell st.
$25— NEW S-room corner flat. Twentieth at.
near Castro. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP, 614 2 large sunny connecting rooms;
complete for housekeeping; yard.
CARLOS place, 9, near Powell and O'Farrell—
Furnished bousekpg rooms; also others; $5 up.
EDDY', 603— Unfurnished; large alcove parlor
and housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH. 322- 2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg. rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 392 Complete sunny housekeeping
rms.; double or single; private family: cheap.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Desirable
housekeeping rooms for two; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1068 Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
complete; all conveniences: $1 25 per week up.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HYDE, 232— Sunny front bedroom; kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping; sunny single rooms
IS up-
331 KEARNY, near Pine — Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete: gas range; bath.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Poet— Room and :
kitchen furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— Sunny front alcove;
kitchen furnished complete; housekeeping;
bath; $12.
MARKET, 1028 Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfur-
nished, $5.
MCALLISTER, 714—3 sunny front housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $12 50.
MINNA. 270, near Fourth— 2 sunny housekeep ;
Ing rooms; rent $7.
MINNA, 546—2 or 3 rooms complete- for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 821— Large' front room and kitchen;
running water; $3.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: reasonable.
NINTH, 21- Sunny suite for light housekeeping;
running water: stove.
NINETEENTH, 4031. near Castro— nice sunny
double parlors or single room; for housekeep-
ing if desired; gas, bath: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 314 A —Suite ,' nicely furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping.
POST, 827. near Hyde— Furnished housekeeping
suite; also single room; reasonable.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
SIXTH. 136 Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; $1 per week; quiet house.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent j cheap.
TAY'LOR, 108, bet. Turk and Eddy— rooms
furnished for hkpg.; no objection to children.
TEHAMA, 424, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Newly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
THIRD, 340— Room, complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 per week.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission large
furnished front connecting housekeeping
rooms; $10; also single. ,■-■-.- j -
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hot.-l Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts..—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth st— New*, sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny cor. suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BUSH. 421, nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished room for gentle-
man, $7 per month; references.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— Rooms rented by
day, week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house In the city.
ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double or single, reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1227— Sunny rooms In a private fam-
ily; nicely furnished; use of kitchen.
GEARY, 14A, opposite Claus Spreckels build-
ing— Front . neatly furnished suite of rooms;
second floor.
GEARY, 556 Sunny front parlor; folding bed;
piano; phone; suites and other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and j
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and ■
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family I
rooming bouse: $160 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— under
new management Ap. 1: elegant sunny suites;
single rooms; most central part city; elevator. !
HOWARD, 649—2 large sunny rooms furnished '
for housekeeping In a quiet family.
HOWARD, 953%— Large, sunny, homelike; $1 50 I
per week; bath.
KEARNY, 215— Newly- furnished sunny rooms;
1 large elegant suite on first floor; rent rea-
sonable. MRS. E. M. TOBIN.
KEARNY. 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient
MISSION. 1102. nr. Sth— Several choice Bunny
newly furnished rms.; modern conveniences.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny |
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason- j
able.- !
iv 'WELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
POST, Newly furnished rooms, single and!
en suite, from $1 50 to $6 week.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and i
ladles' parlor: room per night. 35c to $1 60; i
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat; baths. j
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
i SECOND. Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping: reasonable.
SEVENTH, 178, upstairs— Nice respectable lady
for roommate; nice rooms and cheap rent.
SHERMAN Apartment House 7 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
j STEVENSON, 637—2 or 3 furnished rooms for
rent.
TURK. 127— Room for man and wife; single
• rooms from $3 to $5 a month.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IC pages, sent to any addr-ess In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFOFtNLOSoTT^^^
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
ELEGANT parlor suite; hot and cold water;
first-class table board. ' 219 Leavenworth.
ELLIS, 518 — Sunny alcove room, with good
board; $50 for two, ;
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL, 24— Elegant large sunny rooms
and suit: with or without board.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooi.is: excellent board.
SOUTH PARK. 159 Furnished Bunny rooms;
very reasonable; .private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER. Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
THE Longworth, 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
CHILDRE HOARDED.
GOOD home for children. $8; Infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. $4-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1085 Market: popular prices.
STORES TO L_-T.
2 STORES and 3 living rooms: each $10; excel-
lent opening for pork and delicatessen In one;
stationery and notions in the other. C. WILL-
ITT, 916 Market si . room 69.
STORE, 22d and Castro; new building; fixtures
for grocery and saloon. Key 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
baker} •* living rooms; cheap 2848 Folsom st.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
DENTISTS.
DrT't. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
' we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty: flexible plates
from 55; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly, teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
I $3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
; fice hours, 9a.m.to in p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. 15; teeth without plates a
i specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY" DEN-
! TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason st. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev*gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor, fith.
SET of teeth without a pliUe. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st
ATTORNEYS Al' LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, ail cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
i ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of Partnership— C. C, Sees.
8466, 8468.
We hereby certify that we constitute a
partnership, transacting business In the State
of California; under the firm name and style
of W. A. BOOLE & SON; that the principal
place of business of said firm is in the City
and County of San Francisco, California;
that th" names in full of all the members
of such partnership and their places of resi-
dence are as follows: WILLIAM AUGUSTUS
BOOLE, residing at Ross Valley, Marin
County, Cab; WILLIAM AUGUSTUS BOOLE
JR., residing at Ross Valley, Marin County,
Cal.
Witness our hands this 10th day of April,
1899. W. A. BOOLE.
W. A. BOOLE JR.
State of California, City and County of San
Francis.-.
On this 11th day of April, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, be-
fore me, H. C. DROGER, a Notary Public
in and for the City and County of Son Fran-
cisco, state of California, personally ap-
peared W. A. BOOLE and W. A. BOOLE JR.,
known to me to be the persons whose names
are subscribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year in this certificate first above written.
[Notarial Seal.] H. C. DROGER.
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
I, WILLIAM A. DEANE, County Clerk of
the City and County of San Francisco. State
of California, and ex-officio Clerk of the Su-
perior Court. In and for said City and County,
hereby certify the foregoing to be. a full, true
and correct copy of the original certificate
of Partnership of W. A. BOOLE & SON,
filed in my office on the 11th day of April,
A. D. 1899.
Attest my band and the seal of said court
this llth day of April, A. D. 1599.
[Clerk's Seal.] WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By P. M. McGASHIN. Deputy Clerk.
~ NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899, the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application In writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the questlcn, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
i and application that the undersigned, as
• Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
I plication by publication In some newspaper
published In the City and County of San
I Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days
Therefore, all persons having any interest In
I the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
; by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1899. any and all objec-
j tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
! hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 189?.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco.
April 14, 1899— In compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors., approved September 15, ISSO
• also In accordance with an act of the Stato
Legislature, approved March 16. 1872, there
■will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
ft Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St., on MONDAY. May 15, 1.-.99, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered By the police force
; of San Francisco, as detailed In an inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PEREMPTORY ~" ~~
AUCTION SALE
BY THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR-
THURSDAY,
MAY 11TH. AT 12 O'CLOCK.
■ AT 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BY ORDER OF A. C. FREESE,
EX-PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
BALDWIN & HOWELL WILL SELL,
..*.*-'
~~~ AT AUCTION:
AT AUCTION:
No. 606, 606 A and 6061. Third st., near Bran-
nan; lot 25x156:8, running through to Ritch St.;
improvements consist of a 3-story building on
Third St., containing 2 stores and 2 stories
above, also a 3-story building (No. 307 Ritch
st.), containing 6 flats of 3 rooms each; total
rents $38.
Southeast corner Octavia and Oak sts.; lot 50__
SO; improvements consist of a 2-story building
on the corner, containing a store and 2 rooms,
and a flat above of 5 rooms and bath; also a
2-story residence on Octavia st. (No. 264), con- |
taining 8 rooms and bath, etc.; total rents $70;
there is about 3oxJU feet vacant, which should
be improved.
Nos. 2657 and 2659 Howard St., near Twenty-
third; 2 flats of 6 rooms each; rent $40; large
lot 30x122:6.
Lot on south side of Ripley place. 230:9 west
of Alabama st.; size of lot 20x150, running
through to Waltham place.
Lot on northeasterly line of Fifteenth aye.,
275 feet southeast of R st. : size 25x100; street
graded, sewered and macadamized.
Lot on the southwesterly line of Fourteenth
aye., 275 feet southeast of R St.; 25x100.
Lot on the west line of Forty-third aye., 100
feet south of Q st. ; 50x120.
Lot on the north line of Trumbull St., 120
feet east of Condon; 30x160, through to Canal st.
Lot on the north side of Silver aye., 200 feet
west of Barneveld aye. ; 25x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$350— LARGE lot. 44:6x103:6; level, fenced; 1
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell st., rooms 1 and 2.
$1350— 4-ROOM cottage and lot 27:8x100: furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. ' Dia-
mond st., near Twentieth.
$950— sale, a 3-room cottage, with stable
and basement, near car line. Apply H.
GEORGE, 533 California st.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.* $1900-s24ot>; 4-5 rm. cottages;
"_ block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or 33SA 11th.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD lodging house in Oakland: now clearing
over 8150 per month; will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property; best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EDSON, 1309 Broadway,
Oakland.
HOUSES and lots from $200 to $10,000
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres, $100 t0.... "520, 000
500 business places from $50 to $ 5.000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1"2" Market st.. or 1' Eddy.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: jou will 1"- waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69, Donohoe bldg., 1170 Markt.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. , Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount, at 6' per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- I
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
. HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew- I
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry I
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
; ANY amount by private party on furniture and '
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell st.
■ REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undivided interests, estates in probate, etc.
HARPER & KREIGER, 312 Examiner bldg.
LOAN on city property or chattels; no delay;
furniture and pianos. ELSTON & THOMP-
IN, 239 Post st
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
1 IF your property is mortgaged and you need
1 more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
If. pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FINANCIAL.
1 ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short 1
notice, J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st.
j OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
j AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
j ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$. "00— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street: near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
126 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x135; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8, rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT "~~
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5. 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
I stations: from $1000 to $.1500; easy Installments;
; Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
st., San Francisco. C.icn Sundays and holi-
days.
A'.AMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. '•UKKE, 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
11300—4 ROOMS, bath: barn; well and pump":
lot 2Gxll0; small cash payment; balance easy
terms.
New 5-room house; street work done; for sale
or exchange for lot In city. Oakland or Berke-
ley.
$2300— rooms, bath and basement; corner lot;
street work done; best location in Berkeley;
easy terms to suit buyer. NAMANNY & ROB-
INSON. Lorin, Cal. .
HILLEGASS TRACT. ~~
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth: fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the bills; no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY FURNISHED AGE*.
A FURNISHED cottage to rent for the sum-
mer; 7 rooms and bath; large grounds, orch-
ard; barn: term- reasonable: references; near
cars. 2519 College aye.. Berkeley.
TO LEASE.
COUNTRY ME TO LEASE— : ~~
In the hills. 900 feet elevation, 5 miles west of
Stanford University, overlooking Santa Clara
Valley; delightful climate; comfortable resi-
dence of 15 rooms, furnished or not: has hot
and cold water; 25 acres of land well laid out,
in grass, flowers and fruit, including 1400 fruit
trees; with barn, stable, outhouse, etc. ; good
road and trail through redwood forest; must
be seen to be appreciated; will be leased to a
desirable tenant on reasonable terms on ac-
count of owner's intended absence. For terms,
etc., apply to JOHN H. GILMORE, 321 Mont-
gomery st.. Son Francisco.
PHYSICIANS.
j DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
[ 1021 1 - Market St., bet. 6th and 7th. I
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
26 ELMORA lots. 12 miles from San~Luis
Obispo, on tract of new railroad, for sale or
exchange for cows, restaurant or other prop-
erty at a bargain. MRS. BUECHEL, 20 Ninth
St., near Market, San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL home in Napa Valley, 2 miles
from the station; 19 acres; part fruit: good
house; plenty of water; price 12500; your own
time to pay It; would take cottage as part
payment. Call or address the owner, 1668
Fourteenth st. West Oakland.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 addiess THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California r*t.. S. F.
$2500— ORCHARD. 35 miles south of San Jos«*
12 acres 4-year-old prunes, house of 7 rooirto,
barns, etc.: good well of water: . minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable; 12
acres in wheat. Address box 803, Call.
FRUIT, grain and .ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM __ CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
36 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MARRIAGE LICENSES] "
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Thomas Gamon and Emma Hughes 40-30
Louis Siligo and Babette Getz 25-25
Juan Catalan and Juana S.-hr.egula 40-1.0
Joseph P. Roseman and Mary G. Woodruff. 2s-19
Giuseppe Picarello and Filomena Polermo. 3o-20
Harry L. Keene and Clarise Landsberger.23-11
Davis G. Sanders and Ethel M. Slocombe. 24-24
All. in E. Nelson and Hattie W. G0rd0n... 28-21
Peter A. Wiborg and Mamie Connors 34-24
Fred E. Abbott and Ethel H. p., eg 25-20
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BORRMANN— this city, May 3. 1889. to the
wife of W. J. Borrmann, a daughter.
HINES— In this city, to the wife of Edward
Hlnes, a daughter.
DIED.
Adams, Bridget Meyer. Henry
Bernert, Freddie O'Neill. Isabel
Bouquet, Jean J. Reddy, Walter
Burns, Mary E. Schmidt. Anna E.
Cowlbeck, George Shinn, Edwin
Dawartz. Johan F. Tledemann. William
Forbes. Ella L. Wallace, Miss R.
Halllgan. Thomas Welrlch, Bertha
Henko, a. V. Welch. Michael
McMahon, Thomas F. Wilz, Mary C.
McGinn's. Peter
ADAMS— In this city. May 4, 1899. Bridget,
dearly beloved wife of the late Richard
Adams, mother Of Mrs. William P. McGillin,
and grandmother of Mabel and Marion Mc-
Gillin, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land, aged 56 years.
BERNERT— In Alameda. May 3, 1899, Fred-
die, beloved son of Mrs. Marie Bernert. a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged 17 years and 11
months.
lO'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BOUQUET— anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of th.- late Jean Jules Bouquet at the Notre
Dame dcs Vlctoires Church, on Bush street,
to-morrow (.Saturday), commencing at 10
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are most
respectfully invited to attend.
BURNS— An anniversary' requiem mass will be
celebrated for the resose of the soul of the
late Mary E. Burns, to-morrow (Saturday),
at 8 o'clock, at St. Ignatius Church, Hayes
street. Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
COWLBECK— In Fruitvale. May 3. 1899, George
Cowlbeck, father-in-law of Mr. Frank Barker,
and grandfather of Mrs. Jennie M. Pembrook
and George F., Fred W.. Susie c. and Roy
I. Barker, a native of England, aged 80
. years and 14 days.
DAWARTZ— In this city. May 4. 1599. Johan
Frederick, beloved husband of Margaret
Dawartz, a native of Germany, aged 46 years
3 months and 24 days.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
FORBES— In Napa. May 3, 1899, Ella L.. be-
loved wife of Thomas Y. Forbes, mother of
Margie and Thomas Forbes, eldest daughter
of John and Susan Coleman, and sister of
James W. and John J. Coleman, Mrs. W. W.
Freeman and Mrs. C. C. Gorman, a native
of Brisbane, Australia, aged 37 years.
C_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 32S Harriet street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HALLIGAN— In this city. May 3. 1899, Thomas,
brother of Alexander. David, Joseph and
John Halligan, a native of Carllngford,
County Louth, Ireland, aged 34 years.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 440 Third street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENKO —In Alameda, May 4, 1899, A. V.
Henko, beloved husband of Euphemia Henko.
and father of Rose, Euphemia and Alto
Henko, a native of Russia, aged 39 years 5
months and 17 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 7, ISOfi. at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2111 Clement avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco, via
12 o'clock creek boat.
McGINNIS— In this city. May 3, 1--W. Peter
McGinnls. a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
McMAHON this city, May 3, 1899, Thomas
1-*., beloved husband of Mary A. McMahon.
a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged 52
years.
[T_^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
MEYER— In this city. May 3. 1899, Henry, be-
loved husband of Adela Meyer, and father
of Emma. Harry and Willie Meyer, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 50 years 10
months and 25 days. A member of Nord-
deutscher Verein and Germanla Lodge No. 7.
O. d. H. S.
E__?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from Shiels' Hall. 32 O'Farrell
street, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city. May 4. 1899. Isabel, be-
loved daughter of John and Annie O'Neill,
and sister of George O'Neill, a native of San
Francisco,- aged 17 years 6 months and 21
days.
REDDY— In South San Francisco, May 4. 1899,
Walter, beloved son of John and Mary A.
Reddy, father of Charley, Frank and Alice
Reddy, and brother of John, Charles. George
and Edward Reddy, Mrs. Herrman Widman
and Mrs. John Ronan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 34 years and 10 months.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•(Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1521 Eleventh avenue south, between
Railroad avenue and M street south, thence
to All Hallows' Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city, May 3, 1899, Anna
Emilia, only and beloved daughter of Philip
and Emilia Schmidt, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years 4 months and 13 days.
IT"?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. Sunday,
May 7, 1899, at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2121 Chestnut street, between
Stelner and Pierce. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
SHINN— In this city. May 3, 1899, Edwin Shinn,
a native of New York, aged 73 years.
TIEDEMANN— In this city, April 17, 1899, Wil-
liam Tiedemann, beloved brother of Helnrich
Tledemann and Mrs. Peter Rethwlsch. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 65 years.
K_TFr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler-, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of Charles J. B. Metz-
ler. 636 Washington streeet.
I WALLACE— A requiem mass for the repose of
the soul of Miss Romietta Wallace will be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral, to-mor-
row (Saturday), at 9 o'clock. Friends are In-
vite., tc attend.
WEIRICH— this city. May 4. 3899. Bertha,
beloved daughter of Gustave and Meta Wel-
rlch, and sister of Gustave Weirirh. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged S years and
5 months.
WELCH— In this city. May 4, 1899, Michael,
beloved husband of Margaret Welch, and be-
loved father of John, Mary, James. Michael.
Catherine and Sarah Welch, a native of
Crossmolina. County Mayo, Ireland, aged 66
years 9 months and 8 days.
WILZ— At St. Mary's Hospital, M.ay 2, 1899.
Mary ■'.. beloved wife of Theo. H. Wilz. and
beloved daughter of Mrs. Mary T. McK.ee. a
native of Canada.
(r__rA solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing nt 9 o'clock this day (Friday), at St.
Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth and
Church streets. Interment private. Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ' '
t
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan _- Gallagher), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMEHI
to Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
McflVOY & CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
US Market st, between Sth and 'Jth. 8
Telephone.South 247. |
'" '" ™" "' ■■*■■_■_____■__
1112
WALKED IN HER
SLEEP AND FELL
TO DESTRUCTION
0
«
Strange Fate of Mary
Jackson.
— ♦ —
PLUNGED FROM THIRD FLOOR
♦ —
THE IDEA OF SUICIDE NOT CON
SIDERED.
-
-! — — ♦
The Victim Was a Sleepwalker and
Had Suffered for Many Years
From Nervous Dis
orders.
♦—
'
Miss Mary Jack! either fell or
jumped out of a third-story window in
the La Mar boarding hoi:- on the north
oast corner of Bush and Stockton streets,
early yesterday morning and sustained
Injuries which the doctors say will prove
fatal.
At about 1 o'clock Policeman Charles
Fennell, who was patrolling his beat, dis
covered the senseless form ■>; a woman
dressed in her nightclothes lying on the
sidewalk in front of the house, and on
further investigation saw blood flowing
from a wound in the head. The body
was at once removed to the apartment
where her mother, who was her constant
attendant' was still ping. Dr. Mc-
Swain. who rooms in the house, was
called and found the skull badly frac
tured, besides a compound fracture of
the right hip.
The relatives scout the Idea of at
tempted suicide. They ascribe the acci
dent to the young woman's somnambulis
tic habit, and the delirium resulting from
over three years of ill health. She was
very sick on Wednesday evening and re
titr'ed at 1 o'clock.
It is supposed that she noiselessly left
The side or her sleeping mother, opened
the lower window, which was always
kept closed, and dropped forty feet to the
sidewalk below.
About a month ago Miss Jackson was
brought over from Berkeley by her
mother and taken to the Women's Hos
pital, where an ration was performed
for a nervous trouble with which she had
long been afflicted. She had only left the
hospital a few days ago nd though she
A SOMNAMBULIST'S FATAL FALL.
had not been suffering pain she was in
a highly excitable condition. Her nerves
were unstrung, and to this fad is as
cribed the cause of the accident. She is
28 years of age and has many relatives
in this city.
Dr. E. S. Howard, who Is now in at
tendance on the case, says that she may
die any minute. The fracture of the
thigh and pelvic bone, and the lacerated
wound of the scalp, he considers will
prove fatal.
MILITARY WEDDING
ON ANGEL ISLAND
DRUM MAJOR ARNDT MARRIED
TO MISS CLYDE KEITH.
Bride Given Away by Major Hess,
Commander of the Post, and
Chaplain Potter Performs
the Ceremony.
The soldiers on Angel Island were
treated to quite a change from the usual
routine of military life yesterday. There
was a wedding at the post and every
man in the garrison, except those on
duty, crowded the chapel to see the cere
mony performed.
The groom was Drum Major Paul Arndt
and the bride was Miss Clyde Keith of
the Presidio. The couple were made one
by Chaplain Potter of the post, and Major
Frank W. Hess, commanding officer at
Angel Island, gave the bride away. The
regimental band was in attendance and
played Mendelssohn's wedding march as
the bride and groom left the church. One
of the first to salute the newly wedded
couple was Captain Btofen of the quar
termaster's steamer McDowell. He knows
all the young people at Angel Island, Al
catraz. Lime Point, Fort Point and the
Presidio, and considers It his bounden
duty to kiss the bride at each wedding.
On this occasion he was a little late and
the groom pot the first kiss.
Drum Major' Arndt is the son of Ser
geant Otto Arndt, leader of the band.
Ie Is a universal favorite and the con
gratulations that poured in on himself
and wife were of the heartiest kind.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, MO and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & BUI. 309 Larkln."
Unknown Drowned Man.
The body of an unknown man was
found floating in the bay at the foot of
Berry street wharf yesterday morning by
Fred Carson of 30"^ Gefieva street. There
was nothing on the person by which the
corpse could be identified. The body had
been In the water several days and was
very much decomposed. The remains are
at the Morgue awaiting identification.
WANT PROTECTION.
Property Owners on the San Bruno.
Road Petition for an Engine
House.
Property-owners and residents in the
vicinity of San Bruno road and Army
street have petitioned the Supervisors for
better protection against Are in that
neighborhood. The petition was headed
by Morris Windt, who has thousands of
dollars' worth of property at the Junc
tion of the two streets mentioned, and i
other owners of realty adjacent thereto
and also several residents further 'out on
the San Bruno road. The attention of the
Supervisors is directed to the locality as
being one thickly doited by factories in
which considerable capital is invested in
machinery and other plants, all of which
would become totally destroyed in case
of a large fire breaking out in any one
of the numerous factories. To afford pro
tection against such a contingency the
city fathers are requested to provide an
appropriation for the construction of an
engine-house in the locality mentioned,
and in addition to this to notify the
Spring Valley Water Company to lay B
inch mains In place of the 4-inch ones now
In use then . as in case of fire the supply
would be entirely Inadequatae to meet the
necessity of the case.
At the present time the nearest engine
house to this place is located on Folsom
street, between Twenty-first and Twenty
second, and the time consumed in reach
ing San Bruno road in answering an
alarm would be so long that the place
attacked by lire would be beyond relief
by th. time the apparatus would reach
there.
IMPROVEMENT IN THE
CITY'S NORTH END
PLAN TO WIDEN WASHINGTON
STREET FIVE BLOCKS.
Many Property Owners Favor the
Move, but Much Must Be Done
First Question of Cost.
The proposition to widen Washington
street from Montgomery avenue to the
water front was discussed yesterday at
a public meeting called by the executive
committee of the North Central Improve
ment Association. H. P. Sonntag, the
president, in opening the meeting stated
that it is the expressed wish of quite a
number of the larger property owners in
that section of the city to have tha im
provement made by taking about twenty
five feet from the south side of the street,
so as to conform to the width of Mont
gomery avenue. It is advisable to obtain
the opinion of the majority of property
owners first, as the association is not
ready to endorse such a movement until
it could see what the outcome would be.
1.. V. Merle, representing the Montgom
ery estate on Washington street and
Montgomery avenue, stated that the old
block bearing the name of the first owner
is about to be renovated an'! repaired in a
modern style. If th.- street is to, be wid
ened be wanted to know it so as to make :
allowances for the loss of the north end.
Personally he was in favor of the im
provement and the estate was willing to
stand its share •'•' the expense. He knew
that many of the larger owners, not pres
ent, were also In favor of the change,
while those living at the farther end of
the avenue indorsed the move to a man.
Supervisor Holland stated that the Board
of Supervisors are willing to improve the
city and would certainly make arrange
ments t«. carry out any plans that the ,
people of the district would advise.
George D. Shadburne ami several oth
ers suggested that it would be a very
good idea to ascertain the cost of the
proposed change, now many would be af
fected and the exact number for and
against the plan, tie stated that he had
upon good authority that the Supervisors
had decided to grant the franchise for the
corkscrew street-car line that the rail
road people want to run into the district.
Among others who were present and
spoke were William Giselman. Hugh Hud
dleson. G. H. Berton. K. R. Provines, Ed
gar Painter. George K. Fitch, R. D.
Chandler and others. No action was
taken in toe matter, the desire being to
secure information before proceeding as
to the cost of the widening and the means
of proceeding.
CARVED HIS DEBTORS.
■ ■ ._.
Sing Lee Quong Stabbed Two Chinese
Undertakers Because They Would
Not Pay What They Owed.
Lung Hing and Tong Bun Sayou, un
-1 dertakers at 724 Pacific street, were
stabbed and slashed severely yesterday
forenoon by Sing Lee Quong. They had
had a dispute about money matters, and
Quong attacked them with a Chinese
machete, lacerating the muscles of the
scalp and shoulders. The wounded men
were treated at the Harbor Hospital and
the murderous assailant was placed un
der arrest by Officer Peshon.
The prisoner denies that he inflicted the
wounds. He said that he was upstairs
asleep in his room when the trouble be
gan and that he ran downstairs as an un
known Chinaman was slashing the under
takers. Quong said also that he was a
cook and that the wounded men owed
him money and would not pay him. al
though he had nothing to eat. He gavo
his age as 62 years.
Last night Sing Lee Quong told the po
lice officers that about two months ago
he had seen Ton Bun Sayou bury a child
In a vacant lot on the corner of Pacific
and Stockton streets. He was sent out in
company with two officers and after a
few minutes' digging the body was un
earthed. It was of a male Chinese child
apparently about a month old, and in an
advanced state of decomposition. Sing
Lee Quong claims he does not know who
the child's parents were.
POKER PLAYERS IN COU_.IT.
Getting a Jury in the Case of W.
Redman of the Palace Saloon.
The first of the cases of the poker
players arrested during the police raid
last week to be tried by a jury was called
in Judge Graham's court yesterday after
noon. It was that of W. Redman, charged
with carrying on a percentage game in
the Palace saloon, 887 Market street.
A venire of 100 had been issued but
when the court adjourned at 5 o'clock
only two out of thirty examined had been
accepted. They were John Utschlg and
Charles Fredericks. Four of the Jurors
sent substitutes and at the request of
Chief Lees the Judge issued attachments
for their appearance in court when the
case la called this afternoon. They were
A. H. Brod, N. C. Llndsley, T. McCarthy
and J. O. Dwyer. Prosecuting Attorney
Wentworth has exhausted all of his per
emptory challenges.
Knew the Combination.
William Springer, a coal dealer at 400
Dolores street, swore to a complaint in
acting Judge Groezinger's court yester
day charging James Fagan with grand
larceny. Fagan formerly worked for him
and knew the combination of the safe,
and he alleges that Fagan on April 28
opened the safe and stole $51 S3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 5, 1899.
HOT SHOT FOR
THE MINISTERS
FROM THE IOWA
The Chaplain Scores
His Brethren.
4
SHOULD WORK CLOSER HOME
— ♦ —
TOO MUCH SENSATIONALISM IN
THE PULPIT.
♦
Closing Banquet of the Unitarian
Conference Enlivened by Some
Strong Talk About Modern
Ministerial Methods.
The close of the Unitarian conference,
which has been In session In Oakland
SUCCESSOR, TO MISS BLOCH.
+ .New Secretary to the Golden Sate
$ Park, Commissioners.
.MISS JODGE FJIIIUUWI.
© •■/riSS MADGE FAIRMAN, a popular young lady of this city, has been -
_ IVI named th« successor to Miss Valence V. Bloch as secretary to the Board (
♦ 111 of Golden Gate Park Commissioners. Miss Fairman is well fitted for the -
O position and will soon assume her duties. She has numerous friends <
4- and all of them rejoice at her appointment. Her education was obtained *
*•*-* in this State and her general knowledge will greatly assist the board in
X wrestling -with many troublesome problems pertinent to the city's large ,
+ pleasure ground.
?©*©+ O^O-f ©♦©4 ©♦ O ♦ ©+©+©+© +©+©+©+©+ ©4©♦ ©♦© ♦©♦©♦©+•
for the past few days, was fittingly cele
brated by a banquet extended by the Uni
tarian Club of California at the Mer
chants' Club last evening. About 400 were
seated in the dining room, which was
profusely adorned with floral decorations.
Toasts, interspersed with selections by
the Press Club Quartet, were responded
to by Rev. Btopford W. Brooke, Rev.
C. J. K. Jones of Los Angeles, Chaplain
F. C. Brown, l". S. N., and Hon. John P.
Irish. Rev. Dr. Brooke touched upon,
"The Present Function of Unitarlanism,"
and Rev. Dr. Jones spoke of "The Power
of the Unitarian Pulpit." Both of the
clergymen were warmly applauded and
made the most of the subjects they han
dled.
Chaplain F. C. Brown of the battleship
lowa was heartily received when he arose
Jto speak. The subject allotted to him
| was "Theological Co-operation," and he
i handled it in a manner somewhat sur
j prising to most of his audience. His tone
was forcible, and profound attention wits
observed throughout bis remarks. He be
gan by observing that many Christian
' people who were clamoring for the Chris
i tianizing of the black man in the Philip
pines had given little thought to the
; evils prevalent at their own doors; that
i no attention has been given to the correc
tion of the thousands of crooked human
ways, or to the great absorbing monopo
lies and trade corruptions, simply because
i they were backed by wealth and power,
I and created by men born in an en-
I lightened land. As # an example of the
first he referred to pathetic cases which
had come under his observation while in
San Francisco. "A woman," he said,
i "was sentenced. to three months in the
County Jail for vagrancy. A paper in
mentioning the case stated that she was
the woman who had caused the impris
onment of the wretch responsible for her
1 downfall, a number of years ago. At the
\ time of her first sin no helping hand had
i been outstretched to save her, and now
i it has come to pass that the only mes
sage the great city of San Francisco can
; extend to this poor wretch is three
i months behind prison bars. Such a thing
i causes the finger of scorn to be pointed
at every church in the city.
"The idea of Christianity, as it is prac
i ticed to-day, is that when a life has fallen
! from grace it should no longer find refuge
lin the sanctuary of the church. Only
i those who have the mystic symbolism
stamped upon their countenances are fit
for the consolations of religion, and the
efforts of the Gospel to spread the Spirit
of God should be confined to far-away
blacks and not to the outcasts at home.
There are preachers to-day who plight
their troth in sensational sermons, the
titles of which reflect on the purity of
sacred life. They circulate nonsensical
tracts and send them to foreign lands.
All of these things have a tendency to
keep people from church rather than
draw them to it. Practical and not un
natural methods should be employed in
tha conversion of sinners, and until this
thing is understood little advancement
will be made in the way of real reform at
home or abroad.
"The theme of my remarks is 'Theolog
ical Co-operation,' and by such co-opera
tion men of the cloth will only be enabled
to execute the work they have been com
missioned to do. Religious denominations
will closet themselves in their little shells
on Sunday discussing the particular dog
mas of their creed and denouncing some.
other denomination, while us a matter of
fact they agree with the objects of their
denunciation in nine points out of ten.
When they come together and recognize
that they are all working to attain the
same end, and that the rough road will be
traveled only by hearty co-operation, and
not by dissension, then will the great
problem be solved. Chaplains of the navy
—and we are about twenty-four in num
ber—mingle with our men on week days,
giving them all the benefit of bright ex
ample, and on Sunday preach of God, of
purity and heaven, and do not herald our
words with sensational headlines calcu
lated to inspire their disgust instead of
their reverence."
Rev. Mr. Brown was followed by Hon.
John P. Irish, who spoke on the Czar's
peace congress to be opened at The
Hague on the ISth of the present month.
With his usual aggressiveness of speech
Mr. Irish denounced the present war in
the Philippines and held up the acts-com
mitted by Americans upon the wounded
of the enemy as atrocities of a barbaric
period. He read portions of communica
tions received from the soldiers and when
he came to the report of Lieutenant Du
boee on the burning of the Pace Church
said Duboce was a monster. In part he
said:
"The Czar has proposed a peace con
gress. It has been treated lightly by the
nations of the earth and I regret to
think that it will result in naught. It is
to be hoped that it may accomplish one
thing, if nothing else, and that is to re
solve some means by which the weak can
be protected against the arm of the
mighty. War is becoming more brutal
and it has got to such a state that the
amusement of civilized soldiers rests in
unmercifully crushing the uncivilized man
out of existence. There should be some
revolt at the thought that men can be
permitted to burn the wounded of the
enemy like mice in a strawstack. Let
some court be afforded to which the
weak can appeal for justice."
On the effects of the present war the
speaker said: "I think that the future
will demonstrate that, at this particular
time, war has been disastrous to this
country. It has checked the flow of
peace and good will among men. Eighteen
months ago we were at peace with all
nations, but to-day we have inspired a
fear among nations that has robbed us of
our tranquil standing. At the most, war
but arouses in our hearts the sleeping ap
petites of the serpent and the shark and
breeds the desire of conquest— that desire
to swallow up the small in a mlghly
gulp."
Kipling's poem. the speaker denounced
as -an error. He said it was intended to
overthrow a truth which had oeen estab
lished with the dawn of Christianity and
set up a theory that a wrong la right just
because it is a burden.
"ACTORS" COME TO GRIEF.
Two Eootlight "Favorites" Arrested
for Defrauding a Hotel.
Herbert Wolf and F. •'.. Belmont, young
men with histrionic aspirations, were ar
rested last evening by Police Officer Syl
vester and Marshal Ramage of Hay
wards. They are charged with defraud
ing D. G. Frantz, a hotel keeper of Hay
wards, out of three days' board bill.
Accompanied by another stage-struck
friend named Waldemeyer, Wolf and Bel
mont went to I lay wards, intending to
make their debut and incidentally to re
plenish their depleted purses. After rent
ing the Town Hall the trio had a number
of hand bills printed, announcing that
they would give a show at "popular
prices."
Wolf was billed as the only rival to
the great Hermann, his "tricks of leger
demain fairly dazzling the beholder."
Evidently realizing that their maiden ef
fort would not be a success, the trio
packed their grips and skipped without
having settled with the hotel man for
board. On learning of their sudden de
parture Frantz went before the. Town
Justice and swore to complaints, charg
ing them with defrauding an innkeeper.
Wolf and Belmont were found on Mar
ket street and taken back to Haywards,
where they will be tried under the State
law, which makes it an offense to "beat"
a hotel keeper. Waldemeyer has not yet
been arrested.
Lin Gow Helped Himself.
Lum Que, a Chinaman living at 1910 •
Pierce street, told the police yesterday af
ternoon that Lin Gow had come to his !
room Wednesday night and asked for the j
loan of some money. Lum Que refused !
and went out. When he returned he found
that Lin Gow was gone and everything j
movable in the room had also disap- I
peared. Lin Gow was found in his room I
on Washington street yesterday after
noon with a portion of the stolen prop- !
erty in his possession. He was arrested ,
and charged with burglary. y:;
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.*
Nettie R. Craven's Case.
The application of Mrs. Nettle R.
Craven for a family allowance from the
estate of the late James G. Fair was on
Judge Troutt's calendar yesterday, but
was continued until this morning. Mrs.
Craven seeks permission to intervene in
the contest filed by Charles L. Fair
against the will, and as the family allow
ance matter is subservient to this action
it will have to wait doubtless for some
weeks.
NOVELTY DAY.
Some articles cut CO per cent.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE. .
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
PETER McGLADE
CANNOT EVADE
LAW'S ACTION
* r--<- .-.-•'_ ■■'.:.■•■ ■■ __ ,■>■".■
Incriminating Docu
ment Not Barred.
— ♦ —
THE COURT'S ADVERSE RULING
— ♦-—
X
JUDGE COOK DECIDES AGAINST
THE DEFENDANT.
♦
Witnesses Testify That the Signa
tures on the Alleged Bogus De
mand Were Forged Ce
rtified To by Accused.
Peter W. McGlade was treated to a bit
ter disappointment yesterday morning
when Judge Cook rendered a decision over
ruling the objections of * his attorney,
Patrick Reddy, to the admission as evi
dence against him of the alleged forged
demand for street work on. which the in
dictment of the Grand Jury was based.
Ex-Street Superintendent Ambrose's for
mer bookkeeper and his attorney had
built high hopes on barring out this im
portant document and had they succeed
ed McGlade would have got off scot free
on all the charges pending against him.
As it is the evidence -will go to the jury.
In rendering his decision Judge Cook
took up the objections of defendant's
counsel one by one and disposed of them
in short order. The court held that the
contention that the document was void
on its face and therefore not a tit sub
ject for an indictment for forgery be
cause the signatures of Assistant Super
intendent of Streets 'lark and Assistant
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors Mc-
Ginnls were valueless, even if genuine,
was Insufficient ground for objection.
"The document," he said, "so far as it
travels down to the Auditor's allowance,
appears to be a demand for the payment
of money. Attached -to it is an affidavit
which purports to prove the genuineness
Of the demand. Now it Is charged that
all three signatures of Swords, Clark and
McGinnls are forged. So it comes down
to a forged document for payment with
forged evidence of its correctness. So if
the people can prove that it. is forged
■*-' far the allegations of the complaint
with regard to the making of the forgery
will have been sustained. .1.
"With regard to th.- uttering of the for
gery—for the crime of forgery consists of
two acts, making and uttering— the de
mand having been allowed by the Audi
tor, that portion of it containing the Au
ditor's allowance may i" open to objec
tion that no one was injured thereby. But
1. think evidence should go to the jury."
Immediately following the rendering of
the decision the introduction of evidence
going to prove the forgery and thus pav
ing the way for th.- admission of the doc
ument was begun. Hi J. Swords, in whose
name the demand was made, was re
called and swore that he had never
signed th.- paper and that he had never
worked for the Street Department. He
was followed by former Superintendent
ot Streets Ambrose, who explained the
methods in vogue In the office in regard
to' the tiling of demands and of the dis
covery of McGlade' 8 alleged crime.
Thomas .1. Clark testified thai he was
a deputy in the office "i the Superinten
dent of Streets when the bogus demand
was filed and he swore positively that he
had never affixed his signature to the '
forged document. He also testified that
while serving in the Street Department I
he had entire charge of the sewer work ;
and that Swords was never employed in
that department. - ?;-.■■
At the afternoon session more of the
same kind of evidence was Introduced,
but not without objection on the part
of the defendant's counsel, who stub
bornly contested every point. The most
important testimony of the day was the
positive declaration of M. M. Regensbur
ger. a money broker, that the signature
of P. W. McGlade, which appears on the
back of the demand, certifying that
i .
PRINCIPAL AND SOME WITNESSES IN THE McGLAOE TRIAL.
Swords had performed work for the
Street Department in the month of
August, IS9S, for which he was entitled
to JW. was in the handwriting of the de
fendant. The witness testified that lie
was familiar with the writing of Mc-
Glade and produced a number of notes
signed by the defendant at various times
in his presence to compare with the sig
nature on the forged demand. After con
siderable sparring these were, admitted in
evidence. Regensburger is the princi
pal sufferer through the alleged forgeries j
of the defendant, as he cashed a num
ber of tags bearing McGlade's signature
as deputy superintendent of streets, cer
tifying that the bearers had performed
work for the city and the amount of com
pensation to which they were entitled, a
number of which turned out to be bogus.
Harry Piper, who was Chief Deputy
County Clerk three years ago, when Mc-
Glade was appointed to a deputyshlp in
the office of Superintendent Ambrose
was called to the stand to Identify papers
in relation to the appointment and bear
ing his file mark. Piper was troubled
with a defective memory. He could not
swear to McGlade's signature and he was
not quite sure of his own. although he
thought it looked like his writing.
T. B. McGinnls, former deputy clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, was" called to
the stand and swore that his signature
which appears on me bogus demand was
forged. He also testified as to the usual
procedure in passing upon demands com
ing from the Street Department.
John H. Ryan, who has been a clerk
in the office of the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors for the past sixteen years
Hales. | —
j lOTr^ li _rv ' _*■* V ""~^ at name swings over the door of six r
/ fl 3 IW_ S ' of the busiest stores in California. "Good V
\ AAM -lv u 9 goods and "Hales way keeps them f
v busy — six stores in good-natured competition — all buying to- >
gether — often buy a maker's output— pay v cash on the spot — f
C add a quick sale profit — divide the lot among the stores and C
i effect a rapid turnover. "Good goods" and "Hales way' 1 7**
«C make such storekeeping possible. Here's a hint to-day! C
j Some new dress goods. f
•^ EGIDA SUITING— A new creation of the crepe family. A heavy fabric, In I
J crepe effects. The new shades of blue, brown, green, etc.. now 4C**7 CT.II _^
V being Introduced at Suit <P * • W £
_ COLOR DIAGONALS— A swell fabric for the summer gown. Full '"■ 'J^jf? Vw
f wide. 15 of the new shades now ready. Being introduced at iC4»«SO
Vw FANCY COVERT SUITING— swell all-wool fabric for tailor costu~'*V, ■*■■ V'
J inches wide. Full assortment of the new shades. Also pretty for 7rtC tr
£ separate skirts. Being introduced at Yard -'" f
_) Have you seen the new garniture skirting at the lining counter? Comes in
C K-yard pieces with fanev color border for flouncing. Sample skirt on exhibition. r
I Five-yard piece one dollar. i •
S Domestics and the linen store. /
J HEMMED ROLLER TOWELS, ready for use, made of good heavy linen; fine V
Q for the kitchen . J
\. 24 yards long • 2Sc _:£ Cir
j 3 yards long UH eaLn W
jT HEMMED DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, pure white, ready for use. all linen; V/
V neat as ivns. _W
j 2^^^o^:::::::::::::v::^:v:::::v:^v.v::":::::^. g^o each _r
J 2 yards loiut %\*to each I
J J-. yards long £, 00 .„ .„ V
r 2'> yards long r _rv_r*v 1
\ HEMMED NAPKINS. % size, medium quality, good for ordinary C| #QO J
1 use: dozen J
JAPANESE CREPE— 3OOO yards, •M inches wide, in light and medium colors. *
stripe and check pattern and colorings to select from: a beautiful |£jC X
J line: yard
Q DIMITY— 2SOO yards, 27 inches wide, white ground, floral patterns, E_yQ "L^
J dainty effects In desirable colorings: yard "
J NEW COTTON SUITING— 29 inches wide, in pink, lavender, light blue and r
C, gray. dotted pattern and stripes: pretty for outing dresses; similar IKq £
*"X to duck; yard ,wv \
S Art section— lnteresting pricelets. >^
J STAMPED PILLOW. SHAMS. 150 pair. 30x30. all ready to work, pret- IBtf** %
■^^ tily stamped; pair ■ -lT- %__.
J TAMBOUR DOYLIES 6x6 inches, neat little openwork and tambour Jlf_ _^
effects. 288 in the lot; each "■ T
J ENGLISH TORCHON AND MEDICI LACE, 114 to 3 Inches wide, looks K/»
€ like the real lace, English Importation; yard «J»V f
C. That busy bazaar. i
_ SOUP STRAINERS— steel, foot long, like a ladle; ready to-day; K/-» €
J Each *-f\> V
\ AMERICAN SOAP— Olive oil, bars 12 inches long Bar 1 J?C J
1 WASH BASINS— Heavy granite steel, 10 inches across, fine for kitchen Or»
J Each eJ\* V
V TABLE OILCLOTH -45 inches. wide, prettily patterned Yard |e5/-» jff
C 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
and who has personal charge of all de
mands coming from the Street Depart
ment, took the stand and explained that
the demands were brought to the clerk's
office and after they were acted upon by
the board -.he notified, the Street Depart
ment bookkeeper, •■ who took charge of
them, giving a receipt. - *
"Do you know anything about this de
mand?" inquired -Assistant District At
torney Black, handing the witness the
forged document.
"Yes. sir; -that- passed through my
hands," was the reply.
"Have you any record of.it? was the
next question.
"I have." replied the witness, and he
produced a big book and pointed out the
entry referred to. Ryan also testified
that he had delivered a batch of de
mands to McGlade personally, including
the one which forms such an important
feature of the present trial, and had the
defendant's receipt for the same. ' An
other book, containing the receipt, was
produced and both were entered as ex
hibits on the part of the peonle.
At this point Assistant District Attor
ney Black asked for an adjournment, as
one of his principal witnesses. Kytka, the
handwriting expert, was out of the city,
and as his evidence was necessary to
show that signatures of Mediums. Chirk
and Swords were not only forged, but .
that they were forged by McGlade. In
fact, Mr. Black says that Kytka will tes
tify that the entire document, with the
exception of the signatures of the Audi
tor and the members ot the Auditing
Committee of the Board of Supervisors,
was written by McGlade. Judge Cook
continued the case until Monday morning
at 10 o'clock,
Stnrting-Gnte Trouble.
The action of Captain Men 10. Harris
against Joe Harvey, which art-no over a
starting gate In Which both men claim
conflicting Interests, WHS Galled by Judge
Troutt vest onlay, burnt* there wore sev
eral errors In I lie complaint the court
granted the plaintiff loavi* to amend. As
Sunn a a (III* I* den. the null will go to
trial.
Kn«n(-'« •<• r«.<i*««o
Tho win "i the lrtt*-> Fraud* Montague
Monti 11 who died Mrtivh i% leaving prop
erty valued at «b-ut iWV, wan tiled tot
probate yesterday. The estate is devised
In trust to H. J. and C. _. Tilden for the.
benefit of Mrs. Jane N. Montell, widow of
the testator. The will of Marcus Krogh,
who died March 25. was also filed. De
cedent's estate, which is valued at $1000.
is devised to Johanne M. Krogh, deced
ent's widow.
Defrauding the Revenue.
David Green and John Morist were ar
rested Wednesday on a charge of defraud
ing the revenue by neglecting to affix rev
enue stamps to articles sold by them at
the drug store formerly kept by "Waller
Bros. A Deputy Internal Revenue Col
lector bought a bottle of wine unstamped
at the store, and Miss Ida Stanford, ste
nographer in the office of Revenue Agent
Thomas, bought a box of tooth powder,
also unstamped. The prisoners were re
leased on depositing $250 bonds each.
Great bargains in millinery. Murphv'a
Cut Rate Millinery. 1326 Market street. •
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Douglass Creighton of the Hotel Alex
andria, at 781 Sutter street, filed a petition
in insolvency in the United States Dis
trict Court. His liabilities are $14,502 and
his assets $10,736. of which $10,100 is repre
sented by household poods. Edward
Flanagan, iron worker, of this city, filed
a petition setting forth his liabilities at
$601. He has no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN, '*
WEAK WOMEN,
Read This:
Many men and women to-day are wrecks,
without confidence in themselves no
vigor, snap or capability.
VITALISM
Gives wonderful, quick and sure re-
sults. There is satisfaction in it. Elec-
tricity only relieves temporarily; drugs
only irritate. Vitalism cures! Send or
call to-day for lectures and symptom
blanks, which you can fill out and get
advice by mail without charge. Send
or call at once; it costs you nothing.
DR. ROUXEL,
935 Market Street.
Hours— l 2 to 4 and 7toBp. m.
[.I ANOTHER CAR JUST ARRIVED, j'*
m BicvtuEs
$40
I THQS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & lflth, S. F. |
Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings. Eg
-
_^m_ nmv ■ ■ & <£%
'_—fJ__f f^^bk THE NEW
hiD.y. ta_%y^Om -hie 59 CDCIIOU
lir_*r ion. D^y. m^m.'ifj^ tf rn__nunii
YITALIS *» * ZT - E. M ppycnv |
rHUlil (Ts THK ARUVK 30th Day. Ilk ITI |__|l | | (
REMITS. Itqulckl. -surely removes Nervousness. ImpotenrT i
Nightly Emissions, Eril Dreams Wasting Diseases and ail eff.c' A
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lest VltaH-.^
Tower and Failing Memory. Wards '.« Insanity and Consume-
lion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITAI.Is,
DO other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
NT package or six for 95. G0 with a juirsntee to Cure or
..tun I the Money. Circular Free. Address../
<OALI MET ClHfi CO., 884 Dearborn st\ Chirac-
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.