VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 163.
SYRIANS NOW
DECLARE FOR
INDEPENDENCE
Secret Council in New York
Boldly Issues a Call
to Arms.
— -• —
WILL FIGHT TURKEY
— • —
When the Blow Is Struck for Free
dom, Aid Is Expected in All
Pacts of the World.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May Syria was
proclaimed a free and independ
ent state to-day by a revolution
ary party, which for three years
has been secretly at work
throughout the world.
Copies of a call to arms ■re issued
by the thousand from headquarters of j
the secret council, or junta, of this city, j
This revolutionary party has on its j
rolls 25,0' Vi men in this country alone.
who are willing to ficht to free Syria
from the rule of the Sultan of Turkey, j
"Young Syria." as the society is
called, is the result of gradual growth.
The success of the Cubans has inspired
It to take a bold stand. Members say
there will be a very "sick man" in
Europe before lone, for they assert
they will have funds to equip armies
and vessels of war.
The coast lines of Syria, with its
oov» and inlets and neighboring isles,
have been carefully studied •' — a
strategic point of view. The revolu
tionists, they say. have leaders with
naval and military training.
A cents of the junta, directed from
headquarters in this city, are active in
cities' of Syria, in London and in Paris.
Thousands in th* mountainous dis
tricts of Syria are counted upon to
flock to the standard of the liberators.
Al! of the thirty members of the junta
herp had a hand in the preparation of
the call to arms issued to-day. The
proclamation is simply signed "Young
Syria.' - Toward the end of the docu
ment stress is laid upon the assertion
that the revolutionary society known
as "Young Turkey" may lend its co
operation.
When asfceq 'j a similar society ex
isted in Armenia, the president smiled
and asked to be excused from talking
■upon the matter. He frankly said,
however, that in the event of Syrian
uprisings, the Sultan would be so busy
attending to "Young Turkey" that he
would not have time to give much at
tention to "Young Syria." . v
Upon the conditon that his name was
not to be used, and that no description
of his personal appearance be printed,
the president of the junta consented to
give an interview day.
"I am convinced.' said he. "that the
United States is the birthplace of re
publics. Since your country has
brought liberty to Cuba and the Philip
pines I believe that upon American soil
we may form plans for the emancipa
tion of Syria. The conditions of Syria
are terrible. The people are taxed be
yond all reason. Property is subject to
confiscation, and the home is not sa
cred.
"This document is -it a forerunner,
I may say. as others will follow which
phall outline our policy more clearly. I
may say ours will not be a talking
crusad", but one nf actual warfare. We
Fhall have men. ships and money, too.
"Of the hundred thousand and more
Syrians in America, of the many hun
dreds of thousands throughout the
world, as well as millions in our own
land, we shall choose the readiest to
our cause, and the first combined
stroke will be to a finish. And when
the blow falls 'Young Turkey,' which
is as powerfully organized as we, will
give the Sultan's government all it can
attend to at home, while we shall found
on Syrian soil its first great republic,
to be perpetuated there forever."
"A SIMPLE ROMAN
CATHOLIC LAYMAN"
Rev. C.W. de L. Nichols, an Episcopal
Clergyman. Forsakes the Faith
of His Fathers.
NEW YORK. May 11.— The Rev. C. W.
de Lion Nichols to-day severed his con
nection with the Protestant Episcopal
church, profr? P ed the Roman Catholic
faith and was received as a communicant
of St. Stephen'? at the evening mass.
Rev. Mr. Nichols, who is of independ
ent means, Is well known In this city, and
recently has been assistant .tor in St.
Luke's Church. He gave his services
without salary.
Mr. Nichols when seen to-night said:
"For three years T have been studying
■nd debating reasons which have ed me
finally to sever my relations with the
Episcopal church and become a Roman
Catholic. I find that spiritual light which
I sought could 1.c.-: be found for me in
the mother church, and so r resigned my
priestly office in the Episcopal church and
am now a sim; Roman Catholic lay
man."
TWO HUNDRED BUILDINGS
BURNED IN AUSTRIAN TOWN
£ VIENNA, May 11.— In a great fire in. tbe J
5; town of Guera liurr)ora, province of Pu- «
a Kowir>a, 200 buildings, including the prin- "
88 cipal church, the town r)all and otber I?
It public edifices, and all the school-houses, *]
•' were destroyed. »
•8 ■88
5 88 82 83 88 88 83 88 88 '. 88 88 83 88 82 82 82 82 « 8* 82 8* 82 82 83 82 82 88 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 83
The San Francisco Call.
LORD SELBORNE TO
SUCCEED CADOGAN
It Is Reported That the Under Co
lonial Secretary Will Become
Viceroy of Ireland.
NEW YORK, May 11.- cable to the Journal from Dublin says: It is
reported that Lord Selborne will succeed the Earl of Cadogan as Vice
roy of Ireland, in September.
William Waldegrove Palmer, second Earl of Selborne, was born October 17.
1559. He was educated at Winchester and at University College, Oxford. He
was a Justice of the Peace and Count Alderman for Hants, and major Third
Rattalion. Hampshire Regiment. He was private secretary to Mr. Chllders
lvS2-S4. and to his father when Lord High Chancellor. He was appointed Under
secretary of State Jor the Colonies July. 1885, and jiat as member jpf Parlia
ment for Petersrield vision of Hampshire ("L. " T?.) 1 ■'-'"- >2. and for Edinburgh,
W. Division. 1892-15. He was married in 1883 to Lady Beatrice Maud Cecil,
daughter of third Marquis of Salisbury.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
WILL SOON SAIL
VIA SUEZ CANAL
NEW YORK. May 11.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Secretary Long cabled to Ad
miral Dewey to-day authorizing - him
to come home whenever he deemed it
wise to do so. and to return by such
route as he desired. This means that
Admiral Dewey will take the Suez
canal route, and will arrive at New
York about July 15. on board his flag
ship, the Olympia.
The confidence of the officials that
the admiral will not cross the Pacific,
but will come to New York, is based on
dispatches which have been received
from him. In fact, the authority sent
to Admiral Dewey- to start on his re
turn voyage in his discretion is based
on advices received from him to-day by
Secretary Long. These advices are pri
vate, but the Secretary acted promptly
upon them, and It is apparent from the
cablegram sent to the admiral that the
situation admits of his departure at
this time. ' • ■-/'■ .
It was said by an official with whom
1 talked this afternoon that it was his
expectation that the admiral will start
for home in a very few days. Though
ordered home Admiral Dewey will re
main a member of the Philippine Com
mission until its dissolution and will
act in an advisory capacity to the
President upon his arrival.
FINDLAY WILL NOT
FIGHT EXTRADITION
San Luis Obispo Embezzler to Vol
untarily Return From
Peru.
Ppecjal Cable to The Call and the Now Turk
Herald Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru. May 11.— Samuel Find lay,
who was arrested here on a chars of
having embezzler! public funds In San
Luis Obispo "County, California, has
waived examination proceeding and de
clares he will return to California volun
tarily. He hopes thereby to ohtain
greater clemency.
Findlay was formerly Tax Collector of
San Luis Obispo County, and disappeared
on November 17. IS9$. He Is alleged to
have embezzled between $12,000 and $15,000
SAN FRANCISCO, FEIDAY, MAY 12, 1899.
GERMANS WHO
RIDICULE THE
CONFERENCE
BERLIN, May 11.— Tageblatt to
day publishes the result of an investi
gation among a number of leading
German professors relative to the sub
ject of the peace conference which be
gins next week at The Hague. The
majority of those interviewed express
the belief that the conference will be
without practical importance. Pro
fessor Mommsen. the jurist and his
torian, and Professor Kuno Yischer,
professor of philosophy in Heideiburg
University, ridicule the conference.
Professor La Baud says that he ex
pects no material results. Professor
Westerkanfpf expresses the opinion
that such a conference ran have no re
sults before public opinion the world
over. He indorses the principle of in
ternational arbitration.
LONDON, May 11. — Sir Julian
Paunceforte, the Embassador of Great
Britain to the United States and one of
the British delegates to the peace con
ference at The Hague, had a confer
ence to-day with President Seth Low
and Captain A. T. Mahan, members of
the American delegation. This afternon
F. W. Rolls, secretary of the American
commission, visited A. J. Balfour, the
Government leader in the House of
Commons._
PROBABLE PERSONNEL
OF ITALY'S NEW CABINET
Marquis Visconti Venosta Has Ac-
cepted the Foreign Office
;: V ■ Portfolio.
ROME. May 11.— Although the composi
tion of the reconstruction Cabinet has
not yet been officially announced, it is
considered that the Ministerial crisis is
practically over. This evening Marquis
Visconti Venosta notified General Pellouz
of his acceptance of the Foreign Office
portfolio.
The new Ministry may probably be
made up as follows:
Premier and Minister of Interior, Lieu
tenant General Luigi Pelloux, Senator,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Marquis
Emilio Visconti Venosta, Senator.
Minister of War, Lieutenant General
G. Mirri, comander of the Sixth Army
Corps and the Bologna Military Division.
Minister of Marine. Rear Admiral G. B.
Bettolo, commander of the Levant squad
ron.
Minister of Public Works. Signor Pietro
Lagava. Deputy.
Minister of Public Instruction, Dr.
Guido Baccelli, Deputy.
Minister of the Treasury, Professor
Paolo Bozelli, Deputy,
Minister of Finance, Signor Antonio
Salandra. Deputy.' i . . , ".
CUBAN STEVEDORES ON STRIKE.
They Want More Wages and Tie Up
the Ships.
HAVANA. May More than seven
| hundred Cuban stevedores are out on
' strike and the. work on ships in the harbor
jls being done by. Chinese under police
guard. The stevedores had been receiving
25 cents an hour, and they are striking for"
■an increase of 10 cents. Many vessels are
delayed by the strike and the boats due to
leave to-morrow . will not be able to sail
I before next week. -, : . ;
PLACES THE
BLAME ON
THE CONSUL
Kautz Holds German Official
Responsible for Samoan
Troubles.
— * —
COMMISSION'S WORK
. — « —
Man Taken From San Diego as a
Steward on the Philadelphia
Said to Have Been a Spy.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 11.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Secre
tary Long will make public to-morrow
or Saturday the mail report received
from Rear Admiral Kautz, describing
the fighting which occurred on April 1.
during which Lieutenant P. V. Lans
dale. Ensign John R. Monaghan and
two enlisted men of the American navy
were killed.
Rear Admiral Kautz has also for
warded to the department copies of all
proclamations he ! has issued, which
have been transmitted to the date De
partment for its satisfaction.
There is reason to believe that
Kautz places the entire responsibility
for the trouble upon the German Con
sul, aided and abetted by certain Ger
mans residing in Samoa.
The high commission will under its j
instructions make an investigation of j
Kautz's conduct, as well as others tak
ing part in the controversy, and place
the blame where it properly belongs, in |
order that the home governments may
take proper action.
SAN DIEGO, May 11.— E. E. Clark 'of
this city, who is in the engineering de
partment aboard the United States
steamship Philadelphia, writes to his
father, John Clark, from Apia, under
date of April 19, saying:
"There was a fellow shipped at San
Diego as a steward. He was a Ger
man, and when he got here he went I
ashore '<< buy groceries, but never
came back. They sa^' he was a snj;_.
A i eaman named St ef ?r says he saw
the deserter in a tight our tncn n id
with the rebels, and shot him. He says
he is sure of it. and most of the fel
lows aboard believe him."
TROUBLE- GROWING -AMONG
THE FREIGHT HANDLERS
The Strike at Buffalo Rapidly Assum- I
ing a More Serious Aspect.
BUFFALO. N. V., May 11.— The strike !
among the members of the Freight
handlers' Union at this port is gradually |
assuming a serious aspect. There are
about 2000 of these men pledged not to I
work for any contractor, and many of
these men are now on strike. Originally i
a few of them went out in sympathy with I
the graln-shovelers, and to-night it is be- j
lieved that in case the scoopers gain their
point they will remain out until their dif
ferences have been satisfied.
Several managers of transportation
lines said to-day that if the contractors
did not speedily demonstrate their ability
to do the work of loading and unloading
freight-boats they would be compelled to
devise other means of relieving the con
gestion of traffic at the port.
At the Lehigh Valley docks the com
\ pany called in a lot of yard men and
other employes to take the lace of the
strikers, At the Central. Erie and other
big docks the work was practically at
a standstill, the few freight-handlers
who were at work being non-union men.
The freight-handlers demand an in
crease of wages from 2". cents an
hour, the present rate, to 30 cents an
hour for work outside of the freight
houses, and 20 cents an hour for inside
work. They also ask for the abolition of :
the contract system.
WOMEN MAY BE
CATHOLIC KNIGHTS
Sudden and Overwhelming Reversal
of the Vote by Which They
Were Excluded. :
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 11.— The con
troversy of ten years' standing was set- !
tled by the Catholic Knights of America
to-day when the delegates meeting here
In annual convention voted to admit
women to the order. Yesterday the reso
lution proposing this change in the con
stitution was voted down, failing by
thirty-four votes to receive the necessary
two-thirds majority. To-day there was
a complete change of front. At this af
ternoon's session reconsideration of yes
terday's action was moved and carried,
and a vote was retaken without debate.
The result was the surprising total of
432 votes In favor of the women to 29
against. The convention greeted the
result with tremendous applause.
The Illinois delegates voted solidly
against the women, casting twenty-seven
votes. The other negative votes were
from South Carolina and Wisconsin.
Though women will be admitted under
the amended constitution, they will be
permitted to carry but $1000 insurance, or
half the amount that is allowed to men.
Women will be permitted to Join between
the ages of IS and 40 years.
BISHOP POTTER MAY
ORDAIN DR. BRIGGS
Uncertainty Deepens as the Day Set
Apart for the Ceremony Ap
proaches.
NEW YORK. May 11. — Uncertainty
deepens as the day approaches which was
originally set for the ordination of Dr.
Briggs. Opponents of the clergyman have
been firm in the belief that his ordination
will he indefinitely postponed. To-day,
however, there were developed indications
which Dr. Briggs' friends said appeared
to point to a determination on the part
of Bishop Potter to proceed with the cere
mony. Rev. Dr. Huntington of Grace
Church hinted that he had information
regarding the intentions of Bishop Potter,
but was not at liberty to make them pub
lic. In an editorial the Churchman. Bish
op Potter's official mouthpiece, to-day
says: • ; .:'-' i •■• '-...?-
The church cannot be expected to pledge her
self to acquisitions of all kinds of, scientific in
vestigation. Scientific Bible study, is really an
evidence of growth of religious feeling, not of
Its decline. Archaeologists and critics are do
ing heroic work in making, the Bible sources
and Bible contents more intelligible every day.
Machinery, and administration of church life of
our day should not be used to hamper progress
of research and carry us off from the pathway
of truth to the byways of obscuration and
prejudice.' ---•_--■
CHURCH BUILT FROM
ONE IMMENSE TREE
SANTA ROSA, May 11.— In the
golden jubilee of the Baptist
churches of California, which is
to take place in San Francisco on
May 24. the Santa Rosa organi
zation will play an important part. The
church here is next to the oldest in the
State. The Baptist State Convention
was organized here in 3 53. The serv
ices were held under the spreading
branches of a mammoth oak upon the
old Henry Hudson place, near town. A
number of relics of the occasion and
action connected with the early his
tory of the church in this S' .te will be
sent to San Francisco for exhibition
during the jubilee.
CRIMES FIGURE
IN THF SMITH
DIVORCE CASE
-NEW YORK, May IL— lncidental to
an action for divorce brought by-
Charles G. Smith, manufacturer of
lamps, against his wife, Dora H. Smith,
in which charges of misconduct are
made by each against the other, appear
many sensational features, such as at
tempted murder and suicide, threats to
kill and several love epistles. *
The features of the case became pub
lic to-day when the wife made an ap
plication for her support and mainte
nance, and for the appointment of a
commission to go to Los Angeles, Cal.,
to take evidence there. The motions
were submitted to Judge Scott in the
Supreme Court, the decision being re
served.
The marriage of the Smiths took
place in Boston in 1885. They have two
children twins— who are invalids. A
separation occurred several years ago
because they could not agree, and
Smith- stipulated to pay his wife $60
monthly. She has been keeping a
boarding-house since her husband left
her. He says she has been intimate
with William H. Short and Arthur
Waldo Lewis, but Mrs. Smith declares
that these charges are unfounded arid
nothing but the outcome of a con
spiracy against her. and that the char
acter of these men is such that, the
charges should not be believed.
Mrs. Smith tells an interesting nar
rative through her counsel of the man
ner in which she discovered her hus
band's relations with Mrs. Bessie Stan
ley of Los Angeles. Her story is based
in part from facts that she obtained
from her husband's diary, which was
sent to her fiom the Chief of Police of
Los Angeles, and from clippings from
newspapers of that city of April 2*l and
27. 1895. These reports show that
Charles H. Stanley shot his wife Bes
sie and immediately afterward com
mitted suicide as she had threatened to
leave him. They also stated that
Charles G. Smith, whom Mrs. Smith
says is her husband, had induced Mrs.
Stanley to leave her husband, and had
made many extensive and extravagant
presents to her.
At the time Stanley committed sui
cide Mrs. Smith says Smith left Los
Angeles so hurriedly that he left behind
his baggage and some personal effects,
including his diary, and pocketbook.
These were taken care of by the police
Smith made good his escape and his
effects, at her request, were sent on to
her. She charges that her husband
came East with a woman whom she
believes to be Mrs. Stanley, and that
they lived for some time in Brooklyn.
When she accused him of being one of
the persons concerned in the Los An
geles affair she says he admitted that
he was. but told her that he was not
aware that the woman was married.
Counsel for Smith introduced an affi
davit denying that he had been guilty
of improper conduct with Mrs. Stanley,
or that he had given her money and
presents.
RUMORED APPOINTMENTS
MADE BY THE GOVERNOR
Include San Jose Normal School Trus
tees and Agnews Asylum
Manager.
RAN JOSE. May 11.— It is rumored here
that Governor Gage to-day appointed
George Sweigert and Dr. H. C. Brown of c»
this city. Frank Short of Fresno and -.
Leavitt of Oakland trustees of the San *°
Jose State Normal School and A. 8?
Greeninger of this city as manager of j.
Agnews Asylum. .
THOSE BLUEFIELDS CLAIMS. jft
Minister Merry Awaiting the Action *.
of the Nicaraguan Government. \
WASHINGTON, May 11.— United States a
Minister Merry has further advised the * J
State Department respecting the claims 88
of American merchants at Bluefields to 5?
exemption from double payment of cus- _~
toms taxes. He reports that the entire *°
amount of money Involved in the dispute 88
is about $19,000, and that he is now await- c«
ing the further presentation of the Nica- „
raguan Government in the case. ft
The church in Santa Rosa was organ
ized in 1852. Its present edifice in this
city has become famed the world over
from the fact that every stick of lum
ber, including even "he -"tir-les used
in its construction, was cut from one
tree. So large was this giant of the
forest that the lumber from its body
not only r ---ucted the entire church
building, which is a large one, but
when the work was completed there re
mained on hand more than 1200 feet of
lumber that had not bee used. Of the
charter members of the Santa Rosa de
nomination Robert Crane of this city
is the only one now living.
HEAVY LOSS
BY FIRE AT
SAN PEDRO
SAN PEDRO. May 11.— The most ex
tensive fire that San Pedro has experi
enced in years occurred here early this
morning. A half-square of buildings
was laid waste and two or more per
sons narrowly escaped with their lives.
The burned district lies west of Beacon
street and north of Sixth street. It
extends from the corner of those two
thoroughfares, but floes not cross either.
The conflagration started at about 2
o'clock this morning. How it began
does not appear to be definitely known,
but according to several accounts there
was an explosion, which probably oc
curred on the lower floor of the Herald
building, which stood on Sixth street, a
short distance from Beacon. As soon
as the persons who heard the explosion
could reach the place it was all aflame
and beyond saving. There was a high
wind from the northeast, which aided
in the spread of the flames.
The Fire Department, a volunteer or
ganization, turned out and fought the
fire, but the water supply was soon re
duced to an alarmingly low pressure,
an-' it was apparent that the district
was doomed. The flames communicated
to the two-story Crocker building on
Sixth street and the Crocker building
on Beacon street. The two-story build
ing owned by Benjamin Weston went
next. Two- small residences were con
sumed.
The losses are estimated at $16,000,
with about $8000 insurance. The two
story building owned by James Herald
was insured for $2750. The ground floor
of the building was occupied by M.
Mayer's saloon. He carried no insur
ance. The upper floor was occupied by
Its. Sylvester and J. S. G. Waltney.
Their loss is $1000; Insurance $400. Dr.
Wilson, on the same Boor, lost $500; in
surance, $400. Another two-story
building owned by Mr. Herald was
occupied by J. M. Brysen as a saloon.
He carried $1000 and saved nothing.
Herald's one-story building was occu
pied by Putney's hardware shop. Part
of the stock was saved. The loss on
H. A. Crocker's two-story building is
$5000: insurance, $1950. It was occupied
by Proch's restaurant. His loss is $710;
no insurance. Real & Jones, grocers,
lost $1200; insurance, $600. Ben Weston's
building was valued at $1000; no insur
ance. It was occupied by Hixson's
hardware store. His loss was $1500; in
surance, $1000. ' '____
THE MISSION OF MAJOR
MARCHAND TO FASHODA
Government Charged With Having
Sent Him There to
Fail.
PARIS, May 11.— In the Petit Journal
Maurice Barras accuses the Government
of haying originally sent Major March
and to Fashoda only to have the appear
ance of acting, and of having hoped that
he would not succeed. He says: "When
Captain Barratier brought Major March
and's dispatches to Paris, M. del Cas«;e
(Foreign Minister.! said to him: 'When
you found yourselves in the presence of
a superior force you should have with
drawn.'
"Captain Barratier replied, 'Monsieur
military honor!'
"M del Casse shrugged his shoulders
and Captain Barratier bowed and retired
The next day the Foreign Minister in
vited Captain Barratier to luncheon, but
the latter declined."
POPE LEO DECLARES FOR
A UNIVERSAL JUBILEE
88
ft
ROME, May 11.— The Pope this morning handed to Mgr. Marini a 8?
bull declaring a universal jubilee in the year 1900. The bull was after- 55
ward promulgated according to custom, in the vestibule of St. Peter's, ft
where Mgr. Dellaquila read it aloud in the present of the prelates and gj
an enormous audience. The bull was then affixed to the doors of the c .
_ -*'■■->'. ""*'/' : ' '■ • : -- v ■-■*. *■ ' •o
basilica. _.
838888 88 85 85 888888888838888888 83 83 88 88888888 88 8888 88 88 88 88 888888JS1-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
INTENDS TO
SURROUND THE
INSURGENTS
General Otis Completes Plans
for the Master Stroke of
the Campaign.
— • —
WILL TRAP AX ARMY
— ♦ —
It Is Proposed to Capture 10,000
Filipinos Now Intrenched
at. Bacolor.
— ♦
, Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦-♦■ ♦♦-♦-♦- -♦-> ♦♦♦♦♦-♦-♦•♦<♦-♦-♦•
♦ NEW YORK. May 11.— A ♦
I special to the World from Hot i
+ ■ Springs, Va., says: "Force the +
i fighting; penetrate far into *
♦ the interior and capture or de- -*-
T stroy every warring Filipino."
+- That is the pith of a long -♦■
"*" cipher cablegram President +
+ McKinley sent to General Otis +
-♦- at Manila to-day. It was +
♦ prompted by several dis- +
-♦- patches from General Otis, -*■
i transmitted by Secretary Al-
4- ger, which greatly encouraged -*■
T the President.
4- * >
♦ ♦♦;♦,♦>♦♦> ♦+++ 4-f ♦ ♦♦»♦♦♦♦- ♦
NEW YORK, May 11.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: I learned
that General Otis has practical
ly completed preparations for a
movement, which if successful will be
the master stroke of the campaign
against the insurgents.
Reinforcements have been sent to
General Mac Arthur, who is disposing
his troops, and General Lawton has
moved his column from Ballinag and
Maasin to a strategic position. Th
whole purpose of these movements is
to surround the 10.000 insurgents . be
lieved to be intrenched at Bacolor,
crush the organized forces and make
prisoners of all who are not killed in
battle.
Bacolor is southwest of San Fernan
do, where General Mac Arthur's head
quarters are established, and is cm the
line of the railroad. It is connected
with San Fernando by a wagon road.
Ma. -Arthur is expected to send a col
umn to the west of Bacolor. retaining
his main position on the north, and
General Law ton is believed to have
moved his column so as to protect
communication with Manila and at the
same time flank the insurgents at Ba
color on the east.
General Luna's command, which wai
last reported at Mexico, can be taken
care of, it is thought, by a few troops
making a demonstration in their front.
It is because of the necessity of hav
ing a strong force for this present
movement that General Otis has not
withdrawn the volunteers from Mac-
Arthur's and Lawton's command pre
paratory to shipping them home.
As a result of the arrival of the
Twenty-first Infantry and Light Bat
tery E of the First Artillery, thirty
nine officers and 1451 enlisted men in
all, it has been possible for General
Otis to send reinforcements to General
Mac Arthur, and at the same time
maintain a sufficiently strong force at
Manila to prevent the insurgents to the
southward from trying to carry it by
assault.
An encouraging feature of the pres
ent movement is the fact that to the
southward the. inhabitants are friendly
to Americans, and on the Rio Grande
there are a number of army gun
boats, which will be useful in main
taining communication and at the same
time attacking any insurgent bodies
that may come within range of their
guns.
"It is because of the preparations for
the proposed movement," said a prom
inent official with whom I talked to
day, "that we have had little news
from General Otis. President Schur
man has not cabled the State Depart
ment since his message of last Friday,
but we suppose that he and his col
leagues have held further conferences
with Aguinaldo's emissaries regarding
the government which will be given to
the Filipinos. With the insurgent army
at Bacolor destroyed and its members
captured. Aguinaldo and his subordi
nates will no doubt be more eager to
obtain the concessions the United
States is willing to give them than they
now appear to be." •
— — +—
WHEN VOLUNTEERS WILL
RETURN FROM PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. May 11.— In reply to
the cable of Adjutant General Corbin last
night in regard to the return of volun
teers General Otis cabled this morning:
MANILA! May IL— Adjutant General. Wash
ington: The volunteers who will be first to re
turn are now at Negros and forty-five miles
from Manila at the front. It is exacted that
th» transports now arriving will take the re
turning volunteers. The latter understand that
they will begin to leave for the United States
the latter part of the month. They know the
importance of their presence here at this time.2
and nccert the sacrifice which the Unite*
States' interests make imperative-.
The Hancock is now entering the harry*.
The transports rr-turn!nK this week carry Kick
anil wounded men. ["he Pennsylvania and St»
Paul are not needed longer in southern water*,
where they have been retained, hence Jheie
dispatch. The transports Nelson and Cleve
land brought freight and will return Wthoul
cargo. OTIS.
The Hancock, which General Otis re
ports as entering the harbor, sailed from
San Francisco April i . carrying the
Twenty-first Infantry and Light Battery
E. First Artillery— all 39 officers and
1451 enlisted men. Colonel Jacob Kline of
the Twenty-first infantry commanding.
A later dispatch from General Otis says:
MANILA, May 11.— Adjutant General. Wash
ington: Health conditions of the troops which
arrived on the Hancock nre excellent. There
were two deaths en route, those of Privates
Dio K. Jcnes and Elmi H. Chevalier, Com
panies It and K. Twenty-flri't Infantry, occur
ring on April 24 and 26. OTIS.
Still another cablegram was received as
I follows:
MANILA. May 11.— Adjutant General. Wash
gton: The situation is as follow Have,
loeeeded in passing the . : my Eunboats to
ilumpit for use in the Rio .Grande. Hallway
mnections with that point were secured this
eek. The passage of the gunboats through
ie Maeabebe country was hailed with joyful
imonstr&tions by the Inhabitants. In the.
njntry passed over by the troops a temporary
vil administration was Inaugurated and pro
'tlon to inhabitants against insurgent abuses
yen as far as possible. Signs of insurgent
sintegration are dally manifested. The ob
acles which the natural features of the coun
y present can be overcome. OTIS.
The cables from General Otis were grat
ying to the officials of the AVar Depart
ent. The portions of the dispatch in re
ird to the situation not made public re
te. it is said, to prospective movements. |
Ie dispatch in regard to the return of the '
oops . indicates that the- volunteers are
aking no clamor to be semi home but
see the necessity of remaining until they
can be relieved by the- regulars now" on'
their way or to he scut to Manila as soon
as they can be shipped. General Otis says
the troops to be sent first are in the
island of Negros. and at the front. He.
no doubt means the California Regiment;
which is probably in Ncgros. ■;':,.. ire- :
gon Regiment, now with General Lawton
somewhere in the vicinity of Maasin.
NO MORE TROOPS TO
GO VIA SUEZ CANAL
WASHINGTON, May 11. The War De
partment will not send an} more troops |
to Manila by way of New York and the '<
Suez anal. All troops now under orders |
for Manila or to *be ordered there during I
the next few months will be sent by way ,
of San Francisco. it is expected that j
the Grant and Sherman, now at San |
Francisco, and the Sheridan, which will I
soon arrive there, will carry all the '
troops that will be needed In the Phil- j
ippinep. Nor is it the intention at pres- |
ent to make the Logan, Meade and the j
Thomas a pan of the Pacific transport |
fleet. These ships will be refitted as j
soon as they can be spared from service '
In the West Indies. They are owned by
the Government, and with others will be
converted into the best army transports, ■
in accordance with plans announced long
ago, when it became apparent that army
transports wotiid lie needed for several
years to come. It is believed by the
quartermaster's department that nearly
four months will be required to put the
ships in first-class condition.
Secretary Alger says It will be quite |
three months before the ships are read;. i
for service, and he does not Intend to I
make any order now respecting their
movements at that time, but added that i
no troops would be either sent or re
turned to the United States by way of the
Sue?. canal at present. The health of the
troops would be endangered by going i
through the Indian Ocean and along the ;
equatorial latitudes during the summer. |
HARRISON GRAY OTIS
PRAISES VALOR OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, May 11. _. Adjutant
General Corbin to-day made public the
report of General Harrison Gray Otis,
commanding the First Brigade, Second
Division, Eighth Army Corps, giving the
details of operations in the Philippines
from the Ist to the 33 st of March. The
brigade participated In the movement
againsl Malolos, which occupied several
days of fighting. In concluding the re
port General Otis says:
Thus, alter arduous and brilliant campaign
by the Second Division, supported by other
troops, lasting seven days and Involving fre
quent combats, numerous casualties among
our troops and heavy losses by the enemy,
Malolos, the recent capital of the so-called
Filipino "revolutionary" government, fell be
fore the American arms.
It is my grateful duty to commend the of
ficers and men for their bearing throughout
the campaign. They have shown in an emi
nent degree the qualities of good soldiers —
obedience, discipline, endurance, courage,
steadiness, patriotism and the most magnifi
cent ardor in battle. The regimental com
manders—Colonel Harry C. Kessler, First Mon
tana Infantry; Colonel Frederick Funston,
Twentieth Kansas Infantry, and Major W. A.
Knobbe, commanding the two battalions of
the Third United States Artillery (serving as
Infantry)— have again proved In actual field
service their capacity and fitness for their re
sponsible posts, and their skill and gallantry
under fire. I again recommend them and each
of them for such special mark of distinction
as the commanding general and the War De
partment may be pleased to confer upon them
"on their merits."
It is my grievous task to have to report that
the casualties of the brigade during the seven
days of operations, particularly described in
this report, aggregate 136 in killed and wound
ed, thus swelling the brigade's total casualties
in battle since the outbreak of the rebellion
to 285, or considerably more than 10 per cent
of the average strength of the command ac
tually engaged In the campaign from first to
last.
• < —
RECKLESS BRAVERY
OF AMERICAN TROOPS
CHICAGO. May 11.— Captain Frank F.
Eastman of the Fourteenth United States
Infantry arrived in Chicago to-day. He
left Manila April 3 on sick leave, being
one of the passengers on the transport
Sherman, which arrived in San Francisco
April 30. He is on his way to rejoin his
family in Massachusetts. In an interview
he said:
People In this country' who talk about the
war on the part of the Filipinos being for in
dependence do not know what they are talk
ing about. It is a war by a few scheming,
(■elfish leaders, who have resorted to desperate
methods to secure a following. Not only have
they lied and misrepresented in every possible
manner, but they also have resorted to In
timidation to keep their forces together. The
threat of death has been held up as the fate
of any who refuse longer to fight the Ameri
cans. Even to # counsel peace was to Invite
positive death.
The Filipinos are bravo, but they lack the
qualities the American soldier possesses. Their
marksmanship is wretchedly poor and they
are poorly officered. If they had been good
marksmen, the mortality In our ranks would
have been something frightful, for our troops
have been exceedingly reckless in the man
ner in which they have exposed themselves In
battle. This accounts largely for fatalities
which have come to them. Time and time
again, when a. good cover was offered our
men would stand up In the open and calmly
pick out their men. Of course, this Is brav
ery, but it has been the cause of many deaths
Had we been opposed by a foe skilled in the
use of firearms, I tremble to think what ou
death lists would have been. At the same
time, this reckless courage has gone a long
way toward terrifying and demoralizing the
Filipinos.
The volunteers have shown the most superb
courage. It Is needless to say what the regu
lars are. They can always be counted on to
do whatever is asked of them, and have proved
themselves to be the best soldiers J- the world
In my opinion the war Is nearly over, and
within a month peace will be established in
Luzon.
FILIPINOS PROTEST
AGAINST ATROCITIES
NEW YORK. May 11.— A cable to the
Sun from London says: A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Rome says that the
heads of .religious orders in the Philip- j
pines have sent an address to the Pope
protesting against the atrocities which '
they allege the American soldiers commit !
on the natives.
"Never was there such a brutal war," '
says the address, adding "the hatred of
the United States will live forever in the
hearts of Filipinos."
PATERNO WANTS TO
TREAT WITH AMERICANS
NEW YORK, May 11.— A cable to the
Sun from Manila says: Senor Paterno
has declined to accept the proffered presi
dency of the Filipino Cabinet until the
native Congress, which is now in special
RABBI TO OCCUPY
DR. SINK'S PULPIT
Ip Return the CongregatioQal
Pastor Will Preach in
a Synagogue.
9 STOCKTON, May 11.— A remarkable exemplification of the growth C
& of liberalism in the churches will occur here on the evening of the 26th £
£, Inst., when Rev. Reuben H. Sink, the pastor of the First Congregational *
i^ Church, will preach In the Jewish Synagogue at the regular service. On «
v the Sunday evening following Rabbi Taber will speak in Dr. Sink's £
£, church. Both divines arc loyal to their creeds and ere popular with £
»'* their people. Both congregations approve of the Innovation, and the i
& . regular audiences will be largely increased. The clergymen have not _
*- announced their subject- yet, but the Hebrew doctor says that in the <•
j; truths of Israel will be found appropriate study for Christians, and the $
& Christian minister believes the Jewish people are In sympathy with tin v
•" aims of his gospel for the general uplifting of humanity. The discourses ?
> will undoubtedly provoke- widespread discussion. . s
<»•:•%•: - r ,<:-%o%o%o?..*c o%o% &!*as;o!*o Ji^O!iO!io;io*;o . <■%•: *-.v\ov:'\o\*
session at San Isidro, authorizes him to
treat with the Americans.
DREYFUS HOLDS OUT
AGAINST HUNTINGTON
r
One Man's Attitude Prevents the
i Building of the Ellwood
- Surf Line.
SANTA BARBARA. May 11.—Superin
tendent of Construction G. W. Boschi said
to The Call correspondent to-day that he
had reoelved orders from the Southern
Pacific officials to prepare to leave his
i wor ( k on the Eilwood-Surf line and go to
( Oxnard. the scene of the railroad con
struction In Ventura County. Mr. Boschi
j said that some time ago he received or
ders to obtain more wagons and mules
: for his work between Ellwood and Surf.
To-day orders came to obtain only such
wagons and teams as he would need for
1 his work at Oxnard. He Bays the stum
: Ming block is Louis G. Dreyfus, through
whose property the road must run for a
j short distance.
Mr. Boschi says he has a letter in his
; possession written by Dreyfus in which
the latter warns the contractors not to
enter his property and not "even tie a
j horse to any of bis fences." Dreyfus also
addressed a letter to Contractors Ramish
and Marsh, making similar threats. The
; Southern Pacific Company now holds
i deeds for a right of way through the
Dreyfus property, but by the new survey
the line has been changed, going a con
siderable distance from the Old line.
While the old right of way mad.' a line
between Dreyfus' house and barn, the
new line does not in any way affect the
value of the property. Dreyfus will not
consent to sell the right of way without
including several conditions which will
ft. abb him to have a hold on the com
pany.
Superintendent Boschi is prepared to go
t<; < Krard with his force of surveyors
There twenty miles of road will be built,
making the main line go through Oxnard. j
Rumors are afloat this evening that
Huntington has orders. .1 the won, stopped
completely. .The right of way committee
has written to Huntington that if lie w'll
ex -. .-c n little J patience :t will „<ak_ an
effort to secure from Mr. Dreyfus a set
tlement s.itisfactoiy to the company.
AGUIRRE TO SUCCEED
WARDEN HALE AT ONCE
Governor Announces That an Imme
diate Change Will Be Made at
San Quentin.
LOS ANGELES, May 11.— The informa
tion that Martin J. Aguirre, Governor
Gage's choice for Warden of San Quen
tin Penitentiary, will assume the position
to-morrow comes direct from the Gover
: nor himself through Deouty District At
torney Frank Willis, who returned from
Sacramento to-day. Willis says that In
a conversation with Mr. Gage the Gov
ernor said this important change would
be made, as Aguirre is now at the capi
tal. It is said Hale, owing to sickness
and overwork, has requested the Board
of Prison Directors to meet at once and
appoint his successor*.
The appointment of N. P. Conrey as a
Trustee of the Los Angeles Normal
School has given rise to widespread com
ment among politicians. Conrey has not
the favor of Burns, whose voice is gen
erally supreme In the matter of State ap-
E ointments. During the session of the
Legislature Conrey voted consistently for
Senator Bulla, who was generally re
garded by the Burns contingent as one
of the chief stumbling blocks in the path
of the colonel. Politicians say that the
appointment of Conrey is generally re
garded as an effort to hold out the olive
branch to Senator Bulla, who Is said to
feel keenly the loss of the Code Commis
sionershlp. Through Conrey, Senator
Bulla has been able to control a great
deal of Normal School patronage.
RISKED A DUCKING TO
SEE THE NASHVILLE
Panic Among the Patriotic Waiting
for a Chance to See the
Gunboat.
ST. LOUIS, May 11.— A vast concourse
of people filled the levee from 10 o'clock
this morning until 5 o'clock In the after
noon eagerly awaiting an opportunity to
be ferried out to the gunboat Nashville,
anchored in midstream. The privilege of
transportation had been granted to but
one ferry company. In order that the
Nashville might not be overcrowded.
This company's wharf boat was
jammed. At noon the jam was Increased.
Suddenly a small child was pushed off
the wharf Into the river. Instantly a
policeman followed and as the water was
shallow the child was soon rescued. The
excitement, however, caused a panic and
several men were shoved over the edge
of the wharf. They waded out. At least
twenty-five women fainted and were In
danger of being trampled, but the police
succeeded In carrying every one out of
the Jam. Nobody was injured. Several
children fell Into the water during the
day, but were rescued before they got
beyond their depth.
MISS EGAN NOT GUILTY
OF ATTEMPTED MURDER
Shoshone Reservation Teacher Who
Drew a Revolver Is
Acquitted.
WINNEMUCCA. New. May 11.— United
States Commissioner Archer this after
noon dismissed the charge of attempt to
commit murder against Miss Anna C.
Egan, Dr. Meriwlther and Frank Carson.
The court held that there was no evi
dence whatever against Carson. In regard
to Miss Egan, had she wished to In
jure Indian Agent Mayhugh or Meyers
she had every opportunity to do so. Merl
wither. Judge Archer said, had done what
any other man would have done under
the circumstances. When he appeared
upon the scene he found Miss Egan and
his wife confronted by two men with re
volvers in their hands. Being unarmed,
the most natural thing for him to do was
to take the pistol from Miss Egan's hand
and defend the women with it. Tho
charges were accordingly dismissed. The
decision gives general satisfaction.
THROUGH THE TRESTLE
INTO SPANGLERS RUN
NEWCASTLE, Pa., May 11.— A con
struction train on the Pittsburg and
Western Railroad, near Waupau, Pa.,
went through a trestle Into Spanglers
Run, eighty feet below, this morning.
Two men were killed and six injured.
THE KILLED.
WILLIAM WALCOTT. brake'man.
UNKNOWN HUNGARIAN.
The' injured : Even Brosche, Peter Ben
nett. Mike Vopin. Peter Milich, Mike
Vadowitch, John Slorsche.
The Injured 'were brought to the New
castle Hospital. Several, It is thought,
will die. The trestle was a temporary
structure.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 12,-1899.
BEING MADE THE
TOOL OF ENGLAND
Dr. Goebe! on This Na
\ tion's Policy.
— • — .
A GERMAN-AMERICAN'S VIEW
— « —
VIGOROUS PROTEST AGAINST
IMPERIALISM.
Talking to Stanford Students, the
Professor Bitterly Denounces
the Course of Great
Britain.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 11. -
Dr. Goebel of the German department
this evening delivered a lecture to the
students on "The German-American Pro
test Against Imperialism." He said:
The question whether the German-American
has a right to be heard in the political coun
cils of our country was answered by a his
torical review of the essential part which
German-Americans have played In the up
building of the rrpublio and in the develop
ment of American civilization. Thus it is
little known that from the ranks of the early
German settlers came, In 1688, the first pro
test against eholdlng ever made In Amer
ica. German-Americans participated, in large
numbers. In the wars of the revolution and
the rebellion. Their greatest influence upon
American civilization they have exerted
through their peaceful efforts in the fields of
Industry, social life, music, art and education.
Who, in the face of these facts, dare call our
civilization an Anglo-Saxon civilization? At
the beginning of our century the leadership In
the highest spheres of human thought and ac
tivity went to Germany. Thousands of en
lightened Americans looking for knowledge and
Inspiration have gone to tne German universi
ties and not to the fossilized institutions of
Oxford and Cambridge. The only contribution
to our civilization which England, in recent
years, claims to have found and which she
is so eager to have us accept is imperialism.
A history of the growth of the idea of
imperialism was given, and it was. shown
how a religious and mythic element was
gradually added to British desire for
colonial expansion. For a sober and truly
religious mind there is nothing more dis
gusting than the blasphemous attempt to
make religion thus the cloak for covering
British selfishness, the true aim of which
always was to rule and plunder her colo
nies. But the uneducated masses, the re
ligious fanatics and th. weak-minded jin
goes of our country believed this hypo
critical rant about the God-ordained mis
sion of the Anglo-Saxon race. Said the
speaker:
There is but one power which England fears
in her colonial and Industrial Germany.
Owing to her Industrial Jealousy England has
repeatedly been doing her best to stir up a
war between France and Germany. If Ger
many disappeared from the earth to-morrow,
an English paper recently said, every English
man would on the following day be the richer
for it. It is for thl_*same reason that Eng
land has been trying systematically to make
trouble between Germany and the United
States, and she came near succeeding in this.
We have believed all the Infamous lies which
the agents of England and the hirelings of
the yellow press last summer sent from the
harbor of Manila. We have allowed ourselves
to be used In Samoa as the violators of rights
and treaties and we are on the road to being
considered by the civilized world the rowdy
among the nations.
Eager to show the world the fraternization
of the Anglo-Saxon race an American officer—
I am deeply ashamed to say, of German descent
—has Joined the British In a brutal slaughter
of a savage people, although the commercial
Interest In Samoa of England and America
combined are not half as large as those of
Germany.
It la against the dangerous policy of a
people frenzied by the spirit of conquest, duped
and hypnotized by the British idea of imperial
ism, that we German-Americans Join the sober
minded, true patriots of this country in their
protest against imperialism. We protest
against the mad desire of picking a quarrel
with Germany, not on account of secret politi
cal sympathies with the old fatherland, for
we should, stand up like one man In defense
of this country were Germany to encroach upon
American rights. But we protest against be
ing made the tools of England's deep-seated
hatred against a country to whom we owe a
great part of our civilization. Being the off
spring of a higher and more humane civili
zation than the English, we protest against
the brutal and Inhuman warfare carried on In
the Philippines and Samoa. We do not believe
In the Mohammedan Idea of spreading religion
and civilization with the Bible in one hand
and the rifle In the other. We are not arro
gant enough to consider ourselves Instruments
In the hands of divine Providence. Know
ing by experience far better than many native
born Americans the priceless value of Ameri
can freedom, we protest against Imperialism
as a crime committed against the spirit of
American freedom and American institutions.
It is their American patriotism which to-day
unites the German-Americans from the At
lantic to the Pacific In protest against the
British Idea of expansion and Imperialism.
FIRE IN CANNERIES.
Sacramento Packers' Association's
Loss at Black Diamond.
ANTIOCH. May 11.-The Sacramento
Packers' Association's canneries at Black
Diamond, Contra Costa County, were
visited by fire on Wednesday evening.
Before the flames could be subdued the
cannery building, Icehouse, wharf and
fish-house were destroyed. The large
warehouse and mess were saved after a
hard fight.
The fire is said to have originated from
an explosion brought about by a watch
man carelessly opening a barrel contain
ing coal oil. It Is thought the gas that
had generated in the barrel had exploded
when the cask was opened and threw a
portion of its contents on the lantern
which the watchman had set down close
by. The flames from the burning oil
spread quickly to the wooden buildings.
A tank containing nearly forty gallons "of
coal oil was ignited, and a terrific explo
sion resulted. '
The damage Is placed at $25,000. The As
sociation carried $12,000 Insurance. Forty
men will be temporarily thrown out of
employment. The association intends to
rebuild immediately. In. the interim the
neighboring canneries at Benicla will as
sist the association to fulfill its contracts.
Merchants' Association Formed.
SANTA ROSA, May 11.— a meeting
held at the city hall last night the per
fection of a Merchants' Association was
accomplished. Major O. Fountain is pres
ident and Henry M. Forsyth secretary.
W. C. Reynolds, C. D. Johnson, Ney L.
Donovan, Frank A. Brush, Thomas P.
Keegan, Charles F. Rohrer, W. H. Lee,
L. W. Burrls and W. R. Carithers were
elected directors for the ensuing year. A
constitution and by-laws were adopted,
and a committee appointed to solicit ad
ditional members.
A HOT ROAST
FOR MATT QUAY
Denounced by Business
Men's League.
— — 7
; FOES OF PARTY DISRUPTION
, — * —
! ADDRESS TO REPUBLICANS OF
; '■ PENNSYLVANIA.
•'I
II - — --
! | Quay Dared to Become a Candidate
ij for State Office to Settle His
Standing- With the •
People.
+.
Special Dispatch to The Call, j
PHILADELPHIA, May 11.— The
j Business Men's Republican League of
Pennsylvania, which last fall put forth
special efforts throughout the State to
secure the election of anti-Quay can
didates for, the' Legislature, to-night
issued an address to the people of the
State, "congratulating them upon the'
progress made by the forces of good
government during the past year."
The address says the majority of the
members elected to the General Assem
bly for the first time in nearly a score
of years was anti-Quay and repudiated
Mr. Quay, "the head and front of that
corrupt and vicious political system
that so long has been a reproach to the
State." This anti-Quay body, the ad
dress says, exposed and defeated all
forms of machine-conceived corruption
and legislative jobbery. It continues:
The appalling chapter of crime, as de
velop, by the legislative Investigating
committee, showing a far-reaching con
spiracy to corrupt and bribe members of
the Legislature to vote for Quay for
United States Senator, should alone drive
from his support every self-respecting
voter of the State.
The principal State officer to be
chosen at the November election is
State Treasurer. Nominations for the
office will be made at the approaching
party conventions, and the league's ad
dress in concluding takes up this topic
as follows:
The control of the. State treasury,
which has been the fountainhead Of cor
ruption In the past, is not less Important
now, though the passage of th.- anti-
Quay interest bill compels the payment of
Interests on State desposits.
The Business Men's League has never
placed in the field a candidate for any
oltlce and desires only that proper men
be nominated. It is an organization (if
Republicans who wish to prevent party
disruption and disaster, with the convic
tion thai nothing but heroic action will
save the party from ultimate. State and
i national disgrace and defeat. For the
purpose of settling this controversy be
fore the Presidential contest of 1900, we
would make the following suggestion as
a means of terminating the strife within
the Republican ranks:
Let Mr. Quay himself become the ma
, chine's candidate for State Treasurer at
the ensuing election. Mr. Quay ha*
boasted of his readiness to go to the peo
ple for vindication. He. as State Treas
urer, inaugrated and fostered the system
. ■;' '"personal profit by the use of public
. moneys." which has been an important
issue in this contest. He represents In
every sense the evils against which self
respecting Republicans have revolted; he
Is the source and incarnation of the evil*
of the system which bears his name. Let
him thus make the Issue distinct and di
rect, leaving the final decision to the peo
ple. If Mr. Quay fears to submit his
candidacy to the people and In the face
of his repudiation by their direct repre
sentatives Insists upon claiming a seat in
the United States through the unlawful
act of a subservient Governor, he will
intensify and prolong the contest until he
1 is repudiated by a future Legislature and
precipitates disaster and defeat on the
other candidates who bear the stamp of
his machine.
RATHBONE SISTERS TO
MEET AT SANTA CRUZ
Hermion Temple Preparing for the
Reception of the Visi
tors.
SANTA CRUZ. May 11.-The Grand
Temple of the Rathbone Sisters will be
in session next week while the Grand
Lodge of Knights of Pythias meets. Her
mion Temple of this city Is making elab
orate preparations for the entertainment
of the guests. The sessions are to be
held in the Masonic Hall.
On Monday all the grand officers and
grand representatives will be here. That
evening the Sisters of Hermion Temple
will unite with the knights of Avalon
Lodge in a reception to the Grand Tem
ple and Grand Lodge. On Tuesday, at 2
o'clock In the afternoon, the ninth annual
session of Grand Temple No. 5, Grand
Jurisdiction of California, will open in
the Masonic Hall. That evening Hermion
Temple will hold a session at the armory,
at which the exemplification of the work
will be given by the grand officers. This
will be followed by a banquet given to
the visiting Rathbone Sisters.
On Wednesday evening Hermion Tem
ple will give a reception at headquarters
to all visiting Rathbone Sisters and
other lady friends of the Knights of Py
thias.
The roster of the Grand Temple officers
follows: Past grand chief, Lydia A. Mon
roe, Riverside; grand chief, Mary
Alvord Fitzgerald, Sacramento; grand
senior, Ida E. Mergulre; grand junior,
Juliet Stebbins, Riverside; grand man
ager, Lilly Samuels, Oakland; grand mas
ter of R. and C, Louise Holmes, East
Oakland: grand master of finance, Bertie
C. Nickell, Los Angeles; grand protector,
Miriam Stacey. Stockton; grand outer
guard, Lottie Brown, Santa Maria; su
preme representatives— Wessle Kratzen
steln, Sacramento; Marie H. Weldon,
Grass Valley.
The Grand Temple committees are as
follows: . /
State of the order— Georgia Guthrie, Sacra
mento; Rose L. Allin, Pasadena; Sarah H.
Chamberlain, Eureka.
Law and supervision— Marie H. Weldon,
Grass Valley: Lydia Monroe, Riverside; Sallle
Wolf, Sacramento.
Finance and mileage L. Jennie Pearce, Lob
fratos; Mary Warwick, Grass Valley; Clarlbel
Fain- 1. Oakland. »
Appeals and grievances— Kratzenstein,
Sacramento; Mary Conway, Merced; Alice C.
Garrison, Forest Hill. _
Returns and credentials— Juliet Stebbins,
Riverside; Sarah J. Rogers, San Jose; Marlon
Phillips, Pomona.
Fraternal correspondence— Holmes,
East Oakland; Lizzie M. Wilkinson, East Oak
land; Sadie Graham, Lodl.
Charters — Emma Scholfleld, San Francisco;
Hattie Williams, San Lucas; Lizzie Baker,
Santa Rosa.
Necrology— E. Mergulre, San Francisco;
Margaret F. Chloupek, East Oakland; Georgia
Guthrie, Sacramento. . -
Printing and supplies— Alvord Fitzger
ald, Sacramento; Louise Holmes, East Oak
land; Kettle C. Nlckell, Los Angeles.
PASSING OF A SPORTSMAN.
Tom Nickells, King of the American
Railroad Market, Is Dead.
LONDON, May 11. — Tom Nickells,
father of the famous scullers, Guy and
Vivian Nickells, died to-day at Pattlson
Court, Red Hill, aged 72 years. When a
boy in 1828 Mr. Nickells accompanied his
father to Chicago, where the latter bought
some land. Tom Nickells returned to
England In 1845 and started in business
as a stock jobber and he soon won the
nickname of "King of the American
railroad market." Mr. Nickells was an
ardent sportsman and for the last twenty
one years held the position of master of
the Surrey staghounds. His sons are
carrying on the -business founded by their
father.
CYCLONE CARRIES
DEATH TO MANY
(\ Score of PersoQS filled by a
Twister in a Mexican
State.
© AUSTIN, Texas, May 11.— A dispatch was received here to-day from ©
Si Piedras Negras, Mexico, stating that a cyclone swept over a section of §
% the state of Coahulla, eighty-five miles south of there, last night. Nearly £
28 all of the town of Sablnasas, at which coal mines owned by Collie P. 28
% Huntington are located, was destroyed, and a number of persons were g
$ killed. The dispatch states that the total number killed is not known, #
SB but the dead will reach a score or more. *"
£, Lawrence McKinney, son of the mine superintendent at Honda, was £}
■0 among the killed. 0
28 88
•S«QS*O?SQSi'O.!«O?iO! ?2 <:>\<>%o\o\<>o\o SaCtOSOSiO?*' £20 •* OS*OS£OSiOS2OS«OS*©
MURDOCK CASE
HEARING AN END
• ■
Arguments Will Begin
To- Day.
— ♦ —
LAST CARD OF THE DEFENSE
— * —
ALLEN HENRY AND HIS WIFE
TESTIFY.
*
•
Swear That Mrs. Murdock Was Not
at Home on the Day the Note
Is Alleged to Have Been.
Executed.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, May 11. All of the evi
dence in the Murdock note case is in,
and every one interested feels relieved.
The strongest testimony for the de
fense to-day was thai of Allen Henry
and wife of Chico, who swore positively
that Mary Helen Murdock was at Allen
Springs on September 7, 1877. This di
rectly contradicts six prominent citi
zens, who testified that Mrs. Murdock
was on her husband's ranch at that
time.
When the plaintiff's attorneys com
menced the cross-examination of Mrs.
Henry, Attorney Freeman asked the
court to exclude Mr. Henry from the
courtroom. The. Judge ordered Mr.
Henry to retire. On cross-examination
Mrs. Henry contradicted her husband
in a number of important matters. Mr.
Freeman then asked that he be allowed
- until to-morrow to produce witnesses
to impeach Mr. and Mrs. Henry. The
court decided to continue the case and
announced that court would adjourn
1 until 9 o'clock to-morrow, and that he
would allow each side three days in
which to argue the case. W. M. Can
non will commence the argument for
the plaintiff to-morrow morning.
A3"an aftermath of the late Sena- ;
torial fight at Sacramento General
Barnes' fee in this case was attached
to-day by the proprietors of the Golden
Eagle Hotel on a bill for $1800. The
Sheriff received the papers to-day and
served them on the executors of the
Murdock estate.
SHALL NOT COLLECT
IRRIGATION TAXES
Two Decrees Made by Judge Davis in
the Browns Valley Dis
trict Case.
MARYSVILLE, May 11. - Irrigation
bonds have received another setback, this
time at the hands of the Superior Court
of Yuba County, the case at bar being the,
South Feather Water and Union Mining
Company et al. vs. the directors of the
Browns Valley Irrigation District.
The status of the Browns "\ alley Irri
gation District was passed upon hers
some time ago by Judge Gray of pro
vide who was sitting for Judge Davis of
Yuba County in the hitter's absence, in
the findings it was shown the district had
not been organized according to law, nons
of the principal details being in legal
form. As that decision virtually settled
the future of the district as far as the
bonds were concerned, it only required
additional decrees restraining the officers
of the district from levying or collecting
taxes to pay any part of the principal 01
the interest of the $140,000 of district
bonds issued. _ -■- _ _.
Two decrees made by Judge Davis yes
terday complete this part, as one enjoins
the officers of the district from selling
property or otherwise enforcing the col
lection of taxes which have been levied
in the past; and the other enjoins them
from levying or collecting taxes for the
payment of principal or interest of the,
bonds in the future. This all follows an
a natural result of the first decision, when
the district was declared not to exist leg-
ally.
It is said on the best information to be
obtained that this ends bond litigation in
this particular case.
The district organization has not been
destroyed in fact, as that point has not
been reached by decree. The officers re
main and may proceed in such manner
as is deemed best for the owners of the
land, so that no taxes are levied or col
lected to pay bonds or interest on bonds.
Now that the Important point is set
tled the land owners in the district will
welcome all new comers who naturally
will seek this land when they know that
the title and the future are no longer In
doubt.
A GOODLY ARRAY
OF NOBLE GUESTS
Those Who Will Be Present at Em
bassador Choate's Luncheon.
LONDON, May 11.— the luncheon to
be given to-morrow by United States Em
bassador Joseph H. Choate in honor of
the United States Commissioners to the
peace conference at The Hague, the list
of guests will include the following: The
Duke of Devonshire, Lord President of
the Council: A. J. Balfour, First Lord of
the Treasury; George J. Goschen. First
Lord of the Admiralty; Sir Richard Web
ster, Attorney General; Right Hon. C. T.
Ritchie, president of the Board of Trade;
the Marquis of Lansdowne, formerly
Governor General of Canada; Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies; Sir Henry Stafford Northeote.
Right Hon. Sir Hendy Campbell-Ban
nerman, Lord Clan William, Lord Charles
Beresford, Baron Seay, chairman of the
London School Board; Sir Edward Gray,
Sir Julian Pauncefote, Sir Henry Howard
Bryce, Henry White, first secretary of the
American embassy; W. E. Lecky, the his
torian; Sir John Voce Moore, Lord Mayor
of London; and Right Hon. Henry Man
dell Creighton, Bishop of London.
WITH MILITARY HONORS.
Funeral of General H. C. Egbert in
Arlington Cemetery.
WASHINGTON, May 11.-The oody of
General H. C. Egbert, which arrived here
yesterday from Manila, was Interred at
Arlington Cemetery this afternoon with
full military honors. All the available
troops in the vicinity of Washington were
ordered out by the War Department, and
many distinguished army officers were In
attendance upon the funeral ceremonies.
A TUNNEL UNDER
THE RIVER'S BED
New Franchise Into New
York.
— ♦ —
| A RAPID ELECTRIC LINE
— ♦ —
! PLANS OF THE LONG ISLAND
RAILROAD.
_,
Contemplating the Expenditure of
86,000,000 to Connect Brook
lyn With Manhattan
Island.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
S ALBANY, N. V., May -Governor
Roosevelt to-day signed the Atlantic
avenue tunnel bill, which will give the
, Long island Railroad entrance to Man
hattan Island.
! The bill gives to the Municipal Assem
bly the power to grant a tunnel franchise
for a term of fifty years, with the option
Of renewal for another twenty-rive years
after a revaluation.
The tunnel will cost in the neighbor
hood of vl.-in,hi and will require two and
a half years to build. The only expense
to the city will be about $1,200,000, or half
the cost of depressing the tracks on At
. lantic avenue between Eldridge and Flat
'■ bush avenues.
The plan as outlined contemplates the
cutting of a tunnel beginning at some
point in the vicinity of Broadway and
Cortland street. Manhattan, extending
under the East River to Flatbush avenue
Brooklyn, then by open cuts, tunnels and
elevated structures to Jamaica, via At
lantic avenue, a distance of twelve miles.
This rapid transit line will connect with
the Long Island Railway system.
The tunnel under the river will consist
of two tubular conduits, thoroughly ven
tilated and lighted by electricity. "There
will «be nine stations on the entire line.
two of them on Manhattan Island. TUe
run from the Cortland-street station to
Jamaica, on the south side of Long
Island, will be made in twenty-four min
utes. The motive power will be elec
tricity.
HAVEMEYER HAD
A SECRET WIFE
For Fifteen Years She Kept Silent.
Now Suing for Her
Dower.
NEW YORK, May 11.— The recent death
of Thomas J. Havemeyer, brother of
Henry O. Havemeyer, president of the
sugar trust, and the late Theo A. Have
meyer, brought to light a new romance in
the Havemeyer family to-day.
Thomas J. Havemeyer was regarded as
a confirmed bachelor. It now appears
that he lived for five years with a secretly
wedded wife in this city. Her maiden
name was Anna M. Wright. She has
applied to Henry O. Havemeyer for her
dower rights in an estate of two million
dollars. For fifteen years Mrs. Have
meyer has kept her union a secret from
all except her immediate family.
Shafter Will Lecture.
SAN JOSE, May 11.— Preparations for
the Memorial day celebration this year
are now under way. The usual parade of
veterans and civic societies and the dec
oration of graves of soldiers will take
place in the morning. General Shafter
has agreed to deliver an address in the
evening on "The Cuban Campaign." Ac
companying him will be two of his aids.
Captains Plummer and Noble, and Chap
lain ■ Macomber. These exercises will be
held at Victory Theater. An admission of
2". cents will lie charged. The entire pro
ceeds are to be devoted to a fund for the
erection in this city of a monument to
the soldier dead.
German Methodist Conference.
SANTA CRUZ. May 11.-The district
conference of the German Methodist
churches will convene here during the
week commencing Monday, May 22. The
conference will open with a sermon by
the presiding elder, Rev. Mr. Guth.
®+®+® ♦ ®+® + @+® ♦©♦ ®+®>® +®+®*® ♦®+®^ + ®+®+®*®+®*®*®+®
I CURED OF RHEUMATISM.!
(5) - _ - "4
I f^wß-T Pains in Shoulders. {
!H c. 'fSBI Pains '" Hips 2n(l Legs< i
♦ lit ? gg| RHEUMATISM CANNOT RE ®
4- fffil / MB cured by drugging the stomach. You *
® _^^ ""x*-/' / Wt have tried it and know that is true. +
X ____ \ "1 H> You must drive it out of the body with (*)
® H tl_ N ll W something stronger— something more *
_> H^ " : '■* « penetrating— and that is " Electricity. +
4- _fl I ' ''■' A) My Electrlc Belt cured two thousand ®
4- f|ll|&jW >, 11* Rheumatics in 1898. It will euro 5000 ♦
V ■Hw^B___^fc^*'__» in 1899. ItS reputation is Knowing daily, +
0 Tffl^/Sg^QtJQ^SsW^^ and it is now acknowledged the only ®
>- t3» • -Js. '?• <SBW« sure cure for Rheumatism. 4-
| A PERMANENT CURE. >
X AMALIE. Kern County. California. _V
fa ' DR. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: For more than twenty years 1 suffered from a _
pain In my back and sciatic nerve to such an extent as to be unable to stoop over.
"♦" and was frequently laid up. Last July I got one of your Belts, and in five days •*■
® use It removed the pain. I have never felt it since. lam permanently cured, ours, (_)
X truly. • . C. E. GUNN. +
¥ Why don't you try it? Your neighbors are praising it. Thousands are ®
fa being cured by it. Why not you? Call and see its great power. Test X
V it free. If you can't call let me send you my book about it, closely %
T. sealed, free. ®
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, aEND FOH MY BOOK , t
+ 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. P. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." X
® And Cor. Spring and Second Sts.. Lob Angeles. ._, .__,,_.-, e-bb-e- i
4- Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE. -T
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. w
♦
[ ® + ®4-®+®4-©4®*&K_>*_*®4^^
TO DAUGHTER
OF THE SOUTH
•
Tribute of Confederate
Veterans.
— « — .
MEMORIAL TO WINNIE DAVIS
— • —
JOE WHEELER ON ATTITUDE OF
THE CONFEDERACY.
♦
Says America's Position Has gE?'"*
Forced Upon Her and to 3_fl:
treat. Would Be Dis
grace.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHARLESTON, S. C, May 11.— Th*
feature of to-day's session of the Con
federate Veterans was the memorial to
Winnie Davis. Speeches were made in
eulogy of her, the principal one being
delivered by Colonel. Bennett H. Young'
of Louisville, who paid his tribute to
the "Daughter of the Confederacy."
A resolution was unanimously adopt
ed extending the thanks of every
veteran to the people of the North who
so tenderly administered to Winnie
Davis at the time of her illness at Nar
ragansett Pier.
The Jefferson Davis monument com
mittee submitted the following report:
Resolved, That it is the earnest and
unanimous wish of the United Confeder
ate Veterans that the committer shall
undertake the patriotic task of building
the monument to President Jefferson
Davis at Richmond, Va., feeling confi
dent, as we do. that under the direction
the work will soon be accomplished and
we shall have in the capital city of the
Confederacy a memorial worthy of trie
President and of the people over whom
he ruled with such fidelity and wisdom.
A letter from Fitzhugh Lee excusing
his absence on the ground of his press
ing duties was received and read.
General Gordon then introduced Gen
eral Joe Wheeler, who was greeted with
great applause.
"While our Civil War was, I may
truthfully assert, the most sanguinary
recorded in history," said General
Wheeler, "it was also the most remark
able, as in it there was no element of
personal hostility. Men fought not
from revenge, but simply because they
felt that there lay the path of duty, and
the armies of the South laid down their
arms, but not one iota of their belief
in the truth and justice of their cause
did they surrender.
"Those upon whom rest the cares,
duties and burdens of government
have encountered no embarrassment or
complaints or criticism from Southern
States. None of their brave volunteer
regiments have asked to be returned
from fields of active duty, and when
the request has come from Governors
of other commonwealths, volunteers
from the Southern States have prompt
ly begged for the honor of filling their
places in the front of battle..
"The position in which the American
people find themselves to-day was not
sought by them, but is the logical re
sult of conditions thrust upon the coun
try by a course of events beyond our
control. The supreme test of Ajn-datua
institutions is involved, and the Ameri
can system of government is on trial.
"In one year we have risen to the
first place in the family of nations; to
make the • smallest retrograde step
would be at the expense of the prestige
we have won. To return to the starting
point of a year ago would be to lose
what it would take a century to re
gain."
LEGAL FIGHT TO FREE
WARDNER STRIKERS
Test Case Begun With an Application.
for a Writ of Habeas
Corpus.
SPOKANE. May 11.— The legal battle
for the release of the Wardner prisoners
began to-day, when counsel engaged In
dividually and by the Western Federation
of Miners filed applications for writs of
habeas corpus. The cases of County
Commissioners Stimson and Foil of Sho
shone County were the ones selected for
the test. Both men are in the stockade
at Wardner, guarded by colored soldiers.
Attorneys Morphy and Jones of Wallace
and F. C. Robertson of Spokane to-day
filed in the Circuit Court of the First
Judicial District of Idaho at Wallace an
application for a writ of habeas corpus
for the release of the two commissioners.
An order was issued commanding General
H. C. Merriam, State Auditor Bartlett
Sinclair and Coroner France, who are
charged with depriving the men of their
liberty without due process of law and
without cause, to appear before Judge
Mayhew at Wallace at 10 a. m. on Mon
day and show cause why the two prison
ers should not be released.
If the writ is granted and not obeyed
the matter will be rushed as speedily as
possible to the State Supreme Court and
on to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Santa Cruz Salmon Run.
SANTA CRUZ. May 11.-The salmon
run has commenced. Fine fish have been
caught every day this week. To-day'»
catch was the largest of the season.MINERS OPPOSED
TO IMPERIALISM
Action Taken by West
ern Federation.
— ♦ —
ADOPT STRONG RESOLUTIONS
— <• —
DECLARE AGAINST PHILIPPINE
ANNEXATION.
1
Acquisition of the Archipelago Would
Mean Competition With the
Coolie Labor of the Far
East.
4
Special ZMspatcfli to The Call.
SALT LAKE, May 11.— After approv
ing the president's address to-day the
convention of the Western Federation
of Miners devoted most of the session
. to the revision of the constitution and
by-laws. Th-> convention passed a
strong resolution against the annex?.- j
tlon of the Philippines. After a long j
preamble dealing with the subject the
report of the committee says:
Therefore be it resolved. That we. the j
delegates to the seventh annual conven- !
lion of the Western Federation ot !
Miners, protest against the annexation Of
the Philippines for the following reasons:
The working class of this community
will b-> obliged to compete with the-workr
ing class of the Philippines, thereby
bringing wages to a still lower standard.
This lavs hare the claims in favor ot an- !
nexntion that it would be a beneiit toitne
people Of this country. That the finding
of foreign markets will not beneiit the
producing class of this people who will
be obliged to suffer>a still further reduc
tion of wanes, thereby decreasing their
already limited purchasing •] power.
Resolved. That, recognizing our class
interests, economic and political; am! the
fact that the interests of the capitalist
,-las* alone are considered by our rep
resentatives In Congress in their discus
sion of the question of annexation, and
also recognizing the rights of the inhab- \
itants of these islands to self-government, ]
we call upon the working cl^ss to unite ;
at the ballot box in support of only
cla«!S-consclous socialists who stand for
the overthrow of the capitalist stem
and the establishment of a co-operative ■■
commonw< alth.
After some further observations the
eport concludes:
We believe that the only means of coun
teracting the evil effects of that gigantic
development of modern evolution— the
trusts— is the education of the people
along the lines of socialism, that they
may be enabled to understand that in
stead of being a curse, it can be changed
to a blessing by simply changing the
ownership from private to collective.
Finally we recommend that some ac
tion be" taken whereby ill the working
p.'opli- of the W.-st can be brought to a
realization ,nf the necessity of united ac
tion at the polls, as the surest and speed
iest method of redress for all our griev
ances In nut opinion; the surest means
of attaining this object is through the
adoption and support in Its entirety of
the platform of the Socialist Labor party.
The resolutions were adopted by
a unanimous vote.
WESTERN LABOR UNION J
DISCUSSES RESOLUTIONS
Declares in Favor of Government
Ownership of Public
Utilities.
SALT LAKE May 11.— The greater part
of the day in the convention of the West
ern Labor Union was devoted to discus
sion of resolutions. Some of these have
been reported and indorsed in committee
of the whole. They relate to government
by injunction, the currency problem, a
national system of postal savings banks
and Government ownership of public
utilities and all monopolies.
The first item considered in convention
was that portion of the president's ad
dri ss referring to government by injunc
tions. The committee on resolutions re-
ported on this subject that in one particu
lar Instance, namely, at Wardner. Idaho,
government by injunction has been super
seded by martial law. The resolution of
the committee was adopted by the con
vention. A communication from Cripple
Creek was read in relation to the indict
ment of fifteen men of the labor organiza
tion at that place. The convention de
cided to extend such aid to these men as
the executive committee should deem
proper.
The subject of national postal savings
lianks for the benefit of the people was
next taken up. It was agreed that the sys
tem of postal savings banks, which lias
been so great an incentive to savings de
posits among the people of other "coun
tries, would be a good thing for the work
ing people of the United States, and the
resolution was passed favoring their es
tablishment by the Government.
On the money question the convention
spoke with equal emphasis, favoring th"
issue of money by the Government alone
and opposing a delegation of this impor
tant function of government to the mon
eyed corporations.
The question of municipal ownership of
public utilities was dealt with, and after
a harmonious consideration of various
phases of the subject the following was
adopted by unanimous vote:
Whereas. The private ownership of public
utilities, such as the telegraph, railways and
the telephone lines of the country, establishes
.-in unnatural ownership over the news fur
nished the public and is an unnecessory drain
on the resources of the people; therefore, be It
Resolved, That we believe It Is the duty of
the Government to take possesion of all natu
ral monopolies and control the same ln the
Interest of the people.
It was decided that the organization
phould have an official organ and a resolu
tion was adopted indorsing the project.
•JOINT SESSION HELD.
iMiners' Federation Meets With West
ern Labor Union.
SALT LAKE, May IL— The Western
ration of Miners and the Western La
bor Union held a Joint session this after
noon, with J. H. Husbey of Helena,
Mont., presiding. A general discussion of
the solution of the labor troubles through
out the United States occupied nearly the
whole time of the joint session. The tenor
of the discussion was for organisation and
unification it the labor organizations of
the country.
A resolution was adopted asking all
labor unions in California to join with the
miners' union in Randsburg and other
mining districts mar San Pedro harbor to
get union labor and union hours on the
Government work at San Pedro. The
Coeur d'Alene lining troubles were dis
cussed and the following resolution
adopted:
Resolved, That the convention sends words of
encouragement to our brothers, suffering under
military rule in the Coeur Alone mining dis
trict and pledge ourselves to do all in our
power to aid In securing relief from the con
ditions now prevailing In that district.
BARELY ESCAPE CREMATION.
Occupants of a Burning Building Al
most Lose Thir Lives.
SAN DIEGO, May ii. Particulars were
received here to-day of the burning of
the house of Mr. and Mrs. James F. Grif.
fin, i ear Vista, about forty miles north
east of this city, on Monday night. No
one seems to know how the fire started,
but the family were awakened to find the
entire house in flames and had barely
Vtlme to save their lives. Miss Tomlins
lumped from a window, spraining her leg
and otherwise injuring herself, and Miss
Leda Griffin sustained painful burns. She
was unconscious for some time. Mr.
Griffin and two children escaped in their
nightclothes. The house with all its con
tents was destroyed. The property was
owned by Cave J. Cout*
IS SANTA CRUZ ISLAND
UNDER CALIFORNIA LAW?
SANTA BARBARA, May 11.— The
trial of Peter Llnd, charged with
having crawfish In his possession
and thus violating the State law,
after having occupied the atten
tion of Justice Wheaton for three days
was given to the Jury, which agreed to
disagree, standing six and six. Many
interesting points of law were brought
out ln the trial and the old dispute as
to the waters surrounding Santa Cruz
and the other islands of Santa Bar
bara channel was again brought up.
The defense claimed that these waters
are not within the jurisdiction of the
State of California, for while its juris
diction extends three English miles
from the mainland it takes in the is
lands and nothing else, not even the
waters surrounding them.
Perhaps the argument of the defense
which had the greatest effect upon the
jury was that the law did not intend
to reach the fishermen themselves, but
that they were only acting as employes
of the San Pedro Canning Company,
and as the law provides means for
reaching the corporation Itself it is the
one to be punished for the infringement
of the law, as the fishermen, who had
no means of communication with the
mainland for two months, were ignor
ant of the law itself.
Peter land belonged to the camp
which was seized some time ago. He
was arrested at a small inlet on the
northeast side of Santa Cruz Island
known as Pelican Bay. This particular
part of the island is very rough and
during the greater part of the year it
is impossible to reach it by water. For
PELICAN COMP, SANTA CRUZ ISLAND.
SERIES OF FIRES
VISITS KESWICK
Heavy Loss of Mountain
Copper Company.
— ♦ —
KESWICK, May 11.— For the second
time within twenty-four hours the
Mountain Copper Company has been
*a. heavy loser by fire. At 8 o'clock to
night fire broke out in the miichine
shops and round-houses, and before it
was subdued the company had suffered
a loss probably aggregating (50,000. It
includes the machJfee-shops, the
round-house, one locomotive, the pat
tern shop and the blacksmith-shop. It
at first seemed impossible to save the
smelters on the east or the stores and
offices on the south. The company has
an excellent system of water works,
good hose, heavy pressure and a well
drilled fire department. They all came
into good play to-night. For an hour '\
the fight was stubborn, but it finally !
was won. At 9 o'clock all hands were ]
called back to the furnaces, and the
streams of molten metal came pouring j
forth as though nothing had happened. ;
What effect to-night's fire will have
remains to be seen, but the company
will doubt do all it can to keep ■
things running fullblast. One thousand
or more men are directly employed by
the company, so it may be seen how
much was at stake to the laborer alone.
To-night's losses are covered by in
surance. The origin of the fire is un
known. It started in a small room used
for storing oil.
The Bachelor Hall building was de
stroyed last night. It was high on the
mountain side above the scene of to
night's blaze. Th- loss was $10,000.
All day long forest fires have pre
vailed east of Keswick, started by
sparks from last night's fire. Three
residences have been consumed. One
that was burned early this morning
was at least half a mile from Bache
lor Hall. This gives an idea of the
terrific gale that prevailed at the time
of both fires.
"PUTS" AND "CALLS."
One Must Pay War Taxes While the
Other Escapes.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— Assistant At
torney General Boyd has rendered an
opinion to the Secretary of the Treasury
In which he holds that transactions
known among stockbrokers as "puts" are
not taxable under the war revenue act,
although "calls" are subject to the tax.
Two samples of the transactions in Ques
tion were transmitted to the Attorney
General's office, the "put" being re
ferred to in the decision as "Exhibit A"
and the "call" "Exhibit B." The report
says:
The transactions represented by the two ex
hibits are not taxable under the provision of
schedule A of the war revenue act. because
neither of them can be construed as a broker's
note or memorandum of sale. They do not evi
dence a sale, nor can they be construed as
executory contracts for sales to be completed
subsequently.
I am of the opinion that the exhibit A is
not taxable under any provision of the war
revenue act, for It is an agreement on the
part of the signers to buy stock, but the op
portunity is entirely dependent upon the dis
position of the party (trader) to whom the
paper Is given. There Is no provision In the
war revenue act, so far as I can find, which
taxes such a transaction,
I take a different .view, of exhibit li. In-Jhat
THE SA2ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1899.
THE SLOOP OLITfI.
The craft used by the officers
n chasing the law breakers.
case the signer agrees to sell the stock de
scribed by the paper at the price mentioned,
provided the holder of the paper calls upon
him within the time specified. I think this
transaction is subject to the tax provided un
der that portion of the first paragraph of the
schedule A, ln the war revenue act.
It Is true that the completion of this tran
saction depends upon whether or net the bearer
buys the stock described at the time or at the
price named. Very certainly the maker agrees
to sell, provided the holder comes forward and
requests It.
The Attorney General has approved the
opinion of hfs assistant.
A GLEAM OF HOPE
FOR MRS. MAYBRICK
Her Mother Confident She Will Be
Released in July
Next.
NEW YORK, May 11.— cable to the
Journal from London says: Baroness de
Rogues came from France to-day and had
an hour's interview with her daughter,
Mrs. Maybrick. Regarding this interview
the Baroness said:
"We now confidently hope to secure
Mrs. May brick's release In July. It will
then be just ten years since my daughter
was convicted, when, under English law,
the cases of 'life' prisoners are brought
before the Home Secretary for revision.
I believe that more cordial relations be
tween the American and British Govern
ments will lead to her pardon as a mat
ter of international courtesy, if not as a
matter of Justice."
MOURNED IN TWO COUNTRIES.
Death in England of Henry Louis
Raphael, Banker and Horseman.
LONDON, May 11.— Henry Louis Ray
phael, the banker and race horse owner,
died suddenly to-day at Newmarket. Mr.
Raphael's firm was the leading one ln the
arbitrage business dealing between Lon
don and New York. He was a generous*
philanthropist and recently gave £20,000
to Guys Hospital.
Mr. Raphael owned a large stock of
horses and was worth between three and
four million pounds. The American deal
ers on the Stock Exchange to-day were
mourning his death.
• ,
GRAND COUNCIL INSTITUTED. j
Order of the Royal Arcanum Forms a
State Lodge.
LOS ANGELES, May 11.— A Grand
Council for the Royal Arcanum for the
State of California was instituted in this
! city at 10 o'clock to-day. Thirty-five del
egates were present, representing San
Francisco, Sacramento, Fresno. San Luis
Obispo, Pasadena, Monrovia, San Bernar
dino, Redlands, San Diego, Riverside, San
Pedro and Los Angeles. Thomas A. Par
ish, O. S. R., of Grand Haven. Mich., is
In the city, having come to institute the
Grand Council.
Railroad Companies at War.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 11.— There is
a tight on at Nelson between the Cana
dian Pacific Railway Company and the
Kaslo-Lardeau-Duncan Railway, which is
supposed to have the Great Northern at
its back. Both companies are anxious to
build into the rich Lardeau mining dis
trict, and it was a race as to which got
on the ground' first. The Canadian Pa
cific won, but the opposing company has
obtained an Injunction, to last until May
30, restraining the Canadian Pacific from
trespassing on what It claims to be it-?
property in Duncan Pass.
Salinas Valley Pioneer Gone.
SALINAS, May 11.— John Seals, a na
tive of New York and for over twenty
eight years a resident of Salinas Valley,
died at the County Hospital this morn
ing. He was admitted to the hospital
four days ago, suffering with heart trou
ble. Seals was 64 years old!
. Ranch Employe's Suicide.
WOODLAND, May 11.— Nat Cramer, a
laborer on Heppin's ranch, near Esparto,
committed suicide this morning by shoot
ing himself,,.... --
this reason and on account of the great
numbers of crawfish that are found
there the camp was so located by the
San Pedro Company.
The men from this camp were caught
loading on board the Lizzie Belle W,
the . 25-ton schooner which is in the
employ of the canning factory, several
crates, of fish, several tons in all, and
not only were the fishermen themselves
put under arrest, but also the captain,
mate and engineer of the schooner. The
officer's sloop, the Olita, was anchored
in Pelican Bay, and they rode across
the channel with their prisoners in the
Lizzie Belle W.
The trial of John Osterman began
to-day. He belongs to another camp,
and his case was considered a
stronger one for the prosecution than
that of those arrested in the Pelican
Bay camp, for in the one instance the
crawfish were found in their possession
and in the other they were caught in
the act by Officer W. W. Hopkins. Hop
kins had been lying in wait for these
men for several days, in the hopes of
catching them at their work.
While it is thought that these men
will not be found guilty, yet it is
known that these arrests will virtually
compel the San Pedro Canning factory
to close its doors for several months,
until the open season, when crawfish
can again be had. At the tim« of the
different arrests fifteen or twenty tons
of crawfish were liberated.
Over sixty talesmen were examined
to-day in the Osterman case, but only
ten jurors were sworn. The case may
take two or three days more.
KILLED THREE
OF HIS FAMILY
Bloodthirsty Crimes of
Joseph Harvey.
— ♦ —
HOWARD CITY, Mich., May 11.—Jo
seph Harvey last night killed his wife,
his uncle, Robert Pierson, and his
grandmother, and also wounded his
three-months-old child and his father
in-law, Jc-hn Logenslayer. Then he
shot himself, inflicting a wound from
which he is expected to recover.
Harvey's uncle and grandmother live
a mile north of town. The murderer
went there last evening. He asserts that
Pierson, his uncle, was quarreling with
his grandmother, and that he inter
fered; that thereupon Pierson stabbed
and killed the old lady, aged 70, and
that he (Harvey) retaliated by shoot
ing his uncle. After shooting Pierson,
Harvey stabbed him three times. Har
vey then returned to his home, two
miles southwest of town. Arriving
there, he shot his wife twice, killing ;
her. He then fired at his baby, the ball
going Into its arm. He also fired at J
Miss Labard, a teacher, who boarded in
the house, but' she was not harmed.
Next Harvey entered his father-in- '
law's room and shot him twice, inflict
ing, however, no fatal injury. He then
turned the revolver on himself, shoot
ing himself in the neck. Harvey's wife,
when attacked, was sitting up with the
l ••mains of her mother, who died yesten
day.
Harvey himself to-day informed the
Sheriff of the murders at Pierson's
house. He was then arrested for murder
ing his wife. He has nothing to say of
the tragedies at his own^home. There
are strong threats of lynching.
The murderer's wound is serious, but
the physicians are sure he will survive.
He was employed in a furniture 'vic
tory and is only 20 years old. The cause
of his terrible acts has not been deter
mined. _________________
DECIDES IN FAVOR
OF TREASURER TRUMAN
Ruling of the Supreme Court in the
San Francisco Contempt
Case.
SACRAMENTO, May 11.-The Supreme
Court tills afternoon rendered a decision
in the matter of the application for a
writ of habeas corpus in the case of I. J.
Truman, Treasurer or San Francisco.
John C. ' Stevens, a court stenographer,
filed a claim against the Treasurer for
$117 for services performed, and the
Treasurer declined to pay the claim on
the ground of the alleged irregularity of
the appointment of the stenographer
Stevens referred the matter to Judge Car
roll Cook, in whose court the service had
been rendered, and Judge Cook directed
Treasurer Truman to pay the amount
This the Treasurer still declined to ,i,',
and he was committed for contempt. He
applied to the Supreme Court for release
on habeas corpus.
The Supreme Court late this afternoon
decided that Treasurer Truman should
be released, holding that the proper pro
cedure in the case would have been for
Stevens to secure a writ of mandate
against the Treasurer to compel the pay
ment of the claim.
AMERICANS RAID
TOE RETTING RING
Three Winners in a Row
for Sloan. .
— —
MOUNTS HEAVILY BACKED
— ♦ —
GRANNAN AMONG THOSE WHO
PLUNGED.
i
•
Magnificent Ride Put Up by the Pre
mier Astride the McCalmont
Cast - Off Florio Rube
tino.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 11.— Tod Sloan opened
to-day's sport at Newmarket with a
sequence of three wins, arousing great
enthusiasm among the spectators. His
victory on Florio Rubetino in the Fly
ing handicap, was the most creditable
of the day. Florio was one of H. Mc-
Calmont's cast-off lot, having hitherto
been a very disappointing animal, but
to-day, after appearing hopelessly
beaten at the bushes, Sloan injected
new life into the creature and Florio
dashed up and snatched the race by
a head. ,
Vain Duchess was regarded as a sure
winner in the contest for the Breeders'
plate and Sloan got home without an
effort. The American contingent
plunged on Vain Duchess. The Even
ing Sun's race reporter says:
"One man wagered £2000, and I per
sonally saw the American backer,
Grannan, wager £650. There was no
big betting on Caiman, the winner of
the Payne stake, in view of the price.
Caiman won in a canter."
The Flying handicap is of 10 sov
ereigns each and 200 sovereigns added.
Rose Tree was second and Canadense
third. The betting was 2 to 1 against
Florio Rubetino.
In the Breeders' plate of 500 sov
ereigns, won by Vain Duchess, Tire
some was second and Papdale was
third. The betting was 13 to 8 on Vain
Duchess.
Lord William Beresford's Caiman,
ridden by Sloan, finished first in the
race for the Payne stakes of 15 sov
ereigns each, with 400 sovereigns added.
Footpad II was second and Sinopi was
third. Five horses ran and the betting
was 1 to 6 on Caiman.
A selling plate of 200 sovereigns was
won by J. Corlette's four-year-old
brown filly Arroyo. Sloan rode Sir R.
Waldie Griffith's four-year-old bay colt
'] Kurvenal and finished third. The bet
-1 ting was 5 to 2 against Kurvenal.
Arthur James' colt, O'Donovan
Rossa, won the Bedford two-year-old
plate of 300 sovereigns. Lord William
Beresford's chestnut colt. Democrat,
5 to 1, ridden by Sloan, finished second.
CLARK STAKES ONLY
A GALLOP FOR CORSINE
California Derby Winner Captures
the Churchill Downs
Classic.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 11.— The Clark
stakes, at one and an eighth miles, was
the feature of the card to-day at Churchill
Downs, and proved only a gallop for Cor
sine, the winner of the California derby
and second to Manuel in the Kentucky
derby a week ago. Hapsburg and Corsine,
coupled in the betting as Pat Dunne's
entry, were at 1 to 8. while His Lordship
.was 8 to 1 and False Lead 20 to 1. Haps
burg made the pace and sailed out in the
lead until the stretch was reached. Here
Corsine came up to him and passed him
easily, the other two, tired and beaten,
straggling in. Corsine won ln a romp and
Hapsburg just as easily got the place
from His Lordship. The track was heavy
and the racing was poor from a time
standpoint. Results:
One mile— Batton won. Galathee second, Mr.
Phlnlzy third. Time, 1:47%.
Six furlongs, selling— Vice Regal won, Nop
per second. Osmond third. Time, 1:19%.
Four furlongs, Belling' Avenstock won, Rus
sell R second, Jucoma third. Time, :51%.
Mile and an eighth, Clark stakes, value
$4000 Conine won, Hapsburg second, His Lord -
ship third. Time. 2:01%. False Lead also ran.
Four furlongs, selling Love's Labor won.
Tommy O'Brien second. King David third.
Time, :31%.
Six furlongs, selling— High Jinks won, Bri
gade second, Primate third. Time, 1:18%.
NEW YORK, May 11.— The feature of the
day at Morris Park was the Croton, a high
weight handicap at six furlongs. Trlllo won
from Boney Boy by a head, he six lengths
ahead of Kingdom Cormorant was the only
fa rite to win. Weather rainy; track sloppy.
Results:
Six furlongs— Cormorant won. Theory second.
Gold Car third. Time, 1:15%.
Harlem stakes, selling, one mile— Roysterer
won. Nosey second, Peat third. Time, 1:44.
Five furlongs. Belling— Maid of Orleans won.
The Laurel second, Lottie Sheevllle third.
Time, 1:02.
Half a mile— Brusque Rle won, Nanlne sec
ond. Star Chimes third. Time. :49%.
Croton high-weight handicap, six furlongs—
Trlllo won, Boney Bey second, Kingdon third.
Time. 1:14*4.
One mile— Don de (>ro won, Twlnkler second.
Char. •runs third. Time, 1:43.
CHICAGO, May 11.-The local turf season
opened here to-day with the start of a fifteen
days' meeting at Lakeside. Weather clear;
track good.
Five furlongs— Braw I. ad won. Hop Scotch
tecond, McAlbert third. Time, 1:08.
Half a mile— Cheesestraw won, Florence Anita
second. True Fit third. Time, ;50%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Tenby won. Myth
second, Old Saugus third. Time, 1:19.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile— John G. Rlgsby
won •First Past second, Pant Lano third. Time,
:59%. I : ■'■■■-■
One mile — Al Fresco won, Hobart second,
Kenmore Queen third. Time. 1:43%
Six furlongs J T won, Rival Dare second.
Protect third. Time, 1:10%.
CINCINNATI, May 11.— The weather was
pleasant to-day; track heavy.
Seven furlongs — Bonades won. Libation sec
ond, Kathle May third. Time. 1:82%.
Five furlongs, selling— Sue, Johnson won. -Net
tie Regent second, J. Tuclllo third. Time,
1:05%.
fine mile, selling— Blenheim won. Great Pride
second. Hand D third. Time. l:47'i.
Six furlongs, selling— Klla Penzance won.
Dollie Welthoft second, Scrivener third. Time,
1:16.
One mile selling— Nathanson won, Dashaway
second, Lyllts third. Time. 1:45%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Ramlro 11 won. Can
Gallop second. Dr. Wlthrow third. Time, 1:31%.
SAN JOSE'S RELAY TEAM.
Wheelmen Who Will Compete in the
Annual Century Race.
SAN JOSE. May 11.-The Garden City
Wheelmen will make a desperate effort to
capture the annual 100-mile relay race
around the bay from San Francisco to
Oakland next Sunday. Their strongest
team has been doing some hard training
during the past week, and the wheelmen
fee! confident of winning the trophy. The
riders have been finally selected, and to
day Captain Delmas sent the list to Chain
man Loos of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs. The men and relays are
as follows: First relay. Gail Hardenbrook;
second "Jack" Lockhart; third, Edward
Barnes; fourth. L. Smith; fifth, A. Mc-
Donald; sixth. Eugene Coffin; seventh, E.
A. Wastie; eighth. Julius Smith; ninth,
Tony Delmas; tenth, Jack Wing.
HANSEN COLLAPSES.
Contestant in the Six-Day Walk Is in
a Precarious Condition.
NEW YORK, May 11.— When the sev
enty-two hour footrace started again for
to-day's plugging only eleven men came
to the scratch. Hansen remained off the
track for a short time and then took up
bis twelve-hour walk. Hegelman, Cox
..and Click were the three first in the race,
_^ ADVEBTISTIIffT'INTE.
MUNYON'S INHALER.
I know of no treatment that will so speedily clear and
heal all the air passages of the head, throat and lungs as
my Inhaler. Used in conjunction with my Cold and Grip CUre,
all forms of grip can be cured and pneumonia averted. The
Inhaler gives instant relief, and the Cold and Grip Cure drives
the disease from the system. MUNYON.
If You Have a Cold. Try It. __s__fi_l?fc!__a_
If You Have the Grip, Try It. 4_?lP^^^_S!_
If You Have a Cough, Try It. Jz&T
If You Have Catarrh, Try It. <0i?& .-«* „S^ kl_Di
If You Have Sore Throat, Try It. &$& **& *^ HP
If You Have Weak Lungs, Try It. **__%. ■&. v ft*"
THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED.
Price $1.00. / " ; S^H^^K
With Everything Complete, at All Druggists, or / /> ' ' kyl]! ' «• - ? X W\ i\
Mailed From Otir Offlee. 1 , / 1 '• . Syll't* r -JJ M ;»\
Clouds of medicated vapor are inhaled I \ i.i ' , ffcLTti "'"■■■ » ' •"_
through the mouth and emitted from the A \ >£*L< '. Fp^l^A V' _^""^_'
nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the I V ■■ . _f'z* '*! -ttg~*al \ r I^3
diseased parts. A sense of relief is felt I J?'' r^ : ~^^f~~~~^ *" — Jr^Z"
at once. It is a common-sense cure for vf** -?"3SBC' * y )r
Catarrh, Colds. Coughs, Asthma, Bron- V V '*— 77%-- — " _«— r-*\ V'
chitis and all throat and lung troubles. J x *— —^~a_Z^ ... v/
Try it free of charge at the following stores:
No Percentage Drug Co. The Owl Drug Co.,
nßiirriCTQ 1128 Market St . San Francisco.
.. D ( RU^ C,STS Broadway and 10th St.. Oakland.
949-951 Market St.. next to Hale Bros. 320 South Spring St., Los Angeles.
G. Leipnilz & Co., S. A. McDonnell's
* PHARMACY.
Druggists, Deutsche Apotheke, Drugs, Wholesale and Retail,
250-252 Sutter St., cor. Grant Aye,, S. F. , 106, 108 and 110 Grant Aye., S, F., Cal.
Geo. Dahlbender & Co., Edwin W. Joy,
npurricTQ Druggist and Analytical Chemist.
> c J' - - , Cor. California & Kearny Sts.. S. F.,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. Successor to L. R. Ellert.
Ferry Drug Co., H. G. Gerdes,
Cut-Rate Druggists, Druggist and Chemist,
8 Market St, San Francisco. - Deutsche Apotheke,
Cor. Pine and Kearny Sts., S. F.
The Grant Drug Co., The Baldwin Phcy,
38 and 40 Third St, cor. Stevenson. i 119 and 121 Ellis St.. Press Club Building.
Wakelee and Company,
Under Occidental Hotel, Bush and Montgomery Sts. Branch, Sutter and<Potk Sts.
LIIST o_*__<_l_j :
Osgood Bros., Owl Drug Co.,
The Drug Cutters, Broadway, cor. Tenth.
852, 854, 856, 858 Broadway, cor. 7th.
Polite attendants will be on hand to answer all questions. Everybody Is in-
vited to give the inhaler a free trial. You are welcome to a treatment whether
you purchase or not.
Munyon's Homeopathic Remedies.
This company has prepared separate specifics for all diseases, which are sold
by all druggists. Each remedy is so labeled there can be no mistake. With
them every mother can become the family doctor.
I will guarantee that my Rheumatism Cure will cure rheumatism in a few
hours: that my Dyspepsia Cure will cure any case of indigestion or stomach
trouble; that 90 per cent of kidney complaints, including Blight's disease, can be
cured with my Kidney Cure; that nervous afflictions and diseases of the heart are
controlled and cured by my Nerve and Heart Cure. 57 cures for 57 ailments.
Every druggist sells them— mostly 25 cents a vial. Medical advice by mail abso-
lutely free. 1506 Arch street. Philadelphia.
so far as the score went, and they held
this position practically all through the
day. Just before 10 o'clock Hansen with
drew. The spectators did not take kind
ly to this move, but subsequently news
was brought from his dressing-room that
he had collapsed entirely. So grave was
his condition that his trainers grew
alarmed, for every method to revive
him was without Bucess. Hansen was
taken to Flower Hospital. The physicians
said that It was a very bad case of col
lapse and that Hansen was in a serious
condition. Between 9 and 10 o'clock
Geary started in to cut down the lead
which Noremac had over him. He suc
ceeded in doing this at 10 o'clock and by
12 o'clock was almost eight miles ahead.
At midnight the men were trailing, with
Hegelman in the lead and Glick, Cox,
Tracey, Guerrero, Igo. Barnes, Day,
Craig.' Geary and Noremac strung along
ln that order.
TRIBE OF TEBEAU
INCREASES ITS LEAD
St. Louis Defeats Cleveland, Whils
the Orphans Are Downed by
the Colonels.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ; Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Pt. Louis 15 5 .750 Baltimore ...11 11 '•■"'"'
Chicago 15 7 .662 New York... 9 1" .474
Philadelphia. l 4 7 .666 Louisville ... 9 11 .450
Brooklyn ....13 8 .618 Pittsburg ... 7 12 .3Ci>
Cincinnati ..11 8 .579 Washington.. 4 17 .190
Boston 1- 10 .543 1 Cleveland ... 3 1. .130
BOSTON, May 11.— Boston won from Balti
more under disagreeable weather conditions,
rain falling from the end of the third inning
until the game was called at the end of the
seventh. While it lasted the game was good
for Its fielding. Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Boston * '■' l
Baltimore 1 « 0
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; McGlnety
and Robinson. Umpires— Andrews and Gaff
ney.
CLEVELAND, May 11.— The home team hit
.Powell hard, but .without effect. .With three
men on bases in the ninth and one man out
Wallace retired the Bide with a double play
unassisted. Attendance, 150. Score:
Clubs- R. K. E.
Cleveland 6 17 3
St. Louis g is 2
Battel Sudhoff and Clements; Powell and
Crlger. Umpires— Day and Brennan.
CHICAGO. May 11.— The error column does
not begin to show the mlsplays of the Orphans
to-day. The game of ten innings went to the
Colonels by the worst kind of rattled play and
foolish base-running. Attendance, 2600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 9 5
Louisville 5 7 7
Batteries— Taylor and Nichols: Phillppl and
Kittredge. Umpires- -Burns and Smith.
PHTSBURO, May Pelt 2' 8 three-bagger
and Halm's fly won the game. Clark's three
bagger ln the ninth and Williams' long 41y
failed to tie because two were out, and there
you are. The pitching of Leever and Halm
was gilt-edged. Attendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Pittsburg 0 3 I
Cincinnati I 4 1
Batteries — Leever and Bowerman; Hahn and
Peitz. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
NEW YORK. May 11.-The Brooklyn-Wash
ington game was postponed on account of rain.
No More Syndicate Betting.
CINCINNATI, May 11.-The Latonia
Jockey Club has announced that any
reputable bookmaker may draw in at Its
spring meeting, which commences on May
23, by paying the usual fee of $100 a day.
This will be the first open ring at any
of the local tracks for several years. Tho
officials of the club believe that syndicate
betting is detrimental to the best interests
of the turf and have determined to banish
it from Latonia.
Chicago Cyclist Wins.
PARIS, May 11.— In the 100-hour cycle
contest at Roubaix Charles W. Miller of
Chicago won the first prize. He covered
2258 kilometers.
Newark at Montevideo.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, May 11.—
American cruiser Newark has arrived at
this port. _
34
PAID HIGH FOR
LUBRICANT TO
OFFSET FREIGHT
How the Railroad Gave Standard
Oil a Rebate Despite
the Law.
WASHINGTON, May 11.-The Indus
trial Commission to-day heard the first
witness to be called in connection with
its inquiry into the operation of trusts.
The witness was Hon. James W. Lee of
Pittsburg, attorney for several pipe
lines and oil companies, and formerly
a State Senator of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Lee's testimony was directed mainly
against the Standard Oil Company.
Speaking of the effect of trusts upon
the customer Mr. Lee said the tendency
was to increase prices until they be
came extortionate. Trusts were organ
ized to secure a monopoly, and when
this was secured by closing up rival es
tablishments they were in a position to
fix rices, which were, according to his
observation, generally increased in or
der to permit dividends on watered
stock. This had been eminently true
of the Standard Oil Company. As an
illustration, he said that when the Pure
Oil Company, in which the witness is
interested, went into the field ln New-
York, in 1896, it found the Standard
selling oil at 9*_ cents a gallon. The
price was almost Immediately reduced
to 5U cents, and remained there since,
the object being to drive out the rival.
The first price was inordinately high,
but the latter was ruinously low, and
while the independent company had
met the reduction, it had done so at a
loss. He thought the competition had
result* in a saving of fully $3,000,000
to the people of Greater New York.' The
same condition of affairs < misted at
competitive points.
Mr. Lee expressed the opinion that
the Standard Com] was still get
ting rebates from the railroad com
panies, despite the law . and he thought
this was accomplished by paying ex
orbitant prices for lubricating oil. He
estimated that the Standard Company
had within the past twenty years ab
sorbed about 100 Independent com
panies, but that the companies with
which he was connected had refused to
sell at an advance of 12^ per cent in
cost when they were about to be closed
by the Sheriff. This refusal had been
dictated largely by sentiment. Now,
however, the independent companies
were doing a profitable business.
He knew of several refineries which
had been purchased at high prices by
the Standard Company, and then had
been shut down. He had also heard
that men had recived a bonus to re
main idle, but he had no personal in
formation on this subject. Mr. Lee said
the Standard Oil Company had made
an effort to prevent th* extension of
the business of the independent com
panies to foreign markets by buying
up the tankage at given points and by
Belling at lower prices than prevailed
even in the United States. Still the
independent companies were able to
compete abroad largely, because in
Great Britain and in Germany and In
some other countries competition was
preserved to a greater extent than in
the United States. In Germany no one
as allowed to do business at a loss.
The profit mad* abroad was what.en
abled the independent companies to
continue in existence, as the business
in this country alone was unprofitable.
Mr. Lee also testified to the effect of
trusts upon the producer and upon
Labor, dealing exclusively with the oil
business. ]!•■ said the aim. of the
trust was to get a complete monopo
ly of business, fixing the price as it
pleas* and leaving little or no profit
to the producer. As an illustration, he
said the Standard Oil Company had
maintained the price paid for crude oil
at 05 cents per barrel for a year, and
that for the ten years prior to 1595 the
price paid had averaged only SO cents
per barrel, whereas the average cost of
production was not less thai $1.
He further expressed the opinion that
the counties in Pennsylvania which had
produced all he oil turned out in that
State, amounting to about 10,000,000
barrels, were worse off for its output.
Still there were some wells which were
remunerative, due to their high degree
of productiveness. As a matter of fact,
however, many of the oils produced
very little. Of the 60,000 wells In opera
tion 25.000 produced less than half a
barrel a day each. He thought if there
had been fifty refineries instead of the
Standard Company the market would
have been Just as extensive, the con
sumer would have secured his oil as
cheaply and the producer would have
been much better off.
"Where has the balance gone?" asked
Mr. Livingston.
"I think," the. witness replied, "the
Standard Oil Company could explain
that. The understanding is I hat it has
realized about $500,000,000."
Mr. Lee was quit confident that the
general effect of trusts was injurious
to labor. The effect was to deprive
laborers of competition, of chances for
employment when thrown out of work
and to make them subservient and
poorer citizens. Speaking specifically
of the Standard Oil Company's treat
ment of its employes, ho said they were
well paid and a certain class of them
receive very high salaries. Still, the
ultimate effect of any monopoly must
be Injurious to labor.
As a means of prevention of trusts
Mr. Lee suggested a law making de
structive competition a criminal of
fense. He thought the fear of imprison
ment would Intimidate some of them.
The law could be passed by the States
and in case of prosecution, prices
charged for years could be used as cvi
Pears'
JL \yC^± O
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
AH sorts of stores, sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people arc
a*i>£ it.
flence. He would also suggest that the
capital of all corporations except those
of a public or quasi-public nature
should be limited to $1,000,000.
-•
ABSORBED THIRTY-SIX
IRON AND STEEL MILLS
NEW YORK, May 11.-The organization
of the Republic Iron and Steel Company
was perfected to-day, when final details
were completed and directors and officers
elected:
The board of directors is composed of
August Belmont; Myron C. "Wicke. presi
dent of the Union 'Iron and Steel Com
pany of Youngstown, Ohio; Grant B.
Schley of the banking firm of Moore &
Schley of this city; Randolph S. Warner,
formerly of the King-Filbert Company,
Columbus, Ohio; George P. Sheldon, a
banker of this city, who was active in
underwriting the stock of the company;
,J. I). Caldwell of the Birmingham Rolling
Mills. Birmingham, Ala.; G. Watson
French of the Sylvan Steel Company,
Moline: 111.; Alexis W. Thompson of the
Atlantic Iron and St* el Company, New
castle, Pa.; John F. Taylor of the Brown-
Bonnell Company, Youngstown, Ohio; T.
A. Meysenburg of the Tudor Iron Works,
St. Louis; L. F. Cochran of the Andrews
Brothers Company, Youngstown, Ohio;
James C. Corns of the Corns Iron and
Steel Company; Massillon; Ohio; 11. W.
Hassihger of the Alabama Rolling Mill
Company. Birmingham, Ala.; I. L. Klm
berly of Newcastle; Pa.; George M. Bard,
of the Indian Iron Company, Muncie. md.;
Samuel Thomas of the Pioneer Mining
and Manufacturing Company; Birming
ham, Ala.; S. J. Llewellyn "i" the I aland
Iron and Forge Company. Chicago; and
Harry Rubens of the law firm of Rubens;
Dupuy & Fisher of Chicago.
Altogether about thirty-six separate
and distinct concerns have been absorbed
and negotiations are pending with several
others in the West and Southwest.
Tbe directors met to-day and elected the
following officers: President. Randolph
S. Warner; first vice president, General
D. Wicks; second vice president. Samuel
Thomas; third vice president, James C.
Corns; fourth vice president, George M.
Bard; secretary, Silas J. Llewellyn; treas
urer. John F. Taylor; general counsel,
Harry Rubens; executive committee —
Myron* C. Wicke, Alexis W. Thompson,
John F. Taylor, T. A. Meysenburg, G.
Watson French. George D. Pick. Harry
Rubens, S. J. Llewellyn and Randolph S.
Warner.
On recommendation of the executive
committee was decided to grant an ad
vance in wages of 20 cents per ton for
puddling and a corresponding advance for
finishing material. It was stud that there
would be no advance in the price of goods.
STOVE MEN PLANNING
A BIG COMBINATION
CINCINNATI, May 11.— The twenty
eighth annual convention of Stove Manu
facturers convened to-day, and the chief
topic was the organization of the pro
posed trust. It is thought that this comb
ine would include 200 plants, and small
foundries would thus be compelled to
quit..
While only temporary arrange
for the stove combine have been made,
it is generally believed thai the trust will
be formed. At to-day's session the ques
tion of modifying the prevailing practice
of terms and cash discounts was dis
cussed. • ■
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Major Holloway Detailed to Carry
Funds to Manila to Pay the
American Troops.
WASHINGTON. M ay 11. -Dr. Olcott.
United States navy, has been ordered to
the battleship Texas, North Atlantic
Fquadron, now at the Brooklyn navy
yard.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War Second Lieuten
ants Charles Hay Jr. and John B. San
ford, recently appointed, are assigned to
the Twenty-fourth United States Infant
ry, and will proceed from Columbus Bar
racks, Ohio, to the Presidio of San Fran
cisco and report in person to the com
manding ofileer of that regiment, who will
assign them to companies.
Private George Kenny, Twelfth United
States Infantry, now attached to the
casual department. Presidio of San
Francisco, is transferred to the general
service and will be sent to the recruiting
station In San Francisco, to report to the
officer in charge for duty with a recruit
ing party.
Major George T. Holloway, additional
paymaster. United States Volunteers, will
receive from the chief paymaster, De
partment of California, funds for the
payment of troops In the Department of
the Pacific, and will proceed with the
same from San Francisco to Manila. On
arrival at Manila Major Holloway will
turn over the funds to the chief paymas
ter, Department of the Pacific, and re
port in person to the commanding general
of that department for assignment to
duty. The commanding general. Depart
ment of California, will, on application
of Major Holloway, furnish suitable es
cort for the funds.
Major James Canby, assistant paymas- j
ter, United States Volunteers, will report
to Major Holloway for duty, to accom
pany him from San Francisco to Manila.
On arrival there he will report in person
to the commanding general. Department
of the Pacific, for assignment to duty.
The following California postmasters
were appointed to-day: Alvarado, Ala
meda County. I. V. Ralph, vice Edwin A.
Richmond, removed; Fisk, Sonoma Coun
ty, Alexander Templeman, vice Robert
Templeman, resigned: Indria, San Benito
County, James G. Finch, vice Edward G.
Holmes, resigned; Somers Bar. Siskiyou
County, Henry P. Clark, vice Robert L.
Younger, resigned; Toluca, Los Angeles
County, Wilson C. Weddington, vice P. H.
Cumpston, resigned.
The Interior Department has appointed
A. J. Com Stock pension examining sur
geon at Ventura, Cal.
The postal service between Jamestown
and Sonora, Cal., will be discontinued
after May 14.
Pensions: California: Original— Special
May 1 (special James J. Marcher,
Rialto, $20. Restoration and Increase-
Hiram E. Fraley, Sacramento, $6 to $8. '
Increase-James M. Kelley, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $8 to $10. Reissue-
Anton' Mallacowitz, Soldiers' Homo, Los
Angeles. $6.
Oregon: Increase— G. Frost. Or
egon City, $8 to $12. Original widows,
etc.— Frances O. Lawton, Lafayette, $R.
Washington: Additional Carslev,
Centralla, $2 to $8; Christopher Grove,
Ccntralia, $8 to $8.
Institute of Butte Farmers,
BIGGS. May -11.— The Farmers' Insti
tute, which was held In the Baptist
church of Biggs yesterday, was largely
attended by farmers, fruit growers and
business men from all parts of Butte
County. Professors Fowler and Dough
ridge -if the University of California gave
five lectures. They dealt with horticul
ture, agriculture, dairying and all phases
of practical and scientific farming. An
organization will Boon be formed to dis
cuss scientific farming and help advance
the many industries or Butte County.
Brinks Carbolic Acid.
FRESNO, May 11.— Mrs. I,ottie Thomp
son attempted to commit suicide at 11
O'clock to-night. She drank a half-ounce
of carbolic acid. Medical assistance was
quickly summoned and everything possi
ble was done to save her life. She is still
living, but Is in a very precarious condi
tion. She Is the wife of Henry Thomp
son, a well-known resident of this city.
What prompted the act is unknown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1899.
STILL A CHANCE
FOR KEY AMD WIRE
Space Telegraphy Not
Yet Perfect.
— ♦ —
GEN. GREELY'S EXPERIMENTS
BELIEVES IT CANNOT SUPPLANT
THE OLD SYSTEM.
Improvements Suggested in Trans
mitters and Receivers —
haustive Tests by Army
Signal Men.
♦ ♦
♦ NEW YORK, May 11.— Satis- +
-t- factory progress has been made ■+
♦ by the Signal Corps in its ex- ♦
+ periments with wireless teleg- -f
j + raphy, the system which The ♦
j •+■ Call and Herald propose to use -♦
I ♦ In transmitting news of the ♦
j ♦ movements of the American and +
j + British yachts in the coming ♦
j + race for the America cup. It is ♦
| + apparent, therefore, that by The ♦
I ♦ Call and Herald enterprise the -f
j+: people of this country will +
j + promptly obtain news of the ♦ j
j + movements of the cup defender ♦
I + and the British yacht when the -t-
I ♦ races take place. -♦
j ♦ Signal officers express gratlfl- -f
j ♦ cation at the practical enterprise -f
| + of The Call and Herald and say -f
| + the experiment will surely be a +
j ♦ success. -f
; + +
WASHINGTON, May 11.— General
I Greely to-day made the first authori
! tative statement as to the . progress
j made in wireless telegraphy under the
• auspices of the United States Signal
i Corps. The Important conclusion is
! reached by General Greely that the
! wireless system is not likely to sup
| plant the ordinary method of tele
| graphic communication. The results
so far obtained have been uncertain,
General Greely's statement is as fol
lows:
Since the announcement of the tests
! in space telegraphy by Signer Marconi two
j years ago. the subject, has been under
j consideration by the Signal Corps of the
; army, and recently experiments have
i been begun to thoroughly test the value
j of this means of communication for mili
tary and other governmental purposes.
: Special apparatus has been designed and
i constructed for these tests, and they have
i already shown sufficient promise to war
! rant further systematic trials. :.,.-
In view el' the great public interest and
in order to facilitate experiments by other
' scientists in the United States, it is
deemed proper to put forth this statement
; of operations to the present time.
Transmitter— ln the experiments thus
i far several forms of transmitter for the
! generation of Hertzian waves have been
; used, and much promise lias been realized
: from the use of a large alternating cur
• rent coil in oil as a generator, instead of
'' the ordinary Ruhmkorff coil employed by
! Marconi. . This coil Is energized by a
i three-horsepower rotary transformer, fur
nishing 25 volts alternating potential, and
this arrangement makes a very powerful
and efficient source of Hertzian rotation.
Receiver— The former receiver used has
been substantially the Brankey "Co
i herer," discovered in 1891, and the signals
1 transmits are recorded upon a reeeiv
: ing tape. ••
Th" emitter has been mounted upon
' the west elevation of the State, War and
Navy buildings, utilizing tie present
wooden flagpole as the vertical wire for
the transmitter. Th receiver was first
placid at the old Naval Observatory
grounds, about three-quarters of a mile
distant, and later moved to the Signal
1 Corps station at Fort Meyer, Va.
ring the experiments constant com
; munieation by heliograph and flag be
i twe^n the transmitting and receiving sta
j tions has been kepi up by the trained
j men of the regular Signal Corps, and this
: has greatly tacilitated the work of cx
i perimentinig. Signals, letters and words
| have been transmitted and received be
' tween those stations, but the great deli
' cai v and constant adjustment required
! in the present receiver have made the
• transmission of regular messages as yet
1 unreliable and uncertain. _ne presence
iof large buildings and large mas ■ of
Iron and metal necessarily present in
i cities make such places undesirable for
i carrying on experiments of this charac
i ter "The distance over which signals may
be transmitted by. a given apparatus is
a function of the height of the vertical
wire used in either .-nd, and this has
naturally suggested the use of small gas
balloons, such as have already been used
I for signal and other purposes by the Sig
nal Corps. A supply of these balloons
I has already been ordered and will be
! used for this purpose in the near future.
That there is a field of usefulness for
] space telegraphy is undoubted, but that
It will supplant to a material extent the
' use of wire for ordinary commercial
! telegraphy is not believed. Its value for
i connection between lighthouses and light
■ ships at sea and to replace ordinary flag
j methods in use between naval vessels,
i should prove invaluable, since darkness
I or storm have no effect upon Its use.
The use of metal reflectors to augment
' and direct the radiation to particular
i points has already met with partial sue
! cess and should be thoroughly investi
■ gated. At present the radiation proceeds
' from the transmitter In all directions and
: the same message can be received at any
point within the proper radius at which
a receiver Is placed. A satisfactory di
recting reflector and a receiver of the
proper electrical capacity, or, in other
words, tuned to the vibrations of the par
ticular transmitter, would make a great
advance In space telegraphy and do much
toward the extension of its field of prac
tical usefulness.
While secrecy of transmission Is among
the probabilities, the present stage of ex
periment does not justify Its positive pre
diction.
MEETING OF THE GRAND
CONSISTORY AT ROME
The Papal Delegation Has Not Yet
Been Advised of the
Session.
WASHINGTON, May IL— The papal
delegation here has not yet been advised
of the assembling of the consistory at
Rome the latter part of June, as an
nounced in previous dispatches, for the
purpose of creating ten new cardinals, but
this meeting has been anticipated for
some time. The new cardinals will be
named to fill the vacancies now existing,
the latest being those at Florence and
Cologne.
DREYFUS MAY SOON
RETURN TO FRANCE
A Guard Said to Have Been Sent to
Escort Him Horne — Will
Arrive in June.
PARIS, May 11.— The Petit Bleu Bays
that ten members of th« Republican
Guard and four gendarmes left St. Na
zaire, France, on the steamer Lafayette
last Tuesday to form an escort to bring
Dreyfus to France,' and that his return
may be expected by the end of June. .
— — — -♦-
Banker Johnson's Funeral.
REDDING, May 11.— The funeral of the
late Henry Fisk Johnson was held here
this afternoon. Johnson was president of
the Shasta County Bank. He came from
Massachusetts. in 1849, engaged in freight
ing and grew wealthy. He leaves two
sons and a daughter, <j;i-\ V.vjwv: V'S.--
STANFORD'S IN
ARE LONG-HEADED
Result of Dr. Closson's
Investigations.
— ♦ —
MANY STUDENTS EXAMINED
_+-
NERVOUS MIGRATORY TYPE
PREDOMINATES.
—4
Blondes Are in the Majority and the
Average Stature is Taller Than
That of the Eastern
People.
■ «
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 11.—
Dr. C. C. Closson, who is measuring the
heads of the Stanford students in the
gymnasium here In an endeavor to obtain
data to substantiate the theory that the
shape of the human skull has much to do
with race movements and habits, will re
main at his post until the end of the
semester, when he will go to San Fran
cisco to pursue his Investigations among
the SwisV, German and French inhabit
ants there. Next fall he will take meas
urements at Berkeley similar to those
now being taken here. I
Dr. Closson has examined about 130
students. Although he has not com
piled the information obtained, he is able
: to say thai the large majority of the
men at the university are of tie long
headed, urban type, the chief character
istics of which are migratory activity,
energy, late marriages and small families.
lie is under tie Impression that there is
a much larger number of blondes at
{Stanford than in the Eastern colleges,
though in the shape of the head there is
no materia! difference between them. it '
is .asserted that Eastern college students
are more narrow headed than those in ,
Englapd.
his fact has an important bearing on ;
the statement that the long-headed type
of people is responsible for the settle
ment of this country. It is known that
i in the north of Europe the long-headed
. type predominates, but that it grows
weaker toward the south. Hence, the
fact that the students of the United
States are narrower headed than the
students of England shows that even
where the long-headed type predominates
; it is the most extreme cases of this for
mation that are the ones to migrate.
The Influence of their traits is one .if the
reasons why new countries .I.e. lop rapid
;ly until such numbers of the broad
headed or Alpine type, with their slow or
stationary habits and average intellectu
ality,-reduce the high activity of the
pioneers, when the growth is slower. The
same is to a certain extent true in the
birth and grown, ov towns and cities
The investigation being made by Dr.
''l.ss.i; and his colleagues in anthro
pological study have revealed some curi
ous facts relative to the population of the
■ United States. In the first place, it is be
lieved that tier. is a tendency for blonde
complexion and tall stature to associate
with the narrow. type of bead. It is
found from army measurement statistics
that the people of the United States are
■ taller than those of Continental Europe;
mat the people of the different nationali
ties who have migrated here are taller
i than their countrymen at borne; that even
• th.- population of the Western United
States averages taller than that of the
East, while the people who come West
from Massachusetts are taller than those j
. left in Massachusetts. < ,-'
These strange coincidences of physical
characteristics with race" movements have
led anthropologists to arrive at the con
clusion that there were originally two
types of tain one short of stature, dark
complexioned, broad-headed and sluggish
in nature; the other, tall, narrow-headed,
blonde, unsettled in habits and of an in
quiring mind. The intermarriage of
those two types has brought about the
various kinds of men we have to-day, and
so it in no wise refutes the theory to find
a id-headed man with the mental and
domestic characteristics attributed to
the other type, and vice versa Never
theless, this seems to be the exception,
not the rule, and the general contour of
the head still stands as the clearest ex
ponent of permanent hereditary differ
ences in the human species. Not that
these eminent scientists believe in "bump
ology" and support fake phrenologists in
their assertions that they can tell by
fingering a man's cranium whether he Is
sentimental or sour, a thief or a parson,
a poet or a scientist, but the color of the
eyes and tie- size of the human stature
are liable to modifications by local cir
: cumstances, while the shape of people's
heads is little influenced by climate, food
; or habits.
This wide view of mankind is not of as
great importance to the particular group
of anthropologists to which Dr. Closson
i belongs, as is the question of social strati
fication and displacement. Society has
I often been likened to a pyramid, "whose
base Is th.- bono and sinew of the land
and the apex the upper classes, but this
likeness can be carried still farther— the
base being largely of the broad-headed
type of men, graduating toward the top
Into a predominance of the narrow-head
ed. The pyramid is constantly changing
Teople are dropping off at the top and
being recruited from the ablest represent
ablest representatives of the lower classes
It is known as a fact that several gener
ations ago the average family of genteel
parents was eight children, where now II
Is only two.
From the largo common class of society
grow two distinct classes one. the Intelli
gent middle class in city and country,
whose members have medium-sized fami
lies, but somehow fall to materially bet
ter their condition; and th.- other, the up
per class, with nervous, energetic charac
teristics and small families. Both of
these latter two classes, the majority of
whom are narrow-headed, tend to die out
but the number of generations necessary
to accomplish this has not been deter
mined. This is one of the tnings which
Dr. Closson, Dr. Sargent of Harvard, and
Dr. Ripley of Columbia are now attempt
ing to find out. and at the same time dis
cover the exact effect of education and
refinement on the size of the family
The study in California will afford data,
though necessarily incomplete, as to the
size of families among Callfornians. What
the ultimate result of the Investigation
in anthropology in Europe and the United
; States will reveal is only a surmise, but It
! Is liable to cause a reconstruction of ideas
[ as to the history of the human race, and
i will undoubtedly throw considerable light
I on our obscure past. Already me inves-
I tigations have led to a well-defined belief
| supported by solid reasoning, that the
; home of the Aryan race was In the center
. of Europe, rather than In India, and that
the blonde, narrow-headed type of man
: originated In Scandinavia, when that land
[ was larger and its climate more suitable
; for human habitation.
TWO SPANISH GUNS.
Sent by Admiral Dewey to the Na
tional Musuena.
WASHINGTON, May 11.—The National
Museum ln this city has received from
Admiral Dewey two cannon captured
from the Spaniards when Cavite fell. In
one of them two shells and a grape shot
were found. A gunner summoned from
the navy yard extracted the shells, which
contained moldy powder. They would
have exploded If ignited.
The transport Buffalo, which reached
New York several days ago, has six can
non from naval officers at Manila con
signed to the museum.
■■» ■ • '
00000000000000000
a READ o
» Brig. Gen. King's »;
„ Stirring Story of Our Sol-
2 diers .- w
o In the Blood-Stained o
° Trendies of Manila **
o o
Q In Next Sunday's Call. &
00000000000000000.
CORRIGAN STILL
DRAGGING FOR
MORE PURSES
He Hates to Leave Our
Rich Sucker Soil.
— • —
BACKED HIS ST. CASIMIR
— ♦
CALDWELL GAVE THE RACE TO
THE YOUNGSTER.
♦
Judges Also Gave Corrigan's Adolph
Spreckels the Verdict in a Nose
Pinish — How the Races
Were Won.
»
While dozens of California horsemen
are going hungry, their poor, weather
beaten charges neighing for a good feed
of oats, Ed Corrlgan, the curse of all that
is good and pure in racing, has race after
race placed on the programme for the
winners and non-winners of his string.
Thus does the man who ruined racing in
Chicago and sounded its deathknell in
Ban Francisco now seek to prostitute
this noble sport In the city across the
bay. He heads the list of winning own
ers for the entire season, but still his lust
for gold is insatiate. Leaving behind him
a trail of blood, misery and woe, he
sought this far Western country to re
coup his fallen fortune. Seated on a tot
tering throne, surrounded by a corrupt
court, how long will a long-suffering pub
lic bow subservient to this transplanted
ruler?
The above words were not written with
out something to be said in support . of
them. Caldwell's start in the opening
two-year-old race was nothing short of
shocking— was disgraceful. Corrlgan
and his clique played St. Caslmir, and
Caldwell sent the youngster away flying.
He won handily from Hindoo Princess.
San Tomas had worked well enough to
"win a block," and was left at the post.
Five favorites won at this track over
the bay. borrowed from the California
Jockey Club by the exiles of Ingleslde.
This is not to be taken as a criterion of
honesty, for all five winners were heavily
played.
Betting on the six-furlong sprint, sec
ond on the card, was nervous and fluctu
ating. Sly opened favorite, receded to 13
to 5, then later had her price cut to 'J to
5. A plunge mad.- on High Hoe at one
time caused that mar.- to occupy the
place of honor in the betting. Horatio
and Alaria struck tic- stretch first, with
Sly an easy fourth. Ruiz on the latter
gradually forged to the front, beating
Alaria a head on th.- wire, with Horatio
a neck further away.
Charley Fink took the mile and a quar
ter event with his colt Ulm. Seven to ten
was laid about him In th.- ring, and he
won ail the way. Tempo, a 12 to i chance,
1. d the weak!;, ridden Castake out for the
place
With nothing to beat it was no more
than natural that Corrigan's good horse
Adolph Spreckels should win the mile and
a sixteenth selling. He Closed a 1 to 2
favorite, and in a fierce drive earned the
verdict over Malay by a nose. The finish
was such a close and desperate one that
many picked Malay as the winner.
A sprint for maidens followed, in which
Melftarth, backed from 12 to 6, led Santa
Lucia out three lengths. The favorite,
Mar dies, was unplaced. ..;'._..
The closing mile run was only a gallop
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday. May 11, 1899.— Eightieth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club . Weather
fine. Track fast. _^
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding; Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
ll|Q FIRST. RACE Five Ctu-longs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
It- rse.
Weight, st.
*%m.
] 3 ra.
R «ni.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
■
1101 'U tslmir "....112 4 ... 1 h 11 12 12 Macklin | 2 2
1101 Hindoo Princess... .iwt 3 ... 5 '•_• 6 6 414 2% Bassinger .... 10 20
ni-q r.iiasnndo . ..113 8 ... 4 h 2 h 2 n 3 h Jenkins 4 5
1095 J •om Sharkey 112 1 ... 3 1 4!. 5h 4 2 Glover IS 25
1101 ruletto ' HO 9 •■• 6h 5 I 6 3 5.h Ruiz 6 S
110l"Tanobe HO - ... -'' ■'■ lA 3 1 6 6 Dlngley 6 8
1095 Race to 110 7 ... 7 2 7% 7: i 7 »... W. Narvaez.. 10 20
IOV* Paiana ■■■" 1 5 ... 81% 5.% Sh 8% J. Ward 50 100
1005 Jolly r ßriton 110 6 ... 98 9 10-915 915 W. See 50 150
078 Miss Sophie A ■■■ "■ "• 1 -- "• O'Brien - : - :^ 50 100
rizonl 11'!: * Hah " M 10 2
n:: • _^ njL__i^. urr y 1 2 3
*i>f ft
Timr— % -13^4: % :37%: S. 1:03%. Winner, E. Corrtgan's b. p. by St. Andrew-Ottyana.
Bad start.' Won handily. Second and third driving
Caldwell presented the race to St. Caslmir. Ihe "(\vrrlgan outfit played him. San
Scratched -Surfeit 110, Pythla 110, Atelog 110, Bogus Bill 113. Kickumbob 113. Aborigine 110.
1114.
SECOND RACE— Six furlonßK; Felling;
upward; purse. $400.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
'im.
Wm.
\m.
Ptr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(Op. Cl.
(110?) Sly. S 113 4
1099 Alaria, 3 38 '
IW3 Horatio. 5 112 2
(10R7) High Hoe, 4 105 3
1106 Tony Lrlcalzl, 4 11l 6
1009 Sir Drlan, 3 101 1
1105 Oahu, 4 106 5
1094 Outright, a __. 109 8
4 h
3 1
2 4
1 ' =
7 1
6 4
5 14
8
4 4
.3 4
1 h
2 Hi
7
6 3
8
4 5
2 4
1 '2
3 4
5 6
63
7 5
_8
1 h
i h
3 3
4 h
5 10
6 3
7 5
8
Ruiz
Basstnger ....
Glover
Jenkins
Hahn
Kellas
Romero
I Robinson
8-6 9-6
3 18-3
6 10
2 2
12 20
20 100
100 200
100 100
Tini> •' i : %. 1:1.">- Winner, P. M. Hanlon's b. m. by Racine-Rosebud.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Sly wns rt'Furrerte.l by the ju'ls^p after receding to 13 to 6. Alaria should have won.
High Hoe '.!]]• Licalzl away oft.
' Fan OS. HlKhlaml Ball. 110. Torlhio 107. Rey Hooker 9S. Oralbee 95.
IIIK THIRD i:\'i: one and a quarter miles; selling: three-year-olds and upward;
lilOt purse, $400.
Tndex. Horse. Age. Weltrht.
St. Std. *4m.
'im.
%m.
Str.
Fin
Jockeys.
! Rett
Op.
(1066) T'lm. 3 96 3
1102 Tempo, 4 M 0 4
1109 fastake, 4 107 2
(U'79) Per^onne. 5 11l 5
LOSS Twinkle Twlnk. i..W< 7
1093 Roadrunner. a U4 8
1085 .Alvin E, i", ill' fi
1076 Eurrkii. _ ...1141 1
1 4
4 14
3 Vi
6 h
8-
-6 5
2 1
7 h
1 4
3 4
4 1
6 2
7 2
5 h
2 '-■
8
1 h 13
314 2'j
414 3 4
7 1 6
fi 2 7
53 4 4
2h S 1
8 S
1 2
2 1
3 5
6
6 6
4 h
7 3
8
12 J. Ward !
2Vi Dlngley
3 8 Jenkins '
4 4 Glover
5 h Robinson
610 Macklin
7 4 Fallehy
8 lHahn
I 6
! 2
M
15
10
I 100
3-5
12
2
10
150
■ 40
100
400
Time U. :K; 'i-. :61%; %. 1:18; mile, 1:44; 1% miles. 2:lii Winner. Mrs. C. P. Fink's
b. c. by Balßowan-Fennyrnyal. Good ptart. Won first thrt^» driving.
Tlni \va? all out. Tempo tried to run kindly. Castake wan dead. So was Personne.
1116.
FOURTH RACK— One and a sixteenth miles; selling: three-year-olds and up-
ward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Arc. Weight.
St. Std. Urn.
Urn.
»im.
Str.
Fin.
IVtting.
Op. CI.
1097 Ad. Spreckels, E....U6 3
1081 Malar, I 9 fi 2
1105 Rev del Tierra. 5...11! 1
UOt T.ns Medanos. 3 101 1 4
4
3 2
1 2
2 4
4
3 4
2 4
1 h
4
3 14
2 4
1 h
4
3 h
1 1
2 1
2 >A
1 h
4
1 h
3 6
4
Jenkins '
Ward I
Macklin '
Daaslnger . . . . |
7-10
1-2
6
6
Time— l-16. :06%; 5-16 :31>i: 9-16, :.,«%; 13-16. 1:22',; mile. 1:41%; 1 l-16m. 1:48. Winner.
E. Corrlgan's br. g. by Ixjngfellow-Jennle Treacy. Good start. Won first three driving.
Spreclcela won the last jump. Key del Tlerra was a live one to-day. Los Medanoa
blew tip. . . s
1117.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Felling; maidens; four-year-olds and upward; purse.
$400. "
Index. Horse. Age. Weißht.
Index. Hon
1111 Melks
1046 Santa
1111 Henr>
109S Mara
1109 Flaco
1098 Catas
969 Zem 5
1O!)S Nund
in<is Rio G
1098 Paul
1111 Melkarth. 4 .102 5 ... 3 4
IMG Santa Lucia, 5 100 9 ... 2 n
1111 Henry C. 4 106 2 ... 7 4
1098 Mareelles. 4.. 106 3. , ... 6%
1109 Flacon. 4 100 7 ... 8
1098 Catastrophe." 5 105! fi . ...■>■ 414
969 Zem Zem. 4 100 1 ..... lh
109S Nuneomar. 5 1121 8 ... .9
10SS Rio Glenn. 4 106110 ... _ 10
1098 Paul Kruger. 4 105) 4 ... 5 4
•se.'Age. Weight. St. Mm. Urn. %m. Str. ' Fin. Jockeys. Op. cl'
arth. 4 102; 5 ... 3'i SI ... 114 Ruiz .12 5
» LiUCia. 5 100 9 ... 2n 6»5 ... '2% W. See 13 31
yC. * 1061 2 ... 7 4 414 ... 3H Hahn 15 20
•elles. 4.. 105 3 , ... 6'» 54 ; ... 4 1 Ba*singer .... 1 6-S
-.n. 4 105 7 ... 8 7 ... J> 2 Ding-ley 30 20
strophe. "6 1061 « . ... ■'4 14 2h ... 6 2 W. Narvaez.. 5-2 9-2
Zem. 4 1001 1 ... In 1 h ... 7 6 Coburn 20 60
omar. 5 11218 ... .9 8 Er ... 8 1 Macklln 15 30
3tenn. 4 106J10 ... 10 . 9 ... 9 1 Jenkins 5-2 18-S
KruKer. 4 105) 4 ... 54 . ID ... in |Fallehy ....... 8 20
Ist.
] im.
Urn.
8 1
6 15
4 14
2 h
1 h
8
9
10
%m.
Str. Fin.
1 *4
'-' tt
I y{
4 1
r. 2
6 2
7 6
8 1
9 1
in
Ruiz
W. See
Hahn
IRiLFsInR-pr ....
D!ngrley
W. Narvaez..
Coburn
[Macklln
l.Tenkin.o
Fallehy
Time— U, :2S; Ms. :50; Vi. 1:1«4. Winner, M. Qutnn's b. g. hy lmi>. Marlner-Eufalta.
Good start Won nrpt three driving.
Winner was the pood thlnp. Hassinger, on the favorite, was well taken care of.
Scratched- Lomo 102, Cyaro lOC.
1118.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight.
'im.
4m.
94m.
Sfr.
Fin.
1104 San Venado. 4 11
1094 RlnKmaster. E V
1100 Storm Klnp. 5 1
1071 Inverary 11. 4 1
(1090) fiil'bortlfllbliet. 5 1
1104 Imp. Mistral 11. -*..i:
1 1
is
4 h
E '-
2 3' .
a 14
6
1 h
3 h
,5 li .
2 i' =
(42
6
1 n
3 1
6
2 m
5 h
4 4
In
nm
4 1
2 tt
8 4
• «
5 n
1 3 i Jenkins ....... !
2 3 Ruli
3h' W. Naf\'aez..
44 ' Holmes .. ".
5 3 Robinson .....
6 Q. Wilson ....
7-10 1-2
10 30
3 13-2
10 7
15 40
6 8
Time— l ,. 2:4: v, :50; X. 1:164; mile, 1:4a»4. Winner. K. J. Raid win's br. h. by imp.
Duncombe-Lizzie B. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Saa Yenado pounds the best. Inverary badly ridden.
for San Venado. The Baldwin entry ruled
a stanch favorite and won easily from
Ringmaster, a 30 to 1 shot. Storm King,
sore and lame, ran third. •
Track Notes.
When the odds against Sly reached 13 to 5
the owners of the mare went to the Judges
stand and requested the retiring gentleman
reposing therein to kindly resurrect her. Ruiz
was read a lesson and Went out and won. If
the judges would keep a closer eye on the
fluctuating prices they might save the under
takers a heap of work.
The Hanlon Brothers have concluded to ship
Sly to St. Louis along with the string of
Hughey Jones.
It is said that Johnny Rclff has had about
enough of the game. Only a mite in the saddle,
he has been fined on numerous occasions by
Caldwell when not at fault, and Enoch \V ish
ard has about decided to keep his midget rider
on the ground.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs: two-year-olds.
10S3 Maj Gertrude. .llo, 1093 Flush of G01d. .110
1091 Kitty lly.. ..120 (10! 6)Bamboulla ...-.ll*
(10S3)Tar Hill 118 1016 Candlelight 11..10.,
1101 Honor Bright.. 1 1073 Bogus Bill.. 103
1095 Bathos 118 916 lUilouette 100
1107 Surfeit 100!
Second Race— Six. furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
1103 El Estro 95] 1065 Madrone 1U
1066 Oraibee 07 1039 Homestake 109
1077 Judge Stouffer.lll 1096 Solstice 9u
1103 Sylvan Lass.... 95 I 1068 Uncle True 109
396 Valenclenne .. 107 1085 Judge Napton..lo9
1050 ■bey 11l 1084 Jerilderlo 109
Third Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
1110 Yaruba 1091 1103 The Offering. ..lo7
1070 Ach 109] 1055 Saintly 109
1096 C.H.Harrison Jrlo9 1103 RacebUd l"7
1039 Genua 1171 1103 Earl Islington. ll2
1110 Watossa 109 1 1065 Royal Fan 107
Fourth Race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
1105 Pelxntto 112] 1099 El Salado 107
(535)Elidad 112 1114 Oahu 107
1111 Stiver State 110 1065 Defender 112
1077 Fongo 112 1 1105 Rlcardo 112
105S Major Cook 112 1068 Hohenzollern .115
Fifth Rare— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
110S imasa l09|(1102)Cabrillo lit
1108 Montallade ....111 (llOS)Lothian 97
1055 Ann Page 85 1055 Jingle Jingle... 95
1096 Somis 103 1108 February 11l
i -i Rosemaid 107 jUUDNovta 109
Sixth Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap.
(HOl)Mary 81ack. ...127 1106 Highland Ball.. 90
1062 Satsuma IIS. 1051 liar. Thoburn.. 97
1109 Socialist 100' 1103 Pompino Kri
1114 Tony Llcalzl.;. 90 1114 Alaria 85
(1065)1 Don't Know 9l !
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Kitty Kelly, Bamboulla, Tar
Hill;
Second Race— Valenclenne, El Estro, Judge
Stouffer.
Third Race— Carter H. Harrison Jr., Ach,
Genua.
Fourth Race— Pelxotto, Silver State, Elidad.
Fifth Race— Cabrillo, Jingle Jingle, Feb
ruary.
Sixth Race— Alaria, Mary Black, Highland
Ball.
Bailroad Appointments.
1 T. S. Bullock, general manager of the
Sierra Railway Company of California,
has appointed S. H. Smith general freight
and passenger agent of the company with
headquarters at Jamestown, Cal. Mr.
Smith will succeed B. T. Booze, who has
resigned to accept service with the South
ern Pacific Company in this city. The
health of Mr. Booze's wife necessitated
his removal from Jamestown.
.Mr. Smith has been joint agent of the
Santa Fe and Southern Pacific companies
at Mojave and more recently has been
rati clerk In the local Southern Pacific
office. His appointment meets with gen
eral approval and he has a thorough
knowledge of railroad affairs.
General -Agent William D. Sanborn of
the Burlington route has appointed W.
W. Elliott agent for Southern California
of the roads leased by the Chicago, Bur
lington and Qulncy Railroad Company.
Mr. Elliott will be in charge of the freight
and passenger traffic, with headquarters
at Los Angeles, and will succeed P. C.
Matthews, who has been transferred. Ed
ward L. Lewis, who has been in charge
of the Los Angeles office, will take the
place of Elliott, who was chief clerk in
the local office of the Burlington route for
a number of years.
ANTI-CEMETERY
LEAGUE WILL
ENTER POLITICS
Question to Be a
Campaign Issue.
♦ —
CANDIDATES TO BE PLEDGED
— « —
STRIVING FOR A NEW SCHOOL
IN WESTERN ADDITION.
♦
Lowell High School Said to Be la
adequate for the Demands
Now Being Made
Upon It.
The crusade against the cemeteries in
Western Addition which has been waged
for years was given fresh impetus last
night by the organization of the Anti-
Cemetery League. Dr. Charles V. Cross
was elected temporary chairman and E.
P. E. Troy temporary secretary. The
closing of the cemeteries will be made an
issue in the forthcoming campaign. It is
proposed to exact pledges from candi
dates at the primaries thai they favor
' prohibiting the further burial of the dead
; within the limits of the city.
For years politicians have been wary ol
the cemetery question. The men who
represent the cemetery associations have
made the assertion that thi owners of bu
rial plats constituted the bulk of the vot
ing population and would defeat an: man
or measure tending to close the ceme
teries. The claim is made that the oppo-
Bite is the case; that the general public
is aware of the fact that the cemeteries
are a menace to the health of the > city
and a bar to its progress. he grow
of the city is pointed as an example to
this. It is built up a mile beyond the
cemeteries toward the southwest^while
the growth has been retarded in tna
Western Addition and Richmond.
The officers of the new league expect to
derive their •chief support from the mem
bers of Western Addition Improvement
Club, Richmond District Improvement
Association and from the Bush street ami
tie- Polk street clubs. In addition every
Improvement club in the city will be re
quested to send one delegate to the meet
ing, at which the league will be perma
! nently organized. The present agitation
i- not for the immediate removal or tho
cemeteries, but for their closing. It is
expected the next twenty years will bring
about the actual removal of all the cleatl.
The agitation which has been maintained
! recently is slowly effecting what it has
been found impossible to bring about by
' legislation uo to the present time. ahe
: majority of burials now being made are
; In family plats sold by the Cemetery As
sociation years ago. Few people are buy-
Ing plats in the local cemeteries, prefer
ring to go Into Sat. Mateo County, where
their dead can rest undisturbed.
The meeting at which the -Cemetery
League was formed was called chiefly to ad
vocate the claims of the Western Addition
to a new high school building. The Lo
well High School building is said to be
entirely inadequate to meet the demands
made upon it. The following plan of cam
paign was determined upon: First to se
cure the approval of the Board of Educa
tion in the premises; second, to appear
before th" Supervisors and petition them
to allow for the expenditure in the pro
posed bond issue, and third, to procure
the co-operation of all the improvement
clubs. ' • •■" • -•..* . *' : " ,;;?_: "T_; i .-""■
President Charles H. Hubbs announced
at once the following committee to repre
sent Richmond District Improvement As
sociation; E. P. E. Troy, Charles Sutro,
Charles F. Mueller and C. H. Hubbs.
President Cross of Western Addition Club
named Andrea Sbarboro as one member
of the committee, the remaining members
to be selected at the next meeting. ■
The me. ting last night was attended by
Dr. Charles V. Cross, J. Henderson,
Charles 11. Hubbs, W. H. Hazell and E.
P. E. Troy. :;:»■■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOMACH ~~
MD LIVER.
Countless Numbers Who Suf-
fer From Disease of
These Organs.
HOW TO OBTAIN EFFECTUAL AND
PERMANENT RELIEF.
It is seldom that stomach trouble, or
liver trouble, occurs as independent affec-
tions. Disease of either organ usually in-
duces functional derangement of the
other. People who suffer with indiges-
tion usually suffer with constipation as
well, due to a decrease in the secretion of
bile. " ■"";--: '."■'■{■■■■,
In order that one may . enjoy good
health, all the organs that are concern. .1
In the digestion of food must be in good
working order. There Is the stomach, tho
liver, the pancreas, the bowels, all of
which contribute to digestion. They are
all subject to deleterious Influences, and
as stated above, derangement of one af-
fects the other.
The Great Hudvan reaches them all in
its curative influence. It strengthens and
stimulates all these glands. Hudyan as-
sists in the assimilation of food -the con-
verting of it into flesh and blood. People
who suffer from liver and stomach dis-
order are nearly always thin and sallow.
Hudyan makes flesh and blood, restores
the glow of health to all pale men and
women. Hudvan will promptly relieve the
headaches that attend such disorders.
People with liver and stomach trouble
usually feel tired and languid. Hudyan
will give activity and energy to all such
sufferers. Hudyan will restore brain
quietude; it will produce natural steep*-
because it insures a perfect discharge ot
the digestive functions. Hudyan corrects
all those nervous conditions that are us-
ually associated with digestive disturb-
ances. , , . _ »_
Hudvan is for sale by druggists— soc »
package or six packages for 12.50.
If your druggist does not keep Huflynn.
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
COMPANY, corner Stockton. Ellis an 4
Market streets, San Francisco, Cal.
You may consult tbe Hudyan Doctors
about your case free of charge. Call or
write. •".
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS A BRUNE. Agents,
322 Market street, By F.— (Send for Circular.)
Sill VITAUS
i_Z^S%C^^l| THE NEW
tartar km. Day. «-~ Hj£ W FRENCH,,
VITAUS 20th^ X. m Dcucnv
PUODrtES THE ABOTB 30th Day. IlLiflClSJlll
S K LT F *■" quick i * » ""ores Nervousness, loi^t.n'y
Nightly Emissions, Inl Dream. Wastine. Diseasea and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indi.cr-tion. Restores Lost Vitality -
Power and Failing Memory Wards off Icsanitv and Caumnil
Men. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITA I It?"
no other, Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail •id.,
per J»<*.reorsix for *5.00 with a fu.r.nte, tTc _ «
Refund the Money. Circular Tree. Address uro •*
CALUMET OURECO., 884 »e_rb„r_ S_. C_le*-»
; Sold bj Owl Drug Co., 8. F. ana OaklaaA.FOLLOWERS OF D. M. BURNS
NAMED FOR OFFICE BY GAGE
Pierce of Yolo and Leavitt of Alameda for
State Normal School Board.
GOVERNOR GAGE has made another batch of appointments in which there is a sprinkling
of touts and politicians of a cloudy record. It is now obvious that he has fully made up his
mind to ignore the clean and reputable men of the commonwealth and bring to the front
second and third raters in the following of Dan Burns.
Paris Kilburn was the first of the Burns gang to be rewarded. Subsequently the office
of secretary of the Pilot Commission was given to Eddie Conroy, the confidential clerk of Burns.
Eon Brown, who has always been in the Southern Pacific camp, was placed on the State Board
of Equalization to fill a vacancy. Grove L. Johnson of the Burns Sacramento corral was ap
pointed to the State Board of Agriculture. He voted for Burns on every ballot cast for Senator
at the last session of the Legislature.
Gage's idea of how a Normal School should be managed is made known in some of his se
lections. For example. Frank W. Leavitt of Oakland, whose connection with the racetrack as
the programme publisher is well known, has been selected as a trustee of San Jose State Normal
School. He voted for Burns on every ballot. George W. Pierce of Yolo, who was censured by
his constituents for placing Burns in nomination, has also been selected to assist in governing the
Normal School at San Jose.
The following telegram from Sacramento shows that the Governor continues to be gov
erned: by Burn-;:
SACRAMENTO. May 11.— Governor Gage this evening made the following appointments: Trustees of the San
Francisco Normal School— M. Cooney, for four years; H. G. W. Dinkelspiel, for one year; F. A. Hyde, for three years;
W. G. Jobson for two years; Judge S. C Denson, for four years.
San Jose Normal School— Frank H. Short of Fresno, for four years: F. W. Leavitt of Oakland, for four
years; George Sweigert of San Jose, for one year; Dr. H. C. Brown of San Jose, for two years; George W. Pierce
of Davisville. three years.
The Governor also appointed Adolph Greenlnger of San Jose to be a member of the board of managers of the
State Hospital at '.• vs, vice Frank H. Gould, who is at present a member of the Building and Loan Com
mission and disqualified. The appointment of George Sweigert and Dr. H. C. Brown of San Jose as trustees of
the Normal School at that place is regarded here as a m._k of recognition of the Governor's obligations to Jim Rea,
the San Jose boss, who is known to have advocated their selection. The actual compensation of the position of
trustee is small, but the patronage which the place offers is large and it therefore appeals to the consideration of
the politician. George W. Pierce of Davlsville, Yolo County, while a member of the Assembly, nominated D. M.
1 turns for I'nlted States Senator and stood by him from first to last. For this faithfulness he has been recognized
by Governor Gage, say the politicians to-night.
Another tribute to the potency of Burns was paid this evening, when Supreme Court Clerk George "W. Root
announced the appointment of Charles E. Bailey to be Deputy Supreme Court Clerk at the Sacramento office.
Bailey is a nephew of D. M. Burns. The salary is $150 per month, and the work is not of such an arduous charac
ter as to weigh the incumbent down with official cares. Bailey has been engaged as a traveling representative of
a San Francisco wholesale grocery firm. The appointment to-day of W. H. Seamans of Los Angeles as as
sistant secretary of the State Commission in Lunacy, at a higher salary than he had been reciving in the term of
service just closed, is regarded here to-night as effectually placing him outside of the probabilty of being chosen
Adjutant General, for which place it had been believed he stood a good chance. It is now pretty generally con
ceded thai th" appointment of Adjutant General will fall to J. C. Currier of San Francisco, who was chairman of the
executive committee of the Army and Navy League, which warmly supported the candidacy of Gage for Governor.
PETER M'GLADE
SHOULD KNOW
HIS FATE TO-DAY
Case to Be Submitted
This Morning.
— • —
ALLEGED FORGER TESTIFIED
— ♦ —
DEFENSE WAS A SURPRISE TO
THE PROSECUTION.
•
Attorneys for the Accused Plainly
Depend Upon Technicalities to
Keep Him Out of
Prison.
Peter McGlade. late of the Street De
partment, will know his fate to-day. The
case, of the defendant came to a sudden
and unexpected end yesterday morning.
♦
i
♦-<$-♦- <*>-♦_<$>- ♦_^,-^_ /J, _♦_ A, _♦_ <$►-♦- 9
PETER McCLADE.
The prosecution occupied several days put
ting ln its testimony against the accused.
All official connected with the depart
ment who had any knowledge of the mis
deeds of McGlade, and some who had not,
Were examined. Handwriting experts
gave their opinions at length as to whose
hand traced the signatures on the various
documents and then the case of the com
monwealth rested.
It was expected that a week would be
occupied by the defense in an endeavor to
prove thai McGlade did not forge the
various warrants as charged, but the de
fense, evidently assured of victory on the
various technical points raised during the
trial, rested its case after McGlade had
taken the stand and briefly denied that
he forged the documents as charged in
the Indictments. Assistant District Attor
ney Black refrained from cross-examining
the defendant, and the trial was con
cluded as far as the examination of wit
nesses was concerned.
Assistant District Attorney Black's ar
gument was purely analytical, segregat
ing the various damaging statements
against the accused from the main body
of the testimony and placing special
stress upon them. The opening argument
did not occupy more than an hour, and
then Mr. Ready, Who represents the ac
cused began his address for the defense.
His argument was based solely upon the
contention that tip- prosecution had failed
tn overcome the presumption of Innocence
which the law raises on behalf of a de
fendant In a criminal prosecution. He
also, dwelt upon the contention that the
forged warrant, being void upon its face,
could not be the subject of an indictment
for forgery. Handwriting Expert ECytka
came In for a share of the attorney's sar
casm, and will doubtless suffer further
grilling before the case is submitted to
the jury. Mr. Redely will conclude his
argument this morning. Attorney Black
will close for the prosecution, and before
nightfall a verdict will be found.
MEDALS FOR THE SOLDIERS.
The committee appointed by the grand
president of the Native Sons of the
Golden West to prepare medals for the
soldiers of the First California, to be
presented to them upon their arrival
on American soil, met fast evening. The
full committee was presided over by
John T. Greany. The business transacted
during the evening was the formulation
of a general plan to be submitted to the
joint committee and grand officers at a
meeting next Saturday night.-
It was suggested that a committee be
appointed to prepare a roll of all those
who are entitled to medals or certificates;
also that a committee on finance and one
on publicity and promotion be named at
the next meeting. Another committee,
consisting of live members, will be ap
pointed to solicit, receive and pass upon
all designs for medals and certificates.
A committee, consisting of Morton C.
Allen. P. F. Byington and W. D. Shea,
was appointed to prepare an address or
circular to be sent to subordinate parlors
with a view of- obtaining their co-opera
tion and inviting the Native Daughters to
r">-ticipate. A committee, consisting of
\\. W. Shannon, James A. Devoto and Ed
Taafe, was named to interview the Mint
authorities and ascertain what work
could be done on medals in that institu
tion. The committee already has per
mission from the Federal authorities to
use the Mint machinery in striking off
the medals, providing the dies and ma
terial are furnished.
LADIES ORGANIZE
BANDS OF MERCY
CHILDREN TO BE TAUGHT TO
TREAT ANIMALS KINDLY.
The Movement Promises to Spread
Over the City and State A
Good Start Is Already
Made.
A number of lady members of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty met
I yesterday in the Parrott building and laid
I the plan for the organization of hands
lof mercy all over the city and State.
! Among those who have undertaken the
' work are Mrs. M. E. Holbrook, who pre
i sided. Mrs. H. G. Goodrich, Mrs. S. Paul
son, Mrs. S. ]?. Whiting and Miss M. E.
! MeGraw. Mrs. Holbrook stated that the
j best way of teaching the people to be
I merciful to dumb animals Is to begin with
the children and educate them from the
. time they are able to talk. Once the
! idea Ie Implanted in their minds thai they
I have no right to abuse and maltreat the
dumb animals under their care it is never
I eraser), and the child thus Impressed will
always be a protector to the lower order
of creatures. Much of the cruelty prac
ticed comes from Ignorance and thought
lessness.
She stated thai In nearly every city of
importance in the United States bands of
mercy have been organized among the
\ children and every member of every band
seems to feel that he or she has been
appointed a special protector of animal
life and welfare. The moral effect upon
the older generation is particularly bene
) licial, and many a big, strong, quick
tempered man has beep made kino and
thoughtful to his horses and dogs through
the influence of his child. As in tin- East,
so must the real work be done here—
among the children of the public schools.
Already fifty bands have been formed in
public schools and the movement must
not be allowed to die for the want of
support and encouragement, and there Is
no better organization for this work than
this society. It was decided by those
present that all of the ladies of the so
ciety should be aroused and Induced to
assemble at the same place two weeks
hence.
In the meantime a committee of ladies
will visit the public schools and keep up
the work already started. This commit
tee will solicit donations for the purchase
of badges to be given to the members of
every band, and the purchase of humane
i literature. In the meantime the commit-
I tee will take up the matter of giving
every band a name and number for the
! badge. The ladies feel much encouraged
j over their first efforts in the cause of hu-
I mane treatment of animals.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The entire session of the Odd Fellows'
! Grand' Lodge yesterday was devoted to
i the election of grand officers for the en
suing term. In accordance with the usage
1 of this order the deputy grand master and
I the grand warden were promoted. W. A.
Bonygne of Los Angeles becomes grand
master and J. L. Roblnette of Sacramento
deputy grand master. There was a con
test for the office of grand warden, and
: the choice fell to William Wallace- Watson
lof Fidelity Lodge of San Francisco.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1899.
I George T. Shaw was re-elected grand sec
| retary and James W. Harris was re
j elected grand treasurer. C. O. Burton of
i San Francisco, John Glasson of Grass
j Valley and J. F. Nichols of San Francisco
i were elected grand trustees. Then the
I grand contest was for the office of a
■ trustee for the Odd Fellows' Home. Dan-
I tel Flint of Sacramento was elected, beat
; ing his highest opponent by twenty-Jive
I votes.
I The consideration of the supplemental
: report of the special committee on the
j home at Thermalito, which had been made
I the special order of business after elect
i ion, was postponed on account of the
( lateness of the hour.
In the Rebekah Assembly a great por
| tion of the day was taken up In the elec
; tion of officers. As announced in The
' 'all a few days since there would be,
■ Mrs. Helen M Carpenter of Ckiah was
\ elected president, Mrs. Caroline a. Hoxett
| of Gilroy was elected vice president, Mrs.
i Mary E. Donoho was re-elected secretary
| without opposition and Mrs. Anna M.
■ Leise was re-elected treasurer. The
! greatest contest was for the office of war
i den, there being eight candidates for the
j position. Mrs. Nellie Mitchell of Grass
i Valley was the successful one. Mrs. Olive
: Allen of Santa Rosa, Mrs. Lois Wycoff of
! Berkeley, Mrs. Marlon Greenwood of
I Stockton, Mrs. Josephine Brown of San
I Francisco and Miss Fannie Benjamin of
j Los Angeles were elected trustees.
There were Introduced resolutions look
i ing toward legislation In the Sovereign
1 Grand Lodge to enable the subordinate
. lodges to legislate as to benefits to be paid
! members, and to have representatives to
; the Sovereign Grand Lodge who will have
! a voice In relation to matters affecting
j the Rebekahs.
THE PIONEER CHAPTER.
Thirtieth Anniversary Celebrated by
an Entertainment in Aid of the
Masons' Home.
Golden Gate Chapter No. 1. Order of the
Eastern Star, the pioneer of that order
In this State, was founded In this city
thirty years ago by William S. Moses and
his wife. Addle Warren Moses, both still
active members of the chapter. The
members some time since decided to cele
brate the anniversary by an entertain
ment and dance, charge an admission fee
and donate tho proceeds to the Widows'
and Orphans' Home at Decoto, in Ala
meda County.
The entertainment was given last night
in Golden Gate Hall, and it was attended
by a large number of the numbers and
friends. Judging from the number pres
ent quite a sum will be raised lor the
home. The programme offered had for its
features a dissertation on "The Wheel,"
by Cyrus B. Newton; "Vocal Walt/.,'
Miss Arnand Corcoran; "The Temple
Dance." a piano recital, by Professor
Martinez; "The Monk and the Maid." vo
cal solo, by Ben Tarhox; cello solo. Dr. A.
E. Regensburger; "Annie Laurie," by the
Masonic Temple quartet, and the reading
of Tennyson's poem, "The Lotus Eaters,
by Miss Mabel a. Richardson, assisted by
Mioses Grace Qulnn, Flora Colvin and
Bertha Schllds. The several numbers
were all high class and were well re
ceived. The dance followed, and the suc
cess of the affair was due to the commit
tee of arrangements, composed of Nellie
A. Darling (chairman), Mrs. Ada It. Hun
can. Mrs. Maude Terwilliger. Mrs. Mary
S. Munns. Mrs. Franc H. Morgan. Mrs.
E P. Duren, Mrs. F. Peters, Mrs. Amelia
Haas Mrs. Penola Pabst. Miss E. M.
Bradley. Miss Minnie Jellinek, Miss Etta
Heuer. E. K. Head. G. L. Darling and
Captain Montgomery. Associate Grand
Patron George L. Darling was the floor
manager, assisted by Walter N. Brunt,
Phillip Heuer, J. M. Nye and Charles S.
Darling. .'■"-. "'-■■■'■
The following named past matrons and
patrons constituted the reception commit
tee; Addle Warren Moses, Sarah Jennie
Mann. Mary Sophronia Munns. M. Eliza
beth Pendleton, Mary Brakes Moore,
Franc 11. Morgan. Nellie A. Darling. Mary
Matilda HoltZ, Kate Josephine Wlllats,
Sarah Isabelle Hubbard, Henrietta Heuer,
Julio Mary Fisher. E. P. Duren, S. M.
Wlllats. William Schuyler Moses, George
John Hobe, F. W. Gustave Morbus.
George Louis Darling. William Edmund
Price. Franklin Pettlngell Bull. Milton
Alverd Wheaton, Joseph Henry Scott,
George W. Daywalt. Walter Neat Brunt
and M. A. C. Christesen.
BOYCOTT IS INDORSED.
The Building Trades Council, at Its
meeting last night, adopted resolutions
indorsing the labor boycott against the
firm of Siebe & Green and advocating its
rigid enforcement.
The council also decided to investigate
all the circumstances in connection with
the strike of the miners in Idaho, which
culminated in the blowing ' up of the
Bunker Hill and Sullivan mill and the
order of General Merriam forbidding the
employment of union miners in the mines
of the district. A strong sentiment was
developed at the meeting against the ac
tion of the general before the guilt of the
miners had been established by an im
partial trial.
A committee consisting of P. H. Mc-
Carthy. E. J. Brandon. T. D. Conness, J.
Massey. G. W. Oaks. P. Hannon. W. H.
Goff and W. Ryan to act in conjunction
with a like committee from the Labor
Council In arranging for the celebration
of Labor day was appointed.
MONOPOLY'S FIGURES
TELL THE WHOLE TALE
Actual Cost of the Manufacture of Gas by
the Allied Companies Here.
A Clear Profit of $1000 on Every Million Feet
Sold According to the Very Best Show
ing They Can Possibly Make.
THE gas monopoly of San Francisco [
becomes hysterical at the bare men- ;
tion of a rate of $1 10 per thousand j
feet, and a concerted cry of "confis- ]
cation of property" arises from the down
trodden members of the. corporation.
If one were to go to the office of either
of the companies comprising the monop
oly and ask for a statement showing the !
cost of the manufacture of gas he would
be overwhelmed with figures— the com- j
pany's figures, ready at hand and passed
out to Supervisors and other inquirers !
whenever called for— showing that $1 75
I a thousand barely covers the cost of man- '.
i ufacture and distribution, leaving just ;
'■ sufficient surplus to pay Interest on its
■ stock. And every officer and employe of
the company would willingly furnish an ;
! affidavit as to the correctness of the fig- j
I ures, too.
But the companies have other sets of j
figures bearing on the same subject which
are not given to the public, and are not |
Intended for any eyes but their own.
These figures tell a far different story.
Here is the substance of a report turned I
I in to one of the local companies forming
the monopoly by an employe. It is not
necessary to say how the report reached
the outside, for it was obviously intended
for nobody but the heads of the corpora
tion; It is only sufficient to state that the i
figures given give the top prices of ma
terials, and can be scaled in some re- j
spects, notably for petroleum, materially. I
First.' however, it may be well to give an ,
idea of the process used in the manufac
ture of gas In this city. Five gallons of
petroleum distilled (the residue of petro
leum after extracting the lighter fluids,
such as gasoline, benzine, etc., all of
which constitute a source of revenue)
; will make with superheated steam 1000
1 feel of gas. A charge of 323 pounds of
• coal is placed in the retort and burned
for ten minutes, until the retort has at
tained I'""! degrees or more of heat, then
90 gallons of distillate, a spray of super- |
heated steam, are injected Into the retort
for ten minutes. The gas then passes on ]
I to the purifier, through the usual process
to the gas holders ready for use. Ten j
NO BLANKET
TICKET FOR
CITY DEMOCRATS
Directions to Commit
tee of 100.
— ♦ —
THE PRECINCT DELEGATES
— * —
SESSION OF THE EXECUTIVE
COMMITTEE OF THE STATE.
#.
Preparations Made for the First Pri
mary to Be Held in San Fran
cisco Under the New-
Law.
;-/;> _
The Committee of One Hundred which
led the Democrats of San Francisco to
overwhelming defeat in the political cam
paign last fall is still recognized as the
Democratic governing body of San Fran
cisco. The executive committee of the
Democratic State Central Committee at a
meeting yesterday directed that the One
Hundred should not. at the approaching
primary election, deprive the voters in the
separate districts and precincts of the
right to nominate and elect their own rep
resentatives.
The session of the. executive committee
at the California Hotel yesterday after
noon was not in any sense exciting. Chair
man Seth Mann addressed the assembled
party leaders and In his words Mayor Phe
lan. R. M. Fitzgerald, A. Caminetti, C. O.
Dunbar and J. C. Gallagher listened. The
Mayor held the proxies of Wright and
Sea well, and the chairman was reinforced
by a proxy or two. The chairman did
not endeavor to darken wisdom with a
multitude of words. He made the point
clear to his Democratic brethren that he
recognized the Committee of One Hun
dred as the governing body of the local
Democrats. He maintained that it was
important that the One Hundred should
be advised that districts and precincts
were entitled to vote for deb-pates under
the new primary law. He did not com
mend the plan of State committee Inter
ference in local affairs and recognized the
fact that suit) Interference did not pro
mote party success.
Mr. Gallagher moved that a committee
of three be appointed to consider the sub
ject of apportionment. When Mr. Galla
gher made the motion he did not under
stand that Mr. Fitzgerald had a cut and
dried set of resolutions to follow Mr.
Mann's convincing address. When he saw
that his motion was not seconded he
perceived his mistake and refrained from
further exhibitions of premature zeal. Mr.
Fitzgerald then introduced the following:
Whereas, The Democratic party In San Fran
cisco is now entering upon a municipal cam
paign of vast Importance to the Democrats of
San Francisco and of the State at targe; and
Whereas. We now have upon the statute
books of 'he State a primary law whose funda
mental principle is that the will of the people
should be ascertained by primary elections
separately held in small political subdivisions
and conducted under the forms and safeguards
of law; and
Whereas. Local government is best preserved,
the will of the people most easily determined
and Democratic principles best maintained
when the vote of the people is registered and
cast in the smallest political divisions which
can he expediently and conveniently made; and
Whereas, The custom-, of late years too preva
lent, of ruling the Democratic party of Ban
Francisco through the highest governing body
of the party In the State, has not prevented
factional disruption and internecine strife; and
Whereas, Such Interference is only to be
Justified as a last resort, when all other meas
ures have failed; and
Whereas, In the last campaign the methods
that were pursued culminated in the appeal of
the Hon. Francis J. Heney denying the legality
of the last municipal convention of 100, and
the resolution before this body of the Hon.
M F. Tarpey, denying the legal right of the
committee of one hundred to exist ; and
Whereas. It is commonly reported that it is
proposed to apportion at large the delegates
for the municipal convention to be voted for at
the coming primary election and to have a
small number of delegates and thus tend to de
prive the voters in the separate districts and
precincts of the right to nominate and elect
their own representatives: and
Whereas. If such a plan were liable to be
consummated It would be the imperative duty
of the State Central Committee, having at
heart the best interests of the party, to take
per cent of coal gas is mixed with this gas
to give It body.
One retort can manufacture 1,000,000 feet
of gas every twenty-four hours. A retort
is operated by five men, whose daily
wages aggregate $13 50. Under the old
system 01 manufacturing gas it required
sixty-five to seventy men at the benches
to make the same quantity. The wages
of these men averaged $250 a day, so that
right at the start the company now saves
In the wages of sixty men $150 a day. A
retort costs $13,000, so that the company
saves the price of one in wages alone
every three months under the present sys
tem, besides saving the wear and tear
of benches, use of coal and other Inci
dentals. On a basis of five gallons of pe
'■ troleum for 1000 feet of gas (and this is
the estimate of the gas company official)
it requires 5000 gallons to make 1,000,000
feet, which at 5 cents a gallon (the cost
given) amounts to $250. But the cost is
variously estimated by others at I 1; to 4
cents a gallon, which would materially ;
reduce the pas man's estimate. Then ;
23,000 pounds of anthracite Wallsend &
Gretna coal at $8 a ton. or a total cost
of $S0 a day, are required. This, with
$13 50 daily wages of five men, the cost of
petroleum at their own figures, and say
an allowance of $70 a day interest on the
investment, which is very liberal, brings
the cost of manufacture, according to the
company's own figures, to $413 50 per 1,000,
--000 feet. The company manufactures
about 1,250,000 feet a day. To this the
Company would add office expenses, in
cluding eighteen collectors, six meter.men
and twelve members of the office force.
The cost of delivering gas Is 10 cents per
1000 feet, although the monopoly In its
public statements gives the cost at 50
i cents.
One million feet of gas at $1 75 per 1000
amounts to $1750. while allowing the fan
ciest of fancy, salaries for the office force,
collectors and metermen and 50 cents for
delivery, would not bring the total cost
of manufacture up to more than $750,
which leaves a net profit to the company
of $1000 on every 1,000.000 feet of gas.
Twelve hundred dollars .or even $1300
profit would be nearer correct if the exact
figures for the latter expenses could be
got at. , ; ' ;
Just think how that poor monopoly will
suffer If it is compelled to do a legiti
mate business and sell gas at $1 10 per
1000 feet.
such steps as would in its Judgment give a fair
representation.
Resolved, That we, the Executive Committee
of the Democratic State Central Committee,
direct the committee of one hundred of the
city and county of San Francisco that Demo
cratic success In the coming municipal cam
paign In San Francisco can be best secured by
fixing the number of delegates to th" coming
municipal convention at a number large enough
to be democratic and representative of the
party in each district of the city, and by ap
portioning the delegates by districts or pre
cincts In such a manner that voters shall vote
a' the primaries to be held under the present
law for delegates from their own precincts or
Assembly Districts; and
Resolved. That this committee dismiss the
Henej appeal and the Tarpev resolution.
Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be
forwarded to the chairman and secretary re
spectively of the committee of one hundred.
A. Caminetti. who for some unaccount
able reason had not previously spoken on
the subject, moved that the resolutions
be copied and a copy be transmitted to
each member of the State Central Com
mittee. '■'■-'..* ,
The chairman reminded Mr. Caminetti
that the last day for filing the apportion
ment was July R.
Mr. Caminetti spoke again, and acquired
his customary fluency after, hr uttered
a few words. He said: "We interfered
and made a muddle. Let us stop all in
terference. If we must Interfere, let us
interfere to some purpose. Let us strike
out the word 'advise' and insert the word
'direct.' Let us direct the Committee of
One Hundred to provide for precinct ap
portionment."
Mayor Phelan remarked that no. one,
present advocated a blanket ticket. "I
am in favor." said the Mayor, "of district
representation, but I am opposed to In
serting the word 'direct' in the resolu
tion."
The committee decided by a vote of 0 to
3 to direct the Committee of One .Hun
dred. Mayor Phelan voted in the negative,
but did not vote his proxies on that propo
sition.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
On the adoption the vote was unanimous,
the Mayor voting his proxies In the af
firmative.
It was the expressed sense of the meet
ing that the State Central Committee
should he advised of the action of the
executive committee, but haste in calling
a meeting of the State Committee was not
deemed advisable. '.
A BULL-TERRIER CLUB.
Fanciers Who Take an Interest in the
Fighting Breed of Dogs.
Bull-terrier circles are agitating the
formation of a club devoted to the Inter
ests of that popular breed. Last evening
a number of prominent bull-terrier fan
ciers met at the office of the Breeder and
"Sportsman and organized a strong spe
cialty club. The officers elected were:
Phil J. Fay, president, and R. H. Roun
' tree, secretary-treasurer. A committee
was appointed to draft a constitution, by
laws and submit a plan for perfecting an
organization. A meeting will be held May
24 to complete arrangements. Among
i those on the list -of members arc: Phil J.
Fay, R. H. Rountree, R. J. Braun, E.
' Attrldge, John Bradshaw, George H. Kav
■ anagh, E. B. Laughlin, S. Christenson,
■■ James Lamb, F. A. Bran, J. W. Thrasher,
| John Gleason, Joseph T. Cooney, J. G.
i Fitzgerald. F. E. Goodrich. J. C. Bone,
; William Strand and W. J. H. White.
Improving Richmond.
The demand for building lots in Rich
mond within the past few years has been
the means of extending Improvements to
outside territory. Twelfth avenue, that
a short period ago was considered in the
wilderness, is now being put in condition
for residence purposes.. A contract has
been let to Felix Mcllugh to put in a
sewer on this avenue between Clement
and California. The same contractor has
the macadamizing of Seventh avenue, be
tween C and 1) streets, as also the plac
ing of a sewer in C street, between Sev
enth and Eighth, together with a number
of smaller contracts on street crossings,
where corner buildings are about to be
erected. . : • : •
The proposed northern extension of
Golden Gate Park, taking in a strip of
one tier of blocks between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth avenues, has given an im
petus to owners of property in the near
vicinity of this place to put the same ln
building condition. ■■■'■■
President George R. Fletcher of the
Point Lobos Improvement Club has suc
ceeded in convincing the Park Commis
sioners of the necessity that exists for an
opening Into the park at the junction of
First avenue and Fulton street.
The Commissioners have given Super
intendent McLaren instructions to make
an opening at this place as soon as he
can get his men and trams at work.
The increase of children attending the
public school in this district has made it
necessary for the improvement club to re
quest trie erection of a larger building
than the one now In use. which is over
crowded and ill adapted for the number of
children who attend it.
An Old Lady Disappears.
The disappearance of Mrs. Catherine
Hays, 905 Buchanan street, was reported
to the police yesterday by her husband.
She Is slightly demented and slipped out
of the house Wednesday morning and has
not since been seen or heard of. She is
72 years of age and wore a light calico
dress and brown cape. She was hatless.
THE EMPORIUM. ; THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥**?_
I Iffe IP _?«*HJM Si !
J Saturday. CAUFCGntfs uqcest-Americas grandest store, concert.^
ft // c ALL- DAY 2
ft // Special ALES — // I
ft C/ v ;
ft Remnants Of Silks— Striped and Plaid Taffetas, Brocade *
J Satm Ducnesse, Pnn.ed Indias and Foulards and handsome v' col- J
ft era/ plain Silk.- also, our entire line of Colored Dress *
* . Goods Remnants, consisting of pieces oi i 1-2 to 6 yard*
+ lengtns, wilt be paced on special sale /or Birgain Friday only at%
* f-3 off the marked price. *
* *
» . _,
ft <__v
ft Eighteen stv'es and patterns of Men's $15, $16.50 and *
{ $17.50 Suits (these are the aciuat Honest vanusj are now bang t
ft sold at $9.45. It's the most important clothing offering the big 2
* store has ever made. The reason it the deep pic-cutting is because*
ft we are heavily overstocked. Money back if you are not X
J- perfectly satisfied. *
ft
ft
ft Friday's Biggest and West
ft Underwear^' ,^>; ptia "- :
fr __, m Cotton Vests ana
ft Bargain. Pants, summer :
ft weight,
ft Vests high . /^C\
•♦ neck, long fc 1 -^?/
J sleeves — //,^^J^ff
J high neck, /fT; r VT>-< _^
ft ? l lor /,i ' iJjj^AfW
ft sleeves, Mv^^-SW/c^'CS
* and low /itbS^H'K ' 0
ft neck, no T^^^lWlSlf
ft sleeves \ I^^MllM'r; I
* Pants knee J-4&§§zM\ llttV I
J or ankle -J i
fr, length, " —'
ft buttoned ' ~~ :
ft on the side, ecru color only regularly
ft 25c garment. Special for to-day 0n1y...
» : we
»
»
* For Bargain Friday Qnlv.
J Good Art Jg
* Squares, $3.60. I* \
J wanted for campers or to save your dma-
a ing-room carpet — art squares, 9x12 feet I
ft in siz a , good patterns and colors. Soecial
ft to-day at ...: $3.60
ft
ft
ft
ft For Birgain Friday Only.
ft Special Sale
S Ladies' Oxtords.
J Ladies' f^/^^-- -355>\ i
* Chocolate fjfi_\ " /
J Color Kid -_----<^^ A^>lST7^f J
J Nabia Kid
ft Lace * C^^j/^
ft Oxfords,
ft Ike picture, new coin toes, tip of Nubia |
* Kid, turned sewed soles, a modest shoe, j
* full of style and quiet elegance, regu- ;
J larly $1.45 pair, all sizes. Special on
» Friday only 93c
ft
ft
fr,
ft On Bargain Friday Only.
ft Cretonnes, - 2 - inc h Cretonne, !
z_ ■■__■'■■ _— . handsome pat-
JBC Yartl. terns, just the
ft thing for comforters, quilts, draperies,
ft cushions etc.— regular price 12^c tae
ft yard. Sale price to-day 8c
ft '
ft
ft
ft Bargain Friday Only.
ft I
- Muck Experienced house- '
fr, _"■ keepers appreciate
ft TOWeling. the usefulness and
ft durability of real huckabuck — nothing
ft better for rollers, face towe's and kitchen
■J purposes— a 19-inch wide, fully bleached,
J Irish linen huckabuck, well made a
J sp endid 12' 2 c yard quality. On special
ft sale to-day at 9C
ft
ft "
ft
ft Bargain Friday Specials. \
» Toilet Hair Brushes, genuine
fr, __ . ■ . bristle, medium siza, I
> ArtlCleSm good shape, like pic-
ft ture — good
J value 25c _ x-_" " __^j_.~\
* bru^h. fpe- -=^-r-=^: " J i
* cial to-day... *»W V [J&
J 13c
ft A. Bourjjis' Extracts, genuine and guar-
ft'anteed, 1-oz bottles— Violet de Pa-m?.
ft Peau d'Espagne, Chvpre or Lilas Bane
ft odors — worth regularly 65c oz. To-d?v..
* ..42c
J Toilet Soaps — Heliotrope Blanc or
J Rose Jacqueminot— nicely scented, a good |
ft quality, worth regu arly 35s for box. 3 j
ft cakes. To-day, box _. 17c \
CONVENTION OF
WEATHER OFFICIALS
FORECASTER McADIE SANGUINE
IT WILL COME HERE.
One Hundred and Fifty Delegates
Will Discuss Extension of the
Benefits of the Service.
Alexander McAdie. who is in charge of
the local weather bureau, is sanguine
that the next convention of the weather
bureau officials of the United States will
be held In this city in October. He is
now busy opening tip correspondence with
his brother officers in different States
and expects by this plan of campaign to
make a concerted request upon Willis
L. Moore, chief of the department, in
whose hands the selection of the conven
tion place now rests*
At the last convention, which was held
in Omaha, it was found impossible to
decide on the meeting-place for this year.
Delegates Pindell and Bates spoke for
Chattanooga, Tennessee. Professor Wil
liam Hammon, who was in charge of the
bureau in this city and did much in the
cause of its advancement, made a strong
plea for San Francisco, and was seconded
by Mr. McAdie. who was then In charge
of the New Orelans office. The other in
dividual preferences were: Mr. Pague for
Portland, Oregon; Mr. Cline for Galves
ton. Texas; Mr. Conger for Detroit. Mich
igan, and Mr. Mitchell for Jacksonville.
Florida. No vote was taken and the mat
ter was turned over to the Chief of the
Weather Bureau.
In discussing the prospective coming of
the convention to this city Mr. McAdie ■
said:
"There will be at least a hundred and
fifty delegates at the next convention of
Weather Bureau officials, and the pros
pects are very encouraging that it will
be held here. My plan of campaign will
be to communicate with the officials
throughout the country and show the
benefits which will accrue to them and the
service in general by coming to the West
ern metropolis. By journeying to this
extreme point they will learn consldera
[ ble about the problems affecting frult
Bargain Friday Wash Fabric Offe- J
Printed A £ rand line of 35- J
o_» •___-_#___» inch Percales and «i
Percales. Mad™ coths. good J
quaaty, styiish designs and colorings, in _>
the wide strips and plaids so fashion- ♦
able— lavender, new blue, black and *
white, heliotrope, pink. etc. — standard *
value for 12j^c yard. All this day only «
at 7,6*
— . *
4*
Friday Furniture Bargain. *
Dining %
Chair* (f^^^^) 1
•wit X^Mt^4& p *v- ' __
nMnnM M X
This substantial m\ftlaF-S *
wood seat H?ia?(loHß 2
Dining Chair, W V\\\ 11 l\l *
braced back, \AAlU\_yL|-^\. 2
good heavy f^' __^-^ ♦
spindles. ljVj~Z^Xs^<^ *
broad and //^F "~Z^?-rnx_-Rl *
easy seat, /^L ____Jj^sJ *
worth $1.25 /'N lIW-Ag-^ I *
each. For ___J '«-*' ' J <§
to-day only a _J J
75c '~^ J
*
Bargain Friday Clean-up of 2
Skirt " nave a num^ er *
__- of odd makes and ♦
BintlingS. colorings which we J
shall offer at special sale to-day at 3c J
yard. The lot comprises Corduroys, |
Waterproof Felt, Cord Serge and Kil
Elge. Prices regularly were sc, 6;<i and _>
7u c the yard. ♦
You will find some black among them. ♦
*
For Bargain Friday Only. *
Picture Square Cabinet Frames *
_„ in Antique and Flemish *
Frames. Oaks; TerraCotta Stain J
[ and Green _>
Bronze, 'yV^ 4S__3v! *'
with mats jC^l %^ ( - J^t '~*f.'- *
to mate l, 3?r /» ♦
all orna- 6; I— ' "J/ /f J
minted > j I Ii _"
with •" / / /// J
hand-ome // / / ;// l •*
gilt - I / /// 1 «
corners /■ / // I _>
and mad a Rj f /jh \ *
to hang or $' //I *
stand— rr^--~ "7~^::j4 J
regular y '" <^W J
75c each.
Special to day at 35c ♦
*
2
For Friday and Saturday Only. *
Groceries, _ Dir f fc G '" c r y J
- . Telephone. South V
LIUUOrS. 59— lowest prices *
a ways — th S3 lower than the owest: 2
8.-st Eastern Hams, regularly 13 -c lb — 2,
to-day and Saturday..... 11c _•
600 tins extra quality Royal Ann Table _>
Chetries, regu arly 2 lc, while quantity ♦
last; 15c, 7 tor $1.00 *
Royal Baking Powder, lib cans, 2 *
days 39c J
Schepp's Cocoanu\ J^-lb packages, regu- 2*
larly 15c, .'or He 2
Best Eastern Lard, slb tins, regularly +
55c for 4 5c 4 1
RalSod-j. for2davs..3o lbs tor 25c »i
Shaw's Malt, good as Duffy'- or your money *
returned, re ularlys I bo tie, for 750 £
Port or Sherry, our $1.50 quality, for 2 J
days, per gallon $1.00 &
Champion Bourbon, regularly $3.50 gal-
lon, for $2.75 4
growing. We grow everything here ex
cept cotton and sugarcane, and the
knowledge that can be obtained will be
invaluable.
"San Francisco is getting to be quite a
convention city. ' We are to have the
presidents of the agricultural colleges
here in July, and I think their natural
concomitants, the weather officials,
should come here also, It will be an ed
ucation for them to do so. They came
half way across the continent to Omaha
last year and they should finish their
journey now that they have the oppor
tunity. Different climatic problems
will also be offered for their investiga
tions, which will add largely to their
store- of knowledge.
"The main business that will come be
fore the convention will be the extension
of the benefits of the service. The good
results of the last convention are incal
culable. There was not one of the dele
gates who went away and did not say
'I have learned something."
"As each man pays his own expenses
the railroad should offer some indue
ments. Eastern roads are very liberal with
us, and gladly provide the delegates with
passes. While we do not expect this
from the local road, still I have no doubt
that some arrangements may be be made
with it. and I propose to have a confer
ence with the officials in a few days and
see if certain concessions cannot be ob
tained."
POKER IN THE CAFE ROYAL.
The Case Against H. A. Horlein, the
Proprietor, Called in ' Judge
Mogan's Court.
The case of H. A. Hornlein. proprietor
of the Cafe Royal on Market street,
; charged with permitting' a percentage
game of poker to be played in his estab
lishment, was called in Judge Mogan's
■ court yesterday afternoon.
A venire of 100 jurors had been served.
' but before the names were put in the box
Attorney Ach for the defendant made sev
j eral objections on a number of technical
f rounds, which were promptly overruled
y the Judge.
All afternoon was taken up in the selec
i tion of a jury and it was decided to post-
I pone going on with the case till this af
; ternoon. The jurors selected are: J.
Thome. C. H. Perriam, F. Zann. W. R.
! Pease, John Porcher, W. H. Reed, N.
I Rose. George Lisbeck, John Grace. H.
Hufschmidt, H. Beckman and George Ae
-1 mussen
> '
56
Cb____<^fe__^__i.
FRIDAY MAY 12, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to .'. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ....Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main. IST*.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Sinple Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
PAILT CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single ' : : -th - <i '* c
SUNDAY! CALL One Year -5"
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
San., copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE ...Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On and Off."
Grand Opera House— "The Little Tycoon."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "His Japanese Wife."
Tlvoll— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zfoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
fiutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
Methodist Sunday-school Excursion and Picnic to El
Campe-i, Saturday. May 13.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. W. Butterfleld-This day, at 11- o'clock, Furniture,
at 1403 McAllister street.
By Ea.«ton. Ellridge & Co.— Tuesday, May 16, Real Es-
tate, "at 638 Market street.
THE SHAMELESS COMMISSIONERS.
OFFICIAL weakness, falseness, cunning and
corruption have not been rare in California of
late years, but as a rule the guilty officials have
paid to virtue the homage of hypocrisy and have tried
to keep up an appearance of efficiency and honesty.
It has been left for Railroad Commissioners EHack
stock and Laumeister to parade their betrayal of pub
lic trust with an impudence both shameless and arro
gant.
These two men seem to have lost their reason al 1
together. In the face of the decision of Judge Mor
row that the suit in his court growing out of the grain
rate cases could not be dismissed by them or the
State, the defendants in the suit, they have resolved
and ordered the Attorney General to dismiss it any
how. It is clearly their intention to proceed no far
ther in the fight against the Southern Pacific, even if
they have to drag the case out of court by main force.
Such a determination could not have been reached
by any process of reasonable counseling. It is, there
fore, not surprising to learn that the consultations of
the aggressive ---spelling pair have been con
ducted., not in the offices of the State, but in what for
euphony may be called the wine-room of the Herrin
house. It was in the seclusion of the residence of the
head of the Southern Pacific law department that the
scheme was discussed and the bold resolution taken
to scorn the Judge and scoff at his decree.
When officials of the State charged under oath and
under pay to fulfill certain high duties and enforce
the law become the convivial gossips of the violators
of the law, it is a sure thing that the interests of the
State are to be betrayed. Officials having an honest
intention to perform their duties to the people who
pay them would not go to the private house of the
attorney for an offending corporation to devise plans
for action. It is, therefore, a safe assumption that
the consultations at the Herrin house were not di
rected toward the protection of public interests, but
toward their betrayal.
Nor have the two Commissioners stopped with one
betrayal of public trust. They have exhibited evidence
of an intention to act upon the advice of Herrin on
every case that comes up. The issue of the Stockton
differentials, for example, is one that should be
promptly decided. As Commissioner Edson pointed
out at the meeting on Tuesday, the Stockton people
have been waiting four months for some decision to
be made. Blackstock and Laumeister, however, re
fused to act. The former, indeed, is reported to have
said in reply to Edson's urging that the case be taken
up at once: "I don't believe we should do anything
with it until this rate case business is fixed, and when
it comes to further consideration of it you can count
me out. I've got cases in court and can't attend
special meetings."
Such is the attitude which these sworn and well
paid public officials have assumed toward the State
and the people. Their duties they ignore. They seem
to have but two desires — to hobnob with Herrin
and to snatch that grain case out of Judge Morrow's
court.
Gf?S COMPANY EXTORTIONS.
ONE of the most hopeful signs of the times in
this city is the earnestness with which the
people have engaged in the struggle to de
feat the long-practiced extortions of the gas com
pany. When The Call began the contest some time
ago in an effort to break down the illegal demand of
the company for a deposit from each consumer, com
paratively little energy was displayed by the public
in the issue. As the case developed, however, and
The Call made its points one after another, popular
sentiment was aroused. The Board of Supervisors
recognized the justice of the claim of the public and
reduced the rates, and when the company, with its
usual arrogance, demanded payment from consumers
at the old rate, a movement was started to organize
an association of consumers to resist the extortion.
At present, therefore, the outlook for a complete. vie- •
tor} for the people is promising.
That the rate of Si 75 per thousand feet for gas is |
extortionate has long been known. The very fact that
other cities of anything like the population of San
Francisco arc supplied with gas at rates not exceeding
$1 was itself a proof of it. Yesterday, however, The
Call published figures showing that experiments and
tests made by the engineer at the Agnews State Hos
pital reveal that gas even in the limited quantity used
at that .institution can be produced for 55 or 60 cents
per thousand feet. Of course large operations arc
always proportionately more economical than small
ones, and therefore it is safe to assume that the cost
of producing gas for this city is much less than that
at Agnews. Thus the extortion of the company is
completely demonstrated.
The fight is now on in earnest, and nothing is
needed but perseverance and united effort to accom
plish a great victory for the public. No citizen
should submit to the extortions. The company is
pursuing an illegal course and cannot possibly win if
the people resist and stand up for their rights.
APPOINTED SENATORS.
THE Washington correspondent of the Boston
Transcript, discussing the seating of appointed
Senators, says:
"Each case has been decided upon the personal in
terests and. party considerations involved. Or, more
accurately, a practice in this regard will run for a
number of years, until some case of exceptional in
fluence reverses it. and then that is taken as a prece
dent until another striking case on the other side
comes up. Until 1825, for example, the Senate gave
seats to all Senators appointed as Mr. Quay has been.
But in that year the attention of the Senate was
specially directed to the Lanman case, and after an
exhaustive debate it was decided that he had been
improperly appointed."
It is difficult to crowd, more misrepresentation of
fact into the same space. The first case was decided
in 1794, when several men who had been members of
the Constitutional Convention were members of the
Senate. The decision was that when a Legislature
had been in session and had failed to fill an existing
vacancy in the Senate the Governor had no jurisdic
tion and the seat must remain vacant until the Legis
lature chose to fill it. In 1825 the Lanman case was
decided the same way on the same grounds, and the
principle thus fixed has never been violated nor re
versed by the Senate. It is not true that "each case
has been decided upon the personal interests and
party considerations involved."
Senator Edmunds of Vermont, one of the great
lawyers of the Senate, in discussing one of these
cases said: "This question was fairly debated when
the gentlemen on the other side were in a majority
in this Chamber. Without a party division gentlemen
on both sides voted according to the light they had,
and, not dividing on party lines, settled this identical
question. The Senate sitting upon such a question
sits as judges. The constitution says so. We are not
defining policies; we are not setting up expediencies;
we are not carrying on party warfare. We are sitting
as the solemn judges sworn to try and determine the
election and qualifications of a gentleman who pre
sents himself to be a member of this body. We. have
come to a decision, just as the Supreme Court of the
United States, sitting 200 feet from us. comes to a
decision in a great variety of cases, when the Judges
differ, five one way, four another. The decision of
the court is announced. What would become of that
court if the next time a similar question came up the
whole thing was opened again and the contest was
gone over repeatedly from year to year and time to
time in order to see which should get the ascendancy
upon all questions? Nothing would be settled and
the court would be destroyed, and justice, too, for that
matter. How is it different here? When we have
come to a decision, even in a case of doubt, having
come to it fairly, not in a time of party heat or by a
party vote; when we have come to a decision, after
full deliberation, which carries out confessedly the
objects of the constitution, should we not stick to it?"
From this and the rollcalls on the many cases de
cided it is plain that neither "personal interests nor
party considerations" have influenced the Senate.
Senators acting under oath and sitting as judges
would betray every obligation resting upon them if
they let personal interests influence them in the de
cision of a constitutional question.
That a party majority would not be and never has
been influenced by party considerations is evident
from the fact that already having a majority in the
Senate there is no necessity to violate the constitu
tion for partisan advantage.
The San Francisco Bulletin, which supports the ap
pointment of Burns, says:
"The rejection of Corbet* of Oregon, though in ac
cord with precedents, was largely influenced by the
fact that Senator Burrows of Michigan had* personal
reasons to desire that the precedent which Corbett
fell a sacrifice to should be preserved. Burrows was a
candidate for re-election, but the Governor of Michi
gan was opposed to him, and had influence enough to
; deadlock the Legislature. If Corbett had been seated
! on appointment by the Governor a precedent would
| have been established that would encourage the Gov
| ernor to throw his influence against Burrows and
| thereby secure to himself the appointment of a
Senator."
It would be hard to frame a better statement of the
constitutional reason for denying jurisdiction to the
Governor after a Legislature has failed to elect * a
Senator. The Governor of Michigan could dead
lock the Legislature and thereby secure to himself
the appointment of a Senator! It is to prevent just
that sort of thing that the constitution provides: "And
if vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise, dur
ing a recess of the Legislature of any State, the
executive thereof may make temporary appointments
until the next meeting of the Legislature." The Bul
letin makes its statement to prove the contention that
the Corbett case went off on ''the personal inter
ests" of Burrows, whereas the admission that Gov
ernor Pingree stood ready to deadlock the Legisla
ture to secure to himself the right to elect a Senator
is a clear demonstration of the wisdom of the Senate
in adhering to the constitutional rule. If it be de
parted from, what Pingree stood ready to do in
Michigan will soon become the rule. Governors
having the disposition of State patronage can easily
so use it as to tempt Legislatures not to elect Sena
tors from whom not much patronage can be had, and
it is not an improbability that very soon the Senate
would be filled by the creatures of executive power.
AN EXTRA SESSION OF CONGRESS.
WHILE there has been no official announce
ment of an intention on the part of the Presi
dent to call Congress to assemble m October,
i the report that he has the subject under consideration
' comes from sources sufficiently authoritative to jus
| tify its acceptance by the public. The rumor is the
I more credible because abundant reason for the call
; ing of such an extra session is to be found in the
political situation.
In the first place there are many grave issues to be
dealt with by Congress, and it is advisable from every
point of view to have them settled before the opening
of the Presidential campaign of 1000. The banking
and currency question ought certainly to be closed
! before that time so there may be no financial agita
j tion and uncertainty to disturb business during the
I struggle for the- Presidency. Moreover, the issues
j involved in our dealings with Cuba and the Philip
| pines cannot be determined by the executive alone.
i Congress must act with him in their solution and
settlement. '
In addition to the finance and the war issues there
are other measures of far-reaching importance to be
considered. Our expanding commerce imperatively
demands an increase in our merchant marine, and it
is high time something were done by the Govern
ment to promote our shipping industry and place it
in a condition to compete on equal terms with the
i subsidized marine of European nations. The Nica
i ragua canal project should also be taken up this win
ter, and a permanent form of government adopted
for Hawaii. t
To effectively deal with all these measures, in addi-
I tion to the routine work of the session, will require
THE SAN FKAJN CISCO CALL, FIUUAI, MAY ; 13, JBWf.
considerable time, and if Congress be not called to
gether early, the session may be prolonged next year
until late in the summer and possibly until fall. Thus
we might have Congress in session and a Presiden
tial election going on at the same time, and that
would be an indisputable case of /too much politics.
The situation is complicated by the retirement of
Reed. The Republicans of this Congress . will not
have the advantage of his experienced leadership.
A new man will have to be chosen, and 'so many can
didates are in the field the choice will probably be
difficult. It will also take the new Speaker consider
able time to appoint his committees and get the
House organized for business. That fact is in itself
a good argument for calling Congress to assemble
earlier than usual, and the President will be acting
with his usual sagacity if he do so.
RECOGNITION NOT PRAISE.
JUSTIFIABLE commendation of a judicial
officer must be disinterested, because the very
qualities that produce that kind of appreciation
prove his indifference, so far as the administration of
the law is concerned, either to praise or to blame.
The pure conscience, the high intelligence, the faculty
for closely knit reasoning, the self-control, the color
less impartiality, that blend in the highest practical
standard of judicial character and ability, in all ages
have deserved and received the deepest resect and
the most exalted honor.
In the latter years of this century political degrada
tion has affected some of our courts, and, though in
no inconsiderable degree unreasonably and unjustly,
distrust of the judiciary prevails, and, therefore, when
in the face of all obstacles and influences a Judge sit
ing in great cases proves his power of abstracting
himself from every immaterial question and of ap
plying the law with perfect directness and simplicity,
the very least the press and the public can do is to
recognize the fact.
This is the secret of the eulogistic references to
Judge Morrow of the Circuit Court of the United
States that have become so common in this Slate
and in other parts of the Union. As presiding Judge
of the District Court of the United States, after an
honorable Congressional service, he succeeded Judge
Ogden Hoffman, whose father was one of the most
distinguished pleaders in the country, but who
achieved for himself a most enviable reputation for
scholarship, for legal acumen and above all for un
questionable integrity. Judge Morrow, while he re
mained District Judge, in no way discredited his pre
decessor, and when, upon the appointment of Judge
McKenna to the post of Attorney General of the
United States, he succeeded him as Circuit Judge, it
was felt by the people that in that tribunal at least
■equality before the law would be not only an ac
credited theory but a vitalized reality.
The result has fully justified public anticipation.
Absolute confidence is felt that before Judge Morrow
every suitor of every degree, whether high or low,
whether a natural or an artificial person, stands upon
exactly the same basis, and that in that temple of
justice the gasconade* of the demagogue and the
subtlety of the casuist are equally useless. This fact
has been illustrated on so many occasions that it is
unnecessary, as it might be indelicate, to specify any
particular instance, even of recent occurrence.
There is scarcely any evil that a constitutional re
public cannot endure if the administration of the law
i- not only pure but searching and firm. It is gratify
ing to know, in the midst of the multiplied corrup
tions that infest Legislatures and even executive
offices, that there are places where the citizen is not
compelled to borrow a fine suit of clothes and to se
cure some indorsement from wealth or power in or
der to protect his interests or his rights. There have
been times when, in respect to the Circuit bench,
whether justly or unjustly, great uneasiness was felt.
I* is quite sure that public confidence in that tribunal
has now been fully restored.
THE HUNTINGTON WflY.
1 7 HEN Mr. Huntington came to California
WHEN Mr. with words of promise on his lips
this spring with words of promise on his lips •
and assured the people of the coast counties !
that at last work on the gap would be undertaken in
earnest, and that the through line would probably be
in operation' within a year, he was received with wel
come. In their expectations for the future many peo
ple forgot the past. They trusted Mr. Huntington.
Now it appears the promise of the Southern Pa
cific magnate was only another of his deceptions.
He obtained rights of way for his railroad across the \
gap about nine years ago, and about once a year on
an average ever since he has made a promise to" grade j
the line, lay the rails and get to work. His coming
and his going to and from the State have been marked '
by the remnants of these broken promises. He can !
be tracked by them as unerringly as a bear by his j
trail.
It will be remembered that in his promise of this
spring Mr. Huntington declared he would long ago !
have constructed the road had it not been for the j
opposition of his wicked partners. It was. he said, !
his desire to close the gap, but the other directors of I
the Southern Pacific were not willing. According to i
his words at that time, the antagonists of the im- ,
provement were Mrs. Stanford and the Crocker?.
Now he finds a new antagonist in the person of !
somebody along the line who will not do as Mr. Hun
tington desires.
It is not easy to see what remedy is available to the j
people of the coast counties. Huntington was beaten !
in the San Joaquin because that broad valley fur
nished ample room for a competing line, and one
was constructed. Along the coast, however, compe
tition is not easy. Huntington cannot get even with
the farmers of the San Joaquin by wronging the peo
ple of the coast, but he can at. least gratify his spite
against the State, and he seems bent upon doing it.
That is his way.
King Tanu of the Samoan- Islands has gone ■ on
strike for an increase in wages. He was getting $50
a month and now demands $150 or blood. The diffi
culty with which his Highness keeps his job and his
head from the savage onslaught of his princely ene
mies seems reason just enough to grant the increase.
Promoters of bullfights in Mexico complain of a
scarcity of bovines fitted for the sport. Governor
Gage might increase the comity between the two na
tions by shipping over the line some of the terrific
bulls he has made.
Dispatches from Kansas are to the effect that a
cyclone visited the central portion of that State Tues
day night last. It cannot be possible that Brigadier
General Funston has returned unexpectedly from the
Philippines.
• Notices posted in the Coeur d'Alene mining dis
trict require all men working underground to get cer
tificates of character from the Coroner. That should
be dead easy.
Rival Filipino armies want to annihilate each other.
There are some wants of the Filipinos which certainly
ought to be gratified. ;;
NAMING A LABOR COMMISSIONER.
To the Editor of The Call: Governor Gage has announced that before making
a selection for the Important office of Labor Commissioner he would like to have
the names of five men submitted by organized labor, thus permitting the work
men to separate the wheat from the chaff and at the same time leaving no
loophole from which in the future critical shots can be taken at the appoint
ment made.
- As one of the rank and file I beg leave to ask publicity for the following sug
gestion, believing that if it is adopted, or something of a kindred character, the
Governor's wish can be met and unnecessary friction be avoided in labor circles:
There are three Allied Labor Councils in this State— San Francisco, Sacra
mento and Los Angeles. These councils represent the various trades organiza
tions in their respective districts. Let each council select one man as its choice*
by doing which the three most important points of the State will be represented.
Then each council should appoint a committee of one, which committee will be
instructed to select two additional members at large. The committee of five thus
created is then to determine who the remaining two names shall be, making
the five to be submitted to Governor Gage.
To my mind .this would be a just and equitable solution of a question which
is of vital importance to the members of organized and unorganized labor In this
State. The Governor's action will depend largely upon the spirit manifested by
the men to whom', will fall the carrying out of his expressed desire, and if
wrangling and bickering are permitted and the selection delayed Mr. Gage may
conclude to ignore any and all recommendations and select some one not thor
oughlyqualified for this very important position. - F. J. GREGORY.
FELL AT MALOLOS.
Private Thomas Thompson, Third Ar
tillery, a Native of San Fran
| cisco, Aged 20.
News of the killing of Thomas Thomp
son, a private In Battery X, Third Artil
lery, was confirmed by letter received in
this city yesterday. "When the report
of the day's dead on March 26 was wired
to this city Thompson's parents were not
positive as to whether it was their boy
whose life had been sacrificed, but recent
mails brought a letter from a comrade
who had seen the unfortunate soldier fall
and to whom had been intrusted a last
0 -♦_$> -#.- _#.-.*,_♦_ <£> _»_ ,J> -^_ ,s. _♦_<£>_♦_ Q
message of love to his mother. The let
ter told the heart-broken parents how
their boy had- been in the thickest of the
fray at Malolos and how a Filipino bullet
had pierced his breast. He died on the
battlefield, but before he expired he faint
ly called for his mother.
Thompson was the son of Nils Thomp
son and resided at "245 Twenty-third
street in this city. He. .was little over 19
years of age when the trouble, with Spain
commenced, yet he resolved to join the
army. All efforts to restrain him proved
futile, and he was among the first to en
list. His father had been a soldier and
there was something of an old war spirit
in the boy's veins.
Thompson was employed as a locomo
tive fireman for the Southern Pacific
Company until -the time of enlistment.
On the day he was killed he was 20 years
7 months and 23 days old.
■ • ■
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. F. Carter of Los Angeles is at the
Occidental.
Edward Runyon, the Red Bluff banker,
is at the Palace.
If. B. Gillis, a merchant of Yreka, is
registered at the Grand.
Thomas V. Toland; of the State Board
of Equalization, is at the Lick.
H. S. Munroe, a mine owner of Sonora,
is at the Lick for a short stay. J ;.';
O. Brink and wife registered at the
Grand yesterday from Milwaukee.
J. R. Garrett, the Marysville merchant,
registered at the Lick yesterday.
Mrs. B. N. Austin and daughter of Chi
cago are staying at the Occidental.
George B. Katzenstein of Sacramento is
among late arrivals from the capital.
Marlon Biggs Jr.. the rancher and cap- '
italist of Oroville, Is a guest at the Grand.
C. B. Smith and wife of Toronto, Can
ada, registered at the Occidental yester
day.
Judge J. M. Mannon and wife of Ukiah
arrived in town yesterday and are at the
Lick. :'
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Sea
Beach Hotel at Santa Cruz, is at. the
Palace.
E. C. Worth, accompanied by his wife, j
registered at the Lick yesterday from
Hanford.
E. .de Reymer, who is interested in the
oil wells at Sanger, registered at the
Grand yesterday.
R. Ginsberg, a prominent Sacramento
merchant, was among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Grand.
Don Ray, of the Board of Prison Di
rectors, arrived yesterday from Gait and
is a guest at the Occidental.
Frank H. Buck, the Vacavllle banker
and vineyardist. Is a guest at the Palace.
He Is accompanied by his wife. : .
Among the guests at the Grand are
John C. Nourse of Fresno. S. E. Arnold of
Chicago. A. J. Hudson of Tempi eton, and
W. E. Humphreys *of Denver.
James Speyer, the railroad financier, ar
rived here yesterday after a visit to Yo
semite, and registered at the Palace. In
his party are C. M. Robinson and F. H.
Baldwin.
Julius Kruttschnltt, general manager of
the Southern Pacific Company, Is expect
ed here to-morrow morning. He went
north to Portland with General Hubbard
when he left for his home in the East.
E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company, ar
rived here last night, his private car being
attached to the overland. He will as
sume his new duties at once. His former
associates in. Cincinnati wired on here to
have his offices profusely decorated with
flowers.
ANSWERS SO CORRESPONDENTS.
JOHN RUSKIN-B. H. L.. City. The
I address of John Ruskin is Brantwood on
the Connlston Lake, in the Lake Country,
England.
CHICAGO'S POPULATION— L. C. D.,
City. The population of the city of Chi
cago as given by the Mayor of that city
is 1,950,000.
BUTTER— H. G., Oakland, Cal. The
amount of butter that any given quantity
of good cow milk will yield depends on
the conditions, but the average is about
4 per cent.
TO BE A CAPTAIN— A Subscriber,
Santa Rosa, Cal. If a young man wishes
to become a captain of a bay or river
steamer he should first enter a school of
navigation. The teacher will tell him all
he has to learn. :-.- , ': > -^ :
NOT EXEMPT— T. D. B. 8., Diamond
Springs, Cal. A soldier of the recent
war with Spain is not exempt in
the State of California from payment of
poll or road tax by reason of having
served in the army*during that war.
DISPUTED TERRITORY— D. R., City.
If there Is a dispute between you and
your neighbor as to the ownership of
two feet of land between your houses
commence an action to quiet title thereto.
' COLLEGE OF 'DENTISTRY— J. 8..
v__- Haven. Conn. The College of Den
tistry of the University of • California is
located at the corner of Market and Tay
lor streets, San Francisco.
PROMINENT HOLLANDERS— W. C.
City. This department has been able to
secure a "full list of prominent Holland
ers or Holland-Americans in this coun
try, together with their histories."
WEIGHT OF A MILLION— P. 8., City.
One million dollars, United States gold
coin, weigh 3686.4 pounds avoirdupois, and
one million silver dollars, United States
mintage, weigh 5*5.931 pounds avoirdupois,
or nearly twenty-eight and a quarter tons.
BATTERY A— Myrt, City. Battery A,
Third United States Artillery, is at Fort
Michael, Alaska. A/leter directed to the
name of the individual in the battery
should be directed to St. Michael. A
letter from a member of the battery
ought to reach San Francisco within sixty
days after the battery left here, providing
the individual wrote immediately after
arrival at that place.
PAINT FROM GLASS— Janitor, Fresno,
Cal. The following are given as methods
for removing paint from glass: "Ameri
can potash, three pacts; unslacked lime,
one part. Lay this on with a stick, let it
remain for a while and it will remove
paint or tar." "Use common washing
soda in water. Let it soak a while. Let
it remain say half an hour, then wash off.
If the paint is not removed at the first
application, make one more application."
TAX ON MORTGAGE— G. 8.. City. Ar
ticle XIII, section 4 of the constitution
of California says: "The value of the
property affected by such mortgage, deed
of trust, contract or obligation, less the
value of such security, shall be assessed
and taxed to the owner of the property,
and the value, of such security shall be
assessed and taxed to the owner thereof,
in the county, city or district in which
,the property affected thereby is situate."
CONTRACT MARRIAGES— F. E. A..
City. The law which was passed by the
Legislature affecting contract marriages
is not retroactive and does not affect the
validity of marriages so contracted prior
to the passage of the prohibitory act. One
of the requirements of the contract mar
riages was that the declaration of the
contracting parties should be recorded ac
cording to the provisions of the Civil
Code. /
THE CENSUS OF 1900— A. B. C, Suisun, |
and others. The census of 1900 will be i
nominally under the direction of the Sec- !
retary of the Interior. All appointments
in the Census Bureau will be by the di
rector of the census, whose office will be
in Washington, D. C. The director, as
sistant director and three hundred super- i
visors are to be named by the President
and confirmed by the Senate. As yet no \
announcement has been made as to the j
details of the census.
JAPANESE NAMES- J. A. T., French
Corral, Cal. There is no combination of
letters of the English language that will
give the sound of Japanese words. There
is a very peculiar pronunciation whic*
can be acquired by a foreigner only from
the vocal instructions of a native of the
country. For instance, **CWto_e" must
be pronounced with the accent on the
letter "o." "Maru" means merchant ves
sel. "Toyo Kisen Kaisha" (properly
"Kwaisha") means Oriental Steamship
Company. This compvny is paid a sub
sidy by the Japanese Government accord
ing to the size and speed of the vessel.
It is given to encourage commerce. ■
THE SIGNATURE BILL— Madera,
Cal. The following named are the Sena
tors who voted for the signature bill at
the recent session of the Legislature:
Ashe, Bettman, Boyce, Bulla, Burnett,
Chapman. Curtin, Cutter. Davis, Dwyer,
Flint. Gillette, Hall. Hoey, Leavitt, Luch
singer, Maggard, Morehouse. Nutt, Simp
son, Smith, Taylor and Trout—
The Assemblymen who voted for the
bill are: Arnerich, Barry, Beecher, Bel
shaw, Bliss, Blood, Brown, Clark, (Tough,
Cobb, Cosper, Cowan, Crowley. De Lan
cie, Devoto, Dibble, Dunlap, Feliz, Glenn.
Henry, Huber, Jilson. Johnson, Kelsey,
Kenneally, Knights, Knowland, La Baree,
Le Baron, Lardner. Lundquist. Mack,
Marvin. McDonald of Alameda, McDon
ald of Tuolumne. McKeen, Melick. Merrill.
Merritt, Miller of Los Angeles. Miller of
San Francisco. Pierce, Rickard, Eugene
Sullivan, Valentine, White, Works
and Wright— 4B.
CITIZENSHIP— street, City. Any
alien under the age of 21 years who has
resided in the United States three years
next preceding arriving at that age, and
who has continued to reside therein to
the time he may make application to be
admitted a citizen thereof, may. after he
arrives at. the age af 21 years, and after
he has resided five years within the
United States, including the three years
of his minority, be admitted a citizen;
but he must make a declaration on oath
and prove to the satisfaction of the court
that for two years next preceding it has
been his bona tide intention to become a
citizen. The individual who desires
to become a citizen may make ap
plication before a Circuit or District
Court of the United States or Supreme
Court of the Territories, or a Court of
Record, as In this State a Superior Court,
of any of the States having a common
law, jurisdiction and a seal and clerk.
ANARCHIST AND SOCIALIST— '
City. An anarchist is one who advocates
anarchy or the absence of government as I
a political ideal; one who is an adherent
of the social theory of Prudhon. In the '
popular sense, one who by violence seeks
to overthrow all constituted forms of |
government and society, all law and or
der and all rights of property, with no
purpose of establishing any other sys
tem of order in the place of the one de
stroyed. Socialism is any theory or sys
tem of social organization that has for
its purpose the abolishment entirely or
in greater part of individual effort or
competition on which modern society
rests and to substitute for it co-operative
action; the more equal distribution of the
product of labor, and to make land and
capital, as the instruments and means of
production, the joint possession of the
community. Apply these principles to
Washington. Patrick Henry. Abraham
Lincoln and William Jennings Brvan and
you yourself can answer the question, !
"Were these anarchists or socialists?"
EMBASSADOR— ReguIar Subscriber, j
City. Diplomatic usage recognizes three
orders of Ministers. Ministers of the first
class possess the representative character i
in the. highest degree, representing the I
state or sovereign sending them not only
in the particular affairs with which they
are charged, but in other matters; they
may claim the same honors as would be
long to their constituent if present. The
first, class of diplomatic agents Includes
papal legates and nuncios, and embassa
dors oruinary and extraordinary. Minis
ters of the second and third order have
not the same strictly representative char- ,
acter; their representation is held not to !
go beyond the affairs with which they are !
charged. They are. however, the natural
protectors of. the subjects of the state or
country sending them in the country to
which they are assigned. Ministers of the !
second class Include envoys, whether
these are simply so styled, or denominated
envoys extraordinary, also ministers plen- :
ipotentiary. he third class of Ministers
do not differ from the second in the de
gree of their- representative character, but I
only in the diversity of their dignity and
the ceremonial with which they are re- i
ceived. This class comprehends Ministers,
Ministers Resident, Ministers Charge
d' Affaires, such Consuls as are possessed
of a diplomatic character and those
Charge d Affaires who are sent to courts ;
to which it is not wished to send agents
with the title of Minister.
PREPARING TO
WELCOME ARIONS
FROM NEW YORK
Grand Festival to Last
Three Days.
-. -
— ♦ —
MONSTER MIDNIGHTSERENADE
— » —
HABMONIE AND TEUTONIA TO
ASSIST SINGERS.
♦
Local Organization to Be Host at
a Magnificent Complimentary
Entertainment and Ex
cursion on the Bay.
Now that it is certain that the celebrat
ed Arion Club of New York will spend
j three days in August in this city the local
organization is making extensive prepara
tions to fittingly entertain the sweet sing
-1 ers from the Empire City.
| Committees have been appointed to look
: after the pleasure of the visitors and en
tertainment provided for. each day of
i their stay. A grand complimentary enter
tainment, at which there will be cheer for
i the mind and the palate, a monster mid
! night serenade, an extended excursion on
the bay, and trips to various points of in
terest are a few of the many attentions
that will be paid the Eastern guests.
The musical party. I'M strong, wiil ar
< rive in this city on the evening of August
11 The reception committee or the local
organization will be on hand to greet
them and will escort them to the Palace,
where the visitors will be quartered dur
: ing their stay in this city. About mid
: night of the day of their arrival the sweet
! singers from the Empire City will be ser
i enaded by the San Francisco Anon Soci
ety, assisted by the HSrmonie Club and
! the Singers of Teutonia.
The morning and evening of August H
;' will be spent in sight-seeing. In the even
■ ing there will be a grand complimentary
I entertainment, for which an elaborate
! programme is being arranged. The Mayor
has signified his intention of presiding at
the affair. For the 13th, the last day of
the stay in this city, a Southern Pacific
Company steamer has been chartered and
, the entire party will go for an excursion
;on the bay. _ -'. , . _
A trip to Monterey and then to the Yo
i semite are also down on the programme.
I The following committees have assumed
1 entire charge of the affair:
Executive committee— J. F. Plagemann, pres
ident; John H. Sievers, vice president: vs. C.
Hildebrandt, treasurer; Dr. Max Magnus, sec
retary. _ . . .
Committee on finance— H. Plagemann (chair
man), W. Bogan. Theodore Dierks. W. Ehrenp
fort, E. L. Hueter, C. Herman, William John,
W. C Hildebrandt. K. Meussdorffer. T. F. A.
Cebermever. W. Plagemann, John H. Sievers,
J ■ F. Siebe, J. D. Stange. Charles F. Thier
bach, Robert Behlow. Dr. Charles G. Bush.
Committee on reception— Beringer (Chair
man), George H. Bahrs, W. Ehrenpfoit. R.
Finking, Charles Hansen, August Jungblut.
J. L. Koster. C. Kenitzer. Dr. H. Kreutzmann,
Dr. Max Magnus, R. Mohr. H. Plagemann,
John H. Sievers, Claus Spreckels, H. Wester
feld. J. G. Rapp.
Committee on entertainment— Dr. Magnus
(chairman). William Dieffenbacher, H. Dunk,
William Knopf, F. R. Kummer, George C.
Sneider, C. F. Wacker, M. Winter, C. A. Sin
kand. P. F. X hnke, Albert Antz. F. P. Plage
mann, P. J. Weniger, E. E. Erbe.
Committee on bay excursions— E. Schnuten
haus (chairman). F. Attinger, Adolph Bach
mann, F. Gercke, August Jungblut. Gustave
Page, Oscar Schmidt. R. Wienecke. Paul
Westerfeld, C. Meussdorffer, Ferdinand Zein
kand.
Committee on press, printing and publica
tions—E. L. Hueter (chairman), F. Beringer,
Dr. Max . Magnus. William Knopf, George C.
Beauchamp (secretary).
Committee on music— Georg* Pneider (chair
man). H. Holzhauer, Paul Scholz, George
Purlenky. Dr. Joseph Sand, H. A. Wegener,
H. c; Plagemann.
' Committee on decorations— H. Slevers
(chairman) E. A. Otto, Oscar Kunath, George
Rau, G. Trittenbach.
The combined membership of all committees
will act as a committee of the whole.
Convicted of Counterfeiting.
Amos Vliet was convicted by a jury in
the United States Circuit Court yesterday
of being found in possession of counter
feiting tools and coins. The jury recom
mended him to the mercy of the court.
He was ordered to appear for sentence
on Saturday.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. »
When and Where They Hurt.
First Boy— Dey say cigarettes hurts a
feller's lungs. Do yer believe it?
Second Boy— Naw; dry don't hurt yer at
all unless yer dad ketches yer smokin'
em, an' den dey hurts yer furder down
dan yer lungs.— Judge.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing- Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from . teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
slow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further Information,
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway, 624 Market at.. S. 9.
HOTEL DEL CORONA DO— advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $40 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply it 4
New Montgomery street. San , Francisco.
A Great Take. %
Bridget— a man in the parlor
wants to see you. sir.
Mr. Ardiip— I'll be there in a minute.
Ask him to take a chair.
Bridget Sure, sir, he says he's going to
take all tne furniture. He's from the in
stallment company.— Brooklyn Life.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites is pure and palatable.
For years it has been used
for coughs and colds, for con-
sumption, for those whose
blood is thin or colorless,
whose systems are emaciated
or run down.
For children it means
health and strength, stronger
bones and teeth, and food
for the growing mind.
Baby gains in weight and
thrives when Scott's Emul-
sion is added to its milk:
hoc. and #1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New YoribCORONER HILL
SEIZED IS BODY
AT A FUNERAL
Attempt to Conceal a
Suicide.
— « —
JOSEPH COOPER'S DEATH
♦
RELATIVES NEGLECTED TO IN
FORM THE CORONER.
Peculiar Conduct of Dr. Hanson in
Signing a False Statement to a
Death Certificate in
the Case.
♦
"Hold that train!'- shouted Coroner Hill
yesterday forenoon, as he drove into the
Pott them Pacific depot at the corner of
Third and Townsend streets.
Th.^ horse' which the Coroner was driv
ing: was covered with lather and almost
• diapsed when its owner and Deputy-
Coroner John Gately alighted from the
In the baggage- oar was a coffin contain
ing the body of Joseph Cooper, a well
known tailor, formerly of 140 Powell
street. The deceased hud been found dead
in bed on the morning of the Sth inst.
The air in the room was full of the fumes
of illuminating gas and a stopcock turned
on told the rest of the story;
Dr. Josef I. Manson of 'At Van Ness
avenue was called in. and after an x
amination of the body pronounced Mr.
Cooper dead. He then signed a death cer
tificate- to the effect that he had been at
tending the deceased for the past three
months, treating him for heart disease,
and that that ailment caused his death.
The certificate went to the Board of
Health in the usual way and being reg
ular on its face was countersigned.
Coroner Hill was not notified at all.
The first inkling his deputies had Of thr
matter was a rumor which floated into
the Morgue last Wednesday night to the
effect that Qdoper had committed suicide.
An Investigation was begun and the Cor
oner succeeded in learning the facts just
in time to halt the funeral train which
was about to pull out for San Mateo
.:.--. at 11:30 a. m.
Considerable opposition in the way of
; r •:- st was made by the relatives and
friends of the deceased, hut the Coroner
insisted on his prerogative and had the
body conveyed to Dierck's undertaking
establishment! where an autopsy was Im
mediately held by Morgue Surgeon Za
tia: Dr. Zabala reported that there was
no trace of heart disease, but that, on the
contrary, all the evidences of gas as
phyxiation were present, including tho
brightly colored and fluid condition of the
blood, "which infallibly denotes the toxic
action of carbon monoxide.
Coroner Bill thereupon summoned a
jury of business men to view the body
"and" set the inquest for 10 o'clock this
J. Cahaien called at the Morgue in the
afternoon and reported a conversation he
had had with the deceased a few days
before his death. Mr. Cooper had lost his
wile about a > ear ago. his business had
cone wrong and he was very despondent.
MV told Cahaien that bis life was insured
for $6000 and he asked whether the nrntiey
would be paid to his heirs in case of hi_
suicide. - .
•■lt will he fiOOO each for my children,
.tr.d it will do th.-m more good than I can
I y living." ' ' . _
From other sources it was learned that
< 'ooper's mind had become unhinged since
the death of his wife and that he often
took her nhotbgraph out of his pocket and.
■addressing it. said: "My dear wife, 1 will
""'•■• was imposed upon by the dead man's
: tmilv " said Dr. Manson. when seen last
nighttat his residence, 917 Van Ness aye
• nue "Johnson had been a patient of
:'■-.■' for the last year. During the last
eight months I have been attending him
constantly for heart trouble. I called at
h;« house last Sunday and he was in a
i mgerous condition. I ordered him to
: immediately and told him then that
he was in a very critical condition and
would have to take good care of himself.
He was in such a condition that his death
at any moment would not surprise me a
particle. After leaving him on Sunday I
heard nothing more until Tuesday morn
ing, when one of the family called me up
and requested me to come to the house
immediately. I called about S o'clock in
the morning and found Johnson dead. He
had been dead several hours, and nat
urally I concluded that heart disease had
caused his death. When I first went to
the house the family told me that they
had already called in Dr. Hart, but that
he refused to attend to him because i had :
been treating him. I did not dream that
Johnson came to his end from any cause
ether than heart disease. His heart was
really in a critical state and liable to
bring about death at any moment. Had
the family dropped the slightest hint that
he died of unnatural causes I certainly
would have refused to sign the death
certificate."
Must Appear in Court.
The 5-=arrh -warrant case of Mrs. Mar
ceau-Fiske was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday. S. J. Levy, the com
plaining' witness, said that he had no de
sire to have the petty larceny warrant
Closed
Saturday
Come to=day
Store will be closed all day Saturday. Have to
rearranoe our stock of carpets, mattings, furni-
_, r _>
ture, household goods — too much confusion now —
too busy if we keep open.
There will be a crowd to-day, so call early — get
the selection.
150 Enameled i-oiand Brassßed- CARPETS, ETC.
ste£ ; -eguiary | Tape.try, 3000 yards 45e
p°rice?.. U .. J .. ..!$3. r _s tO $12 All-Woo! Ingrain, 2000 yards 56c
$3.25 tO $12 Ai - vVo ° Ingrain, 2000 yards 56e
'■ '"' ' '_, " ~ ! Extra Super. 200 yards. 4Qc
I hree - P.ece Mahogany Par'or Jen-Wire Tapestry, Roxbury, Stin-
Suits, upholstered m »lk day' c - . son and ail best grades 65e
masK $16.50 , _ , . . _ .
Highest Grade Axmmsters $1.15
Chamber Suits in Golden Oak, ! Linoleum. 200 roils 33c
Mahogany. Map'e; formeriysold Japanese Matting 18c
for $25 up to $100— closing China Matting lOe
out price $15 to $65 250 Art Squares, aM wool and c0t-
,,,,_. - "-'•._ - . ton. sizes 2x3 yards to 3x4
Hall Racks. Go den Oak; always yaid = ; starting at $1.95
sold them for $10 up to SoO— ' -,7 - _
now they are $7 to $35 Sideboards Buffets. Taboure'.tes, Up-
I holstered Parlor Suits— cut to one-
High-Back Dining Chairs "....95c | half the former price.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
715 MARKET STREET,
Near Call Building.
NEW MEMBER OF
DENTAL BOARD
Will Examine Applicants for
the Profession, .
LOUIS T. CRANZ.
Louis T. Cranz. who has just been appointed a member of the State Board
of Dental Examiners by Governor Gage, is well and favorably known In this
city, where he was born 36 years ago. He is the son of T. D Cranr. a pio
neer and veteran of the Mexican war. who is associated with Harbor Com
missioner Herold in the insurance business.
Dr. Cranz received his education in the public schools, and has been prac
ticing dentistry In this city for the past fifteen years. He is a man of family
and has been prominently identified with the Republican party for ten years.
He is an ex-member of the Republican County Committee, with which he
was connected for two terms.
He is a charter member of El Dorado Parlor. Native Sons of the Golden
West, and is now .-. member an past president of California Parlor. fie is
also president of the Argo Oiontological Society, and is associated with a
number of social and political 'lermnn societies.
The appointment of Dr. Cranz meets with the approval of a large circle of
friends, as he is eminently fitted to perform the duties of his new office.
These will consist in examining applicants for the dental profession and the
signing of certificates and diplomas.
He will succeed Dr. Thomas Morffew as State Examiner, and the latter
will continue as president and acting dean of the dental department of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons.
served and later he changed his mind.
Th"-. defendant was represented hy her
attorn^vs. who exolained that the arti
cles alleged! to have been stolen had been
sent to "the laundry by his client when
she left Lew's flat on Devisadero street.
The Judge declined to dispose of the case
unless the defendant was in court an. l
made an order for her to appear this
morning.
FOR LACK OF PROSECUTION.
The Charge of Perjury Against Fred
Foster, the Horseman, Dis
missed.
A. Howard, the Austrlian plunger, and
Fred Foster, the horseman, have appar
ently settled their differences in regard
to the horses Yellow Tall and Sam M -
Keever. Yesterday, when the case of
Foster charged with perjury on the com
plaint of Howard, was called in Judge
Mogan's court, it whs dismissed.
Attorney D;inn« for Howard said that
it would take at least four weeks to try
the case and it would put the city and
county to needless expense.
Howard took the stand, and in answer
to the Judge said he did not desire to
prosecute the case, and on that showing
the Judge dismissed it. Foster is still
under heavy bonds to appear for trial in
the Superior Court on the charge v>f ob
taining money by false pretenses from
Howai
Most Dark Beers
Taste of burnt su_ar or some other unpleas
ant substitute. The new brew. Anheuser-
Busch DARK, is different. It is mellow,
palatable and nutritious, made after the old
German style.
Sunday-School Outing.
All the Methodist Episcopal Sunday
schools of this city will unite In their an
nual outing at El Campo on Saturday of
this week. The boats will leave Tiburon
ferry, foot of Market street, at 8-30 and
10:15 a. m. Returning will leave the
grounds at 5:30 p. m. The picnic will be
under the management of a union commit
te-e reoresenting all the schools. Colonel
Head is chairman, A. '". Jacob secretary,
E. W. Strange treasurer and J. B. Firth
ticket agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1899.
TO SLAY SEA LIONS
ON THE FARALLONES
; PERMISSION GIVEN BY TREAS
URY DEPARTMENT.
The Raid on the Rookeries of the
Fishkillers Will Begin Next
Week— Much Red Tape
Used.
Permission has been granted by trm
Treasury Department at Washington to
the State Fish Commission to thin out i
the sea Hon herds on the Farallones. Ar.o i
: Nuevo and other lighthouse reservations
under the charge of the Government.
When the commission determined that i
the reduction of the sea lion herds was I
necessary to the fisheries industries of
this part of th* coast an obstacle was
presented by the fact that nearly all of I
the big rookeries are on Government^
: lands and the' beasts could not be dis
j turbed without permission: so a letter
was sent to the proper authorities. Thai
; the request has passed through enough !
red tape Is shown by the correspondence
i that has passed the hands of the several
authorities at Washington. But at last
; the request was granted, the most im- J
portant letter being from acting Secre
tary of the Treasury O. 1,. Spaulding, in I
, which he says:
Your letter of April 20, 1899, which is in
dorsed by Senator Perkins, asking permission'
; to send deputies to certain ligmhouse reserva
tions, among which are Ano Nuevo, the Faral
lones. Point Reyes and Point Arena, to re- ;
duce the number of -.i lions was referred to i
] the Lighthouse .-..card for consideration and
! recommendation. In reply the department ;
states that the Lighthouse Board bad direct
ed the lighthouse inspector of Ban Francisco j
to permit the landing of such persons as you j
may delegate for killing a part of the seal j
herd tor such time as he may think nece*- j
i sary at the Farallones, Ano Nuevo and i th. !
I lighthouse reservations under such instructions !
and regulations as he may deem necessary ln
the Interests of the lighthouse service.
Accompanying the letter was a set of.
rules and regulations, which those who i
go forth to slay seals must observe, which i
lay down the law in the following ex- j
plicit language:
Rules for the men who land at Farallon i
and other lighthouse reservations to shoot sea j
lions:
1. The men are to selected by the Fish |
Commission, and no others to be allowed to !
land.
2. They are' In no way to Interfere with
the keepers, the management of the light or
fog signal, and will comply with the direction
Of the keeper in regard to their actions while <
on the reservations.
3. They will not kill birds or engage In
egging or kuiing any animals except . sea
lions. WLiHg
4. The animals killed must not be left to
decay on tl.'e land.
5. They will take their own bedding, food
and cooking utensils to the Farallcn^s. The
keeper will be instructed to permit them to
sleep in one of the buildings.
6. At Ano Nuevo Island it may be possible
to arrange with the keeper to board the man.
so food need not be taken there.
7. The keeper will be Instructed to report •
any violation of these rules or of the rules I
of the lighthouse service, and If necessary he* '
will send any one violating them off the reset-- .
vatlon the first opportunity.
The Fish Commission has decided not i
to send forth the hunters until some time i
next week, owing to Al Wilson, th. chief ;
hunter, being engaged in the prosecution
of fish dynamiters in one, of the Interior
towns.
Had Another Husband.
The marriage of Henry E. Beguhl to
Dora Beguhl was annulled yesterday by
Judge Daingerfield on the ground that
when the marriage ceremony was per
formed between the parties the defendant
had another husband living in the person
of Charles E. Corey. Corey disappeared
some years ago, and his wife read a story
in a newspaper that a man answering the
description of her husband and bearing
the same name had been drowned at San
Diego. She immediately concluded that
he was her husband and entered into a
marriage contract with Beguhl. She lived
with Beguhl for nine years, during which
time three children were born to them.
A short time ago Corey appeared on the
scene, and the result is that a decree of
annullment was granted on the applica
tion of Beguhl.
j Suit on a Thresher Patent.
The Holt Manufacturing Company of
j Stockton filed a suit in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday against the
! Houser & Haines Manufacturing Com
| pany of Stockton to recover $25,000 for in
: fringement of natent on the traveling
: thresher. Another suit of similar nature
! was filed against the same defendant for
| an injunction and accounting.
BENJAMIN BLOCH
LANGUISHES IS
A PRISON CELL
Son of a Well-Known
Family.
— « —
HIS RELATIVES FEAR VIOLENCE
— — ♦ —
ELLIS rf_,OCH, A BROTHER, SEEKS
A COMPROMISE.
— ♦ ■
Offers to Assist the Brother If He
Will Take Himself
Off to South
Africa.
-♦
Benjamin Bloch. the wayward brother
of Ellis Bloch. a member of the well
known firm of W. Hirch. Cohen & Co..
languishes In the. City Prison with a
charge of vagrancy against him and a
threat of a more serious accusation to
consider. Bloch was arrested at his
mother's home at 601 Broderick street by
Sergeants Duke and Martin, at the insti
gation of his brother Ellis, who fears he
will do injury to other members of the
family or further disgrace their name.
Ellis Bloch, accompanied by Lieutenant
of Police Birdsall. visited the City Prison
last night and had a long talk with the
prisoner. He begged the latter to leave
town and volunteered to aid him if he
would go to South Africa. On Benjamin
declaring his purpose of going to an East
ern city when liberated, his brother
threatened to have him incarcerated in
the County Jail for six months. The di*.
cussion became heated and Ellis was
heard to exclaim: , _ *_
"You have cost us thousands and thou
sands of dollars already," to which the
prisoner replied that the statement was
untrue Benlamin told his brother at
parting that If he were released he would
start for Chicago to-day, but his brother
would not see it in that light, and
watched unconcernedly as the prisoner
was taken back and placed among crim
inals of the worst type.
The prisoner In talking of his troubles
candldlv stated that had he known the
officers" were comlne for him he would
have been elsewhere. He denied that he.
had intended to Injure members of his
family No one would take him tor a va
grant He was . neatly dressed, and
showed by his talk that he is a man of
intelligence. He said he was able to con
verse in six languages and was also an
expert penman and accountant. He also
stated that his wealthy brother had paid
a number of his debts, but he declined
to give their amount.
T^e prisoner said his father. A. a.
Bloch the late well-known merchant who
died three years ago. left on estate val
ued at $100,000 to his widow.
Since his return to this city Benjamin
has been living in idleness with his
mother, and this fact has caused the up
heaval in the Bloch family. Bloch was
Imprisoned a few months ago for threats
to Inflict injuries on his relatives, but the
charge was dropped.
Every effort is now being made to keep
the son's downfall from his mother.
ATTORNEYS EXCHANGE
FISTICUFFS IN COURT
FRANK H. GOULD AND GEO. W.
HOWE IN A FIGHT.
Judge Kerrigan Deals Out Stem Jus
tice in the Form of Fines and
Imprisonment.
An impromptu fight occurred in Justice
Kerrigan's courtroom yesterday morning
that for the time being absorbed the at
tention of the fortunate ones who hap
pened to be present. The principals were
Frank H. Gould, lawyer and politician,
and George W. Howe, a disbarred attor
ney at law. Honors rested with Gould,
but before Judge Kerrigan completed his
self-appointed task of rebuking the con
testants both were somewhat groggy in
the vicinity of their pocketbooks.
The case of Mac( vs. Cohen was up
and Gould asked for an immedi- |
ate hearing. Howe made reference to
' Gould's attitude when the case was being
j heard in the Police Court and said that
j at that time Gould was anxious for a
continuance.
"That was an infamous suit brought by
■an infamous person." declared Gould,
glaring at Howe.
"Do you mean me"" asked Howe.
"Yes. you are the person I have refer
' ence to."
"Then you are a liar and a cowardly |
■ cur." ejaculated Howe, advancing in a \
menacing attitude.
He did not get far. Gould led out with
I his good right and caught Howe on the I
'■ nose, sending him to the floor in a heap.
At this point, and before any one had ;
\ time to count ten on Howe, bystanders j
: rushed in and hustled Gould from the ;
: room. Howe, gory but unconquered, rose \
! to his feet and apologized to the court.
"I cannot overlook such a flagrant con
i tempt," said the Judge, waving the bleed
i ing penitent aside. "I will impose -a fine I
'. of $25 on Mr. Gould, and as you appear \
i to have been the aggressor I will fine you |
! $25 and will impose an additional punish- i
j ment of twenty-four hours' imprisonment
j in the County Jail."
Howe was handed over to a couple of !
Deputy Sheriffs and hustled off to jail, j
Later in the day he secured his release i
on a writ of habeas corpus issued by Su
perior Judge Murasky.
The writ of habeas corpus sworn out |
on behalf of Howe was cahed for hearing
before Judge Murasky at the opening of
the afternoon session. George D. Collins .
represented the petitioner and George B.
Kcane appeared on behalf of Justice Ker
rigan. Attorney Collins made a technical
fight for the liberty of his client on the
ground that the commitment simply
stated that the acts committed by Howe :
were "intended to interrupt the due
course of the trial," instead of "tend- ,
ing to interruDt the due course Of the
trial." Mr. Collins contended that the
word "intending" simply denoted a men- ,
tal process on the part of the petitioner, i
and if such Intent did not result in the in- !
terruption of the trial no contempt was :
committed. Judge Murasky, however,
held that the words "intending" and
"tending" are synonymous and denied the
writ. A stay of three days was granted
at the suggestion of Attorney Collins, and
in the meantime the Supreme Court will
be called upon to determine the legality
of the commitment. Mr. Collins holds that
the presence of the word "intending" in
stead of "tending" makes the commit
ment fatally defective, and a decision of
the Supreme Court on this point will be
of great value to Howe as well as the rest
of the commonwealth.
TO TRY TO BEAT STRECKER.
Noted Marksmen Will Compete for
Rifle Honors.
The defeat of F. E. Mason by Adolph
Strecker, "the Post-street Sycamore." In
their recent contest at the Schuetzen Park
ranges seems to have stirred up a hor
net.-' nest in the riflemen's world. Three
famous marksmen are after the winner's
laurels with a vengeance, and declare that
a week from next Thursday Strecker may
travel to Shell Mound to the tune of
"Yankee Doodle," but will return to
"Chevy Chase."
The match between Mason and the
Post-street champion was to determine
who was to be. regarded as the 150 shot
champion of the California Schuetzen
Club and incidentally the relative merits
of the different patterns of rifles used.
The winner used the older style rifle and
scored 3265 points. Mason's score being
3239 points. , _ j ,_ ■_
The loser was evidently satisfied both
as regards St-recker's superior ability as
a marksman and the style of gun he
championed: but there are others who
are not. It was finally decided that
Strecker should not be permitted so easy
a victory. Accordingly the best three
' shots of the organization (barring the
"Sycamore" himself) were selected at
Schuetzen Park last Sunday to make an
attempt to dethrone him. They are John
Utschig Sr , F: P. Schuster and D. B.
Faktor.
Their challenge has been issued and ac
cepted, and on Thursday, the 19th Inst.,
will occur the event which now is almost
the sole topic of conversation In shooting
circles. It will be a sweepstakes contest,
' and each man will shoot 100 times. While
It is hoped that at least one of the trio
! will succeed In lowering Strecker's colors,
I the point of relative superiority concern
ing the different types of gun is also to
|be determined. In order to make it a fair
! trial, Utschig and Schuster will shoot
1 with the later pattern of stun and Faktor
| will use a gun similar to Strecker's.
•
ALL DRANK TEA POURED
BY IMITATION JAPANESE
NOVEL ENTERTAINMENT GIVEN
AT THE Y. M. C. A.
Volunteer League of the Association
Celebrated Its First Anniversary
in an Original Manner.
The Volunteer League of the Young
Men's Christian Association, assisted by
the various church young people's socie
ties, gave a Japanese tea and reception
In the auditorium and parlors of the as
sociation last night In celebration of the
league's first anniversary. The decora
tions were in keeping with the occasion,
the parlors being transformed by the pro
fusion of Japanese flags, screens and bric
a-brac, while dainty tea tables, fully
equipped for the service of the seductive
beverage, were arranged in a number of
booths and presided over by scores of
pretty young women dressed In flowing
costumes suggestive of the empire of the
Mikado.
The entertainment opened with a lit
erary and musical programme in the audi
torium, which was very pleasingly ren
dered, as follows:
"Samisen," P. Toyosawa; "The Anchor's
Weighed" (Braham). Mr. Mitchell; "Serenade"
(Victor Herbert). San Francisco Conservatory
Mandolin Club; reading, "Widow Bellamey's
Experience in a New York Hotel," Mips Ja
cobs; "Ouvrey" (Dessauer), Misa Merry hew;
(a) Shlkino Itako OdOrl." (b) "Megura Hi
Odorl." Sada Hasriwara; "A Night In Venice"
(Lucanconl), Miss Merryhew .'in.i Mr. Mitchell;
"Kekkonshiki" (Japanese wedding ceremony),
Japanese young people.
The reception in the parlors which fol
lowed the' entertainment proper was in
charge of a reception committee, of which
C. A. Mavdwell was chairman and E. A.
Bigger staff secretary. The correctness
of the decorations was largely due to the
active assistance rendered by the mem
bers of the Japanese Young Men's Chris
tian Association, a number of whom also
contributed to the entertainment.
The affair was given for the double pur
pose of celebrating the anniversary of the
league and to raise funds for the spread
of the association work in Japan. The
officers of -the league, which is ma healthy
condition, are: T. H. NVayland. president,
and Alexander Gardiner, secretary and
treasurer,
■♦ * —
oooooooo.ooooooaao
« BEAD §
B Brig. Gen. King's ' *
a Stirring Story of Our So.- £
B . >diers w
B' ''-" "--•-' °
■a In the Bond- Stained B
B Trenches of Manila °
" In X- x' Sunday's Call. 0
»» » » 8 »B » «.« »» S
Born in the Hospital.
Mrs. Ferdinand Becker. Howard and
Seventh streets, gave birth to a baby girl
In the Receiving Hospital yesterday morn
ing. Her husband is in the country look
ing for work, and not having any funds
she was compelled to go to the hospital.
Becker was for several years a waiter in
the rein Eintracht at Twelfth and Fol
som streets. Ys-H-th ■■-'
I No other remedy compares
with Warner's Safe Cure
for regulating the action of the
liver and kidneys, driving out
disease, building up the system
and giving fresh life.
It has a v/orld-wide reputa-
tion. Use it and be convinced.
— »^ _____ — — »— —^ ——_.—. ———————— __—_—_——_— ——l _— —^— — — L,
Like a
Picture
-Is a shirt and collar which are done up
at our laundry. Rough edges made
smooth without Injury to the garment,
and perfect cleanliness in every detail.
In one bundle we'll carry conviction to
you.
, The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Sar.d Tumors Cured
fP"^^_-^ S%-W No KNIFE or PAIN
No Pay until CUBED
woman's breast is
cancer. Face and lip
'l.^^^'^L. also common places
thousands I bate Cured
S. R. CHAMLEV. M D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SO MR r»NF with CANCER
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
.Marian! Wine Tonic
Marvelous Results In Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR PALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERT-
j WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
i and indorsements free.
| MARIAN! & CO.. 52 W. lath St.. VEW-TORK.
1000000000000000000I OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
B«ef PALACE *.«*o
%GRAND " org J-,S°
Q SAH FRANCISCO Q
j Connected by a covr-M passageway.
; 3 1400 Room — 900 > h *.Tth A: ached. O
■ i O All Under One Management. O
' I 0 NOTE TI!S PRICES : O
I 0 European Flan. Sl. r^O per e-i«y and upward Q
i n American Plan. s_.'lH» per day And upward _
{ w Corresponeience Sclicited. tl
j 0 JOHM' 0. S':R-FAI£ICK K»2»ger. O
| 000000000000000000
■! PURITY Us « P*__
I HEALTH Woodbury's mw
BEAUTY Facial Cream
! Naturally follows the use of WOODBURY'S
j Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
! Being strictly antlsetlc. their cleansing: and
. S purifying effect la unequalled. For sale every-
' i where.
: SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
,^a^ Ur. Meyers &Co,
• ' ,»^_jP^^^^~^ef_ ""Established IS years.)
! f*£*& H Largest and best-
I nm ■ equipped medical in-
' ! _____/ I stitution and the most
7aSfi?i >JcS_ ___? extensive practice in
! ' iP^S' rt^S^gß.^Sf the United States.
I | \€» X^^^i) No Pay Till Cured.
, ! \?a». ' \ i Unfortunate men
vSpi I,^1 ,^ AL-^il j who cannot call should
V < 'fa ~t.—H——> i write f.^r advice and
A#l^S™« ' ALL F3EI: -
-_1 Willi- ■ v Ki Mli-A Thousands cured at
'ill, >^WWvb\-\ home. All letters con-
' '' 'T_ f^JSwtt) Mb no>nual.
''•v^' "^*^V*ti&fi NoCh»rgefor Consaltttion
701 Market Street, I 1- levator
1 01 San Francisco. I Entrance.
WHEN YOU
/^^^^^^^Sd^C Require an E__C-
K^^ *i&>*!w Tmc BELT get "Dr.
: pW@!^^_l_P^'^ Pierces" and you will
, j /) : not be disappointed.
tail or address PIERCE
n ELECTRIC CO.. 620
' i Ktrtt* «L (opp. Man Hote). S. F.
NERVITA^ *;,££'
" ■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects of self-abuse. or exerts and
indiscretion. A nerve'toau and blcod-buiHer.
Brir.gs th: pink slow te pale cheeks and rf
s«crcs the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
ben 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money
i j (fercita mr«3i:a! Co., Clin ten $, _acfcs«n sts., _D!MI9.
, i E. L. Baldwin &. Co.. Druggists, 8 Market. S. F.
! D "DITCH CO FOR BARBERS. BAK-
_J 11 lll*ll Hi __ - rs - bootblacks, bath-
j *-**■*'*' houses, billiard tables.
' : brewers, bookbinders candy-makers, canners.
I dyers, flourra.il?. foundries, laundries, paper-
' I hancers. printers, painters, shoe factories,
. ! stablemen, tj»r-r<">^f«rft tanners, tailors, . etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
' Brush Manufacturer*, 609 Sacramento 3:
DR. CROSSIYIAN'S
\ SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
' FV the cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
i Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
■ Wright's Indian feplatile Pills
' | Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
• who have used them for forty years to cure
1 I SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
- PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. PUa-
i Dies and purify the blood. :- ~r 7,
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
t THE GREATEST SUCCESS OF THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
! AS GREAT A TRIUMPH AS "THE MIKADO."
I The Most Gorgeous Japanese Production Ever
Seen in the City.
EVERY EVENING
i LITTLE TYCOON.
i SEE THE MARVELOUSLY BEAUTIFUL
AND ENCHANTING JAPANESE DANCE.
PRICES, 25 AND 50 CENTS. RESERVED
GALLERY. 15 CENTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Branch Ticket Office, 724 Market Street. Oppo-
; site Call Building.
: NEXT WEEK— Grand Double Bill. "CAVAL-
LERIA RUSTICANA" and "PINAFORE."
ZAZELE AND VERNON,
Triple Bar Artists.
LA PETITE LUND, ,
Cleverest Child Actress.
HUGH STANTON AND FLORE.\\£ MODE-
NA in the satire. "FOR REFORM.'
JAS. RICHMOND GLENROY, Monologist.
JOHN LE CLAIR. Comic Juggler.
SISTERS HAWTHORNE, new act, -'The Lily
of the Laguna."
THE VALDARES. DILL BROTHERS.
POUR N^LSC" 'INTERS
Reserved seats. 2"c: Balcony. 10c: Opera
i Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
NEXT WEEK— Direct from Europe, the
i MONTROSE TROUPE/ six people, the Two
! ESCAMILJ. - and others.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK
IT LINGERS WITH YOU.
I
| ecp life Charles Frohman's
i ajsd Funniest Farce,
fsL OAf
LAUGH M W
WHEN A ND
ii?, OFF".
A GREAT CAST!
ALCAZAR™
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Clay M. Green-:'.- Farcical Comedy,
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
«eats ed -• • Isc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Seats by Telephone. 'lain -'A.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and M^r
TO-NIGHT AT 8-97 th TIME.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
SUNDAY EVENING.
. 100 th Performance— Ust Time-SODVENIR NIGHT
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
Offenbach's Operatic Fantasie,
"ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
TO BEGIN NEXT MONDAY EVENING.
! Popuiar Prices 25c and 50w
Our Telephone. Bush. 9.
CONCERTS AND BEoOiITS.
ilTcAlvrpo;
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing, Bowling. Boating. Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c. Children. 16c; including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
; Will leave Tiburon ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 13:18
2 and 4 p. in. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
GRAND UINIOIV.
METHODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL EXCUR-
SION AND PICNIC TO
EL CAmPO.
SATURDAY, MAY 13.
Boats leave Tiburon ferry at v:' rt and 10:15
!a. m Returning leave El Cadtoo at 5:3" p. m.
Round trip tickets, children. 15c; adults. 35c.
A delightful outing is anticipated.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
I Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From' 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, including admission. 25c: children. Vie
lERCE-
inJ^ FAVORITE
SUMPTION
j__ RWEAKWOMEW.
i_ _____—__—_———————— ———————
."DR.M9NULTY.
fI^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
j 1. Specialist curir^ Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
! eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
: to 3 daily; 43o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
! tation free and sacredly confidential. Call. or address
P. KOMCOK McXULTY. M.D.
26', Kearny St., San Francisco. CaL,
i — — .
IA/. X. HESS,
HOTiaT PDBLIO AND ATTOaNSI-_T LA*,
i Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Ciaus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown S2l.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
j San Francisco. .
WeeaytJalULOODerYear
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver declined.
Sterling exchange lower.
Wheat ami Barley off.
and Corn dull.
Rye steady and quiet.
Hay situation getting complicated.
Bran and Middlings lower.
Oilcake and Cocoanut Cake declined.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Onions weak. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter and Eggs stand the same.
Cheese lower again.
Poultry quiet.
Cherries rather weaker. ,
Berries arrive more freely.
Oranges firm.
. | --a red.
Prunes firm In the East
Hams and Bacon stiff. Lard easy.
Pork and Veal scarce.
Increased receipts of Wine.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port for
the first four months of the year were as fol
lows, compared with the same time in 1898:
Of Wine. 6.80«,479 gallons, against 6.656.957; of
Brandy, 96, '.<30 gallons, against . 525.
NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures, taken from the bulletin
issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the Treas- ■
ury Department, show the value of the princi
pal articles of merchandise exported from the
United States for the nine months ended March.
31. 1899: Breadstuffs, $209, 12*. 087; cotton, $182.
--798.271'; mineral oils. $40,357,275; cattle and hi c .
$20,625,506; provisions, $121,916,153; total. $574,
--725.291. The value of the articles mentioned
exported durinc the nine months ended March
31. 189$. wen 1 $612,296,104. The value of the ex
ports of breadstuffs from San Francisco luring
March was fi«c;.fc7s, and for the nine months |
then ended $5,000,956, against $1,418,324 and
$19,401,041 for the same times I est year.
WEATHER REPORT.
G2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 11, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 32.84 31.36
Red Bluff 0.00 20.00 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 14. 00 8.87 j
San Francisco 0.00 16.00 7.75
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.19 1
San Luis Obispo o>o 16.46 6.16
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 5.60 j
San Diego 0.00 4.91 4.62 |
Yuma O.CO 1.54 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63: minimum. 51; mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast, and an
area of high pressure is pushing rapidly ln
and will probably move rapidly eastward fol
lowing the low over Montana and the Dakotas.
The temperature has fallen over the entire ]
country west of the Rocky Mountains, except
in a small area in the San Joaquin Valley,
and also in I'tah. where there has •en a
slight rise. A maximum temperature of 93 j
degrees -is reported at Fresno, but it will be j
cooler In the valleys Friday.
With the exception of a trace of rain at
Eureka there has been no rain in California. j
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty |
hours ending midnight. May 12:
Northern California- Fair Friday; fresh I
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday; cooler in j
extreme east: north winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday: northwest winds.
Utah— Cloudy; probably -;■ ewers Friday;
cooler.
Arizona-Cloudy Friday: colder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday: fog
in morning: warmer at night: north winds.
ALEXANDER McAdie, Forecast Official. ;
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 11. -There were smart de
clines in the specialties to-day. but the reces
sions In the railways were fractional. It was
a holiday on the Continent, and the death of
an English banker restricted some of the ar- i
bitrage business, hut London took about thirty .
Fhares of the internationals stocks. Sterling
exchange was easier, nd money ranged from j
3 to 4 on call, with the last loan at the smaller
figure. One reason for this is that a fair!-. large
volume of money is moving card New York
from the interior. The crop report was at first
interpreted as more favorable than expected,
but subsequently the hears used the "decrease
in acreage" to depress the granger stocks,
which had earlier displayed considerable |
Ftrength. Rurlingtejn's net loss of over a point
was the largest in this group. The understand
ing that the Ford franchise tax bill would be
come a law was fall used against local
shares, the traction shares I -wing net losses
ranging from one to four points, the greatest
loss being in Metropolitan, in which it was
said part of a heavy line of shares had been
liquidated. The veto by the Mayor of the
Rapid Transit bill failed to sustain Manhattan
Covering left these stocks above the worst
and other shares sympathetically rallied slight
ly in the afternoon.
The market closed Irregular. Among the i
weak spots were sugar. International Paper !
preterreei and United States Leather preferred, I
while Tennessee Coal and Iron retained over ;
a point of its advance. Recessions were noted
ialso in tho iron and steel stocks. The reaction
in to-day's market was deemed natural by I
some interests in view of the violent recovery '
yesterday, which canceled a large part of the !
reputed short interests in the market. Specu
lation took a decided vim and the marked '
periods of stagnation were dissipated at
intervals, when trades were made. Realiza
tions furnish.?d the chi.^f impetus to the retro
grade move, and occasionally periods of
strength were attributal t>> coverln. by the
traders at a favorable level American To
bacco was dealt In on the stock dividend of 100
per cent and closed at 102%, compared wlln !
212. last night's final figures. To-day's bond
market showed firmness on moderate dealings
Total sales, $1,200,000. I
United States new fours registered advanced
'^and the lives and the threes s % in the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
6.631,778 shares, including: American Steel hoop
7900. do preferred 4100. American Steel and
Wire 19,800, American -cigar 51.000, American
Tobacco 56,000. American Tinplate 4200, Ana
conda I'V'OH. Atchison 59iiO, '. iriington and
Ohio 5100, Brooklyn Transit 106,300, Burlington
13,400, do Rights 12,900, 1 'hie ago Consolidated
Traction 4iiHi, C. F. and I. 3900, Continental
Tobacco 19,900, Federal Steel 25,900, do pre
ferred 430 ii, Manhattan 23,000, Metropolitan
Street Railway 5900, Michigan Central 5900
Missouri Pacific 6600, Northern Pacific 9900 do
preferred 660}, People's Gas 16,600, Rock Island
11,500, St. Paul 10,000, Union Pacific 3000 do
preferred 6100, Silver Bullion 10,000 ounces.
Atchison el' -SING STOCKS. 13%
-ti s W .. 13_
Do pr»fd 53% Do prefd 32»i
Baltimore A Ohio. 704 St Paul ] .-'
Canada Pacific — ',7 , ie, prefd... .'.!;!'.!i<>9%
Canada Southern.. 54' iSt P & Om 92
Central Pacific 47% Do pref.] ". 170 i
Ches A Ohio 25% So Pacific . '" 2'» V,
Chi A Alton 160 .-. Railway . l~i_
Chi B A Q 132 . Do prefd. '" 51*.*
Chi A E 111 76 Texas & Pacific... 19%
I '■■ pref.l 122 'Union Pacific 42%
Chi G W /.... I%' Do prefd 7s£
Chi Ind & L 9 Wabash 7.'
Do prefd 40 1.., prefd . . 2ci%
Chi & N W 153% Wheel A I. E. .'.... 10*2
Do pn fd 192 I Do prefd 291.;
CC C & St i. 54% Express Companies
Do prefd 94% Adams Ex 113
Del A Hudson 117 - American Ex. ... 139
Del L & W 167 United States 49
Den A Rio G 22% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 76% Miscellaneous-
Erie (enw) 12% A Cot Oil 35%
. Do Ist prefd 34 Do prefd 94%
Ft Wayne 184 Am Spirits 12
(it Nor pri'fd 186 | IV, prefd 32%
Hocking Yal ... 10 Am Tub. ex-d1v....102%
Illinois Central.... 114% Do prefd lii
Lake Erie A W.... 16% Cons Ga5....; 184
Do prefd 67',:. | Com Cable Co.. ISO
Lake Shore 198 Col FA Iron 40
Louis A Nash 63%' Do prefd 110
Manhattan L 110% Oen Electric 117
Met St Ry 219% Haw Com Co ]:■;■■.
Michigan Central.. lis Brooklyn l: T 119%
Minn & St L. ;.....• 57% Intl Paper 49%
Do Ist prefd 100% Do prefd 81
Mo Pacific 44 Laclede Gas 53%
Mobile A Ohio . 41% Lead 32
Mo X A T " 12 : Do prerd -,_ ,
Do prefd ...34 Nat Lin Oil ,"
N .1 Central 113 Pacific Mail '50
N V Central . 132% ' People's Gas 121%
N V C A St L.... 13 Pullman Pal 158%
Do Ist prefd 60 Silver Certificates. 61 1,
Do 2d prefd 31 Stand R A T 8%
Nor West l*% Sugar 145,%
No A mer Co li : 4 Do prefd 116%
No Pacific 50 iT C A Iron 58%
DO prefd 76% 0 S Leather IP,
Ontario & W 24'j Do prefd $»«
Or RAN prefd... 67 I" S Rubber 30
Tae c Ist prefd... 83 Do prefd 114
Do 2d prefd 53. Western Union 91% -
Pittsburg l -< Am S A W Co 65%
Reading '. 20% Do prefd .97%
Do Ist prefd 56 'Federal Steel 62%
ROW 34 I Do prefd hz
Do prefd 76% i Pac Coast tt
Rock Island 112% Nor A W prefd.... 66%
St Louis A S F 10% [Colo Southern 5%
Do prefd 68 Do Ist prefd 45
Do 2d prefd .»% I Do 2d pre-.] 17% j
CLOSING BONDS. I
U S 2? Reg 99% M X A T 2ds 65
Do 3s reg 108%! Do 4s .94% :
Do 3s coup 108% V Cerft Ists 115%
Do new 4s reg 129% N J Cent gen .120
Do new 4s coup. 129% No Carolina 6s 127
Do Old 4s reg 112%' Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up.. .113% No Pacific Ists 120%
Do 5s reg :...112%j Do 35..... 66%
Do is coup.. - 112% Do 4s 104
Diet of C 3.656 117 IN YCA St L 45. .106% (
Alabama class A.. i1l Nor & W con 45... 95
Do class B 110 I Do gen 6s ISO
Do class. C 100% Oregon Nay lsts...H4
Do Currency 100% Do 4s 105%
Atchison gen 4s 101% Oregon S 1. 65.... .131%
Do adj 4s $2% Do Con 5s 111%
Canada Bo 2ds....'.llo%ißeadlng gen 4s 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%5... 94% Rio Q W ists it-
Do 5s 119 St L& I M con 55. 110%
Chi &N W eon 78.143 St I.&SF gen 68.124%
Ho S F deb ...171% St Paul con 168
Chicago Term %<"»% St P C St P 15t5. ..122%
Den & Rio G 15t5. .105% Do 5s 12254
Do 4s 102% So Railway 6s 110
E T V & G 15t5.. .105% Stand R & T 65... S7
Erie gen 4s 71% Term new set "5... 97%
FW & D C Ists... 85 Tex & Pacific lsts.H6>*
Gen Electric 58 117 i Do 2ds 54%
GH_S A6s 114 Union Pacific 45. ..106%
Do 2ds 111% Wabash 15t5....;. 115
H &TC 6s 113 I Do 2ds 99%
Do con 6s 112% West Shore 45. ...... 114
lowa Cent Ists.. 114 Wis Cent Ists 70
KCP & G Ists.... 66 Va Centuries 84
La new con 4s 110%' Do Deferred 5
L &jN unified 45.. 98% Colo Southern 45.. 86
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 1 05
Con Ca! & V l 60 Plymouth 10 j
Dead wood 5-» Quicksilver 2 25
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 80
Hale & Norcross.. 22 Sierra Nevada 87
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 65
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 40
Mexican 47 Yellow Jacket 38
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Do prefd 64%
Call loans 4 ©4% Mich Tel 88%
Time loans 3%cg4 Bonus —
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100%
Atch Top &St Fe. 18% Mining Shares—
Amir Sugar 148% Allouez Mm C 0.... 9%
Ho prefd 117 [Atlantic 31
Bell Tel 350 Host. _ Mont 345
Boston _ Albany. .2s6 Butte & Boston 90
Boston A- Maine.. .lß9 Calumet & Hecla..S2o
Boston L 109 Centennial 28%
Chi Bur & Q 132 Franklin 23
Fitchburg 116 Old- Dominion 42%
Gen Electric lis Osceola 9
Federal Steel 00% Quincy 160
Do prefd 72% Tamarack 230
Mexican Central... 13 ; Wolverine 44%
Old Colony 209 Parrott 61%
Rubber 49% Humboldt 1%
Union Pacific 42% Adventure 11%
West End 93 I Union Land 8
Westingh Elee 49 I
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 11- The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were more active and
rather cheerful to-day. Americans were large
ly bought well above parity, but New York
hesitated, then receded, and at the close were
dull, with further weakness in the street.
London buyers were much discouraged. Ana
condas were 12%'d12%; Tintos were 49. Silver
was dull, though India bought at the lower
level, America not pressing sales. ]
(SING. '
LONDON. May Canadian Pacific. 110%; '
Northern Pacific preferred, 80%; Union Pa- .
cific. 85%; Grand Trunk, 77%, Anaconda, 12%:
Bar Silver, quiet, 2S 3-16 d per ounce; Money, 1 j
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 11.'— FLOUR— Receipts, 11.
--1"9 barrells; exports, 7827 Inactive and weak :
on all grades but winter extras. Winter
straights, $8 6003 60: Minnesota patents, $3 75@
4; winter extras. $:: 7504 10; Minnesota bakers',
$2 8503 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 93.455 bushels; exports,
9948. Spot, weak. No. 2 red, 82% cf. o. b.
afloat, lie elevator: No. 1 Northern Dulutn,
81c f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened 1
easy on the crop reports, and at once rallied on '
reports of Insects ln the Southwest and the j
lei.criitah in corn, bellowing this came a final
collapse under various bear raids ami heavy !
liquidation. The close was nervous and weak
at 1%<52%C decline; May, 76%f777%c. closed |
76% c; July. 74%<§7( 3-i6c, closed 75c; Septem- I
her, 74%075%c, closed 74% c; December, 74%@
76c, closed 74% c.
HOPS— DuII.
v.c » Steady.
PETROLEUM— .
METALS— The market shows a steady un
dertone, but If quite inactive on the- whole,
Iron scored a nominal advance on a more ar
bitrary turn in the views of producers. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, firm at $11 25.
LAKE COPPER Dull at $13
TIN Quiet at $24 45 bid and (25 4.'. asked. i
LEAD Steadier, $4 42% bid and $4 47% asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 25 and for
copper $19.
SPELTER— Continued at $6 75 bid and $6 77
asked.
COFFEE Options closed barely steady, un
changed to five points lower. Sales, 45"0 bags.-
June. $5 10; October, $5 45: November, $5 50;
December, $5 70; March, $5 85. Spot coffee —
chili. Mild Hull.
SUGAR— Weak. Fair refining, 4%c: centri- :
fugal, 96 test. 4 9-16 c. Refined Barely steady.
BUTTER Receipts 3316 packages: stronger.
Western creamery, 14%017%c; factory, ll'icff
13c.
EGGS Receipts, 11.745 packages; steady.
Western. 13fili%o: Southern, 12^ 13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7e57%c;
prime wire tray, B%(§9c: choice, 9%*i9%c; fan
cy. 9%
PRUNES 9%«j9%c
APRICOTS Dull" at 13@14c; Moo-park, Ho
18.
PEACHES— 9%@11%c; peeled, 250
2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 11. Th" Government crop re»
port, which suggested a yield of 310,000,000
bushels, gave wheal a weak start The senti
ment, however. Boon i hanged and the market
became strong on reports from several States
of the appearance of chinch bugs. The buying
was weak hearted, and when advices were re
ceived from Buffalo that the announcement of
an early compromise of the labor troubles was
premature everybody who had wheat began to
unload. The market declined steadily to the
close. July opened %51e lower at 71@71%c, ad
vanced to 72.', declined to 71c. Many stop
loss orders were reached at 71c, and their ex
ecution caused a slump to 69%0C9%c. The
close was at 76c. Light receipts and good
cash demand strengthened corn, but part of
the advance was lost in sympathy with, the
weakness in wheat. July %<j£%c lower, ad
vanced to 34c and declined to 33% cat the close.
Oats followed corn. July closed %c higher.
Provisions were steady earl) in sympathy
with the strength of coarse grains, but de
clined later under heavy liquidation. July
pork closed at $*> 27%; July lard closed at $4 95
(§4 97%; July ribs closed at $4 60.
"The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. ''lose.
Wheat No. 2—
May 70 70% 63 69
July 71% 72 69% 70
September 70% 71% 69% 69%
Corn No. 2—
May 32% 33% 32% 32%
July 33 34 32% 33%
September 53% 35% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
May 25% 26% 25% 26
July 22% 23% 22% 24%
September 20% 21% 20% 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 8 40 8 45 8 25 * 27%
September 855 8 62% 845 845
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 4 97% 5 02% 495 4 97%
September ..: 5 12% 515 505 5 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds -
July 465 4 67%. 460 460
September 4 77% 4so 4 72% 475
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 71c; No.
3 spring wheat. 65<571e; No. 2 red. 72%f?74%c:
No. 2 corn.'33%c; No. 2 oats. 26%ig26%c; No? 2
white, 29%ca30%<- : No. 3 white, 25%«7'29%c; No.
2 rye, 58e: No. 2 barley, 35041 c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 06; prime timothy seed. $2 35; mess pork, per
barrel, $< 1508 25; lard, per 100 pounds. •s! 90@
4 95; short rib sides. loose. $4 40:154 70; dry
salted shoulders, boxed. 4%(54%c: short clear
sides, boxed, $4 8504 90; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, cut loaf,
unchanged: clover, contract grade, $6 3556 40.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14.000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 44,000 seven
Corn, bushels 128.001 670,000
Oats, bushels 368.000 366.000
Rye, bushels 4,060 21.000
Barley, bushels 16.000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 12(517c; dairies,
10514 c. Eggs, steady; fresh, ll%c. Cheese,
weak; creams, 10%!ffllc. '^gTfßs
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 8% 5 7% 5 6%
Closing ...5 8% 5 7% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept-Dec.
Opening 2105 20 50
Closing ....' 21 05 20 50
Flour-
Opening 43 15 28 05
Closing 43 15 28 05
THE OUTLOOK FOR CANNED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 11.-The Journal of Com
merce says: Trade here has been waiting for
the opening prices on California canned fruits
for a week or ten days, but as far as can be
learned none of the packers has put out prices,
although it is understood that some confidential
prices to large buyers have been made at an
advance of 10 to 12% per cent over the opening
figures last year.
No brands are mentioned, but we understand
that several of the local representatives of
prominent packers have issued the following
I quotations privately to a few or the larger
I buyers on extra three-pound standards, viz. •
j $2 25 on sliced or peeled apricots. $2 7. on halves
! or sliced lemon cling peaches. $2 45 on yellow
j free peaches, $2 70 on Bartlett pears, $2 10 on
; plums of all varieties, $3 05 on Royal Anne
! and $2 65 on black cherries, all f. o. b. Call
i fornia.
The hesitancy of packers on the coast to
' make prices Is said to be due to the uncer
j tainty felt by them as to the possibility of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1899.
obtaining sufficient stocks of green fruit, be
cause of the prospect of a large demand from ■
Eastern markets this season for California |
fresh fruit, owing to reported failure of East- |
crn crops. There was at last mail advices
from the coast an active demand for green !
fruits from the Eastern trade, apricots, cher
ries and Bartlett pears being in particularly
good request, and growers were indifferent to
requests for supplies from both canners and
driers, as from present Indications they believe
that the Eastern trade will require at least
10,000 cars of green fruits this year, and with ;
better facilities offered by railroads for the
shipment of fruit fresh in refrigerator cars, j
growers. It is understood, will give their first |
attention to the marketing of the larger part of |
their crop In that way.
According to our advices, growers are mak
ing every effort to secure orders for green fruits
for the East for shipments before July 10 In
order to get the trade in these markets. There
.fore, instead of waiting for consignments of
fresh fruits to be made shippers, we learn, are
buying freely on a cash basis for shipment to
Eastern markets, feeling confident that all they
send forward will be absorbed in New York.
Chicago. St. Louis and other markets in the
East and Middle West.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. May 11.— There was a fairly ac
| five demand for cattle to-day at previous j
prices. Fancy grades brought $5 40^5 50; choice
steers, $5 1505 25; mediums, $4 50@4 86; stock- I
ers and feeders. $454 15: bulls, $2 7004 15; cows '-
and heifers. $5 (•OQi 25; Western fed steers, $4 40
oss 20; Texas steers, $3 9004 90; calves,
$4 50(57.
Trade in hogs was good, hut prices ruled a
shade weaker, with the exception of choicest
grades. Choice, $4 5005 35; heavy packers. $3 50
"1-' 72%: mixed. $3 60@3 85; butchers', $3 65®
3 90; light. $3 80(53 85: pigs, $3 25@3 75.
There was another sharp advance in the .
prices of sheep and lambs, there being a lively
demand and a good deal of competition be
tween buyers to secure the choicest stock.
There was an urgent demand for lambs to
ship East. Colorado unshorn lambs sold at
$606 60; shorn lots, $4 5004 75: sheep. $4 250
6 25: yearlings and mixed lots selling first.
Receipts— Cattle, 9500; hogs, 25,000; sheep.
12,000.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. May 11.— The following are the
prices realized by the Earl Fruit Company for !
California Cherries sold at auction to-day:]
Royal Anne, $404 25, average $4 10; Centennial, !
$3 12%; Pontlac, $3 12%.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 11.— COTTON— Steady;
middling. 5%c.
NEW YORK. May 11.— COTTON-Quiet; mid
dling, 6%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May 11.— Clearings, $350,298;
balances, $65,032.
! NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
1 OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 11.— The wheat market was
easier under the pressure of weakness in out
side markets and an advance in freights locally.
Nominal quotations are 57058 c for Walla Walla,
sS(gs3c for valley and 61e for bluestem.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash . May -Wheat lc lower;
club, 57c; blue st"m, 60.-.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. May 11.— There was a good at- '
tendance at to-day's session of the wool auc
tion sales.- Competition was strong and firm !
prices continued to rule. The Continent was'
a free buyer on good greasy merinos, which
I showed at hardening rates. The home trade
i took cross breeds and Yorkshire secured a fair I
j selection of Australian stock.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
I LONDON, May 11.— Consols, 110 5-16; silver.
■ 28 3-16 d; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and
sellers apart; cargoes on passage, easier, in
some request : English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, May 11. — WHEAT—
wheat In Paris, holiday; flour in Paris, holi
day: French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
j EXCHANGE AND BULLION. . ,
! Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
] Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 07.*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Mexican Dollars — 50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Government report, showing a
i percentage of over 76, instead of about 70. as
I expected, depressed the Chicago market from
72 to 69%. This effectually overcame the bullish
I reports of Hessian fly in Ohio and the plowing
up of 51 per cent of the Illinois acreage, the
remainder standing only at 52. In addition 50
per cent of Kansas and Nebraska was reported
plowed up. The bulls turned bears and raided^
the market The demand on shipping account
was poor.
This market declined in sympathy with Chi
cago and business was dull.
Spot Shipping. $1 05T,l 06%; milling,
$1 OS%®l 12',.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — December
-2000 ctls, $1 14%.
Second -December 2000 ctls. $1 14%.
Regular Morning Session — December— l6.ooo ■
ctls. $1 13%: 2000. $1 13%; 12,000, $1 13%; SOOO.
$1 13%: 20011, $1 13%.
Afternoon Session— December- -2000 ctls, $1 13%"
20,000. $1 13%; May— 2000. $1 06%.
BARLEY Lower quotations ruled on call,
but the spot market was dull and unchanged.
Feed, $1 O'J'i'Sl 05; Brewing, $1 07%@1 12". per
ctl.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— sales.
Sec-one] Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session December— 2ooo ctls,
91% c; seller '99, new— 87% c; 2000, 87% c.
Afternoon Session Seller '99, new 8000 ctls
87% c; December 91 tic; 2000, 91% c; 2000.'
91c.
OATS— dull and unchanged. The higher
prices seem to have stopped all business.
Fancy Feed, $1 50 per ctl; good to choice,
I $1 45171 47%; common. $1 37%®1 42%; Surprise.
JIM, Gray, $1400148; Milling. $145g1-50 per
Ctl; Red, $1 4"; Black. $1 32%@1 35.
CORN Previous prices rule.
Small round Yellow, $1 25(51 40: Eastern,
large Yellow. $1 12%®1 15; White. $1 15@1 17%;
mixed, $1 12% per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
' RYE— Steady but dull, at $lf I 02% per ctl.
BUCK WHEAT- Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40W3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40(33 45 per bbl for extra,
$3 25(83 40 for bakers' and $2 30®2 50 for super
fine. ._':■"
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50(84 75;
j Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25^3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; ("racked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 5606 95; ln sacks, $6 35(g6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay situation Is' getting Interesting
again. The crop of Los Angeles County Is a
failure and warehousemen at Hollister and
Tres Pinos reported a partial failure In those
sections yesterday. If Los Angeles has to come
j north for Hay this year It will make a great
I difference with the market, but if Texas and
I Arizona supply her wants the failure will have
no effect whatever. In view of the very low
j prices now ruling a large acreage will be cut
; for grain this year, and in this event the pro
duction of Hay will tie much smaller than has
been expected up to this date. The situation
is complicated and dealers do not know ex
actly where they stand in reference to the
coming crop.
The market was quieter yesterday, as re
ceipts were larger again, but prices showed no
change.
Lower prices are quoted for Bran and Mid
dlings, but the market is steady at the decline.
Oilcake Meal and Cocoanut Cake are lower.
BRAN— SIS 50<&16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@IB 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, $22 50ff123 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026 50; job
bing, $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $214922; Cotton
seed Meal, out of market: Cornmeal, $23 6045
21 50; Cracked Corn. $24®25; Mixed Feed, $15
fa 16.
HAY— Wheat, $10c(yl2 50 for good to choice and
$S@9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $S®11;
Oat. $7 60@10'; Barley, $6cSS 50; Alfalfa, $4®6 50.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is nothing new to report.
BEANS— Bayos. $1500165; Small White, $1 90
@2 10, Large Whites, $1 5091 65; Pinks. $1 SO® I
90; Reds, $3 25®3 35; Blackeye. $4@4 10; But- |
ters, nominal: Limas, $4; Pea, $2 35®2 50; Red |
Kidneys. $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, $2®2 10; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb; Alfalfa. 8%®9%c; Rape. 3®3%c;
Hemp. 4@4%c; Timothy, 4%®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 76@2; Green, $2 10®
2 33 per ctl-.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 729 boxes Asparagus, 410 boxes
Rhubarb, . 43* sacks Peas, 116 sacks Beans and
I 403 boxes and 656 sacks new Potatoes. ,: , ".
Peas. continue to decline and the canners se
| cured supplies at the inside quotation. Beans
are steady. Summer Squash is coming in from
Vaeaville and prices are weak. Garlic contin
ues to decline.
There Is no particular change in Potatoes and
1 Onions.
POTATOES— SI 25® 150 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 40@l for River Burbanks; Oregon, $115®
1 30 for seed and $1 5001 SO for large; New Po
tatoes. 1%(52c per lb in sacks and $1 5001 S5
for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— for fair and 60<575c per ctl
for good to choice; new. 40(550/3 per sack for
Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60ci5$l 25 per box
■or No. 2, $1500176 for No. 1 and $2 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 40(5 60c per no - for common and 75c@
$1 for good to choice; Green Peas. I%'cj2 for
common and 3c for Garden; String Beans,
from Los Angeles, g@6c for green and 4fi6c. for
Golden Wax; String Beans trom Vaeaville, 6(9
8c; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $1 5052 50 per box;
Egg Plant. 10@12%C per lb; Garlic, 10c for
old and 5(57e for new; Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, s'al2%c;
Carrots.. 25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
50o<eJ$l per dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c;
Summer Squash, $1(82 per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern Is expected to-day.
Local stock is steady at about previous prices.
POULTRY-Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50(ff1J75; Goslings. $2@2 50; Ducks, $5(56 for old
and $5 50(57 for young; Hens. $405; young
Roosters, $7-cT<; 50; old Roosters, $4 25©5; Fryers,
$6-S'6 50. Broilers. $4 50@5 50 for large, $2 50@3 50
for small; Pigeons, $175(52 per dozen for 'old
and $2<g2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese is lower again. Eggs are In fair de
mand and steady at unchanged prices. Butter
stands the same.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 16%@17c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 13@14%c;
store. ll(512c per lb.
CHEESE- Choice mild new, 10c; old. s%c;
Young America, ll(511%c; Eastern, 14%@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@16c for store and 17018 c"
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16%(g'17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1470 boxes Cherries and 673
chests Strawberries. '
The situation in Cherries remajns about the
same, though prices are slightly off. The re
ceipts have daily grown smaller for several
days, but the high prices keep the market from
cleaning up. so the stock is increasing in spite
of the diminishing receipts. A good many
black were shipped to Portland and Victoria
yesterday, but white were not wanted for this
business and free supplies were left on hand
at the close.
Berries of the different kinds are coming
in more freely, as will be seen by the quotations
below.
Receipts of Apricots have ceased.
Oranges are tirm at the recent advance.
Lemons and Limes are steady. Apples are
scarce and firm.
Five boxes of green Apples came in from
Vacaville.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $1 50-52 50 for fair to good and $3@3 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 25c per drawer and
2(530 per lb in bulk: Blackberries, $2 25 per
crate; Strawberries, $355 per chest for small
and $2 50(53 50 for large berries; Raspberries,
$1 50@] 75 per drawer. Newcastle Raspberries,
15c per basket. ■
Cherries, 35060 c for red. 35(560c for white and
75c(55l per box for black; black, in bulk, 8-g9c;
white, 4(56c per lb.
Apricots, per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 2503 75
per box; Seedlings. $1 25<rT2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 60@2 25; Lemons. $1 25171 50 for com
mon and $2<52 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $6@6 50; California Limes. 50(g.76c per
small box; Grape Fruit, $1 50(92 50; Bananas,
$1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NETS AND RAISINS.
New- York mall advices say of Prunes:
"Prunes continue steady, though buyers are
few and mail orders from consumers are not
large, though the aggregate is sufficient to
maintain prices at about the previous level.
The total supply available for distribution is
so small that with any consuming demand at
all prices must remain firm or advance. Some, :
further export demand from Germany is ex- I
pected, supplies in that country being very !
low and the embargo on American dried fruits !
removed. How serious the drop may be remains ;
to be determined, but it Is certain that It is '
large. The reports have a strengthening in- '
fluence on the market, and, it is thought, mas
cause an advance."
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. : c for 40-.V s. 55)
5%c for 50-60' a. 4'n'4%c for 60-76*8, 3H@3%c for
70-80's, 2%@3%c for 80-90' 2%«2%c for 90-100's '
and 2ft2%c for 100-110's; Peaches, S%(S9%c for j
good to choice. 10(510%c for fancy and 14(5 for
peeled: Apricots, 12%'eii;:.- for Royals and 14(5. j
for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 9@'9Hc: sun I
dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums nominal, j
l%c tor unpitted and 4%@6c for pitted; Pears, '
3<J79c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%e for four-crown, 4%-56c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2%-53c.
Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts. 6@Bc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell: Almonds, Beg
9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell. 14<8>16c for
I papershell: Peanuts, 6-57 c for Eastern and 4%iiji :
be for California: Cocoanuts, $4 501J5.
HONEY— 10-gdlc for bright and g@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%
7%' ; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 505% c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2SO27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams continue stiff and active, with a prob
ability of higher prices in the near future.
Bacon is also firm, but Lard Is rather easy than
otherwise.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
S%(g9c for light medium. 10H@Hc for light, 12c '
for extra light and 12%013c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. ll(511%c; California
Hams, 10(510%c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef. $15-515 50; extra
| prime Pork. $12: extra clear. $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
' LARD— quoted at 5%(55%c per lb for j
compound and 7%'fi7%c for pure: half barrels,
pure, Re: 10-lb tins. B%c; 6-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%(56%c; packages,
j less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
i case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, : H,c; 50-Ib
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
ibs net, B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs,7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
| about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
\ steers, 10c; medium, 9@9%c; light, B%c; Cow
i hides, 9c: Stags, 6<&6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
I 10c; dry Hides, sound, lfic: culls and brands,
i 13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c:
I Sheepskins, shearlings, 10030 c each; short
' Wool. 35060 c each; medium. 70090 c; long Wool, ,
90c@{l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75-52 25 for
i large and $1 for small: Colts, SOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4-54% c per lb; I
No. 2, 3%cfi3?ic: refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and j
J Southern, 7 months, 709 c; year's staple, 6csßc; i
' Foothill and Northern free. 10(512c; Foothill
and Northern defective, SfllOc; Nevada, 9-5 12 c;
I Humboldt and Mendocino, ll!<?12c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 fffHo
: Southern sV4®7c
Plains 5 (56c
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10(511c per lb for ordinary,
; 12@12%c for good and 13®15c for choice to
j fancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue scarce at the high prices, and
the same may be said of Veal. The other de
scriptions show no change.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%«<B%c per lb for Steers and 6@6%c
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, Re; small, 8%<59%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. BHO9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%<55%c for small, 6%@
6c for medium and £(55% c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4% ©5 c; dressed Hogs, 7
@B%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c for June
and July: Wool Bags. 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
\ ton. $3; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
i Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, '$7 50:
| Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
I Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
j Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
| In sacks.
j SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
. pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-Ib bags;
I Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
! Powdered. 5%c: Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
j Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C. 4%c;
! Golden C. 4%c: barrels, l-16c more; half barrels.
I %c more; boxes, %c more; 50-Ib bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
] equivalent.
Imports from the Hawaiian Islands In April
were 414.926 bags, against 314,371 in April, 189 S.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, May 11.
j Flour, qr sks 11 126 Quicksilver, flks. 17
I Wheat, ctls 4.725 Sugar, sks 10,625
Barley, ctls 1.417 Sugar, bbls '57,-,
Tallow, ctls 206 Lime, bbls 182
| Butter, ctls 316 Pelts, bdls 230
I Cheese, ctls 282 Hides, no 1«7
Beans, sks 153 Hay. tons 493
, Potatoes, sks 1,130 'Wool, bags 62'
I Onions, sks 450 Eggs, doz. 80,430
I Bran, sks 691 Wine, gals 38,100
i Middlings, sks.... 58.1 Leather, rolls 122
I Lumber, feet..... 30,000
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were irregular on the morn
ing session. Hawaiian Commercial was steady
at $120 50. Paahuau advanced to $42 75, Ono"
--mea to $45 37%, Oceanic to $94 and Vigorlt Pow
der to $4 12%. under large sales. Gas and
Electric declined to $73 25: Kilauea Sugar sold
at $32 25. Other changes were slight.
On the afternoon call the only noteworthy
change was a decline in Contra Costa Water
to $72 50.
The Omaha Gold mine of Grass Valley has
levied an assessment of 23 cents, delinquent
June 20.
Mining stocks showed • little change. The
telegram from the pump said: "Expect to
start the second elevator to-day. Dltficulty in
connecting so long a line of double column In
the shaft is the cause of the delay. First ele
vator is working steadily. The water in the
1750-level winze Is 41 feet 8 Inches below the
station."
The Live Oak and Minuett Mining Company
of ..evada County has levied an assessment
of 5 cents per share, delinquent June S.
The Standard Oil Company announces a i
dividend of 3 per cent and an extra dividend I
of 9 per cent, against 3 per cent ami 5 per
cent extra a year ago. Thus far this year the
company has declared 6 per cent regular and
12 per cent extra, against 6 per cent regular
and 12 per cent extra for the two quarters in
1898.
At the recent annual : meeting of the
Maryland Consolidated Mining Company of
Grass Valley the following were elected direc
tors: S. P. Dorsey, L. V. Dorsey. E. M. Tay
lor. S. J. Alderman and Theodore Dorsey.
They organized by electing S. P. Dorsey presi
dent and superintendent and L. V. Dorsey sec
retary and treasurer.
The Empire mine of Grass Valley has just
paid a dividend of $50,000, the first this year.
The De Lamar mine in Idaho paid a dividend
of $4S.CcOO on the 9th.
The Gold King mine of Colorado paid a divi
dend of $20,000 on the 10th.
The Swansea mine of Utah paid a dividend
of $5000 on the 10th, and the South Swansea I
mine of Utah will pay a dividend of $20,000 on j
the 25th. ]
At the annual meeting of the Hawaiian |
Commercial and Sugar Company on Wednes- I
day 93.310 shares of the 100,000 shares in the i
capital stock were represented and voted in the I
following directors: W. M. Alexander. H. M. |
Baldwin. W. H. Chickering. Albert Meyer and j
E. M. Walsh. The financial statement was as !
follows:
Assets .' '...$4,393,872
Liabilities I 1,064,132
Excess of assets.. $3,329,740
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 11-2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Ask. ,
Bonds— • Equit G L Co. 7 7%
4s quar coup. .114 — Mutual El Co. 16% 16% I
4s quar reg... — — .Oakland Gas.. — 47%
4s quar new.. — 129% 'Pac Gas Imp.. — 73%
3s quar c0up..107%108 ip a c LCo — 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 72% 73%
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 — pan Fran 3% .3%
Cal Elec L 65.125%127% Stockton Gas.. — 13% i
C C Wat 55....112%113% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — jFirem's Fund. —
E L & P 65....130%131 I Bank Stocks-
F & CI Ry 6s. - 116 lAnglo-Cal .... — 67% !
Geary st fi ss. - — Bank of Cal.. —
H C & S 5%5.102% - Cal S D & T. — 98%
LARy 6s 106% 106% First Nationl.22o — !
L A L Co 65. 101% - .Lon P A A... — 131% !
Do gntd .101% - Mer Exchange'— 16 I
Market-st 65... 128 129% Nev Nat 8k..180 190 i
Do Ist M ss. 118 — j . Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75.108 — Ger S & L. — 1630
N Ry Cal 65.. 115 — Ilium S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R 6s. - 108 S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55. 103% — 8& L 50.... — 94
N Cal R R 55. 109% — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55. ...11 l — Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Rv .126% — Street Railroads—
P& CI Ry 68.107 — Califprnia -....115 —
P & O 6s 117 — Geary 67% —
Powell-st 65... — 122% Market-st 62% 63%
Sac El Ry ss. — — .Oak SL & H. — —
SF & N P 55. 116 — Presidio — 17
S F & S JV55.114%115%! Powder—
SierraßCal 6s. 108% - California 160 187%
S P of Ar 65. .113 113% E Dynamite... - 100
SPC 6s (1903) — 112 Giant ('on Co. 77% —
SPC 6s (1906) — — jVlgorlt 4 4%
SPC 6s (1912) — — Sugar—
SPCIs eg 58.100 — iHana P C 0.... 17% 17%
S P Br 6s 122% — IHaw C * S C.120 120%
S V Water 65. 116 116% Hutch S P Co. 35% 5n
S V Water 45.104%104% Kilauea S Co. 32% 32%
S V W45(3dm).102%103 Onomea S Co. 45% 46
Stktn Gas 65.. 101% — IPaauhau S P. 42% 43
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 73% — IAI Pac A55n. .112% —
Marin Co 50 — Ger Ld Wk5..250 —
Spring Valley. — — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic- S Co.. 94% 94%
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... — 2%
f'entrnl G Co.. — — Pac '' Bor C 0.115. 115 —
Cent L & P.. 6% — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
2" Alaska Packers' Association 112 50
80 Contra Costa Water 73 75
50 Giant Powder Con 77 50
35 Giant Powder Con 77 25
5 Giant Powder .Con.. 77 37%
50 liana Plantation Co 17 50
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 50
235 Hutchinson S P Co 35 62%
40 Hutchinson S P Co r 35 50
250 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 25
$6000 Market-st Rv Con 5 per cent bonds. 118 25
i 150 Market-st Railway *'<- .'•"■
i 100 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
' $5000 Oakland Gas bonds ill 00
I 100 Oceanic S s Co 93 75
65 Oceanic S S Co 94 -
| 50 Onomea Sugar Co 45 25
100 (Tinea Sugar Co 45 37%
' 5 Paauhau S P Co .'.... 42 25
120 Paauhau S I' Co 42 50
50 "Paauhau S P Co 42 62%
175 Paauhau S P Co I- la
50 S'F Gas & Electric Co 73 25
950 Vigor!! Powder 4 00
300 Vigorit I'owder 4 12%
50 vigorit Powder, s 3 4 00
Afternoon Session.
Board
50 Contra Costa Water.. 73 50
6(5 Contra Costa Water 73 25
50 Contra Costa Water 73 00,
10 Contra Costa Water... 7.' 50 c
.330 Contra Costa Water 72 15
300 Contra Costa Water, s 1" 73 00
15 Giant Powder Con .77 30
5 Giant Powder Con... 77 37%
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 25
20 Hutchinson S P Co 35 75
250 Hutchinson S P Co 35 62%
200 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 25
$7000 Market-st R R Con 5 per cent bds..Hß 25
120 Market-st Railway 6.1 00
$5000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent-b0nd5. ..113 75
100 Oceanic 6 S Co 94 00
125 Oceanic S S Co 94 50
100 Onomea Sugar Co 45 50
l"" Paauhau S P Co 42 87%
$11,000 S F & S J V bonds 11 00
$21. IS F & N P By bonds 116 00
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 75 00
20 S V Water 102 00
1800 Vigorit Powder 1 00
Street—
$5000 S V 6 per cent bonds ; 116 50
$10,000 Edison L & P bonds 131 00
$16,000 Market-st Cable 6 per cent bonds. l 29 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co '. 45 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
20 Spring Valley 101 75
2" Spring Valley I'd 62%
25 Hutchinson s P Co '.. 35 50
30 Hutchinson S P Co 35 62%
45 Market-st Railway 63 i"i
25 Oceanic S S Co 94 00
200 Vigorit Powder 4 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
10.1 Best & Belcher 53 100 Potosi 28
100 Caledonia 35 100 Potosi 27
100 Challenge ...... 32 100 Savage 25
500 Crown- Point... 16] 200 Sierra Nev 93
50 Crown Point... 15 100 St Louis 07
600 Hale & Norcrs. 25 1.00 Union Con 43
100 Ophlr ..., 1 15 Too Yellow Jacket.. 39
100 Ophlr 1 20'
Afternoon Session.
1100 Belcher 35| 100 Ophlr 120
100 Best & Belcher 55 100 Potosi 27
400 Caledonia 3S| 50 Sierra Nev «
100 Caledonia 37. 100 Sierra Nev 94
500 ("hollar .' 32 30 Standard 290
300 Hale & Norer*. 25 : 400 Union Con 41
600 Mexican 50 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 41
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Belcher 31 500 Mexican 50
410 Bullion 07 1 200 Ophlr 120
600 Chollar 31 200 Ophlr 1 17%
600 Con Cal & V...1 60 300 Ophlr 1 25
800 ("on Cal & V.l 62% 300 Sierra Nev 93
300 Con Cal & V...1 65 300 Sierra Nev 94
900 Hale & Norcrs. 26; 200 Sierra Nev 95
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 35 300 Overman '.. 14
200 Con Cal & V...1 651 400 Potosi 28
200 Con Cal & V.l 62%! 200 Savage 25
500 Crown Point... 18 200 Sierra Nev . 96
850 Gould & Curry. 35 300 Union Con 45
200 Hale & Norcrs. 27 700 Yellow Jacket.. 40
400 Justice 23 j 200 Yellow Jacket.. 41
200 Ophir 1 22%' 200 Yellow Jacket.. 42
100 Overman ... 13]
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 11-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
j Alpha 06 07 Justice 22 23
Alta — 0:1 Kentuck 04 06
Andes 09 ,10 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 85 36 Mexican 51 52
I Best & Belcher 55 56 Occidental 34 —
I Bullion 06 08 Ophir 120 125
Caledonia 37 38 Overman 13 14
("hollar 32 33 Potosi 27 2S
Challenge Con. 33 — Savage 23 24
Confidence 1001 05 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & V...1 165 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nev 94 95
Crown Point... 17 IS, Silver Hill _' C 3
Con New York. 02 —Syndicate 05 _
i| Exchequer — 03 Standard 285 —
• j Gould & Curry. 34 35] Union Con 44 45
; I Hale & Norcrs. 25 (Utah 16 IS
; I Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 41 (3
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Archibald J. Treat to Rudolph Spreckels lot
on SW corner of Pacific and dough streets' W
50, S 100, W 87:6, S »:$%, E 137:6, N WW
$10. '
John and . Mary Lehrltter to Henry Ernst
lot on S line of Hayes street, 137:6 W of l!_'
guna. W 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Wells, Fargo A Co. to Adolph Muller, lot on
E line of Webster street, 130 N of Vallejo N
7', by S .-.i; $10. '
Albert and Llna Montpelller.'to Hlbernla Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on W line of Bu
chanan street. 83:6 S of California. S 55 by W
81:3; $10.
A. J. Hahn to Bertha Hahn. lot on S line of
Waller street. 231:6 W of Fillmore. W 25 by
S 120: gift.
J. W. and Mary Smith and Bertha Hahn
fwife of A. J.) to O. H. Lippert and A. J.
; Hahn, lot on S line of Waller street, 206:3 W
l of Fillmore. W 25 by S 120: $10.
i Tones F. A. and Mary Obermeyer to Edgar
I W. Hinkel, lot on NW corner of Pierce and
] Waller. W 112:6 by N 27:6: $10,
i Maggie J. "J.oeber to Ernst H. and Sophie
M. Eick, lot on S line of Sacramento street,
110 E of Baker, E 27:6 by S 132:7%; $6050.
C. E. and Mary E. Green and Laura B. Roe
to .1 Parker Currier, lot on N line of Clay
street, 137:6 W of Locust avenue, W 40 by N
127 :v%; $10.
Same to Gregor G. Eraser, lot on N line of
I Clay street, 177:8 W of Locust avenue. W 30
by N 127:8%: $10.
James and Alice G. Campbell to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on N corner
of Colton and Brady streets, NE 100 by NW
50; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Valencia
street. 90 S of Fifteenth, S 50 by W 137:6; $10.
| Charles and Caroline Wolf to Frank and Eu-
I genia Lahore, lot on S line of Twenty-first
street, 230 VV of Noe, W 25 by S 114; $10.
Alameda County.
Elvira M. Hawkins (wife of Eli W.) to An
| . gela C. Barb.igelata, undivided half interest in
I lot on E line of Telegraph avenue, 100 N of
Hawthorne. N 50 by E 125. being lot 12, Buena
| Vista Homestead, Oakland: gift.
F. C. Havens to Llla R. Havens, lot on N cor
ner of Bonita and Piedmont avenues. NW 128:3,
NE 90, SE 93 to beginning, block 2, Piedmont
Park, Oakland Township; $5.
! George and Carrie R. Sterling to same, lot on
N line of Piedmont avenue. 95 NE from NE
corner of Piedmont and Bonita avenues, thence
! on a curve along N line of Piedmont avenue.
NE 94. thence NW 162.40, thence to the left and
SW 95, thence to the left and S 188 to beginning,
being lot 2, block 2. revised map Piedmont
Park. Oakland Township: $5.
Mary L. Marshal] to Sophie Elder, lot 3.
block P. Knowles and Potter subdivision of
Kennedy Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Martin and Jennie M. Walsh to A. C. Speer
lot on S line of Effie street. 200 E of Dwindle,
E 40 by S 132:6, being lot 6. block 8, Case Tract,
to correct 694 d. 27. Berkeley: $500.
I A. C. Speer. to Isabelle Speer, same, Berke-
I ley; gift.
Builder's' Contracts.
I Oscar L. Fest (owner) with John Wikman
(contractor), architect William H. Wheeler,
i carpenter, brick work and plastering for alter
! ations and additions to a two-story frame
| building on N line of Turk street. 146 E of
i Scott, 28 by 137:6. Rough frame up, $320;
; brown coated. $320; building completed, $22";
thirty-five days after. $315; $1275.
Tong Bong (firm of Sing Fat & Co., 614 Du
pont street), owner, with Hills & Fisher (con
tractors), architect John J. Newsom. all work
for an addition in rear and in basement of
building on E line of Dupont street, commenc
ing at N line of main north wall of St. Mary's
Cathedral, on NE corner of California and
Dupont streets. N 25, E 112, S to a point, W to
beginning; $4200.
A. Miguen (owner) with A. Hurthere (con
tractor), architect J. Godart, all work except
plumbing for alterations and additions to one
story frame building to make a two-story
frame building (flats) at 1605% Mason street,
between Valleio and Green, W of Mason, 55:6
N of Vallejo. N 22 by W 70: $700.
I NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
j office, where complete sets of charts and sail
- ing directions of the world are kept on "hand
I for comparison and reference, and the latest
; Information can always be obtained regarding
; lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
I of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
j building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
I about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
j noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
; ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
i on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
j in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N . in charge.
j SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
. United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
] Francisco Bay. Published by official au
i thority of the Superintendent.
I NOTE— high and low waters occur at
! the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
j the height of tide If the same at both places.
FRIDAY, MAY 12.
_
Pun rises... 5:01
Sun *ets '.'...'.'.'.'.'.
Moon Beta .' 10:10 p. m.
O [Time (Time! ITfmei ITimei
» I Ft. I ! Ft. ; ! Ft. ' Ft.
!» H W LWj H W IL W
12 ... 0:12 6.1 7:15—0.7 2:30 4.5 6:5 i) 3.1
13 ... 0:53 0.6 8:001—0.4 3:21 4.6J 7:43 3.2
14 ..I 1:36 5.1 g:4s| o.o| 4:12! 4.7| Bj6o M
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides I
the early morning tides are given In the left j
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
I the day. the third time column the third tide
. and the last or right hand olumn gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
•liven are soundings to th» soundings on the
: United States Coast Survey charts, except
j when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
. the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean nt the lower low waters.
TIME BALL. ;
: Branch Hydrographies Office, U. 8. N.. Mer- •
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
May 12, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
I building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
■ I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at X
i o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS.
1 Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in oharse.
I STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Pan Juan lAcapulco [May 12 \
Acapulco Panama May 12
; Samoa IHumbnldt Bay !Alay 12
; Umatllla IVictoria <<■ Puget SoundlMav 12
I Santa Rosa Pan Dletro May 12 :
I Pomona iHumboldt 'May 12
| Weeott ! Til!amook Ray IMay 13
! Crescent City.. Crescent City May 13
! Tltanla Nanalmo May IS
I Pmsrreso 'Seattle May 13
Luella ITillamnok IMay 14
Coos Bay [Newport IMav it
! Ar-ata irons Bay IMay 14
! Aloha (Point Arena May 14
; Signal IColumbla River May 13
I Fulton [Portland May In
■R. Hernster Coquille River May 15
State of Ca1.... Portland May 15
Corona ISan Diego IMay Ifi
"Wnshtenaw iTacoma iMav Ifi
Newburß Grays Harbor May 1*!
i Empire ICoos Ray |May 16
Queen 'Victoria & Puget Sound I May 17
Bonlta ...IXewport [May IS
1 North Fork IHumboldt ! Mav IS
, Grace Dollar. .. lOrays Harbor jMav is
j Point Arena Point Arena [May IS
: Gaelic China find Japan 'May 19
Columbia iPortland IMav 20
; STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
A. Blanehd Humboldt May 12, spm Pier 13
Bonlta Newport I May 12. 9 amlPier 11
Columbia .. Portland May 13. 10 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. ' Point Arena.. May IS, 3 pmlPier 2
Pomona ...IHumboldt 'May 14. 2 pmiPler 9
Santa RosalPan Dlei^n [May 14. 11 am pi» r 11
Coos Bay... I Newport [May 16, 9 am; Pier 11
City PekinglChlnaiS-JapanlMay 16. 1 pmIPMSS
T'niaillla ..IVIc * Pert Sd. lMiv lfi, io am:P'nr •>
Arcata ICoob Bay IMay lfi, 10 am' Pier 13
Aloha IPolnt Arena. .l May 17. 3 pm'Pler 2
Moana ISydney [May 17. 10 I Pier 7
State Cal...lPortland IMay. 18 1" am Tier 24
Corona 'San Dle o 'May IS, 11 am I Pier 11
San .Tuan...lPanama.. 'May IS. 12 m'FMRP
Steamer.
Destination.
I SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. May 11.
I Stmr Westpnrt, Peterson, 17 hours frm Rear
! Harbor.
| Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, 31 hours from
j Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy, I.eland, 17 hours from Mon
terey.
Bark Carondelet, Stetson, 7 days from Port
Gamble.
Rktn Catherine Sudden. Ekrem. 5 days from
Grays Harbor.
1 Sohr Monterey, Reek, Ifi hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr 3 Eppinger. Colstrup, 15 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Hansen. — hours fna
Stewarts Point. Up river direct.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, 5 days from Tilla
mook.
Schr Twilight, Hansen, 5 days from Colum
bia River.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, 3 days from Coos
: Bay.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Topfer, 14 days from
Tacoma.
CLEARED.
Thursday. May 11.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, San Pedro; Good alt,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Belgian King. Wels.-«. Hongkong
: via San Diego: Cal and Oriental S S Co.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmon.!. Nannlmo; X
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Nor stmr Tltania. Scenes, Nans 1 mo; John
Ro?enfeld's Sons.
SAILED.
Thursday. May n,
Stmr Alliance. Donaldson, Portland,
Stmr Walls Walln. tinge. Victoria end Port
Townsend,
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Nnnalnio,
Nor stmr Tit. mi i. Egenes, Nnnattna
Ship Charmer, Davis Port Angles.
Schr Mary C. Mil-en, Fort Rons.
Sohr Seven Bisters, Rastnussen, Coos Ray.
Schr Rio Rej . Johnson
Schr American Girl, NlUen, Port Gamble,
s.-hr Msris EG Smith, Smith, Port Gambia,
Schr Newark, Heck. Bowen* Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS- May 11, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Alice Cooke loads mdse for Honolulu.
The G W Watson loads lumber at Tacoma
for Tahiti; Sierra Nevada, wheat for Europe,
26s 3d.
SPOKEN.
' Apr 28— 28 N 57 W. Br ship Port Elgin, from
Tacoma for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May -Stmr Cottage
City, from Dyea.
NEAH BAY Passed May 10— Stmr Progreso.
from Seattle for San Francisco. '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 10— Schr
Meteor, from San Pedro for Port Gamble; schr
Serena Thayer, from San Pedro for .
Sailed May 11— Schr Salvator. from Olignpia
for San Francisco.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Arrived May 10— Schr
Barbara Hamster, hence May 5.
OLYMPIA Arrived May 10— Bktn North
west, from San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES Arrived May 11— Str
Alcatraz. from Bowens Landing.
EUREKA Sailed May 11— Schr Lottie Car
son, for San Diego: bktn Monitor, for San
Francisco: Bchr Bertha Dolbeer, for Newport:
stmr Fomona, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived .May 11— Schr Maxim, hce
May 3.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 11— Stmr Green
wood, hence May 10.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 11— Stmr Novo,
hence May 10.
I EUREKA Arrived May 11— Stmr Lacuna,
hence May 8.
ASTORlA— Arrived May '1 Schr Wehfoot.
hence Apr 26; stmr State of California, hce
May 9 __
SEATTLE— Arrived May 11 V S stmr Bear,
hence. V
Sailed May 11— Jap stmr Riojun Mam, for
Yokohama and Hongkong.
USAL— Arrived May 11— Stmr Newsboy, hce
May 9.
PORT GAMBLE Sailed May 11— Bark Fres
no, for Port Ludlow. _ ,
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 11— Bark
Fresno, from Port Gamble.
EUREKA Sailed May n-Stmr Samoa, for
San Frai _ , 
■■' PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 11— Schr Me
teor, from San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CARDIFF-Sailed May 10— Br ship Lady Isa
bella, for Esquimau „ . ,
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 10— Fr baric
Duchesse Anne, for Hull.
MANILA Arrived May .I—ll S stmr Han
cock, hence April 1«. Prior to May 11— Br bark
Ancona, from Newcastle. NSW.
QUEENSTOWN Sailed May 10— bark
Jeanne d'Arc, for Birkenhead.
Arrived May 11— Br ship Galena, from Ore-
Br ' n ' TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK Arrived • May 11— Stmr Bra
silia, from Hamburg via Halifax.
Sailed May 11 Stmr II H Meyer, for Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 11— Stmr W a-s
- — Arrived May Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck from New York via < her
bourg for Hamburg. ...'-/-
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 11— Str >paarn
dam. from New York via Boulogne.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Maasdam. for New
York. "
OCE-_N TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
JL Steamers leave Broadway
JfP^^ wharf. San Francisco:
fflcfll- For Alaskan ports. 10 a., m..
i ___!?£_»__. ya y 1. 6 " n - lfi " 21 " 2 , 8 "
1 l_f__!_^B_% June 6: change at Seattle.
I I-_X_EN wl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
J 98S__-^___L) C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
' Jefr^sllWmt Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
>iiM and New Whatcom (Wash_).
-^ 10 a m.. May 1. 6 11. 16. ZL
i 2«. 31; June 5. and every fifth day thereafter,
1 change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. f-
Ry.; a*. Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May 4.
!9. 14. I£. 24. 29; June 3. and every fifth day
i thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo i. )
i Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hu»neme
j San Pecro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and I
I Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28;
i June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. May 2. 6, 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. 30; June 3. and
.every fourth day thereafter.
For En-.<enada. Magdalena Ray. San Jose del
Cahn, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guas-mas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to rhanr*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ard he---, of OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.. '
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
Ptc'MTCH FAST STEAMERS TO
3P O 3E^Tl__-_V_SrT3
Fmrn Pne« , --?_-?et Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC * 12 Flr st Class Including Berth*
IHiiL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia tails April 23: May 3, 13. 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 3.
18. 28
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
NEW rORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARtI.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever-- Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May s!»'t. Lonla May 24
Paris Mi- I' -1 ' Paris May 31 /
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul Juna I
RED STAR LINE.
few York and Antwerp.
v v-r^v > N»w York Every Wednesday. 12 -~~-.
Noordland May SWesternland May 34
Friesland May 10 Kensin»T-on May 31
Southwark May 17Noord!nnd Jun» I
EMPIRE LINE
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
j For lull information regarding freight and pa*.
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery at., or any of Its agencies.
Pff _^BS|SIS 8- S. Moana sails
■ MIIIL vla Honolulu and
£**"•' Auckland for Sydney
■ > —^ Wednesday, May if.
_S L' A at 10 p. m.
ySil'i'l'S:,, f^' 9 for Honolulu
©iPfl&h We o dnes ' iay - May 31 -
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
[ England, etc.; $610 first class.
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
TOYO KISEN KAisiil
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
j YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkung with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. .Tune 1
NIPPON MART" Tuesday. June 27
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE^
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage. S5O and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome, 935. Other Steamers, »30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. $25.50. Furnessla. #_4.50. Other
Strs.. *_:iOSO.
For Book of Tours and information applr to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. ,' Bowling Green. New *or_.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 5 Montgomery at.
Or L. F. COCKROFT '14 Montgomery St.. -
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2%'w Montgomery St.,
SAN FR n . -.'CISCO.
COMPAOMIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQOE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. *_»»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <jr_p"'>
from Pier 12, North River, foot of •«» t * , S* tt >^«
Morton St. LA BRETAGNE May 20: LA
TOURAINE. May 27. LA GASCOGNE Jime 3;
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA BRETAGNE.
June 17 First class to Havre. |65 and upward,
E per cent reduction on round trip. Second class
to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green.
New York. .1. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacitic Coast
Agents, a Montgomery nve.. San Francisco.
KAY AND RIVER STEAMiRa.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER 11. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at i a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. an.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular eteamera
leave Washington-street wharf at t> p. m.
■ Ihll> (e^oecptinK Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Trlfphc.ne Main SOi.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. J
Slcnmer "Monticello."
Men I c ■■••« Wrd.. Thurs. and sat., at 3:45 a
nt,. JLIN. 5.30s .30 pm. test. . hura. night); Fridays
I t> in and s;S".>: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S p. "m!
tjcimimK and ofrtoe. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No t Telephone Main 150 S.
I WAmM , MoVESSELS NOW
OUTFITTING FOR
THE GOLDFIELDS
Steamer Townsend to
Go North.
— —
PURCHASED BY CHAS. D. LANE
FOR ST. MICHAEL-CAPE NOME
KOTZEBTJE TRADE.
»
Tug Wizard Purchased for Work on
the San Pedro Breakwater.
Stowaways on Steamer
Australia.
»
The steamer Townsend was purchased
by C. D. Lane, the mining man. yester
day. It is his Intention to send her north
to run between St. Michael and Kotzebue
BACK TO THE FROZEN NORTH.
THE steamer Townsend is going into the St. Michael, Cape ♦'
Nome, Golovin Bay, Port Clarence and Kotzebue Sound trade. 88
She was formerly the steam whaler Alliance, but was practically **
rebuilt and made into a first-class steamer a short time ago. She **
was put on the run between San Francisco and Coquille River, but **
yesterday C. D. Lane, the millionaire mining man, purchased her *'
and is going to send her back to her old cruising ground in the north. *
• j
,-. ,-. \ «~ »- .-• \ '. to *. •- '. *. »5 S *. ''• •* 92 92 *_ *• *2 92 88 93 *^ ** 91 88 \ % 10 »9 to Si
% % % ... % _« % ;* Zt _• c* <-• :• -• 5# :• c* -• >-« <-■• C* >.• c« l« te» c* t* c « <_• ._• c* sei w»
Sound, taking In Golovln Bay and Cape
Nome, the newly discovered diggings. At
the latter place It will be easy enough to
land, but there will be no getting the
boats back again through the surf, so the
chances are that the hulk of the business
with Cape Nome will be done through
Golovln Bay.
The Townsend was formerly the steam
whaler Alliance. She was laid up in Oak
land Creek for years, but last year she
was taken out of retirement and practi
cally rebuilt. She was then named the
Townsend and has since been running be
tween San Francisco and Coqullle River
In the lumber trade. Yesterday Mr. Lane
and a party of friends took a trip outside
the heads on the steamer and her new
owner whs very much pleased with her.
The Townsend will sail for her new field
of labor about the beginning of next
month.
The bark Alaska and the barken tines
Jane A. Falkenburg and Catherine Sud
den are also being got ready for a trip
to the gold fields. The Alaska came out
of Oakland Creek yesterday and went to
the California drydock. She. will he thor
oughly overhauled and sail about May
2"). She will carry passengers and freight
principally for Kotzebue Sound, but also
for Cape Nome, Golovln Bay and Port
Clarence. The Catherine Sudden arrived
from Grays Harbor yesterday and as soon
as she has discharged she will be got
ready for the far north. The Jane A.
Falkenberg is to be brought out of Oak
land Creek and she also will join the
procession.
The big- transportation companies do not
expect any rush until after the return of
the first steamer from St. Michael. They
fire satisfied that the new fields are rich
and very extensive, but as Louis Sloss
said yesterday afternoon. "The general
public will not believe it until they have
had some proof." The steamer Bertha
will leave here June G nd on her return
trip from St. Michael she will probably
bring down a number of miners laden with
nuggets. At St. Michael the Bertha will
connect with the Alaska Commercial
Company's steamer Sadie, bound for Cape
Nome. Golovln Hay and Port Clarence. As
soon as the Yukon River opens a number
of the stern-wheel fleet of steamers will
be put on the route, as an exodus from
Dawson Is. expected. -U.-:
Heldmelar & Neu, the contractors for
the San Pedro breakwater, have pur
chased the tug Wizard from the Ship
Owners' and Merchants' Tugboat Com
pany. She is now receiving a thorough
overhauling and having her boilers put
In. after which she will be used In towing
rock barges. Some time ago the contract
ors purchased tho tut,' Hercules from the
Ship Owners" and Merchants' Towboat
Company, but they have since learned
that a second boat Is necessary. The
Wizard is a very able boat and as sound
to-day as the da^- she was launched:
The United States transport Grant
came off the Hunters Point drydoch yes
terday and was anchored In the stream
off Folsom-street wharf. She will be
coaled from scow schooners and on the
loth Inst., when the Centennial sails for
Manila, will dock at the south side of the
Government wharf. The work of getting
the Sherman ready is going along with
WILL CARRY FREEDOM
TO CHINESE SLAVES
J 1 1 I further propose to open the doors of the slave pen now exist
\ _ / lug in Chinatown and give to the unfortunate women of that
q VrV quarter the freedom which is ours to .give, and which the law
says must be theirs. To blot out from our city that dreadful feat
-0 ure of iniquity. Resolution of the Vigilant Society.
©-©-©-©-©-©— ©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©
a rush, and she will probably get away
about the-: 22d inst. '-*- Wr.-ifZ-
There was some pretty loud talking in
the engine-rooms of the transports a
couple of days ago, and some of it Is
going on still." Each vessel carries seven
engineers. There were the chief and the
first, second and third assistants, ail of
whom had to be licensed officers. Then
there were the fourth, fifth and sixth as
sistants, who ranked W junior engineers
but were not required to hold a certifi
cate. Now the order has gone forth and
all the "juniors" must pass their exami
nation and tret their papers before they
can go to sea as fourth, fifth or sixth en
gineer. Very few of the young men have
been long enough at sea to entitle them
to a certificate, and in consequence new
men will replace them on the transports.
The freight steamer Belgian King ar
rived from Honolulu last Wednesday
night and docked at Lombard-street
wharf. Her cargo for this port will be
all discharged to-day, when she will sail
for San Diego. This Is the Belgian King's
second visit to the oast, and when she
was last in San Diego a full description
of the vessel and captain was published
in The Call. „ x ,
The steamer Australia took away a
couple of stowaways that only got as far
_ the Farallones on their way to Hawaii.
They wen two women, who said they
wished to reach a soldier brother who is
in the Islands. When they were discovered
Captain Houdlette signaled the pilot boat
Lady Mine and put them aboard. Cap
tain Erskine at once headed the Lady
Mine for port and landed the two women
at Meiggs wharf. The women refused
positively to give their names.
HEAVY WEIGHTS TO BOX.
Joe Kennedy and Gus Ruhlin Have
Been Matched by the Excelsior
Club.
Gus Ruhlin, the heavy-weight who
boxed a draw with Peter Maher recently,
has been matched by the Excelsior Ath
letic Club to box Joe Kennedy twenty
rounds some time ln June. Ruhlin will
leave New York with his manager, Billy
Madden, next Saturday, and hen he ar
rives complete arrangements will be made
for the bout. Kennedy boxed twenty
rounds with Jack Stelzner some months
ago in this city and got a decision.
According to Richard K. Fox's sporting
paper Champion Fitzsimmons is jealous of
Jim Corbett's success as a dipenser of
hard liquors. This is how the story goes:
Fltzsimrr.ons Is awfully jealous of Corbett's
sueceps a.s a tavern keeper, and lias decided
to bark in the same kind of an enterprise.
The flittering exterior of his rival's thirst
alleviating institution is an eyesore to the
champion every time he perambulates on New
York's famous thoroughfare (of course pugi
listic, etiquette- would not permit him to enter
the door). lb- has seen— from the outside— the
interior bursting almost with compressed hu
manity. He has— maybe — heard the Jlnglo of
coin and the musical rustle of the "long
gr«-en" as It was passed into the dexterous maw
of the Immaculately attired dispenser of liquid
Joy, and his soul has been stirred with envy.
Fltz wants to emulate his rival, and his
mind's <■>•■ has pictured the Interior of a
more gorgeously equipped "winery" in which
to receive his friends and admirers. "The
cl<iser the better." he said to the real estate
man whom he commissi to And a location,
when the latter asked him It he desired to
be near "Corbett's Place.'.'
MEN FROM OHIO.
Members of the Ohio Society of Cali-
fornia Will Take Steps to Wel
come President McKinley.
At the meeting of the Ohio Society of Cali
fornia held last evening in the Red Men's
building the wing named were elected as
active members: A. A. Wat kins, S. J. Conger,
George An Reynolds, George C. Potter. J. A.
Hosmer, George _," Everett, R.^^ert E. Dick
enson, Louis 11. Cosper, Wallace W. Everett,
A. C. Glenn, 3. Q. Glenn, C. W. Kimble, Z.
McLaughlin. Newton C, Terwllliger, Theodore
J. Savage, Henry W. Thorp, F. W. Whiteside,
John Rinner, A. I?. Capp, Grosvenor P. Ay ere,
Frank Bettman, Edwin Bunnell, A. B. Yeo
! mans, J. H. Baker, L. C, Robinson and F. H.
Bunnell, all of this city. Rev. F. S. Brush of
Alameda. John O. Hemler of" Jamesvllle Cal.,
and Julien E. Pardee of Susanville, Cal., and
the following named as associate members:
Mrs. Mary (J. Dunn, Aaron 1 cud and Mrs. An
nie E. Fish of San Francisco; John N. Evans
Robert M. Fulton, Word D. McNellly, Daniel
, <". Wheeler and Joseph E. Stubbs, president of
the Nevada State University, all of Reno, New,
and Mrs. Marie E. Aram of Alameda.
The committee on the reception of President
McKinley when he comes to California reported
that It had received positive Information that
the President will be in San Francisco within
three months. The committee Is authorized to
raise subscriptions to defray the expenses In- i
cident to the welcoming of the distinguished !
visitor. •'"""
»-*-.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, beat, perfect paint; I
sample bottle 2fcc. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
.■ ♦ ■
! Bold Daylight Robbery.
Mrs. Jerome Carr of 1027% Market street
visited police headquarters last night and
reported that a sneakthief had entered
her apartments in her absence and stolen
a valise, a purse containing $28 and nu
merous valuables that were lying on the
dresser. The robber gained access to the
; room by means of a skeleton key. , I
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
i sample bottle 23c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.»
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 12, 3899.
MORE GUNS
TO PROTECT
THE HARBOR
The Defenses Nearing
Completion.
— • —
PLACING OF BIG MORTARS
— —
ALL THE ORDNANCE FOR THE
SECOND BATTERY AT HAND.
•
Work to Be Done at Fort Baker.
Plan to Put Old Fort Scott
to Practical Use by Im
provements.
Few people aside from those directly
connected with the work are aware that
San Francisco is to-day the second best
fortified harbor in the United States. In-
deed It is doubtful If there are a half
dozen harbors in the world so invulner
able to a hostile fleet as Is the Golden
Gate.
New York harbor has more guns mount
ed than there are here, but Xew York is
much more extensive and difficult to
properly fortify than this. For ten years
the building of modern fortifications has
been going on here, and before the year
is ended it is expected that the last of
the . modern high-power breech-loading
rifles and mortars contemplated in the
plan of defense, for this side of tho en
trance at least, will be in position ready
to repel invasion. The work on the Ma
rin shore at Fort Baker may not be com
pleted for another twelve or twenty-four
months. -
The work under way now Is the mount
ing of the second battery of sixteen mor
tars on the bluffs above and back of old
Fort Winfield Scott Eight of the huge
pieces of ordnance are already in posi
tion and the others are all in the city and
are being rapidly mounted. Every day or
bo one of these pieces is hauled from
the railroad yards to the reservation,
where It Is quickly placed on its carriage
by the forces of the Third Artillery.
These mortars are considerably larger
and more destructive than the battery of
sixteen that was mounted about three
years ago. The new mortars are 12-lnch
steel, breech-loading weapons, throwing
a shell weighing 1000 pounds, while the
others carry. -pound shells. . £*-'*J
In addition to the mortars a 12-Inch
fie and disappearing carriage of the
newest model are ready for shipment
from thej East, if they are 'not already on
the way. There is still another gun and
carriage of the same size and type near
ing completion, and as soon as they are
In position the 12-inch battery at Fort
Point will be completed.
An eight-inch rifle and carriage is about
ready for shipment from the East, which
is intended for what is called the ceme
tery battery that is being placed in the
old cemetery purchased by the Govern
ment for the purpose a few years ago.
Another eight-Inch gun and carriage . is
in course of construction, and as soon as
they are in place the cemetery battery
will be completed, and. In fact, the en
tire fortifications as 'far as planned for
this side will be in position.
At Fort Baker two more twelve-inch
rifles and disappearing carriages already
ordered are necessary to complete the
water battery that is being constructed
on Gravelly Beach, almost on a level with
the sea, between Point Bonita and Fort
Baker proper. It is not generally known
that the guns mounted on the bluff at
Fort Baker form the most elevated for
tifications in the world, being at a greater
height above the sea than even the guns
at Gibraltar. '-,'. ■."'•■
The fortifications at Fort Baker as
planned at present will be completed with
the placing of a battery of sixteen 12-inch
mortars. But no steps have been taken
on this part of the work yet.
Some time— but not for some years prob
ably—the old brick fort, or a portion of
it, that stands just at the entrance to the
Golden Gate will be put ta practical use.
Array engineers have prepared plans and
submitted a report to the War Depart
ment recommending that the top story of
the fort be removed, the. brick and ma
sonry walls reinforced with steel plates
and a battery of rapid-fire guns, mounted
in heavily armored steel turrets, be
placed on top of the structure in such a
position that they would fairly rain metal
upon any ship that might possibly run
the gauntlet of the heavier guns and at
tempt tec force her way through the chan
nel This plan .also contemplates using
part of the fort for a torpedo station,
from which mines across the channel and
the approaches to the Gate would be op
erated Congress, however, must provide
for this work before anything can be
Recruits for the two new heavy bat
teries of the Third Artillery are coming
in rapidly. Battery N is being organized
at Angel Island and Battery O at the
Presidio. Under the reorganization law
every artillery regiment is entitled to
we've- heavy and two light batteries, an
increase of two heavy batteries from the
old formation. t*_ «__ ■_■
The casual detachment at the Presidio
Is busily engaged now In target practice.
Orders 'from the department are that
every man sent to the Philippines shall
be thoroughly drilled and carefully, In
structed in target practice, for they need
sharpshooters out there now. ;
LOST HER JEWELS.
An Occidental Hotel Guest Plucked
of Valuable Diamonds.
Mrs. C. D. Hazzard of Minneapolis, who
has been a guest at the Occidental for
some weeks past, reported to the man
agement yesterday morning that dia
monds and other jewels to the value of
several hundred dollars were missing
from her rooms.
With her daughter Mrs. Hazzard lias
been stopping at the Occidental while her
new home in Belvedere was building. On
Wednesday they moved across the bay,
and late that night Mrs. Hazzard missed
her gems. She remembered having left
them In an upper drawer of her bureau
at the hotel, and yesterday morning hur
ried across to this city to get them.
They were gone, however, and there
was no clew to their whereabouts except
in the abrupt leavetaklng of one of the
chambermaids. Investigation, however,
developed that the chambermaid had left
before the diamonds were taken. Mrs.
Hazzard has employed detectives to trace
her Jewels, and the hotel management Is
doing its utmost in her assistance.
■ m ■
o.aoooooflOflfi»»»»a«
« BEAD *
* Brig. Gen. King's »
Stirring Story of Our Sol- ?
w diers M
$ In the Blood- Stained $
a Trenches of Manila »
0 In Nex l Sunday's Call.
aa»»»«»ao: a a » « a a » «
Obstructing the Sidewalk.
The police have started a . crusade
against storekeepers who pile up boxes
on the outer edge of the sidewalk. Yes
terday four grocers on Ninth street who
had been warned to remove their boxes
and paid no attention to the warning were
arrested and released on bail. Their
names are: Dennis O'Connor. Alexander
McVicker, Richard McCoy and William
F. Harris. •'
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street. coiner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
HAD NOT DRAWN HIS
PAY FOR FIVE YEARS
© F. M. COKE, the chief paymaster of the department, had ©
Q ff * an experience yesterday that for a brief space of time completely Q
w I _ robbed him of his usual composure and presence of mind. As the w
© disburser of the funds with which the Government operates its army, ©
© Colonel Coxe was temporarily threatened with a run on the bank by ©
_ a creditor' whose existence had been forgotten In the daily routine q
of the branch of the service over which. the colonel exercises control. This
© creditor, whose faith in Uncle Sam's ability and willingness to pay caused ©
© him to credit the Government for nearly five years, is an old army sergeant ©
q named Otis V. Estes. He was honorably discharged from the Eighth In- ©
fantry on account of age after a life spent in the service. In accordance rt
© with the law in such a case Estes was entitled to $30 a month during the
© remainder of his natural life." He was discharged from the service about ©
_ the latter part of 1893, and for a few months he drew his allowance regu- ©
** larly; then he decided that he would make a trip around the world, so q
Q off he started and the paymaster's department heard nothing more from
© Sergeant Estes. It was thought that he was dead and his existence was ©
ft forgotten. ©
° A few months ago Sergeant Estes, having tired of globe trotting and hap- ©
O pening by chance to be in Honolulu, called on the paymaster there just to. _
© see how his account stood and to get a little pin money. He had his pa- ®
ft pers with him and everything was correct, and after the paymaster had ©
** figured for a while he found that the old soldier was entitled to about $1800 ©
O of Uncle Sam's gold coin. His papers showed that Estes last drew pay on __
© August 31, 1894. The paymaster became suspicious. He had never heard of w
q such a case before. He had always been bothered with men and officers ©
w who would like to draw their pay before It was due, but here was a sol- Q
O dier who had not drawn it for nearly five years. He sent the papers here q
© to Colonel Coxe, who verified them at army headquarters in Washington, n
rt and they were found to be correct. ©
O
0000 00© 0000000000 000000000 O O O O
URGENT INVITATIONS
TO ADMIRAL DEWEY
CITIZENS REQUEST HIM TO
VISIT SAN FRANCISCO.
Secretary Long Asked to Change the
Route From the Suez Canal to
the Pacific— of Ona
Voice.
Although the dispatches from the East
announce that Admiral Dewey will make
the return trip straight to New York via
the Suex canal, still the patriotic citi
zens of this coast have not given up the
Idea that the plans may be modified so
that the opportunity will be presented to
give the hero of Manila an ovation in this
city. At several meetings recently resolu
tions were passed looking to this end, and
foremost among the business bodies was
the local Chamber of Commerce. Yester
day Secretary Scott forwarded to the ad
miral the following urgent invitation to
visit San Francisco on his return:
Admiral George Dewey, U. S. N., Flagship
Olympia, Philippine Islands— Sir: Realizing
the great importance of your brilliant achieve
ments, especially to us of the Pacific States,
and desiring to join with our fellow citizens In
welcoming you and your good ship Olympla,
which we all feel is a child of our coast,
both In name and construction, we earnestly
hope that you will favor us, when it may
be consistent with your official duties to return
to an appreciative country, by coming over
the ocean, rendered safe to our commerce by
your signal victory, and bringing back your
ship to the place of her birth.
Should you decide, we respectfully request
that you will grant to the Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco the honor of tender
ing you a public reception when In our city.
With the highest regard for your good health
and welfare, we beg to subscribe ourselves,
sir, Your Obedient Servants.
To this was added this dispatch from a
kindred organization in the southern part
of til" State: <
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., May 11. 1599.
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco: We
most heartily join you in your efforts to in
duce Admiral Dewey to return home via San
Francis
Santa Barbara Chamber of Commerce.
Supplemental to this invitation a letter
was sent to the Secretary of the Navy re
questing the department to change the
programme for Dewey's return, which
reads:
Hon. John D. Long, Secretary of the Navy,
Washington, D. C. : As we understand Ad
miral Dewey Is about to return from Manila,
; and claiming with the rest of the citizens of
' this coast a particular and special concern
in his great victory and ship, the Olympia, we
' earnestly hope that you may find It consistent
with the best Interests of your department to
\ have him come back with his flagship by way
of our city.
1 The Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco.
CHARLES NELSON, President.
THE FUR WILL FLY.
Dogs That Will Course at Union Park
on Saturday and Sunday.
As coursing -will start at an early hour
on Saturday at Union Park, a majority of
the owners of dogs will leave this city
on the San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railroad so as to be on the
ground before the wild rush from the
steam cars result. The drawing for the
meeting was held last evening in Pythian
Castle and resulted as follows:
Extra stake, thirty-two dogs, run down— H.
Lynch'a Langford vs. G. H. Burfeind's Pas
time;. Brwln A Lyons' Little Van vs. J.
Byrnes' Nellie B; Hurley & Reilly's Richmond
Queen vs. W. 11. Jones' Lady Marlon; Pasha
Kennel's Road Agent vs. John Kerrigan's
Lightfoot; Hurley A Reilly's Expense vs. E.
M Kellogg' lowa Boy; J. Maher's Safeguard
vs. F. C. Mack's Black Patti; J. O'Brien's
Statesman vs. Handy & Smith's Whlspbroom;
E. H. Mulcaster's Lass o" Gowrie vs. E. Bau
meister's War Cloud; W. C. Glasson's Terro
nite vs. G. A H. Kennel's Dempsey Lass; K.
Attrldge's Masterpiece vs. T. A. Gaffney's Sir
John Arnott; Hurley & Reilly's Master Mai
v . D. Hooper's Morse Patrol; Yosemlte Ken
nel's Mose vs. William Fingler's Van (Imp.);
Rlncon Kennel's Hard Lines vs. J. Deane's
Belle of Anderson; 8. Mahoney's Chief of the
Hill vs. A. Johnson's Llssak; 11. W. Hike's
Nancy R vs. J. Jones' Gallivant; T. F. Lo
gan's Miss Grizzle vs. W. A. Hoag's Lady
>.c (borne. ~ ■ J ~ ._.,
Open stake, OS entries, run-down— H. A. Deck
elman's Lawrence vs. J. Seggerson's Cande
laria; J. Max stale's Beau Peep vs. J. Perry's
Commodore Nash; D. Hooper's Koolawn vs.
D J. Healey's Rusty Gold; 3. O'Dowd's Scout
vs. A Massey's Ha_a.wlst; D. J. Healey's For
'lion' vs. John Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh; George
Sharman's Walt a Little vs. Handy A Smith's
Victor; F. Moran's Snapshot vs. Handy A
Smith's Magic; J. Keenan's Rlacklock vs. W.
ii Jones' Rustan; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs vs. Aenetd Kennels' Pretender; J. H.
Perrlgo's Wayfarer vs. J. C. o'Donnell's Las
Palmas; T. T. Harrington's Mercy May vs. J.
O'Shea'B Tiger Lily; Lowe & Thompson's St.
Orln vs W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome; E. M.
Kellogg' Kid McCoy vs. E. A R. Scott's Lord
Byron" B Woods' Black Night vs. Russell, Al
len & Wilson's Rosin Clair; J. O'Shesa's Young
Flrenzl vs. F. Moran's Flying Faster; Lowe
A Thompson' Lowlander vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Old Glory; F. Moran's False Flatterer
vs Pasha Kennels' Emln Pasha; J. Keenan's
Royal Oak vs. J. Maher's Soubrette; Hurley A
Reilly's O. K. Capitol vs. J. H. Perrlgo's Belle
Seward; H. A. Deckelman's Rocket vs. Curtis
A Son's' Blackette; Irwin & Lyon's May Queen
vs D. .1. Healey's Maori Land; Rincon Ken
nels' Ski vs. J. Byrnes' Battleship; Connell
Brothers' St. Helen vs. D. Ford's Bonita; Lowe
A Thompson's High Born Lady vs. John Egan's
Mavfiower- J. O'Shea's Young America vs. H.
A "Deckelman's Glen Roy; R. E. de Lopez's
Santa Inez vs. Curtis & Son's McKinley; E.
M Kellogg' lowa Girl vs. J. P. Thrift St.
Michael: George Whitney's Theron vs. J.
Deane's Connemara; Yosemlte Kennels' Beauty
Spot vs. Handy A Smith's Petronlus; Pasha
Kennels' Firm Friend vs. Connell Brothers'
Mamie Pleasant; F. Moran's Golden Russett
vs. T. E. McEldowney's Lord Scattercash;
George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket vs. E.
Evatt's Hurricane; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs.
Lowe & Thompson's Patrla; 11. Lynch's Mys
tic Maid vs. Russell, Allen A Wilson's Lady
Emma- H. A. Deckelman's Mlra Monte vs. G.
3 Pan'erlo's High Flyer; D. E. McEldowney's
Rosebud vs. Courtney A Hare (name) Douglas;
Larkey & Rock's Myrtle vs. Irwin & Lyons'
Silver Lyon; J. Connell's Ixig Boy vs. John
Kerrigan's Conqueror; Handy & Smith's Daunt
less vs. George H. Burfeind's Royal Prize; J.
Keenan's Royal Ruck vs. R. E. de Lopez's
Santa Ana; Pasha Kennels' Metallic vs. Handy
A Smith's Ben Bolt; E. Baumelster's Winning
Ways vs. H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway; T. Sul
livan's Maid of the Hill vs. Handy & Smith's
Victor Queen; ,T. P. Thrift's Forgive vs. J. J.
Edmond's Morning Glory; R. E. de Lopez's
Santiago vs. M. London's Sharkey; E. H. Mul
caster's Hazel Dell vs. Larkey & Rock's Mi
nerva; M. London's Magneto vs. Kay &
Trent's Eclipse; I.arkey & Rock's Hercules vs.
Dennis A Porter's Interesting.
■>-*-. _
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
» 0 .
BARRED FILIPINOS.
Ten Would-Be Actors Refused a
Landing by the Immigration
Commissioners.
The special board of inquiry met in
Commissioner North's office yesterday
morning to consider the case of ten Fili
pino immigrants of both sexes on their
way to New York to take part in the rep
resentation of a Philippine village as ac
tors. It appeared from the statements
made by the applicants that they had
been engaged in their native country as
cooks and servants, but that they had
occasionally sung Spanish songs between
cigarette whiffs at cockfights, receiving
cigars and drinks as their reward.
As they produced no evidence to show
that they had ever been pelted with rot
ten eggs the board of inquiry was unani
mously of the opinion that they were not
even snide actors, and decided that they
were contract laborers and therefore not
entitled to land.
Baldwin Must Obey.
The effort of E. J. Baldwin to restrain
the Supervisors from Interfering with his
hotel fence has availed him not. The
matter was heard by Judge Troutt yester
day morning, and after a brief hearing
the court refused to grant an injunction
against the board as prayed, and the mat
ter was left ln the hands of the Superin
tendent of Streets. John B. Gartland, who
represented the Superintendent of Streets,
said that he was willing to grant Mr.
Baldwin twenty-four hours in which to
put the fence back on the line with his
property. If this Is not done the fence
will be removed in accordance with the
order recently passed by the Supervisors.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* At Auction!
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY MAY 16, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market St,
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North side (2502) Washington St., 33.6 ft.
west of Fillmore. 25:6x102; elegant house of 10
rooms and bath; sunny side of street, near
Alta Plaza.
MARKET STREET PROPERTY.
Northwest side of Market St., 265: 4 4 ft.
northeast of Castro, 2.".x120: one of the few va-
cant properties on the main thoroughfare; this
property always retains its value.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (2817) Union St., 213:10 ft. we.st of
Raker St., 27x150; two-story bay-window house
of 8 rooms and bath; well built; fine marine
view.
MISSION COTTAGE.
South side (3325) Twenty-first St., 137:6 ft.
west of Valencia, 23x114; a cozy cottage of 6
rooms, bath and high basement; good condi-
tion.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (60-62) 7Jje St., 120 ft. south-
east of Welch. 20x60; two flats of 6 and 4
rooms and bath; plastered basement; rents $29
per month.
TWENTY-NINTH STREET RESIDENCE.
North side (128-30) Twenty-ninth St., 175:6 ft.
east of Dolores, 54:2x114; two-story house of 11
rooms, arranged lor three tenements; always
rented at $35.
MISSION PROPERTY-DOUBLE FRONT-
AGE.
North side Dorland st., 110 ft. east of Do-
lores, through to railway, 135x116; a good loca-
tion for teamster, dairyman or laundry; oppo-
site Mission High School.
MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner San Bruno aye. and Twen-
ty-fifth St.. 25x100; large store with 3 rooms in
rear and flat above; stable."
SHIPLEY STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwest side (254-56) Shipley St., 350 ft.
northeast of Sixth. 25x75; four nice flats of 3
rooms each; rents $36; In Al condition.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
West side Second aye.. 150 ft. south of Point
Lobos aye., 25x120; good lot; ready for building.
• EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 63$ Market Street.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
o r \ g
UJ < WjL _%$£ ejgfef cTI
DOCTOR SWEANY.
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
ity to weak men. Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment. RUPTURE
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work: a painless, sure and
i permanent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele,
j swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
I with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
! POISON in any of Its stages thoroughly
; eradicated from the system. LADIES will re-
j ceive special attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send you a
i valuable book, "Guide to Health," free of
; charge. Address F. L. SWEANY. M. D., 737
Market street. San Francisco. Cal.
AUCTION SALES.
PIANO AND FURNITURE.
. THIS DAY (FRIDAY) at 11 a. m.
• 1403 McAllister ST., COR. PIERCE.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 667 Market si
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD
"EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest standard-gauge line and fastest
time between principal cities in the United
States and Mexico.
No change of cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars dally between San
I Antonio, Texas, and the City of Mexico and
Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango,
Zacatecas. Aquas Callentes. San Luis Potosi.
i Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
I met at frontier by representative of general
'. passenger department to attend to inspection
j of baggage, exchange of money, etc.
For further Information call on or address
I any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
j or - C. K. DUNLAP.
General Freight and Passenger Agent... .
1 Eagle Pass, Texas.
___ ADVERTISEMENTS.
$1,250,000 First Mortgage 6 Per Gent Gold Bonds,
■ 250,000 7 Per Cent Cumulative Preferred Stock
[ — OF THE
Pacific Coast Biscuit Company
IS HEREBY OFFERED FOR SUBSCRIPTION AT PAR,
Being the part not already subscribed for of the authorized issue of $1,500,000
Bonds, $1,500,000 Preferred Stock and $2,500,000 Common Stock of the above com-
pany.
OFFICERS: President, Charles M. Warner; Ist Vice President. Samuel Suss-
man; 2d Vice President, Herman Wittenberg; Treasurer, Turner A. Beall; Sec-
retary. Louis Saroni; Auditor, Harold Gibson.
DIRECTORS: Samuel Sussman, James Dunn, Herman Wittenberg, J. K. C.
Hobbs, Albert M. Brookes, Louis Saroni, Charles M. Warner, Thomas A. Mcln-
tyre. Turner A. Beall, William H. Corbin.
TRUSTEE: Produce Exchange Trust Company, Xew York.
REGISTRARS: Union Trust Company, San Francisco; State Trust Company,
New York. N. Y.
TRANSFER AGENTS: Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, San Francisco; Produce-
Exchange Trust Company. Xew York, N. Y.
COUNSEL: Lloyd & Wood, San Francisco; Ide & Rvan, Syracuse, N. V.;
Wm. Hildreth Field & Deshon, New York.
THE PACIFIC COAST BISCUIT COMPANY owns and comprises the follow-
ing well-known long-established and profitable companies: The American Biscuit
Company, San Francisco, Cal.; Portland Cracker Company, Portland, Or.; Wash-
ington Cracker Company. Spokane, Wash.; Seattle Cracker and Candy Company,
Seattle, Wash.; Oregon Cracker Company, Portland, Or.; Southern California
Cracker Company, Los Angeles, Cal., and the Standard Biscuit Company, San
Francisco, Cal.
All of the properties are valuable. The machinery and equipment are modern
and of a high degree of efficiency. The properties are free of all debts and in-
cumbrances and the new corporation starts with ample working capital.
The product is a staple necessity. The Industry is an important and growing
one and is not affected by the tariff or financial disturbances.
The management, as can readily be seen, is strong, experienced, capable
and conservative.
A thorough examination of these properties has been made by Mr. Robert
Shaw of Chicago, who has been for many years in the Biscuit Business, who
certifies that they are valuable and well adapted to the business An expert
accountant engaged by the organizers of the new corporation certifies, after a
thorough examination of the accounts for a period of years, that the earnings of
the various companies operated separately have made for a number of years
past. In spite of the severe competition which has existed among them, a net
average annual profit of $205,000 per annum and that a conservative estimate of
the earnings of the company after consolidation would be in excess of $400,000
without raising the price of standard goods to the consumer.
The PREFERRED STOCK of $100 per share Is cumulative, and dividends of
7 per cent are payable semi-annually. It has full voting power and together with
the common stock Is registered and is issued full paid non-assessable, carrying
no personal liability.
The GOLD BONDS of $1000 each are a first mortgage on the land, buildings
and machinery of the Corporation. Interest 6 % per annum, payable May and
November. Dated May Ist, D.; : *. and run for 20 years, with privilege of being
redeemed after 10 years at 105. A sinking fund of $25,000 per annum begins
three years from date of organization, to be set aside before payment of dividend
on common stock. Bonds may be registered.
The COMMON STOCK has been entirely subscribed for by those directly in-
terested in the management.
Application will be made to list the Bonds and Stock on the New York and San
Francisco Exchanges.
SUBSCRIPTIONS to the $1,250,000 Bonds and $250,000 Preferred Stock at par
will be payable 10 % on application and 90 % on allotment immediately after
closing of subscription books.
The subscription list will be opened simultaneously at 10 o'clock a. m. on
WEDNESDAY. MAY 10th, and close at 3 o'clock p. m. on Monday, May 15th,
at the following named Trust Companies and Banks:
UNION TRUST COMPANY San Francisco, Cal.
WELLS. FARGO & CO.'S BANK San Francisco, Cal
SECURITY SAVINGS & TRUST CO Portland. Oregon.
EXCHANGE NATIONAL BANK Spokane, Wash.
FARMERS' & MERCHANTS' BANK. ... Los Angeles, Cal.
BOSTON NATIONAL BANK Seattle. Wash.
PACIFIC NATIONAL BANK Tacoma. Wash.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST CO New York City, X. Y.
Prospectuses and forms of application may be obtained at any of the abov«
offices.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST COMPANY, NEW YORK.
BA3XBOAD TEAVEL. '.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 3:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:3%
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54 i
and 11:30 p. m.
HJNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m ; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
8:40, 6:16 p. m. Saturdays trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. \ April 16, .
Week Sun- 15.9. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am' 8:10 an» j
1:30 pm. 9:30 am! Petaluma, ! 6:05 pm 10:25 am !
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pn»
Fulton,
IJOara Windsor. 10:25 am
Heald&burg",
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:80 pm 8:00 am Oloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm i
T:W am i Hopland and 10:25 an» i
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pa i
1:80 am . 10:25 am
) 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:25 pm
3:30 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am] 8:40 am
1 and I
1:10 pm] 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pra '
T:SO ami 8:00 am! Sebastopol. . 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 5.00 pra'. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spr'.nps: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skajrgi
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop.
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, |
KelseyvllVe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake,
port and BaTtlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy :
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley'S,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion. Little River, ;
Oct's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
WeeBtport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum^
mlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
, On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*,
B. C WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
Jlaaar-l Manage* 1 . Geo, Pass. Agent.
CalUbraifi
% limited
SsfntaJ^ Route
Connecting Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO lICKETIfTICE— 523 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1893. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Paesen- | Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. i Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
»:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno a : SO am 2:42 pm
11:33 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm( 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:06 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 28. 1898.
WEEK DAYS. 8:30 a. m. and .:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Sator*
4_y at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
legs. Arriving in 8. F. at 11:30 p. m.
'■ BUN DAYS, C. 8. 10 and U a. m. »nd 1:45. 2:31
and 4 p. tn.
Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Afft*.. 621 Market *'- ■
BAIL-WAD TKAVEL. ,|
FOl'Tlll.l(l> Ittlllt c«»bi-*abtx.
(PACIFIC BrSTBK.)
Train* leewvce mi.) nr«t «Im« to nrrlte »J
MAPI FttAMC'IKro.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Mat 7, 1899. — abrit.
7:00.v Bi'iiicis. St— D an I Sacramento. . . . S:iSp
7jOOa Marysvii'.e, OroTlUoand Redding via
Woodland _ : 15 p
?:o«A.El!nira,, VacnviWo and Jtnmscy 8:43r
"J::>«>a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
t'aliito a -:iaiicl Santa Rosa..'. S .5 F
*>:(>»«. Atlautic lixpress. Ogden and I'.aat.. B:i!ir
»::tt>A San .lose, Livcrmore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Plac-rville,
Mnrysrilie, ChiTO, Red l!lu f 4:1!%P
»-.:-.o\ •Milcon, Oakdaloand isoncra 4:L»p
l):(IO» Ujywirds. Miltsaod Way htitlon*. ll:*- - **
o:t)c_A. Martinez, Trey, Lathrop, Stockton,
Meresed and Fresno 12:15?
9:«m>a I'rcTii.c, Mr.kerslit '. Hunt:- lUrliara.
Los Ai>gel"3s, Demiog, 111 I'.-po,
New 0:1 -us and East «:43 p
IO:OOa Vr.llc jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:1.1p
1 1 :«<> \ Haywire's, X les acd Way SUt m. 2»45_>
l^:W>_ Nilt-s, J.irormore, Stockton, Wacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Viaalis,
Pcrtcrville l:ISp
•ItOOP Sacramento I'iver Siemners *h:»0p
G:0»p Hsyrrar Is, Nilesnnd Way Stations. .1:43?
• :««>!• ce-7, Han Itaiuon, Vallejo,
Ni-int, (,'uliitei:::i. .Santii Itot;* 9:15*
4:OOi- Bcnlda, Vacavil'e, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding.
MarySTille. Ornf ille 1 0:43 a
4:.'l'»r "Miles, Han Josoaud Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Yei'i-'ini'. -hh-ei iug Cat for Raymond l'_:l3p
»:»<»!• Htocktou, Mercecl, Free no 12:13p
n:(><)r Mar mer., Trjcy, Meudota, Fresno,
! jave and I us Angeles 8:43*
_.iO<>rHanl.ii ,*i) Route, Atlantic I". :. press
for Hiijsie ami East C.-43p
6:00p The Owl. Fresno, B_k rsfield, San-
ta ;;.:r!>a-ie.. LcsAngtles 8:43.v
«:Oi>c- Ice Mctil, OK.loimnd Hast «:13a
C:o'»i- Hay cards, Niltssnd}: m Joso T:ls\
•_:<lO|- Vallejo 12:15p
7:<»<>i- Oregon I'.xrrnsH.Hacranienln, Marys-
villt", RoUltug, rtlaiid, I'nget
Kunnilm East 7:45 a
t»:*Op Valicdo, Port « *ta and Way Sta-
li ins t»»:50F
I— . .
COAST DIVISION (S_rro« fiauge).
c (FcotcfMirkct, Street. l '■■
1 J7:4..a Santa Cruz K:;nirsinii tor Santa
C'riiz a_d Principal Wry S'ations :S:05»
8:I3a Newark, OenterviUc, San Joeo.Fe'ton,
Bou'dereCn ek.Sants CnizaDd Way
Stati.jus BtSßtf
•2: 1 Op Newark, Ceuterrille, San .Trse. ■•••.•
Almaeleu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Frincipal Wr.y
Stations "I0:30a
■l:13p San Jose, Clenwood and Way Rta-
UOCS.. 0:2OA
b4:l,">i» Felton, Santa (piz and Way i ■• i-
Hove /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i ?romS*H FRiNCISCO Foot c" H»rt«t Street (Slip 8)—
*7:16 f.OO IL-OOA.M. JI:D3 *2:OD .3:C9
*i:00 t_:00 *6:" Ji".e-i.
i JromOAIUBD— Foot crCroadwaj. — *G:00 8:00 10:00*. U.
11-:C0 '1:00 t_:CO "3:03 1 _:C3 '3:03.'.M.
COAST IHTISKIN (P.roa.Kifluge).
I (Third and Townsend St^.)
| *6:IOa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. »6:30P
*7:00 a Kan , lose mid Wny Stations (Now
Almaden Wednesdays only) I::i9»
t7:3o\ Sunday Excursion for Sau Jose,
Bant* Crux, Padfia Groves ami
Principal Way Stations ,S:33r
9:00 a Man Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Orcn... I'a.^c) Unities, San
Luis «)lilbi,io, Ouadalune, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
I»:40a San .lose and Way Stations «8:O0a
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations 3:30*
*a:43i- San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, fs_u Jose,
OUroy, Hollister, Santa C'r.ir,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grors ■10:30 A
•BiSOp San.Toss and Way Stations *9:OOa
•4rlsf San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
5:30r flan Jose Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
U:3«i> San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
I t'»:4sr San Jose au-J Way Stations _ 7:3Qp
A for Morning. 1' tor Afternoon.
i * Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. tSaturdajr only.
bSaturday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday. .
! NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 15.9.
I FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKI
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •»:(», •»:*<>, 11:04 a. _X",
*1:.5, 8:20, 4:00, 6:15, *6:00, 1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sam
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00, »10:0 O. 11:00. U:3O
a m. ; 1:00. 'IMS, »X:SO, M:00, 15:30. 4:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Rafl Sundays.
_:M p m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK LAYS— *«:<O. 7:55. 8:40, -10:211
a m.: 12:J0. 2:15. •3:40. 4:25. 6:15 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00, »8:00, »8:45. "10:43. nt:4l
a. m.; 1:09. 3:20. •* :> ". •5:15. ,8:00 - 7:00. ":U
p. in.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 1:60. 7:55. 8:65. 10:33
\ a. m.: 12:35. 2:45, 4:65. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
BUN DAYS -8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 13:0*,
1:20. 1:40. 8:55, 6:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
»:00 «. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ot.
___> p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a, m. Sundays— and way sta'na.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— PL Reyes and way ats'a*.
j ~ - ■.'..'. ■ - . — — . "--ga
/^""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J^-tM 625 fiEABNY ST. Esta.U__t_d
P!«rf 5eT Ssa !n ** s '* ioT tho treatment of I'rtrata
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
f»2r> kf.ARNY ?»t. Establlabad
In 1854 for the treatment of Prirat*
Dlseuses, Lost Manhood. Debility ot
disease wearing on body and mind and
ESBM_Sra«| S_ln Diseasea The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
s*_________s___i___ t"nre»Eßar»Btcped. Callorwrita,
_>_-. 4, _*• UIBBO.V, Box 1957. 5 ac -Vandaca
910
ONE PRECINCT
IN THE SIXTH
IS DOUBTFUL
Ballots Marked With
a Lead Pencil.
— ♦
NO FRAUD YET SHOWN
— « —
MILLE_VS FRIENDS HOPE TO
SUCCEED FINALLY.
♦
City Engineer Clement Will Need the
Votes in the Disputed Pre
cinct in Order to Hold
His Seat.
«
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 11.
The politicians who hope to unseat City
Engineer Clement are deriving small sat
isfaction from the progress of the con
test now being conducted by Judge Hall.
The two wards, the Fourth and Sixth, in
which Mr. Miller's friends expected to
make great gains, have been completed
and show no practical difference from the j
official figures.
In the complaint filed by Mr. Miller It
was alleged that in the Fourth Ward
there should have been a difference of
eighty-five votes from the official returns
in favor of Miller. The contestant al
leged that thirty-live votes marked for
Miller had been counted for Clement: that
thirty-six votes were counted for Clem
ent that should have been for another
candidate, and that fourteen votes were
given Clement that should have been
thrown out.
In the Sixth Ward, where all the ma
chine political work Is generally sup
posed to be done, according to the con
testant. Miller should have been bene
fited ITtl votes, he claiming that the elec
tion officers had willfully juggled with the
counting in favor of Clement.
These two wards were counted with the
exception of one precinct In the Sixth,
and no difference was shown from the :
official figures. About a score of ballots
are held in reserve, owing to objections
made by either side, but there is nothing
to justify an expectation that the con- .
test will bring forth any changes such as
were alleged in the complaint.
In one precinct of the Sixth ward sixty
five ballots had evidently been marked by
a pencil. These were thrown out tem
porarily for the officers to appear and _-
plain. . , _
The progress of the recount In th- Sec
ond Ward showed no material change,
and it is probable hat it will be aban- '
doned before the whole city has been re- j
counted.
,
MURDER WAS INTENDED.
Remarkable Discovery of a Bullet in
a Victim of the Thalia Sa-
loon Fracas.
OAKLAND, May 11.— A discovery was
made to-day that establishes beyond ail
question the fact that the assault upon
"Covey" Randlett at the notorious Thalia
saloon on the county road about two
weeks ago was prompted by a murderous
intent. After the drunken brawl at the
Thalia, in which furniture and windows
were smashed and much blood spilled,
Randlett was treated at the Receiving
Hospital for an ugly gash on the head,
which appeared to have be en made by
blows from a revolver. Randlett was
very reticent all the while, and though It
was known that a pistol had been used
he declined to give any details.
Since then 1 »r. Howe has been attending
Bandlett, and to-day the physician dis
covered a hard lump on the back of his
patient's skull. An Incision was promptly
made and a flattened forty-four-caliber
bullet extracted. When confronted with
the missile Bandlett finally admitted
that he had been shot at the time of the
row. His escape had be. ii miraculous,
for the shot had been delivered straight
from the back, but instead of penetrating
the skull it flattened against the bone.
The discovery will be taken into account
by the Supervisors in scrutinizing the af
fairs of the immoral roadside houses and
saloons, and will be given consideration
in granting licenses in the future.
SENIOR BALL.
Members of the University Graduat
ing Class Hold Their Last
Social Function.
BERKELEY, May Commencement
week at the University of California was
ushered In by the senior ball held to
night. The ball is an annual affair given
by the members of the graduating class
and is always the last social function be-
fore the close of the college term. This
year it was held In Harmon gymnasium
upon the university campus. The work
of the committee on decorations left the
building very prettily arranged for the
occasion. Long hangings of blue and
gold, meeting at a point In the center of
the room, with a dash here and there of
red among the palms and greens, gave
the principal (feet. The limited number
of invitations made the hall less crowded
than usual, but the affair was. none the
less successful.
Following is a list of the committees in
charge:
Floor manager— William H. Houston.
Committee on arrangements— Charles
M. Mannon, chairman; Harriet Thane,
Miss Alice Rising, Miss Louise J. 'lolling
and Ernest Denfcke.
Committee on decorations— Miss Julia
Eppinger, chairman; Miss Josfephlm Ab
rams. Miss Florence M. Ewlng, Miss Lola
J. -a; Simpson, Miss [Catherine Wlckson,
Louis Eaton, Fred Huffman, Lloyd N.
Scott. Irving C. Allen and Seth Talcott
School Census Complete.
BERKELEY, May 10.- The report of the
School Census Marshal has been fin
ished and filed with the Town Clerk.
The report shows the following statistics
of children for the city; Number of white
boys. .14S0; number of white- girls, 14G4;
number of negro boys, 3; number of ne
gro girls, 6, The total number of school
children is 2!'.".:., of which 21.13 have at
tended the public schools during the year;
187 have attended private schools and 025 I
have attended no school at all. The re
port further shows the population of i
Berkeley to be 13,188, a gain of 874 over!
last year. j
PROFESSIONAL BEGGARS.
Paul Jenkins and his wife Annie are
professional beggars. Their mode of ope
rations Is for Annie to go Into saloons in
the "tenderloin" district and solicit alms
for a mythical starving family. She was
successful in getting, as a rule, a lot of
money, which he handed to her husband,
who remained outside.
They were arrested Wednesday night
by Policeman Sylvester, and when they
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
he at once recognized her as the woman
whose plea for her starving family on
two occasions had the effect of making
him give her some silver. When ques
tioned by the Judge , both unblushingly
denied ever having visited any saloon or
having seen the Judge before. This was
too much for the Judge and he sent them
to the County Jail for six months each.
Mrs. Dyas Gets Judgment.
A Jury In Judge Daingerfleld's court
found a verdict for $6000 in ravor of Mag
gie Dyas and against the Southern Pacific
Company yesterday afternoon. Some time
ago Joseph W. Dyas, . husband of Mrs.
Maggie ! as, was killed by a falling der
rick in tho yards of the Southern Pacific
Company. Mrs. Dyas brought suit to re
cover damages for her husband's death.
claiming that It was caused by the negli
gence of the defendant company in not
.supplying their employes with safe ma-
Hi nerv. The case occupied several days
in trial and yesterday afternoon was sub
mitted to the Jury, with the result that a
verdict- was found as above stated.
BASKET-BALL
TO BE PLAYED
FOR CHARITY
Alameda's Social Set
Is Interested.
— • —
LONGFELLOWS VS. HIGHS
— . —
THE GAME WILL BE SOCIETY'S
LATEST FAD.
»
' Teams Will Contest for Honors Sat
urday on the Lawns Surround
ing the Home of _I/v
George Mastick.
#
ALAMEDA, May 11.— Basket ball is the
latest fad of Alameda society. Although
there has never been a game of real Im
portance played here, the only topic of
conversation in the upper circles is the
contest to take place Saturday afternoon
on the lawn of Mrs. George 11. Mastick'
premises between teams representing the
High School and the Longfellow School.
The affair is under the auspices of tho
Alameda Women' s Charitable Associa
tion, and the proceeds will go to enrich
the treasury of that worthy organization.
Mrs. Mastick, who is one of the leading
spirits of the association, has made it a
practice to give her home over one day '
in .very year to some entertainment or i
social function, the proceeds of which
might assist the society In carrying on I
its work of charity. Last year it was
a "pink tea," which proved to be one of
the social features of the season. This j
year it Is to be basket ball, and from the
interest taken in the approaching game
icy the swell set there is iittle doubt that
the contest will be a brilliant society af
lair.
The teams will be composed of the fol
lowing young ladies:^
Alameda High School— Miss Zona Leon
ard (captain), center; Miss Vida McKean,
right center; Miss lima Slder, left cen
ter; Miss Ruth Thompson, goalman; Miss
Ora tiealey, right goal; Miss Kathleen
Lehnahan, left goal; Miss Doretha Bowen,
guard; Miss Edna Rue, right guard; Miss
Daisy Crawford, left guard; Miss Edith
Chipchase, Miss Bertha Crawford, Miss
Sadie Innes, Miss Gertrude Linderman,
substitutes.
Longfellow School— Miss Alice Edwards,
center; Miss Clara Houston, right center;
Miss Elsie Shreve, left center; Miss Wini
fred Mastick (captain), goalman; Miss
Emma Grass, right goal; Miss Eva
Koesch, left goal; Miss Ada Cambridge,
guard; Miss Gretchen Suennen, right
guard; Miss Minna Abraham, left guard;
Miss Bessie Lank tree, substitute.
The colors of the High School will be
white and gold. The team will wear uni
forms of dark green. Red will be the color
of the Longfeilows. Their uniforms will
be of the same shade. The teams have
been practicing most zealously for the
past six weeks, and are said to put up as
line a game as can be played. The Long
fellows have been coached by Miss Mac-
Go wan, and the lady feels confident that
her sprightly players will get away with
the more experienced basket baillsts of
the High School. Miss Mattie Leonard is
coaching the latter team, and she is
equally confident that her aggregation is
invincible.
The officials for the game will be Miss
Mattie Leonard, referee; Miss Ray Ja
cobs and Miss MacGowan, umpires; Miss
Maryan Leonard, scorer; Miss Bessie
Johnson, timekeeper.
As the proceeds of the game will go to
a deserving charitable society there is
little question that the Mastick grounds
will be crowded Saturday.
HE WANTS" HIS SHARE.
Edward H. Clark Sues His Family
for an Accounting and Damages.
Suit was filed yesterday by Edward H. i
Clark against his mother, Charlotte F.
1 Clark; his sister, Charlotte H. Clark; his
brother, Harold Clark, and Edith A. E.
and Charles G. Lyman to recover posses
; sion of one-eighth of the estate of his de
ceased father, Jeremiah Clark, and $50,000
damages for the detention thereof by the
\ defendants. In his complaint the plain- j
! tiff alleges that after the death of his
parent the entire estate was consolidated '.
I by the heirs that it might be more eas- ;
j ily handled, Since that time, he avers, '
his mother has realized $55,000 profits from
the estate and has made $250,000 In real
estate Investments, none of which has
been shared with him as an heir to the
estate. He asks Jthat the court decree
that an accounting he- had between him
and the defendants and that he be given
j his share of the profits, that the estate
' he partitioned as far as he is concerned
that he may be placed in possession of
his share, and for damages in the sum
of $60,000 for the refusal of the defend
ants to account to him regarding the
profits of the estate and paying to him
his share according to his interest in the
; estate, as provided in the agreement at
the time of the consolidation of the in
terests of the various heirs of the estate.
AN ARTIST HONORED.
Pictures Painted by Charles Dickman
Accepted for the Paris Salon.
In a letter from Venice, received yester
day by W. G. Stafford, mention is made
of the acceptance for exhibition in the
Paris Salon of two pictures painted by
Charles J. Dickman. One of the pictures
is a portrait of Mrs. Dickman, and the
other a sunset scene In Brittany. Mr.
Dickman's success affords pleasure to his
many friends in this city. It Is remarked
that he was formerly a pupil in the
School of Design of the San Francisco
Art Association, where he displayed so
much talent in the art of painting that
his admirers advised him to study in
France, Germany and Italy. Mr. Dick
man has a commission to paint a picture
for the Bohemian Club. He left this city
| In the summer of 1597 to pursue his stud
ies abroad, and the Owl at the club Is
j hooting for his return.
Burglars From Sacramento.
Detectives Ryan and ODea yesterday
recovered seventeen pairs of trousers, five
suits, seven pairs of shoes and two tele
scope valises which were stolen by burg
lars from F. M. Gllckman's clothing store.
Third and J streets, Sacramento. The ar
ticles had been sent through Wells-Far
go's to Mrs. Wheeler, 21CB Rausch street,
but she refused to receive them. William
Murphy. Frank Kelly and William Hess
were arrested in Oakland Wednesday on
suspicion of committing the burglary, and
will be taken to Sacramento.
DID NOT ACT AS
NURSE, BUT WIFE
> ■ .
o : — — —
rt f^\ AKLAND, May 11.— Superior Judge Ogden to-day decided ah Interesting
I I and bitterly fought case involving the estate of the late W. A. Hol
a II comb, and also involving a question of morals. It was the suit of Mrs.
. v - / Sophia McFarland against Lulle Can- and Lydia S. »olcomb, daughters
5 of the deceased and executrlces of his estate, brought for the recovery of $7500
a alleged to be due for services rendered to deceased in the capacity of nurse.
q Quite a while ago defendants' demurrer was sustained, the case taken to the
+ Supremo Court and remanded for trial. The past two days Judge Ogden's
q time was occupied with the trial. There was considerable testimony and to
. day Judge Ogden decided in favor of the daughters.
q In passing some strictures on the conduct of plaintiff Judge Ogden declared
-♦- that the testimony showed conclusively that Mrs. McFarland and W. A. Hol-
comb had lived In the relations of husband and wife, and continuing his Hon-
X or said: "This court is not going to put itself on record in the position of aid-
V ing. vice and immorality. It will rule In the Interests of virtue and therefore
2 Judgment will be entered for the defendants."
"T" - t - A "^*StficA<fffi&.!_y33
•;K>tOtOTOtO+OtOKH<H<HO^^
THE SAIN FI.AKCISCO CALL, r KID AX, MAY 12, 1899.
JUST A FEW
ARE THINKING
OF THE OFFICES
»
Endeavorers Do Not
Make Campaigns.
— —
POSSIBLE STATE OFFICERS
;
— » —
STOCKTON IS OUT FOR THE NEXT
CONVENTION.
♦
The President of the Association Will
. Probably Be Elected From the
Methodist or the Chris
tian Churches.
4
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 11.
While the local Endeavorers have been
busily engaged ln planning for the proper
entertainment of the twelfth annual con
vention of the California Christian En
' deavor Union, those not so engaged have
been at work planning for the business to
be transacted during the meeting.
Of course, the most Important thing is
the selection of the new officers. These in
clude a president, three vice presidents,
general secretary, treasurer and seven
superintendents of departments. There
are never any candidates for these offi
cers nor electioneering in the general
sense of the term. At the same time,
some people are generally looked upon as
leaders who will be accorded honors, but
the selection of a president is often hard j
to make. The position requires tact, en
ergy, time and, most of all, spirituality
without self-importance.
This year it is generally conceded that
the president should come from the Meth- |
odist or Christian denomination and that
he should hail from the Sacramento or I
San Joaquin Valley. This will be hard to
de. and it may go to San Francisco. San !
Jose Is barred, it having had three presi- !
dents in six years. In case neither of the :
denominations mentioned furnishes a man
General Secretary Francis \V. Reld of
Clayton, Contra Costa County, will be
forced into the position against his will.
This will cause a vacancy in the secre- '
tary's office that would not otherwise
occur, for Mr. Keid will be re-elected If ]
not promoted. His excellent work during ;
the three years of his incumbency has
placed the State union above the average.
The three vice -residents will be select
ee! from the portions of the State not
represented by the other two offices. The !
treasurer will be near the president.
The departments will not be materially
changed. Miss Belle P. Nasan of San
Diego will undoubtedly be given the junior
and intermediate work that she has al
ways had. Miss Mindora L. Berry of
Fresno, who resigned the missionary su
perintendency last year, owing to 111
--health, will probably be re-elected with
out opposition. E. C. Gilbert of San
Francisco will be continued In the work
he originated among the streetcar and
railway nun and traveling salesmen. Rev.
E. B. Haves, a past president, Is strongly
recommended for the Quiet Hour depart
ment while the work among sailors will
go to either Giles Kellogg or M. C. Furner
of San Diego. The Good Literature and
Press and Tenth Legion departments are
yet unprepared for.
The constitution, which has been In use
twelve years, will be up for amendment.
The committee on revision has prepared
an entirely new one, which is said to
contain some radical changes and may
prove to be troublesome.
The place of meeting is always an in
teresting affair. Fresno, which had the
convention in 1893, Sacramento, of 159.5
fame- and Stockton are the principal
places seeking it for 1900. The Slough
City seems to be in the lead, and when
Its delegates arrive and begin distribut
ing souvenir sacks of flour it will look
hard for the other cities.
The matter of a delegate to the Inter
national Convention at Detroit in July
has not been discussed, but strong oppo
sition to this expense of ST.". or $100 devel
oped at Los Angeles last year, and if
any attempt is made this year to elect
! a State delegate there will be a fight that
; will go into history. The opposition Is
I strong to this move.
AFTER STRAW BONDSMEN.
The Grand Jury Investigating Illicit
Practices in Police Courts.
Yesterday's session of the Grand Jury
was devoted to an examination of wit
nesses in the matter of the issuance of a
straw Bond for the release of the negro.
Harry Wilson. Ex-Deputy Sheriff Ed
Riley, who was named as one of the sure
ties on the worthless bond, was examined,
but denied any complicity in the affair.
He declared that he did not see Police
Court Clerk Kelly on the night that the
bond was accepted, and as proof of his
assertion he asked that the jury call a
man by the name of Hogan. Hogan
claimed that he was with Riley on tho
night In question and that Riley did not
sign a bond and did not meet Kelly. Ex-
Sheriff Whelan testified that Riley's char
acter during the time he was in the Sher
iff's office was neither good nor bad.
A subpena had been issued for Attorney
J. N. E. Wilson, but he failed to put in
an appearance. The fact that he failed
to obey the summons was made the sub
ject of considerable comment. Thomas S.
Cosgrove, the other surety on the Wilson
bond, has not yet been located by the
police.
WON HIS PROMOTION.
Colonel Liscum Will Command the
Ninth to Manila.
Colonel Emerson H. Liscum, assigned
to the command of the Ninth Infantry,
now in the Philippines, arrived last even
ing from Washington, and registered at
the Palace. He will proceed to Manila on
one of the transports soon to leave.
The Ninth is to be Colonel Liscum's
first regiment. He won his colonelcy by
his gallant service In Cuba, where he
led the Twenty-fourth Infantry, now at
the Presidio, in the charge at San Juan
Ridge. Although at that time a lieutenant
colonel, he was in command of his regi
ment, and later was placed in command
of the Third Brigade of the Fifth Army
Corps. He was severely wounded during
the fighting at San Juan, but managed
to escape the fevers and was ln command
again before the fun was over.
Colonel Liscum will report to General
Shafter to-day for assignment to his
transport.
LITTLE LOCKS
FORBIDDEN ON
INSIDE DOORS
Saloon Reform to Be
Carried On.
— —
LICENSES ARE IN DANGER
—
PLAIN HINTS THROWN OUT BY
THE COMMITTEE.
■ »
Places Where Keno Was Played Will
Have a Big Battle on Hand
When Their Terms
Expire.
♦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 11.
Now the little locks on the Inside of the
private room doors in saloons and restau
rants have met with a combination of the
City Council, and they must go. These
little locks, according to investigations
made by several members of the Council,
who decline to have their names made
public, are closely allied to the side door
entrances and other abominations that
Oakland Is anxious to be rid of.
At a meeting of the License Committee
this subject was brought up and the Li
cense Collector and the Police Department
were notified to make an Inspection of all
the doors of private rooms in restaurants
and report to the committee. All places
having these little locks will be refused
a license until such locks are-removed.
A wholesome fear has taken possession
of certain saloon keepers owing to state
ments almost amounting to declarations
of intention made by the Mayor and oth
ers regarding their licenses. These re
marks have been made evidently for a
purpose, and the particular statement
causing anxiety is that no saloon which
permitted boys to play keno within it dur
ing the recent keno excitement will be
regranted a license. Two or three very
prosperous saloons come under this ban,
and several Councllmen have expressed
themselves as being opposed to allowing
them to continue business. One of these j
Is on Twelfth street, and Its proprietor
will have a hard battle on his hands when
his license expires.
The question of permitting bicycles on
sidewalks has been deferred for a few
days until the Council can pass upon still
another ordinance. This new measure re
quires cyclists who ride on the sidewalk
to carry a bell, to dismount when meeting
passengers, to provide their wheels with
brakes and to pay $10 if arrested and con
victed for violating it. This was recom
mended to the Council by the committee,
and as Mayor Snow has stated that he
will not approve any ordinance whose
terms differ materially from this one It
will likely become a law.
.
A COPPER BOOM.
C. D. Van Duzer Says One Has Struck
Golconda, Nev.
C. D. Van Duzer, District Attorney of
Humboldt County, Nev., and editor of the
Golconda News, is a guest at the Palace.
Mr. Van Duzer is in the city for the pur
pose of interesting capital in some valua
ble copper properties in Golconda, and
states that his section is now enjoying a
copper boom of no small dimensions.
"The recent activity In copper," said
Mr. Van Duzer, "and the rise in prices
have caused many Inquiries for proper
ties. Golconda now possesses the largest
and most successful copper plant in Ne
vada. The Glasgow Western Exploration
Company has purchased three smelters,
two roasters and a steel concentrating
plant, besides building a narrow-gauge
road into its property. It is putting
through 225 tons a day, and will double
that before long. Its mines are in the
sojath end of a copper belt which has be«jn
traced for thirty-five miles.
"Morton Lelndley, a mining expert of
Chicago, has bonded a group of fifteen
mines for $300,000. Forty-five men are at
work developing them and a rich strike
was recently made. A new town has
sprung up twenty-two miles from Gof
conda called Llndley. Golconda, however,
is the center of the" copper belt. There
are a hundred prospectors and twenty
experts now on the ground. Some own
ers have refused $100,000 for their proper
ties. At Adelaide an apparently inex
haustible mountain of the metal has been
uncovered.
"Golconda a year ago contained one
store and a hotel, and now seven hundred
people have located there. Twenty-two
miles north of Winnemucca, State Con
troller Sam Davis has become Interested
In valuable copper properties. The de
velopment of the industry insures the
erection of at' least twelve smelters and
the employment of over 1000 men if
present indications count for anything.
The New York Company will erect three
smelters ln Golconda.
"The hot springs in that vicinity will
also be developed, and I am Interesting
myself in the building of a sanitarium,
for Golconda will undoubtedly prove to
be a popular health resort."
FIELD DAY FOR SOLDIERS.
First California Have Royal Sport at
Bacolod, Negros Island.
Notwithstanding the martial air which
pervades the Philippines the boys of the
First California have not forgotten the
field day sports in which they par
ticipated at home. A letter recently re
ceived from Bacolod, Negros Island, gives |
an Interesting account of a series of base
ball games which wvere played during the
month of March by picked nines from
the various companies, and also of a field
lav which was held on April 1. The first
game of baseball was between teams
from Companies H and E. The score was
7 to 1 in favor of Company H. The sec
ond of the series was between Companies
A and B, in which the latter won the
day on a score of 9 to 6. Companies H
and B then played off the final for the
championship. At the end of the ninth
Inning of this game the score stood 3 to
3. Another Inning was added, but neither
side gained any advantage by it. Dur
ing the eleventh Inning, however. Com
pany H secured another tally, and
marched away the heroes of the hour.
The field day sports on April 1 consisted
of obstacle races, cartridge races, swim
ming races and all sorts of games which
are characteristic of college life. The day
was Immensely enjoyed, and was perhaps
the most notable event which has oc
curred during the sojourn on the islands.
In Sore Distress.
A sad case of destitution and sickness
was discovered yesterday by the local
health officers. At 637 Stevenson street
Is a family named Johnson, consisting of
a father, mother and seven children. All
of the little ones are clown with diphtheria
and the father Is unable to properly pro
vide for them. He works ln a glass ware
house and receives only_sl 50 a day. The
condition of the family was reported to
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children and the Associated Charities
and these organizations did all possible
to relieve the immediate necessities of the
sufferers. T? T- -■;".;.
BISHOP WELLS A BANKRUPT.
Head of the Spokane Episcopal Dio
cese Insolvent.
q^VCOMA, May Bishop Lemuel H.
Weils, head of the Spokane Episcopal
diocese, to-day asked the Federal court
to adjudge him a bankrupt. Mrs. Wells
Joins in the petition. Their assets are
given as $650, consisting of some city lots.
Their liabilities amount to $12,000 In judg
ments and notes.
While Tacoma real estate was booming
Bishop Wells and his wife bought and
sold lots. lie was the rector of St. Luke's
Church and had heavy backing. They
owned a beautiful home and erected a
number of buildings, including one six
story, business . block. When values
slumped most of their property was lost
by foreclosure of mortgages.
HOTEL ARRIVALS. j
GRAND HOTEL.
J D Bradley. Merced XV 11 Boyle, Seattle
WD Reynolds, S Rosa A M Elain. Milton
T A Work. Pac Grove E de Raynler, Sanger
R D Hatch, Novato |\V F Parker. Los Ang
XV Lumsden. S Rosa XV B Bassett, Los Ang
T Carrlngton, S Rosa G F Colton, Nev
D W Hurchard. S Jose Miss N Colton. Nev
J D Biddle. Hanford J H Meyers &w, N V
XV McCracken. Cal C Teague, Fresno
E Crawford, S Jose H Miller & w. S Cruz
L Starr &w. S Clara W Humphreys, Denver
Mrs J Thompson, Sins T G Fitch, Tucson
B T Frazer, Sacto IB Keppler, Los Ang
Mrs C Lewis, Benlcia Q Brink & w, Milwke
XV W Whitney, Sacto M Biggs Jr-Oroville
J D Kelsey, 3 an Jose C Kennedy. Phila
H S Krigbaum, Cal ill R Farley, Salinas
FH Green. Sanßafael 0 P Maust. Alvarado
B McDonald A w, Spo- A Linnell A w. S L O
kane F Shaw. San Luis O
XV Bickley, NY J Stansell & w, Nelson
Mrs L Bickley, NY R C Jackson & w,N V
Mrs W Bickley, N V J Ginsberg, Sacto
0 R Stewart. NY G Tinker A W. Mo
J C Nourse, Fresno Mrs J Hollenbeck.C Bf
M W Dake A W. But- F Hollenbeck. CI Biffs
falo Mrs G Watson. CI Biff
M H Pake. Buffalo M Thatcher, w&d.S Lk
Miss Halllnlake. Bur- Thatcher&w.Slt Lk
falo ,R H Rogers, Cal
W Ketchum. Chicago Dr F H Coe& w.Seattl
P E Arnold, Chicago I Miss J Foote. Los Ang
A J Hudson. Templetn H Morris. Stockton
W B Wise. N C I J H Connolly, Vallejo
C L Culbert. Jackson I
PALACE HOTEL.
C L Walker, Pa |L Harrison. NT
H H Miller & w. Oakld C W Frankel. N T
J V Murry. U S N W L Stewart, St Paul
W Fitzhugh & w Va C Forman. Los Ang
J Paton, Melbourne ill Hawgood, Los Ang
C H Hill, Wisconsin |W 11 Edgar, Chicago
T Hersey. Sta Clara Mrs R Daniels, N V
E J Clesson, La Aug IF H Buck & w, Cal
J E Farnum," Phila ID Norton Jr Detroit
G I. Farnum, Phila J A Church, Detroit
E W Runyon, Rd Bluff L H Howe. N 1
F G Caldwell. Cal Mrs E G tlhams, Cal
C L Behr, London iMrs H F Billings. NY
J Speyer Aw. N V 'J L Jainsley Aw, Cal
Miss Carey,. New York J B Peak?", Sta. Cruz
L L Lorillard Jr. N V! J L Tebbets. Arizona
C M Robinson. NY IF Smith &W, Texas
F H Baldwin. N V |
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. •
W A Randall, Mich J Anderson. Rio Vista
G F Mahoney. Chicago IP C Clark. «* ° ...
F H Pierce, Wisconsin M F Davis. Marjsvlle
J E Behen, Manila J Peterson, allejo
X E Sullivan. Fresno F J Schultz &to Cal
M Lancaster, Riverside I A C Coleman. Harem
G Carthay. New York |H Humphries Manila
J Thompson. St Helena R M Hammond, Manila
E Dillon, Sta Cruz '
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. ■ „„.,
Thursday, May 11.
Stmr Navarro, Hlgglns, 48 hdurs from San
6dr0 ' . DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKE LEY -Arrived May 11-Bktn
Jane L Stanford, from Port Townsend
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May 11-Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9: , 3 ° ° clocK. w
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o cioca.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o clock
1911 Mission street; open until 10 ococt
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. , .
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o ClocK.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. •___.
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- Op
gomery Regular assembly THIS ___\
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. «a»
Order of the Red Cross. All fraters are v
cordially Invited. -
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No. _,
1-Regular meeting THIS (FRIDAY) TF
EVENING, May 12, at 8 o'clock. D. 4. A
GEO. J. HOBE, _/_L,
Secretary. *==»
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57, I. O. Jv Jtil
O. F. — Officers and patriarchs, you are V
hereby notified to assemble in Encamp- _/\
ment Hall THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-/ \
INC. May 12, at 2:30 o'clock, for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late patriarch,
R. I). MOWRY. C. M. WOOLEY, C. P.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. <$_££_&,
(). O. F.— Officers and members, 4__j3»&_:
you are hereby notified to assem- r^Siß^Sr
ble in Memorial Hall FRIDAY, -^//flw*
at 1 p. m., for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother JOHN WIL-
LIAMS. JAS. BOYES. N. G.
JOHN SCHLOEN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May, 1899. at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
lor the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. May 12, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC steamship
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock In the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company,
number 327 Market St., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that esald Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness bo proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
. [Corporate Seal] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
•SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
I>IV ii)Exn notices.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 67 (twenty-
five cents per share") of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation Company will be payable at
the office of the company. 327 Market st. on
and after SATURDAY, May SO, 15 ..?, Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY. May 13,
1599, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997, Bradley A Co.. €10 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
AT the Swedish and German Employment
Bureau a number of first-class girls await
situations. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl wishes place to assist, $10 to $12;
strong, willing. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German second girl; city or
country: best ref. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
PARLOR maid and waitress, 7 years' refer-
ences, also 2 Scandinavian girls to cook,
wash and iron, want situations. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WIDOW with boy aged 9 wishes position in
widower's home; fond of children; city or
country; references. Call or address 967 Wash-
ington st., room 9, Oakland.
WOMAN wishes situation as working house-
keeper; no objections to short distance ln
country. 242 Perry st.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework; best of references furnished
Call at 1103 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day: good laundress; from Ladies' Union.
Call at 7 Van Ness aye.
NICE neat Swedish girl wishes to do general
housework; good cook; good references. 513
McAllister st.
NICE neat German girl wishes to do general
housework and plain cooking; wages $15. 513
McAllister st.
YOUNG girl ' wants situation to do second
work; wages from $15 to $18; not afraid of
work. Call at 335 Tehama st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation; housework
cooking. 1231 Market st.
WORKING housekeeper desires position; city
or country.. 129 Taylor st., room 9.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place to do cook-
lng and housework. 764 Brush st., Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation for cooking and
general housework. Please call at 223 Polk.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes to do eham-
berwork and wait at table. Address 227 Minna.
WIDOW with young children to support wishes
washing by the day or work to take home; $1
per day and car fare. li l Natoma st. .
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bid*.
SITUATIONS WANTED —
WANTED— By a lady of business ability, fluent
talker, pleasing appearance, position as trav-
eling saleslady. Address box 831, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $S
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE Emp. Office; help; farm hands;
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414»_ O'Farrell St.; tel.* East 424.
YOUNG Frenchman, honest, good recom-
mendations, desires a place in an American
family; wages no object; wants to learn the
language. Address A. <"., 843 Pacific st.
YOUNG man, well educated, would like a
position as a • private secretary. Box 788,
Call.
EASTERN coachman wishes situation in pri-
vate family; first-class references. Box 1789,
Call.
RELIABLE young man would like to take
charge of milk route or delivery. Box 12,
Call,
BLACKSMITH and shoer wants a position ln
good country shop; is good all-round and sober
man; used to country; I have lots of experi-
ence in general blaeksmithing and horseshoe-
ing and can show the best of recommendation.
Address E. K. SCHWEIZER. 724 Mission.S.F.
PAINTER with staging will work cheap for
property owner; day or contract. Call or
address Painter, 536 Ivy aye., near Laguna
and Hayes sts.
PAINTER will take work by the day or con-
tract; cheap. Address PAINTER. 228 Ful-
ton st.
GENTLEMANLY young Swedish masseur de-
sires engagements. A. G., box 346, Call office.
WILL give $50 to any one getting me a posi-
tion; oiler or electrician; transpacific or coast
earner; gilt-edge references. Box 832, Call.
YOUTH, 18 years, would- like to learn the
machinist trade. Address 2242 Howard st..
corner Nineteenth.
RELIABLE man wants work as night-watch-
man or Janitor; good reference. Address 1206
Powell st. _____
YOUNG man, 25 years old. will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office.
HELP WANTED—
"C- R. HANSEN A CO.. .PHONE GRANT 185"
8 waitresses, springs and resorts, $20; 7 wait-
resses, different country hotels, $20 and $25;
2 waitresses, city, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait. $20; woman cook, country hotel, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
FAMILY ORDERS
3 SWEDISH cooks and housegirls, $25; 2 Ger-
man housegirls, $25; 12 housegirls for city,
$20; 8 girls for country, $15 and $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laundress, $25; German cook, no
wash, $30; Scandinavian cook, plain wash,
' $25; 6 waitresses, country hotel, $20; 2 Ger-
man nurses, $20 and $25: girls general house-
work, country. $20 and $25; laundress, country
hotel. $20; a number of young girls for
housework and cooking, washing and iron-
ing. In American and German families, $15.
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. '. -
REFINED German girl, care of little girl. 8
years old, $15 to $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, 1 child, $12. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
REFINED middle-aged woman. $20, to go
camping. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, small hotel, country, $35; no baking;
call early. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
BOARDING house cook, Vallejo, $25; nurse-
girl. $20; nurseglrl. 1 child. 8 years old, $15;
young housegirl, $10; cook, $23; second girl,
Oakland, $25; second girl, city, $20; middle-
aged woman. $20; a number of young girls
to assist. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— German nurse for city, wages $20;
cook for boarding house, Oakland; colored
girl for country - : 15 young girls to assist,
wages $12 to $15. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter
St.; telephone Main 804.
RESPECTABLE young girl to assist In gen-
eral housework; must be good plain cook; 2
in family. Call 10 to 12. 431 Oak st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; small
family; wages $15 per month. Apply 1958
Bush st .'-'■>
WAITRESS for country hotel; pay good
wages. Call 8 Langton St., near Howard, im-
mediately^ - __.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1389 O'Far-
rell st.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 138
Russ st.
GIRL for plain cooking and general house-
work; wages $20; references. 1503 Geary.
LUNCH cook, $20 per month. 325 Sutter et.
NEAT housekeeper for one; wages $8 monthly.
710 Lombard st. call before 1 o'clock.
GERMAN girl for general housework in a
bakery. 3116 Sixteenth st.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission.
GOOD strong woman for plain cooking in
country; wages $15 month; good home for
right party. 339 Twelfth St., near Harrison.
WANTED— Experienced skirt makers to work
In factory and home. Apply at 513 Market
St., second floor.
GIRL as coat finisher. Apply at 520 Kearny
st., room 1.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy. 506 Leavenworth St.,
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call to-day at 854 Mission st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 36H Fremont st.
~ HELP "WANTED—
MURRAY* A READY' Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M
27 blacksmiths and horseshoers for shops and
camps, ranches, etc., 43, $2 50 day, $40 and $30
and found
machinist, country' shop $2 50 day
butcher, country shop and ranch
." $25 and found
driver for a bakery wagon, fare 75c
$25 and found
cement finisher $3 day
carpenter for a ranch: 12 stablemen, different
Jobs, $30, $25, $20 and found; 153 woodchoppers,
$2. $150 and $1 cord
164 tiemakers Be, 9c and 12c each
6 lumber pliers, in yard $26 and found
spool tender .'..530 and found
5 laborers for sawmill, Sonoma County
$26 and found
2 setters, Steams blocks $52 and found
German boy, city grocery store.. sl2 and found
Free fare
6 men to drive two 4-horses, $2 day; 86
farm, orchard and vineyard hands, different
Jobs, $26, $25 and $20 and found
10 haymakers $125 day
25 milkers, $25, $30 and $22 50 and found; 7
choremen. ranches, $25, $20 and $15 and found-
-3 chore boys, ranches, etc., $10, $8 and $12
and found
man to drive bus, etc $45
30 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs, $30 "and
found; 5 men for a manufacturing company
$1 50 day; 10 fruit pickers, $20 and $15 and
found
MURRAY & READY!"*"
634 and 636 Clay st.
FOR EVERY RAILROAD
IN CALIFORNIA ".."'""
196 laborers, $2. $1 75, $1 85 and $1 60 day; 184
teamsters. $2. $1 75 and $1 60 day. N MURRAY*
& READY. 634 and b.„. Clay st. " j
COOK, nice country hotel $60 and found
16 cooks, different Jobs, $50, $40, $30 and $25
and found; 8 dishwashers, $20, $25, $15 and
found; 4 waiters, $25 and $20 and found; 2
bedmakers. MURRAY' & READY". 634 and 636
Clay st.
WANTED— and cheese maker, $35; 5
teamsters, $2 day; 2 milkers for first-class
cheese ranch. $25: milker and wife, $41; as-
sistant gardener. $20; laborers about mill, $26;
lumber carter, $26: 2 choppers, $30 and $40;
carriage painter, $40 and board; 5 black-
smiths, $60, $52 and $40 and board: tunnel
men and laborers, 20c to 25c an hour; wood-
choppers, tools and provisions advanced. 75c
to $1 35 cord; and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Englishman and wife for cooking
and housework for manager of large fruit
company; fry cook, $50; 2 bakers, $40 and
$35 and board; ■ restaurant cooks, waiters
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. ■ ;■.;:;."■> '.".:.
WANTED WANTED
General utility man for Institution near city,
$25 to $30 and found; blacksmith for country
shop near city, $40 and found
10 farmers near city $26
6 milkers ." $25-$3O
Jackscrewers, woodsman, for mill $26
3 more miners for a good, steady Job, $3 per
day; haymakers and farmers, free fare, $25
and $20; milker and can-washer near city,
free fare, $30
4 laborers. 3 teamsters, for city, $26 and
beard: cooks, waiters and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
POT washer to help cook short orders; $25
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
COOKS, man and wife, or 2 young men, wanted
to take charge of . a first-class lunch and re-
freshment house on ocean boulevard, S. F.
J Address, with reference, room 11, 632 Market
HELP WANTED— Continued.
cT-L HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 185
500 RAILROAD MEN WANTED
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
Stone-cutters, free fare $3 50 a day
teamsters, coast road, 2 and 4 horse. s2 a day
laborers, coast road $1 75 to $2 a day
tunnelmen. for the head.. s2 25 to $2 50 a day
6 concrete and cement mixers..., ....$2 a day
wheelbarrow men, free fare $2 a day
All for the new coast railroad
Ship every day office open 7 a.m.
...COME WITH BLANKETS TO START...
Office fee $1 \£"Z,
C. R. HANSEN CO 104 GEARY ST.
FRENCH fry cook, $65; cook, small resort,
$60; second cook. $7 a week; short-order cook.
$7 a week; kitchen hand, institution. $-0 and
found: 4 dishwashers, $5 a . week; cook. *
men. $12; cook, 10 men, $17; second cook, $8
a week; 2 baker's helpers, $30 and $-o and
found ■•• :
stare her, $35 and found; polisher, $3a ana
found .• • ; • " "
young Frenchman to carry trays and learn
waiting, $30; 2 waiters, country, $2..; - musi-
cal waiters for springs hotel, $30, and others.
C. R. HANSEN &- CO., 104 Geary st.
CLERK and driver, country merchandise store.
$25 and found; machinist, $2 50 a day; fore- ,
man for box factory; separator man for a
creamerie, $30 and found; 5 milkers, $-a; 8
blacksmiths, $3 a day and $40 and $3j and
found •••
10 field hands for a vineyard company, $.«
and board •
5 laborers for the woods. $30 and found, see
boss here; 5 lumber-pi lers, $26 and board;
choreman, institution. $20 and found. ..-•_
15 farmers and ranch teamsters, $1 a aa>
and found, and others — . ■
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— A boy to learn watchmaking
trade; must have good recommendations.
German or Scandinavian prelerred. ISo toixtn.
YVANTED-Steady man. $15 a we ek; Permanent
place; light business; must have small capi-
tal. Western Inv. Co.. 9 Geary st.
CASH boy at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S, 71S Mar-
ket st.
FIRST-CLASS coat makers to work Inside.
Apply to S. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market st.
TO tailors— Bushelman wanted. Apply "HAS. _
LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st. ■ ■%$
REPORTER for art Journal. 21 Powell st.,
room 36.
SHIP locksmith wanted at 405 Drumm st. ; call
early. -
GOOD bread baker. Address box 757 Call
Office. ,
PAINTER— AII round man; no shoemakers
need apply. Address box 139. San Mateo.
EXPERIENCED blacksmith helper, wagon
shop. 521 Mission st. -
WANTED— Good, steady barber, at 532 Third
street. .
BOY' for restaurant; German preferred. 11S9
Oak st.
WANTED— men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
WANTED— Good tailor for busheling. 625 Com-
mercial st. ,
WANTED— Young man to help in bread bak-
ery; need not be baker. 336 Third st.
BOY* to run errands. 2009 Fillmore st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; good wages.
797 Mission st.
WANTED— Good barber. 2 Eighth st.
YOUNG man for lunch counter. 1053 Market
street. _ "
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
SEATTLE House. 106% Third St.; 25c to 500
day; $125 to $2 50 week; light housekeeping.
WANTED— Competent German bookkeeper for
a large institution of this city; salary $60 per
month, board and lodging; references re-
quired. Box 157, Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United states navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 E^js St., San Francisco, Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WIREWORKERS wanted at the WEST COAST
WIRE AND IRON WORKS, 16 Fremont st.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, Cth and Howard; re. id. rm.
EXPERIENCED domestic; fancy and men's
furnishing salesman. Box 159, Call office.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coa-t and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; no reasonable
offer refused. Apply 104 Seventh st.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
MEN Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell and Buckman, between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co. : take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
$1, Oakdale to Sonora. will be refunded if
men work one month. Apply at room 4. 302 .
Montgomery st. %
RAILROAD teamsters, $1 75 and $1 90 per day,
at Pinole: tunnelmen. $1 75, $2 and $2 50 per
day. at Point Richmond; 3 blacksmiths at
Elmhurst: 1 carriage painter for Elmhurst.
E. B. STONE, Elmhurst.
MEN wanted— Our catalogue explains how we
teach the barber trade in 8 weeks: mailed
free; write at once. HOLER'S Barber Col-
lege, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Good short-order cook: single; must
understand baking also; references required.
C. YVALLSTAT. Wadsworth. Nevada.
■ — ' ■ ■ — ■ — •
WANTED— Boy 14 to 17 years old for peddling
fruit, from $3 to $4 a week. Walt at 6:30 to
8 o'clock, 563 Natoma st.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
YOUNG man who has worked in a carpet store.
2020 Mission st.
BOY to do Janitor work for his tuition at S. F.
Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.; single, -
10c, 15c night; COc, 90c week; reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $'- per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 70) rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25a
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. -
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS men make $3 to $7 a day selling
Handy Harness and Belt Riveter to every-,
body; counties assigned. HANDY" MACHINE
CO., 58 Third st„ San Francisco. -v*-
EXPERIENCED agents; good pay; choice ter-
ritory, new thing on the coast; references
required Address box 152. Call office.
■- ■!
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted for business ln country and
city; good proposition: $200 to $390. Address J..
box 109. Sin Mateo. Cal.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; moderate rent. _M. H., box 160. Call.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
SMALL roller- top desk; state size and price.
Box 7SC. Call office.
WANTED— A chest of good second-hand ship
carpenter's tools. Box 164. Call office.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor, Stocktn.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
flee open evenings from 7 to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W«
J i W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st^ "BUBINBSS CHANCES.
1H.31.U.33 _^IA.At,„S.
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid
ness; 3 iiorsre. 2 wagons; office, coal sheds,
barn, including lot 25x137; very be3t location;
rarest chance. Particulars It. G. WILKE.
*'■ 0 Miirlvft st
. *;.
A- $3200; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
saloon, Including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery; rent $34; lease; kept by own-
ers years; a bargain. It. G. WILKE, 906
Market st
A— sl2so; SALOON. do!r,_ a splendid paying
business: established for years: close to Mar-
ket and Fifth sts; a good bargain; investigate
at once; no better location in the city. R.
s.O-\WILKE. 906 Market Ft.
A-$.-00: WELL-STOCKED bar ln public pleas-
ure grounds; no niuht work: no free lunch;
monthly receipts $600; rent $40; lease. Parti-
culars R. G. W1LKE.". 406 Market st.
A-$22.".0; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
st:; established many years; doing llrst-class
paying business; living rooms; daily receipts,
J3O; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s2s.l; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
roiims; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire It G. WILKE. rm. S, 9c6 Market
$2iXt— CORNER saloon: rent $35; California and
Market sts. R G. WILKE. 900 Market st.
• ANDY store. $75; complete; great bargain this
day. COWING & CO., 995 Market st
DELICATESSEN store; must sell; great sacrl-
::■-.. i "OWING >vCO„ :•!•.-, Market .st.
J2Se"c— BRANCH bakery; for sale immediately;
parties going East; branch bakery, notion
store, candies, dairy products, etc.; city
papers end laundry office; no agents. 3241
Mission st.
$500 -PAYING saloon, lunch and lodging
house; rent $30: good chance for man and
wife. WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 31S Clay.
DRUG store for sale cheap; good location for
physician: must sell on account of sickness;
no reasonable offer refused. Box 3G. Call;
GROCERY and bar. well established first-
class outfit. Inquire OWEN KENXV 1601
Devlsadero st.
$200— PARTNER wanted In j ,<. busi^
ness; too much for one to ci experience
required; trial given. West. lii. ... :< Geary.
FOR SALE— Home bakery; pur table oven;
fixed up for a coffee and cake or ice cream
parlor. Apply at 331 Sixth st. in grocery.
PARTIES having $300 to $1000 to Invest in gold
mining dredger can have employment if de-
Fired. Box £7, Call office.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire ZIEGLER BROS.. 527 Montgomery.
AN kind of property or business bought or
sold; fair dealing assured: Fee our saloon, $75;
lodging house. $$Ik); cigar store. $600. Room
209, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
SALOON in country town, well located, with
stock and good fixtures, fur sale very cheap;
must be sold before the 16th. Box 359. Call.
LOAN office; 15 years established; no time to
attend to it. Particulars at 231 Third st.
RARE chance; a No. 1 saloon, centrally lo-
cated. for Fale cheap. Inquire at Call office.
$."'"►— SALOON; low rent; good place. Inquire
117 Battery Ft.; wholesale house.
WELL-FITTED up saloon and restaurant; long
established; good business; owner retiring;
lease -of house and ground if desired. Apply
Call office.
FOR sale— Bargain; stationery, news agency,
cigars and school supplies: cheap rent ; make
offer; no agents. Apply 1650 Polk st.
SALOON with 4 rooms cheap; low rent: on ac-
count dissolving partnership. 833 Howard st.
CAPITALISTS wanted to take an interest in a
rich California gravel mine (drift). 140 miles
from city. Those meaning business an ad-
dress, with reference, M. G.. room 11, 632
Market St.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
sale cheap. Call to-day at 554 Mission st.
ONE of the best restaurants for sale. Apply
ISOS Haight st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
Kill"': en this paper for sale. Apply this
. ffice
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
54-ROOM CORSTERV-lO^JSeS-
-30 BAY-WINDOWS, $2200.
15-room house on Howard st Jgiio
22-roe>m. new, cost $4500 I>■ if
2i rooms on Geary st; 625
26 rooms; corner house S5O
14 r<vuns on O'Farrell Ft 350
12-room house; large yard: downtown.. 4f>o
18 rooms: clears $100; only 3W
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICK call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. opp Sth.
l'i-ROOM hou=e; 5 minutes' walk from Call of-
fice: $150. . DECKER. 1020 Market St.
jlr3— COFTEK saloon an-i delicacies on Larkin
st. DECKER. 1020, Market st.
A-KREDO A CO 22H Geary st.
....? FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
f- rooms; nicely furnished; clears $20 $125
9 rooms; new; clears $25 300
11 rocms; all rented: clears $25 250
16 rooms: Post st.: clears $75 775
28 rooms; near Market st. : clears $100.... 6(W
2? rooms; best block O'Farrell st 2100
30 rooms: Market st. ; clears $150 1200
$4»— LODGING house. 21 rooms; piano included.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 9 rooms for sale: In good
condition: cheap. 276 Minna st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALEXANDRIA Hotel furniture for sale, on the
premises, by the piece. rev>m or to rait; oar-
pets, furniture, everythine.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st. ,
4 ROOMS furnish -d In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 rang- King Furniture Co 1127-1131 Market.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
A BEAUTIFUL pair diamond screws, gems,
weighing 2 ] £ karats; cost orlginallv $350; for
Fale now for Hi At UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye.
COW for sale. 230 Lee aye., near Ingleside
Coursing Park. •
FIRST-CLASS billiard table ln best of order.
C 25 Pacific st.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
se-rew cutting lathe. 64S Mission st.-'
i ARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offiflce furniture, store and office
furniture and" fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-101M021-1023 Mission st.,
abovs Sixth.
FOR sale — Very rant team; bays; well matched.
Box 363, Call office.
Gasoline engines— l h. p. SW, 2 h. p. $125, 3 h. p.
$150, 4 h. p. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st
LAUNDRY plant complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, $16 Mission St.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN _ BURKE. 189 Beale st
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
f-AFES— All sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento sr.
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
EAFEB— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
~~ SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4s.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer, White cheap,
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kind* bought, sold, exchanged. 'nted; re-
pairing at lowest rate« 20*. Fourth »t
LOST.
LOST— About 10:80 Wednesday night, on Mar-
ket st., bet. Montgomery st. and ferries, a
diamond pin. Liberal reward If returned to
L. B. C., 409 California st.
I.OST— May 10. on Hayes or .Market St., lady's
purse, containing money and certificate of
deposit In Bank of California. Reward at
2042 Scott st
LOST— A lady's opal ring; valued as a keep-
sake. Return to S. M. Oassln, 110 Clara aye.,
n^ar Seventeenth, and receive reward.
LOST— In Golden Gate Park, red robe, with
tiger: liberal reward. Terminal Hotel. Haight
and Stanyan sts.
I/IST— A Great Dane dog, last Sunday . Re- ,
ward 707 Valencia st
HORSE and red cart was taken from Buchanan ,
st near Clay: dark bay, over 14 hands high,
mane close cut. JOHN T. GRAHAM, Pre-
sidio aye. and Alabama St.; reward.
$10 REWARD— Vicinity of Third and Mission,
Friday morning. May C, cornered locket
containing picture and lock of hair. Return
to 211 _! '""" Ft.
FOUND..
FOUND— Black dog: collar with "Fly of
Napa." 223 Ritch st. bet. 6:30 and 7 p. m.
STORAGE. _______
CAlXTt^rl^WarThous^rF. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay Zo.
PIERRE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE 'AYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311. |
PERSONALS.
REFINED gent, stranger,' musical, literary, |
withes acquaintance of young lady. Box 26, |
Call office.
MRS. DR. E. ,i. WILLIAMS, moved from 967
Mission st. to 501 Jessie, corner Sixth. ...
WILL lady who was on Sutter-st. car on Feb-
ruary .", l ..... and saw by run over by car
, between Devlsadero and Broderick sts: please
i ill at 1416 Lyon street?
LEDERER is the popular hairdresser; only the
latest coiffures; 25c hair rolls for 10c and 20c;
.the largest, from ia: to ear, only 30c. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER (Juintonica is wonderfully strength-
ening to the /iulr. 35c bot: Foamo Shampoo,
5c pkg <;. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
WHITEWASHING machine or brush work; 10
per cent saved by Fending orders 632 Market
st, room 11 j machine for sale or rent.
1000 ENVELOPES, bill heads, cards, note heads I
or statements printed, 51 60; cash with order.
BLEjY. til Sacramento Ft.; tel. Main 1636.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore I
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan- I
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world; Imported from Paris; take !
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade !
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. drug- \
gists. 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD A CO..
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., mw a Specialty.
San Francisco, i"al. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; '
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COMPLETE line ladles' taljpr-made suit low
prices; e-asy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit depL, 1306 Stockton st. I
I PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical j
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur- ]
geons and private individuals. 1310 Guerrero
st. near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons, I
5- (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. _. SAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap- ;
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4~> 1 - Haight.
T. BRILLIANT. 235-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or- 1
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Butter st.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought, '
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 2" Sanson st.
SUITS to order. $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. ISI4 Market Ft.: open evenings. I
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold and sliver for manutac- c
turing O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
•SUITS to order on installments at cash I rices; !
$1 a -week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 113 Kearny. !
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no injec-
tion: guarntd. Dr. Gordln. 614 Pine, ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $S:bed lounges
$4 5(1: open eve's E. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS..
REMOVED to 3^7 Geary st : dresses made, $5
up; perfect fit. MMX. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1: plain sewing: bindings put
on skirts. 25c. l'"i' l 7 Larkin St.. room 1.
— — — i=s I
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri- i
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis •
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles,
sealed letters read, lOoj readings daily. 120 ,
Sixth st.
1 C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.; 25c. 469 Leavenworth st.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrist; 11 to 5: SOc;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
I MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. lIS Haight st.
i MRS ELLIS tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon. ( 8: ?Sc; Fittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
i MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune j
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'FarrPll. ;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dles. 50c: gents $1: sit., $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, i . 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune /teller by cards.,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
Miss OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies, 25c: gents.
BOc. 326 Larkin, cor. Golden Gate, room 6.
MMX RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 7. Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to S65Vi Market St., rooms 8-10.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St., r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME LENEMAB tells by planets: predicted
reccue p.issangers Ftr. Gold, '74. 34 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader, 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., between Sixth and Seventh.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
; RETURNED— V. GRANT, clairvoyant j
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
: MRS. L. 'KAN. fortune teller find palmist, \
1065 Market St., room 2. j
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag- !
netist. 207 Powell St., rooms 6 and 6.
KISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
MME. AT'GUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant I
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. -:*'-; I
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom- I
etrist; parlors 2 and 8. 995 Market St.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card i
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future bus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. "14 O'Farrell st.
-.TROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer in America: sketch of life and
prospects; send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PR( c> SF.HRANO.P-O 5235. 805t0n. Mass.
_ PALMISTRY.
M>IE?"nEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
main.. 616 Geary st. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mail, $1.
A— WE. BUBHNELL the famous palmist.
916 Bush St., between Taylor and Jones.
Lljucatio"nal^
ENGINEERING School, civil . id mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mln-
eralogv, surveying, matn.. cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, cor
itructlon. mechanical drawing, mathematics j
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice, ;
shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st I
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st: i
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, j
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life i
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo. :
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: clay,
even. ; San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt. |
PEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- ■
Ing. mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.;
ett. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast !
to learn It practically; rapid calculations; j
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
LAW Is, '.'-'7 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad- j
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence, '
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
Bpeclalty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. CA Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College; 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
HORSES.
HORSES for sale; 20 Altuna, ranging 5 and 6
years old; 16 Nutwood, same' ages; weigh-
ing I".".'' to 117', and one Napa Wilkes, dam
Black Davis by Evan Davis, record 2:28;
stock at saleyard, corner of -Silver aye. and I
Fan Bruno road. I. L. SOLOMON.
40 HORSES for sale; also Wagons, buggies, !
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market, ;
SJ7 sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday. :
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
' kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENH ALL' yard, 1732 Market st
' FOR sale—^o norses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables. 1301 Turk st. ;
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
I*WAGON, vegetable delivery or express; 2-man
Eraser speed cart; business or road buggy, i
good as new. 1619 Market st j
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug- !
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1110 Folsom st
THE SAN FUANCISCO. CALL., FKIDAY, MAY" 12, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET. I
A 5-ROOM house, just cleaned; reduced from
$20 to $14. 230H Third st.
A 7-ROOM elegant Queen Anne, bath; reduced
$35 to $25. SPECK & CO., m Market st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1915—8 rooms, latest, $30.
Key drug store. Baker and McAllister sts.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $26.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA. 323%; between Fourth and Fifth-
House of 6 rooms in good order.
PERRY, House 4 rooms, yard ; rent $7 50
mo.; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. : r; ■"■ h -■■'•■• •-'■'-■•::'"■ ■'■'"-.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A RARE chance; an elegantly furnished mod-
ern residence; 8 rooms, bath: lovely yards;
close to San Mateo and Mission cars. 30 Val-
ley st. bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth;
rent $30.
LEAVENWORTH, 410, near Washington-
House » rooms and bath; yard; cheap to right
party.
POWELL, 617— Nicely furnished, sunny flat of
6 rooms and bath: rent $45.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage, 7 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement:
large yard; flat, 6 rooms, bath. 1876 lath st
FLATS TO LET.
A COZY 5-room and bath; lovely yard: only $12.
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market St.
ANTONIO, 4. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell— Sunny modern flat, 6 rooms and bath.
CLAYTON, 872-874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny fiats; 4 and 5 rooms; bath: cheap.
CHELSEA place, off Bush. bet. Stockton and
Powell— New 5-room, very sunny flat; bath.
FIVE rooms, bath; new; $16. 2121 Point Lobos
aye., near Tenth aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL
10 Montgomery St. •'-'-:" ' .
HYDE, 512— Parlor floor, 4 rooms and bath;
rent $23 60. Apply owner on premises.
LOWER corner flat, 5 rooms, bath; all sunny;
$16. Northeast corner Filbert and Jones sts.
MINNA. 521. in rear. bet. 6th and 7th— s-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, near 6th.
NEW upper sunny flat: 4 rooms and bath;
reasonable. 19 Julian aye., off Fourteenth st.
NEWLY renovated flat; 4 rooms; rent $9. 23
Dearborn St., off 17th. above Valencia.
TO rent— 2 modern new flats; 6 and 7 rooms.
SI-;, corner of yon st. and Golden Gate aye.
UPPER flat, 229 Seventh St., near Howard; 4'
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
UPPER tl_t, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
coom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Fillmore.
$14— FLAT: double parlors. dining-room and
kitchen. 41 Hermann St., junction Market and
Valencia.
$6 EACH— new tenements; 4 rms. 17 Roscoe,
off Crescent aye.; Mission-st. cars; owner.
$12— LOWER Hat, 3 large sunny rooms; marble
mantle, bath, yard and cellar; 78 Elliot Park,
off Steiner st., near Geary. Apply 1911 Geary.
$10— LOWER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
Ft., off Market, near Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 917— Second floor of 4 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; private residence;
splendid location; no children.
ERIE. 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; ne-aj. convenient; rent $13.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath: private; $8, or 2, $10.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— large sunny
unfurnlshed rooms, nice yard, water, $10.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room suitable for
light housekeeping; also single.
GEARY, 18124—3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms: all modern improvements; no chil-
dren: $18.
GEARY, 1911, "pp. Hamilton Square— Fur-
nished; $15; alcove suite and adjoining room;
porcelain sink and bath.
GEARY, 1917— $11; , 3 comfortably furnished
sunny rooms: bath, gas and coal stoves; every
convenience for adults. - -.■;■/"-.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use- of telephone. ■ :f ~. :;.■
HARRISON, 676— Parlor floor; 3 rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard. '—'
HOWARD, 640, nr. Bd— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25, 75c night: $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 805^, near Fourth— Sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms, single $1 week up; also
housekeeping; transient. •
HOWARD, l ■■•> Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
HICKORY aye., 18L near Gough— Two fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; $8. '
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— l and 2
rooms, with kitchens, unfurnished, cheap.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— Sunny front alcove
room with kitchen; complete for housekeep-
ing: bath: $12.
LEAVENWORTH, 811— $14; 4 furnished or un-
furnished sunny rooms; bath; yard; couple.
MINNA, lim— Frnshed. hskpg. , bay-window
suite; piano; $2 wk; furn. hkpg. rm., $1 25 wk.
MINNA, 546—2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 949 2 or 3 rooms furnlFhed com-
pletely for housekeeping; cheap.
NINTH, 72— Two sunny furnished ' rooms for
housekeeping; also single room; private fam-
ily; bath. ..
OCTAVIA, 1408. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, $8, with kitchen; blue flame or gas; $12.
O'FARRELL, 431— Two or more rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping.
POST, 507—2 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; complete; rent $14.
SEVENTH, 178— Suite with stationary wash-
tubs, for housekeeping; first floor; also single
front, $3 month.
SIXTH, 216V4— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms and single; reas.; sunny; pleasant
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
SHOTWELL 211— Two sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping^
TEHAMA, 424, bet sth and Prettily fur-
nished suites tor light hkpg; sink and yard.
THIRD, 340— Large front alcove room for
housekeeping, $2; also 2 others. $1 50.
TWELFTH, 230 C —2 nicely furnished front
housekeeping rooms; corner flat; private
family.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
fiat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range; NE cor-
ner: reasonable to responsible parties.
__-___- __ - —— —
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, SOc to $1 50 day. MLS. "J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton st, "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFpRD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DECATUR, 2:"., bet. 7th and Sth, off Bryant—
4 rooms, with all conveniences.
EIGHTEENTH, 3418—2 large sunny rooms or
single room; very reasonable.
ELLIS, '618— Sunny furnished rooms, with
board, $20. .. ■_
FOLSOM, 776%— Neatly furnished single room;
every convenience; $4 month. _^
GEARY, 36%, The Clyde— Sunny, finely fur-
nished front suite, and single rooms.
GEARY, 622. near Jones— 2 large single nicely
furnished back rooms; run. water and gas.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
GRANT aye., 309— Bay-window suite or single
rooms; transient. »
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 1109. nr. 7th— New and comfortable
rms.; 2 front bay-window and 1 single; priv't
IF you want a room see our fully described
list: saves time and trouble. If you want
roomers register here. MATHESON'S Agency,
room 209, 927 Market st, opp. Mason.
MAIN, 311— Large furnished' sunny front room;
also smaller rooms for gentlemen.
MISSION, 846, bet. Fourth and Fifth—
and suites.
O'FARRELL, 20— Runny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day, week or month.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL, 748—4 sunny connecting rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; very reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 314 A —Rooms by the day. week or
month; transient solicited; quiet.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
Royal House, 126 Ellis . st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, SO— Sunny suite of parlors for
2 or 3 gentlemen; private family; cheap.
TEHAMA, 473. nr. Sixth— sunny room;
private family; $5 month.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
A— HOME comforts for gentleman or lady ln
respectable family; no objection to aged per-
son or Invalid; German preferred. 3550 Nine-
teenth street, near Valencia.
CALIFORNIA, 807. "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.: home comfts.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; gool
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL. SO9 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooi is; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable: private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER. 1128— lively home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking.
THE Long"worth. 622 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board: $10
per month. 1104 East Twenty-third St., Oak-
land.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-SS-6S Third st.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.: popular prices.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home ln confinement: skillful medical at-
tention, all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st.. bet-
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential: home treatment. $5; no Instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours, 10 to 12, 3
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
This well known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, in order to gain knowledge
which Is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons on her return in August.
IMPORTANT— A progress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores ln 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearney st.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men ana women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMB'NT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 6 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023*4 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician In tendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adooted Into good
hemes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties' beln_ used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MASSAGE given by Nurse ROGERS, 1520
Geary st.; female complaints treated; rheu-
m atics given special attention.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market Instant re-
lief for monthly, troubles or r-cney back:ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of tlu? human body 115 Mason st.
DENTISTS.
DR. «T. 8. HIGGINS' Dent'aTpaTlorsl *-—
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
Without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. MD... Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his. wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth witout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth. -
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns.
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
' YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. _^^^
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam i Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
463 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3a.
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie Hi.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 808 Golden
■ Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 34*.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 128.
t " ' '"■
CITY real ESTATE.
auction"" ""auction
MAY 17 . - — OF May 17
CHOICE PROPERTIES'.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HAIGHT-ST. LOT.
Lot 25x120 on. south line of Haight St., 158
west of Broderick; a fine residence lot.
MASON-ST. COTTAGE.
Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms and bath re-
spectively on west line of Mason st. (Nos. 1705-
-1707), 34 feet north of Green; rentinc for $9
and $10 25.
MISSION. BUSINESS CORNER.
Lot 55x90, with 3 stores, 2 flats and 4 two-
story houses; renting for $110; on NE. corner-
of Twenty-fourth and Shotwell sts.
MASON-ST. CORNER.
Lot 82:6x82:6 on SE. corner of Mason and
Washington sts., with large 12-room residence;
(mortgage of $5000 can remain.)
22 AND 24 TURK , T.
Lot 34:4^x137:6, with 3-story frame improve-
ments: Nos, 22 and 24 Turk St.; renting for $210
a month; this is only $206 feet west of Mason
and looks into Market St.; this property will
surely increase one-third 1n. 5 years; mortgage
of $19,000 can remain.
RICHMOND BLOCK, LESS 5 LOTS.
Block 105, bounded by Point Lobos aye.,
Clement St.. Fourteenth and Fifteenth ayes.; 5
lots sold out of this block at $750 to $775; this
block fronts on proposed boulevard.
GRAND DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Lot 50x100 feet, with frame Improvements, on
the SE. corner of Fourth and Mission sts.,
renting at reduced rates for $434; mortgage of
135.000 can remain at 6% per cent with the Hl-
bernla Bank; paying 6 per cent net on Invest-
ment of 875,000 by leaving mortgage; this is a
chance of a lifetime to get a corner in the very
best business center of our city: only short
Mock from Ellis, Stockton and Market sts.;
must be sold to settle estate.
MAY 17 GOOD PROPERTIES MAY 17
MAY 17 MUST BE SOLD MAY 17
AT SALESROOM OF
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market sr..
AT 12 O'CLOCK M.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100: Nos. 12S and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation ly court.
Send bids to A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Mrkt.
A COMFORTABLE home at the Mission: 4-
room bay- windowed cottage; brick founda-
tions, driveway and stable; street work done;
good neighborhood; only $1500; terms can be
arranged.
CHAS W. POPE. 11 Montgomery st.
_ ■ — — — .
$13.000— A BARGAIN; must be sold; corner;
87%x112%; south of Park Panhandle; 6 new
flats, with modern Improvements; rents $144
per month; pays 13 per cent. Box 706, Call.
$12.000— A FINE corner, one block from Park;
62V4x80; 4 new Hats with modern improve-
ments: rents i:*4 per month; an offer wanted.
Box 705, Call office.
HOUSE, 5 large rooms, also accommodations
for horses, cattle and poultry, at a sacrifice;
1 block from the new San Bruno electric cars.
Apply at 72C9 San Bruno aye. nr. 24th st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and jo per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY ft CO.,
Stelnway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broadway,
Oakland. !
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KCUiLER ft CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of (ill grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . - :
.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos: sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up tallowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition ; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st. "
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Stelnways. KeefTe's.
1019 Van Ness. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021_ Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th. >>■..."
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1899, the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application in writing,
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and. application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de-
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication ln some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thjrty-nve days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest
in the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1899, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set
my hand and the official seal of said court
this the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Officio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
— _ .
CERTIFICATE of Partnership— C, Sees.
2466, 2468.
We hereby certify that we constitute a
partnership, transacting business in the State
of California, under the firm ,iame and style
of W. A. BOOLE ft SON; that the principal
place of business of said firm is in the City
and County of San Francisco, California;
that the names in full of all the members
of such partnership and their places of resi-
dence are as follows: WILLIAM AUGUSTUS
BOOLE, residing at Ross Valley, Marin
County, Cal.; WILLIAM AUGUSTUS BOOLE
JR., residing at Ross Valley, Marin County,
Cal.
Witness our hands this 10th day of April,
1899. W. A. BOOLE.
W. A. BOOLE JR.
•State of California, City and County of San
Francipco— ss.
On this 11th day of April, in the year one
' thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, be-
fore me, H. C. DROGER, a Notary Public
in and for the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, personally ap-
peared W. A. BOOLE and W. A. BOOLE JR..
known to me to be the persons whose names
are subscribed to the within Instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and
year ln this certificate first above written.
[Notarial Seal.) H. C. DROGER,
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
I, WILLIAM A. DEANE. County Clerk of
the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, and ex-offlclo Clerk of the Su-
perior Court, in and for said City and County,
. hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true
' and correct copy of the original certificate
of Partnership of W. A. BOOLE & SON,
filed In my office on the 11th day of April,
A. D. 1599.
Attest my hand and the seal of said court
this 11th day of April. A. D. 1899.
[Clerk's Seal.] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By P. M. McGASHIN. Deputy Clerk.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco,
April 14. 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872. there
will be sold at public auction by E. K. Spear
& Co.. at their Salesrooms. 31 and 33 Suiter
St.. on MONDAY, May 15. 1899, at 10 o clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property 'recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed In an i % entory
thereof on file in the office of the clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting 0
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
. from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
~ PROPOSALS. ~"
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C, April 24, 1899—
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 27th day of i
May, 1899, and then opened, for all the mason-
ry work, roof covering, etc., for the United
States Postofflce. Courthouse, etc., building
at San Francisco, Cal., In accordance with
the drawings and specification, copies of
which may be obtained at this office or at the
office of the Superintendent at San "Fran-
cisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX "AYLOR. Super- I
• vising Architect. -.-'*"' '*'
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A. J. RICH <& CO 112 Montgomery Street
$13,500 cost; price $10,500' if purchased with-
i:> 5 days: pays over 11 per cent: rents $1122
per annum; Baker st.; 3 elegant modern im-
proved flats; every convenience; near Golden
Gat.- Park Panhandle.
For further particulars and order to ex-
amine apply at our office. *■'•■.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery Street.
/ . ■ -. 
$27,000— ELEGANT Pacific Heights residence;
splendid modern home of 20 rooms and 3
baths; on sunny side; all the latest Improve-
ments; finished In various beautiful woods;
inlaid floors; frescoed ceilings; fine marine
view; in the choicest part of Pacific Heights.
Apply to CHAS. XV. SUTRO. 14 Montgomery
St., 12 m. or 5 p. m.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$350— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6; level, fenced; 1
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell St., rooms 1 and 2.
CITY poultry farms, $100 up; money advanced
to Improve. P. A. DOLAN. 40 Montgomery
st., room 7. ' . .;-,"
4-ROOM cottage and lot 27:6x100; furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
mond St., near Twentieth.
$100 CASH. $25 mo.; $1900-$2400: 4-5 rm. cottages;
Vi block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or ll&A 11th.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange in Sonoma City, 10 acres;
2 1 - acres In fruit: hi acre small fruit; chicken
houses for 850 chickens; house of 5 rooms;
mill and tank; good barn: running water
through the place year round. OWNER, 2320
Fillmore st.
FOR sale, cheap Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver Island: unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island. ;;i--''; .v v
$1900— ORCHARD. 15 miles south of San Jose;
12 acres 4-year-old prunes; house of 7 rooms;
barns, etc.: good well of water: 5 minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 addiess THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st.. S. F.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable; 12
acres in wheat. Address box 803. Call.
COTTAGE in Santa Cruz for sale; $150; good
location. Apply 11 Maple St., Santa Cruz, Cal.
$500—75x100: HOUSE, barn and well at Colma,
C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$5 TO $30. an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and i cck farms.
W. D. HOI.COM * CO.. 20 M— t— t-~-v st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD lodging house ln Oakland; now clearing
over $150 per month: will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property; best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 8 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
$3500 TO LOAN on approved city real estate at
current rates. See J. F. CROSETT, Agent,
316 Sutter st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000— AT 8 per cent; Improved orchard; Santa
Clara County. Address box 869, Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAP— Furniture of 6-room house; must be
sold this week; bids taken; house for rent;
central: 2 blocks from local trains. MRS. R.
WALSH. 678 Ninth st.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE—
Enclnal, near station; large house, 6 rooms;
lot 40x140; finely furnished throughout; rent for
$37 50; only $2500; near station.
House. 6 rooms.
LARGE LOT. $1250.
House, & rooms.
LARGE LOT, STABLE. ETC. $2500.
Central aye.
ELEGANT HOME. $9000.
San Jose aye.
BEAUTIFUL HOME. $10,000.
House 9 rooms, stable, windmill and well;
lot 138x150; fine garden; only $7800.
TO RENT ON
CENTRAL AYE.
ALAMEDA AYE.
SAN ANTONIO AYE.
SAN JOSE AYE.
CLINTON AYE. I
FROM $30 TO $50.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1418 Park st., Alameda.
$1000 -LOT 50x150. with small cottage; on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150. with 7- room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— 40x207, with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month,
$3200— Lit 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station: $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur- |
chaser at $2." per month; great snap.
Houses to let ln all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.,
1423 Park st., Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT. BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5, 6, 7 room cottages, near schools and
stations: from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments,
just like paying rent: make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCT'SE & REMMEL,
Bav-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
st., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days. . -A
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing busings of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health! large
grounds: private. MRS. -UNKE. 1416 Bth St.
RERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MONEY to loan for building artistic homes in
Scenic Park, Berkeley; directly adjoining uni-
versity grounds; view unsurpassed; all
agents in Berkeley have my property for sale
except where loan Is required. Apply ln per-
son or by letter to F. M. WILSON. Berkeley.
HILLEGASS TRACT. — — - —
Ten minutes' walk from university; electrlo
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth: fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Charles L. Lindt and Annie M. Olsson 28-28
John F. Rhlnfrank and Laura Bledinger.3o-33
John E. Page and Mary H. Burling.. 21-18
Bernard F. Alps and Annie Wagner 21-18
John McCarron and Lizzie Donohue 28-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH_~~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the- publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CRAW— In this city. May. 11, 1899. to the wife
of A. B. Craw, a son.
FRANZONI— In this city. May 11. 1899, to the
wife of William Franzonl, a daughter. 1> -.
RAMSEY— In this city, May 3, 1599, to the
wife of W. W. Ramsey, a daughter.
SANTISTEBAN— In this city, April 24, 1899. to
the wife of Gabriel C. Santisteban; a son.
_________
marriedT -
EICHENBERGER— PERI— In this city. May
10. 1899. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Julius
Eiehenberger and Caroline L. Pen, both
of Stockton, Cal.
LYNCH— SEEMANN— In San Rafael, May 9.
1599, John Lynch and Clara Seemann, both
of San Francisco.
~ DIED. -
Adams, Volney p. Knox. Ruth
Daly. Gertrude Lippman. Jack H.
Downs. William H. Liggett. infant
De Urioste. Emilia McLaughlin, Mrs. B.
Foy, Sarah McGufflck, William
Graves. Arthur Meyer, August
Hillmann, Henry Powers, Annie E.
Hutchins, Dr. c. B. Schultz. Ernest A.
Hammill. Mrs. Louise Scaddan. Mary E.
Heckman, John Short, —
Jaeck, Margarethe S. Smith. Henrietta E.
Kennedy, Catherine Stewart, George W.
Williams. John
ADAMS— In Los Angeles, May 11. 1899, Volney
P., dearly beloved husband of Belle Lanes
Adams, and father of Orwin L. Adams.
DALY— In this city. May 9, Gertrude Daly, be-
loved daughter of Kate and the late B. J.
Green, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 22
years 8 months and 21 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from St. Bridget's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Remains at the funeral parlors of/
H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street, near
Twenty-third.
DOWNS— In this city. May 11. 1899, William
H., beloved husband of Annie Downs, son Of
the late William and Jane Downs, and
brother of Edward and Robert Downs, a
native of San Francisco, aged 36 years.
DE URIOSTE— In this city. May 11. 1899,
Emilia de Urioste y Viteri. dearly beloved
sister of Adolfo and Jorge de Urioste y Vi-
teri and Mrs. Juan Urruela, a native of Bil-
bao. Spain.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday!, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1330 Sutter street, thence to the Span-
ish Church, Broadway, near Mason street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 o^clock.
Please omit flowers. I ■
FOY— In this city. May 11, 1899, Sara"h. beloved
wife of the late Thomas W. Foy, and mother
of William, James, Kate, Michael, Thomas.
Sarah and Peter Christie Foy, a native of
Ireland, aged 40 years.
GRAVES— In Pinole, May 6, 1899, Arthur
Graves, a native of England, aged 29 years.
CTThe funeral will take place Sunday. May
14. 1899. at 1:30 o'clock, from the M. E.
Church, Martinez, under the auspices of the
Foresters of Pinole. Interment Martinez.
HILLMANN— In this city. May 10. 1899, Henry,
beloved husband of the late Augusta Hill-
mann, and father of Mrs. L. Jannusch, Mrs.
H. Antony, Mrs. W. Zell, Mrs. J. Gamma,
Mrs. H. Pape. Mrs. F. Welsmann and Henry
and Theodor Hillmann, a native of Germany,
aged 67 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invito to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock sharp, rrom the resi-
dence of his daughter, 452 Athens street, be-
tween Persia and Brazil avenues. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HUTCHINS— In this city. May 9. 1899, Dr.
Chauncey B. Hutchins, a native of Water-
ford, Pa., aged 74 years.
E?Frlends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. and Companions of the
Loyal Legion are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral, which will be held under
the auspices of George H. Thomas Post No 2.
G. A. R., at their hall, 320 Post street, this
day (Friday), at 1 o'clock. Interment
private in George H. Thomas Post plat. Na-
tional Cemetery.
HAMMILL— In this city. May 1«. 1899, Mrs.
Louise Kelley Hammill, beloved daughter of
Hy A. Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years 2 months and 29 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1165 Shotwell street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence to St. Peter's
Church, on Alabama street, near Twenty-
fifth, where services will be held, beginning
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by carriage.
HECKMAN— In Ukiah. May 11 1899. John
dearly beloved son of Elizabeth Heckman,
a native of France, aged 48 years.
JAECK— In this city. May 9, 189!'. Margarethe
S. Jaeck. beloved mother of Mrs. J. Amberg,
Mrs. F. Peek. Mrs. G. Buhl, and Adam Jaeck.
a native of Baden, Germany, aged 74 years
and 1 day.
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 424 Fremont street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 10, 1899. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of James Kennedy, mother
of John J., James F. and the late Thomas H.
Kennedy, and sister of the late John Hogan.
Mrs. Mary Ryan and Mrs. Deli_ Robertson.
a native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 62
years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 920^ Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, between How-
ard and Folsom, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
KNOX— In this city. May 10, 1899, Ruth, be-
loved infant daughter of Arthur and Cas-
sette Knox, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 days. '
LIPPMAN— In Manila, November 2, 1898, Jack
H., beloved son of Hyman and Johanna Lipp-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years and S months.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
May 14, at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1412 McAllister street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by special
train, leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:45 o'clock.
LIGGETT— In this city. May 11. 1899. dearly
beloved son of B. F. and Delia Liggett, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 days.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city. May 10. 1899,
Mrs. B. M., beloved wife of the late P. Mc-
Laughlin, and .dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Mamie Cavanagh. Mrs. T. B. Sutllff and
Gertrude and Jule McLaughlin, a native of
New York. (New York papers please copy.)
(CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2112 Baker street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGUFFICK— In Stockton, May 6, 1599, Wil-
liam McGufflck, a native of Scotland, aged
• 72 years 6 months and 3 days.
MEYER— In this city. May 9. 1899, August, be-
loved brother of Charles Meyer, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 39 years 3 months
and 18 days. .--; ■••'. --,/
lC_?FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall. 421 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
mania Club. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city. May 11. 1899. Annie
Emily, daughter of the lkte John and Cath-
erine Powers, and sister of Mary I. and John
H. Powers, a native of San Francisco.
|T_rFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1202 Union street, corner of Hyde,
thence to St. Brigid's Church. Van ness ave-
nue and Broadway, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In this city. May 9. 1899. Ernest
August, beloved son of Louis and Mary
Schultz, and brother of Fred, Edward. Loui?
and Hattie Schultz. a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 25 years 7 months and 1-.
days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 2426 Filbert street, between
Pierce and Scott. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SCADDAN— this city. May 11. 1899, Mary
Elizabeth Scaddan, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 38 years and 9 months.
SHORT— In Oakland. May 10, 1899, — Short, a
native of Scotland, aged 74 years and 8
months.
SMITH— At her home in Baltimore, Md., May
11, 1899, Henrietta Elizabeth, wife of J. Bay-
ard H. Smith, and mother of J. Henley and
S. Harrison Smith of this city.
STEWART— In the City and County Hospital.
May 10, 1899, George Waters Stewart, a na-
tive of Maryland, aged 57 years.
WILLIAMS— In this city. May 9, 1899. John,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Williams.
and father of Alfred G.. Carrie and Milton J.
Williams, a native of Finland, aged 56 years
6 months and 23 days. A member of Yerba
Buena Lodge No. 15. I." O. O. F.. and Golden
Gate Lodge No. 8, A. O. U. W.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1757% Mission street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Seventh and Market
' streets, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING Asso-
ciation— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
\ relatives of the members, will be celebrated
In St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner
streets, this day (Friday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMER3.
tO Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. . • "
AIcAVOY dfc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market st., between Sth and 9th. I
Telephone. South 247. I
1112
CHINESE DENS
OF VICE WILL
BE CLOSED UP
Vigilants Ready to Carry on the
Crusade Against Crime.
They Will Mandamus Every City Official
Who Refuses to Aid Them in
TL • WI S '
Their Work.
THE crusade against the evils in
Chinatown has been fairly started.
Official color was given to it yes
terday, when a number of people
Interested In the purification of
the plague spots met at the office
of Attorney M. M. Foote and formed
themselves into an association under the
name of the Vigilant Society. The officers
elected were: Mrs. John Pettee. presi
dent: Mrs. E. S. Bonelll, vice president;
George Caswell, treasurer: M. M. Foote,
attorney and secretary: Mrs. K. "W. Mc-
Kinley, assistant secretary: Rev. John A.
P.. Wilson and William <;. Badger, direct
ors.
The society has for its objects the In
vestigation of public and private institu
tions, the prevention of cruelty to women
and children, the suppression of vice and
the enforcement of law and order, and its
first work to the exclusion of ail else till
It has been completed, will be for the pur
pose of wiping from the map of China
town the dens of ill fame, opium
Joints, gambling hells and highbinder re
treats. To this end it was decided at the
meeting to address to the pastors of
churches of all denominations in the city
a circular setting forth the objects of the
society and calling upon them for co
operation in the work of purification.
Similar letters it was also decided would
be sent at once to the Mayor, the mem
bers of the Board of Supervisors and the
Chief of Police, calling their attention to
the evils of Chinatown and the law that
provides for their eradication.
It is the Intention of the society to wait
a reasonable time for replies from muni
cipal officials! If they show what is con
sidered a commendable spirit in the mat
ter the society will content Itself with
lending Its aid and furnishing all infor
mation in its power to abolish the evils.
On the contrary, should the officials fail
to respond the society will use its best
endeavors to get along without their aid
and In spite of their indifference. The
war will be carried Into Chinatown on the
Shoulders of the organizers and the sup
porters of the society, who are said to
number _i>J at present, and an attempt will
be made to stamp the evil under foot.
It is hardly thought, however, that any
such action will be necessary. The mem
bers of the Vigilant Society argue that
city ofhciais will need no other spur than
the law pointed out to the Mayor by Mr.
Foote in his letter of last Monday, pub
lish.,: In yesterday's Call. They say that
when the people rose up in their wrath
some months ago and demanded the
closing up of the dens of vice on Berry
and Morton streets and St. Marys place
the law was put In swift motion and the
Inmate of the muses were compel to
vacate In short order. They are conse
quent iv of the opinion that under a spe
cial statu! where the utmost latitude Is
given to witnesses, the plain duty .before
the Mayor, the Chief of Police and the
Supervisors will lie carried out.
If not —and upon this "if not" the so
ciety members announce their determina
tion" to mak." tluir stand— the other thing
will be done. First of all it is proposed
to try the merits of mandamus against
am official who shall fail or refuse to
obey the law. The act of 1866 quoted by
Mr." Foote seems to bear directly on this
point, it reads:
\nd It shall be the duty of the Mayor or
other pre's.ninK officer, ana the Chief or head
of the* police force of every town and city,
and the duty of the Sup'-rvihors of very town
ship er district in which -.;.- such house of
l!l-iame shall -•-■•■ cause notice in
writing to be given to all persons who may
be owners, Jessies, tenants or occupants of any
tuch h.-cuseiof ill-fame or of the land whereon
the same ii: situated. ' * *
If. from any reason, the Mayor, the
Chief of Police or the Supervisors should
refuse to take the same action regarding
the houses of ill fame In Chinatown
that they recently took with- those on
Morton and St. Marys streets, they will
be haled into court by the Vigilant So
ciety and compelled to do what they
swore to do and have not.
Pending the probability of the necessity
for mandamus proceedings the Vigi
lants are decided to let no grass
grow under their feet. They have
already In their possession maps of
the Chinatown district upon which have
been marked by Chinese in sympathy
with the movement the location of the
various establishments sought to be re
moved. Every den where slave-girls are
hoarded by the vile procurers of China
town, every highbinder resort and opium
joint is indicated. Of houses of ill fame
alone there are about 150. Sullivan, Baker
and Bartletl alleys are lined with them
on both sides, and more are scattered on
Pacific and Jackson streets, behind their
walls being all the way from 700 to 100U
slave-girls held in bondage and paying
tribute to highbinders, who will be com
pelled to scatter when their hiding-places
and Bourees of revenue are closed.
Failing the co-operation of the city of
ficials, the only way to close these dens,
free the slaves— to be deported if they are
here- Illegally, as most of them are— and
scatter the yellOW desperadoes who de
Wholesome
Food
is essential to
Good
Health.
There is no better food
than Cocoa — and very
few as good. As Dr.
Andrew Wilson, F. R. S-,
says: Cocoa is a com-
bination of foods of
true foods in every sense
of the word.'
But it must be good
•—and FRESH. The
ONLY strictly fresh Co-
coa in this market is
Ghirardelli's.
At grocers, * lb. 25c; 1 lb. 50c.
pond upon them, seems to be clear to the
Vigilant Society-. Its members propose,
after they have been assured of the moral
support of the community, to send their
emissaries down upon, these dens of vice,
to rest the owners of the property, no
matter how powerful they are In the com
munity, and haul them into court under
the law. As to the inmates of the houses
and the visitors, simultaneous action will
be taken. Agents of the Vigilants will be
stationed night after night at the en
trances to the slave dens to warn every
one who approaches of his liability to ar
rest. Those who heed not the warning
will be turned over to the nearest patrol
man, to be taken to jail. By this means
and by the frequent raids on inmates and
proprietors of the houses— raids of which
no warning will go beforehand- -it is be
lieved the business can be- made so un
profitable that It will be abandoned In
sheer disgust of loss.
At the meeting of the Vigilants yester
day M. M. Footeg reported his ideas on the
matter, informing his associates of the ac
tion, he had taken in forwarding to Mayor
Phelan notice- of the existence on the stat
ute books of the law of 1866. Foote stated
that lie had received no reply, but was
hopeful that one would reach him within
a day or two. The report was com
mended.
Following this a preamble and resolu
tions setting forth the purposes of the so
ciety were offered and adopted. The ob-
MRS. Nettie R. CRAVEN.
jects stated are: The investigation of pub
lic and private Institutions for the care
of women and children who solicit aid
: from the public on the pretext of charity;
to investigate abuses of guardianships of
children, and to investigate intelligence
offices. The resolutions also declare the
belief that the bom. for the feeble-minded
has been used for the reception of men,
women and children who cannot be
classed under that head and are not eli
gible; that its purposes have been grossly
misused, and that it is filled with persons
the State has no right to care for.
After deciding to incorporate as soon as
the necessary papers could be prepared
the society adjourned to meet next
' Wednesday afternoon at 2 o'clock at room
16. Sherman block, northeast corner of
I Clay and Montgomery streets, when it is
hoped definite plans for the society's work
will be submitted.
MESSENGER BOYS STRIKE.
Walk Out Because Their Favorite
"Sergeant" Is Dismissed the
Service.
The messenger boys of the San Francis
co District Telegraph Company wenf on a
strike at noon yesterday in the branch
office of the company on Sutter street,
neara Kearny.* Manager Ackerman dis
charged Nick Carter, who had been in
charge of the office, and the messengers
walked out to the number of twelve.
. Charles Haven was Installed as "ser
geant," as the head man Is called. The
strike was of short duration. Five of the
boys returned to work within an hour, the
places of the others being filled tempo
rarily.
The Pup Rotisserie.
The well-known Pup Rotisserie, 12, 14
and 16 Stockton street, wishes to Inform
the general public that from the Ist of
May. 1899. their celebrated dinners will be
served, with wine, for $1. launches with
wine, 75 cents. •
Broke Both Legs.
Thomas Fry, an employe of the Bass-
Heuter Company, was thrown from his
wagon while driving along Geary street.
near First avenue, yesterday afternoon,
and sustained a fracture of the right foot
and of the left leg below the knee. He
was conveyed to the ' Receiving Hospital,
and after his injuries were attended to
he was taken to his home at 60S Fran
cisco street.
-Sergeant Donovan Bitten.
Sergeant Donovan was severely bitten
in. the hand yesterday afternoon by John
Barbeta, who was engaged in a fight with
Joseph Martin in the Chinatown portion
of Washington, street. The sergeant was
separating the combatants at the time.
Barbeta was charged at the California
street station with mayhem, and Martin
with disturbing the peace.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MAY 12, 1899.
MRS, CRAVEN
HAS RENEWED
HER BATTLE
Now on Hearing Be
fore Judge Troutt.
♦
FAIR'S MILLIONS INVOLVED
— • —
FOOTE BITTERLY ATTACKS THE
OPPOSING LAWYERS.
»
Says His Client "Was Betrayed and
Now She Asks but an Oppor
tunity to Prove Her
Claims.
•
It will be determined in brief time
whether or not Mrs. Nettie R. Craven can
lawfully intervene In the contest of
Charles L. Fair directed against the will
of his dead father. Mrs. Craven, as the
world knows her, but who strenuously
asserts^ that she Is the widow of the de
ceased millionaire, appeared in Judge
Troutt's court yesterday afternoon with
her attorneys, W. W. Foote and Judge
Denson, to demand leave to Intervene in
the contest to the will of the late James
G. Fair. Opposing her a formidable array
of counsel gathered. Charles G. Hegger
ty, who with George A. Knight represents
the contestant, Pierson & Mitchell, attor
neys for the executors of the trust will,
and Garret McEnerney of counsel for the
heirs, carried scores of volumes into
court to meet the claims of the alleged
widow, and an interesting day of legal
argument and personal accusations re
sulted.
W. W. Foote was first to address the
court. "The petition which we have
placed on file shows, as far as the plead
ings in this matter are concerned, that
the petitioner is the widow of the late
James G. Fair; that she is entitled to an
allowance from decedent's estate, and has
a legal interest in such estate," said Mr.
Foote. "All we now ask on behalf of this
petitioner, who is. as I have before said,
admittedly the widow of the decedent as
far as the pleadings are concerned, is an
opportunity to come into court and prove
her claim. It is strange that these gentle
men who represent the executors are so
bitter in their opposition to our applica
tion, and I am surprised tnat Mr. Mitch
ell, whose standing ,at the bar is unques
tioned, should so poise his lance and lead
this host of our opponents. He should
say, as the representative of the exe
cutors, if this is the widow of the late
James G. Fair let her come into court and
prove her claim and thereby establish to
all the world that he is a believer and
supporter of eternal justice. How can the
right of this woman to come into court
and prove her claim affect the executors
of this vast estate? The glitter of mil
lions will still be left for their enjoyment
even though they must turn the profits
to other channels, if. indeed, this will is
not tried and found wanting when we pro
duce our proofs. We are also confronted
with the application of Mr. Heggerty for
a continuance In this matter until 1 he Su
preme Court has passed on the soundness
of Judge Slack's decision holding the
trust clause of no effect, illegal, null. and
void. We do not stand hy Judge Slack's
decision, nor by the ultimate decision
which may be rendered in this case. We
stand by this woman's rights; we care
nothing for past decisions; Tt is to the fu
ture that we have turned our eyes.
"It is within our knowledge also that
other wills are in the possession of the
executors of this estate and that it has
been said that in event the will, the trust
clause of which is now under considera
tion by the Supreme Court, is disposed of
and set aside by the court another will be
filed, and so on until a will is produced i
pleasing to the heirs and that will stand
the test of the law. It might also surprise
the executors of this estate to hear that
perhaps we have other wills in our pos
session, but we do not propose to use
them. I will now state upon this point at
this time, for the instruction of all con
cerned, that if another will is produced
for probate the party presenting such
testament will be arrested and pros
ecuted to the extent of our feeble ability
for not producing it for probate within
thirty days, as provided by law.
"Ah before, I will again say that we
stand by this woman's rights and will see
this matter through to the end. We have
a distinct recollection of the manner in
which ' an ejectment suit against. Mrs.
Fair, my client, was turned into an equi
table case by Judge Slack and an advisory
jury impaneled to hear the issues. We
also recollect' that we had eight of that
jury against four, and .we also recollect
that JUdge Slack repudiated the judgment
of the majority of that body and decided
. With the minority. Hence we care not for
his decisions; we simply stand on our
rights. Judge Slack also denied us the
right to see. the other wills in the hands
of the executors; why, we do not, know.
We would like to see these wills and turn
our own microscopes on them. We do not
ask the judgment of any Ames or other
humbugs, nor advisory juries. We have
the facts and the law upon which to stand
in this matter."
Mr. Foote then dwelt at length upon
the law under which he based his argu
ment that Mrs. Craven has a right to
intervene .in the contest instituted by
Charles L Fair. -He said that although
he recognized the law that it was neces
sary that a contest to a will should be
tiled within one year after the document
had been admitted to probate, the fact
that Mrs. Craven did not file a contest
within that time was not to bar her from
intervening In the present contest, as it
was filed within the year and has since
been kept alive. In conclusion Mr. Foote
spoke bitterly of the heirs, devisees and
legatees of the deceased millionaire's es- |
tate, whom he said willingly in days gone i
by accepted the genuineness of the cele
; brated pencil will, but a? soon as the de- I
; cision was rendered invalidating the trust
■ clause of the trust will they came in one I
j by one and supported it, only at the pres
, ent time reserving their energies to again
! assail its provisions in event the Supreme
i Co « r t holds the trust clause to-be valid.
\\e simply ask for an opportunity to
i fight for justice on the proofs we will
; produce,' said Mr. Foote, and then gave
way to Attorney Mitchell, who represent
led the executors. Mitchell Immediately
made an attack: on the action of Mrs.
Craven in now attempting to intervene
; ln a pending contest when she had an op- I
I portunity to file a contest herself within
j the time allowed by law.
j "You know why she didn't file a con
test, interrupted Foote. "It was because
she was in the hands of you lawyers and
was betrayed."
Mitchell took exception to the remark,
and it looked like impending trouble,
when Foote said that he did not directly
charge Mitchell with the betrayal, but
: said that other lawyers well known were
; responsible for the present condition of
affairs. Mitchell then continued, dwelling !
on the sections of the code relative to the j
j right of intervention, and was followed
>by Garret McEnerney. This attorney ,
I said that in his opinion Mrs. Craven was I
| forcing a matter in her attempt to inter-
I vene that would result in her ultimate un
■ doing. "If this court finds that Mrs. |
I Craven has the right to intervene in this I
case," said Mr. McEnerney, "then. the!
; contest instituted by Charles L. Fair must '
itself fall. The law provides that when :
j a contest is brought all the known heirs,
c legatees and devisees must be served with |
I legal process notifying them of the fact
of the filing of the contest. Mrs. Craven
j was not served with process when the
contest was instituted, and Charles L. I
[ Fair must have known that Mrs. Craven
I claimed to be the widow of his dead
father. Hence he violated the law if she
is such widow, and his contest must fall."
Mr. McEnerney then went further into
i the law of intervention and was briefly
j answered by Judge Denson for Mrs.
: Craven. Judge Denson did not take the
opinion of Mr. McEnerney on the process
serving point seriously, holding that even
had Charles L. Fair known that Mrs.
Craven alleged herself to be the widow |
of the deceased he was not forced to
serve her under the law, as he did not
recognize or know her to be in fact such
widow, so this fact he held could not I
affect the standing of the contest.
But little more argument was made, and '
i Judge Troutt put the case over till this !
! morning at 10:30 o'clock. It is said that
I Mr. Wheeler, who represents various of
the heirs and who filed an opposition yes- \
terday to the application of Mrs. Craven I
to intervene In the pending contest, will
make further argument on the lines fol
lowed by Mr. Mitchell and Garret McEn- !
erney. Mr. Heggerty will follow and
Mrs. Craven's lawyers will close. The j
case will then be submitted for decision. !
REGENTS MEET TODAY
IN SPECIAL SESSION
A SUCCESSOR TO MARTIN KEL- [
LOGG MAY BE ELECTED.
Dr. Wheeler of Cornell Will Accept
the Presidency if the Invitation •
to Come Is Unanimous.
There will be a special meeting of the
regents of the State University at Mark
Hopkins Institute th's afternoon. A
proposition will be presented to elect a
president of the university to succeed
Martin Kellogg. There is no doubt that
a strong sentiment exists in favor of call
ing to the presidency Professor Wheeler ;
of Cornell, but his friends particularly
desire that his election shall take the I
form of a cordial and unanimous request !
of the Board of Regents for him to ac- j
cept the office It is said to be extremely
doubtful if Dr. Wheeler will accept If any i
opposition to his election is exhibited.
Regents of the university who have ex
plored the Eastern field affirm that Dr.
Wheeler is regarded as one of the fore
most educators of the day— a man whose '
merit is so well recognized that several j
prominent institutions 61 learning signify j
a desire tec secure his services.
When he was invited to visit California
the regents extending the invitation said: I
"Come to California, study the situation
and judge for yourself whether the field
Is not larger and more important from a
college point of view than you have esti
mated. After you have looked over the
field carefully, tell us if you can enter- \
tain a proposition to come West."
Dr. Wheeler accepted, and returned to
Cornell impressed with the future great
ness of California. After reflection he in
dicated that a unanimous request to ac
cept the presidency of the university at
Berkeley could hardly be declined, It is
said that a majority .if the board stands |
ready to elect him at any time, but his ;
friends will not advise him to accept if
the regents are not unanimous in request- !
ing him to come.
. ♦ »
WANDERED OVER THE HILLS
Catherine Hayes Found After Much j
Suffering an"d Exposure. ' |
Catherine Hayes, an old and slightly j
demented woman, aged .72 years, was
found last night by Police Officer Frank
Kenville at the Halliday ranch on Cres
cent avenue, where she wandered from :
her home at '■'"■' Buchanan street.
The old lady left the home of her son, !
John Hayes, on Wednesday afternoon and
started out not knowing where she was
going. Her absence was reported to the
police, and Captain Gillen instructed his
division to keep a lookout for her This !
they did, with, the result that at 9
o'clock last night Kenville telephoned in
for the patrol wagon from the Six-mile
House. !
The woman was found lying at the
foothills, where she had remained over :
the preceding night, devoid 'of any cov
ering save a thin calico dress. Kind
neighbors had in the meantime provided
her with refreshment while the officer
was making preparations for her transit
to the Seventeenth-street station, where
she was met by ncr son, who took her to .
his home in a carriage. Her mental con- i
dition is such that she could not tell her j
name or where she lived.
TAMMANY DAY.
Red Men of Local Tribes Celebrate
the Eve Thereof by Programme
and Dance.
To-day (Tammany day) is the holiday j
of the Improved Order of Red Men in the '
United States, and in every city where
there are tribes of this order it is usually
observed by some kind of celebration.
Last night, the eve of the day, was ob
served by the Red Men of this city by an
entertainment and dance given in Native
Sons' Hall, the proceeds to be turned
over to the fund that Is being raised to
build a home for indigent Red Men. The I
following- was the programme of enter- j
tainment: .
Overture, orchestra. Professor Weisel: fancy
dances. Little Ovlta; original sleight-of-hand
(without the aid of paraphernalia). Professor
Henry; soprano solo, "Because of Thee," Mine.
Waltz: overture, "Stars and Stripes," or
chestra; recitation. ■F. Cooke Caldwell; ."My
Own Dearest Boy, Master George Kroger, ac
companied by J. W. McKenzle; violin solo. Ben
Tuttle, accompanied by Miss Jennie Tuttle;
"Bring Hark My Boy to Me." H. I*. Callender,
accompanied by J. XV. McKenzle; fancy parasol
dance, Annetta Atkinson.
The officers of the association that have
charge of securing a home are S. Gold
man, president; J. Fonzer. vice president.
and S. Berel, secretary. These, with Fred
B. Swan. M. Kramer, August Rudolph
and F. Brady, are the committee of ar
rangements, with John W. O'Neil as floor
manager. . '. „ r ', •
LAMP DAT.
: ; Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut BO per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
__ Stores Everywhere. .
LEES WITS
TO REWARD HIS
BOSOM FRIEND
Names Joe Dunne as
Price's Successor.
i
— ♦ —
NEEDS A LEGAL ADVISER
— ♦ —
THE OTHER COMMISSIONERS
NOT FAVORABLE.
.
I The Appointment of the New Lieu
tenant Is Continued for Two
Weeks— The Scheme Likely
to Fail.
-♦
The failure of the Police Commissioners
I to appoint a successor to ex-Lieutenant
> Price, who was disrated some time ago
j by the Police Commissioners, is a source
of considerable speculation to the mem
; bers of the department. There are sev
eral deserving sergeants of police who
aspire to be Price's successor, but for
I some reason the Commissioners have thus
far been unable to agree on a man for the
j position.
From a reliable source it is learned that
Chief Lees favors Joe Dunne, ex-Deputy
District Attorney and present secretary
of the Beard of Health, for the place.
Dunne is on very friendly terms with the
head of the department, being his legal
adviser and almost constant companion
When the new charter was being formed
Lees endeavored to have a clause insert-
NEW SINGER FOR THE
SOUTHWELL COMPANY
MISS FRANC STRANG.
MISS FRANC STRANG, a young California singer, will make her •*>.
initial apnearance in comic opera in this city on Monday evening ft
at the Grand Opera-house. Although Miss Strang for the past i*
two years has been charming audiences through the Western ft
States, her appearance with the Southwell company on Monday £?
evening will be the first opportunity her many friends in this city ft
will have had of judging for themselves just what she is capable of doing. *3-
Miss Strang will make her initial how to San Francisco in the role of Con- o #
sin Hebe in "Pinafore." The new singer is said to possess a sweet and flexi^^
ble mezzo soprano voice, and to And in the role assigned her a most con- _•
genial part. ... ft
Ed allowing the Police Department an at
torney, who was to be known as the legal
adviser to the Chief of Police. His ef
forts were not crowned with success,
much to his disappointment.
Since Price was reduced to sergeant
Lees, it is claimed, has vigorously en
deavored 10 induce the Police Commis
sioners to name Dunne as his successor.
He argued that there were two men in
the department who were drawing salary
and who were not expected to do police
duty— Dr. Keeney, the examining physi
cian of the department, and Veterinary
Surgeon Westphal, who attends to the
sick horses belonging to the police.
Both Commissioners Alvord and Tobin
are evidently not disposed to award the
plum to Mr. Dunne. They seem to think
that merit should be rewarded and that
a sergeant of police should be named as
Price's successor.
There are. a number of candidates for
the office, among whom are Sergeants
Shea Martin, McManus, Conboy, Mooney
and Helms. They all have powerful back
ing, but realizing that the head of the de
partment is anxious to have Attorney
Dunne appointed successor to Price, they
have about given up In disgust. Judge
Tobin president of the Police Board, will
shortly leave the city, to he gone two
weeks. On his return it is expected that
the appointment will be made.
Chief Lees last night denied that he was
championing the cause of Dunne. "The
name was not mentioned by me in con
nection with filling the vacancy." he re
marked with considerable vehemence.
"Dunne is mv friend,, but as far as trying
to induce the other Commissioners to ap
point him a lieutenant of police is all rot.
He has a lucrative legal business and
that he should want to forsake it to wear
the star of a lieutenant of police seems
absurd, to say the least. It is true that
the Commissioners cannot agree on a man
to take Price's place, but it is no fault
of mine However, when Judge Tobin
returns from his vacation I guess we will
be able to select a successor to Price."
Notwithstanding Lees' denial. It is au
thoritatively said that he is determined
to have Dunne appointed lieutenant,
whose duties shall be confined to enlight
ening him on legal matters.
In the Divorce Court.
Victoria A. Campbell has been granted
a divorce from Martin R. Campbell on the
ground of desertion. Jane Evans secured
a judgment divorcing her from, her hus
band, Edward Evans. The decree was is
sued on the ground of failure to provide.
CLOSED ROOMS
IN SALOONS ARE
NOW PROHIBITED
♦ .
Police to Enforce the
Ordinance.
« — ♦ —
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN
— — .
CHIEF OF POLICE RESURRECTS
AN OLD LAW.
«
The Proprietors Regard His Action as
a Joke, hut Are Nevertheless
Preparing Themselves
for a Test Case.
♦
The police intend to rigorously prose
cute saloon-keepers who persist In defy
ing the law relative to maintaining back
rooms in* connection with their places of
business. There Is an old law on the statute
books, which has become obsolete, which
makes it a misdemeanor to maintain pri
vate rooms with closed doors in a saloon.
Evidently determined to suppress the
back-room trade of saloon-keepers. Chief
Lees has resurrected the old ordinance,
and he says he intends to rigorously en
force it. Last evening he sent copies of
the law to the several captains of the
police, with instructions to enforce it. As
a result every member of the department
was informed of his determination and
were collectively ordered to carry out the
instructions.
Shortly after Lees' edict went forth
several saloon-keepers visited police I
headquarters and asked for an explana
tion of the action of the head of the de
partment. They were told that they
would have to obey the law or suffer the
"The Chief is determined in this mat
ter." remarked one of Lees' lieutenants.
"Closed rooms in saloons don't go any
more."
Evidently thinking that Lees meant to
suppress .the back-room traffic, the sa
loon-keepers notified their fellow-dealers
in liquor, and it was agreed among them
that inasmuch as the law was inoperative
they would disobey the order of the head
of the Police Department.
"This is another of Lees' periodical
bluffs," remarked one of the indignant
saloon-keepers. "We have already con
tributed a , sufficient sum of money to
fight the ordinance in the courts and con
fidently expect to win. A similar attempt
was made some years ago to suppress
back rooms in connection with saloons,
but it signally failed. As soon as an ar
rest of a saloon-keeper for violating the
ordinance is made we intend to make a
test case of it. and expect a verdict in
our favor. The law is a dead letter, and
is unconstitutional, as will be shown at
the proper time."
Notwithstanding that the saloon-keep
ers regard the action, of the Chief of
Police as a joke, many of them, rather
than suffer being arrested, at once pro
ceeded to comply with the law. The pa
trolmen In the various parts of the city
last night visited the various saloons on
their respective beats and made a careful
inspection of the \ "refreshment parlors,"
as some of the bonifaces call them.
Wherever they found that the law was •
being violated they took the name of the
proprietor and forwarded it to their re
spective' captains. A particularly aggra
vating case of absolute Independence of
the ordinance is being sought for. and
when found the proprietor of the saloon
will be arrested and the constitutionality
of the ordinance tested.
Merchants' Association Election.
A special meeting of the members of
the Merchants' Association will be held
on Monday evening. May 22, in the Acad
emy of Science Hall on Market street for
the purpose of electing a board of direc
tors for the ensuing year. The nominat
ing committee has presented the follow
ing names, which will no doubt be ac
cented: A. S. Baldwin, Wallace Brad
ford, Charles Bundschu. Andrew M Da
vis. F. W. Dohrmann. Joseph D. Grant.
Marshal Hale. Hugo D. Kel. Daniel V.
Kelly, Edward B. Pond. John E. Quinn,
Hugo -Rothschild. W. R. Sherwood, Frank
J.Svmmes aud Rolla V. Watt.
A PLAYHOUSE
PROPOSED FOR
PALACE HOTEL
May Take Definite
Shape.
— —
MANAGEMENT CONSIDERING IT
-7-
PLENTY OF ROOM IN THE 810
CARAVANSARY.
♦
If the Theater Is Constructed It Will
Be the Most Commodious and
Best Equipped West
of Chicago.
♦
The theater-going people of San Fran
cisco will be pleased with the announce
ment that the construction of a theater,
in the Palace Hotel is being considered by
the owners of the caravansary. The prop
osition has been under discussion for
some days and while favorably consid
ered by thus.- interested, as yet no defi
nite plans have been entertained.
There are many reasons why such a
new playhouse might be very popular and
the most extensively patronized in San
Francisco, and the managers of the place
seem willing to give the proposition thor
ough consideration, with a result, per
haps, that they will commence the con
struction of the theater in a short time.
Two suggestions for its location have
j been made. The first is that it occupy
j the space now known as the Maple room,
| and the second that it be placed on the
Market street side, in either the present
j dining room or where some of the stores
have been given space.
Should the first plan be adopted an en
, trance will be built on the Jessie street
side, the patrons will also have the ad
■ vantage of the court driveway in wet or
i wintry weather. If the Market street lo-
I cation is found to be the most feasible
I the entrance will lead on to the main
street of the city. When seen last night
I Colonel Kirkpatrick said:
"The proposition is quite feasible. We
have it under consideration, but as yet
it has assumed no definite shape. Should
we attempt it, our intention is to make
it the handsomest theater west of Chi
cago, and no expense will be spared in its
construction. At present I cannot esti
mate what its cost would be. Such a
thing would depend solely on the material
used in its decoration. In size it would
be larger than the Columbia.
"We recognize the great advantages to
be gained by building a playhouse in con
nection with this hotel. Its convenient
location for guests of the hotel is one
and its seat in the heart of the city is an
other. Since the burning of the Baldwin
Theater the hotel patrons of San Fran
cisco have felt the necessity of a theater
hotel and if our plans mature the bill will
be filled."
LAW-BREAKING SOLDIERS.
Troop of Cavalry Called Out to Raid
Barbary Coast Revelers.
About 1 o'clock this morning a soldier
entered a music hall at the Junction of
Montgomery and Pacific streets and pur
chased three bottles of wine, for which
he paid $15. When he-departed he was
told by some companion that he had be.
robbed, and started back to wreck the
saloon. The trouble was quickly stopped
by Sergeant Christianson and squad, but
word in some manner communicated to
the Presidio that a riot was in progress
brought two troops of cavalry to* the
scene.
"When they found their assistance in
this case unnecessary Corporal Richard
son, under whose command they had been
placed, ordered a round up of intoxicated
soldiers on the Barbary Coast. In all
about twenty-five prisoners were taken,
and the homeward march was com
menced. One of the fellows became un
ruly and Richardson attempted to subdue
him. A struggle ensued, in which the
officer was accidentally struck by a car
bine in the hands of a. trooper who came
to his assistance in overpowering the in
toxicated soldier. He sustained a severe
scalp wound and was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital for treatment.
A Bunch of Small Fires.
There were three small fires within a ra
dius of a very few blocks between the
hours of 9 and 11 last night. The first.
from box 95 at 8:30, was for a burning
chimney at 11 Taylor street. No damage
was done. At 9 o'clock an alarm was
sounded from box 45. The fire was in the
three-story frame dwelling at 595 Geary
street, owned by H. E. Heimke and occu
pied by Mrs. J. Thompson as a rooming
house. The fire was caused by sparks
from a chimney and the loss will amount
to about $400. Alarm from box 75 at 10:55
was for the two-story frame building at
22 Seventh street, owned by G. McManus
and occupied by Mrs. E. Nickery. Cause,
coaloil lamp: loss nominal. The depart
ment was also called out on a still alarm
at 15101-2 Powell street. The damage was
about $40; cause unknown.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I fOOKS
\_ IN
TBI REE
MINUTES
■i cjiiriMcjM- - '■'■ cj__jjimimiMt»qnlWtTl^
FURNITURE
OF THE
ALEXANDRIA HOTEL, 781 SUTTER ST.
100 ROOMS.
Consisting of Solid n.ik Sets, Dressers, Che-
vals, Chlftonlers. Chairs, ' Rockers. Writing
Desks, Bookcases, Folding Beds. Box Couches
Enamel Beds, wardrobes, Blankets, Bedding'
Carpets, etc.
Will be sold by the piece, room or in lots to
suit. Open for Inspection and sale from 9 a.'
m. dally on tho premise*, 7*l Sutter street.