VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 120.
SAMOANS UNDER
MATAAFA ATTACK
THE FOREIGNERS
WARRIORS ENTRENCHED IN STREETS OF APIA
GERMAN CONSUL'S
INDISCRETION HAS
NOW LED TO WAR
Natives Besiege Apia, and the
British and American War
ships Bombard Villages.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated
Press.
A VIA, Samoan Islands.
March 23 (via Auckland,
N. Z., March 29).— The
troubles growing out of the elec
tion of a King of Samoa have
taken a more serious turn and re
sulted in the bombardment of na
tive villages along the sliore by j
the United States cruiser' Phila
delphia, Admiral Kautz' com
manding, and the British cruisers
Porpoise and Royalist. The
bombardment has continued in
termittently, for eight days. Sev
eral villages have been burned,
and there have been a number of j
casualties among the American j
and British sailors and marines.
As yet it is impossible to estimate
the number of natives killed or
injured.
As Mataafa and his chiefs, con
stituting the provisional govern
ment, continued to violate the
Berlin treaty after the arrival of
the Philadelphia, Admiral Kautz
summoned the various consuls
and the senior naval officers to a
conference on board the Philadel
phia, when the whole situation
was canvassed. The upshot was
a resolution to dismiss the pro
visional government, and Ad
miral Kautz issued a proclama
tion calling upon Mataafa and his
chiefs to return to their homes.
Mataafa evacuated Mulinuu,
GERMAN CONSULATE IN SAMOA.
The San Francisco Call.
the town he had made his head
quarters, and went into the in
terior.
Herr Rose, the German Con
sul at Apia, issued a proclamation
supplementing the one he had
issued several weeks before, up
holding the provisional govern
ment. As a result of this the
Mataafans assembled in large
force and hemmed in the tow;i.
The British cruiser Royalist
brought the Malietoa prisoners
from the islands to which they
had been transferred by the pro
visional government.
The Americans then fortified
Mulinuu, where 22,000 Malie
toans took refuge. The rebels —
the adherents of Mataafa — barri
caded the roads within the muni
cipality and seized the British
houses. An ultimatum was sent
to them ordering them to evacu
ate, and threatening them, in the
event of refusal, with a bombard
ment, to commence at 1 o'clock
on the afternoon of March 15.
This warning was ignored, and
the rebels commenced an attack
in the direction of Ihe United
States and British consulates
about hah' an hour before the
time fixed for the iDombardment.
The Philadelphia, Porpoise and
Royalist opened fire upon the
distant villages. There was great
difficulty in locating the enemy,
owing to the dense forest, but
BAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY. MARCH 30, 1899.
NATIVE TROOPS ON STREET.
several shore villages were soon
in flames.
A defective from the Phil
adelphia exploded near the
American consulate, and the
marines . outside narrowly es
caped. A fragment struck the
leg of Private Rndge, shattering
it so badly as to necessitate am
putation.
Another fragment traversed to
the German consulate, smashing
the crockery. The Germans
then went on board the German
cruiser Falke.
During the night the rebels
made a hot attack on the town.
Wiling three British sailors. A
British marine was shot in the leg
by a sentry of his own' party,
another was shot in the foot, and
an American sentry was killed at
his post.
The bombardment continuing,
the inhabitants of the town took
refqge on board the Royalist,
greatly crowding the vessel.
The Porpoise has shelled the
villages east and west of Apia and
captured many boats.
The Americans and British are
fighting splendidly together, but
there is a bitter feeling against
the Germans.
Two men, a British and a Ger
man subject, have been arrested
as spies.
The bombardment of the jun
gle was for a time very hot.
The British cruiser Tauranga,
which it is understood was in
tending to annex the Tonga
Islands (a section of the Friendly
Islands in the Pacific), was inter
cepted at Suva, capital of the
Fiji Islands, by order of the home
Government.
WASHINGTON HOPES THE
KAISER WILL SUBMIT
WASHINGTON, March 29.— The
news from Samoa that the United
States cruiser Philadelphia and the
Continu«d on Third Page.
ROWENA-LEE
SINKS IN THE
MISSISSIPPI
All Aboard the Steamer Per
ish Except the Captain
and One Mate.
SIXTY PEOPLE LOST
An Explosion Splits the Vessel in
Twain and Stunned Passengers
Disappear in the River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
?NEW MADRID, Mo., March O
29. — The steamer Eowena Lee i
of the Lee Line of Mississippi +
O boats sunk in seventy feet of 9
♦ water at Tyler, Mo., twenty- O
~ five miles below here, between ♦
q 3 and 4 o'clock this afternoon. ~
♦ She is said to have broken in o
® two and gone down with all on ■♦
q board except the captain, Geo. ~
X Carvell, and one mate, John q
5 Crasty, who escaped. Sixty -f
O people are believed to have ©
q been drowned. O
The following is only a partial list of
those who perished, as the complete
passenger list and names of the crew.
outside of the officers, is not yet. Ob- j
tamable.
THE DEAD.
BANKS, ED, pilot <>t" Lee.
BOOKER, L., first clerk on Lee. '
CALDER, AI.HKRT, engineer.*
FLANMCAN, PATRICK. second
mate.
HIOHT, WILLIAM (colored), bar
keeper.
HUMPHREY, S. C. general agent
for Chicago Mill and Lumber Company
of Cairo,
FARRIS, AL, of Hickman. Ky., pas
senger.
KELLY, M. T., mail clerk on Lee.
LEWIS, H. C, traveling freight
agent for Lee line.
LEWIS, SAMUEL, third clerk.
LOGOMARSINO, D. X., barkeeper.
MITCHELL, AUGUSTUS, second
clerk.
SMITH, -'SID,' 1 pilot.
STULL, FRANK, engineer.
TODD, GEORGE W.. steward.
Most of the Rowena Lee's crew lived j
in Memphis. The names of her pas- j
sengers cannot be learned. The boat
was the property of the Lees at Mem
phis.
The Rowena Lee was laden with rail
road iron for Memphis, with some pack
ages of way freight. She passed this
point shortly before noon. She had fin
ished discharging and taking on cargo
at Tyler, and had cast off her lines,
when a terrific explosion occurred,
which to those on the bank who were
watching her seemed to cause her to
break in two amidships. The broken
ends of the craft were forced upward
until each stood momentarily on end
and then disappeared under water. The
upper works were thrown up with such
force that they were literally broken
into kindling wood and the air was
filled with wreckage of the pilot-house
and cabin, with the light cabin furni
ture and with luckless human beings
who- constituted her crew and passen
gers. That tlYe captain and one of the
mates escaped is regarded as miracu
lous by those who saw the boat de
stroyed.
The current at Tyler is swift, and,
though dazed, the eye-witnesses acted
as promptly as they could in the mat
ter of manning: skiffs and getting out
to the wreckage. They succeeded in
saving no lives except those noted, and
they prcbably would not have been
saved had they not providentially been
caught in and kept afloat by a large
section of the cabin. Both were un
conscious, and since being revived cun
give no coherent account of the occur
rence. Not another body was seen by
the .would-be rescuers, and the thetrry
is that all were rendered unconscious
by the concussion, and, being unable to
help themselves in any way, sank im
mediately they struck the water.
Neither Captain Carvell nor Mate
Crasty has any theory regarding the
cause of the catastrophe. They are not
inclined to believe the boilers burst.
Continued on Third Page.
AMERICANS BEGIN
THE ADVANCE UPON
AGUINALDO'S CAPITAL
MANILA, March 30—10 a. m.— The American forces began the advance from Giguinto at day
break this morning. While crossing a bridge about half a mile from that place they were attacked by
the insurgents, who were gathered in force. They gave desperate battle. The engagement lasted
fully two hours.
The Americans' loss is unofficially reported as ten killed and thirty wounded. They were cross
ing the bridge in two columns of fours, the Pennsylvania Regiment in advance, closely followed by the
Kansas Volunteers. When half way over the insurgents, who were concealed in the brush, opened a
galling fire. The men never wavered and maintained their steady advance.
A Colt rapid fire gun was hurried to the scene and the jungle was literally raked. The insur
gent loss in killed alone is upwards of 100.
The insurgents finally retreated upon Malolos in great disorder. It is thought they are on the
way to the mountains. At least three thousand were engaged in this morning's skirmish. Evidences on
every hand are that the Americans will find Malotos deserted.
The army is now resting and will advance upon Malolo: this afternoon.
The Utah Battery was also engaged in this morning's brush and had one killed. The Pennsyl
vanians suffered heavily.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA. Mar.eh 29.— At 6
o'clock this morning a fly
ing column, with the Third Ar
tillery and the Montana and 1 Kan
sas Volunteers on the left of the
railroad and the Pennsylvania,
South Dakota and Nebraska Vol
unteers on the right, started for
Bocave across two miles of open
fields.
The insurgents began to lire
immediately, and continued until
the troops reached the river at
Bocave. The American troops
never wavered.
The Nebraska Regiment swung
in from the extreme left and
doubled up the insurgent left at
the river. The insurgents ran,
after some rails had been re
moved from the railroad.
Wounded insurgents reported
that the enemy had retreated to
Malolos. .
In the Pennsylvania Regiment
there were one killed and five
wQiinded.
I he Kansas Regiment lost one
officer and fifteen privates were
wounded. In the Montana Regi T
ment five men were wounded and
in the Nebraska Regiment one
man was killed and ten wounded.
The American advance was
wonderfully rapid, considering
that the enemy destroyed the
bridges as they fled. There was
no resistance at Bigaa.
The troops advanced quickly,
in contracted lines, to the town
of Giguinto. The Pennsylvania
Regiment crossed the bridge as
the advance guard, and unex
pectedly the insurgents concealed
in the woods opened a heavy fire.
Then the Kansas Regiment and
one battalion of the South Da-
kota Regiment rushed over the
bridge under fire.
Two of the Utah Battery guns
and one Colt rapid-fire also came
into action. The insurgents had
made trenches across' the rail-
road. Our loss was several killed
and more than twenty wounded
before the insurgents were driven
off. Our troops are now en
camped two and a half miles from
Malolos.
REBELS LOSING FAITH IN
AGUINALDO'S PRETENSIONS
The Family of the Dictator Get- \
ting Ready to Flee Before
the Americans.
MANILA, March 29.— The army's ad- !
vance to-day had covered more than |
two miles before any resistance was i
offered. Insurgents have been found j
with their throats cut in the trenches, j
This is understood to indicate that
they were punished for refusing to
fight. It is now believed the insur-
WASHINGTON, March 29— The following advices from
Manila were received by the War Department to-night:
MANILA, March 30 .—Adjutant General, Washington:
Mac Arthur advanced at 6 o'clock yesterday morning from
Marilao. Passed rapidly to Bocave, At 11:45 he took up his
advance for Bigaa, and at 3:15 in the afternoon for Giguinto,
three and a half miles froi»i Malolos, reaching that point at 5
P. M. The casualties for the day were about 70, and there
was fierce fighting in the afternoon. The troops made the
crossing of the river at Giguinto by working the artillery
over the railroad bridge by hand and swimming the mules
against fierce resistance. The railroad to the extreme front
is nearly repaired, and will resupply the troops to-day.
OTIS.
Rents' faith in Affuinaldo is destroyed.
Aguinalchr, with his family, is said to be
preparing: to flee from Malolos. Gen
eral Mac Arthur is making ready an ar
mored railroad car for further opera
tions.
The rebels burned the villages as
they retreated in bad order toward
Malolos. The enemy also tore up sec
tions of the railroad in many places
and attempted to burn the bridge at
Bigaa, but the fire was extinguished
owing to the timely arrival of the
Americans. The rebels had not finished
their trenches along the line of to-day's
march, showing they were not prepared
for* our advance. It is believed here,
however, that there will be a hard fight
before Malolos is taken.
The Minnesota regiments reinforced
the division to-day, marching from the
water works during the night to Ma
nila and going to the front by train.
The Filipinos fired volleys yesterday
evening for the purpose of drawing
the American fire and discovering the
locality of our positions. Two men of
the Pennsylvania Regiment and one
man belonging to the Dakota Regiment
were wounded. The Americans re
mained silent.
The country between Marilao and
Manila presents a picture of desolation.
Smoke is curling from hundreds of ash
heaps, and the remains of trees and
fences torn by shrapnel are to be seen
everywhere. • The general appearance
of the region is as if it had been swept
by a cyclone. The roads are strewn
with the furniture and clothing drop
ped in flight by the Filipinos. The only
persons remaining behind are a few
aged ones too intirm to eacape. They
camp beside the ruins of their former
homes and beg passers-by for any kind
of assistance. The majority of them
.are living on the generosity of our sol
diers, who give them portions of their
rations. The dogs of the Filipinos
cower in the bushes, still terrified and
barking, while hundreds of pigs are j
to be seen busily searching for food.
Bodies of dead Filipinos are stranded
in the shallows of the river or are rest
ing in the jungle, where they crawled
to die or were left in the wake of the
hurriedly retreating army. These bodies
give fcrth a horrible odor, but there is
no time at present to bury them.
The inhabitants who fled from Man
lac- left in such a panic that on table? j
our soldiers found spread money and !
valuables and in the rooms were trunks
containing other property of value, j
This was the case in most of the houses j
deserted. They were not molested by i
our soldiers, but the Chinese who slip j
in between the armies are looting when
they can and have taken possession :>£ j
several houses, over which they raised
Chinese flags, some of which were torn
down.
An old woman was fcjund hidden in a i
house yesterday, Just dead, apparently
from fright and hunger.
CONSUL WILLIAMS
MADE NO PROMISE
ROCHESTER, N. V.. March 29.— 0.
F. Williams, United States ("onsul at
TROOPS KILLED
AND WOUNDED
WASHINGTON, March L' 9.—
General Otis to-day cabled the
following additional casualties
to Adjutant General Corbin:
KILLED.
Third Artillery. Battery G—
Private J. J. Whitney, Private
Charles Johnson.
WOUNDED.
Tenth Pennsylvania, Company
E— Private Christopher Filbert,
hand, severe, accidental.
Third Artillery, Battery G—
First Sergeant John C. O'Con
nor, eye, slight.
INJURED.
Twentieth Kansas, Company
D— Private J. Ross, foot, slight.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
Manila, has written to his brother, L.
L. Williams of this rity, concerning"
statements made by Agoncillo to the
effect that Consuls Williams and Wild
man had promised Aguinaldo and his
/rienris that the United States would
grant absolute independence to the
Philippines as soon as the islands were
taken from Spain. Consul Williams de
nies this explicitly. He writes:
"I never saw Agoncillo nor made such
a promise to any Filipino. On the con
trary, when Aguinaldo's leaders applied
to me at Hongkong to be allowed to re
turn with me to Manila one of the pro
visions of the conditions under which I
agreed to give them such aid as I was
able to give was that they were to be
subject at all times to the naval ami
military authority of the United States.
This was agreed to before I allowed
them to accompany me April 27, 1898,
to Mirs Bay. where the fleet awaited
my coming." Admiral Dewey knows all
about the conditions which I imposed
and complimented me on my foresight
and thoughtfulness."
This agrees with reports sent by Con
sul Williams to the State Department
from time to time and made public
through the press dispatches from
Washington.
FILIPINO COMMISSIONER
ARRIVES AT MADRID
MADRID, March 29.— A Filipino cbiff
missioner to negotiate for the release
of the Spanish prisoners in the Philip
pines arrived here to-day.
JOHN SHERMAN FREE
FROM PNEUMONIA
The Ex-Secretary of State Reaches
His Home in an Enfeebled
Condition.
WASHINGTON. March 20.-E.X -Secre
tary of State John Sherman is again at
his residence in this city, fie reached
here at 7 o'clock from Old Point Comfort.
During the night he had rested fairly
well and was feeling no worse for the
.iourney. Mr. Sherman was brought from
his stateroom in a chair ancl carefully
carried to a carriage in waiting. The par
ty was driven directly to Mr. Sherman's
home on X street.
With Mr. Sherman were Mis. McCatfum
of tliis city, his daughter; Dr. McGilLaad
Messrs. wiberg and Hrobu^eo of Ohio,
relatives. At the house the,*jsatient was
pined in the care of trained nurses
anri Dr. W. \V. Johnston <>f this city.
Mr. Sherman this forenoon was resting
quietly and doing as well as his frjends'
could expect, llis condition i.^ exceeding
ly enfeebled. While there has been n<>
marked change in his condition the phy
sicians attending ex-Secretary Sherman
say he is doing as well as can he expect
ed' and they are prattfied at the satisfac
tory manner In which he bore the voyage
home. While traces of pneumonia are
still apparent, yet the disease itself has
disappeared.
GRAY APPOINTED
A CIRCUIT JUDGE
The Ex-Senator of Maryland Has
Held Manjr Important Public
Trusts.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— Ex-Senator
George Gray of Delaware has. been ap
pqinted i>v the President United Stated
Circuit Judge for the third district.
Senator Gray's term expired at the close
of the last Congress. His service In that
body began March 1!'. l*Vi. and he was
appointed to till the vacancy 'caused by
the appointment at Thomas i". Bayard as
Eh retary of State.
Senator Graj was recognized as one of
the leading Democrats of ih:it body and
was recently a member of the commission
which mot at Paris to prepare the treaty
of peace with Spain, and was Also a mem
ber of the United States and Canadian
High Joint Commission.
KILLED AND EATEN
BY CONGO NATIVES
Awful Fate of Lieutenant Bell, an
Officer With the Belgian
Troops.
LONDON. Marcb 30.— The Liverpool cor
responded of the Daily Mail telegraphs
that netra lias been received there of the
terrible fate of LJutenant Bell, a Uritish
officer with the Belgian troops in the Con
i g<> Free State. He was captured by the
. natives in a Berce fight and was after
ward killed and eaten.2
AMERICANS SWEEP TOWARD MALOLOS
PLENTY OF
VOLUNTEERS
AT PRESENT
Sufficient Troops Now in the
Philippines to Suppress
Aguinaldos Men.
PUCE lOTERS ACT
Announcement That the President
Will Not Organize the Pro
visional Army.
Sperlal Dispatch tp Tie '"all. •
&JSHINGTON. March 29.— 1t is
etatt . ' xv Department that the
tU bj. - • volunteers
ganizaUgn
bill !:•- ! 'i ■■> dto the Pres
■ ither by Acting i ■ of
n or Adjutant General
["here Is no intention to bring
,;i the present
t i :;t o . o> with the tri ■ ■:• ordered
- . it will take some
transport thither, that Gen
: es necessary
is desired of him
it the \V;ir Department
r til-- or
ih' 35,000 volunteers
i . ana the iriends of
- officers. There
ly many applications on file,
1 with the
; s, hut those who have served
s and har< been mus
to again enter
i vice.
.The authoritative announcement has
been made that the President will not
organize this provisional army unless
it is needed. So far there is no demand
from General Otis for more ti'oops than
are now on their ay to Manila. His
last all was for three batteries of light
artillery. These were placed at once
under orders for Manila and are. on
their way to San Francisco. They will
sail about the 16th of April. Those who
insist that the provisional army must
be organized say that they have infor
mation from the Philippines which indi
cates that a "volunteer army cannot be
enlisted for six months, as provided for
in the bill, from the volunteers who will
be mustered out when the ratifications
of peace are exchanged. It is claimed
that these volunteers will demand,
transportation home at once, and that
there will "not be enough regulars in
the Philippines to carry on the war' with
the Filipinos. . • ~
Adjutant General Corbin says that
Information received direct from.Oen
era.l.Otirs is to the effect that the .volun
teer troops now in the Philippines have
remonstrated against being sent home
while the active operations are in pro
gress. General Otis said that the vol-"
untcers had patriotically declined 'to
take advantage of that privilege, and
have expressed the desire to continue
in - service as Jong as there was any
fighting to be done. lie added that they
were' in excellent health and spirits and
were rendering most efficient service.
A statement prepared at the War De
partment in regard to the regiments
under orders and en route to trie Phil
ippines shows as follows: • . '
The Twelfth Infantry and four com
panies of the Seventeenth Infantry on
the- transport Sheridan, now • nearing
Manila; headquarters and six com<
panies of the Ninth Infantry left San
Franvnsco March '24; six . other com
panies of the Ninth Infantry will leave
the same port in a day or -two; the
Sixth Artillery will Wave its' present
station April 1">; the Twenty-first' In
fantry will leave its present station
April IS. and the Sixth Infantry, Thir
teenth Infantry and Sixteenth Infantry
and- Light Battery K. First Artillery;
Eattery F of the Fourth Artillery, and
Battery F of the Fifth Artillery , are
now .■I! under orders to prepare for
transportation to Manila by -way of
San Francisco and will be forwarded
as. fast as troopships, can be secured
for the long voyage across the Pacific.
These troops number about 10,000 In all
a i i < I th<-ir arm at Manila-will greatly
strengthen the fighting force of General
Otis. ' -
PURCHASE OF GALVESTON,
LA PORTE AND HOUSTON
C. P. Huntington's Presence Makes
It Appear That He Has Se- •
cured the Road.
GILVESTON. Tex.. March 23.— 1n the
Federal Court " to-day . T. J. Smith com
pleted the purchase of the Galveston, La
Porte and Houston Railway, purchased
at receiver's sale some months ago, by
paving $375,000, making a total of J640.000.
Mr. Broadhead, who paid the remainder
of the price for the road in court to-day,
declined to discuss the purchase, but it
has long been suspected, in view of the
fact that C. P. Huntington had recently
acquired property for wharves 'and ter
minals at Galveston; that he is the pur
chaser of the read. His arrival in Gal
veston this morning and several inquiries
he made with reference to the property
•have, strengthened the belief that he is
the buyer, when asked about it he said:
"I don't know who has bought the road.
Of course, 1 don't know what the folks
in New York may have done."
Mr. Huntington went over the wharf
front property to-day with his chief en
gineer, Mr. wood, and said he would be
gin to develop it as soon as the Legisla
ture acts on the bill now pending to con
firm: grants made by the city, lie was
given a cordial reception here and made a
snort speech at an informal reception ten
dered, him at the .Cotton Exchange. He'
left.- for the West to-night, en route for
San; Francisco*. • •
ASTOR IS A FOREIGNER.
William Waldorf, Therefore, Escapes
.. ° Some Customs Investigations.
NJ3W YORK.. March 2<<.-Wi!liam Wal
' dorf Astor. when he arrived here to-day
on the White Stay liner Majestic, in an
swer to the interrogatories of the customs
officials, described himself as a foreigner
and. a resident of Great Britain. This- re
ply relieved him of answering such ernes
tions as are required by law to be put to
"returning Americans regarding purchase*
made while abroad. Mr. Astor refused to
be interviewed. In the coarse of a week
he expects to be on his way lack -to Enr
land:  . ■ .
WILL RESUME BUSINESS.
SAN LUIS OBTSI'O. Xatt h-• iii ■ of
ficers of the ' Commercial Bank havi
pleted all thf necessary arrangements
and the concern will open on Monday.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund th* money If It falls to cure.
tin. Th« genuine baa I* B. Q- on «a.oh tablet.
ADVANCE OF
AMERICANS ON
MALOLOS
Filipino Capital and Strong
hold Will Probably Be
Reached To-Day.
MACARTHUR'S MARCH
Troops Meeting Less Resistance
From the Enemy During the
Forward Movement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 29.— When
General Otis reported to the War De
partment early to-day that at 6 o'clock
this morning the American troops un
der Mac Arthur again took up their ad
vance there was renewed expectation
of fighting and decisive developments.
General < 'tis' dispatch covered much
ground, not only in showing the position
of <>ur troops, but also the extent of
the advance contemplated for the day.
The halt and rest of yesterday gave a
new aspect to the advance, for instead
of a Inng-continued fight with jaded
troops and exhausted supplies Mac-
Arthur began practically a new ad
vance to-day with his men refreshed
and well supplied.
Major Simpsun, who is closely follow
ing the movement of the troops .by
means of the military map, regarded
General Otis' dispatch as showing that
the plan to-day was to reach Bigaa,
seven miles from Malolos, and thejte
wait until to-morrow for the final ad
vance on Malolos. The march cut out
for to-day covers about seven miles.
The two towns mentioned, Bocave and
Bigaa, are the only unes along the line
of march and they are small pueblos.
There is, however, a constant succes
sion of haciendas and plantations,
.showing that the road lies through a
rather fertile country. There* are two
natural obstacles lying along the rout-,
first, the Marilao River, and further on
the Balucan.
The bridge over the Marilao River
has been burned, but all reports indi
cate that the engineers have succeeded
in repairing it. Bigaa is just beyond
the Balucan River, so that General
Otis' report that Mac-Arthur's advance
".'will continue to Bigua" was construed
at the War Department to mean that
the two rivers would be passed before
to-day'a advance closed. Being Beven
miles from Malolos our forces can
either cover that distance to-morrow
or else turn southward and reduce the
large city of Balucan, on the left. The
expectation- here is that they will keep
on to Malolos arid that to-morrow nip.ht
will see them near the insurgent camp.
In the meantime the indications are
that the fighting will not be as severe
as it was Saturday and Sunday, i<i
General Otis' dispatch of this morning
says: "Enemy's resistance not so \ ig
orous to-day. " This is attributed to
the fact that our forces are now. in a
more open country, where the methods
of guerrilla fighting are not so rapidly
executed.
In the meantime' the report that th"
enemy has destroyed the railway and
telegraph lines compels our engineers
practically to build a. railroad and tele
graph line as bur troops advance.
A high official of the War Department
summed up the situation as follows:
The troops are in excellent condi
tion. Full supplies are on hand and
the supply trains are keeping abreast
of the men. The enemy is losing heart
and falling back and to-night we will
be within seven miles of the enemy's
capital."
There was some discussion in official
■ circles regarding the proclamation
which th" Philippine Commission may
issue. This action, it is said, is entirely
discretionary with the commission. It
may issue its proclamation after Gen
eral Otis reaches Malolos, or it may de
lay it until the tfme seems more oppor
tune. If, as reported in some quarters,
tho Filipinos abandon Malolos as a cap
ita! and go farther north, it is possible
(hat the proclamation may be with
held. It is intended that the proclama
tion shall declare the purpose of the
Government of the United States in the
■ of Luzon, and it may seem de-
Birable to establish fully the authority
of the United States over the inland
before any such step is taken.
REA IN CHARGE OF
THE UNION BANK
Transfer Made by Receiver Ryland
on an Order From the Bank
Commissioners.
SAN JOSE, March 29.— The Union Sav
ings Bank was to-day turned over" to
President James W, Rea of the new board
of directors for the liquidation of Its af
fairs. The transfer was made by Re
ceiver Ryland, on the order of the Bank
Commissioners, .and he took Rea's" receipt
for the entire business of the corporation.
Paul P. Austin was formally installed a3
manager.. . •
The directors will meet to-morrow
morning. "Complications promise to arise
then that will again cause delay,
Charles P. Braslan, who claims to be di
rector by virtue of election to the board
after the failure, will be present and in
sist on taking a hand in the management
of the institution. This will make on*
too many directors, and as soon as the
first vote shall have been taken the trou
ble will commence. Rea has a majority
of the board and in all probability Bras
lan will be ignored, although he was rec
ognized at yesterday's meeting. Diree-'
tors Callisch, Jones and Eaton will try
to have Braslan seated. Director Stock
would like to resign and make room for
an eighth man, but Rea insists on him
remaining in order to control affairs.
The assessment of $10 a share levied
by the old board will be set aside and a
I new assessment made. ■ The assets will
be gone over and the true status of the
bank determined.
COCHABAMA FALLS.
Bolivia's Prr sident Retires Before the
Insurgents.
LIMA, Peru, March 29.— According to
es as to the insurrection in Bolivia
-deralists. or insurgents, have occu
the city of Oochabamr.. capital of
the department of the same name, and
'JcnrrAl Alor.zo. the President, has re
d with the Government troops to
« iruro, his base of operations.
Two New Smallpox Cases.
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— Two new
cases of smallpox developed to-day. One
was In a house which has-been In quar
antine for the past ten days. The other
has been under suspicion by the Health
Department for eevoral days. No deaths
were reported.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30. 1899.
Steel Railway Bridge Over the Rio Grande de Pampanga at Ca
lumpit, Between Giguinto.MacArthur's Advance Post, and
San Fernando, Whither Aguinaldo Has Moved His Capital
From Malolos.
WITH SOLDIER
DEAD FROM CUBA
Arrival of the Transport
Crook.
Special Dis=patch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 29.— The d^ad
bodies of 68S American soldiers, regu
lars and volunteers, arrived to-day on
board the United States transport
Crook, and they will remain there until
to-morrow morning before the authori
ties will try to land them on native soil.
It was the intention to dock the vessel
at once, but wind and tide were more
than the mariners in charge could com
bat and it was finally decided not to
make the dock until to-morrow.
Captain Charles A. Tamon. who com
mands the transport, sent word to
army headquarters that with the
aid of four or five tugs he would be
able to get alongside of the pier. But i
when these accessories were sent him.
he said the risk was too great and de
cided he would await more favorable
auspices for landing.
Meanwhile relatives and friends of j
the dead had assembled on the wharf,
and many of them tried in various
ways to gain admittance to the pier.
' The United States navy yard tug
Nina arrived at the Government pier
about noon. She had no guaia" of honor
on board, and those most closely in
terested wondered at the fact, as it was
understood that a guard of United
States marines was to receive the re
mains of the sailors and marines sud
posed to be on board the Crook.
The naval officers in command were
Informed that the transport had not
called at Guantanamo, and conseauent
lyi there were no bodies of marines or
naval men on board. The navy tutf's
commander thereupon ordered a rever
sal of the engines and the naval craft
went back to the Brooklyn yard.
Captain Buck, with a company of the
Thirteenth United States Infantry, ar
rived on a tug from Governor's Island,
and stationed his men on the pier as a
guard of honor.
The soldiers remained on the dock for
over two hours, but Captain Buck as
certained that there was no possibility
of the Crook's arriviner this afternoon
and ordered his men back to their bar
racks.
Late in the afternoon a representa
tive of the Associated Press went
aboard the transport. On the trooo
deck, twelve feet below th- main deck,
the coffins were laid four deep. Each
< Mski't was inclosed in a pine wood box,
on one end of which the name of the
deceased and his regiment was sten
ciled in black letters. In addition to
this was marked the number of the
grave, plot or trench fn>m which the
body had been disinterred.
OBJECTED TO PAYING
FIVE DOLLARS A SEAT
Los Angeles Music Lovers Give the
Ellis Opera Company a Luke
warm Reception.
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— The superb
production of '.'Carmen," with De Lussan
in her great creation, was witnessed by
a half-filled house to-night. Critics unite
in Baying that, on tho whole, the cast
was superior to that of ''Faust" on the
great Melba night. Notwithstanding the
stellar features of the Ellis Opera Com
pany, thf brief operatic season was nol
a financial success, as the box office re
ceipts, contrary to expectations, are
short $1300. Many causes conspired to
<n>ale this void in the exchequer, the
principal one being that tho performances
were given during Holy Week, the final
days of prayer in Lent, and that many
lovers of music demurred to paying $5
a seat.
DEATHS AT SANTA CRUZ.
Two Pioneer Women Pass Away at a
Ripe Old Age.
SANTA CRUZ. March 20.— Mrs. Isabella
McPherson who arrived in California
from New York in the Barly days, died
this morning, aged 85 years. She was the
mother of Duncan MePhersotj;
Mrs. Rebecca Platt Wellington, a native
of New Ynrk and 73 years of age, also
died to-day. For many years she con
ducted an academy m ibis city.
APPROVED BY SALISBURY.
British and Russian Spheres of Influ
ence in China.
LONDON, March 29.— The Daily Graphic
announces that the Marquis of Salisbury
approved the draft of the convention deal
ing with the Russian and British spheres
of influence In China and that the con
vention awaits signature.
SECOND LEXOW
FOR NEW YORK
Legislative Investigation
of Bribery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALBANY. N. V.. March 29.— A most
dramatic scene was enacted in the As-
Bembly to-day when the cities commit
tee unexpectedly recommended a reso
lution calling for the appointment by
the Speaker of an investigating com
mittee to inquire Into reports that a
fund had been raised by assessment
among the members of the New York*
City police force to defeat by bribery
the passage of the pending police bills,
the chief among which provides for a
eingle-headed commission to be ap
pointed by the Mayor and subject to
removal by the Governor.
The Democratic members denounced
•he attempt to force the resolution as a
\ ulation of the rights of the minority.
The Speaker ruled against the Demo
cratic: leader, "and a scene of disorder
and confusion ensued.
At one point during the debate, Mr.
Green of New York shook his fist in
the face of the Republican leader, Mr.
Aldis.
After five amendments to the resolu
tion calling- for the extension of inves
tigation of the rumors of bribery in
connection with the Astoria gas bill
and other measures had been defeated,
the original resolution was passed after
all but seven of the Democratic mem
bers had left the chamber by a vote of
87 to 7. •
THE DAISY BELLE'S
OUTPUT DECREASING
Ledge Has Widened to Two Feet, but
Is Not as Kich as the First
Strike.
REDDING. March 28.— W. M. Dale, one
of the owners of the Daisy Belle mine of
Furnaceville, was in town on Monday
with another shipment of gold dust. He
would not disclose the amount. It is cer
tain, however, that the Daisy Belle is not
producing like it was a few weeks agn,
when $."7" was pounded, out in a hand mor
tar in three days.
Dale says the ledge has widened to two
the ore Showing free gold in abun
dan< i . The only way the owners have of
extracting the precious metal is by hand
mortaring the ore, only the richest being
thus treated. The rest is piled on the
dumps while development work goes
steadily forward.
J. H. Moore bought a third interest in
the prospect a few days before the strike
was made for $20. Dale and Silence were
discouraged by the outlook, and when
Moore came along and offered a double
eagle for an interest they thought It
would be "just Ilk" getting $20 from home."
An infusion of new blood, however, gave
the men courage to go ahead, and on the
third or fourth day they struck it. Moore's
third interest netted him at least $15"0 in
three days- on an investment ofs2o and the
exercise of a little muscle.
It is estimated that the miners have
several thousand dollars on the dumps.
There is no opportunity to have the ore
milled nearer than Redding. Tt will be
sacked and shipped, probably to San Fran
cisco.
COLLEGE PRESIDENT
GUILTY OF MISCONDUCT
Professor Andrew A. Miller of the
Lordsburg Institution Is
Deposed.
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— Professor
Andrew Edward A. Miller has been dis
missed from the presidency of Lordsburg
College by the board of trustees for al
leged licentious conduct.
President Miller was charged before the
board of the college and the official body
of the Church of the Society of the Ger
man Baptist Brethren, known in the
world as Dunkards. with having sus
tained improper relations with a young
woman prominent in the community, and
has been found guilty by both the col
lege trustees and the representatives of
the church.
Haggin to Buy a Race Track.
LEXINGTON, Ky., March 29.-1 1 is re
ported to-night that J. B. Haggin. the
millionaire turfman, will buy the Ken
tucky Association track at the sale to
morrow. H. Knapp will arrive in -the
morning at the head of a party of horse
men from New York. It is thought they
Will be bidders for the track.
Death of a Famous Collie.
KETW YORK, March 29.— J. Pierpont
Morgan's $4000 collie Hurricane is dead at
Cragston Kennels. Highland Falls. The
animal caught cold a few days ago and
pneumonia rapidly developed. Hurri
cane was one of the finest dogs in Mr.
Morgan's kennel*.
ATTEMPTS MADE
TO BRIBE THEM
Testimony of Pennsyl
vania Legislators.
Special Dispatch to The (.'all.
HARRISBURG, Pa., March 29.— The
bribery investigating committee to-day
resumed its inquiry into the charges of
alleged bribery in connection wih the
United States Senatorship and the con
sideration of the McCarrell jury bill in
the House.
Representative O'Brien testified that
immediately, after the House adjourned
to prevent a reconsideration of the Mc-
Carrell bill he was told by Representa
tive Cristie of Northumberland that j
there was lots of money in the House
that day and that there was SIOOO for
some one: That was the day Mr. Cristie
is alleged to have refused an offer of
$1000 to move to reconsider th<2 bill.
Representative Norton (anti-Quny
Republican) testified that on the morn
ing of February S Robert Evans rtf
Philadelphia asked to see him at his
room and there told him there was
$1000 in it if he would vote for the Mc-
Ca-rell bill.
Norton said Representative Engler
(D.) told him that Michael J. Costello
of Philadelphia called at his home and
offered him $">OO to support the AlcCar
rell bill.
Representative Hargrave (an'i-Quay
Republican) said he understood he
might have been appointed on the ap
i ropriations committee if he had voted
for Quay.
FOR AN IMPORTANT
NAVAL STATION
Steps Being Taken by the War De
partment for the Improvement
of Pearl Harbor.
NEW YORK. March 29.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Prepara
tory to the establishment of an impor
tant naval station at Pearl Harbor, Ha
waii, steps are being taken by the War
Department to improve the harbor.
Rear Admiral Walker, while in com
mand of the Pacific station, made ;i care
ful survey of the harbor, and with dredg
ing, which he suggests, it is apparent
ample water can be secured leading to a
spot well protected where he recom
mended the naval station be located. In
the river and harbor act there is v pro
vision appropriating $100,000 for complet
ing the Improvement of the harbor. Rear
Admiral Walker's report will be turned
over to General Wilson. Chief of En
gineers.
I understand Rear Admiral Entlkott,
• 'hicf of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
will recommend that Congress authorize
the construction of a Btone dock at Pearl
Harbor, with the hecessary repair shops,
so that repairs can be made to any ves
sel of the United States navy arriving in
Hawaiian waters.
General "Wilson has also taken meas
ures tn secure information respecting the
fortifications of Porto Rico and addition
al fortifications which should be con
structed so as to protect the island".
■ — ♦■ -
THREE LIBRARIANS NOW.
Peculiar Result of a Los Angeles
Political Row.
LOS ANGELES. March 29.— The mys
terious meeting of the Library Trustees
this afternoon has further complicated the
anomalous position which they and the
librarian occupy. At a secret session the
Trustees, ignoring the former resolution
appointing President Dockweiler librarian
pro tern, and without rescinding- that or
der, adopted a resolution appointing Mis.;
Gleason librarian until the further pleas
ure of the board, or until the incoming
board disposes of the matter in another
form.
Although Mrs. Harriet C. Wadk'igh was
by resolution removed from the position
of librarian and excluded from to-day's
session, she is still performing her duties
as if no order had been made vacating the
position. Mrs. Wadleigh says she will con
tinue t<- Ignore all the acts of the hoard
and nothing that 11 can do will interfere
in t!'.- management or discipline of the
library.
Editor Willard of the Express, who was
elected librarian, has declined the honor,
but his friends say that at the proper
time he will be induced to accept the posi
tion.
Threatened an Old Man,
STOCKTON. March 39.— William Selinor,
a milkman, was arrested this morning
and charged with assault with a deadly
n with intent to commit murder. Eie
drew a pistol and threatened to kill Isaac
Bearce. an old man who attempted to im
pound Seliner's cow», they having come
on lnnd leased hy Bearce. Poundmaster
Abbott, who "is also deputy constabli tor
McCloud'B Addition, a suburb of Stock
ton, where, the trouble occurred, dis
armed Seliner and placed him under ar
rest. Seliner is regarded as a dangerous
man when aroused.
BITUMINOUS COAL
FOUND IN ALASKA
Extensive Beds to Be
Developed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, March 29.— According to
advices received from the Aleutian
Peninsula great beds of rich bitumin
ous coal have been discovered near the
seashore at Chignik Bay. The find was
made by the Chignik Bay Coal and
Fish Company, which is now preparing
i" open coaling stations on Akun Is
land and at Constantine Harbor, on
Amchitka Island, one of the outer
points of the peninsula.
Amchitka is just half way between
this port and Yokohama and is said to
have a perfect harbor. All the Oriental
liners on the northern route and those
running to St. Michaels pass in close
proximity to this port and with facili
ties for coaling there it would mean no
small advantage to them. By coaling
there from 300 to 400 more tons of
freight could be carried. Akun Island
is just inside Unimak pass and directly
in the line of Alaskan steamers. Coal
bunkers are to be erected there at once
and the necssity of carrying coal to
Dutch Harbor will no longer exist. Al
ready arrangements have !>•
with two of the largest companies to
coal there. The coal lands of the com
pany have a frontage of a mile and a
half on the water, and comprise 6-H
acres. The outcroppings are within
fifty feet of high tide. The aggregate
of true coal veins really workable to
gether is eight feet. The coal can be
put on ship, it is said, for $2 a ton.
The United States Government has
been investigating the Chignik find.
Should it be able to use the coal it will
obviate the necessity of battleships and
transports running down to Honolulu,
nearly 1000 miles out of their way, to
coal. Again, it would avoid the neces
sity of carrying the large quantities of
coal to Dutch Harbor for Government
use in coaling the Bering Sea patrol
fleet, as is done every year.
A. E. Diekerman, the mining expert
of the Chignik Company, will leave for
the mines on Friday by the steamer
Cottage City, taking with him a force
of men to commence development, and,
incidentally, take out 3500 tons that
have been contracted for.
VICTIM OF AN ASSASSIN.
OGDEN, Utah, March 29.— Thomas San
dall was murdered last night or early this
morning: at Lay ton, Utah, fourteen miles
south of Ogden. Sandall was a man 52
years of age, prominent in the Mormon
church, and not known to have any ene
mies. }iv was employed in the store of
E. P. Ellison as a nightwatchman. and
w;is found dead on the floor when The
store was opened this morning. His death
was caused by ;t charge of shut fired from
a 12-bore shotgun. The charge entered
his mouth, blowing the top of his head
oIT. Nothing lias been missed from the
.store except Sandall's 38-caliber revolver.
There is no clew to the perpetrators of
the deed, but Ellison has offered JI(XK) re
ward for their apprehension.
— ♦■
New Orleans Races.
NEW OKI. KAN".-. March 29.— Weather cool
an.l clear; track fast. Three favorites won.
Results:
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Miss Ross
wen. Bishop Reed second. Hush-fields third.
Time, 1:49.
Six and a half furlongs— Hobart won. Old
Fox second. Dandy 11 third. Time, 1:22.
Mile and flve Furlongs, ■elllng— Sadie Levy
won. Dr. Marks second, Jim Conway third.
Time, 2:51. •
Mile and an eighth, handicap— Egbart won.
Judge St. ■.l.iinan second, Double Dummy third.
Time, 1:56%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Zolo won, Douster
swivel second, Nanie L third. Time, 1:30.
Six furlongs, selling— Bprtha Nell won, Sim
third. Time, 1:11.
Protest of the Germans.
CHICAGO, March 29.— Every Gerjman
social, business; religious and political or
ganization in Chicago has been asked to
send delegates to a meeting to be held
here April 17. having for its object the
formation of a permanent organization te
protest against an Anglo-American alli
ance. The organization may become na
tional in character, as its promoters have
been in communication with prominent
German-Americans in other cities.
Joe Reay Knocked Out.
SACRAMENTO, Marcl John
son of the Sacramento Athletic CluM to
,.i-:-.: knocked cut Joe Reaj of San Fran
citn'O in thr third round of What Wi
been a twenty-round contest. They
fought a twenty-round draw h«re a year
Keay was outclassed. They Wei
in at 168 pounds.
San Francisco Lodge.
To-morrow r.lght San Franoisco Lodpe
No. 3, I. O. O. F. . will at its meeting elect
its representatives to the grand lodgo,
and also have work in the initiatory de
gree.
HIS ALGER
TURNED OVER
HIS OFFICE
Work of War Department Is
Relegated to Subordinate
Officials.
THAT TOUR OF CUBA
Has Left Washington at a Critical
Time, and His Absence is
Significant.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK, March 38.— A special to
the Journal from .Washington says:
Has Secretary of War Russell Alg-er
given up the direction of affairs in the
War Department?
That he has is th* belief of well
posted authorities in Washington, and
his absence in Cuba at this critical
juncture gives plausibility to the re
port that he- will not much longer be
a factor in the Cabinet.
The Secretary is in Cuba on what is
termed by courtesy "a tour of inspec
tion," but those who adhere to the
theory that he has been compelled by
the administration-managers to practi
cally relinquish everything but his title,
point to. the fact that he is touring
through Cuba, where there is no pros*
pect nf a fight, and that he left here
at a time when the situation at Manila,
was the absorbing question. ■
It is said that the conferences at
Thomasville were uniformly unfavora
ble to Alger, and that the President
was informed that .Vigor's retention in
the Cabinet was the greatest danger
now menacing the Republicans in the
n< xt campaign.
The powers of which Secretary Alger
appears to have been divested ■
shared equally by Acting Sec'ri
Meiklejohn and Adjutant General
bin.
Secretary Alger, it is said. m;<y
resign for some time because thus
he ha"s ignored all hims from th
ministration that such a course .
meet unqualified approval, but it si ■
certain that he has relegated to subor
dinate officials the practical direction <►:'
affairs in the department of which he
la ostensibly the head.
Keports by Wireless Telegraphy.
LONDON, March 29.— According to a
dispatch to the Daily Chronicle from' Do
ver, Signor Marconi, whose successful ex
periments with wireless telegraphy
is the Straits of Dover have excited
the liveliest interest, says he has received
an offer to report the America's cup races
for certain Amertpan newspapers. He fie
clar< s thai he could flash messages across
the Atlantic if he had Eiffel -towers on
each side.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTH
• TS TOE WORKING CAPITAL OPHT7MANTTT
IT wk h loses that Is wrecltpd Indeed. . Is your
health falllngr you? 7y- OUr »tren«ta. unbTtlon.
vigor, TlUuity waetlng away?
Z. tRSrA^e '&)
© r- difffijfti. °: ©
DOCTOR SWEANY'
The old reliable and long est-cetabllshcd special-
ists on the' Pacific Coast. . ■
NERVOUS DEBILITY and all its attend-
Ing ailments of TOUXS; MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected of
Improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy arid confidence, pains In. th«
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unflttrng one for study,
business or enjoyment. of life. Dr. Sweany'*
special treatment can cure you. no- matter who
or what has failed. . • . -.
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses ,or indiscretions ar«
restored to full power, strength and vigor.
■ KI'PTURE cured by his new" method with-
out knife, truss or detention from work— a pain-
lei's, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCKLK, hydroeele. swelling an|
I tenderness of (he glands treated successfully.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON, SYPH-
ILIS "and all diseases of the blood prompt!*
and thoroughly cured and every trace of tht
poison eradicated frcm the system forever,
restoring health and purity.
PRIVATE DISEASES, Inflammation," dis-
charges, etc.. Which, If neglected or improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and caas«
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured. .
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters con.l«
c>ntial and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT— The most success.,
ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
fession. Thousands who were unable to call a* .
JESS? n su?ta?ion at f^r ? ca?i |S&3SS
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 .Market St.. San Francisco.. .
Office Hours— 9 to |t 12 m : 2. t ■ 5 ar.d 7 to I _
p. m. ; Sundays frcnl 10 to H. .
NASAL "CATARRH S^3i§S|
NASAL CATARRH H^tMSiSI
there should be cleanll- ■^>WM!fcOOipi
nees. Experience proves |^ I R V R£j£l
that ... - E^^Viij «a -'»A
Ely's Cream Balm m '^WM
is a cleanser, soother and ffel'^^/' 4r jam
"healer" of. the diseased Jfe^S*^ J-^ffll
monibrane. It cures en.- IWBi ->^ft'W
tarrh and a cold in the WK9\&^fa'ntFSM '
head vanishes quickly.- ■ fear V'-w' — : — •
Cream Belm is placed ; Into' the nostrils,
spreads over the membrane and Is absorbed,
liellet is Immediate and a cure follows. it la =
n>"it drying — cioea not produce -'.lCi-zjng. Larg« -
Size. 5Cc: at Druggists or by mall;. Trial Size. •
10c, by mall. . • ... *
ELY BROTHERE. iG Warren Street. Xew York.!, .
" I think them tho most wonderful mcdi-
; cine for all bronchial affections.'"— Hon.
Mrs. Perry, Castlo Grey, Limerick, Ireland.
onm|fig'& bronchia!
1 OS" BOSTON . ••
Sold in boxes only— Avoid imitations. _"DISCREPANCIES IN
THE ACCOUNTS OF
THOS. BONNEAU
Former Clerl^ of Marin County
Pays in Money to Cover
a Shortage.
SAX RAFAEL., March 29.— Despite strenuous efforts on the part of tha
county officials to prevent the affair becoming public property it has
been discovered that ex-County Clerk Thomas Bonneau is short in his
accounts under circumstances of so unfortunate a nature that on next Mon
day the matter will probably be drawn to the attention of the Board of
Supervisors. For twelve years Bonneau filled the office of County Clerk
so creditably that he made a host >f friends, few of whom will refuse to
abide by his explanation that the shortage was due to mistakes in the bal
ancing of accounts.
At the last election Bonneau was defeated at the polls by Robert E.
Graham, and Eugene Connell was elected Auditor and Recorder.
Marriage licenses are always procured from the County Clerk and a fee
of $2 charged, one-half of which is paid into the Recorder's office when the
certificate of marriage is recorded. It is in the marriage license department
that the shortage exists and on account of their intimate connection in this
regard the mistake came to light in the Recorder's office in a rather pe
culiar way.
A few days ago a marriage certificate was brought into Connell's office
to be recorded. The license had been issued months ago, during Bon
neau's Incumbency, and Connell went into Clerk Graham's office for the
Recorder's fee of $1. There he found that no money had been turned over
by Bonneau to Graham when the office changed hands. Mystified at this
discovery. Connell made an examination of the County Clerk's marriage
license register and upon comparison with the books of his own office found
that from the years 1655 to 1898 inclusive about 130 licenses had been issued
without any fee being 1 paid into the Recorder's office. A further examin
ation showed that there were 'certain discrepancies in the books which ap
peared at a cursory glance to have been the result of design.
Recorder Connell immediately drew the facts to the attention of Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac. That official investigated and sent for Bonneau.
When he learned of the discrepancy in his accounts Bonneau said it must be
the result of clerical errors, and as an evidence of his pood intention he
hired William Dougherty at his own expense to expert the books. Dough
erty found that Recorder Connell was correct in his figures, whereupon
Bonneau paid the balance due the Recorder's office.
If the Supervisors accept Bonneau's statement as true— and it !s the
opinion of the officials cognizant of the facts that such will be the case—
tho matter will be permitted to rest where it is; otherwise the affair will
necessarily be drawn to the attention of the Grand Jury.
SAMOANS UNDER
MSTAAFA ATTACK
THE FOREIGNERS
Continued From First Page.
British cruisers Porpoise and Royalist
had bombarded the towns held by Ma
taafa, who has thus far had the offi
cial support of the German Govern
ment, came with startling suddenness
to officials here and displaced for the
time being the attention given to the
fighting around Manila. The shelling
of Mataafa was looked upon as of sec
ondary Importance, but the deepest in
terest is attached to the attitude of the
German Government.
At first apprehensions were felt that
grave International complications
might ensue. But those most intimate
ly familiar with the latest official ex
changes between Washington, London
and Berlin did not take such a gloomy
View of the outlook. While recogniz
ing that the bloodshed at Samoa creat
ed a very serious and delicate situa
tion, it was said to be a situation which
had been clearly apprehended and dis
cussed in advance between the repre
sentatives of the three Governments.
The real crisis, from an international
standpoint, occurred last week, when
this apprehended outbreak was dis
cussed. Although relations were great
ly strained, it was possible to secure an
understanding which is said to make
sure that the outbreak now reported
will not cause a rupture in the relations
between the United States and Ger
many or between Great Britain and
Germany.
The details of the bombardment as
conveyed in the Associated Press dis
patches were read with eager Interest
by the Government officials who have
been most directly concerned- in hand
ling the Samoan question. There was
nothing of an official character, either
at the Btate or Navy Departments, or
at the British or German Embassies.
to augment the very full press reports.
Upon this officials based their views. .
In all quarters there were expressions
of concern and surprise, at the serious
nesß and extent of the bombardment.
and the resulting loss of life. That
pome overt act would take place has
been apprehended for many days, but
there was little idea it would take such
a broad sweep and lead to such heavy
loss of life. In this aspect of the case
the actual results were, regarded as far
more serious than those which had
been expected and provided for during
the recent diplomatic exchanges be
tween the three Governments. More
over, new elements of international
danger had unexpectedly arisen. These
Included the proclamation of the Ger
man Consul, Rose, which, it is believed,
tended to incite the Mataafa party to
en open revolt; also the wounding and
killing of British sailors and marines.
the shooting of an American "Sentry
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I FOR WEAK MEN! I
i*■' * . ■: . ■ , !
• *♦• . . • . All the vital strength that men have @ |
® ••'. / <&k& itl > i &liUs comes from Electricity. All that they have ♦
® !ost can be restored b y E'ectricity, applied. 4-
♦ J^^^to^Jllbr-*^^ 1^ as ' app!y il ! have studied upon this ®
♦ wgKpsZ*^ - j v^"^J-^y subject for twenty years, and the ten thou- @
% »FH§^?2i ' c ■'■"■ ''•* '■-' JKTS~2™fI| sandmen who have been made strong by %
> ■my treatment show my success. 1 succeed . %j
4- -'^^ " .In curing because I know what you need, 0
X '. \ how you need it applied, and have the means <f I
♦ --SV . ' o f applying it. Can you call and see my I j
® ° |/o\^ . method ?If not let me send you a book 4 j
© "'-'^^ • telling about it, sealed, free. You can be a 4- j
• ; % v • ; . . ■ strong 4
I dr. m; A. MCLAUGHLIN, _ Mr book . ®.
ox >.««' -- •» <=r tr SEND FOR mw BOOK, /~\
702 Market St.. cor. Ke»rny o. F. .. rHnEf , CLA3SES OP MErl ,.. ®
T Crfice houra-S n. in. to 8:90 p. m. ; Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE 01
® 10 t. 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. _^ I
and the attacks on the several Con
sulates.
These all involve unknown possibili
ties of serious complications. While
they had been guarded against as far
as possible by the recent anticipatory
exchanges, yet it was felt that the Ger
man press and national sentiment
might be wrought to a high pitch by
the events which had occurred and that
this outburst of popular feeling might
overcome the strong efforts of officials
oounS th ° SUbJ6Ct Within Dacific
In an authoritative quarter th» atti
tude of the British and American Con
suls was stated substantially as fol
lows:
It was actually understood between
the two Governments that the fir*t es
sential in Samoa was to maintain peace
and order. For that reason it was de
termined that any lawlessness on the
part of the Mataafa or any other Sa
moan element which threatened the
lives or property of residents would be
suppressed, even though force was re
quired. This was entirely without ref
erence to the rights of the three Gov
ernments-Great Britain, the United
States and Germany— and was merely
a rule of preservation and police secur
ity. Acting on this understanding Can
tain Sturdee of the Porpoise gave no
tice some time ago that he would bom
bard the Mataafans if there was any
outbreak or disorder. This insured ouiet
for a time, but he has always been
ready to use force if it was necessary
It was not proposed to give Samoa over
to a reign of anarchy simply because
the German Consular official at Samoa
differed with the British and American
officials. Outside of these differences
it was proposed to protect life and
property at all hazards. When Ad
miral Kautze went to Samoa he also
had Instructions that his first duty was
to protect life and property and to
maintain order. It is evident that the
bloodshed has arisen out of this united
effort of the American and British
commanders to protect the law-abiding
and peaceful elements against the dis
orderly and rebellious subjects of Ma
taafa. This is evidenced by Mataafa's
action in hemming in the town where
the American and British officials re
sided; also in the attacks on the Con
sulate and in the general lawlessness
which has prevailed since Mataafa be
gan his reign.
In short, according to the view of
OFFER UP THANKS
FOR THE RAINFALL
LOS ANGELES, March 29.— Special- thanksgiving services held from
2 to 4 o'clock this afternoon in the Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium were devoted to prayer of thanks for the recent rainfall
Rev. Hugh R. Walker spoke of the late rains as having been sent in
answer to invocations for divine aid in relieving parched acres and ear
nestly thanked God for the showers of blessing both in the spiritual and
physical -worlds.
"The broad acres of the southland smile with new-clad verdure " said
Rev. David W. Edwards, "and the blessing of God rests upon a people
that seek his "throne in earnest supplication in the hour of greatest
trial."
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
LOST MAN FOUND
BY BLOODHOUNDS
Successful Search Near
San Diego.
DEMENTED TOURIST RESCUED
HAD STRAYED FROM A TRAIN
AT OCEANSIDE.
Aged Traveler Who Wandered Into
the Brush Proves to Be a
Resident of Silver
City, N. M.
Special Dispatch to Th« Cail.
SAN DIEGO, March 29.—Bloodhounds
have found the old man who left the
train at Oceanside on Monday after
noon in a demented condition while en
route to this city. He has since been
identified by papers found in his pock
ets as M. K. White of Silver City, N.
M. He was brought to this city this
afternoon by Constable Hubbert of
Oceanside. Up to a late, hour his rela
tives, if he has any in this vicinity,
had not been found, but the old man
will be cared for until taken in charge
by his family.
The search was begun at the request
of Conductor Clegg of the Southern
California Railroad soon after the man
left the train at Oceaneide. The trav
eler appeared to be demented and his
actions in Oceanside left that impres
sion with those to whom he talked. He
was in that town only an htrur or two
before he started out into the country,
and before sunset two constables of
Oceanside had been informed by Con
ductor Clegg that the man was trying
to get to San Diego and they were on
the way tcr find him. Their search
Monday afternoon was unsuccessful
and yesterday afternoon they started
out again, taking along two blood
hounds owned by Constable Hubbert.
The dogs took the scent quickly and !
led the officers a chase through the
brush of San Luis Rey Valley and over
the hills in the roughest part of that sec
tion. The trail was almost in the form I
of a circle. Just before dark last night j
the officers saw a man about a mile ■
ahead, and by taking a short cut across i
the country came up to him in advance i
of the do-gs.
The terribleexperience passed through I
by the old man since leaving Oceanside
thirty-six hours before was shown in
his appearance, his clothes being in
rags and his hands covered with cuts
and bruises. He greeted the officers
pleasantly, and, in answer to a ques
tion, told his name and place of resi
dence. He insisted, however, that his
home was just beyond an adjacent hill.
He was persuaded tv accompany his
rescuers back to Oceanside, a distance
of eight miles, though he had traveled
about twenty in his wanderings.
The man, who appears to be about 63
years old, had nothing to eat from the
time he left Oceanside until found by
the officers. One of his hallucinations
waa that his spectacles were in his
mouth, and it was only after an in
spection had been made by the officers
that he came to the conclusion that the
spectacles had been lost and were not
hidden in his mouth. He was brought
to this city this afternoon and will be j
cared for. Among other papers in his j
pockets was a round-trip ticket from
Silver City to Wan Diego.
••••••••••••••••••••••
those best acquainted with the subject,
the British and American case will rest
upon the paramount necessity of pre
serving peace and order.
The German view, it can be stated on
very eminent authority, is not likely
to raise a direct issue on the position
thus laid down by the British and
American officials. On the contrary,
there is said to be a growing disposi
tion on the part of Germany to hold
Herr Rose accountable for the difficul
ties in which he has involved his Gov
ernment. For a time he was sustained,
with the natural desire to protect him
in the proper discharge of his duties,
but the German authorities have not
contemplated that he would carry the
matter to an open rupture, with the
resulting bloodshed. On that account
there is good reason to beileve that the
German Government will not sustain
Herr Rose and that official information
in that direction has already been con
veyed.
The diplomatic exchanges leading up
to this crisis have been very sharp
within the last few days. Early last
week the Berlin Government received
direct information from Samoa that
Admiral Kautz had arrived there and
had summoned a meeting of all the offl
i cials for March 11. The German au
thorities felt sure this meeting would
result in serious trouble. The Berlin
Foreign Office therefore instructed the
German Embassador here. Dr. yon Ho-1
leben. to present a note embodying
Germany's views. It argued that a
naval commander had no right to act
save in executing the will of the three
Consuls, acting unanimously and not
\ through a majority. But. aside from
I this argument, the German note inti
i mated quite plainly that Germany
would hold the other governments re
i sponsible if serious trouble resulted
from the action of the naval authori
ties in Samoa.
The strained conditions caused by this
! note were somewhat allayed by the
| answer of the State Department, which
; was friendly and reassuring, although
! it made it plain that the American
! naval commander would act in an
j emergency, even though the Consuls
I were not unanimous in requesting ac
j tion. It is just such an emergency that
has now occurred in Samoa.
There is no apprehension here that an
I actual clash will occur with the German
i civil or naval forces in Samoa. This is
| due mainly to the official understanding
J that Germany has given positive orders
JEWISH COLONIAL TRUST
FORMED TO ORGANIZE A
STATE IN PALESTINE
NEW YORK, March 29.— 1n pur
suance of resolutions adopted at
the Zionist Congress in Basle,
Switzerland, in August of last
year a subscription list was
opened to-day in Lojidon and New
York for a Jewish colonial trust, which
is to be established with a preliminary
capital "of $10,000,000 to conduct the
financial operations of the Zionist
movement.
The subscription list will remain open
for a month, in which time it is ex
pected the capital will be subscribed
many times over. The trust is to be
known on the continent of Europe as
the Jewish Colonial Bank, limited. The
preliminary capital of $10,000,000, which
it is intended shall be increased later
to $50,000,000, Is to be divided into 1,999.
--900 ordinary shares of $5 each and 100
"founders' " shares, also of $5 each. The
founders' shares are to be held jointly
by members of the council and their
nominees, and while. they will not par
ticipate in the profits of the bank, their
holders will in all matters affecting en
terprises to advance the Zionist move
ment have an equal voting power to
that of all other shareholders present
at any general meeting. The purpose
of this provision is to prevent the trust
from being turned from its primary ob
ject, that of aiding and promoting Zion
ism into purely commercial channels.
In New York the trust will be repre
sented by the American Federation of
Zionists of 20 Broad street, of which
Professor Richard Gotthel of Columbia
University is president and Rabbi
Stephen S. Wise of the Madison-avenue
Synagogue secretary. Applications for
shares should be made to the federa
tion.
Dr. Wise, when asked to-day about
the company, said that its purpose was
primarily to finance Jewish industrial
and commercial enterprises in Palestine
and Syria after certain restrictions now
in force as to Jewish Immigration have
been removed by the Sultan. It will also
occupy itself in obtaining the removal
of these restrictions and will provide
backing for several Turkish enterprises.
"The purpose of the Zionist move
| ment," Dr. Wise said, "is^o establish
j a Jewish state In Palestine, of course.
i under suzerainty of the Sultan, but
? with its stability guaranteed by Euro
i pean powers. The Sultan is friendly
to the project, for he realizes how much
! the wealth and resources of his em
j pire would be increased by such a
I state. We expect as soon as the neces
to the commander of the German war
ship Falke to refrain from any active
move.
GERMAN AND BRITISH
NEWSPAPER COMMENT
LONDON, March 30.— The morning
papers comment on the serious news
from Samoa, the presumption being
that the cruiser Tauranga was stopped
at the Fiji Islands by the admiral be
cause required for service at Samoa.
The Standard says: "The rebellious
chiefs must be coerced and punished,
and something more than a nominal
penalty will ba required for the blood
of British an*' American sailors. The
German authorities at Apia have in
curred a heavy responsibility. We can
not believe that Berlin will uphold
their action, as it is not worth Ger
many's while to quarrel with England
and America over Samoa." .
The Daily Chronicle says: "There is
only one alternative: Germany must
remove her Consul (Herr Rose) or go
out of the protectorate."
The Morning Post, commenting upon
the mystery surrounding the affair and
the impossibility of reconciling the
! events in Samoa with diplomatic as
; surances lately given by Berlin and
Washington, says: "Admiral Kautz
i and his coadjuters were not competent
! to dismiss the provisional government.
i The single bright spot in this dark busi
ness is that the Americans and British
fought splendidly together."
The Daily Mall says: "It is a conso
i lation to think that, as in Crete, the
I spilling of the American and British
blood will bring a solution of the crisis.
All three powers should recall their
Consuls and as the friendship of Ger
many is the pivot of our foreign policy,
her wishes should be respected "in the
final settlement."
BERLIN, March 30.— The Neueste
Nachrichten, which disapproves the at
titude of the Jingo papers in accusing
the Government of a lack of vigor re
garding Samoan affairs, says: "Ger
many's position In Europe is not so se
cure that any strength should be
wasted in an attempt to treat trans
oceanic problems in accordance with
the dictates of.a lively political fancy."
DR. SOLF ORDERED
TO APIA AT ONCE
LONDON, March 30.— The Berlin cor
respondent t^f the Standard sars: "Dr.
Solf, while in London, had several con
ferences, I learn here, with Mr. Cham
berlain on the Samoan question. He
started for his now post yesterday. He
would have remained longer in London,
but the Government ordered him to pro
ceed immediately by way of Washing
ton in order to confer with tht Ameri
can authorities."
BERLIN, March 29.— The Hamburg
ische Correspondenz, dealing with the
question of installing Dr. Solf, who will
succeed Dr. Joannes Raffel as president
of the municipality of Apia, in the ab
sence of a generally recognized Samoan
Government, says: "The three powers
have arranged that the German, Brit
ish and American Consuls are to install
the new president of the municipality."
THE TONGA ISLANDS
WILL BE BRITISH
TONGA ISLANDS. TMarch 23 (via
Auckland, N. Z., March 29).— The Brit
ish cruiser Tauranga arrived here on
March 7 under sealed orders on a secret
mission.
It is surmised that her visit was the
result of rumors of an intended Ger
man annexation, the cruiser aiming to
secure an agreement that if any na
tion is to annex the Tonga Islands it
shall be England.
The captain of the Tauranga before
leaving, on March 18. said he had ac
complished his mission satisfactorily
and that the German incident had
been overatted, the German claims
being trifling except as to the right to
a coaling station in the island of
Vavao. It is doubtful whether the
German Consul intends to proceed even
with this.
Takes a Dose of Strychnine.
SANTA ROSA. March 29.— C. H. Schief
frr. a well-known poultry fancier of this
county, is believed to have taken an over
dose of strychnine this evening, from the
effects of which he died a few hours later.
He leaves a family, of twelve children.
RABBI STEPHEN S. WISE, American Secretaru of the
Zionist Trust.
sary concessions are obtained that
thousands of families from Russia and
other countries where the Jews labor
under disabilities will join in the move
ment to Palestine, and thousands from
Argentine Republic, where the colonies
have been unsuccessful in spite of the
large amounts expended on them by
the late Baron Hirsch, will also join.
"There are already twenty-five col
onies of Jews with a population of 76,
--000 persons in Palestine, and all are
flourishing. They, however, antedate
BELGIAN DEPUTIES
BRANDY EPITHETS
Uproar in the Brussels
Chamber.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRUSSELS, March 29.— There were
some exciting scenes in the Chamber
o£ Deputies to-day in connection with
the discussion of the recent expul
sion from Belgium of a former priest
named Charbonnet, a native of Franc?,
whose utterances are considered objec
tionable. The Deputies tried to close
the debate. This led to violence, dur
ing which the speakers attacked tlvi
King and Government general!/. lead r
ins to much uprnir. i-'- ••'■>• • •-- "■
chamber declared the sitting suspended
and tht Socialists aim i.-ni.-..
toward the Rightists flourishing ch«ir
fists.
I'hccgh actual fighting was avoided
the uproar was deafening. The most
abusive epithets were shouted and ;ho
president ordered the galleries to be
cleared. Thereupon the spectator? ap
pealed to the Socialists, who toil ih^m
to remain. This caused some of the
spectators to resist the ushers and sol
c'iers had to be summoned to clear the
galleries, resulting in a series of excit
ing scuffles.
The house was eventually cleared and
the sitting was suspended for an hour,
during which M. Bethune. a member of
the Right, and M. Jeune. a Leftist, ex
changed challenges to fight i duel.
ROMA LEE SINKS
IK THE MISSISSIPPI
Continued from Firat Page.
because the. boilers were comparatively
new, in good repair and in charge of
a competent engineer, who would
promptly report any defects and would
refuse to run if the defects were of
such a nature as to render runnine
dangerous. Both deny any explosives
had been shipped as freight though
they admit it might be possible for
dynamite or powder to be shipped un
der other names to avoid th,<? hijjh tar
iff demanded for the transportation of
such commodities.
The Rowena Lee was built at Jeffer
sonville, Ind., five years ago, and was
valued at 575,000. She was regarded as
one of the stanchest vessels on the
lower river and was handsomely fitted
up for passenger trade. She was owned
by the Lee Transportation Company
of Memphis and had been commanded
by Captain Caivell for nearly the en
tire time of her existence. He is re
garded as one of the best captains on
the river, and all river men exonerate
him from blame in the present instance.
Frank Stull, her engineer, was an
old-timer, and highly regarded by the
owners and by his associates.
.MKMPHIS. Term., March 29.— 0n1v
meager details of the Rowena Lee
catastrophe have been received here.
Her owners have gone to Tyler to in
vestigate the cause of the accident.
MURDERER SOPER
TESTS THE SCAFFOLD
HARRISONVILLE, Mo., March 20.— R.
Bates Soper, who is to be hanged her*
to-morrow, was to-day allowed to go upon
the scaffold and test It. He tried the
trap and offered suggestions to the
Sheriff.
"I can hardly wait for the time of exo
cutlon to come." said Soper. "The su*.
pense and waiting are worse than tr.e
execution can possibly be."
Soper killed his father, wife and two
children at Archie. Mo., and later mur
dered a third daughter In Oregon.
the Zionist movement, and we will en
qourage no immigration to Palestine
until the Sultan has granted the neces
sary concessions and we are assured
permanency of the conditions estab
lished by them. It must be understood
that we do not desire to establish an
old Jewish hierarchy. We hope to
build a state on the best European
models. We believe that if there is
any vitality in the old religion of Juda
ism it will flourish without aid from
the state."
MOST PAY SPOT
CASH FOR RAISINS
Packers Agree to Terms
of Growers.
Special Dispatch to_ The Call.
FRESNO. March A mass-meet
ing of raisin-growers was in session
here all day to-day arranging the final
details of the agreement between the
growers and packers, and reorganizing
the association. The agreement be- I
tween the packers and growers was j
agreed upon by M, Theo. Kearney, rep
resenting the growers, and W. M. Grif
fin on behalf of the packers. It covers
the following points:
The whole crop to be assigned to pack
ers by allotment.
Every packer must become a member of
the association in order to receive any al
lotment. They may sign for any amount
of raisins they desire, but must give bond
and become responsible for the assign
ment. , •
Packers must ateo pay spot cash for the i
raisins as fast as they are delivered. The
association must fix prices. All • raisins
OIUSt be sold for cash. There will be no
restrictions as to the quantity that may
be purchased by any packer.
These provisions will enable the as
sociation to pay the growers for their
raisins as fast as they can deliver
them. A further stipulation has been
made that the packers must pay for all
of the raisins for which they subscribe
prior tv January 15. The price for
packing will remain the same as set
forth in the packers" contract, viz., $8
a ton. The commission will remain at
5 per cent. The salary of the president
was increased from $300 to $500 a
month. The office of auditor was add
ed, and H. H. Alexander was elected to
fill it at a salary of $125 a month.
M. Theo. Kearney was re-elected
president and the same board of direct
ors chosen to act for the coming year.
CURRENCY MEASURE
WILL BE DRAFTED
INDIANAPOLIS, March 29. —H. H.
Hanna, rhairman of the executive com
mittee of the National Monetary Confer
ence, organized at Indianapolis, has called
a meeting of the executive committee to
be held in New York City April 7 and 8.
The Hon. John P. Irish Is a member of
tho committee for California.
The Republican caucus of the late Con
gress appointed a committc-p to consider
the currency and banking problems of the
country. All tho members of the commit
tee have been re-elected and will be mem
bers of the coming Congress, and their re
port will be either a bill. or the founda
tion upon which to construct a bill which
will have the support of the Republican
party as a whole when Congress meets.
The call for the meeting of the execu
tive committee of the Indianapolis Con
ference has probably been made for the
purpose of arranging forconstiltation with
tho members of the Congressional com
mittee, and the gathering is therefore re
garded as one of more than ordinary im
portance.
CONEY ISLAND CLUB
GETS THE BIG MILL
NEW YORK. March 29.-Managers .Ju
lian and Brady, acting, for Jeffries and
Fitzsimmons. to-day signed articles of
agreement for a h'pht before the Coney
Island Sporting Club. The articles call
for a twenty-five round bout. Marquis of
Queensberry rules, to take place between
12 noon ;ind 1! p. m. on May 26. Georg*
Sl\er will act hs referee and five-ounc*
gloves are to be used.
The fight will be for $20,000. with 66 2-3
per cent of the revenue derived from th»
pictures to ho paid to the men. Fitz
simmons, Jeffries and the club posted
$2000 each to bind the agreement.
Sugar Bounty Concessions.
•LONDON, March 30.— According to the
Brussels correspondent of the Daily Mail
there is Rood prospect of the reassembling
next May of the' international conference
regarding sugar bounties. ■> France, it i\
said. is now agreeable, to concessions that
would lead up to. the abolition of boun
ties by Germany. Austria and Belgium.
... .-; J- • ''»♦ '« ' •; — L__ ■-.- . ...
.•» Cleveland. Cycles- sell lor. $40 and M- •
JAMAICAN PEOPLE
GIVEN NO CHOICE
High Tariff Bill Forced
Upon Them.
ENGLAND'S QUEER POLICY
CASE OF TAXATION WITHOUT
REPRESENTATION.
After the Elective House Has De
feated the Measure the Gov
ernor Declares It in.
Operation.
Special Correspondence of the Associated Pratt,
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 22.— The
political crisis in Jamaica that was
foretold in the Associated Press dis
patch of February '21 has developed.
The colony entered the acute stage yes
terday evening, and what the next
week or day may bring forth it would
need a wise prophet to forecast.
The Legislative Council met on March
14, and the Governor's address proved,
apparently, a most conciliatory mani
festo to the people. The papers ac
cepted it with joy. Within twenty-four
hours, however, it turned out to be
waste paper. At the next day's session
the Government introduced a new tariff
bill making drastic innovations, taxing
many necessities and putting on the
free list many luxuries.
The elective House declined to dis
cuss the bill, of which it had no notice,
and by a unanimous vote threw out the
first reading. By a quibble the Gov
ernor ruled that the bill from that mo
ment went into operation, adjourned
the council until March 22 (to-day) and
instantly convened the Privy Council,
which sustained his ruling and ordered
the new tariff in immediate operation,
concurrently with the existing one,
which expires March 31.
This act caused a commotion in com
mercial circles. The general public was
not less excited. The newspapers, in
cluding the Gleaner, perhaps one of the
most conservative and non-committal
papers In the British colonies, raved
and prophesied no end of evil.
It was understood, up to yesterday,
that the elected members had deter
mined unanimously to. block all further
business until the Government yielded
to their constitutional right to accept
or reject financial measures and with
draw the outrageous ruling, as they ex
pressed it, by which the new tariff had
been forced on the country.
The Governor yesterday evening took
steps to block this programme. He is
sued a proclamation proroguing the
Council and another convening it to
meet to-day at 2 o'clock. At the same
time he issued a manifesto declaring
that with concurrence and under the In
structions of Mr. Chamberlain, he
would by this step be enabled to re
introduce the tariff bill and carry it
through, taking such steps as are nec
essary, and as he is authorized by the
constitution to take, to secure that ob
ject.
This means just what was forecasted
on reliable information in the dispatch
of February 21 and toward which the
Government has been working— that is,
the numerical increase of the official
side so as to outvote the electives and
force Government measures against
which the representatives are unani
mous.
The tariff bill thus passed, a crown
colony bill is expected to follow, to be
similarly forced through. To meet this
crisis, it is this morning reported, it
was at a private meeting of the repre
sentatives last night unanimously de
cided that if the Government brings in
new official members an<J declines to
withdraw the new tariff- altogether,
they will resign their seats in a body,
thus compelling an appeal to the voters.
Freight Train Wrecked.
SACRAMENTO, March 29.— A special
freight train of seven cars was wrecked
near Auburn to-night by one of the cars
jumping the track. Conductor Cooper wa»
slightly and a brakeman named Saunders
seriously injured.
IMPORTANT
INFORMATION
The Secret of
A Peculiar and
Wonderful Power.
WHY SUCH GREAT
AND MARVELOUS RESULTS
HAVE BEEN ACCOMPLISHED.
A question that has been puzzling the
minds of not only the laity, but scien-
tific physicians as well, is:
WHY HAS HUDYAN SUCH WON-
DERFUL CURATIVE POWERS?
The question is readily explained by
this fact: Hudyan goes to the bottom
of the disease and exerts its curative
influence there.
Many remedies relieve symptoms
only. When we take into consideration
that different maladies present similar
symptoms, we can easily understand
that such remedies do not cure. The
great Hudyan is unlike such remedies,
for it seeks out the cause of your symp-
toms.
Hudyan contains curative powers pe-
culiar to itself. Organic and functional
diseases readily yield to Hudyans in-
fluence.
Every man or woman who is reduced
in strength will find a powerful restor-
ative in Hudyan.
Hudyan corrects the faults of diges-
tion and gives healthful activity to the
liver and kidneys.
Those persons who suffer from Head-
ache, Dizzy Spells. Poor Memory,
Sleeplessness, Irritability of Temper,
Melancholy and other symptoms due
to a worn-out nervous system, will find
immediate relief in Hudyan.
Hudyan is an invaluable remedy for
Constipation, Biliousness, Torpid Liver,
Pain in Stomach. Shortness of Breath,
Palpitation of Heart, Coated Tongue,
etc.
Hudyan reconstructs broken-down
tissues. It attacks impure germs that
gather in the blood, and by stimulating
certain organs to proper activity it
drives these impurities from the sys-
tem.
Hudyan makes pure, rich blood, from
which come both mental and bodily
strength.
HUDYAN CURES ALL DISEASES
OF TH r ] STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEYS, NERVOUS SYSTEM, BLOOD.
This great remedy is sold by drug-
gists, or will be sent direct upon re-
ceipt of price; 50c a package, or six
packages for $2 50. Call or write the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Doctors Free.
i WALL OR WRITE.
34
COLD FIND IN THE
CITY OF VICTORIA
Paying Quartz Ledge on
I the Seashore.
MINER'S FORTUNATE OUTING
■'I DISCOVERY MADE WHILE WITH
*\ ■ A PICNIC PARTY.
'Permits Granted for the Development
. • .' of a Claim on the Beach,
in Beacon Hill
Park.
Fp»c!al. Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. March — Development
work has been begun on a promising
quartz mine on the seashore in Beacon
Hill Park, the public recreation ground.
Assays made at the Government assay
office- of the ore. taken from the olty
. mine give $32 to the ton in gold and $4
In silver. . The mine was discovered by
Ben H. Bowerman, an old prospector,
while pickhickihg with a party of la
dies. After luncheon he went down on
the shore to -smoke, and as soon as he
Eet.foot on the slaty rock its appear
ance told the old miner that beneath
there was gold.
Y. Bowerrmh kept his counsel and con
', tir.ued:" pk-taiickinar. The next day he
* went with- anqi her miner, Gideon Ge
row, a"nd 'investigated his LA vein
-was found' running from east to west.
No time was lost in locating, and rep
resentations were made to the City
Coiinlul for the necessary permits for
development work. The corporation
shelved "the miners' application on the
ground; tftal it had no jurisdiction. The
Dominion. 'Government, which was ap
plied' to, did likewise. Application for
permission .to record the property was
then .made 'to the provincial Govern
ment and, a Week ago Attorney General
Martin'gave\ the necessary permits.
The woTk of sinking a shaft was be- j
gun at. once. The shaft is being sunk i
about- twenty, feet above high water,:
and if the mine equals the expectations
of its owners, .tunnels will be drifted
under the waves, for the property runs ■
about 1000 feet out into the sea. A j
wharf will be erected and ore shipped
from the mine direct to Tacoma to be
ted.
A Spokane mining man who inspect
ed the property to-day 'said that from j
the surface showings the mine would j
undoubtedly turn out ■■■-■■:{. The pay
streak frrnn which the ore, which went
f-32 in gold to the ten, was taken seem
ed to be a wide one and outside the j
walls of the "vein the rock was low j
grade mineral., running about $3 or $4 j
to the ton.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Orders for Discharge of Enlisted Men.
One Without Honor.
WASHINGTON. March 29.— 8y direc
tion of the Assistant Secretary of War,
Commissary Sergeant J- Augustus Thil
rnan. Fort. Yatcs; is transferred to Seat
tle. Wash. 'He will be sent to that place
and upon arrival there win report to
Captain W. R. Abererombie, Second'
United States infantry, for duty in
Alaska. .
The following enlisted men will be-dis
charged from the service erf the United
States by the commanding officers of
their respective stations: Private Ben
jamin J. Smith. Presidio of San Fran
cisco;' Private~vV'llh'am J. York, Company
F. Twenty-third United States Infantry.
Manila; Private jJV?.?t«r C. Basket, Hos
pital Corps. suppo.--_a to be at the Presi
dio of San Francisco, having enlisted un
der' false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
United States on receipt of this order by
-tb, < :-. commanding officer .of his' station. r. -
'.P'Spsi 0 !' 13 have been granted as follows:
California— Original; John Mackie, San
Francisco, J6. Reissue and • Increase:
Francis C. Clark, Monterey. JS to $10.
Original wMows. special Maren 20: Eliz
abeth I. Fake. Sari Franci.-co, $20.
.Oregon— l ncr<=-aft: Edgar Cox, Wil-
Hams. Pi to ?12.
MEN WORK ALL NIGHT
TO SAVE THE LEVEES
Town of Nicplaus Menaced by the .
V. ' • High Water in the Sacra
mento River.
XICOLAUS. ilarch 25.— Nicolaus has |
just passed through the worst flood ever
Known at this' place. The river was three
inches higher than ever before. The citi
zens turned out en masse' and worked or« !
the leveev The women- remained up !
nights and made coffee and carried it to
the men at work. Some men worked
forty-. • hours straight. Xicolaus 1* j
situated on a- curve in Feather River. '
.T-he.riOrth wind on Sunday and tremen- :
.yjfjus" current .had 'a straight shoot for j
;a-'r>out' a-mi!e. The levee was caving just;
rjjelow "town and had the river gon«»
: through it would have changed its chan- ;
. nel. following thfl tule bottoms an« ,
emptying Into th<^ Sacramento River Just i
Above Sacramento. . at the mouth of
American "River.' The bed of the river Is !
high': than thf. tulr-. lands, being filled
by sand. YV-rnon would have been left
on an island.
SANTA : I ianta Cru»
I me it la In
JESSE WALTERS BETTER.
will Be Able to Appear for Trial at
the Date Set.
SUISUN. March 29. -Jesse . Walters,
■who Is accused of the murder of Alfred
Cook in Xapa County, is recovering from
the effects of the operation nn his leg |
and It Is now certain he will be able to
appear at his tria! on May 10. Since the |
pain that for wfeks followed the surgical
"operation which was " performed to re
move the bullet fram his If-)? has abated .
considerably. Waiters maintains a cheer
ful attitude. The trunk containing the '
effects of the murdered man is in pos- |
session of Sheriff Dunlap/ The nature of
the contents and their bearing on the
.case are not known.
SUICIDE AT SAN JOSE.
••; BAN JOSE. March 20.— A lodger, at the
- Norwood House whose name, from pa
pers found i-n his trunk. is supposed to j
• ; be John Btrawt>ridg< Taylor, committed'
suicide in his room this afternoon by
• shooting himself in the mouth with a
. '•pistol. The buljet entered the brain and :
he died irr naif an lour. . He was with? !
out money. a-nd nothing is .known of him
in this ciiy. He was about 40 years of
' age, five feet eignt inches *n-- height,
.slightly bald, v.'ith E;'.ndy lewhiskers,
and wore a neat -black b«lu.
Forger Bobbins Sentenced.
»" = = MARTINEZ, .March 29.— Robbing, a
man with mar.. .aliases, who was arrest
ed" in Visalia', pleaded guilty in the Supe
rior Court to-day and was sentenced to
three and one-half years in San Quentin
for. forgery. He has been passing bogus
checks in many parts of the State. Sheriff :
Veale took the prisoner to the Peni
„' tentiary this aftcreoon. At one time Rob
bins had a scheme on fo.ot -to purchase
s the 'Eagle Bird mine at Nevada City.
Torpedo-Boat Rowan Damaged
SEATTLE. March 29.— The Times says
the United States torpedo boat Rowan,
now at Port Orchard naVal statibn, has
been badly damaged .by inexperienced
harAUng'oT her engines, The nature and
extent of the injuries are not piven.
.■ ♦ ■
'» Cleveland Cycles sell' for J4O and $50. •
EAGAN CURSED VOLUNTEERS
AND WOULD HAVE FORCED
THEM TO ACCEPT BAD BEEF
r WASHINGTON. March 29.— The |
: \ A / Array Beef Court of Inquiry
1/ I / had former Commissary Gen- |
U y era! Eagan before it to-day on I
recall, and also heard the testi
mony of Rear Admiral Stewart
and Paymaster Colby of the navy and
Major Black and Captain Pomeroy, vol
unteer officers, who were engaged in the
commissary service at Ponce during Gen
eral Milts' Porto Rican campaign.
•General Kagan's testimony was not
startling. He stated that Messrs. Ar
| mour & Co. had put in a bid to supply \
| beef to be preserved by a process of theiv I
J own, but that he had not considered it. !
There was an apparent effort on the j
part of Major Lee, representing General j
Miles, to show that Senator Hanna had
sought to influence the contracts, but
General Eagan asserted that he did not
know the Senator.
Captain Pomeroy stated that of 21,000
pounds of beef receipted for at Ponce,
Porto Rico, 6000 pounds had been con
demned.
Major Black told of a conversation with
General Eagan in regard to the refrig
erated beef, in which he quoted the latter
' as saying with an oath that he would
have compelled the men to take the beef.
Rear Admiral Edwin Stewart was the first j
witness. He stated that canned rcast beef was
j one of the articles of food' used by the navy,
and explained in detail the careful inspection
; that .-..- demanded by the department regula
j tions. Occasionally the beef, when delivered,
! would be found to be unsatisfactory, and it
| would then be rejected. He stated the aver
age purchases of food of this character for the
' nary to be 500,000 pounds per year, '.he pur- 
chases being reade through the New York
representatives of Armour & Co., Nelson Morris
& Co. and other firms. The canned beef Was a
portion of the regular navy ration and very
little of it was ever condemned.
Paymaster Henry G. Colburn, assistant chief
of the Bureau of Supplies of the Navy Depart
ment, also testified concerning the use of
canned roast beef in the navy. He stated that
where any questions arose as to the quality of
beef It was submitted to chemical analysis.
The navy had found that the canned beef kept
well at s«i. and in some cases it was held from j
year to year.
Major John D. Blark, who was chief com- j
missary on General Miles' staff during the j
Porto- Rican campaign, was asked by Major |
L»ee to detail a conversation he had with Gen- i
eral Eagan. at that time commissary general. j
after hi« < Black's) return to Washington last i
fall. The statement he made proved to be a
somewhat sensational one.
'•I called upon General Eagan." Major Black
began by saying, "to confer with him concern
ing the conduct of our affairs at Ponce. He
asked me why the refrigerator beef was r.ot j
Issued at Ponce, and I replied that it was be-- !
cause the issue commissaries did net want it.
as they were getting native beef. Thereupon
General Eagan became very much excited and
exclaimed: ' them, they'have no right
to refuse it. I consider it the best beef in the
United States, and them, I'd have j
made them take it.' "
Captain Fred H. Pomeroy. also ft! vol
unteer subsistence department, who was for a
time Major Black's assistant in Ponce.' related
the particulars of the return of the Manitoba
to Ponce after visiting other departments. He
was at that time depot commissary, sr.d dur- j
Ing the stay he ha receipted for 21.000 pounds. |
of which 6<XK) pounds was destroyed. Much of I
the beef was covered with a greenish film. !
but some of the men at' it each meal. Sti!l t
they .generally complained of the beef. Much j
of it was found to be tainted, decomposed and i
spoiled. The beef in this condition was con
demned or buried or thrown into the harbor I
GENERAL FLAGLER
CALLED TO REST
Death of the Chief of Ordnarjce
of the United States
fJrnny.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., March 2?.— Brigadier General D. W. Flagler,
of ordnance. D. S. A., after many weeks of Buffering from
rheumatism, which | ped acute and distressing p
passed away this afternoon at the Hygeia Hot^l at Old Point The
general's wife And daughter wore constantly at his bedside during the
past week. He fame fa weeks ago on the advice of his physicians,
body will be prepared for burial ard removed to Washington to-mor
row afternoon.
:al Flakier Avas born in New York and was appointed to th«
Military Academy from that State July 1, 185*5. He was graduated No. E
in the class of 1861 and was appointed second lieutenant of ordnance.
He served with credit through the Civil War. His earliest military ser
vice was in connection with the drilling of volunteers at Washington. D. C,
after which he acted as* aide-de-camp to Colonel Hunter in the Manassas
campaign, bein^ engaged in the first battle of* Bull Run. He was after
ward aide-de-camp to General McDowell in the defenses of Washington, D.
< '. He accompanied Genera! Burnside's expedition to North Carolina as
chief of ordnance and was engaged in the battle and capture of Roanoke
Island, also the attack on Newbern, N. C. : the capture of Fort Macon; the
Maryland campaign with the Army of the Potomac; in the battle of South
Mountain; battle of Antietam; battle of Chancellorsville. and the bat
t! ■ of Gettysburg. He was brevetted three times during the war as cap-,
tain, major and lieutenant colonel.
In the West he served at Fort Union Arsena' X. M., and San Antonio,
Tex. He reached the grade of lieutenant colonei in 1890. While in com
mand of Watertown arsenal in 1891 he was promoted to brigadier general
and has since served In that capacity- 4
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
at night. At this time fresh native beef -was
being received on th? hoof, and at many points
Inland native beef is. Captain Pomeroy said,
still being delivered.
The afternoon session began with General
Charles I* Eagan, late commissary general at
the United States army, on . the stand. He
was recalled to take cognizance of points which
have developed since he gave his first testi
mony. General Eagan said that he had had
conversations with the representatives of Swift
&■ Co. prior to the letting of the beef con
tracts, but as he had also talked with others
on the same subject he could not recall the
details of his remarks. He remembered that
Mr. Swift had taken exception to some of the
terms of the first ' draft of the contract as
being very harsh. Explaining his plans In gen
eral. General Eagan said it was his first in
tention to take refrigerator beef, tnen In case
of failure to take beef on the block and last
for the Government to have its own herd.
Everybody, he thought, understood that his
preference was for the refrigerator beef. Swift
& Co. being the lowest bidders for the refriger
ator beef, natura-v received the award of the
contract. Referring' to the term? of the con
tract. General Eagan said that the matt of
supplying the army with beef was considered
from the beginning a very serious problem. He
had first thought of having ships ply .-.-. and
down the Cuban shore, and it was with this
In view that he decided to ask for bee' that
would keep seventy-two iKsurs. - He. had also
felt that mere would be difficulty, in landing
at Santiago. His principal reason ft>r insert-
Ing the clause stipulating that the beef should
be good twenty-four hours after leaving the
refrigerator ivas that he did not wish the
troops to know that the -contract called for
beef that would keep severity-two hours for
fear that it would no; keep so long.
When cross-examinr.ed by Major L>>. General
Eagan said he exercised his own discretion in
the letting- cf contracts without suggestions
from the Secretars' of War. When the lowest
bid was ascertained he had been in the. habit
of making an abstract of the fact and submit
ting it to the Secretary, just as when he was
a commissary in the army he would furnish
such an abstract to his commanding officer.
The general mid thai in providing for the sol
diers In the tropics he had acted upon his ex
perience at Fort Mojave, Arizona. He was con
vinced from this experience that beef cooked
before the animal heat was out of it was
positively injurious. He recalled his conversa
tion with Mr. Gardner. Of the firm of Swift &
Co.. who, he said, had assured him that with
proper tare refrigerator beef would keep sev
enty-two hours. He was. however, doubtful of
the" care the array would give it if it was
known the beef would keep seventy-two
hours, hence his agreement to the insertion Of
the twenty-four hour clause.
"Did you understand it was to keep In good
condition twenty-four hours after being taken
from live ship refrigerator?" asked Major Lee.
"Yes, • sir, that was . the understanding,"
General Eagan responded, promptly. Here he
again referred to tne twenty-four hour clause,
explaining that his whole idea was that there
should be a seventy-two' hour time limit,
though the contract should state it at twenty
four. The retention bo strongly of the seventy
two hours idea in tils mind explained his for
getfulness of the twenty-four clause in giving
his testimony on a, previous occasion and his
statement then that its insertion was -a. clerical
error. Major Lee asked the general if he
thought it perfectly feasible to keep refrigera
tor beef for even twenty-four hours after leav
ing the refrigerator, and he replied in the af
firmative.
•"But not," he said, "if left in the open sun
or dumped in dirty carts, as it was in some in
stances."
General Eagan said he had secured the opin
ion of the surgeon general that refrigerator beef
was most acceptable. He had never had any
idea that the troops could be better supplied
by giving them beef on the loot. He had no
recollection that the Secretary of War had sug
gested to him that the refrigerator beef should
be taken from Armour of Swift merely as ■ a
trial, being convinced of its superiority over
all other beef.
"The Secretary gave me a free hand," he
said. "He approved my award of the contract,
and there-was no further conference with him
or instructions from him on the beef subject."
Referring to General Westoa'l report i.ii the
trial of the Powell process for preserving beef
made in Florida, General Eagan said a report
had been received on this subject from General
Weston, but that he (Eagan) had not known of |
its purport until long after the contract was let
to Swift & Co. He recalled a letter he had
written to Alexander B. Powell, May 26. re
garding .-:.- process. He also stated that he
had heard that Powell had ! Induced Swift or
Armour to investigate the process, and some
of the bide-: proposed to use it. But he gave
the subject no attention.
* "For that matter," he continued, "there was j
a great deal of talk about the Powell and other i
processes about the department, but not on my ;
part, as I did not propose that any but the best
frozen beef, such as is used in, the best hotels,
should be eaten by the army."
"Do you recall," asked Major Lee, "being
present when a conversation took place con
cerning the letting of these contracts when
Senator Hanna was present?"
"I never spoke to Senator Banna in my life."
responded General Eagan, "and I don't think
I aid know him If he should step into the
room now."
"But." persisted Major Lee, ''were you ever
present where he was when the beef contracts
were discussed?"
"I recall." was the reply, "that the Secre
tary sent for" me on one occasion and asked
nit- about the contracts when there were two
other gentlemen present in the room with him
' I stated to him that the contracts ' ad already
been let and that nothing more could be done.
But if Senator Hanna was one of the men
prtsent, I was not aware, of the fact."
Explaining the purchases of the canned roast
beef. General Eagan said that during the en
tire war not to exceed twenty four days' ra
tlons all told of it for the entire army had
teen issued. It was only intended as a make
shift to be used when fresh moat could not
be secured
"Seme reports favorable to it and others un
favorable came to me concerning it." he ?Ald.
"There were some complaints and some com
mendations."
Continuing, he said that he had attributed
the objections to this food largely to the is- i
norance ar.d prejudice of the men. "which i
has," he said, "been the cause of the arjny's
refusing many wholesome articles of food."
Sickness among the troops had also doubt
less much to do in influencing the objections j
to this meat, according to the opinion of the
witness. General Eajran said he had had many
conversations with men professing to repre
sent the Texas cattle interests, who wanted to
furnish beef on the hoof, but he did not recall
expressing the opinion that beef on the hoof j
or on the block would be the best form In
which to pet meat for the army. It was per
fectly well understood at all times that he
preferred refrigerator beef He remembered !
that he had forbidden his office to one of these !
men cause of his persistence. He thought •
he had mentioned the Powell proposition to
preserve beef to some of the beef men, but
had only done so casually, and then only be
cause many of them thought the beef could
not be kept seventy-two hours. As for him- \
self, he would not touch the process, nor
would he have accepted any bid In which the |
bidder depended upon a process other than !
freezing or chilling the beef.
In this connection General Eagan said that
Armour & Co had put in a bid for "processed
beef," but it was not accepted, and he did
not remember the details concerning it. This
bid was made in the letting of the contracts
for beef for Cuba and Porto Rico. He knew
nothing of the secret of .the procesi and had
given the matter no "attention. '
"I derided to give the contract to the lowest
responsible bidder and stopped at that," be
paid. "I took r.o interest whatever in the
FUbjeot of the process." he repeated. He :
thought the bid could be obtained at the com
missary general's office and recommended that
it be procured for the exact facts.
The witness said he had conversed with nei
ther General Miles nor General Shatter con
cerning the army rations, but that General
Brooke had made some recommendations con
cerning bacn in can?. With this. General
Eaean's testimony closed and the court ad
journed for the day with the understanding
that some witnesses in General Miles' behalf
would be beard to-morrow.
S. B. ARMOUR IS
CALLED BY DEATH
Succumbs to an Attack
of Pneumonia.
Serial Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., March 29— S. B.
Armour, h»>ad of the local par-kin??
hnusp of Armour & Co., and brother of
P. D. Armour of Chicago, died at his
home here at 9:30 this morning- of
pneumonia. Mr. Armour had been ill
for two weeks. He had practically re
covered on Monday, but suffered a re
lapse yesterday.
Simeon Brooks Armour was born on a
farm in Madison County. N. V.. on Feb
ruary 1, 1828. He was bred to hard
work or the farm and lived there until
1870, when at thf request <>f his broth
er, Philip, he r-ome here to open a
branch of the 1 Chicago house. In the
fall of 1870 and the winter of IS7I, the'
firm of Plankinprton & Armour began j
business in a rented building. In the
Spring of 1871 the first building owned
by Plankington & Armour was built. It
is now a part of th<* big plant that
covers acres.
S. R Armour was married on June 21,
1856, to Mis? Margaret Klock of Oneida,
X. Y. They had no children.
Mr. Armour's most marked charac
teristics were a great insight into hu
man nature, great business tact and
shrewdness, economy, modesty and
simplicity of character and life and
great tenderness. Mr. Armour was
very active In all public affairs and did
much to enhance the city's worth. He
helped organize the New England Safe
Deposit and Trust Company of this city
in 1889 and act^d as one of its directors
up to the time of [t8 conversion last
year into theVN'ew England Bank, in
which concern he held the office of di
re -tur at the timo of his death.
No arrangements for the funeral have
yet ben made.
BIG GUN BURSTS AT
THE PROVING GROUND
NEW YORK, March 29.— At the Sandy
Hook proving grounds this 'afternoon one
of the 10-inch breech-loading riflrs. under
proof test, burst its breech, the block of
which, flying backward, killed Hear; v.
Murphy and injured Privates Harrigan
and Bo' mer, of the Ordnance Department.
It is thought that the injuries of the
wounded men are not serious. Captain
Babbit, in charge of the proving ground,
pay? that the accident was caused by ex
cessive pressure of the smokeless powder
charge. The gun. which burst at the
fourth round, was of the 1595 model. It
was totally dejtroyed and it partially
wrecked 'he barbette carriage on which ft
was mounted.
Advances made on furniture and planoi, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 10X7-1023 Mission.
UPSETS WERE
NUMEROUS OVER
AT OAKLAND
Tony Licalzi Fools the
Talent.
DEFEATS THREE FAST ONES
CROSSMOLINA IN FRONT AT
30 TO 1.
But Two Choices Won Purses — Race
bud Leaves the Maiden Class.
Silver Tail Proves a
Surprise.
There wns many an upset in the racing
frame at Oakland yesterday. The books
laid close prices, and the majority of
"breaks' yen all in their favor. The
fields were commonplace, and bur two
favorites crossed the wire In front.
The sport began with a five furlong
sprint, for which sixteen maiden three
year-olds faced the barrier. Racebud,
with Thorpe up and favorite in the bet
ting-, led from the start, beating Somls
out throe 1< ngths.
Solace, the Burns & Watefhouse entry.
w.,s picked to win the three- and a ha!:
furlong dash for two-year-olds that fol
low, il. but was hersoif oat at the post in
breakaways, and In ;t hard drive
was downed a. nose by Silver Tail, the
Baldwin entry, a 10 to 1 chance. Rachael
C took show honors.
A very poor lot of platers lined up in
the mile and a sixteenth selling run.
Glengraber with Sntdtr up closed favorite,
and could not untrack himself. In a
driving finish Ruiz landed Faversham
first, a nose in front of Annowan.
Ed Corrlgan's filly, Alary's Garter, en
|oyed the honors of favoritism for the
second two-yetar-old number, and with
; in the saddle, was never headed.
Driving: hard. Bamboulia secured the
;rom Tanobo by a nose.
The final between Tony I.lcalzi. Moringa
and Peixotto in the six furlong spin fifth
on the card was an extremely clos«
--the trio finishing short heads apart in
the order named. Peixotto ruled favorite
and should have won. The winner was
adroitly handled by Johnny Reiff.
The closing seven furlong selling affair
fell to the 00 to ] shot Crossmollna. Well
ridden by Joe Weber the outsider finished
gamely. * earning the derision by half a
length' from Limewater, the second
choice. The favorite, Lavator, ran
fourth.
Track Notes.
The Board of Stewards of the Califor
nia Jockey Club will meet this evenir.p.
Tommy Butler, the well-known light
weleht ridpr. ha? signed to ride. for Burns
& waterhouse, and at to-nighfs meeting
of the stewards will probably be r«-stored
to all track privileges. Tommy has im
proved wonderfully in his saddle work,
and it would not be surprising if he should
a sensation in the eastern country.
From later advices it would appear that
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Wednesday. March 29. 1899.—Sixty
eighth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Cluh.
Weather fine. Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
nnn FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-o'.as; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.
Weigt ■
Km.
. Vim.
%m
Str.
Fin.
, isei
,Op.
M 2 Racebud 108 1
842 Somis .• 109 3
... Ed Lanigan 114 3
574 Ear! Islington 115 6
859 Gin Sling 10fl ; 2
S6O Florence Fink ... IOTj 7
$65- Limatus 107, 8
533 Peach Blossom 103j 9
... Sylvan Lass 107; 13
559- li odora 107
353 Crutch 109 i 4
710 Noma IOTjIO
879 Gold Garter I'M ill
... Dicky Bird 112116
859 Ora Copa 109,15
$79 Gold Baron .... . . . ,109'H
1 1W
10 4
12 !
11 4
1 2
14
13 4
15
16
II 3 Thorpe *..' 3
2 5 Ruiz 1 20
3 h Piggott 4
42< G. Wi150n..... s;
5 n \V. Narvaez.. 4
I 1" 'Gray 3
7,1-; Mounce 15
S H Hyiand .... 20
9 1 Romero '23
10 1 Macklin 10
11 2 Robertson ... 100
12 Holmes 4
13 Harris 20
14 jHennessy .... 100
15 jCole 100
16 -'Fallehy I 20
I
4
15
C
6
15
25
50
12
30
J
100
100
20
Time— '-13: *». -31\: H. 1:03. Winner. S. T. Sttne'e b. f. by Racine-Rosebud. Poor
start. Won first three driving. »
Racebud was fortunate in getting: a swell start. Semis gave her a hard rub. Florence
Fink was good, but "'copper" Gray. Ed Lanigan a supposed good thing.
Scratched— Alhaia 107.
:
Q| SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse,
*7I« $350. . - '
ndex. Horse. Weight St.
815 BHvertall 115 3
Ssfi .".re .....11* 1
880 Rachel C 110 6
SSS rbo , 115 ■*
850 Sisquoc " — 11 s 5
S4R lalia 110 7
SSO Florentia 115 S
SIT Rose of Kilo 115 2
Hone.
Weight
-
'im.
'iin.
4m.
4m.
2 i^'
1 1
( I
3 >
5 1
7 4
B
4 2 ■
\m. Str.
Str.
2 h
1 4
3 1
4 2
5 3
6 2
7
8
I I Bettl:
Fin. I Jockeys. ,Op.
1 ns Mark! in 3
2 \ Thorpe 6-3
3 4 J. Daly 10
4 2 iHennessy .. . . ' ' 6
5 4 jPigpott •.=;
6 3 I. Powell 10
7 Jones ; 5
S fo. Wilson.... ! 40 -
Fin.
1 3-lfi, :19; T-16. :44. Winner, G. W. Baldwin's rh. g. by Emperor of-Xor-
folk-SeTen Up. Good Ftart. Won first three driving.
. ■ ran h»r race in falsp breaks ••■ ■ Sllvertall showed rl f nty of gameness.
Ra-h«! '" pnunis thf beet. J^nes. r>n Florentia, .«how*»il no inclination to leave the post.
Scratched— Kolena 116.
■9
irse.
..._..-- I Belting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Ptd. Mm. %m. *im. Str. Fin. j. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
*«« Faversham 106 3 ... 5 3 4*i 4 H 5 1 Ins Ruiz 6 5
(S2S) Annowan i" 8 ... " 4 " M 62 4i, 23 Jenkins ; 6' 6
859 Romany 103 4 ... 3ii 32 22 2 '--, 3h McKichols ... 6 10
8* Peter Weber 108 7 ... 2 4 2 2 11 1% 44 W.-See 3 9-2
885 Xaplan 108 2 ... 4 2 5^ 5h t\i 52 iThorpe 4 5
804 Gilbert 106 1 ... 62 *8 8 7 3 7 6 3 Macklin 110 20
85S The Wooer 105 6 ... 12 1^.31 6 7 v |E. Jones.:.... | 4"^ 8^
(lengaber 110 5 ... 9 3 9 9 8h Snider ' 4 3
BSI Dunpralse .109 9 ■■■ 84 6*4 84 S 9 [Holmes | 8- 10
Time HI :07: 5-16, :31; 9-16. ss! 13-16. 1:24; mile, 1:45; 1 l-16m. .1:51^, Winner. William
Lyons' blk. c. by imp. Uuncombe-imp. Victress. Good' start. Won first three driving.
With a fair start Annowan would have rolled in. Peter Weber poorly ridden. Glen-
gaber sulked at the odds. «. o- .-:• \
ndtx. Horn.
I
Weight. St. Ftd. >»m.
%m.
*im. Str.
Fin.
rjrvQ F<">T'RTH RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden two-yea r-olds: purse
Horff.
I
Weight. |St.
Km.
! *m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Bet
|Op.
F'2 Alary's Garter 115 1 ... ... 12 13 14 Pice •• ,-,-, 1
850 Bamboulia 118 : 2 ... ... 2 3 2XH 2ns Hennery .... 3 8-5
850 Tanobe 115 6 ...... 5 3 4! 3 1 I. Towell 3 10
86S Fannie -Mills 110 5 ... ... 4 2 s'* 4*4 Macklln 10 13
817 Tom Sharkey 115 7 72 6 5 1 McNlchols ... 15 15
SSO Yoloco 11? ' 3 ... ... 8 1 : 6»i G. Wilson 40 100
7^9 La Amiga 115 9 ... ... 9 - 7 2 J. Power 20 20
S6S Flush of Gold 115 8 ... ... 8 3 8 84- CT>le ' 12 . 8
SSO Halifax 115: 4 3\j 5 2 _9^ Ruiz |15 30
Time— l-16, :07U: 3-16. :18^: 7-16. :43Vi- Winner. J. Carrol's eh. f. by imp. Golden
Garter-Alary. Good Ftart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Garter would not work In private, but won easily. Tanobe was away poorly. Flush of
Gold was well supported. Cole is a bad reinsman.
Scratched Champion Rose 110.
; purse,
:. Horse. Ag». W(
St.
I
i 4 m.
3 X
2 M
i %
4
4m.
%m.
4
2 '..
1 Vi
3 2
Str.
4
2 X
I X
3 1
Str.
Fin.
Fin. j Jockeys'. ' i
1 ns J. Reiff I
2ns Dev-in I
3 2 (Jray !
• Weber....!
Betting.
Op. CI.
(536) Tony Licalzl, 4 95
(87.1) M^ringa. 4 100
62R Peixotto. S 98
S>36 Mldlight. 5.. 96
4
3-2
3
5-
Time—^4. :25; U, :50; %, l:15 l *. Winner, S. N. Holman & Co.'s eh. g. by Hornptpe-
Foster. Good start. T\'on first three driving.
Throw this race out. Peixotto could have walked in. MlJllght is of little acc<
just at present.
Qff SIXTH RACK— Seven furlongs; selling: three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Una.
H«n-
%m.
Str.
Fin.
fCI CroFsmolina 95j 4
87.") Llmewater
S2O firaibee Vfl 8
(78S) I.avator I
547 Jennie Reid lOC 2
565 Casriaie 106 3
573 Strom<i 1081 1
566 Ocorona re. 7
543 Whalehack 1121 9
• 44.
7 3-
-8 2
6 1
3 h .
2 4
. 1 4
6 h
9
5 3
6 h
8 4.
2 2
: 3ii
4 1.
' 1 h
7 3
9
4 h
6 -
2 1*
3 h
I I
1 h
8 4
9
Il s Joe Weber... J
2 2 Holmes
3 ; j J Reiff
*Ms jPowell
5 4 I Jones I
6 >2 'Macklin
7 2 Thorpe
R 3 Romero
9 jHennessy
1 15 23
6-2 16-5
' 53 100
S-5 9-5
I 6 " 4
10 20
• 8 i'r.s
30 30
« 10
Time— H; :13*i; %. :38; %. 1:03: "4,. 1:99 V -Winner, F. J. Klttleman's br fhv \pache~
Play Toy. Good start. Won first three driving. lm . an 8 6r - f * hy A P ac he-
Limewater. was pounds the, best. He was hopelessly pocketed half wav th,,,i.h ♦»,«
r P^d. J^ n afe b R a e cL d IS ?eT .^ WaB P^ete^^
Scratched— Rainier 97, Charmante 100. .
Our ■Climate and Schiller are the only
ones saved from the burning wreck of
Dan Honlg-'s horsecar in Southern Califor
nia. Both of the horses mentioned Jumped
from the car without suffering Injury.
Schiller is still roaming on the desert, but
Our Climate was caught. The stable
hands claim that no- bell cord passed
through the car, and that the fire was
burning fully fifteen minutes before the
train could be stopped.
Burns & Waterhouse yesterday pur
chased Dr. Sheppard of Fred Foster.
Terms private.
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman took .4.
long, hard fall out of Peixotto, and in this
particular instance was followed by Joe
Rose. Only a day or two ago, it is
claimed from reliable sources, the sprint
er worked six furlongs in 1:15 flat with 120
pounds on his back. Strangely enough
though, yesterday his owner did not par
ticularly fancy the animal's chances. He
was ridden by Charley Gray. Columns
have been written about Gray's honesty,
yet it is remarkable what liberties certain
bookmakers take with some of his
mounts. Dr. Rowell once tried to look
after Gray's Interests, but the doctor ear
ly became disinterested. For what reason
was never made known.
Another jockey' that is handled with un
dressed kid gloves is Ivy Powell: If he
loses— so and so had him, the gossips say.
Ask "so and so" what he did to that race,
and the penciler will say. "Lose $860 to
it." Powell is an air-tight, unassuming
little fellow, rides few winners, dresses
well, always has natty looking "tackle"
and is probably misjudged. He is a young
hand at the business, and no doubt many
of his hard luck "cut-offs" on short
priced horses are due to lack of judgment,
He- can ride a swell race on an outsider,
and in time track nervousness will wear
off and he will do equally well on favor
ites.
The Corrigan people are badly fooled
over the performance of Alary's Garter.
Over at Ingleside a few days ago the filly
was beaten out during- a workout in a
gallop by a maiden two-year-old, and she
was sent over to Oakland for the native
sons to bet on, the smart money going in
on Ramboulia.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
763 Melkarth 104 709 Polish 11l
SS4 Roadrunner ....108 SOI Polaski 108
567 Gov. Sheehan...lU 732 Defender 108
SIS Henry C 107 726 Jerilderlo 11l
7.''. Graclas 102 887 Niihau 102
726 Sierra Blanco. . .104 572 Bliss Rucker. . . . 107
855 Greyhurst l.i 872 Schnitz 116
572 The Last 107! ... Seven Up MM
Second — Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
865 Heigh Ho 107 B*4 February 106
884 Montallade 113 SS4 Socialist 100
SS3 Jim 8r0wne11...107 564 Be Happy 114
889 Sly 118 757 Silver State 10«
878 Midas 111! 884 Rlcardo 113
878 Alicia Ill' (825)Kamsin 120
IS Harry Thoburn.loS l (S7l)Ruskin 109
569 Ringmaster 113! 255 Kaiser Ludwig.ll6
567 Don Fulano 1181
Third Race — and a sixteenth miles; three
'ear-olds and upward; selling.
870 The Fretter..... 911 870 Robert Bonner..lo3
869 Sir Urian SS 702 McPryor ........103
j."l Vincitor 115! Sl2 'NYatosFa 85
825 Magnus 99 87') Castake — 102
S72)Adam Andrew.. 106 1 "73 Beoamela . . IQ3
S9s)Crossmolina ....S3 883 Tom Calyert , 105
816 Rapido 103 r 881 Saintly .: ...'BS
Fourth Race— Four and a half furlongs: two
•ear-olds; General Arthur Stakes; $1250.
862 Lomond 115i(5S«)Loch Katrine. ..ll2
544 Kitty Kelly 1151 19) La Amiga ... 38
Fifth Race — One mile; free handicap.
(SS2)Cromwell 112; <S?S)Topmast .: 115
853 Recreation C 7 SO Rosormonde 101
581 Olinthus -104' S7B Frohman 87
773 Hohenzoilern ...104 ;
Sixth Race— One and an eighth miles; three
•ear-olds and upward: selling.
717 David Tenny 110: 875 llorlnel — 105
S4l Mlstleton 102; ESS Rev del Tierra..ll4
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Jertlderio. Gracias. Bliss Rucker.
Second Race— Montallade, February. Harry
rhoburn.
Third Race— Vincitor. Benamela, The Freiter.
Fourth Race— Kitty Kelly, Loch Katrine, Lo
mond.
Fi'-h Ra^-Frohman, Cromwell, Topmast.
Sixth Race-David Ttsnr.y. Morlael, Rey del
Tierra. , .
UNION COURSING PARK.
An Excellent Card Drawn for Satur-
day's Sport. " •
The draw for the open stake to be run
off at Union Park Saturday and Sunday
took place last nisht at Pythian" Castle.
A number of good hounds arc- on the card
and excellent sport will be afforded the
spectators. Trains will leave Third an<l
Townsend streets at the regular hours.
The following, is the result of the draw:
Open stake— J. O'Dowd's Scout vs. A.' Ma*
sey's Llghtfoot; E. Wilson's Magnet vs. •J.
Dean's Moondyne; O'Connell Bros.' -" Ellen
vs. Keller's Lady Gllmore; F. Moran's Golden
Russet vs. A. Johnson's Lissak; Russel & Wil
son's Lady Emma vs. J. O' Dowel's* Clffttfa
Las? : Lowe & Thompson's Jessamy vs. ."Derinis
4. Porter's Interesting; A. A. Duncans Rty&i
Chief vs. A. Massey's Had! wist; H. Lynch' a
Lottie M. vs. C. E. Clifford's White Rocket;.
J. O'Donnell's Las Palmas vs. Pasha Kennelsr'
Firm Friend; E. Baumeister's O'Grady vs. M
London's Bharkey; J. Hums' Eleven ' Spot vs.
H. A. Deckelman's Glen Ohio*;. Kay A Trant's
Crosspatch vs. Russel & Wilson's Lady Her
shel; J. Mah'ar's Soubrette vs. H. A: Deckel
man's Mira Monte; George Whitney's Tberon
vs. George H. Burfeind's Pastime: J. H. Har
rison's Hot Haste vs. Aeneid Kennels' Vsr.
Knapp: J. Mazzani's 800- Peep val T. E.
Mackledown's Rosebud; William Kramer's Th?
Devil vs. J. Thane's Thad Stevens; S.;Mc-
Collough's Flashing -Lass vs. Larkey & Rock>
Minerva; A. J. Canerial's High Fly vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Prince Hal; Yosemlte Kennels'
Beauty Spot vs. Kay & Trant's Eclipse; F.
Moran's Snapshot vs. George Sharman's Miss
Skyrocket; Captain Clarkson's Conqueror V 3.
i Pasha Kennels' Em!n Pasha; J. Seggerson'B
Gold Hill vs. F. Moran's Bit o - Fashion; B.
M. Kellog's Tummer vs. S. E. Portal's Galla
gher; George H. Burfeind's • Royal Prize vs.
S. K. Portal's Bonnie Scotland; Belmont Ken
nels' Belni'int Boy vs. James O'Brien's States
man: Handy & Smith's Jennie .Wilson vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Flyaway; Larkey & Rock
Myrtle vs. At-neid Kennels' Maid of Erin; J.
J. Ktman's Morning Glory vs. Handy . &
Smith's Victor; J. Seggerson's Candaleria vs.
W. F. Hobbs' Mercy May; William Kramer's
Jessie Moore vs. George W. Hanks' Handsom*
Fortune; Yosemite Kennels' Wild .Lassie vs.
H. A. Deckelman's Rocket; Milo Kennels Miss
Richmond vs. Hurley & Reilly's Master Mat;
J. Robertson's Cliffdale vs. Pasha Kennels'
Sylvia; Milo Kennels' Victor King vs E. &
R. Scott's Lord Byron: E. W. Heintz' . Van
Doric .vs. Hurley at Reilly's Expense; Ham
mond Bros.' Log Boy vs. William "Kramer's
Jersey Lily; A. and B. Kennels' Pretender vs.
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; J. Burns' Olympiis
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs: Handy ■&
Smiths Ida vs. Pasha Kennels' Miller's Rabbi;
Handy & Smith's Petronius vs. F. A. M. -
Coomb's Royal Flush; J. Dean's Gladiator vs..
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen; Yosemite Ken
nels' Lamplighter vs. J. Keenan's Royal Buck:
S. McCollough's Flashlight vs. H. A. Deckel
mac's Lawrence; J. Keenan's Fear Kot-'vs.
Milo Kennels' Miss Rabbit; H. List's M»t:o
Maid vs. Palmer Bros.' Mammle Pleasant r-T.
Butler's Susie vs. H. Webber's Montana; . T.
A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott .vs. F. Moran's
False Flatterer. -:.-
ADVHRTISEMEirrS. J --
THE OLD RELIABLE |)
SPECIALISTS
FOR MEN!
DR. MEYERS & CO. .
PREMATURE DECAY, '
UNNATURAL LOSSES, I
WASTING DRAINS, . -
NERVOUS DEBILITY, I
LOSS OF AMBITION, . ■■'
SLEEPLESSNESS,
CONSTIPATION, II
CONTAGIOUS AILMENTS,
VARICOCELE, RUPTURE, I
BLOOD POISON, -, ||
CHRONIC DISEAmES. I
DR. METERS <fc CO. ha\e been cur- ■
ingr these ailments for- more than 18 I
years. '.-•.':■-■>-.
DR. METERS & CO. have proved.the -•■• j i
superiority of their methods and rem- II
edies by restoring to health and. I
strength thousands of men annually.
DR. MEYERS & Co. do not resort" to I
electricity, other injurious stimulants'- I
or dangerous drugs. They deem If ||
■wiser and more just to cure their pa- I
tients permanently. . '••' "' -:V I
j NO PAY TILL CURED!
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE TREE. ;'. ..
Also their new' Private Counselor to ||
Men. and -Marriage Gufds. Office or
! DR. MEYERS
731 Market Street, '.
SAX FRAXCISCO. '■'. r|-j J
■ -. • ' .
EJTI Prepared fay
T 1 an original
Jpii method
lB||ip| that successfully' retains '
S^^^^^l only such properties of
Z3gSo£3 - Vialt aßd tt °P* that are
excels all other malt preparations in
parity and malt strength, and is a boo-
intoxicant ' Cores Nervous aad Stom-
ach Troubles. Quickens the appetite .
and invigorates. Remember -the fall '
name of this tonic. Your druggist
should have it. If he doesn't others do.
. Highest Awards at .
lnterriatioj»ajJExposUior>. ISBS.
Prepared by ■
VAL of this tonic. Your druggist
lould have it If he doesn't, others do.
Highest Awards at
Internationa^Expasition, 1898.
AL BLATZ Pa BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. V. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS, .
416 to 418 Sacramento .Street.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO NOT DESPAIR t DonotSur-.
fer Longer! The Joys aud ambition? o£
&irr t '^±£\ " rt< can c restored to you. The .very
BUT jSfla worstcas«sof XerToaa'Debtltty arc
aRO XOT cured PEKFK(:TO
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be re^oieJ to yon. The .very
vorai cases o' Ntriom I>pbllity ore
absolutely cured by PEKFEI'TO
*^- TABLETS. Give iTompfrelief tom-
US '^mtpm fomiiin. Jailing memory and 'the waste
JaT|J^^™y and drain of vital ; v ers. mcuured by
•■i -AiSSaK* Indiscretions or excesses** earl * years.
*-" r ■ impart Ti sror Jtnipotericy to every func-
tion. Brace up lit system. Give hioom to t(L£
cheek* and lustre to the eye- otA^«rr\younK,or'old. .
One box renews vital energy. pTIJJ -* boxes a,t--
«2. 40 a complete guaranteed en re or money re- •
funded. Can be carried in vest • pocket. JSoId •
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of .
Vice by THE PKHFLITO CO.. C««ou ISf'lp., Chlcij*; |M.~ •
Bold by Owl Prog Co.. S. T. and Oakland. "' •
q visit DR. JORDAN'S "*«
i O§L Museum of Anatomy I
Sil 1051 ST. let. 6th A S, F. CtL .;
■ TmTb Th * Largest of its Kind World. :'
\ssM,\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IJJWR1 JJWR R^ Cooioltstioa free. JTrtterorßMk. ,''.';•;
Hi Philiriofiiiy lit^MwYSgt.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD .
L Specialist cure* Private. Nervous, ufici Blood Di»- •'.
eases o/.Mea only.. Bo<>>v on Private XUseiisej« ahd *
Weaknesses of -Men. free, Qver 20y'r!>' experience.-
PatlentscuredAt Home. Terms reasonable. Hnun9 .
to3daiiy;S.3otoB:X) ev'gs. Sun<l.iys;iotol2. Consul* .
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address'
P. ROSH OK McXUIiTY. JM. O.
!i6 s Eeurny St., San Francisco. C«LSCHOOL BOARD AGAIN
WIELDS THE AX WITH
DEPRESSING EFFECT
Many More Teachers Decapitated
and Salaries of Others Receive
Slight Cuts.
DIRECTOR HEAD WAS VERY WARM
He Strongly Objected to the Will of the
Committee— Teachers to Be Tried for
Incompetency.
THE spirit of economy has again taken possession of the members
of the Board of Education, judging- by the manner in which they
decapitated teachers and reduced salaries. Teachers in the Mission
High and the Business Evening schools suffered the loss of their posi
tions and were placed on the waiting list, the vice principal of the Mis
sion High School lost her title and fhe various janitresses in the de
partment suffered a cut in their monthly pay.
An unusual amount of business was
transacted at the meeting of the
Board of Education last night. Im
• mediately after the reading of com
munications the board resolved itself in
to a committee of the whole and went
Into executive session. For an hour it
debated over a multitude of business and
on its return to the meeting room reso
lution, on resolution was put through
with great rapidity. Chairman Stow of
the committee :of the whole met a de
termined opponent in Director Head,
who was seconded by Director Gedge.
The latter two declined to enter into the
deliberations of the committee, well
knowing what the programme was.
"While their fellow members were in sea
sion Director Head was heard to say
that he know what they were going to
do in executive session and did not want
to bind himself to their decisions. Later
lie and Director Gedge aid enter the
closed doors, and on their advent at the
conclusion of the meeting it was appar
. Nt that both were dissatisfied with the
actions decided on by the majority of
the board.
Their dissatisfaction was not voiced un
til Chairman Stow came to that portion
of the committee's report bearing on the
reclassincation of the Mission High
School. Director Head asked that the
matter be explained, and President Ber
geron seeing that a quarrel was immi
nent, tried to smooth it over with his own
explanation.  , .
Chairman Stow heatedly replied that he
thought the whole matter had been dis
cussed during the executive session of
the committee if the whole.
Head answered that he knew nothing
about such a committee, and warmly
stated he had a right to make such a re
quest and have the matter explained. Di
rector Stow replied that he did not get
up to deny his right and answered the
question. Cm the vote being taken Direc
- tor Head asked to be excused from vot
ing It was carried unanimously.
The recommendation of the Committee
on. Lnitresses was then read, and Chair
man Stow moved that it be adopted.
Dirctor Head moved that it be referred
tp the proper committee.
The motion was seconded by Director
Gedse. Director Eells raised a point of
order which was not well taken. The
motion was lost by a vote of 6 to 6. Di
rector Head then moved that the report
be laid on the table, which was also lost.
Th« previous question was then voted on
?.nd the report was adopted. Director
Gedge then gave notice of reconsidera
tion and Chairman Stow said that such
an action would cause a loss of $334 ..<•
to the; department. The new schedule
■will notwithstanding the motion to recon-
Eider go Into effect on the Ist of April.
The board will on the evening of April
17 listen to the charges of incompetency
made against teachers by their respect
ive principals. Although It was not ex
pressly stated in the meeting, it is be
lieved that Miss Lydia J. Carroll, who
was reduced from the position of vice
principalship of the Mission High School,
and Mr. Kilpatrick will be tried. In the
event of such a trial some very spicy
testimony will be introduced. Further in
formation on this subject will be found in
the report of the board's proceedings,
•which follows:
The committee of the whole, at the re
quest of Chairman Stow, went into ex
ecutive session to consider the report of
: ■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
,__, £"**■ To be the
„- v ? '^lSl^Pl m° l h e ., r , of
V r & '-•'£&3 many children
I ' * t^^Wd^^i is ranked
\\ iiM.¥^Vl /3fi ara ? n f nature's
when " \h
*■ L, ' %'*&*. /) ■*-.$ 4 I cares of
-zk\ '" "a, &y e busy
f -&>, ~/ Jj housewife
~Y^ / are' added to the trials
\r~-^ / of freq-uent motherhood,
\<s: )/ ■ it is too great a burden
f<*\ • far a woman who is not in
V 4 "^ prime health and condition.
■p. Even,- woman who is called
upon to bear the ordeal of
bringing many children into
v the world needs the support
and reinforcement of that wonderful
strength - promoting "Favorite Prescrip-
tion " originated by Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief
consulting physician of the Invalids' Hotel
and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. V., and
one of the most eminent of living special-
ists in treating the ailments of women.
0 Mrs. David H. I.angley, of Lancing. Morgan
Oo.Tenn ; in a recent letter to Dr. Pierce, writes:
•'Tarn now thirty-sit years old and have given
birth to ten children. Eight only are living. I
hare twin boys six years old. The same spring
after they we're born I was confined to nty bed
- «:i ->ring and summer with female complaint;
jjo • it so badly I could hardly walk around the
house without feeling worse. I was restless at
nitrhf sleep almost left me. and I was almost a
Skeleton. I did not call my doctor as I had tried
the doctors twice before when -I was dowu with
the same trouble, and my husband paid out a
eTcat deal for me. I received no lasting benefit;
I had almost lost all hope of ever, being able to
do anything. My husband had to work very
hard and I could not even attend to the babies.
No one can know the distress of my mind as
veil as body Dr. Pierre's Favorice Prescription
was the only medicine that seemed to do me any
good. After I had taken the first bottle and
«art of the second. I could sleep well and alt mv
{roubles began to get better. I believe I took
eight bottles and then I felt like a different
person I trave birth to another baby and my
z old complaint came back. I began using; the
' "Favorite Prescription' and was soon relieved
and was able to do my work, including the
washing." ' . •
Mothers would be immensely helped in
raising their children strong: and healthy
, by the sound professional advice contained
in Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser. This thousand-page book will be
; sent free fo^Ol one-cent stamps to pay the
cost of mailing only. Address, World's
« Dispensary Med. Assn., Buffalo, N. V., or
•end "i stamps, for a cloth-bound copy.
. the secondary committee. On the recon-
I vening of the board the following repurt
| was unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That by reason of limited attend
ance, a. vice-principal Is not needed in the
Mission High School, said position is hereby
abolished; thnt Mr. Zimmerman and Mis
I Howard are hereby assigned to teach German
: and French respectively In the Mission High
j School, besides the schools where they now
teach, in accordance with an ast-ignment to
l>e made by the Superintendent, and without
additional pay.
Resolved, That whereas J. J. Gallagher nnd
Miss Mary L. Ragan, by reason of the aboli
tion of commercial studies in the Mission High
1 Bchool, have ceased to be teachers in said
school, the said J. J, Gallagher and said Miss
M.tv L.. Ragan are transferred ti- the un
asslffned list of high school teachers without
pay; that Miss Marchebout be and is hereby
; transferred to the (lids' HlKh School to teach
Latin and <;n-ok from and after th<> Ist of
April, 1<!9&; that the principal of Mission High
I f'i- and is hereby directed to reclasslfy
-chool and revise his schedule of work in
accordance with these and submit the same
:■ r aproval to the Superintendent.
Resolved, That there is need of only one
teacher of physics and chemistry in the Low
. ell High School, and whereas K. H. Mitchell
is the last teacher of said subjects appointed
to said school, that his services are hereby
| dispensed with and he is transferred to th«- un
! assigned list of high school teachers without
: pay after March 31, 1899; that 513 per month Le
allowed by this board and paid out on proper
requisitions of the funds of th* Supplies Com
mittee to the department of physics and chem
istry In the Lowell High School to purchase
' necessary chemicals and apparatus to be dls
i tribute! between the two departments as the
■■ principal may direct: that teachers against
whom charges of Incompetency have lx>en pre
ferred by principals !».• and they are hereby
suspended from the department without pay
i pending the investigation of said charges by
the board.
Chairman Stow of the committee of the
whole introduced a resolution providing
that the janitn-ss' services be paid at the
following rates: Five dollars per room
; up to ten rooms; after that, $4 5
room. The following schools were ac
cepted, some salaries being raised and
some lowered: Cliff, Franklin Day,
Girls' High, Horace Mann. Humboldt,
Hamilton. Irving M. Scott, Lincoln,
■ Polytechnic High. Washington, Whittier,
Rincon, Richmond. Spring Valley, Ocean
House, Park. Sunnyslde, Sunnyvale.
West End. Hunters' Point, Mission" High
and Jackson.
The following communications were re
ferred to various committees for action:
Claim of J. F. Logan against Peck,
Williams & Co., for labor performed
amounting to $:<v request from West ■ i
Castro Street Improvement Company
that a schoolhouse be erected In the
district; from the Predta Valley lm
provement Company ashing that Mi.-s
Man- Lynch be retained as Janltress of
the Whittier school, made vacant by the
death of her mother: from the tea* hers
of the Business Evening School stating
• that E. C. Kllpatrick is pre-eminently
. qualified to he principal of said pchool
■ and asking thnt the charges against Mr.
Kllpatrick be dismissed.
The Finance Committee submitted the
following report, which was adopted: (1)
Suit against Mrs. Rofekrans be compro
mised for $100 cash payment: (2) that At
torney Vogelsang be instructed to prose
cute to Judgment claims against William
McCormick and Mrs. Johanna McGinn,
I said parties being able to pay; (3) that
; the suit of Rose M. Stack be referred to
! tho City and County Attorney, Franklin
: K. Lane.
A question having been raised as to the
i amount at the disposal of the School
Hoard. Auditor Wells Informed the board
i that from January to June, inclusive,
j there Is at Its disposal $101,428 33 for each
i month.
On the recommendation of the Finance
| Committee, th^ January salaries of the
, teachers, laborers and office employes
were ordered paid. The labor demands
iln addition to the teachers' salaries
I amounted to $3000.
Director Brandensteln of the Committee
on Elementary Education submitted the
1 following report, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the resolution passed at the
j meeting of the Hoard of Education held on thr;
| 28th day of February, 1899, providing that "In
schools having more vice-principals than are
called for by the resolution of the Board of
Education, adopted February 23, 1899, the po
sition of the vice-principal last appointed as
i such to said schools be and the same is hereby
I abolished," be and it is hereby modified so that
there be adder] thereto this provision, to wit:
I Provided, however, that in schoolß having more
i vice-principals than are called for by said reso-
I lutlon try '!?.. 1599, the vlce-princlpal
| ships last create,] i n those schools be and they
j are abolished, and the viee-pr!ncipalships first
, created in said schools be and they are retaln
, cd. notwithstanding- the order of appointment
| thereto of the holders of said vice-prlncipal
i ships.
Under the operation of this resolution the
vice-principalship in the Franklin Grammar
! Bchool, held by Mijs k. McClaln. is abolished
I and the vice princlpalshlp in said school held
ny Miss W. Gallagher is retained.
Mlpp M. M. Maguire was elected princi
pal of the Richmond Evening School.
It was decided to dispense with the ser
; vices of Miss Donovan. Miss O'Malky \V.
Herrod. Miss M. F. Mooney and "Miss
i M. Walsh, teachers in the Business Even
[ Ing School, being the last appointed to
j their several departments, and that they
he placed on xhc evening school unas
slgned list after March .'!]. 18!)f>.
It was resolved that the hoard meet in
special session on the evening of the 17th
of April to investigate charges of incom
petence which may have been preferred
by principals against teachers.
Robert K. Low was appointed Chief Deputy
Census Marshal. The following were appointed
Census Marshals: T). Abbey, Abe Alexander,
E. M. Ames, H. Armer, C. Armager. P. B.
Bailey, F. \V. Brown. J. Barcell. H* Bern
stein. David Bllbero. M. Brady, Henry Bush
ard. J. O. Castlen, H. Diamond, W. O. Dixi.n
John Kagan. H. Khle. I. Kilns cj jj Fair
banks, c. C. Purdy, R. Eloyd, <;. Ford T,
Goodwin. L. McGowan. Adnm Hnekmeyer. X
K. Armstrong, A. Harry. .1. Haslet, U Her
zor, S. J. Jacobs. W. K. Kahn. Abe Levy AY.
H. Lord. J. W. Linpreen. A. W. MfPhprs»n
J. TV. Mackey, L. B. Marks, r. F. Mrtzner £
P. Mitchell. D. Mnran. R. If. Mowbray .1 ' D
O'Nell, J. M. race. F. Pierce, L. non»nthal c!
Schafer, B. P. Rcharff, F. J. Stone, John Sul
livan. J. Turner, H. Walker. I). Ward. EL
L. VVempf, H. Wpstphnl, W. Wilson. .1. Woolf
son, D. termer. J. M. Murphy, I>w!s Folk.
A Guest at Zinkand's.
Arthur Kopnlg of the famoun Bender Cork
Company of San Felice de Dulxola, was a guest
•t t>>* 7<nk«jnd th« other day. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
MOTHER VANDERBILT
PARTY ROLLS INTO TOWN
THE second "Vanderbllt party with
in a week is honoring' San Fran
cisco with Its presence. It gilded
in so noiselessly Tuesday night
that its arrival in the city was not
generally known until yesterday morn
ing, when the employes In the rail
road yards at Third and Townsend
streets awoke to find five sumptuous
"Wagner palace cars and one baggage
car on the Bidetrack.
Dr. W. Seward Webb, president of
the Wagner Car Company, is at tne
head of the party. Mrs. Webb, who
■was a Vanderbllt. accompanies him,
with their son. Master J. Watson
Webb. Others in the party are Mr.
and Mrs. Fred Vanderbilt, Mr. and
Mrs. James Lawrence, Mr. and Mrs.
George Bird and Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Purdy. A large retinue of servants ac
companies them.
The present trip is said to be strict
ly in search of pleasure, no sordid
thoughts such as the public is wont to
associate with Vanderbiltian millions
being allowed to disturb the even
tenor of any day on the easy rolling
Wagners. Yesterday was no exception
to the rule. The members of the party,
fully alive to the brevity of their stay,
were abroad early. During the morn
ing hours they drove to the park and
the Cliff, returning in time to lunch at
the Palace. Another drive in the after
noon was followed by dinner at the
Palace, Major Noble. U. S. A., being
a guest. Later in the evening sfim«
of the gentlemen visited the Olympic
Club.
The party will leave this afternoon
for New York, which it will reach In
BILLS POCKETED
BY THE GOVERNOR
Many Acts That Will Not
Become Laws.
STATE INSTITUTIONS SUFFER
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATIONS
THROWN OUT.
Complete List of Measures From
Which the State's Executive
Withheld His Signa
ture.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 29.—Follow
' ing is a correct list of the bills pocketed
by the Governor, with the titles:
Assembly Bill 964— T0 permit the sex
uallzatlon of inmates of State hospitals.
Assembly Bill 1014— Tax levy bill.
Assembly Bill 726— Declaring the Silver
Lake wagon road a State highway.
Assembly Bill 1003— Appointing horticul
i tural quarantine officer.
Assembly Bill 68— Appropriating $25,000
for a macadamized road between Sacra
memo and Folsom.
Assembly Bill 673— Amending school
teachers' annuity fund law.
Assembly Bill 725— Authorizing counties
to appropriate money for exhibits at Pa
cific Ocean Exhibition.
Assembly Bill 139— Transferring $25,000
from the general fund to the school book
fund.
Assembly Bill 677— T0 regulate commis
sion merchants, factors and brokers.
Assembly Bill 1005— Amending the coun
i ty government act for counties of the
' twenty-sixth clans.
Assembly Bill 292— T0 correct erroneous
tax assessments and sales.
Assembly Bill 741— Creating the office of
State Game Warden.
Assembly Bill 995— Regulating the con
, ducting of public warehouses.
Assembly Bill 92— Appropriating $50,000
for Whittier School improvements.
Assembly Bill 449— Concerning a veteran
! volunteer firemen's association.
Assembly Bill 44C— Relating to articles
I of Incorporation.
Assembly Bill 423— T0 admit idiots, epi
! leptics, etc., to the Home for Care and
Training of Feeble-Minded Children.
Assembly Bill 583— Relative to setting
apart 60 per cent of road taxes for per
manent improvements.
Assembly Bill 1009— Amending the
county government act relating to coun
ties of the sixth class.
Assembly Bill 594— Appropriating $25,000
i to pay the claim of Claua Spreckels.
Assembly Bill 617— Appropriating $7500
for a well in State Capitol grounds.
Assembly Bill 376— Creating a free em
ployment bureau.
Assembly Bill 118— To regulate the
practice of horseshoeing.
Assembly Bill 37— Relating to condi
tional sale, etc.. of street railway cars.
Assembly Bill 138— Regulating the prac
tice <>l" dental surgery.
Assembly Bill 411— Appropriating $7500
for metallic bookcases for Secretary of
State's office.
Assembly Bill 660— Relating to mutual
building and loan associations.
Assembly Bill 988— Permitting Native
Son? of the Golden West to use seal of
State design for medals for soldiers.
Assembly Bill 597— Appropriating $1000
for compilation of Attorney General's
opinions.
Assembly Bill 127— Appropriating $4000
for additional land at P'olsom Prison.
Assembly Bill 334— To transfer $06.000
from the depot sinking fund to>the San
Francisco harbor fund.
Assembly Bill 274— Appropriating $7709 50
for the relief of I. H. Pope.
Assembly Bill 438— Granting suffrage to
women at school elections.
Assembly Bill 352— Relating to disposi
tion of money belonging to deceased in
mates of public institutions.
Assembly Bill 4— Creating an exempt
firemen's relief fund.
Assembly Bill 552— Relating to bond de
benture sales and restrictions.
Assembly Bill 368— Appropriating $2500
for improvements at Preston School.
Assembly Bill 435— Allowing counties to
levy taxes for exhibition purposes not to
exceed $10,000.
Assembly bill 303— Appropriating $639 80
for Brooks, Lukens. Wiison and Fomeroy,
for mileage attending meeting of Normal
School trustees.
Assembly Bill 603— Relating to road
taxes.
Assembly Bill 84(>— Appropriating $15,000
to pay the claim of J. E. Atkinson.
Assembly Bill 629— Making cutting or
breaking of oil pipe line a felony.
Assembly Bill 305— T0 allow sureties to !
withdraw assets. J
time for the wedding of Miss "Virginia
Fair and Willie Vanderbllt. Before
departure, however, the visitors will
grace two affairs arranged in their
honor. The first will be this morn
ing, when they will take breakfast
aboard the battleship lowa and Inspect
that vessel as the guests of Captain
and Mrs. Terry. At 1 o'clock p. m.
the gentlemen of the party will take
lunch with Whitelaw Reid at the Pa
cific Union Club.
Assembly Bill 309— Appropriating $15,000
for State Library repairs, etc
Assembly Bill 424— Appropriating $40,000
for additional buildings for San Jose
Normal School.
Assembly Bill 603— Regulating width of
wagon tires.
Assembly Bill 283— Permitting local op
tion in cities of fifth and sixth classes.
Assembly Bill 441— Relative to annexing
territory to municipal corporations.
Assembly Bill 755— Appropriating $20,000
to enforce pure-food law.
Assembly Bill 38— Amending county gov
ernment act.
Assembly Bill 574— Appropriating $6343 13
to pay the claim of T. H. Wallis.
Assembly Bill .S3— Authorizing agricul
tural societies to borrow money.
Assembly Bill 582— Relating to road
taxes.
Assembly Bill 15ft— Appropriating HBS7 01
to pay claim of State Board of Hortieul- |
ture.
Assembly Bill 644— Amending act creat
ing Auditing Board to Commissioner ol
Public Works.
Assembly Bill S47— Relative to repairing
tollroads, etc.
Assembly Bill 447— Repealing act of 1807
relating to water rental and sale.
Assembly Bill 733— Appropriating $987 to
pay claim of J. E. Edson.
Assembly Bill *77— Appropriating $20,000 j
for constructing Mount Hamilton road.
Substitute for Assembly Bill 728, appro
priating $250,0U0 for San Francisco Exposi
tion.
Assembly Bill 542— Appropriating $25,000
for Lake Tahoe wagon road.
Assembly Bill 690— Appropriating $4000
to create state Board of Charities.
Assembly Bill 232— Appropriating $2000
to pay claim of F. E. N. Strout.
Assembly Bill 756— Appropriating $1370 71
to pay claim of Louise Rienzi.
Assembly Bill 730— Appropriating $1300
to pay claim of W. 11. Murray.
Senate Bill 341> — Reorganization of Na
tional Guard.
Senate Bill 73— Relative to payment of
debts of agricultural district fairs.
Senate Bill 750— Amending county gov
ernment act.
Senate Bill 47— Appropriating $100,000 for
Improvement of San Diego harbor.
Senate bill 746 — Amending county gov
ernment act.
Senate bill 218— Compelling banks to
publish sworn statements of funds on
hand.
Senate bill 450— Relative to sworn re
ports of Bank Commissioners.
Senate bill 735— Amending county gov
ernment act.
Senate bill 744 — Amending county gov
ernment act.
Senate bill 737— Amending section 159 of
county government act.
Senate bill 747— Amending county gov
ernment act.
Senate bill 742— Amending county gov
ernment act.
Substitute for Senate bill 651, appropri
ating $400 to pay Encinal Publishing Com
pany.
Substitute for Senate bills S4 and 195,
amending county government act.
Benate Bill 524— Relating to the disorgan
ization of irrigation districts.
Senate Bill 741— Amending county gov
ernment act.
Senate Bill 747— Amending county gov
ernment act.
Substitute for Senate bills 142, 159, 204
and 453, relating to locating mining no
tices.
Senate Bill 702— Respecting the selection
of juries.
Senate Bill 740 — Amending county gov
ernment act.
Senate Bill 662— Relating to water rights.
Substitute Senate bill 330, appropriating
$100,000 for harbor at Oakland.
Senate Bill 54— To issue bonds for $1.
000,000 to complete the San Francisco sea
wall.
Senate Bill 536 — Relating to registration
clerks.
Senate Bill 215— Appropriating $2500 to
pay claim of Julius Holt.
Senate Bill 240— Amending the pharmacy
act.
Senate Bill 438— Relating to the dis
position of assets of deceased copartner.
Senate Bill 75— Appropriating $675 to pay
claim of J. W. Slbole.
Senate Bill 205— Authorizing agricultural
societies to borrow money on their prop
erty.
Senate Bill 68— Amending the street law ;
of 1885.
Senate Bill 210— Appropriating $20,000 for j
cottages for Home for Feeble-Minded
Children.
Senate Bill 487— T0 suppress employment
agencies.
Senate Bill 282— Appropriating $7000 for
improvements at Preston school.
Senate Bill 146— Fixing the legal rate of !
interest at 6 per cent.
Senate Bill 22— Providing for salaries of
Oakland harbor officials.
Senate Bill 324— Appropriating $5000 to
pay the claim of Aciaie lVlcGinnis.
Senate Bill 80— Relative to frauds per
petrated by contractors.
Senate Bill 440— Relating to negotiable
instruments.
Senate Bill 283— Appropriating $1500 for
Ice plant at Preston school.
Senate Bill 360— Relating to street light
ing, etc.
Senate rMll 207— Appropriating $8500 for
improvements at Home for Feeble
minded Children.
Substitute for Senate Bill 358 — Appro
priating $1000 for testing voting machine*.
Srnate Bill 93— Amending sections of the i
Political Code.
Senate Bill 177— Regulating form of fire
Insurance policies.
Senate Bill 300— Appropriating $50,000 for j
improvements at Napa State Hospital.
Senate Bill 624— Appropriating $200 to pay
claim of Scott Calhoun.
Senate Bill 325— Appropriating $43,000 for
buildings at State University.
Senate Bill 623— Appropriating $81 18 to
pay claim of C. A. Williams.
Senate Hill 284— Apnroprint'"'" « 10 00 for
books and tools for Preston School.
Senate Bill 622— Approprmung >l'27S M
for Bulla. Powers and Caminetti of the
Code Commission.
Senate Bill 402— Appropriating $2500 for
book cases In the office of State Superin
tendent.
Senate BUI 712— Appropriating $1150 to
pay Bancroft, Whitney & Co.
Senate Bill 206— Appropriating $37,500 for
main building Home for Feeble-minded
Children.
S< nate Hill 554— Appropriating- $2500 to
purchase Cotton Hall property.
Senate Bill 70— Appropriating $11,500 for
improvements at Mendo< Ino Hospital.
Senate Bill 86— Appropriating $20,000 for
improvements at Mendocino Hospital.
RENOVATING ST. PATRICK'S.
The Work of Beautifying the Sacred
Edifice Nearly Complete.
Since Rev. Father John Brennan re
celved his commission from Archbishop
Riordan as administrator of St. Patrick's
Church on Mission street he has lost no
time in having the church beautilied,
loth Inside and out. The sky-piercing
scaffolding encircling the spin- and cross
denotes thai, this portion has not been
forgotten. The cross on top of the tall
steeple has been gilded, which adds much
to its beauty and tends* to give the build
ing a newness as if lately constructed.
The Inner walls and the ceiling have
been embellished by the %frescoer a art;
the great arches that span the nave and
the dome above the main altar are be
ing studded with electric lights in pro
lusion, and much other work is in prog
ress that will contribute toward the im
i resslve beauty of the Interior of this
edifice. The reopening of the church la
to be on the third Sunday after Easter
whicta will be April 23. On that occasion
a RedemptoriFt mission will also be com
menced, to be continued for live weeks.
W. S. MASONS FUNERAL.
Arrangements Made for It tc Take
Plaro on Saturday.
A special meeting of the directors of the
Chamber of Commerce was held yester
day to make arrangements for the
funeral of the late W. S. Mason. Mayor
of Portland, Or. Mr. Mason was for
years a resident of this city and his re
mains will arrive here to-morrow, having
been sent on the steamer Columbia. The
funeral arrangements are being made by
Golden Gate Commandery, of which the
deceased was a member, Charles L. Pat
ton attending to the most of the details.
Masonic services will be held on Satur
day In Golden Gate Hall on Sutter street.
The local chamber passed memorial reso
lutions, which will be forwarded to the
Common Council of Portland, the Cham
ber of Commerce of that city and to the
family of the deceased. A committee of
four directors will be selected to act as
pall-bearers and represent the chamber.
All members have been requested to at
tend the funeral.
Mrs. Booth Will Speak.
Mrs. Maud Ballington Booth will de
liver an address this evening at the Tem
ple Emanu-el on "Prison Gate Work."
Preceding the address Professor Sabin
will give a recital on the new organ an-1
Cantor Stark will sing a solo. The public
is invited.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission
■ m ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March 29
T" S stmr Scindla, Field, 11 days from Hono
lulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WESTPORT- Arrived Mar 29— Schr Free
Trade, hence Miir 19.
Sailed Mar 29— Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisoo.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
a-#— 9—o-9-9— o-o-©-©-©-©_©_©_©_©_©— ©-©— ©-©— e-
(i _^ t> A A GLOv I tvlv
J T l|yl BELTS!
A fiJZ> *$&■ f, ' '^V In buying an Electric Belt there are two
/•',' 7- Wayi of placing yourself on an exact level
 A .. /; AC 1 1, l 3'"Jf" v>lth the gentleman whose open countenance
if /£ Jffl r^Ktfiis^VD Is depicted on our left. " r 'vv
' #%"> V SH" yWtar The first is to allow yourself to be persuaded
i| ■ r '•' •'3B I*W by a quack to part with from $30 to $50 in .♦.-
-/*• *» change for an- old-fashioned Belt, actually not
\ £*,'■: •jW AMO worth more than $5, and the second method
0 jCB!!%!%ht*-~dGi l i- m j»*r 'is tc7 stumble into a drug store and pay from
/* 1 &fiws <?*■'•'•s S * $10 10 $20 for some so-called Electric Belt that
»£', .' T . '*V- '"W'mImPOSSO has cost the drUßKist about $1 2. » at wholesale.
Hk' ft' • ' ' V.*l Now. the RIGHT way to do when you want
fjC F. • ■'V'''«B UPON a GOOD Electric Belt, is to look up some re-
-9 m\ SL- J» ri&W 3*,, liable firm that MAKES Belts. Well, we make
1 MW'a^S&cSL IBs?!* »y m . at from $3 Mto $25 each, and have been
A f W'%WsSß&t£k '-Wi /*} eFtabllshed 24 years. Come and see us. or send
■ W > jaff^U^S 'ilifl'^i' 2 cents ln tarn for "Booklet No. 2." Ad-
i'}m^mb^> a 'pierce electric co.,
I 'im^f^i't^^^^. 620 MARKET STREET
[} _ : ; ' i^' ' " ~~ (Opposite Palace Hotel), S. F. '
WINNERS OF
THE OLYMPIC
BOXING BOUTS
McCarthy Beat Ast in
a Hard Fight,
HILLMAN DEFEATED SNOOKER
LIGHTWEIGHTS FOUGHT WITH
VIM AND DASH.
Doc Flynn, the Blood-Maker, Whipped
Jack Dennis in One of the
Hardest Contests Seen
in the Club.
One of the most interesting: boxing
entertainments given by the Olympic
Club was witnessed last evening- by an
exceptionally large gathering of num
bers, among whom "the hissing" bri
gade was strongly represented.
The first event was a six-round bout
between the welter weights < 1-15 pounds),
Al Hillman of the Sacramento Athletic
club and A. Snooker of the Manhattan
Athletic Club. Snooker appeared much
lighter than his opponent, who could
easily pass for a middle-weight. Hillman
was the aggressor, but each time he
rushed al Sn ioker lie stopped a well di
rected lefthand lead with his nose. The
pace cut ou! by Hillman was a bit too
hoi for Snooker, who had bellows to
mend at the md ot the round. Hillman
won a k<">*l lead in the second, hi
ponent saving himself, from i knockout
by dodging around the ring and clinching;.
The third was tame, and in the fourth
Snooker went down twice and was al
most out of the race when the gong
sounded. In the tilth and sixth rounds
Hillman showed marked signs of
fatigue, and Snooker landed some clean
blows. The judges awarded the bout to
Hillman.
The second welter-weight event was a
hot six-round .contest between J. F. Mc-
Carthy of the Olympic Club and F. Ast
of the Manhattan Club. The first round
wag all in McCarthy's favor, but in the
second Ast warmed up to the game and |
r.-minded his opponent that the fun was
about to commence. Ah soon as the men
toed the scratch for the third round the j
Swede (Ast) stopped McCarthy's rushes
by swift right and left jabs in the face
and body. The exchanges were of the
warmest kind to the ilnish, when McCar
thy caught a hard right hander on the
jaw as the bell sounded. Ast had the
of the fourth, meeting his opponent
with stiff body punches which were tell
ing on McCarthy. The fifth was give and
take and both men felt the effects of
a hard bump on the Boor. The sixth was
very exciting. McCarthy kept pegging
away at Asts face, while the last named
boxer was painting McCarthy's body a
bright red. Just before the finish Me-
Carthy landed three hard smashes on
Asts face, which brought a liberal How of
claret from the Swedes hum-. McCarthy
won the decision amid a shower of hiss-s.
There was very little to choose between
the contestants. Still McCarthy had a
shade the best of it.
Joe Doyle, the elongated boxer of the
Olympic Club, won a decision over Shorty
Grossman of the Pan Rafael Athletic
Club. If Omssman had had a golf stick
h»* might have reached Doyle's chin at
sume point in the game.
Steve Vicini, who was booked to box
Snooker, wa/l overweight, and Hillman
took his place.
The semi-finals of the lightweight class
(135 pounds) were the next on the pro
gramme.
John Kane of th*> Liberty Club faced
Dan Barry of the Manhattan Club. The
first round was evenly contested, but
When the boxers met in the second round
Kane, who was mure muscular than his
adversary, forced the fighting, and at
close range he certainly had the better
of the game. During a mixup near Bar
ry's comer Kane planted a hot right
hander on Barry's chin, which felled the
Manhattan man. who was apparently in
dreamland. Barry struggled to hi>
befert the tenth st con,] was shouted by
the referee, and Waf downed three times
but managed to keep on his pins until the
round was finished. His seconds seeing
that further fighting meant defeat to
Harry, throw up the sponge in favor of
Kane.
The next and final .-vent ot the even
ing was the most exciting of all the
bouts. It was a six-round "go" between
Jack Dennis of the Olympic Club and
"Doc" Flynn of the South Knd Rowing
Club. Flynn has a reputation for draw-
Ing blood in large quantities from the
men whom he has met rmd consequently
Dennis fought very carefully for a few
rounds. The lirst round was about half
over when in a mlxup Flynn smashed
Dennis with the heel of ITis risrht glove
over 'the left eye. cutting a deep gash
from which the claret Sowed liberally.
Tho second was rather tame, but the third
was a stem winder. Dennis was stung by
three or four uppercota in the fac ■
challenged Flynn to a rally at close
quarters. When the gloves were flying
Dennis happened to land a beauty left on
Flynn's chin and the blow had sufficient
steam in it to send th^ receiver to the
tldur. Flynn was up quickly and the
fight was fast and furious until the gong
for corners sounded. Dennis had the best
of this round.
The fourth, fifth and sixth were as ex
citing- as the most exacting: rlngster
could possibly desire. Tn straipht punch-
Ing Dennis senreu a lead, but Flynn got '
in the hardest blows by uppercutting :
Dennis with right and left each time the !
Olympic man clucked to avoid punish
ment. Flynn having had the best of the
first and second rounds, the judges gave
him the decision, which, however, dis
pleased a number of spectators. The en- '
tertalnment was. however, highly satis- ;
factory, it being the best of its kind wit- j
nessed by the members in many moons.
The judges were S. Carter and F. M.
Cerini and the referee was Al Smith.
DINNER TO BARON NATILI.
George Crocker Entertains the Noble
man at the Pacific Union Club.
Baron Randolph Natill was entertained
at dinner at the Pacific Union Club last
night by George Crocker and. a few in
vited personal friends. The dinner was
informal and was given for the purpose
of introducing: the nobleman to a few of
: the personal friends of the railroad mag
nate.
Since the arrival nf Buron Natfll in San
Francisco ho has made the acquaintance
of some of the weighty men in the man
agement of the Southern Pacific.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jgpARTE^S'
Positively cured by these
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. .
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price. _
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IX EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient live*
in an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist,
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are riding and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29 5 0 34
I _________ _-_—_—_— ! * I
2d Stage.. 3C 12 22 2 S8
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 ' JO
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germiclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are In attendance. The
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open • fires. The rooms— over 100 In
number— cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully 'located. nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods' of treatment, will be mailed free
"\dd > a aH inn.uir.es SAN GABRIEL SANA-
Address all inquiries PAN GABRIEL, SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel.. Cal.
Health is Wealth.
" W . RVI . CHAIN
DR. -. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRASH TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Iseoldur.dor positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory.
Dizziness, Wakefulnees, Fits. Hysteria, Quick-
Tiess. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Conn-
dence, Nervousness, Lossitudo, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive) U?e of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Conlumption,
Insanity and Denth. At store or by mail. $1 a
bos; six for IS; with ■written suarantee'to
euro or refund money. Sample pack-
age; containing five days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. C'no sarnplo only sold to .
oach perscn. At storo or by mail. ,
§l2rncd Label Special^Spjj
Extra Strength. JJE'Li
For Impotency, Loes olWjJw'-wPj.
Power, Lost Manhood. \LI . JSLL
Sterility or Barrenness.! ,,]L^^T
$1 a box; cix for $5, witb*JN?**r:
written suarantees*»*J«V
- npc to care in 30 days. At atore^y^.^
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole AgU..
214 Kearny st., San Francisco. _^^
AN EASTER SURPRISE
Awaits those who bring- their soiled
linen here to be laundered, when they
receive it in color as immaculate as an
Easter lily, and a finish as superb as
when you first chose it from the haber-
dashers. Our laundry work is beyond
competition, and our linen is both care-
fully handled and renovated with pure
washing materials.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, offic»
1004 Market street Telephone "
South 420 . • .
fggjDß. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
Ma f__§| Five hundred reward for any
*"■• »- a fi case we cannot cure. This secret
3 , ,_,JB remedy stops all losses in 24
Col i-_i hours, cures Emissions, linpot
Tin r.,]T, teney, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
rS«H 8& Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
F*"5»... .Cgj/ Manhood and all wasting effects *
*- ' - 1 of -abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, S3; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI- *
TUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also tor
aala at lOTSMi Market St.. S. F. All private dis-
eases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
'VldBBk!«r;l "'* "iB * non-potso_on»
*.<*4B&^^^*&S& remedy for Gonorrhoea,
>4K&^^OKEb*Niia Gloot, Spermatorrhoea.
jflKyiD Ito a d»r»- \l_ Whites, unnatural ,)jg.
Mffaf O=_r-otced f3 charges, or any lnflaaima-
(<%■ sot to «trictur«. tion, irritation or nlcer*-
jF* '^Prtve»u oscugion. tion of mucous mem-
|fe*BTHEEvHNS OheH'i'M-00. br » neB - Non-aatringent.
\gi^CINCINNATI.O.|^a &old by *>«-U«pi*t*,
x£&3&k. . r 3 i T«^or seat iv plain wrapper,
J^bMaSkw l*£sr£\ l>y cxpregg. prcpaiii, fot
vBRBVT^I ll- 00 - or 3 bottlaa, 52.75.
m Oircuiar tent »» n^potk
Weekly Gall $1.00 DerYear
56
THURSDAY MARCH 30, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEA^. E J^ r^gfj^_
PUBLICATION OFFICE .... Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Jlain IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21? to 221 Stevenson Street
• • Telephone Main .1374.
DELIVEKED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including; Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
I'AILY CALL, Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1 .50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «r>e
■ KJJDAT CALL One Year ' l - °
■ XVEEKZ.Y CALL. One Year •'* 1 - wi
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
.OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 139. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (Q. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
• C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Rcppcsentntlve.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKin street, -open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- ££91 Market
• treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner. Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, open- until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
. • Roy."
v-Ile.
Bohemian Girl."
mbra— "Savi Flames."
.11 Opera Company, -Sat
til 1.
-. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
i ■ :iingr.
■ M .n and Ellis streets. Specialties,
rt.
AUCTION SALES.
•i->rfleld— This day at 11 o'clock. Furniture at
By A Friday, March 31, at 11 o"clock.
AN EXCELLENT IDEA.
IT is to be hoped that some legal method will be
discovered by which the members of the late
Board of Education can be made financially re
isible for the deficit created in the school fund
. r their administration. If ever legal retribution
just it would be just in their cases. These men
the money intended for
salaries, and when it was found that neither
- with whom they had made contracts for
lies nor the teachers whom they had rleeced were
be paid they insolently swaggered out of
office and demanded of the people to know what they
-■ing to do about it.
I";. these men profited by their two
service in the School Department. The "rake
efts'' and "drawdowns" and "divvies" in which they
participated probably yielded them handsome divi
dends. The ringstcrs in one job alone must have
cleaned up several thousand dollars. We refer to the
oi the Lincoln School lot-, which was sold out
right. If some legal method of making their bonds
men responsible can be devised, not only will the
teachers recover a portion of their money, but a pre
cedent will be set at once valuable and instructive.
Each Schoci Director is under a bond of $5000.
The total for the twelve is $60,000, which would, if
collected, .give the school-teachers and merchants
about half of what is coming to them, provided the
bills of the latter were discounted 30 or 40 per cent.
It might be that a proceeding of this sort would take
in two or three School Directors in the late board
undeserving of castigation, but that would not be an
unmixed evil. It would teach respectable men to re
when in the future they become associated in
public office with thieves. As each School Director
is on his own borrd as principal, a judgment against
the bondsmen would cover whatever gains he may
have made during his term. Thus, if any one of the
late band of educational rascals has property it could
be taken from him and sold under execution.
The experiment is one well worth trying. . Not
only would it, if successful, serve as a lesson, but it
would give the school-teachers security for their
salaries, even against a band of thieves such as lately
nearly wrecked the School Department.
SENATE BILL NO. 202
IT is announced from Sacramento that Governor
Gage, out of the batch of bills left in his hands
upon the adjournment of the Legislature, has se
lected all he intends to sign and transmitted them to
the Secretary of State. It is further stated that he
has left the capital for a vacation and will not return,
although he has until to-night at midnight, under the
constitution, in which to make further selections.
Probably' the Governor thinks he has weeded out
and signed all the good bills, but there is at least one
still in his hands to which his attention ought to be
called, since he still has time to sign it. We refer to
Senate bill 202, which provides for a change in the
manner of impaneling Superior Court juries. This
measure has already been discussed in these columns,
and nothing remains except to call the Governor's at
tention to it and urge him to give it further considera
tion. The present method of selecting jurors in
courts of record in this State is loose and unman
ageable. It has bred a class called "professional
jurors," and by loosely delegating the power of se
lection has made jury-fixing possible, and as a con
sequence unjust verdicts are not infrequent.
Senate bill 202 will, if it become a law, abolish pro
fessional juryism, -and, by limiting the period of ser
vice and removing some of the objections business
men have to acting as jurors, attract to the box a
more reputable class.- The change has been indorsed
by the Bar Association, the County Clerk of this city
and county, many of the Superior Judges and re
spectable attorneys generally. The character of the
reform proposed by this measure will justify the
Governor in reconsidering his determination to sign
no more bills. The paramount duty of all citizens
is to aid in getting fair trials in the courts, for be it
known that liberty pines in those tribunals a long
time before she expires in its dungeons. Governor
Gage's responsibility at this juncture is greater than
that of most men, because he now possesses- the power
to give effect to a piece of legislation which will go a
long way toward making a change for the better.
At a San Jose prize-fight one set of seconds drew
pistols and the other knives. This was certainly an
improvement upon the ordinary fake, for it intro
duced the desired element of exciterflent.
There are enough gentlemen claiming to belong to
the Harbor Commission to assure lively times on the
water {re,* ngr^'- «*' **» iUtt of trade.
AN EXPLOSIVE PARALLEL.
IN January, 1574. the grand commander of the
Spanish forces, Requescns, stood on the dike ot
Schakerloo to witness the departure ot a fleet
under Romero which was dispatched to relieve the
Spanish army, commanded by Mondragon, that had
been shut up in Middelburg by the army of the
Netherlands. A salute was fired in his honor, but its
sparks reached the magazine of a large ship, which
blew up and destroyed every soul on board.
When Mr. C. P. Huntington arrives in San Fran
cisco, if he is given to figurative parallelism, he will
be able to turn this historical incident to profitable
account. The war of the railroad upon the people ot
California is as wanton and as arbitrary, and its
methods as uncivilized, as the protracted attempt of
Philip of Spain to destroy the liberty of the Nether
lands. It is true that Philip only occasionally left his
capital to survey the fields that Alva desolated, and
it is also true that Mr. Huntington only occasionally
leaves New York, which is the scat of his govern
ment, to observe the ■ n that the railroad
forces have wrought in their Western campaign.
When Daniel M. Burns and his compact and discip
lined army attacked the Legislature at Sacramento.
instead <>: a speedy conquest they found themselves
beleaguered by the Republicans, and for nine weeks
or thereabouts they were held in an iron grip. When
surrender was close at hand the Grand Democratic
Commander of the railroad Republicans attempted to
reinforcements and a very noisy salute was dis
charged in his honor, but the magazine caught fire
and the railroad vessel blew up and destroyed every
politician on board.
There are various ways of extracting a moral from
litions or facts that are mure or less analogous.
Mr. Huntington, through his natural intelligence
and his prolonged experience, is an adept in drawing
inferences. We suggest that he apply his powerful
mind to the late Senatorial deadlock and to its dis
astrous consequences. Somewhere or other within
the range of his authority there is a serious respon
sibility to be fixed. The Republicans were victorious,
but assuredly there were trailers within their ranks.
Another campaign is in sight, which will be unusually
important. The railroad volunteers, repudiated by
the regular army, need reorganization, and as a pre
liminary the causes of the late defeat should be
thoroughly investigated. While Mr. Huntington is
here and his associates are clustered around him
there is an excellent opportunity for a court of in
quiry, to be followed by a court-martial and a sen
tence.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
SIGNOR GUGLIKMO MARCONI, a young
Italian, now in his twenty-sixth year, has ap
parently succeeded in the task of making wire
less telegraphy of practical value. His system has
been subjected to severe tests, and, according to re
. has proven itself equal to the difficulty of
overcoming stormy weather, surmounting hills,
buildings or the curvature of the earth, and of trans
mitting messages to a distance of thirty-two miles.
When the Marconi experiments made for weeks
during the stormy weather of last winter off the coast
of England showed that messages could be sent
without wires for a distance <>; twelve miles through
the air, no matter how windy or foggy or rainy it
might be, it was generally recognized that we were
about to enter upon a new epoch in the history of
telegraphy. Since the results now obtained by the
experiment Qt* sending messages across the British
Channel from South Foreland to Boulogne there can
no longer exist any doubts of the great utility of the
invention. The new epoch has begun.
One of the notable features of the Marconi system
is the simplicity of its construction and the slight
amount of material required to put it into operation.
The messages are transmitted from what is called a
vertical conductor, that is to say, a wire whi^h is run
up to the top of a pole or a lighthouse or any other
object standing high above the landscape. To trans
mit a message eighteen miles a conductor eighty feet
high was found to be sufficient, and it is claimed by
the inventor that with a conductor placed at a point
114 feet high a message could be transmitted to a dis
tance of forty miles.
The simplicity of the apparatus and the slightness |
of its materials are likely to produce important re
sults. There are comparatively few parts of the world
where there is not some hill or tall tree rising fifty
or sixty feet above the general landscape, and there
fore the telegraph operator of the future will have
only to provide himself with that amount of wire and
a small battery to be able to send messages at will |
for a considerable distance. He has only to climb j
the tree or put up a good-sized pole on the top of the
hill, string his light wire and put his battery into
operation, and the thing is done.
This will give spies a powerful aid in their work in
future wars. Messages can be transmitted over the
head of armies by telegraphers miles away in the
rear. British or French spies could send dispatches
across the channel at any hour of the night and the
chances of detection would be slight. It is possible,
in fact, that the invention will start a new epoch in
more things than telegraphy.
PROSPERITY AND THE CONSTITUTION
THE weekly reviews of trade published by Brad
street and by R. G. Dun & Co. are safe guides
to a correct appreciation of business conditions
in the United States. Last year, as has been fully
proved, was the most prosperous in our history. In
truth, it was phenomenal. But this year, judging from
the facts and the figures in the two reviews above
mentioned, it is likely that all records will be sur
passed. In February alone manufactured exports ex
ceeded those of the corresponding month in 1898 by
more than five millions, while exports exceeded im
ports of merchandise by more than twenty-three mil
lions. Iron and steel to meet the demand cannot be
manufactured with present facilities, and wheat,
lumber and wool command ready sale and good
prices.
These are mere hints of a wide range of facts that
can be analytically studied in statistical columns, but
which constitute .in eloquent exposition of natural
advancement under republican government. As a
further indication that is unmistakable, manufacturing
establishments in New Hampshire, in Maine, in Ohio,
in Wisconsin, in Rhode Island, in Massachusetts, in
Illinois, in Connecticut and in other States, have vol
untarily raised wages from sto 10 per cent. It is
apparent, therefore, that the United States has
reached the point of commercial and financial su-
piemacy, and that, unless wantonly thrown away, its
record-breaking history will be indefinitely con
tinued.
The only drawbacks to our prosperity are the
enormous expenditures caused by our late war with
Spain, which, if closed now. it has been conserva
tively estimated, would have cost a billion dollars, and
the unrest and the desire for change that it has -gener
ated. The accumulation of wealth and the increase
of intelligent and enterprising citizens on this conti
nent are due to the constitution that the Examiner
THE SA!* FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
and other organs and supporters of expansion have
'"outgrown." While nations governed upon the im
perial model, not excepting Great Britain, are driven
to their wits' end to find new fields for their Surplus
population and to extract profits from subjugated
colonies to provide for their domestic necessities, the.
internal expansion of the United States has hardly
commenced. With the opportunities before us, if we
allowed ourselves to drift into the imperialistic cur
rent, to turn our backs upon our own history, to re
verse our own precedents and practice, and to enter
upon a career of conquest such as we are now un
fortunately if necessarily illustrating in the Philip
pines, we might as well shave the locks of Columbia
and allow her to lie as prostrate and as enfeebled before
the imperialistic combination of Europe as Samson
at the feet of Delilah.
The merchants and other business men and indus
trious citizens who have allowed themselves to be at
tracted by the glamour of expansion, if they will ap
ply themselves to the examination of our late com
mercial and financial progress, will become recon
ciled to the abandonment of revolutionary schemes.
The more fully they comprehend the actual past and
the actual present of their own country the deeper
will be their appreciation of the prophetic wisdom of
the founders of the Government and the more fixed
their determination to uphold our constitutional sys
tem. The time is not far distant when the voice of
the people will be heard and understood by party
leaders throughout the Union and when the Asiatic
policy of the expansionists will be stifled by the
Americanism that prefers freedom, independence and
natural development at home to imperial ascendency
in distant quarters of the globe.
THE rather eccentric Mr. Walker of Massachu
setts, who was lor many years chairman of the
House Committee on Currency and Banking, is
no longer a member of Congress. He was seldom in
harmony with his committee, and this lack of agree
ment caused the omission of committee meetings for
a long time. He was the author of a peculiarly com
plicated bill for a banking system, and was not toler
ant of any other proposition. At the same time he
had but little faith in his own measure and appeared
rather as an obstructionist than a promoter of legis
lation to simplify our tangled and complex financial
statutes. His final expression of opinion at the re
cent adjournment of Congress was highly character
istic. Admitting the bad conditions of our financial
system and its capability at any time to do mischief
and injure the public credit, yet he declared that its
reform would be the death of any party attempting it.
Notwithstanding this morbid view of the situation,
the effort for correction is now in more promising
shape than it has been since Mr. Carlisle called atten
tion to the sinister operation of "the emiless chain."
A committee of the Republican joint caucus of Con
is charged with the work of framing legislation
to definitely affirm the gold standard as the perma
nent policy of the Government, and to take the
treasury out of the banking business, and to provide
a soundly safeguarded banking system which will
flexibly adapt itself to the currency and credit re
quirements of all parts of the country.
It is not now known whether all these steps will be
taken at once, but all will naturally and necessarily
follow the first. The sound money sentiment of the
country is as vital as it was in 1896, and does not pro
pose to surrender a foot of the ground which it has
gained. The Sound Money League is still active, and
the Indianapolis Monetary Conference, represented
by its executive committee, is in touch with the joint
caucus committee. That executive committee meets
in New York on April 7 to put in shape the purposes
of the conference.
The Secretary of the Treasury is in active sympathy
and co-operation with the movement, and is not
lulled to inattention by the apparent decline of the
free silver issue. It is perfectly well understood by
politicians that whatever collateral issues are be
friended by Mr. Bryan are intended to be used only
to catch votes to get into power in order that his pe
culiar financial ideas may be forced upon the country.
In view of this obvious plan of his campaign it is ab
solutely necessary that every statutory peg upon
which he hangs that issue be pulled out now. The
statutory power to reissue greenbacks, or to enlarge
the volume of the original issue now out, should be
taken away. When the war revenue bill of last year
was before Congress it was demonstrated that the
Bryan party intends to pass beyond free silver at 16
to I and to enrich its financial programme by in
dorsing an issue of paper currency, with its redemp
tion feature limited or entirely absent, and its volume
regulated by that indefinite boundary, "the needs of
the country." It is this intention that moves the
Secretary of the Treasury to say that "it will be wise
for the sound money forces to hold themselves in line
to oppose any fresh attack of the kind that was so
successfully resisted in ißy6." It is expected that the
executive committee meeting in New York City on
the 7th of April will furnish a programme which will
attract the attention and crystallize the sentiment of
the country.
Illinois has imitated California to the extent that
some weak-minded legislator has introduced a fool
bill similar to that which made Morehouse, Gage and
ethers appear ridiculous. Probably imitation will
end at this point. Writers for the newspapers will
sign their product when they choose to do so, and
not all the chumps ever elected to office can change
the programme.
We arc now told on "reliable authority," doubtless
emanating from a ''distinguished statesman who pre
fers that his name be not mentioned," that during
February the United States offered the Philippines to
England. Excellent evidence that the report is base
less exists in the fact that the Philippines are not in
possession of England.
Possibly Dewey Avon his way into the good graces
of the Filipinos through having had to open his en
gagement in the islands by killing a lot of Spaniards.
Otis did not get this chance, and when at times he has
had to demean himself v/ith unfriendly violence there
have been no Spaniards to suffer.
Kansas people have just lynched a murderer. Of
course this was wrong, but as Kansas goes regularly
through the farce of sentencing murderers to death
and then permits them to die of old age, the exist
ence of mitigating circumstances must be admitted.
The parricide who lyis just been sentenced to death
in Kansas need not make a fuss about it. In that
State a sentence of this kind is as dignified and sol
emn a bluff as ex-Senator Peffer.
The manner in which recruiting for service in the
Philippines progresses makes the fact evident that
Uncle Sam will have as many soldiers as he needs.
They won't be fed on carrion, either.
If Aguinaldo will surrender only with the capture
of his capital, he will have to be made prisoner. He
can carry his style of capital under his hat.
FINANCIAL LEGISLATION
CALIFORNIANS
AGAIN READY
TO VOLUNTEER
'Will Gladly Answer a
Call for Troops.
THE QUOTA WILL BE SMALL
THIS STATES SHARE MAY BE
LESS THAN ONE BEGIMENT.
Beports From All Over the Country
Show That More Men. Will Ans
wer Than the President
Will Call For.
The rumors that the President is about
to call for 35,000 volunteers have caused a
deal of speculation In army circles,
the ranks of the National Guard, in the
office, the workshop and the home.
California has freely griven four volun
teer regiments to th< t the coun
try. Her thousands of young men have
stepped from the ranks of civil life to
don the blue and follow the (lag. They
have marched away to a foreign shore
many of them never to return. Now comes
another call, and With it the question,
"Will our young men respond freeiy to
the call as before?"
This question was put to General Dick
lnson yesterday afternoon. He smiled a
moment and replied: "That was an un
jsary question. The true question will
be 'i<>t 'Wilt our men go?' but 'How many
Will the Government accept? 1 When the
first call came for volunteers, about one
year ago, the boys of the National Guard
rushed into tne army. Three regiments of
them met with disappointment. Iney
were disbanded without having had a
chance to show the stuff everybody knows
they are made of. The bill reorganizing
the Xational Guard has recently been
passed, and they are QOW going back into
their old companies. I know the boys
well enough, however, to state positively
that should the Government ask for a
thousand men from California three thou
sand will off. r their services. Why. those
boys who did not gel an opportunity to
go" out to the fields of battle will never
let over their disappointment. Uncle Sam
has but to hint that he wants men, and
Nun will see our boys leaving the farm
and workshop to pick up the rifle. Cali
fornia can easily furnish more men than
she did before, and the Xational Guards
men are ready, as they have ever been."
At the headquarters of the adjutant gen
eral of the Department of California the
matter was also Informally discussed, al
though no definite information ran come
from this source untii advices are re
ceived from Washington. It was the gen
eral Impression there that in case the call
is made it will be mad- on the same basis
as former ones, and California's pro rata
will be less than a thousand men. It is
not expected that the Natlphal Guard or
the Naval Reserves will be called upon
as a body. In fact, the Naval Reserves
will in all probability- be out of the ques
tion altogether. As for raising the requi
site number of men in the country, no dif
flculty whatever is anticipated. If any
State '8 unable to furnish its pi"
the ranks will lie filled with volunteers
from other States. Private and official
correspondence from all parts of the
country shows that there is a decided sur
plus of material from which soldiers may
be made. The disappointment of Califor
nia's Sixth. Seventh and Eighth regi
ments is still fresh in the min/ls of army
people, and It is also known that in Neft
York City 1300 men who wished to enlist
have been turned away. Taking It alto,
gether, it is plain that the Government
can get -ill the men it needs without re
sorting to the draft system or offering
bounties.
NATIVE SONS PLEASE
UNIVERSITY MEN
HEARTY INDORSEMENT OF THE
ENDOWMENT IDEA.
Faculty and Student Body Give Cor
dial Response to the Project
for a New Chair.
BERKELEY, March project of
the Native Sons to endow a chair of Cali
j fornia history at th" State University is
< meeting with a cordial response from the !
university faculty and student body.
As announced in The ('all recently
several of the prominent Native Sons in j
j the State have started a movement to i
| contribute $100,0u0 toward the establish- j
ment of a new professor's chair at Berke
ley. They Intend, to take the matter be- I
fore the next meeting of the Grand Par
lor, and if possible to make the endow
ment an official action on the part of the
order. The department which the leaders
of the movement have in view would be
! known as that of California history, and
it would aim to carry an exhaustive re
search into the historical records of the
State from the Very earliest times, to
collect all the available data on the sub
ject and. as Car aa possible, to undertake
1 a regular course of instruction for stu
dents interested in that special line of ;
work.
When the news of this project became i
generally known at the university
it aroused considerable interest. Both
the faculty and the students manifested j
1 a disposition to welcome it heartily.
Comments of the most favorable kind
were made on all sides. Although bene
factors have appeared from time to time,
and with their ample wealth have found
ed permanent professorships in various ;
j subjects, such, for instance, aa the .Mills
chair of moral philosophy, endowed by D. j
i O. Mills, and the Agassiz professorship
! of Oriental languages and literatures, es
tablished by the late Senator Tompkins,
the fact that the new department pur
posed springs from the Native Sons as a
body all over the State constitutes it
something quite unique, and the Interest
It evokes differs from the passing atten
tion which other gifts have met with.
President Martin Kellogg looks for
ward tn a favorable action on the part of
the Grand Parlor. He said this evening:
"I sincerely h<>pe that the movement may
prove successful. We should be only too i
delighted t<> have such a chair in the unl- ;
1 consider it a most admirable
.
Bernard I*. Moses, head of
partmeni of history and political
rds the plan with great en
-iii "Nothing could be finer." he
Iced. '"Some of the originators of
heine have been in communication
with me, and I have assured them that
the Idea i* not only practicable, but may
prove of immense importance in investi
i gating a field of history as yet so little
I explored. The study of the question
i should go back to the very earliest period
' of Spanish settlement. It might even go
beyond that. With the libraries of Ban
Francisco and the old landmarks of early
settlers we have first-hand information
of inestimable value. The subject would
doubtless be placed under one general de
partment of history and a special in
structor engaged who is qualified for the
work."
Thomas' R. Bacon, associate professor
of European history, said: "The projeci
| is of more than ordinary importai
' the subject of history. Not only is the
'■ field of almost unlimited extent, but many
j of the documents relating to Spanish set
| tlement and American exploration ar
! being preserved, and these should be se- i
I cured and examined at once. Bancroft i
j did pioneer work in this direction, but
there is still much to be accomplished.
: We need a competent investigator to give
' his time to this special question. The en
: dowment of $100,000 is quite sufficient to
; provide for the chair."
Among the student body the same im- ;
: presslon prevailed, and the outcome of
! the movement will be watched anxiously.
George B. Polhemus Insolvent.
George B. Polhemus of San Joso flied a
Fetltion in insolvency yesterday in the
'nlted States District Court. His liabili
ties are $23,255 and his assets $690. Of his
debts, $10,488 art due to the First Com
merciaJ Savings Bank of San Josa, and
$6000 to w. H. Lamrock.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. F. Lunt of Now York Is at the Oc
cidental.
J. R. Bane, a hotel keeper of Santa
Rosa, is at the California.
V. B. Chandler, a prominent lumber
dealer of Elmlra, is at the Lick.
11. B. C.illis. ex-District Attorney of)
Yrrka. Is located .at the Grand.
George D. Butler, a well-known citizen
of Treka, la staying at the Russ.
G. M. King, a mining man of RoßSland,
B. C, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his wife.
1.. Eastlick, a business man of Oro ;
Fino, Siskiyou County, is a late arrival
at the Russ.
R< ginald Gibson and wife of New York
are here on a pleasure trip and are regis
tered at tlii' Palace.
Dr. D Smith, who is connected with the
Napa . Hospital f'.r the Lnsarte, is quar- j
ti red .11 the < California.
Louis F. Brenner, a large furniture
dealer of Sacramento, is making the j
Grand his headquarters.
<;. C. Hyatt, who operates extensive
machine shops In Stockton, and his wife,
are guests at the < in
George K. Smith, a lumber dealer of St. ■
Louis, is registi red ai the occidental ;
with his wife and mother.
A. !■'. Douglas of London, England, who
■en visiting his ranch at White
River, Colo., is registered at the Palace. .
c. K. Taylor, a fruit buyer of St. Paul,
Minn., and W. A. Wiechmann, a jewelry j
manufacturer of New York, are regis- j
tered at the Lick.
M. B. Dittmar, editor ;md proprietor of '
The Searchlight and Mineral Wealth of
Northern California, is registered at the
Grand from Redding.
Mrs. ,T. E. Keeler came down from the
Lick Observatory on Mount Hamilton i
yesterday morning and engaged apart- i
ments at the California.
John B. Farish. a mining expert of
Denver, Colo., who represents the Roths
childs in their mining properties in this
country, is at the Palace.
Charles F. Bixby, a business man of
Buena Park, and George A. Stewart, a
banker of Los Angeles, are making the j
Grand their headquarters during a short
stay in the city.
Frank L. Coombs of Napa, who has
cane to this ctty to assume his duties as
United States District Attorney for the
Northern District of California, is regis- j
tered at ti.- Grand.
C. P. Huntington left Houston this
morning, and before coming to San Fran
v. ill probably visit Mexico. General!
Hubbard will be at Ogden to-morrow and
is due to. arrive here on Monday.
Mr. and Mrs. Miles P. O'Connor of San
re visiting this city and are guests
at the Palace. Mr. and Mrs. O'Connor
will leave for an extended European trip
soon after Easter. They expect to spend ]
abuut two years on the Continent.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 28.— H. C. Warwick
and George Knight of San Francisco are
ut the Imperial; Mrs. Joseph Hutchlnson
of Palo Alto and J. S. Hutchlnson of San
Francisco are at the Fifth Avenue.
• ♦ »
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE BANK COMMISSIONERS— F. P.,
Mendocino, Cal. The office of the Bank
Commissioners of California is at 530 Cali
fornia street, San Francisco.
TRANSPORT ARIZONA— A. S.. City.
Tii ascertain how long the transport Ari
waa iii quarantine nt Manila you
would have to address a letter of Inquiry
to the Navy Department at Washington,
D. C.
PHILIPPINE LITERATURE— W. H.
TI.. Ferndale, CaL A person desiring to
Obtain authentic r. ading matter about the
Philippine Islands should place an order
with a first-class book-seller.
RAILROAD TO REPUBLlC—Subscri
ber, Auburn, Cal. There is no railroad ;
running to Republic. Stevens County,
Wash. The N. P. and S. N. road :1111s to
within ninety miles of that place, tlu-n the '
balance of the distance is by stage.
VERTICAL WRITING— J. H.. Placer
ville, Cal. Vertical writing is a fad which :
has almost run its time. It- differs from
back hand in this, that the lines are i
straighter. Tin re is no ' particular ad- '
vantage over other styles of handwriting. I
There are many who are of the opinion
that it requires more effort to write in
that style than it does to write a clear,
legible, running hand.
A TENOR VOICE— H. F. L., Los An- '
• 'al. "An individual with a toler- j
ably good tonor voice, who is anxious to i
appear on the vaudeville stage, " should 1
consult a teacher of vocal music, who will
inform him if he is qualified to "go and
sine boIos." Those who are artists in that I
re paid according to their value as i
drawing cards for the house in which they
appear. Salaries range from $20 to $UK)
and upward.
THE MARINE HOSPITALS— W. H. It,
Ash Fork. Ariz. The marine hospitals of
the United States are open to sailors of i
the merchant marine for medical serv- ,
ice. Such hospitals are maintained by ,1
tax of 4') eenis per month levied on "the
seamen of all American vessels, payments |
by sailors from foreign ships when ad
mitted on the order of the Consuls or
captains ($1 per day) and deficiency ap
propriation by the Federal Government.
A DELINQUENT POLICEMAN— W.B.,
City. If a member of the San Francisco
police force owes a bill for groceries and
refuses to pay it, the party to whom he |
is indebted can commence an action
against him in the Justice Court for the
amount due. if under $300, or he can
make a complaint to the Board of Police
Commissioners. There is a rule of the
board that officers must pay their bills,
and if they do not they have to appear
and show cause why they do not.
LONG DISTANCE RlDlNG— Larkin
street, City. Four men started in the long
distance broncho race in San Francisco |
in ISSO. It commenced May 15, and was j
for ninety hours' riding, lifteen hours per !
day, at the Bay District track. The en
tries were Reyes, Anderson, Derrick and
PeraltO, Two dropped before ridng 700 j
milts. The money was divided as follows: !
Anderson, with a record of 1304 miles; !
Reyes. 1254 miles: Derrick, 680 miles, and I
Peralto, 586. If by the question "Which '
was the toughest rider?" is meant which I
displayed the most endurance, then the
answer is, Anderson. This department
does not know the present whereabouts of
Anderson, the winner of first money.
FARMERS" INSURANCE COMPA
NUBS—V. 8., Santa Rosa, Cal. By the
law of April, 1897, a County Farmers' Mu
tual Insurance Company can transact
business only in the county in which it is
organized, consequently the Sonoma
County Farmers' Mutual Fire Insurance
Company of Santa Rosa transacts husi
onl> in Sonoma County. The com
panies of that character in thia State at
t 1 is time are the Humboldt County Fire
lie; Mutual Fire Associate, Paso
Koines: Orange County Farmers' Mutu
al .'ire. Santa Ana; San Diego County
Kite Association. San Diego: Sonoma
County Farmers' Mutual Fire. Santa
Ventura County Mutual Fire
Han liv. n. l\ 1 ntura.
QUO VADIS— H. T. L., Nevada City,
cal. "Quo Vadis, a Narrative of the
Time of Nero." was written in 1896 by
Henryk Sionkiewicz, and it was published
in the English language by a Boston firm
in January. 1817. Sionkiewicz was born in
Lithuania. Poland, in W7* he went with a
company, Including Helena Modjeska, to
the south' part of the State of Califor
nia l " •• an idea! Polish colony, but
upon thf failure of that scheme he re
turned to his native place and there wrote
the works which brought him prominently
before the public. While in the United
States he wrote letters on American top
ics, but he wrote the narrative named in
his native country.
PROVING THE
CASE AGAINST
HENRY BEACOM
Accused Incendiary in
a Tight Place.
■
MARGARET SHIELDS' STORY
TELLS HOW SHE ASSISTED TO
FIBE A DWELLING.
Carried Out All Furniture, Even to
the Mantelpiece, Removed the
Folding Doors and Ap
plied the Match.
■ Tf Henry Beacom succeeds in cloarine;
j himself of the charge of arson a{
him he will have to put up a sti
that will break a few cogs from
wheels' of justice. Yesterday morning hi a
case went to trial, and before the night
fell he was apparently bopeli MI3
j tagled in the meshes of evidence. Mrs
Margaret Shields, accused jointly
Beacom on a charge bf having fln
residence of John T. and Julia Shields at
201 Virginia avenue on the night of Sep
! tember 25, 1898, and who subs, q
'. pleaded guilty, was the strongest wit
ness against Beacom, but there were
others.
Mrs. Shields took the stand and imme
-1 diately launched into the story of the
burning of the Shields residence
said that although she pleaded guilty to
the, charge against her she did n I
fire to the house, she simply offered Bea
con all the furniture and $K»0 in coin If he
: would apply the torch. She wanted to
burn the house to get the mount of an
insurance policy she held upon it. When
. the plan was finally perfected the wit
i ness and Beacom carried all the furni-
I ture out. but when it Came to the mantel
piece it was too heavy and Mrs. Beacom
assisted. Then they took out the folding
doors, ripped up the rioor, poured the
contents of three large coal oil cans
around the house and B. acorn applied the
match. "But he made a bad job of it,"
said Mrs. Shields, referring to the efforts
of Beacom to burn the house, "and the
fire boys came and put out the fire before
it was fairly started."
Mrs. Shields rounded out her story re
garding the setting fire to the building,
and concluded it by saying that she had
been playing the races and was a little
short and needed money.
When asked by Beacom's counsel
whether she expected to bo leni
dealt with for testifying againsi Beacom,
she said, "The police simply told me to
tell the truth, and sure I ex
off altogether." It is needless to say that
she will doubtless be disappointed.
When Mrs. Shields left the stand with
the impression that she had vindicated
herself and through her testimony had
red her release. Lillian D. Mullen,
Who resided with Mrs. Shields, took the
stand and corroborated all the statements
made by the first witness. In addition
she said that when Beacom had all ar
rangements made to Bet tire to the dwell
ing and was adjusting his sal
prior to igniting them she came along,
and Beacom banded her a lighted match
and ordered her to set fire to the build
ing She refused and ran away, ana
Beacom did the "job" himself.
The case goes on to-day.
SAN MATEO COUNTY TROUT.
Fishes Are Being Illegally Caught
in San Mateo Creek and Sold
to Belmonters.
The Supervisors of San Mateo County
dispensed with the services of a game
warden last year, and as a result game
and fish are now being killed out of sea
son by poachers.
Last Sunday a poacher happened into
Waltermeyer's saloon at Belmont and ped
dled out to lovers of trout between two
and three hundred pounds weight of
steelhead. which were caught in San Ma
teo Creek, netfr the Crystal Spring dam,
l>y means of nets, which were dr.
through the deep pools. The Constable of
Belmont did not take any particular no
tice of how the law was being trans
1, and as a consequence the p
er succeeded in making, a good sale of his
catch. The same man. it is said. h;i>
netting quails in the vicinity of Belmont
for several "months.
In the Divorce Court.
Josephine ' Woojley was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Horace — . Woolley
on the ground of extreme cruelty. Ella
B. Nicholas has been .granted a divorce
from William Nicholas on the ground of
willful desertion. A decree of divoi
the ground of desertion has also
gi anted Arthur R. Huglfes from Mary K.
Hughes. Suits for divorce have been file!
by I.cuise M. Beckworth against A. K.
li.ckworth on the ground of failure to
provide; Gertrude Lippert against Wil
liam Lipperton the ground of cruelty;
Jacob Hipps against Annie Hipps on the
ground of infidelity, and Katherine Tr v
athan against Charles E. Trevathan on
the ground of failure to provide.
Artists' materials, house and floor paints
and fine bath enamels cheap at Sanborn
& Vatl's.
The best Easter gift for your Eastern
friends. Townsend's California Glace
Fruits, 50c lb. in fire-etched boxes or Jap
baskets, 627 Market. Palace Hotel bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 6lo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Judicial Levity.
The Police Justice wtoo had the reputa
tion of being a strictly upright an J honest
officer of the law, and had little business
in c6nsequence, looked lugubriously at
the frayed edges of the judicial overcoat.
"I am sorry." he said, "but I shall have
to bind you over."— Chicago Tribune.
The best appetizer and regulator of the di
gestive organs is Angostura Bitters, prepared
by Dr. J. O. B. Siegert & Sons.
Accomplished Its Object.
"That motor you are interested in never
worked, did it."
"Of course it worked, was the indig
nant reply- "It never pulled any cars or
moved any machinery. But it made
money for its owners, and that's more
than most inventions do. "— Washington
Star. _
Roksm-
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking; powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
ROYAL BAKIKO POWOCR PP.. NEW YORK.REINDEER FOR
THE ALASKAN
POSTAL SERVICE
Wi 1 Be Brought From
East Siberia.
ARE AS STRONG- AS A HORSE
.WILL. CARRY A MAN AND HIS
PACK ALL DAY LONG.
Ex-Sloop-of-War Thetis Being Fitted
• to Bring a Cargo of the Ani
ir.a'.s to Alaskan
. • Points.
The United States revenue cutter Thetis
"Is to be fitted out for a cruise In the
• -Okhotsk Sea and along the Siberian
'■• coast. She was at one time classed as a
.i ."sioop-of-war, but for a year past has
•/ "been on the list of "unserviceable" ves
sels, The revenue marine was in want of
:.".'"a . vessel, however, so the Thetis was
hauled out of retirement and handed over
to that branch of the service. She will
; be fitted out at Main-street wharf, and it
": will take at least a month to get her
." ready for service.
;•'.: . Undo Sam is going to use reindeer to
carry his mails in Alaska, and it is for
■ the purpose of securing the proper breed
of . these animals that the Thetis is going
to the Siberian coast. The deer found
•• .there are as large as. pony and will
'" carry a man and liii- pack from twenty
to twenty-five miles a day. Lieutenant
V D. .11. Jarvis, who went north to rescue
. the whalers, will go out as master of the
vi Thetis, and with him will go Sheldon
~ -Jackson and probably Leo "Williams, one
of the best-informed whaling captains in
the Pacific. Captain Williams is as
•. ;< familiar with the soa of Okhotsk as he is
: with the Arctic Ocean, and knows where
V all the big deer stations are. • If he goes
/° it will be as pilot of the Thetis.
„ .. ' "The reindeer on the < Okhotsk side of
Siberia are far larger' and stronger ani
mals than those found on the Bering
V'Sea Ide," said Captain Williams yester
/day. •I:. Bering Sea they are to be, found
;•• iv small herds from Plover Bay to East
 : Cape, but they are neither large nor
=■■" "strong. [1 was a herd of these animals
that was riven to the Mackenzie River
. to feed the starving whalers, so Lieu
-. tenant Jarvis knows what kind of ani
■ mals they are.
" .-" • "On the Okhotsk side of the Siberian
" coast you will fund the deer in herds of
; from 40.000 to 50,000. The bucks are as
.' : . large as a fair-sized horse ami are
'." trained to do everything that a horse
• : can do. They are not comfortable ani
-'.C/mals to ride, but they make good time.
{ "-I'll "never forget my experience' on the
V back of one of the brutes.. The saddle
'/has to be put on the reindeer's shoulders
-," as it can carry no weight on its back
like a horse, He is bridled the same
-'as you would bridle a steer, and his huge
'■'* antlers come In handy when you are go
ing up hill, as the reindeer is much lower
aft than be is forward. Before I got onto
that ur.Uer business I went over the stern
"■ of that several times, and that
, was no joke I can tell you. They travel
" at a smart trot, and every time a hoof
'• strikes ihe ground you come down on the
■' saddle with a thud that jars. I tell you
those Alaska postmen are going to have
lots of fun before they get used to rein
deer riding. ■ , ,
■'•• "When he reindeer are being, worked
■'they have to be fed just; the same as .you
, would a horse, and a 'smudge lire has to
bo built every night to keep the mosqui
' toe.s away from them, otherwise the insect
• would soon kill the deer. They are as
s tame and gentle as a kitten, and a we.l
broken animal will briny from " ! to 00
rubles in Siberia, while an ordinary ani
mal is worth 40 rubles, l think the rein
■• deer will prove a success, and next win
: ter we will have mail from Kotzebue
Sound and all intermediate points at reg
ular intervals. If the Klondike keeps on
• growing 1 wouldn't be a bit surprised to
' see a daily mail from there in the winter."
: ' The Thetis will get away from here
: "about the first week in May, and will go
■■ to Yokohama and thence to Siberia. She
\vas towed down from Mare Island yes
terday by the revenue cutter Bear.
TRAMP STEAMER ETTRICKDALE
Chartered by the Mail Company to
Carry Surplus Freight^Mrs. Josie
Anderson Attempts Suicide.
The British tramp steamer Httrickdale,
irter to the Pacific Mail Com
aml that company's steamer City
Iney arrived in port yesterday The
tramp is from }\~ .iiirkuiig via Yokohama,
• and brought merchandise only. The Syd-.
in Panama and Central Arnerl
«ught fifteen cabin,
t-ight. and fifteen Chinese passen
gers. Among those In the cabin, was Miss
Tabor, who has spent the last year
■ and a half in New York- and now returns
to her home in San Francisco. J. S. Ausch
net. Superintendent of Public Works In
Living on the Reputation of Others,
V : "Take everything that I have but my
■■/' good name; leave me that and I am con-
)j\ tent?'. So said the philosopher. So say
:.'". all manufacturers of genuine articles to
; that horde of imitators which thrives
;;•*•■' upon the reputation of others. The
■■'■ good name of
POKOVS PJLASTJEItS)
:?-'. has. induced many adventurers to put in
:■:%' the market imitations that are not only
lacking in the best elements of the gen-
uine article, but are often harmful in
I their effects.
The public should be on their guard
:\ against these frauds, and, when an ex-
ternal remedy is needed, be sure to insist
upon having Allcock's Porous Plaster. |,
HOW UNCLE SAM'S MAIL WJLL BE CARRIED IN ALASKA NEXT WINTER.
Philadelphia, and W. A. C. "Williams, man
ager of the horseshoe nail trust in Hart
ford, Conn., and his private secretary,
l-\ W. Hinman, were also passengers.
On the passage up the coast Joe Castine,
one of the Sydney's waiters, died of in
termittent, fever and was buried at sea.
The ship Spartan is lying in the stream
awaiting the arrival of the Nlppin Main
from the Orient. The Spartan has 2000
tons of coal aboard which is for the
steamer's bunkers.
Ben Martland, first assistant engineer
of the Willamette, was knocked out yes
terday morning. The crew was engaged
in throwing wood out of the hold on .1. k
and Martland got in the way of one of the
It struck him on the point of the
law and for ten minutes he was (had to
the world. When he was sufficiently re
covered a "jolt" of Scotch whisky coun
teracted the after effects of the other
"jolt."
The British ship Bidston Hill is load
ing supplies at section 2 of the seawall
for the United States Government. She
will sail for Manila in about two weeks.
Mrs. Josie Anderson of 12 August alley
tried to kill herself with laudanum at
an early hour yesterday morning. She
was hurried to the Harbor Hospital,
where Dr. Frank Fitzglbbon worked over
her for an hour and finally saved her
life. Mrs. Anderson was divorced from
her husband about five months ago. She
has two children, who are living with her
mother while she has been trying to make
a living. She found it hard work to make
ends meet and gave up in despair. As
she left the hospital yesterday morning
she said she had no desire to live.
The United States collier Scindia ar
rived from Honolulu last night. She was
one of the supply ships that left New
York with the Oregon and lowa. When
the former was ordered to Manila from
Valparaiso the Iris and Scindia went with
her. On the way to Honolulu the crown
plates of the Scfndla's boilers gave out
and she had to be left behind. On arriv
ing at Honolulu she was repaired tem
porarily and now comes on here for a
thorough overhauling.
The transport Charles Nelson will not
get away until to-morrow owing to the
quartermaster's supplies being sent down
slowly.
Andrew Furuseth, secretary of the Sail
ors' Union of the Pacific, returned from
the East yesterday. He was. a delegate
to the American Federation of Labor and
was also actively engaged in the passing
of the eight-hour law.
George Wilson stole a case of sardines
from the sidewalk on Drumm street yes
terday and was locked up in the Harbor
police" station on a charge of grand lar
ceny. „
MARINE FIREMEN'S FINANCES.
Bernard Ward, Ex-Financial Secre
tary, Held for Embezzlement.
Bernard Ward, ex-financial secretary of
the Marine Firemen's Union, was yester
day held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan on the charge of
felony embezzlement in $3000 bonds. The
Judge reviewed the evidence and said be
was satisfied that a public offense had
been committed; that the union had been
willfully, wantonly and systematically
robbed of its funds in bank, and that the
defendant had a hand in it.
The charge on which Ward was he-Id
was for embezzling $4000 drawn from the
German Savings Bank March 1, 1597. There
are five other charges against him, and.
Monday was set to hear the charge of
embezzling $3000 drawn from the Hibernia
Bank.
French Society Dhectors Organize.
The board of directors of the French
Mutual Benefit Society elected last Sun
day met last night at 318 Post street and
organized as follows: A. Legallet, presi
dent; R. Chartrey, first vice president; .T.
B( rgez, second vice president; H. Fabre
gue, recording secretary; L. Bocqueraz,
financial secretary; E. Serveau, J.
Bernou, B. Reipa. J. Oerhardt, E. Re
mond. IT. Duvergey, T. Lacoste, P. Carries
and P. Berges. At the meeting to be held
in two weeks the modleal staff of the
hospital will be organize*
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
LOEHR'S CLOCK
PROVED TO BE
A FALSIFIER
Its Owner's Damning
Evidence.
BEARING ON THE ADAMS CASE
THE PRELIMINARY EXAMINA
TION RESUMED.
Efforts to Reconcile Officer Herlihy's
Statements With Those of Grip
man Cox — Sergeant Duke
Testifies.
Much of the time at the hearing of
-Mrs. Minnie Adams, charged with pofs
onlng her two-year-old son, was con
sterday afternoon In exposing
th.- vagaries of Druggist George W.
Loehr'a cuckoo clock. Mr. Loebr him
self testified to its utter unreliability
and general unworth. According to the
nee it is about as thoroughly dis
reputable a ticker as ever hung on a
wall, and no credence whatever can be
placed on it. Just imagine a clock that
without any provocation will brazenly lie
to the public by simply showing its "face
and whirling its dupes on toward the
grave before their allotted time, or else.
misleading its victims Into loitering on
the way until suddenly they awake to a
realization that the world has left them
behind, and while everybody else is go
ing to church or the ball game on Sun
day they are dragging along with the
affairs of day before yesterday! If that
(1-uk were placed on trial for perjury it
would just naturally lie out of conviction
by showing the Judge that it hadn't
been arrested yet.
Think of the havoc it might play with
Druggist Loehr's customers if they un
dertook to take their medicines by it.
P\>r instance, a man who had to take a
powder after breakfast would just as
likely an not have to wake himself up
I when his own timepiece said it was mid
night and trape.s around the bedroom
and fall over the hassock and wake u^
the baby just because of the propensity
ol that clock (or handling time no reck
lessly. Why, if a man started down to
thi corner for half an hour he might not
get home, again until breakfast time, and
he never would be able to convince his
Wife that it was all due to Loehr's clock.
It's a cuckoo, sure enough, and it's a
menace to the peace of the entire {Vest
em Addition.
No wonder the defense fought to ex
aiiy evidence in which that clock
I figured to account for the discrepancy in
S the time the defendant is alleged to have
left the drugstore and when she boarded
a westbound Geary street car ai tho
corner.
Aside from the thorough exposure of
the clock's unworth, little of importance
noi already made putlic was developed.
Policeman Herlihy was the lirst wit
ness. It was Officer Herlihy who stood
on the corner of Geary and Devlsadero
streets, at Loehr's drugstore, on the
evening of Sunday, March 12, and saw a
woman he identifies as the defendant
come out, and, removing the wrapper
from the bottle, tear off the label, which
Bhe threw away, after which she boarded
a westbound Geary-street car. As near
as he could fix the time thla was about
five minutes before 9.
Gripman Cox, who has already testified
that the woman rode on his car. fixed the
time at two minutes after 9. Herlihy
was subjected to a long and tedious
cross-examination at the hands of Bar
rister Guilfoyle. but held to his original
story in the main. He picked up the frag
ments of the label and took them into the
drugstore. It Was a red label, containing
the words, "Carbolic acid."
A bottle on which wan pasted a simi
lar label was shown him for comparison,
which the defense vigorously objected
to, as neither bottle nor label was the
original.
Sergeant Duke stated to a Call reporter
that it was impossible to find the bot
tle in which the acid was originally sold.
He said he made a partial search for it
on the day of the poisoning, and the fol
lowing day he went out to the Tyrrell
home to continue tho search, but found
Eddy Tyrrell, defendant's brother, had
carefully raked over the whole yard. It
was admitted, he said, that It was the
first time the yard had been cleaned up.
Druggist Loehr next gave his clock
a reputation for falsehood and unreliabil
ity such as no honest clock would sub
mit to without resenting.
Then Sergeant Duke was called to the
witness-stand and had not concluded his
direct testimony when court adjourned
until 2 o'clock this afternoon. His testi
mony, as far as given, was identical with
that he gave at the Coroner's inquest.
The defense will undoubtedly subject him
to B rigid cross-examination in the hope
of tripping him up on some points of
vital importance.
CRUELTY NOT PROVED.
Quick Verdict of the Jury in the Case
of "White Hat" McCarty.
It took the jury In the case of "White
Hat" McCarty, charged with cruelty to
his horses, in Judge Graham's court yes
terday afternon less than a minute to re
turn a verdict of not guilty. Prosecuting
Attorney Wentworth conducted the prose
cution and Colonel Kowalsky represented
the defendant.
The witnesses for the prosecution testi
fied that the horse* had been without hay
and had gnawed the fences in their hun
ger. Some of the fourteen were in good
condition and some were not. Witnesses I
for the defense, Including J. C. Nealon,
ex-Assessor, and Drs. Williamson and
Egan. testified that the horses wen- a.s
well fed as their requirements called for,
and employes of the defendant and the
defendant himself testified that hay was
sent out to the lot daily more than suf
ficient for their needs. It was also testi-
Qed that horses will always gnaw red
wood fences when they can get the
chance. The defendant's instructions to
his men were to treat tho horses under
their care kindly and feed them well.
GOAT ISLAND PUNCTURED.
A Hundred-Foot Well Produces a
Good Water Supply.
Nature has deprived either the Contra
Costa or Oakland Water Company of an
anticipated profitable contract with the
Government. Water in abundance has
been found on Goat Island, and in conse
quence the Navy Department need not,
as was first thought necessary, arrange
for piping sufficient for the needs of the
new training school from Oakland.
Some time ago, when it was thought
necessary to pipe water from Oakland,
Captains Dickens and Glass, who have
charge of the naval training school, con
cluded that before any contract was let
il might be wise to prospect for water,
James W. Low of this city was given a
contract to bore for water, and at the
depth of lot) feet water was struck. Then
the Government contracted with Low to
bore a 24-inch well and to supply an en
gine and boiler to drain it. It is esti
mated that this well will furnish 50,000
gallons of water a day, an amount suf
ficient for the needs of VW) persons, a
number greatly in excess of that which
will constitute the personnel of the new
school.
As soon as the water supply was fount!
a "good luck" telegram was sent to Sena,
tor Perkins, but while he is congratulat
ing himself over the discovery, the OaK.
land Water companies are not over
jubilant, for the water is not theirs to
sell.
UNDERWRITERS WHO
SOUGHT SOLITUDE
SECRET SESSION OF INSURANCE
MEN AT CLIFF HOUSE.
Talked on Rates and Commissions,
but Came to No Definite Con
clusion on Either.
The Pacific Coast Board of Underwrit
ers sought solitude out at the Cliff House
yesterday, where the members might con
fer within sound of the sea, yet out of the
reach of messages from their respective
various offices.
The session was a continuation of the
one held recently In Monterey. As the
business was not completed down there
the board hunted around for some other
secluded spot, and found it at the ocean.
The day was spent in talk — talk of rates
and commissions, and the discussion never
advanced so fax as a decision on any
thing important.
The rates on San Francisco property
caused most of the argument. They were
in process of "equalization" ' during the
greater part of yesterday's session, and
another day will be spent on them before
they are finally brought down or up to
satisfactory bhape. It was explained by
Charles D. Haven, president uf the board,
that many things have conspired to
change insurance conditions— better fire
fighting facilities, more and larger water
mains and hydrants. Improved apparatus
and a better class of buildings. So the I
rates are unjustly high in some places,
and, he was willing to add, unjustly low
in others. That is the reason they are '
being equalized.
Another subject was commissions to be
paid "premium getters." or insurance so
licitors, but nothing definite was done in
that direction either, says the president.
The session was held under cover of the
profoundest secrecy. No one would say a
word about .what had been done except
the president, and he was authorized to i
give out only the barest outline. They did i
not see what interest the public, the pre
mium-paying public, had in their affairs,
and they declined to say whether they
attacked local rates with a pruning- knife
or a spring rain. They will secrete them
selves downtown to-day and will do some
more talking.
Writing papers, pens, inks, blank books
and legal blanks cheap at Sanborn &
Vails. •
Sir Tatton Sykes Coming.
Sir Tatton Sykes. the English baronet
who ha.s been sojourning in the southern
part of the State, will arrive this morn
ing on the early train and will go to the
Palace, where apartments have already
been engaged for him. Sir Tatton Sykes'
family troubles have been widely airt.l
in the English courts of late and have
given him considerable unenviable notor
iety. Lady Sykes is responsible for this;
notoriety by reason of her peculiar finan
cial transactions which eventually en
tangled herself and her husband in all
kinds of legal proceedings. Hit reckless
expenditures of her husband's income re
sulted in his suing for a divorce, and it
was during the hearing of this suit that
charges were brought against the wife
of having obtained large sums of monty
on paper bearing the forged signature o"f
her husband.
Four years ago Lord and Lady Sykes
visited San Francisco and the actions of
the latter aroused the amazement of all
who witnessed them. She had a liking
for California wines, and after imbibing
she had a habit of throwing bank notes
in all directions about her.
Sir Tatton is not accompanied by the
lady this time and he will stay in this
city only long enough to rest, when he
will continue his tour around the world
Orpheum and Tlvoli tickets free by
buying your music, etc., at Bruenn's,
208 Post street. *
A Y. M. C. A. Leave-Taking.
At yesterday's meeting of the Mothers'
Club of the Young Men's Christian Aa
fiociation, Mrs. C. S. Wright presiding,
It was decided to celebrate the leave
taking of the old association building on
Butter street with a series of luncheons.
They will be given for the extension of
the association work, each denomination
taking one day in serving. The luncheons
will be given four days, beginning Tues
day. ADril V
FINAL ARGUMENT
IN RACE TRACK
INJUNCTION SUIT
Murasky Takes Case
Under Advisement.
NIGHT SESSION OF COURT
PROMISES TO RENDER A DECIS
ION SATURDAY.
Will Rule Whether the Police Can Be
Debarred From Entering the
Grounds at Ingleside
Without Warrants.
The question whether Chief Lees and
the officers under his command shall be
debarred from entering the grounds of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club at Ingle
side to enforce the anti-poolsolling ordin
ance passed by the Boar.l of Supervisors
on March 13 now rests largely upon the
decision of Superior Judge Murasky in
the injunction proceedings Instituted by
the racing association. The case was sub
mitted to the court at 10:30 last night,
after arguments extending over three
days, and a decision will be rendered Sat
irday, covering all the points at issue.
.The court has three motions under ad
visement—lirst, the motion of the Jockey
Club to net aside the modification of Judgo
Dsingerneld'a injunction and to restore
the original injunction; second, the mo
tion of the respondents for the dissolu
tion of the original injunction, and the
motion of the respondents to set the caso
for trial. The granting of the first wouid
act to res-train the police from entering
the racetrack grounds for the purpose of
securing evidence of violation of the or
dinance or making arrests of bookmakers
and their employes except on warrants.
The second would leave matters as at
present so far as the interference with
the authority of the police is concerned
temporarily, and the third would bring
the entire matter into court for a final de
cision on the merits of the entire con
troversy in the Superior Court, subject to
appeal to the Supreme Court.
'I he arguments have been exhaustive
on both sides, the case of the respon
dents being ably presented by Attorney
Garret McUJnemey and District Attorney
Murphy, while the rating association
was represented by Attorney Ach. The
latter mad.- tin- opening argument and
Mr. Mcßnerney followed, concluding his
argument Tuesday afternoon.
Argument on behalf of the respondents
was resumed yesterday at H::iv a. m. by
District Attorney Murphy, who con
sumed an hour in citing' additional au
thorities and presenting further reasons
why the court should refuse the petition
of the racing association to set aside the
modification of the injunction. Judge
Murphy's argument was along the same
lines as that of Garret McEnerney, who
preceded him and whose conclusions in
the premises he unqualifiedly indopsed.
being a contention of the absolute legal
right of tin police to enter the grounds
of the plaintiff, with or without their
consent, for the purpose of preventing
the commission of crime, whenever they
had good reason to believe that a viola
tion of the law was being committed
or its violation was contemplated
therein and taking the ground that the
authority of a court of equity could not
successfully be invoke. 1 to protect law
breakers from the consequences of th< ir
misdeeds or restrain the police from for
cible Interference to prevent the commis
sion thereof.
•The District Attorney said the police
disavowed any intention or desire to. in
terfere with the corporation in the exer
else of Its proper functions and privileges.
Chief Lees and his subordinates had not
attempted to interfere with the racing of
horses at the track, but only to prevent
the selling of pools on the races and to
arrest those engaged in so doing. In this
they had acted within their authotity. as
poolselling had been declared a misde
meanor by the Board of Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco in
the legal exercise of it* legislative power.
He placed the Pacific Coast Jockey club
on the wimc plane with the bookmakers,
inasmuch as it had sold the latter the
privilege of doing business at thy race
track, and had by so doing placed Itself J
in the position of an accomplice in the !
violation of the law. He declared that
the principle that a man's house is his
castle had no application in the case of
the racing association's grounds, as the
latter was a place of public resort, and j
as such was subject to the supervision '
of the police power of the city and county
that order might be prserved and the
welfare of the community be conserved.
"1 hold that the police have the legal
right to enter any theater or hall or other
place where public gatherings are held
lor the purpose <>f guarding against the
infraction of tho laws of the community,"
said Mr. Murphy. "This racetrack is a
public place and subject to the police
regulations of the city. The public is in
vited to gather there to witness contests !
of speed between horses, and any person
is freely admitted to the grounds without
question on the payment of an admission
fee. It would be a strange condition of
affairs if tho officers of the law alone were
to be debarred from entering the grounds
because the proprietors of the racetrack
objected to their possible interference
with the unlawful practice of gambling, !
as conducted by the bookmakers with
their sanction and indorsement. I ask the i
court if the police are to be prohibited
from entering public resorts where all :
other citizens are freely admitted, not- ;
withstanding they have reliable informa- ;
tlon that a crime is being or is about to
be committed therein?
"I ask further. Will this court hold that
an arrest cannot be made until after a
crime has been committed and have the
police officers of this city no authority
to arrest a man when they have reliable
information that he is about to commit
a crime, without a warrant?
"Suppose the dead walls of this city
were placarded with the announcement
that an indecent performance was to bo
given In a certain hall or theater and
the Chief of Police should send a force
of officers to the place for the purpose of
preventing a violation of th<- laws and the
proprietor of the hall or theater should
object to their entrance— would the court
hold that they had no right under the ',
law to enter regardless of his objections? j
"I understand there has been filed here-!
by the plaintiffs an affidavit that there
has been no pools told at the racetrack
since the anti-Rambling ordinance was
passed. We have the affidavits of Chief .
of Police Lees, Captain Witman and Cap- !
tain Glllen. which have been filed in this i
case, to the effect that the selling of
pools has been carried on at the track
in their presence, openly and flagrantly,
on at Last two occasions since the pass
age of that ordinance. The Police De
partment is in duty bound to enforce the
observance of the laws of the city and
Ptat« and its usefulness would be Berious- i
ly Impaired If the Chief of Police and'
lus subordinates should be restrained i
from the exercise of their official func- '<
tions, as is contemplated by the original '
injunction in this case."
At the conclusion of the District Attor
ney's argument proceedings were con
tinued until 7:30 p. m.
When court reconvened in the evening
Attorney Ach began his closing argu
ment without loss of time. He took ex
ceptions to the statements of opposing
counsel that the parties applying to a
court of equity for relief must come In
to court "with clean hands."
"Our hands are clean," he declared
• -Tii. Pacific Coast Jockey Club has com
mitted no crime and has violated no ord
inance or law of the city or State. It
has a charter and a franchise from the
State of California to conduct racing
contests in the city and county of San
Days of the Horse Numbered.
The greatest electrician in the world declares
that the days of the horse are numbered, and
that in a short time electricity will completely
supplant man's most useful animal. In 20
years, he asserts, the horse will be a curiosity.
Diseases of the stomach, liver, kidneys and
blood would also be a curiosity If all sufferers
would take Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. There
■would then be practically no dyspepsia, ner
vousness, sleeplessness, indigestion, constipa
tion. maJarial fever and ague.
Francisco for a period of fifty years from
is%. It is the owner of a valuable tract
of real estate which is ail paid for, and
has expended in improvements thereon
$250,000. The value of this property has
been greatly depreciated by the action
of the police in invading the grounds of
the association, without due process of,
law, and arresting its patrons lor the
alleged violation of a city ordinance.
Moreover, if these unwarranted raids are
permitted to continue the improvements
l have referred to, amounting to a quar
ter of a million of dollars, will be ren
dered utterly valueless and the associa
tion will have no redress at law for the
reason that the Chief of Police and me
officers who accompany him are not
financially able to maKe adequate rep
aration should a suit for damages be de
cided against them."
Mr Ach cited decisions from innumera
ble authorities in support of his conten
tion that the police had- no legal right
to enter the grounds of the plaintiffs
without a warrant, but finally, in re
sponse to questions by Mr. McEnerney.
he admitted that the injunction desired
by the racing association was ' not one
to prevent the police from entering tne
grounds, but to restrain them from ar
resting the patrons of the race track, be
cause such action tended to drive away
the patrons of the track and injure the
business of the corporation."
In concluding his argument, Mr. Ach
declared that the crusade against pool
selling was inspired by certain newspa
pers which had only recently published
articles denouncing the Chief of Police,
but which, since he had raided the race
track, had lauded his action. He alat.
cautioned the court to beware of news
paper articles written in connection with
the injunction proceedings, as they were
written with the knowledge that they
would "come under his eye." The case
was then submitted.
Professor Rolfe to Lecture.
Professor Henry W. Rolfp of the I'ni
versity of Chicago will lecture under the
auspices of the California Club on Mon
day evening, April 3. in the o!un lecture
room at the Y. ML C. A. building. Sub
ject, "Robert 1-ouis Stevenson." Profes
sor Rolfe is at the head of the literature
department of the Chicago University
and has been lecturing in the southern
part of the State, where he has bet-n in
such demand that he has lectured twice
a day. He departs April 4 for Honolulu.
The proceeds of the- heture are for the
purchase of easts to add to the small
picture library which the civic depart
ment of the club has purchased for the
purpose of loaning, for public school dec
oration.
Wants His Patent Back.
A. \V. Robinson. Sfti Geary street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Conlan's court
■iliiy for the arnst of Thomas Therl
fal ..ii n charge of felony embezzlement.
Robinson is as^nt for Milton Philbrok.
who owns a patent bicycle lock which the
defendant Rot into tvla possession on Feb
ruary 16 and refuses to deliver up.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining: the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
! tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
LOUISVILLE, KY. NEW YORK. W. Y.
For sale by all Druceists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
ij ~~~Mfr~^ SAVE YOUR "money 1 1
\JL From $10 to $17.50 j!
a£si!ffl\ You can get the best Ail-Wool i 1
1 «Smns Suit Made to Order at i,
|! 111 JOE POHEIM;
i / TBHfigs'' If you want a f.rst-c ass, ( >
1 |$;dy? well-fitting suit of c'othes /
nNK| from $20 to $40 io to i
; II JOE POHEIM :
i *vj» Fine Clothes at 25 per 'i
i cent less than elsewhere. ./
' 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bu«h. (|
I ' ' l 0" ' !' ? i _ tt r t i e - St..S. F. _ '
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK. .
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Years
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD, GLASS, METAL, STONE. BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any < tiler
paint, stands 600 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL. ARTISTIC, DURABL3,
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and
FOULING In SALT WATER, CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGA-
MOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
t\ and 61. Chronicle Building. S. F.
SKIN, SCALP, >«*w
COMPLEXION. jWi
Itching, burning, irritated skin, ,U«a Jy
Ecaly, crusted scalps, falling hair
and dandruff and blemished com- ' tm-^
plexions instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition" by the daily use of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and purl-
fying- Sold everywhere.
AMUSEMENTS.
A GREAT BILL AT
THE CHUTES!
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT 1
Amateur Trilby Dance.
DERENDA, Monarch of Club Swingers.
LAURENT. King of Magic.
Till' FOUR MILTONS. Refined Musicians.
I SHERMAN & MORRISEY, the Great Comedy
Acrobats.
NEW ANIMATOSCOPE VIEWS, ETC.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
FREE TO MILLIONS
OF SUFFERERS.
The New Cure for Kidney, Bladder
and Uric Acid Troubles.
Almost everybody .who reads the
.newspapers is sure to know of Swamp-
Root.
It is the great medical triumph of the
nineteenth century; discovered after
years of scientific research by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist, Dr.
Kilmer, and has truly wonderful pow-
ers in curing kidney, liver, bladder and
uric acid diseases.
Kidney trouble is responsible for more
sickness and sudden deaths than any
other disease, and is so deceptive that
thousands have it without knowing it.
Thousands owe their health and v*-' Q
life to Swamp-Root and thousand,
more who to-day think themselves be-
yond help, can be made well by the usa
of this great remedy.
Swamp-Root has been tested in s*r
many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proved so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The Call, who have not
already tried it, may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mail.
Also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women
who owe their good health, in fact, their
very lives, to the wonderful curative
properties of Swamp-Root. Be sure
and mention the San Francisco Daily
Call when sending your address to Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at drugstores.
AMUSEMENTS. £|
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
Last Week and Crowded Nightly !
NERVES.
ONLY MATINEE -X- : - - - SATURDAY
15c, 25c, RE 6 s^s ED 35c, 50c.
NEXT WEEK.
"CHARITY BALL."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The' Great Romantic Opera Success.
ROB ROY!
PRICES.... 50c, 73c, $1 and $150.
NEXT WEEK. • ',
Bostonians* -"THE SERENADE."
SEATS NOW READY.
Big Bill ol Vaudeville Stars!
THE MATWEEFS, Europe's Greatest Acro-
bats. :...'■,
PANTZER BROS., Equilibrists.
MANNING AND WESTON, Star Vocalists.
OLA HAYDEN. Girl Barytone.
GYPSY QUINTET. New Repertoire.
PERCY HONRI, THE DARTOS. MR. AND
MRS, WILLIAM ROBYNS AND BARNES
AND SISSON.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; 'Opera
Chairs anil Box Seats", 50c.
Coming— Stars of Hopkins Trans-Oceanlcs in
conjunction with Orpheum features.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng — Proprietor aud Mgr. •
TO-NIGHT AT 8:10.
Balfe's Ballad Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
AN ALL-STAR CAST.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
TO BEGIN NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA,
"BEAUTIFUL GOLDEN LOCKS."
The Finest Home Production Ever Offered In
This City. ■.-..':
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 60c.
N. B.— reserved seat for the Matinee 250
OUR TELEPHONE, Bush S.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Eddy and Jones Streets.
, —THIS EVENING —
The Great Emotional Actress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by Albert A. Andruss and the Al-
hambra Eastern Stock Company, in .
the Latest New York Melo-
dramatic Success,
"SAVED FROM THE FLAMES"
NEXT WEEK.
. "MARRIED— NOT MATED." .
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices 10c, 15c, 25c and 350
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (^nc.) Lessee
A BRILLIANT OPENING !
SATURDAY EVENING April 1, 1599
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA CO.
THE BLACK HUSSAR.
3 years at the Grand Opera House, Philadelphia •
3 Prlma Donnas — Tenors— of 40.
Price*— Orchestra floor and dress circle
(reserved) $1 .OO
Admission— Orchestra floor, la:?t 4 row*
of Dress Circle BO
Family circle (reserved)... £0-,
Gallery (not reserved) 15
NOTE— Seats on sale all this week.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
to-night — second concert
PHILHARMONkFoRCHESTRA.
JAMES HAMILTON HOWE, Conductor.
ASSOCIATION HALL— POPULAR PROGRAM
ft -patents! i)
\2S^33O MARKET ST. S J.VSSS^
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged. .
Sterling i:- change firm.
Wheat and Barley future* advanced.
Spot Barley lower.
OatK, Corn ar.d Rye dull.
Hay continues weak.
Fe«d^tuffs unchanged.
Beans v d Seo»ls dull.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions lower.
Butter easy and Eg-ps steady.
Poultry unsettled. ■ Game dull.
Fresh fruits unchanged.
Hoss" lower. Beef firm.
Mutton and Lamb weak.
THE WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 29. 5 p. m.
The following ure the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those, of same date
last season, and rainfall- in last twenty-four
i » hours; Last This Last
' ctations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
•Vuroka . .-• °-'° :■■ ' S5 • us. 51
KVJriiufT" 0.20 -19.23 . 32.08
£acran"nto 0.00 13.91 *•»
Pan Francisco , 0.03 lf-S8 <-:*
P,.,,, n0 0.07 C.62 4.16
ian Luis blspo 0.00 14.82 . . 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 ; 4..3 5.28
San Diego Twice 4.:.4 4.09
Turns : 0.00 1.34 1 - b2
- San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
f4; minimum, 49; mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The barometer is rising rapidly over the
.; northern portion of the country. This is, caus
ing clear and partly cloudy weather over the
• greater portion of the Pacific Slope.
Light scattering showers fell at many stations
.'"along the Pacific Coast and' it is now raining or
enuwlns over the Rocky Mountain region
Frosts, which may be severe in • exposed
; plnces, will occur throughout the northern por
tion of the State if the wind ceases to-night.
: Conditions- are favorable fur fair weather in
.■California Thursday. . .
• Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 30. l? -9:
Northern California- Thursday: frost
to-night If the wind ceases.' probably severe in
expos. Dlacjs: fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Thursday, fresh
■west wind.
■ Nevada-— cloudy Thursday.
= Utah— Rain or snow Thursday.
' Arizona— Partly cloudy in south ■ portion;
probably snow In north portion Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
farmer; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON; Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 23.— The bull movement
a stocks, which started Saturday, received Its
first material check shortly before noon to-day.
The dealings were considerably above the mil- !
lion mark, with nearly a Quarter of a million ;
of the transactions in Brooklyn Transit. The '
(sensational advance in the ' forenoon brought |
about realizing tales on an enormous scale in '
the late session. Foreign exchange was strong i
and higher, especially on short bills. There was i
no "satisfactory supply of commercial bills, and !
the April settlements were given as the reason .
for the increased remitting demand, which was i
said to be unconnected with any anticipation I
of the (settlement of the Philippine indemnity
money. There was a flurry in call money, which |
ent as high as 7 per cent and closed- at 3%. i
These circumstances, together with the early
.strength In wheat, accelerated the afternoon
declines, which embraced even more stocks than I
' were prominent in the rise. Brooklyn Tran- j
sit made an extreme advance of nine points, |
dropped over eight and closed with a net ad- '■
vance of five points from the top.. Sales in i
thi.s .stock, which sold to-day over 100 points ■
above figures prevailing last April. '
-■were in Jurge blocks of stocks thrown
ever by traders on the ■! sclirie. Sup
jxirtins purchases by the parties identified ■
with the property resulted In a rally. As in
the manipulation of this stock many brokers
are used, it is difficult to say whether the de- ■
cline was on genuine realizing or to shake oS i
an undescribable . following. Although North- .
west closed with a gain of less than two points, j
It had at one time risen the -extreme of seven. I
New York Central, which at one time was up >
Cs. retained less than three of the rise. These !
el >cks were unusually, active and revived talk ;
of the possibility of a consolidation. It was '>
eaid that there had been enormous realizing by j
Interests active In manipulating the rise in j
several stocks, which were usually taken be- i
cause of the purchasing demand aroused by i
their recent strength. This, however. la a
matter of pure conjecture. Reports of a hitch
in the delivery of certain properties to the i
Continental Tobacco Company and talk of the j
stocks weak most of the day, American To- j
possibility of a trade ti^ht kept the tobacco i
t>acco being off over three points and Conti
nental 2%. Federal Steel and similar properties
fiufftred on realizations. Weakness also . de
,' veloped in General Electric, Rubber, Atchlsoat
prefern ci and the coalers. The granger stocks
showed good sains In the early period of
. strength and receded with the rest of the mar
ket in the early afternoon. The. market closed
weak and active, with many sharp losses.
• Railroad bonds participated fully in the va
garies of stocks to-day, but the ran£e was
well within the point of the taunt active Issues.
Total sales, $4,345,000.
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
quotations.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 1,14-1,600
shares, including: Atchlson, 6656; Atchlson pre
ferred, 60,560; Central Pacific, 6650; Burlington
83.240; C. C. C. and St. . Urals, 10,400; Illinois
Central. 11.320; Manhattan, 25.365: Metropolitan,
11,715; Mexican Central. 3400; Missouri Pacific,
25.575; New York Central, 64,320; Northern Pa
cific. 34,700; Northern Pacific preferred, 6500;
Northwestern, 19.512; Rock Island, 20;S30; Union
Pacific, 26,320; St. Paul, 21,550; Southern Pa
• cific, 4SSO: Southern Railway preferred, 10,555;
Union Pacific preferred, 26,962; W abash pre
ferred, 10.123; American Steel and Wire, 21,945;
Paper. 3000; American Tobacco, 13.136; Federal
Steel, 96,200; Federal Steel preferred, 25,000;
People's Gas, 38.000; Brooklyn Transit. 239,530;
Continental Tobacco, 33.250; Pacific Mall. 3370;
. Sugar, 20,000; Tennessee Coal- and Iron, 13.600;
rjubbcr. 4455: Continental Tobacco • preferred,
8210; Chicago Great Western. 13,150.
' ■{••:: : I CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21% St L Sf S W ". 11%
Do prefd 61V 4 i Do prefd ..' 33%
Baltimore <& Ohio. 72 St Paul J2BV4
Canada Pacific 86% Do prefd 170 '
Canada Southern.. 59'/i St P & Om :. 95%
■ Cent Pac 52V Do ptefd 170 "
Chea & Ohio 27%.50 Pacific 35%
•Chi & Alton ......178% So Railway ...:.. ..12%
Chi B & Q 144'b : Do prefd Gl*i
Chi & E 111 73 Texas & Pacific...-. 22U
. Do prefd 125 lUnion Pacific 48%
Chi G W 16 ; Do prefd ..; 82%
. Chi Ind & L SVjiU P D & G 12%
.. Do prefd 40 Wabash SVL
Chi &N \V ........160% Do prefd , : 23%
Do prefd I<t3' 2 Wheel & L E. 11«»
CCC& St L 59% Do prefd- ,32
Do prefd '97% ■ Express Companies-
Pel & Hudson 115', Adams Ex 113
'Del I> & W 172Vi 1 American Ex ....140
Den & Rio Q 23 : United States .... 53
• Do prefd :.. 75% Wells Fargo 125
-.Erie new 13% Miscellaneous' — .
- Do Ist prefd .... 38% A Cot Oil 36-
Ft Wayne 180 1 Do prerd ...' 52%
•"..Gt Nor prefd 192 Amn Spirits 13% ',
-"Hocking Val S%! Do prefd 38 I
' Illinois Cent 117* lAm Tobacco 222% ;
. Lake Erie & W.... 18% Do prefd 143
■ Do prefd 63% Cons Gas 204% I
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co 18S j
Louis & Nash 6394 Col F & Iron 35% I
Manhattan L 110% Do prefd »6 ■
Met St Hy 26«% Gen Electric 114%
Mich Cent 114 I Haw Com! Co 77
Minn & St L 52% i Brooklyn R T ....132%
Do Ist prefd '.»:* Intnl Paper ..54
Mo Pacific -i"' Do prefd 82 j
Mobile & Ohio 43 Lai-led^ Gas i,4
Mo X & T 13% Lead 34
Do prefd 39 " . Do prefd ...... . .112% |
X .T Central 117%! Fed Steel «ou I
X V Central 142 ; Do prefd SS% i
X V Chi &St L-... 14 Nat Lin Oil 514
Do Ist prefd .... 69 Pacific Mail 49%
Do -■: urcfd .... 33% People's Gas 124%
Nor West is Pullman Pal 161
•No Amer Co 9 Sliver Certificates. 60
No Pacific 52%! Standard It & T. 11 W
Do prefd IW4 Sugar 165%
Ontario & W 27 Do prefd 115
' Or H & Nay *0 T C & Iron 53
Do prefd 70 U S Leather 6%
Or Short Line .... 41%. Do prefd 73M)
pac Coast Ist pfd.. 88 V s Rubber 53%
Do 3d prefd ....62 | Do prefd 116%
Pitfsburg  ISO West Union 93%
Reading -'4 !Amn S & W Co.. 6414
0 Do let prefd 66 I Do prefd 100%
R Ci W M !'a« Coast 43
. Do prefd 76%: Colo Southern 6%
' Rock Island 120% Do Ist prefd .... 55
BiI&.RF 12 I Do '-■<! prefd .... 22%
Do prefd 71 (Con Tobacco 63%
Do a prefd .... 89%, Do "-efd 83%
CLOSING BOND?.
t; S 3s.^ MS IN V Central lsts..H4H
V S new 4s reg...;l» XJC 6a 11.';%
°oDo Coup 1-9 N Carolina Cs 130
D : ; is 112 Do 4s, JOS
„ Do* coup llS^iNo Pac ims 117
Do Sd.s »%' Do 3r 68
• V X 5s res ....112%' Do 4a...., 103%
Do°-6s coup Hi* X V C & St L .107%
. District 3.-559 H7 -Nor & W C.< 13..1
Ala class A HO , Northwestern c0n.1i2% |
Do H -' 11') Do deb . is 123 ■
Do C I?'J O Nay Ists ill
• Do Currency — 100 O Nay 4s 102
Atchison 48 10'J% O S Line 6s tr 325>4
Do adj is 53V6.0 S Line 5s tr 111%
Can So 2d» 110 (Reading 4s 59%
<• &' O 4V. S 93% R « W lots 30V 3
Chi Term 4s 100^4 St L & I M con £8.111%
C & Ohio r.H 119% st l & S f en 55.124Vt
C H & D 4^s 104% St P Con 163
D & It G lists IOBV4'Bt P C & P 1at5...121%
1) &P. G 4<3 101% Do 6a 120%
" East Term lste MB jSo Ry Ss 10.=:%
Erie Oen 4.s 73 |Stand R & T 65... 90
y VV & D lsts tr... 84>4lTenn new set "■<•■■■ '.''
Gen Elec £s 115 Tex Pac L G 15t5. .113
G 3 & : - A Cs 11l i Do Hii 2d« 63%
]■, -i.. .... 110 Union Pnc 4s 105%.
Ii ft T C r.s 112 |TT P D & O Ists... 9?-*
Do con 110 Wabasli Ist 5a 115*4
lowa Ists ....109 Do 2da •«>%
La new con 4* 109% IV Shore 45..... 114
L & N Uni 4s 96% Va Centuries....... 84%
Mo Pac -on da 120 Do deferred 9 •
M X & T 2ds €8% Wls Cent Ist* 67%
Do 4a 94 Colo Southern 45.. 80%
MINING STOCKS.
Chol'.ar 40 Ontario 5 00
Crown Point SO Oyhlr l 20
Con Oal «fc V....... 2 20 Plymouth 10
Deadv.ood 63 1 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 40 1 Do prefd « Sl >
Hale & Norcross.. S3 ' Sierra Nevada 120
Homestake 35 00 Standard 2 Go
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 60 :
Mexican .: 78 Yellow Jacket 80
" : ■'- BOSTON" STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Klec Tel ;.200
Call loans 3 ®4 ;Ateh prefd 01%
Time loans 3\itH\b, Bonds— ■
i Stocks— Atchlson 4f 100
Atch Top & St Fe. 21^;' Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 1B5'« AHouez Mln C 0.... 10
Do prefd Hu [Atlantic 33
Bell Tel 367 'Boston & M0nt. ...360
Boston & Albany.. 2so JButte & Boston 87
Boston & Maine. ..l7s ! Calumet & Hecla.."7o
Boston I. OS Centennial 4614
Chi Bur & Q 144 Franklin 26%
Fiti-liliurg 121 V. Old Dominion 45%
Gen Electric 114% Osceola 92%
Federal Steel 60 Vi Qulncy 135
Mexican Central... 7T4 Tamarack 249
Old Colony 202 | Wolverine 45%
Union Pac 48% Parrott 17%
West End S3.i Humboldt 2%.
Do prefd 113 Adventure 14%
Westlngh Elec 48% I Union Land 8
Do prefd £4 Winona 17
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 29.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets hero wore extremely Idle to-day
before the holidays. The tone was hard. i
Americans were steady until the afternoon,
when New York advanced New York Central
and Union Pacific on the old rumors, lifting
the general market. The close was at the !
best and there was a further rise on the street, :
though finally prices were rather below the I
best.
Money was in very strong demand. Tintos,
40%; Anacondas. 0 1-16; Utahs. S%; Bostons,
2%.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 29.— Canadian Pacific. 89%; i
Northern Pacific preferred, 81%; Union Pacific
preferred. 81 ex dividend; Grand Trunk, 8%:
bar silver easy, 27 7-16 d per ounce; money, 2%® j
3 per cent. •
CROP PROSPECTS FOR MARCH.
NEW YORK. March 29.— The Commercial Ail- i
vertiser to-day prints Thornan's April crop re
port. It estimates the present condition of
winter wheat at 84.2 per cent, representing a
decline of 6 per cent during the past month,
and as compared with December 1 13.3 per |
cent. On the corresponding date last year, the
i condition was returned at 89. S per cent. Re
turns from the six principal States east of the
Rocky Mountains (Ohio. Michigan, Indiana, :
Illinois, Missouri and Kansas) are practically
discouraging, showing an average condition of i
but 83.5 per cent, as contrasted with 91.1 per
cent last month and 86.6 per cent last April. |
The average condition for the States of Cull- ■
fc.rnla, Oregon and Washington la 89. 1 per cent. |
as compared with 90.9 per cent last month: 96.5 ,
per cent last December and 90.3 per cent on j
: April 1 last year.
1 NEW YORK PRODUCE EXCHANGE TO !
REMAIN OPEN GOOD FRIDAY.
NEW YORK, March 29.— Although all other j
' grain markets of the country will close on
| Friday, the Produce Exchange is scheduled to ,
| remain open. Two big petitions asking the
i board of managers to close the exchange were
j turned down, presumably to accommodate the
; alleged March "deal," which has been running
I along in this market for some time, Friday be
; ing the last delivery day. It is thought pos
; sible that the trade may adjourn after meet
: Ing or. Friday morning or at noon.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March F; OUR— Receipts, :
1 18,335 barrels; exports, 12.354 barrels. Market
j held higher on spring patents but firm and j
j unchanged for winter wheat flour.
i WHEAT— Receipts, 111,200 bushels; exports. J
103,691 bushels. Spot strong. .No. 2 red, S4',«c |
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened strong
and continued so all day. It was a crop |
scare, pure and simple, backed up with South
western buying orders and outside support.
English cables were higher, but foreign houses
sold at the start. Local traders covered vigor-
I ously throughout the session. The advance |
prevented export business. Closed 2%'ff2%c net j
higher and strong. July showing the greatest
rise. March. S2%@S4i4c. closed 84% c; May. 75%
'377 13- 16 c, closed 77"£c; July, 74 11-16'2~77 I ,ic.
closed 77 1 4 c: September, 72%@75%c, closed 75VkC.
HOPS— DuIL
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— ■
METALS— The local metal market was a j
email affair to-day, practically no changes be- ]
j Ing recorded in prices while demand at best ]
! was of a. hand to mouth cnaracter. Buyers :
', were disposed to go slow on the absence of |
Interesting news developments in the London
■ market or change of consequence at primary !
i points. Offerings continued small. At the i
■■ close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, nominal, with $10 50
I bid and $11 asked.
LAKE' COPPER— Unchanged, with $17 50 bid
j and $17 75 asked.
! .TlN— Unchanged, with $24 bid and $24 15
i asked. |
LEAD— Barely steady, with $4 37% bid. The ]
i brokers' price for lead was $4 20 and for cop- !
per 17%(g18c.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 35 bid and
$6 40 asked.
— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 4200, including: j
! April, $4 90; May. $5; July, $5.15; January,
Iss 70. Spot coffee— Rio, dull. No. 7 invoice,
6 l-16c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6 5-16 c. Mild— Quiet.
I Cordova, Si's 14c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady.. Fair refining, 3%;
: centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c
j Refined steady.
HlTTEß— Receipts, 5665 packages. Steady.
I Western creamery, 17@22c; Elgins. 22c; factory,
12@14%c; Imitation factory, 13%@18%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 24,102 packages. Steady.
. Western. ISc; Southern. 12%@12»;c.
DRIED FRUITS.
. NEW YORK, March 29.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7<BSVic;
prime wire tray, B%<SS?4e; choice, 9@9!4c; fancy.
Sf^flOc... "
PRUNES—
i APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@14c; Moorpark, 13%@
! 17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@Uc; peeled, 25®2Sc.
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO, March Wheat speculators
gave a fresh turn to the kaleidoscope at the
opening and what looked black and forbidding
at the close yesterday had a gaudy rainbow
' appearance when business commenced. May
< opened . %®%c higher at from 71% c down to
• 71% c, touched 71Vic for a moment and then
, began to rise; The Liverpool cables came firm
I Instead of being, as expected, weak. The j
I strength abroad was not nearly so powerful
; a i actor, however, as the home news about
j damage to winter wheat. Damage reports were
I general, coming from all quarters where win
j ter wheat is grown. The conviction forced
itself upon many skeptics that the amount of
Injury done by the unfavorable winter was
i greater than anything of the kind in a num-
I ber of years and much heavier than could be
I compensated for by increased acreage. Every
: countryman who had an acquaintance In the
i commission business appeared to have consid
i ered it a duty to report wholesale destruction
i to crops. The ordinary market Information re
i lating to receipts or shipments did not re
; ceive much attention. May consequently kept
rising from 71% c until the price reached 72% c.
At that point some realizing resulted in a
slight reaction. The market became very
Strong in the last hour of the session and rose
| rapidly from 73% c for May to 73% c, closing at
j 73^. July • made rapid strides to overtake
May and all but caught up at the end. They
were only '/fee apart at the ci-ose, July leaving
! off at 7:% c.
! Corn followed the advance in wheat with
! apparent 'reluctance during the first half hour
iof the' session, but after that the upward
i tendency was not so persistently opposed by
the bears and made more rapid progress. The
threatened lateness of the planting season was
' about the only Independent reason for strength
in corn. May advanced %c.
I OatH were llrm and higher in sympathy with
the other grains. May closed V (<i%c higher.
Provisions ruled quiet but strong at a moder
ate advance. The firmness was with grains.
: May pork closed 10c higher,, lard 2%c and ribs
Gc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
! May 71% , 73% 71% 73%
! July .70% . 73Vi 70% 73%
i Corn No. 2— • }
May 33% • 3C% 35% 3654
July 36% 37 36 37
! September- 36Ts 37% 36% 37%
! Oats No. 2—
May 26% 2674 26% 26"i
I July 23% 2% 2.. . 25%
! Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 9K% 9 2". 9 12% 9 22',i
July 930 9 37% 9 27% 9-35
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May : : 5 30 5 35. 5 30 5 35
; July 5 47% SGO 545 50
September 6 "*-.. 5 62 % 5 57% 5 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 77% 4 R2% 4 77% 4 82%
July , .4 HO 4-95 4 87% 495
September 5 02 '-i 5 05 5 02 5 05
Cash quotations were sis follows:
I Flour, dull and unchanged; No. 2 spring
1 wheat, 70%@72c: No. .3 spring wheat, GC@7o%c:
| No. 2 red. 74@75%c; No. 2 corn. 35'ic: No. 2
' oats 27%^27%c; No. 2 white, 30ffJ.31c: No. 3
white, 29%<530V4c; No. - rye, 53% c; No. 2 barley,
I 37047 c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 21%; Northwest,
$1 24%: prime timothy seed, S2 35; mess pork.
per barrel, $9 10©B IS; lard, per 100 pounds, $;. S3
©5 27%; short rib sides, loose, 54 45-(?4 83; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 4*d<i?4%c:- short' clear
i sides, boxed, $5 o.*>(Ss 10; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37.000 3R.000
Wheat, bushels 28,000 88,000
i Corn, bushels 158,000 115,00)
I Oats, bushels 414,000 243,000
I Rye, bushels'. 4.500 5.000
! Barley, bushels 24,000' , 10,000
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
THE SAN FBA3TCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, HAECH 30, 1899.
market was firm; creameries. 141; 21c; dairies,
llV4®lßc. Eggs, steady: fresh, ll%c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 11%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ; 300,200 38,710
Duluth ; 52.290
Milwaukee 17,000 1,400
Toledo 6,134 12,000
St. Louis 12,000 14,000
Detroit
Kansas City
Totals
Tidewater —
Boston 11,788
New York 11,200 103,091
Philadelphia ......
Baltimore GPS
New Orleans 236.000
Galveston
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 4% 5 4 ; v
Closing 5 5% 5 4%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening 42 70 43 35
Closing 42 65 43 35
Wheat—
Opening 20 S3 20 85
Closing 20 SO 20 80
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO
CHICAGO. March 29.— CATTLE were stronger
for the- better class of offerings. Sales were
on a basis of $4@4 50 for lightweight plain beef
cattle up to $5@3 €5 for pretty good to strictly
choice shipping beeves, exporters being good
buyers at $5. The built sold at ?4 65@5 35; West
ern fed steers, $4 20©5 50; Texas steers, $3 90®
3, .in calves, $4@6 90.
HOGS opened 5c lower, but firmed up about
'.'■. , later on the strength of a eood demand
on local and shipping account. Fair to choice,
$3 75@3 87%: heavy packing, $3 55@3 72%; mixed,
$3 ."'..•:; 82%; butchers $3 60@3 S3; lights, $3 554?
3 52%: pigs. $3 25@3 65.
SHEEP— Trade was r.nirr.ated and the re
cent advance was maintained. Poor to prime
sheep scld at $3 2S@5; yearlings, $4 75®5 10, and
lambs were In active request at $sifis 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 13,000; hogs, 30,000; sheep,
14,000.
THE BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 29.-The American Wool
and Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The
wool market is more active and an Improved
feeling generally prevails. There Is not likely
to be any large buying movement until the
arrangements connected with the worsted trust
are completed, although some of the mills
which are known to be In the combine have .
been in the market during: the past week and
have taken some wools and the dress people
have bought with some freedom, SO that the
total sales for the past week reach the largest
aggregate sum In some time. 3,786,000 pounds, of
which i nly 438,000 were foreign. Prices have
been steady.
The sales of the week in Boston .-.mount to
3,330.000 pounds domestic and 438,000 foreign.
making a total of 3,768,000, against* a total
of 2.390.000 for the previous week and a total
of 333,000 for the corresponding week last year.
Since January 1. 1899. th» sales amount to
44,832,500 pounds, against 35,775,950 last year at
the same time.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March Consols. 110%; silver,
27 7-16 d: French rentes, 102f 22% c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and Fellers apart; car
goes on passage, buyers and sellers apart, 3d
lower:- Walla Walla. 20s 9d; English country
markets, quiet. _
LIVERPOOL, March 29.— WHEAT Firm; No.
1 standard California, 6s 6d@6a 6%d: wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
Igj^Sß CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s
6d<S6s l- i. Futures closed quiet; May, 5s
5%d: July. 5s 4%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new steady,
3s fi'<.d. Futures, steady; March, 3s l s-l; May,
3s B%d; July. 3s 5%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 29.— Clearings, $223,
-596; balances, $39,411.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
* OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March 29.— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 57®58c; valley, 59c; blue stem, 59@60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. March 23.— WHEAT—
5Sc; blue stem, Clc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87--i
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 13
New York Exchange, telegraph.... — ]7,4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69^4
Mexican Dollars — 48 ,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The spot market was firm for mill-
Ing- descriptions especially. Futures advanced
under moderate trading.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07'.4@l 10; milling,
$1 12%@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
26.000 ctls. $1 12%. May— $1 09%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December 4ooo ctls. j
$1 13; 22.000, $1 13%; IS, OOO, $1 13%; 10,000, $1 13%.
May— «oCo, $1 10; 4000.- 51 09%.
Afternoon Session— 22,ooo ctls, $1 10. De
cember—2ooo ctls, $1 13%; 6000, $1 13%; 8000,
$1 13V4? 14,000. $1 13 I*.1 *.
BARLEY— There was a marked advance in
futures but the spot market was- lower and
dull.
Futures declined, owing to predicted rain.
Feed, Jl 17%@1 20; Brewing, $1 25@1 30 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— '99, new
4000 ctls, 84% c; 16,000. S4%c.
Second Session— Seller '99, new — 4000 ctls,
84% c; 12,000, 84% c. December -2000, SSc.
Regular Moaning Session— Seller '99, new
20,000 ctls. Sue; 6000, BS%c; 2000. 85% c.
Afternoon Session — Seller '99, new — 4000 ctls,
SSVsc; 6000, 85c; 4000, S4%c; t>ooo, Ss',4c. December
—2000, 83% c.
OATS— The market continues stagnant and
depressed.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl: good to I
choice, $1 37%01 40; common. $1 32>>.'(il 3.i; Sur- I
prise $1 45{i'l 50; Gray, $1 32>j^l 37*,4: Milling,
Jl 40@l 42Vi"per ctl; Red, $1 43&1 50; Black, Jl 30
@1 40.
CORN— old stereotyped quotations still
rule, with a dull market.
Small round Yellow, *1 23; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 1001 12V ; White, $1 10; mixed, Jl 07&<S>
1 10 per ctl; California White, Jl 12%.
RYE— V. 07V 2 @l 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
. FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras. $3 Ss@3 90; Oregon and Washington,
53(5-3 63 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 30; extra
cream Conuneal, $3 25: Oatmeal, ?4 30<?i4 75;
Oat Groats. ?4 75; Hominy, $3 2.">'i/3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4<ii4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. 54 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $« :■:,<■>(; 95; in sacks. $6 r/<i<; 75;
Pearl Barley. ?.'. Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas, j
?5 per 100 pounds. --:•.:
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market continues depressed, with
liberal arrivals. Alfalfa Is particularly weak,
being in over supply.
Bran' and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— sl7<ftlß per ton. ,r
MIDDLINGS— *I9©2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $28@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, *31@31 50; job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, J24@23; Cot
tonseed Meal. J28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
<22S 50; Cracked Corn, $241(.'5; Mixed Feed,
$19 Co@2o.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $15 50©17 for
good to choice, and $13015 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat, $13©1C; Oat. $12®15; Island
Barley. $12@14; Alfalfa, t9©lo 50.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $l."i<?T)14: Cheat,
$10 50®ll BO; Grass Hay, $9 50@10 50; Oat. $13®
14; Clover, $10 50@ll 50; Timothy, $11^12 per
ton.
STRAW— per hale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
P.enns are dull and dealers are willing to
make concessions on some kinds to effect sales.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75©1 85; Small Whites,
$2 IC@2 20; Large Whites, ?1 8001 90; Pinks,
J2 K>@2 15; Reds. S3 2."@3 35: Blackeye, $3 75(3
3 85; Butters, $2 2."ff?2 50; Limas, ?3 u()6j)S 60; Pea,
$2 2, r .#2 50; lied Kidneys. $2 6002 80 .per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 75@4 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, S3 25'fr3 50; Flax. $2 15<rT2 25;
Canary 2\i'ii2%c per rb; Alfalfa. B%e>9%c;
Rape. 2%@2%c; Hemp, 2V&@3c; Timothy. ,"i<f;."' -o.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1.65@1 70; Green, $20
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1051 boxes Asparagus, 804 boxes
Rhubarb and 133 'sacks Peas.
Potatoes are steady at unchanged prices. The
next -steamer will bring down 12,000 sacks from
Oregon. Onions are lower.
There -lß.no particular change in Vegetables,
though all the Asparagus did not clean up.
The best Rhubarb is going East at the rate
of a car load a flay from San Leandro, and this
market is .getting "the medium and lower
grades. The tendency Is downward in this
. Vegetable.. Co@l 75 per" ctl for E^rly Rose;
. POTATOES— JI <W1 75 per ctl for Early Rose; i
.51 :'« 1 75 lor River Burbanks; Sonoma and i
Marln Burbanks, $1 60@l 75 per ctl; Oregon,
$1 4C®l 60 for seed and :-$l 7501 95 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 50 ' for Merced; New Pota
toes, 3@4c per lb. -
ONIONS— SI@I CO per ctl. outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 7oc@Jl per box
for No. 2, SI 25®1 50 for No. 1 and $1 75®2 for
fancy; Rhubarb. 50@90c per box, for the general
run and <H-1 25 for fancy; Green Peas. 3'*«BBc;
String Beans, 12%@15c: Cabbage, $1 2a; Toma
toes, $2 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, — ■
per lb; Garlic, 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra, loc
per lb; Dried Peppers, . 10c; Green Peppers,
25c; Carrots, 25(5 35c per sack: Mushrooms, o@
10c per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, $I@l ->0 per
do?.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A carload of Eastern sold as follows: Hens,
?7@7 60; young Roosters, $7@S; old, do, $5 50@6;
Fryers, $6 50; Ducks, $7 50 per dozen; Geese,
$2 50 per pair; Live Turkeys, 13@16c per . lb.
Another car was received late in the afternoon.
Local stock continues firm, except Pigeons
and Broilers, which are In better supply ana
weaker. Turkeys are doing better.
The approach of Good Friday has weakened
Game.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14r;16c: live
Turkeys 12%@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c lor
Hens; " Geese," per pair, $1 50@l 75: Goslings, $. 25
©2 50; Ducks, $6@7 for old and $7(aS for young;.
He-is $5(56 50; young Roosters, SS@9; old Roos
ters '$3@5 25; Fryers, $7@7 50; Broilers. $5 oo@B
for large $3@4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per
dozen for old' and $1 75«12 for Squabs. _
GAME— Gray Geese, $3(f?3 50; White Geese,
75c@$l; Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for small; English Snipe, $3
per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was no change in any description. A
good Easter demand keeps Eggs firm. Butter
is still weak. Cheese is rather firm than other
wise.
Crilmfry-Fancy creamery, 18c; seconds.
1 7*7?; 17 Li c
17 DairY-Choice to fancy, 16@17c; common
gI ?HEESE @ -Choice mild new. U©U%c; old.
1.-.'., 1 ,;,!;! • Cream Cheddar. If®]^; Young
America 11%@12%c; Eastern, 11%® 14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@16%c per doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUIT.
The market is well supplied with ordinary
Oranges, but fancy Navels are scarce, and firm.
Lemons and Limes are quiet. Apples continue
" C Green and sandy Strawberries were hard to
dispose of at * 2""- per .'.rawer.
Aii'nles 75c@$l 25 for common. V sC'3>l 75 per
box for No 1 and *2@2 50 for choice to fancy.
strawberries ;'ooi'asl per drawer.
CITRUS I FKUITS-Navel Oranges, $2 25@3 50
per box; Seedlings. $I@l 75; Mediterranean |
"?weet« $1 T,o(?f2; Lemons, 75c@$l 50 tor common
and c "" 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Times M 50®B; California Limes. 75c@$l per
small box: Grape Fruit, $1 50^: Bananas. $150 j
•<;■■':." per bunch; Pineapples, V- r <> 4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for '10-50:-, sgi
:,'..,- for 50-Go's.4@4',4c for CC-70's. 3*4<B>3%C fur
70-80*8, 2%®3c for SO-90's, 2 ! /i 'ui; 4C for 90-lOCs
and 2iy2Uc tor 100-110's; Peaches, ''V'/O'.c fci
coed to choice. 10c for fancy and — tor
peeled; Apricots. 12 V" lie for Roy and —
for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. S%@9c; sun
dried, 5©5% c: Black Figs, sacks, 2ig.2»/ 4 c;
Plums, nominal. 2c for unpitted; Pears, nomi
nal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4*i for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%!§6c for Seed
less Sultanas,' C%c for Seedless Muscatels
and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
2%«?3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s^Sc
for hardshell. 10©llc for softshell; Almonds.
B@9c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and
4- ..,.:.. for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10®llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%
@7%c: light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5®5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S<g27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 8c per lb for heavy.
S%@9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light.
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%'&l]c;
California Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $13 50: Family Beeef,
$14 50@15: extra prime Pork, $12; extra clear,
118; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 10%@llc per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at s<ST)*ic per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, TV-' 1 ': 10-ln tins, S%c; 5-Ib tins, B%c
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 3CO lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case. S%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in ■
a case, B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, B%c;
50-lb tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7 vie; wooden buck
ets, 20 lbs net, B%e; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net,
7"4 c; half-barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, !>@S%c; Cow
bides, S%@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, ;
12c: dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each: short
Wool 3*@>6oc each: medium, 70@90c; long. Wool, i
90c®$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c foi
TALLOW— No.' 1 rlhdered, 3%@3%c per lb;
TALLOW— No. 1 rAidered, 3%®3%C per lb;
No. 2, 2%@3c: refined. 4?i@3c; Grease, 2<3:2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips — Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7's'9c: Foothill and Northern free. 10
®12c: Foothill and Northern defective. 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 10
@r^c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 #11
Northern Mountain 7 Blfl
Southern 6 <<$ 7%
j Plains 6 <?? 7
HOPS— IB9S crop. 10011 c per lb for ordinary,
i 12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
I from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July: Wool Basrs, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton: New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle, |
$6; Bryant, J6: Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50; |
Scotch. $S; Cumberland, $S in bulk and $9 25 I
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
LUMBER— Shipment of 1.012,398 feet redwood,
valued at $18,058. to Liverpool.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- j
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
: and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Powdered. s*4c. Candy
Granulated, r>V t c; Dry Granulated, s ! ,<ic; Con- |
1 fectioners' A. 5V 8 c: California A. 4%c: Magnolia .
A. 4>ic; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C. 4' L .c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes, l%c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continua to decline and the packers re
fuse to pay over the top figure. Beef is firm
and occasionally brings B%c. Mutton and Lamb
are weak.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Bc per lb.
YEAL — Large. 7c: Email, 7%@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7>,4®Bc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small, sVic for
medium and 4%@5c for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4@4%c; dressed Hogs, 7@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, March 29.
Flour, qr sks Sugar, sks 6,233
Barley, c«ls 50 1 Sugar, bbls 285
Corp, ctls. East. 4,200 1 Hay, tons 413 j
Cheese, ctls 185 Wool, bales 177
Butter, ctls 201 Pelts, bdls 3.597
Tallow, ctls 265 Hides, no 385
Beans, sks.. 1,30 Eggs, doz 20,790
Potatoes, sks 2,324 Quicksilver, flks. 75
Onions, sks 834 1 Wine, gals 48,100
Bran, sks 140 : Leather, rolls 38
Middlings, sks.... 106 Lime, bbls 91
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 384 [Hay, tons 41
Bran, sks 5,238 Onions, sks 204
Shorts, sks 66! Middlings, sks ISO
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks. 6,262 Oats, ctls 790
Wheat, ctls 2,990 *
THE STOCK MARKET.
Gas and Electric opened at a further sharp
decline to $77, but subsequently recovered to
$79 on the morning session of the Bond Ex
change. In the afternoon It opened at $79, but
fell back again. Contra Costa Water advanced
to $67.
Continued delay in the resumption of pump-
Ing' was probably the cause of the decline in
mining stocks, but It is now promised that
the pump will start up again on Friday.
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works will pay its
usual monthly dividend on April 5.
The dividend' declared by the Cripple Creek
mines in Colorado during February exceeded
all previous records, aggregating $378,000. an
increase of $176,000 compared with the' Janu
ary disbursements. The gold output was $1.
--27S,ZT>0, a decrease ' of $500,000 compared with
January, this being due to the unusual snow
fall.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 29— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 9 —
4s quar coup.. — Mutual El Co. 11 —
4s quar reg... — -- Oakland Gas.. — 40&
4s quac new..-.125%130 JPac Gas Imp. 78% 7;'
38 quar c0up..107%103?i Pan LCo — 4H'i
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 78% 78%
I Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — San Fran 3% 3%
: Cal Elec L 65.12r.',;i27% Stockton Gas.. 9 —
C C Wat 55....105 : > 1 — I Insurance— ; .
Dup-st ex c... — — [Firem's Fund.22o 225
E L & P 65. .132 — Bank Stocks—
F &Cl Ry 65.116 — 'Anelo-Cal .... 60 —
GearyTßtß ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1.. 257 237%
H C & S 5%5. — 105 !(-al S D & T.. 98-4 —
LAL Co 65.. — — First Natioril.22o 225
Do gntd 65.. 101 101% Lon P & A...129V>133
Market-st 65... 128 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55. 116 116% Nev Nat 8k...177V4 —
NCN G R 7s. 107 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 6s..U3%U4Vi|Ger & & L... — 1"5
N Ry Cal G5..113'/i — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC II R 6s. — 107 ! Mutual Say. — 41V4
X PORK ss. 102& — S F Say U.. EOO —
N Cal R R 65. 101^105 jS & L 50.... — .101
Oak Gas 55....10 ii — Securit S B. 300 »..O
Om CRy G.?...125^i — Union T C 0..1460 —
P & Cl Ry Gs.. — 109 Street- Railroads—
rs O6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary *» —
Sac El Ry Be! — — Market-st .... 63-*, 6j
8F& N P 55.112«,iU2% Hak 81 &H. - —
8F & S JVos.ll6 — Presidio 11 1-2
SlerraßCal 65.1U4*±1054 Powder- ,
S P of Ar 65..112'i112V» 1 California ....180 200
SPCCs C1905)113%114i4 E Dynamite... "<* —
SPC 6s (1906)115Vj — Giant Con Co. 61 6.
SPC 6s ( 1912) 122 & — Vigorit <•% -•**
SPCis eg ss. 105 — Sugar—
SPBr 6s 125% — Hana P C 0.... 1«% 179 a
S V Water 66.116*117 I Haw C & S C. 84% SoU
S V Water 45.103V 4 — ! Hutch S P Co. 31% 32Vi
S V W4s(3dm).101%101 : »4 Paauhau S P. OS% 33
Stktn Gas 65..102'/a— I Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— !Al Pac A55n..109%110
Contra Costa.. 66% 67% Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. SO —
Spring Va11ey. 102%103 [Oceanic S Co.. i 3 —
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% IVj
Capital Gas... — — I Pac C Bor Co.lo> —
Cent Gaslight. —» — Par Paint Co.. Tr> —
Cent L & P... 7'i — '■ ■- .'«.•■.■■
Morning Session.
Board— „ nn
60 Contra Costa Water...... • » 00
50 Contra Costa Water, s 30 6d 00
200 Equitable Gas... ° '»
175 Giant Powder Con 6100
205 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar So 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co ••'v*""J -n
$5000 Market-st Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. lib oO
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 113 12%
100 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
40 Paauhau S P Co *>■' ,- V
25 Paauhaa S P Co »»
25 Pacific Gas Imp... *J 00
20 8 F Gas & Electric Co >' W
25 S F Gas & Electric Co '« •«»
35 S F Gas & Electric Co i s <•>
235 S F Gas & Electric Co £9 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 78 S<V&
Street—
85 Giant Powder Con "100
' Afternoon Session.
Board —
r.O Contra Costa Water, s 30 6;> oO
25 Contra Costa Water 66 25
BO Contra Costa Water, s 30 88 50
50 Contra Costa Water 66 50
7." Contra Costa Water 66 75
45 Contra Costa Water 67 00.
25 Contra Costa Water, cash 67 00
100 liana Plantation Co 17 50
155 Hawaiian Commercial & .Sugar 85 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
50 Paauhau S P Co M &VA
225 Paauhau S P Co 3S 75
10 Pacific Gas Imp 78 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 79 00
80 S F Gas & Electric Co "S 60
30 S F Gas & Electric C 0..: 78 76
$:>(',oo S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 50
100 Vigorlt Powder 2 62/2
Street—
20 Alaska Packer*' Association 103 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Equitable Gas 9 12^
25 Equitable Gas 9 25
25 Equitable Gas 9 50
40 Giant Powder Con 6100
50 Hutchinson S P Co 32 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 33 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con 61 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 87%
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 85 00
20 Oakland Gas 49 62£
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 21 200 Potosi 34
1200 Belcher .'0 200 Potosi 35
200 Best *■ Belcher 64 500 Savage 34
100 < 'hollar 42 200 Seg Belcher 07
200 < 'hollar 40 850 Sierra Nev 130
200 Con Cal & V...2 25 200 Standard 2 7.".
150 Con Cal & V...2 SOI 200 Union Con 6fi
200 Crown Point... 32 600 Utah 22
200 Hale & Norcrs. 3S' 300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
500 Overman 20' 100 Yellow Jacket.. 32
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 4S 100 Hale & Norcrs. 38
100 Belcher 49 500 Mexican ;. 75
300 Best & Belcher 61 100 Occidental . 31
100 Caledonia 43 300 Ophir 120
100 Challenge 42 200 Overman 19
300 Chollar 39 300 Potosi 32 ■
1050 Con Cal & V...2 20 100 Potosi 33 j
200 Con Cal & V...2 15 500 Savage 33
200 Confidence 1 00 400 Sierra Nev 1 25
150 Crown Point... 30 800 I'nion Con 64
200 Crown Point... 32: 500 Utah 20
100 Crown Point... 31 j 600 Yellow Jacket.. 30
100 Exchequer 03
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1 1000 Alta 14 ! 1000 Justice 24
500 Belcher 51 1 300 Mexican 77
■ TOO Belcher 60 500 Mexican 78
600 Best & Belcher 64| 600 Ophlr 1 22'-j
300 Best & Belcher 65 800 Ophlr 1 20 i
500 Bullion 06] 500 Overman 20 I
$50 Con Cal & V...2 23! 500 Overman 21
200 Con Cal & V.2 27% 300 Savage 31
1000 Crown Point... 32 300 Union Con M'
400 Gould & Curry. 47 400 Yellow Jacket.. 32
300 Hale &. Norcrs. 88 1
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 4.". 400 Crown Point... 30
300 Belcher 47 200 Crown Point... 31
300 Caledonia 43! 200 Ophlr 1 20
600 Con cal & V...2 20 i 600 Overman 13
200 Confidence 1 00 600 Yellow Jacket.. 30
, 200 Confidence 99! 300 Yellow Jacket.. 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, March 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 08 10 Julia — 05
Alta — 15 Justice 23 24
Andes 19 20 Kentuck — OS
Belcher 48 49 Lady Wash.... — 02
Best & Belcher 60 61 1 Mexican 75 78
Bullion 05 06 Occidental SO 32
Caledonia 42 — 'Ophir '..115 120
Chollar 38 39 Overman 19 20
Challenge Con. 40 42'Potosl 33 34
Confidence 100 1 05 1 Savage 33 34
Con Cal & V...2 15 220 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial... 02 '03 Seg Belcher — 07
Crown Point... 31 32 Sierra Nev 120 125
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill — 06
E Sierra Nev.. 01 — i Syndicate — OS
Eureka Con 50 —Standard 250 —I
Exchequer 03 01' Union Con 64 6" I
Gould & Curry. 44 46 Utah 13 21
Hale & Norcrs. 37 39 Yellow Jacket.. 29 31
» ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Robert Adamson to Michael and Mary J.
O'Connor, lot on NW line of Circular avenue,
63:10 Vi NX of Sannyside avenue, X 71:0%, E 25,
S to Circular avenue, S\V 25:1 1 , i, lot 28, block
43, Sunny side; 510.
John Plus Murphy to Mary F. Dougherty, lot
on S line of Golden Gate avenue, 175 E of Oc
tavia street, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Nellie Rollet to John Hosran, lot on N line
of Lombard street, 137:6 E of Filimore, E
29:6 by X 137:6; $10.
Thomas T. Atkinson to Mary Atkinson (wife
of T. T.), lot on N line of Turk street, 137:6 W
of Pierce. \V 45 by N 137:6; $10.
Albert Gallatin to Malvena Gallatin (wife of
A ) lot on NW corner of Jackson and Scott
streets, N 127:8)4 by \V 137:6, quitclaim deed;
gift
S. A. Eldridge to Eliza S. Eldridge (wife of
S. A.), lot on E line of Devisadero street, 139
N of Green. N 34 by E 103: iy 2 ; also burial plat
in Odd Fellows' Cemetery; gift.
William Inglis (by J. A. Dunk^r, commis
sioner) to Addle 1... Inglis. lot on E line of Ma
sonic avenue, 215 S of Waller, S 24 by E 150,
quitclaim deed No. 67,442.
Catherine Dowllng to James J. Dowlinpr. un
divided half of following: Lot on SE line of
Kissling street, 214:9%. SW of Eleventh. SW
21:6 3-16, SE 80, NE 30:7 9-16, NW SO; also
lots 1 to 14, block 3, Tract A, People's Home
stead; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Eugene
Murray, lot on S line of Ridley street, 270:S
w of Mission, W 30. S 106, E 31, N 104.
Same to Catherine Relogpach, lot on W line
of Jessie street. 95 S of Thirteenth, W. 60:8, S 9,
N SO degrees, E 60:8, N 5: .
Jacob Nickel to Katherlne Nickel, lot on \V
line of Lapidge street, 275 N of Nineteenth, N
25 by W SO; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Samuel
Crescenzo lot on NW corner of Valencia and
Liberty streets, N 171:3. W 4:9, NW 07:6. W
10:8, S to San Miguel ranch, SE to a point E to
beginning; .
George Hasselbach to Meta Hasselbach, un
divided half of lot on E line of Bryant street,
130 N of Twenty-fourth. N 26 by E 100; gift.
William B. Herlihy to Helen Deming, lot on
S line of Broadway, 153:6 W of Jones street,
W 23 by S 60: $10.
Hibcrnia Savings and Loan Society to. Daniel
and Catherine Ahem, lot on SE line of Hunt
street, 200 NE of Third. NE 21 by SE 55; $3.
City and County of San Francisco to Fred
erick E. and John E. Mason (one-quarter each)
and John Lloyd, assignee of John ISen.sley, in
solvent (one-half), lot on NE corner of Fif
teenth and Vermont streets, E IS2, NW 436. W
to Vermont street, S 400; .
Florence C. Cole to Robert A. Dean, lot on
N line of Lake street. 57:6 E of Twentieth ave
nue, E 50 by S 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets; to John H. Sheehan.
lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 225 S of A
street, S DO by E 120; $10.
•William T. Wallace to G. H. Cunningham, lot
on E line of Ninth avenue, 275 N of O street,
N 25 by E 120; $10.
O. I. Cheyney to James Spencer, lot on W
line of Fifteenth avenue, 100 N of D street, W
127:6 by N 25; SI. i
Alameda County.
■William and Jean M. (.'lift to Oakland Bank
of Savings, undivided quarter interest in lot
on NT, corner of Fourteenth and Clay streets
E 180 by N 103-:9, block B, City Hall Tract
Oakland; $10.
. Phebe A. Blair and Henry P. and Mabel E.
Squire to came, all interest in lot on NE cor
ner of Clay and Fourteenth streets, E ISO by
N 103:9, same-. $10.
Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco to
same, lot on NE corner of Clay and Fourteenth
streets, E ISO by N 103:9, same (quitclaim
deed) : $75.
Daniel and Clara Meyer to same, same (quit
claim deed); BBS.
Thomas P. Toomey to Albert H. Elliott, un
divided quarter interest In the following: Lot
j on SW line of Taylor street, 202:6 SE of V ood.
SE 25 by SW 13". being lot la. bloc 696. C as-,
serlv Tract, Oakland: also lot on i. line or
Campbell street, 154:9 N of Railroad avenue
N 38:1%, E 112:11%. S 36:9, W 133:8 to begin
n Bridget Dwyer to ward and Maria '"Julian;
lot on N line of Third street 100 W of Filbert
L^kfle^^o^ea^rOakTan^tt
I %fi."gSsK l^ - ««>»«rator« the
estate of Lila ' Barnett, .by commoner) to.
Fred M. Merrill, lot on S line of F ort> -six . h
street. 140 W of Grove. W a 0 by S 100 .being lot
13 block 2109. Alden Tract at Temescal. Oak
*%l H^oS to Eara Cannon (wife ot
Charles), lot on NW corner of C linton i and
i Summit streets. W 60 by N 100 being ><*s«
! and 14, block A. new town of L>nn, Last van
la Soseph-Stolt 2 to Kate B Stoltz lot on S line
of University avenue. 68 V, 1 of °*" am r c act
street W 30 by S 150. block 1, Shaw Tract,
Berkeley, quitclaim deed: $10. —„,._,.,.. ]ot
Jesse L Wetmore to Edwin J. Sherman lot
12 block A. subdivision Quigley Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $300. to Anna K. D k , ,
S line of Haight avenue. ISI E of Sixth street.
at a point 309 feet from SW corner of beginning
avenue and Easterbrook street. VB 50. S Jlb.b,
thence at right angles 47, thence at right an
gles 302, to beginning, being lot 9. Harlan : A :
dition to Town San Leandro, Eden Township.
$IGeorge1 George E. Yates to H. L. and W. W. Chap
man lot on SE line of Tenth avenue, 100 N.
of East Sixteenth street. NE oO by SE 150,
block S7, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
G. Monnier (owner) with Schanz & Gnindy
(contractors), architect J. Goddart. Trenching,
sewers, plumbing an.l gasfitting fora two-story
frame residence and a stable on VV line Fol
som street. IS.". S of Nineteenth, S 90 by \V 122.6,
D J Makepeace (owner) with John McLeod
(contractor), architect Charles M. Rousseau
All work for a three-story frame building with
concrete foundation (three flats), on N line of
Fell street, 181:3 W of Fillmore, W 2o by N
137:6: $5947.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydmgraphic
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
Office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information "an always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re~
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
\ notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
S. HI GHES,
Lieutenant. I*. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front fMission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height ot" tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, MARCH 30.
rises 56
sets 6:31
i rises 10:28 p.. m.
O Time Timel Time) Time
■ Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
? H W LW| HW| L W|
30 0:451 5.7 7:361 0.2 2:30 4.5 7:16 1.8
31 ' 1-26" 5.8 8:33— 0.2 3:39 4.3 8:10 2.9
1.. 2:16 5.6 9:34—0.2 4:50 4.3 9:14 3.X
2 3:14' 5.5 10:40—0.2 6:02 4.4 10:35 J.I
3 ... 4:27' 5.4 11:45|— 0.1 7:03 4.C 11:55 3.0
4 ! 5:46! 5.3 12:44—0.1 7:51! 5.1 '
' I. W] H W L, W H W
5 ...I l:05| 2.5| 7:00| 5.3; 1:39[ 0.0 8.34 5.3
>;OTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
threp tides, as sometime* occur. The heights
given are addiitons to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the moan of tbe lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
March 2'J. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped 'at exactly noon to-day —
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Liputenant. I. S. N.. In charge.'
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Luella Tillamook Mar. 30
Point Arena ...[Point Arena •.. Mar. 30
Columbia ! Portland Mar. 31
Curacao I Mexico iMar. 31
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay ! Mar. 31
Mackinaw ! Tacoma : Mar. 31
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 31
Orizaba ! Newport Mar. 31
fh'.ikat Humboldt ■. Mar. 31
Kewburg Grays Harbor |Apl. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City...-. |Apl. 1
Townsend Coqullle River Apl. 1
Nippon Maru...lChlna and Japan lApl. 1
Wellington ! Departure Bay |Apl. 1
Empire Oooa Bay Apl. 2
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 2
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Apl. 2
Mlneola Nanaimo Apl. 2
Czarina (Seattle Apl. 3
Profjreso (Seattle lApl. 4
Coos Bay (Newport Apl. 4
State of Cal (Portland Apl. 5
North Fork IHumboldt Apl. 5
Weeott ! Poos Bay Apl. 5
Peru [China and Japan I Apl. 6
Corona San Diego |Apl. 6
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Pomona 'Humbolcit ! Mar. SO, 2 pmjPier 9
Alliance ...(Oregon Ports. [Mar. 30, 10 amiPter 20
Corona ]San Diego Mar. 31. 11 ami Pier 11
fmatllla ..!Vlc & Psrt Sd. Apl. I.lft ami Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. ' Apl.. 1, SpmlPler 2
Chilkat ....'Humboldt Apl. 1. 2 ptn Pier 13
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay iApl. 1. Ipm Pier 13
Arcata '-Cons Bay lApl. 2, 10 aim Pier 13
Orizaba ....Newport lApl. 2, 9 anvPier 11
Columbia ..(Portland lApl. 3, 10 am' Pier 24
Santa Rosa ; San Piog-o lApl. 4, 11 anVPler 11
Porl<- |chlna&Japan[Apl. 4, 1 pmIPMSS
Australia ..j Honolulu fApl. 6, 2 inn Pier 7
Czarina r'ugret Snund.lApl. 5 I
Coos Hay... X^vport lApt. fi. 9 ami Pier 11
State Cal...i Portland |Apl. 8. 10 am I Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March 29.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 60^, hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 6S hours from As
toria.
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury, 20 days from
Panama, eti
Stmr Westport, Peterson. 45 hours from New
port South.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Br stnir Ettrlckdale, Stewart. 36 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 23 day?.
Schr Reliance, Nordllng, 24 hours from Fort
Rohs.
Pohr Newark, Beck, 13 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Nokomis, Hanson, S dnys from Port
Gamble.
Schr Olga, Ipsen. 27 days from Kahulul.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March 29
Whal Ftmr Balaena, Williams, whaling- Pa
cific Steam Whaling Co.
l!r «tmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr'a Sons Co.
Rr ship Ditton, Strap, Tocopilla; Meyer, Wil
son & Co.
I'.ktn S N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu- J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Defender, Dedrick,- Klhei; Alexander &
Baldwin.
Schr Herman, Falkman, Kodlak; North Amer
Commercial Co.
Schr Baranoff, Zanhary, Mazatlan: I Gut'te.
SAILED.
Wednesday, March 29
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Ooodall, Astoria
st.nr Weeott, Dunham, Taqthna Bay.
Stmr Aloha, Jortrensen, Point Arena
Whal stmr Balaena, Williams, whaling.
Br ship Leicester Castle. Burch- Taltal
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Landing
Schr Monterey, Beck, ISowens Landing
Scnr Defender, Dedrick. Kihei.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, Grnys Harbor
Sclir Five Brothers. Jensen, Bihlers Point.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, Iversens Landin"-
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-Mar. », 10 p. m.-Weather
hazy; winu N\\ ; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Robert Lewen loads mdae for Honolulu
The J B Thomas loads sugar at Kahului for
Delaware Breakwater for order?.
The Les Adelphes loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 28s.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAN PEDRO-Arrlved Mar 29-Stmr Alcazar
from Greenwood. '
SEATTLE— To sail Mar 23— Bark Oregon, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 29— Stmr Chllkat, he
Mar 87.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 29— Schr Ottillle
Fjord, hence Mar 24; schr Alice, from' San Pe
d "sailed Mar 29— Schr Volant, for Ventura; 'schr
*PORT TOW^|^D| o^ed.Mar 20-Br ship
i:.\V -Sailed Mar 29— Stmr Arcata, for
Sa NE l i?'i C Y-Fassed In Mar 29-Bktn J M
Griffith from H.llo for Port Townsena.
Outside hounJ in Mar 29-Br bark . Powy.
Castle, from Cardiff for British Columbia
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 29— Stmr Geo W
E Saned Mar f^Br'bark Glenlee. for .Queens
town: stmr Columbia, for San Francisco. . .
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Mar 2»-Schr Mabel
Gr £ EATTLE^rlved Mar 2 9 1-Br .hip D,um
burton, from Victoria: stmr Proexeso hence
Mar 25: stmr Leelanaw. hence .larch 26.
Sailed Mar 29— Br ship West Lothian, for
Q GREEXWOO^Arrived Mar 29— Whites
boro, hence Mar 28.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Mar 29— Br stmr Ga
elic, hence Mar 9. • , ■ „, .
ANTWERP— Arrived Mar 27— Br ship Glenel
van. from Tacoma. ■ *'•
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived Mar «2— Nor stmr
Ragnar, from Vancouver.* .'
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Mar 25— Stmr Ohio, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 29— Stmr Noord
land. for Antwerp; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm, for
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Mar Stmr St.
Louis, for New York. • . .*..?•"
Sailed Mar 23-Stmr Kaiser ,\\ ilhelm der
Grosae, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Mar 23— Stmr Catalonia,
for Boston.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar 29— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Mar Stmr Aller,
from New York. * _.
BOULOGNE— Mar 29— Stmr Phoenicia,
for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Mar 23— Stmr
Italia, from Liverpool. < '
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Mar ( 39— Stmr Edam,
from New York. ' «___.,».■
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Mar — Str Lahn,
from New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k^ Steamers leave Broadway
|rss>-_^ wharf, San Francisco:
inJHk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I^BR9k^ Apr. 1, 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. May 1;
I BTIKm change at Seattle.
Ee&JXS %«a or Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Hff\JH C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
lf"6K3 BBa Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
» I and New Whatcom (Wash.).
***« 10 a. m., Apr. 1, 6, 11. 16. 21,
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt.Bay). 2 p. m., Apr. 4,
9. 14. 19. 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. • : • - -"
For Santa .Cruz. Monterey, ■ San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obiepo),
Gaviota' Santa ' Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m., Apr. 2. 6, 10. 14. 18, 22. £6.
30 May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Apr. 4, 8, 12. 16. 20. 24, 28, May 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mm.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain folder.
The company ■ reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of palling.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta.,
10 Market St., San. Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. ra.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth*
rnflL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia Balls March 14, 24; April 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
8, 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and . all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLT. ' *<=■
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on or About May 1*
For- freight or passage apply to . , . '
- , B. COGAN, 44 East st. »
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS. .
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul. .. .February 22 St. Paul March 15
St' Louis March 11 St; Louis March 23
RED STAR LINE. r
New York and Antwerp.
From. New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington..' .Feb'y 15 i Southwark — March %
Noordland Feb'y 22; Westernland.. March 15
Friesland March 1 Kensington. March 21
EMPIRE LINE. -
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas. j
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT. ,
. SO Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
"v ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU : Wednesday. April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June I
Round trie tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office, '
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent. »
'JSwKßaflaC Falls for Honolulu
ITS Wednesday, April 5,
a at 2 p. ■ m.
fwaiHltlltfi The S. S. Australia
dRBHIC Falla for Honolulu
l& *" Wednesday, April 6.
M wm^, w at 2p. m.
ts_t>^ i' \ S. S. Marlposa
Sft&nrchllW sails v la Honolulu
GJICfllllJlllU" an Auckland for
k™lR7l|?U~ Sydney Wednesday,
VjJlil^Ulier April 19, at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Sue*.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. " < *£»»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m «C3LE3LC
from Pier 42. North River, foot cf n«n«i^»
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. April 1: LA
CHAMPGNE. April 8: LA BRETAGNE. April
15; LA TOURAINE. April 22; LA GASCOGNE.
April 29. First-class to Havre. JC> and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FTJGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agts., 5 Montgomery aye.. S. F.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PA RIS— HAMBURG.
•B'C'NM G APRIL 29th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on th* wny to Knmburji
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Aijts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
113 Montgomery. St.. San Francisco. s
HOLLAND4MERICA LINE
NEW YORK ROTTERDAM. VIA BOTJ-
logne. The Short Route to Paris. .
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300). STATENDAM -(10,500). First Cabin. *£« ;
upward: Second Cabin. $37. ' •
Saloon steamers. MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM.
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THUS. COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
«i i .. . ■ i. .I ■ . — — —^
BAY AND RIVE3I STEAMERS.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamer '"Montlcello."
Mon., Tubs., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.'
m., 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thura, night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. .Mlssion-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE SO*DELIBERATELY
STEPPED INTO
THE HEREAFTER
Self- Destruction o" G.
W. Lieb.
: ... *— — ■
WROTE HIS OWN EPITAPH
DESPONDENCY OVER THE LOSS
OF HIS WIPE THE CAUSE.
;.■■ ::.'■• '_[
'■The Deceased Left Letters Explain
•;-..■ } ing His Deed and Fare
-■'"'■; I ;.;•.• well Messages to
■ : "\ Friends. . •
■ -liU-- ' ■ I
 Charles W. Lieb, a printer doing busl- I
;". ness'? and residing at 220 tter street,
.'. lired ii pistol bullet through his head, in
. the parlor of his brother Harry's resi-'
;■ dence," -212 Pennsylvania avenue,"- ' las*.
■ mtrht. Death was almost instantaneous.
An unusual feature of the cue is th»
.-'-. cool deliberation with which, he ap
;.: proachexi-the brink of the hereafter. ■ He
■had: evidently been contemplating the j
:-\siep for several weeks, as a letter ad
dressed- to his brother and sister-in-law,
■ -found on his body, was written some days
•.. .-agro. The date Was afterward scratched
■• out and March 29 substituted. The letter
:';fs as follows:
SAN' FRANCISCO, March 29, 1599.
: : DearlHarry and Annie Lieb: When this
' ••r.oie reaches you I will be dead in my office.
■•Come for me*. I have been contempt .
\ teis act some little tithe.
■ Misery and disappointment have been the
■\ause of this rash act.
■ ":I have been so depressed in spirits that life
". '.became a sudden gloom to me, and it seemed
.' tfie lohg«r I lived the greater the burden.
■•. -.1 would rather have a thousand ills thai be
ranlsh'p.d in thia way, so the quicker I end it
• r:the sooner the relief.
■ ..-Harry, I left everything in your charge and
'• me. Take it, the office and everything in
.v :t. Pell it for what it brings. I bequeath it
all to you There is .i note on my desk which j
.; explains everything. - ;
Put this inscription on my tombstone:
•' • i Ambltion was my life; without it 1 preferred
. ■•.death," CHARLES LIEU.
Apparently It was his original intention
•r-.to kill himself In the office .after business
" ••".hours, but later he changed his mind,
■ perhaps because ho wanted to see his
■ : brother again. Before leaving his offTc«
he "arranged a number of notes on his
• -desk, explaining where his personal ef
[ ' fects might bo found and what disposl
■ tion he wished to have made of them.
. He left practically three wills, all in favor i
,' of his brother Harry.
The letters, even those written before
; ho left his desk forever, were all in a
.. piayi, firm hand. Across the corner of
■. an' old envelope were the words in pencil,
■' : .^Ambition— of souls."
Mr. Lieb's relatives say that his wife,
'• whom he dearly loved! died about a year
•. " aco, nd he never fully recovered from |
the low. He has often spoken of sui- i
j'.'.clde. and they dreaded lest he keep his
':••• word.
' Among his fellow craftsmen he bore the
'■'reputation of being a patient, faithful,
f. hard worker, with a keen eye ♦to busl
: ness.
: The body was taken to the Morgue and
■' . Deputy Coroner La combo visited the of
• rice -on-Sutter street and removed all val-
: -'. viables. There was a quantity of jewelry
which had evidently belonged to Mrs.
J " ieb -
__________
WHAT IS GOING ON
AT THE PLAYHOUSES
Holy Week is a quiet one at the various
'■■'■ playhouses. With the exception of the
. Orpheum, which seems always to be
"•: filled, none of the theaters are crowded.
"' At the Columbia the Bostoniana are mak
•' Ing out a respectable second week in
"':•• "Rob Roy." Their engagement is for four
: . : weeks; The third will be devoted to "The
;.- : Serenade" and the last to the everlasting
• favorite. "Robin Hood."
:■ The principal event in prospect is the
;-■. reopening of the Grand Opera House this
; ' Saturday "by the Southwell Opera Com
i-: :pti.ny In "The Black Hussar." The com
-■ par.v is a large one, and many interesting,
-productions of light opera arc promised
" curing the extended season. Walter Mo
-, rosc'o is a unique figur« in local theatri
.. cals — a ma of enterprise and a man of.
luck— and considerable interest in his
latest plunge is being played by the
: theater-going public. . . .-"
; " . ''■'•.'''Nerves" will conclude a fortnight's run
. at the. Alcazar with the Sunday night per
: . formance, giving way ta a revival of
. "The Charity Ball/|
• ; The most striking of tno new a.ttrac
' ' tions at the heum is the Matweef.
.troupe -of six Russian dancers, singers and
.'{acrobats. Their act is clean, clever and
: -; exciting. ° c ' ■ .
' , ■ "The Bohemian Girl" is filling in an off
.••; week at the Tivoli. Monday night will
:-;' witness the opening of the new Easter
-extravaganza. "Beautiful Golden Locks,"
•. in which many wonderful things are
■' promised.
' Agnes Herndon and the stock company
:■ are engaging the attention of the Alham
,'bra patrons in a sensational melodrama
■.■ by the name of "Saved From the Flames."
The- amateurs at the Chutes— they must
•': be pretty well Into professionalism by this
• time— will be pedally exposed to-night in
.■•a "Trilby dance."
. ♦ .
Poolselling' Ordinance.
TTm *••-' ■"■'■ 'f H. Jones, charged with
the ordinance against pooisell
inp at 1 ■ setrack, will be
■ • ■ moon.
irors who <"! i ri not answer to
■ th.r>ir nai d with at
- by the police yesterda;
■ • - . 'or his appearance.
GRAPE-NUTS.
% Meat Eaters %
.'- »—- and " *^S
• m*~ •'.■., „ -^
% Vegetarians %
g Like
I Grape=Nuts. 1
mZ Order of Grocer. ' ]^g
ilUJUiUiUiU#iUiUiUittiUß
- A DAINTY DISH. ,
■ With the Delicate Sweet of Grape-
Sugar.
Tlie meat eater and the vegetarian
alike are charmed with the new food,
. ;i.ip>--N'uts. They have a crisp taste,
vrtb/"the delicate flavor of -sugar,
arid-a re entirely ready, for the table
i ■vCitHout any necessity for cooking.
° *Mad'e°°bV Dostum Co.; Battle Creek,
" c MJch^ ' • .-■«;> .■.".•;
- .Orape-Nuts furnish one of the dam;-
; ti'fst dishes ever placed on a breakfast
"tahlei Can be served ho€ instantly, by
| pouring, hot milk or cream over # Grape-
Nuts 0 , y Many prefer the food dry With
° Cream on the Bide.
POLICE PRIZE BEAUTIES TO
ADORN CIGARETTE BOXES
THE faces of forty prize beauties
of the San Francisco Police De
partment, Including "ay coorse"
Sergeant Michael Joseph Conboy,
were focj I yesterday In one lens,
without disastrous results.
The occasion is one that will never
>c forgotten In police circles, if rumors
:urrent after the pulling off of the
■vent prove correct. Local agents of a
larticularly pernicious brand of clgar
re said to have engineered the
.ffair for the purpose of dragging from
he. obscurity they court into the cele
irity they "deserve for their truly
trikinfr curves the Apollos and Brum
nels of "the foorce." It is said these
ipents have discovered, after all these
i ars, that photos of stage divinities
CONVICT-MADE STOVES
SENT TO THIS CITY
LOCAL MANUFACTURERS ARE
ALARMED BY DISCOVERY.
The Sale of Prison-Made Goods Will
Prevent a Proposed Raise in
Wages of Iron-Molders.
The officers of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association were considera
bly agitated yesterday over ihe informa
tion that a carload of stoves made in
the Oregon penitentiary at Salem had
been shipped into this city to come into
competition with local makers, who em
•■ hite labor. The informa
tion was given by a gentleman who knew |
of what he spoke, being- himself In the
hardware business. He called attention
fact that recently m the Eastern
manufacturing c< nters the wages of
niolders and makers of stoves have
used, and added that from his
conversations with local makers the lat
t< r will have to follow suit and make a
raise in the wages of their employes very
soon. In the event of the town and sur
rounding country being flooded by the
products of the convict institutions of
other States it will be impossible to in
workmen's wages,
r Lewis at once started out to lo
cate the convict goods with the view of
getting the members of the association
to throw their influence on the. importers
of the convict goods to dispose of the
stuff elsewhere. If they refused to do
this it Is proposed to : advertise the na
ture of the. articles and the names of the
importers to such an extent that the
will be warned and the trade be
1 elsewhere. Such an agitation
took place a couple of years ago when
Julian Bonntag was the president of the
lation, and the benefit to the com r
rnunity was Inestimable. At • the same
time every effort was made to secure the
ge of laws prohibiting the work of
tate Prison convicts coming in
competition with that of free labor. The
bill' became a law, but in the pr<
the law does not apply to the goods
stion.
The present interstate commerce laws
prevent the stopping of goods from en
tering the. State, but it is expected that
the Southwick House bill, which the na
tional lawmakers are endeavoring to
have become a law, will, remeay this de-
Ac cording to Ihe. suggestion of
Manager Goodwin the best thing to do is
to expos.- the whole affair of the convict
goods Importation' and create a senti
ment so strong against the injustice to
laboring men that the importers will tind
this an unprofitable market. He said:
"We have learned from reliable
sources that a number of local stove
makers propose to increase the wages of
their molders to keep pace with the
manufacturers in the East, and unless
we can Btop the cheap convict-made
Htoves from be.ing sent here from the
B.ilem Penftentiary . the manufacturers
■will be unable, to make the promised
raise From what we can learn there
is nothing on the goods in the shape of
marks or stamps to show where they
were made, and the public which would
not' purchase such stuff has no way of
telling whether the stoves are made by
free men or by the felons of another
We expect to be in full posses
sion of all of the facts before another
twenty-four hours is passed and these
facts will be nvnV public."
, . » ■
Martland's Successor.
The board of directors of the Native
Sons' Hall Association . have appointed
Eugene Folsom of California Parlor as
superintendent of the Native Sons' Hall,
to succeed Robert "W. Martland.
■ ♦ ■
'99 Cleveland Cycles sell for |40 and $50. •
BOARD OF HEALTH HAS
A PROBLEM TO SOLVE
" • , ■ .■■ ■ ">-:>,•,. r %*
"*" /OFFICIALS of the Health Department are grappling with an incipient <
9 f I epidemic of cerebro-spinal meningitis. The disease has not resulted in a .
rt I I large number of deaths, but they have increased out of all reasonable <
3? ' proportion recently. In February fifteen deaths wrere attributed to the -
0 disease, as against two in the corresponding month last year and three in <
~2i the year before.
° "The disease is not epidemic," said Dr. A. P. O'Brien, the Health Officer, I
"*" yesterday "The number of deaths is unusually large, but should cause no •
° uneasiness. I* attribute it to the immense number of men of the volunteer ]
1 army quartered here under bad sanitary conditions last summer and also (
9 to the Inn? dry spell. The disease is invariably traced to bad hygienic condi- .
X tions It is a germ disease and is almost impossible to guard against. Vie- (
° tims are so widely scattered that it is not easy to locate them and place
2» them under quarantine. . •".'-, m ' '•.
° "It is essentially an infant's disease in this State and the average num-
X ber of deaths per month has been small. There are records of towns in the V
X East being almost depopulated of their children of school ago. owing to the (
0 ravages of the disease. The heavy rains of the past month should, -.in the
+ flushing of sewers, have removed the principal cause of the increase in ,
9 deaths, and the records of the Health Office will probably go back to the
Q normal rate."
■♦o^HOfO^-fo-yotQ^o+otototcwatoto.-fototo^of^tofoti
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
given away with every package ot pu
treflers are palling on the narrow
chested portion of the public. The war
lias expanded the martial spirit even in
the must highly narcotized breast, and
the demand is for something heroic.
even In cigarettes. What more natural
then that the purveyors of that article
should cast their eyes on the local Po
lice Department, on Sergeant Barney
McManus, or on Sergeant Thomas
Samuel Duke with his brand new dark
la-ntern?
"W'y not," Bald Sergeant Michael
Joseph Conboy, who was the first to
get wind of the rumor. "W'y not?
The agony is all over, and here I'm in
formed that McManus can have five
hundred f'r his phiz th' minnit he sez
th' wurrud. I'd joomp at th 1 chanst.
Wat ;i sinse iv protickshun iv'ry dude
in town'll feel win he opens his littlo
box iv painkillers and gazes fondly on
TROUBLE BREWS OVER
CHARLES HIGHET'S BODY
CORONER HILL REFUSES TO DE
LIVER IT.
Relatives of the Dead Man Threaten
to Institute Legal Proceedings
for Its Immediate
Recovery.
Cormac & Donohoe, counsel for the
British Consul at this port, have notified
Coroner Hill that they will institute legal
proceedings against him to recover pos
, of the body of Charles I. Highet,
B itchman, who died in the Internation
rl Hi tel last Monday evening. Three un
dertakers—Gray, Metzler and McAvoy —
claim the body, which is still in the
Morgue, having been embalmed by Mc-
At the time of Highet's death It was
Known that the deceased had an lnt< rest
in an estate in Scotland and that he had
well- to-do relatives in that country. \. n
dertakei McAvoy, whose turn it v.
be favored by the Coroner, was grven thj
tip, and lost no time in cabling to a broth
er of the deceased. On Tuesday morning
ai 4 o'clock McAvoy received a cables am
of -which the following is a copy:
AYR, Scotland, March 2».— H. B. McAvoy,
International Hotel, San Francisco: Bury at
once; cost JIOO. Write full particular*.
HIGHET.
McAvoy at once embalmed the body and
returned it to tlip possession of the Coro
ner at the request of the latter.
At P o'clock yesterday morning Coroner
Hill received the following- cablegram.
AYR. Scotland, March 29.— Place body of
Charles I. Highet at disposal of R. B. Hogue,
as he has my instructions as deceased's execu
tor. HlGHET
liot'iio called upon the Coroner yester
day with another telegram which he oaid
had been translated from the original
cipher corroborating the cablegram r< -
ceived by the Coroner. He asked that the
body be delivered to Undertaker Gray.
The Coroner refused to do so on the
ground that McAvoy had already em
balmed the body and that Hogue should
go to McAvoy and make his arrangements
with him. This Hogue refused to do. !■!,
did not recognize any one but the Coro
ner in the matter, the body being in his
possession.
Hogii.> i-aHed again at the Coroner's of
fice yesterday afternoon with Lawyer
Cormac and 'made a formal demand for
the body. He was Mgiun refused and Mr.
Hogue announced ih;it Cormac & Dono
ho<-> would at once institute legal proceed
ings against the Coroner. He contended
that the body was that of a British sub
ject and that the British Government
would have something to say about the
matt' r.
Earlier in the day King. "Ward <X- Co.,
proprietors of the International Hotel,
presented a demand on the Coroner that
the body should be delivered to Under
taker M'tzler, the deceased having been
indebted to them for board and room.
The Coroner Is awaiting the Inaugura
tion of legal proceedings and holds the
body for SacAvoy."
THEATER ON ' GEARY STREET.
Charles J. Behlow Proposes to Have
a Playhouse Facing Union
Square.
The destruction of the Baldwin Hotel
and theater has left a vacancy in the ten
derloin section of the city that has bo<^n
missed by the old patrons of the once
favorite Baldwin. To meet this apparent
want it is proposed to have a brand new
and modern playhouse erected on Geary
street, opposite Union Square.
The enterprising individual who is po-
th' w'iskr-rs iv Mac. W'y, Barneyll
lep into fame and fynances at wan fill
swoop. Th' luck some payple do bo
bavin', to be winsome and wealthy at
wanst. It's not nacheral."
Captain Wittman did not seem to
share the belief of Michael Joseph that
some ulterior agency was at work. He
was caught in his office behind a
screen, doffing his and getting
into his working .
"It's an aftermath of the annual pa
rade," ho said. "The officers of com
panies got away too quick -on that
day, and this is the first chance we
have had to get them all together
again."
No matter which is right, the confid
ing captain or the suspicious. Bergeant,
the group was taken and the forty
prize beauties are in it, as immortal
as any forty in the business. Their
names will pro down to posterity in this
style: Chief Lees, Captains Wittman,
Spillane, Gillin and Dunleavy; Lieu
tenants Birdsall, Nash. Price and An
derson; Sergeants Martin, Tobin,
Helms, Christiansen, Shea, Baldwin,
Duke, Anderson, Cook. Harper, Ma
honey, Blank. Bush. Campbell, Perrin,
Barnstoad. Conboy, McManus, Coogan,
Donovan, Brqphy, Ayers, Gleason, Mc-
Donald and Duncan; Corporals 'Will
iams, Sills and Adams.
ing to add one more attraction to the
wealth and culture of San Francisco is
Charles J. Behlow, who was for many
years treasurer of the firm of H. I.
& Co. He has acauired a considerable
fortune in this business and, being also
v. man of public spirit. Has recognized
the need of a new playhouse to replace
the Baldwin.
AVhen the owner of the Baldwin site an
nounced that he would not rebuild Mr
Behlow set about to secure a location on
■ ,I',, £? ulrt be bullt a theater that would
fulfill his desires and meet the demands
of the public.
The ?itr selected is admirably suited to
the purpose. The lot Is 87:6 by 137:6 feet
in area It Is convenient to three car
lines and is within three blocks of Market
street.
FOR PARK EXTENSION.
< h.iirman. Byington of the Judiciary
Committee of tlio Supervisors decided at
a meeting yesterday to call for bids for
abstracts of title to the property in tho
line of the proposed extension of Golden
Gate Park.
This was In keeping with a report from
City and County Attorney Lane, in. which
he said he could not commence condemna
tion proceedings until he had thesr rtc
ords. Engineer Humphrey appeared be
fore the committee and said that
the plan of extending the park had had
the effect of injuring tin- property In
volved. No nnt/ will buy under the pres
ent conditions.
n< s.ud he Had just returned from the
East, where business is booming. !!<
predicted that the wave or prosperity
would reach here before six months and
would be felt by all classes of trade
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Burh and Larkln sts. Swlmmlnsr, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrect from ocean.
Wanted Bonds Fixed.
When the case of Jules C. Gamage,
charged with manslaughter for causing
the death of thr> old lottery ticket seller,
was called in acting Police Judge Barry's
court yesterday Attorney Riordan, for the
defendant, a.skod and was granted a con
tinuance, till Monday. Prosecuting Attor
ney Carpenter objected to fiamape being!
out on his own recognizance and asked
that bonds be fixed. This roused Riordan,
and there was a lively intfrchange of
warm remarks. The acting Judge would
not make an order for bonds.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers, importers. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS FLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
Lp nFHFN Manufacturer of Beltlnennd
• r « UCUCn, Lac 9 Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAH FRANCISCO COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
f\ BFT nrU/BI Corner Fourth and
IRLI UIIVAI M <»* t. 8. ?• Try
I llrr KlliUl our s eciai Brew
|jH| L lIU I HI steam and Lager.
Ulil L ■•**•••*- r.o. Overcoats and
.:;. Valises checked free.
CARRIAOB MAKERS.
O'DDICN X- C(lV<k— -Makers and Dealers' in
OKlEll U OUllJLandaus Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGQISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO, foTsll^l
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
145 RAVEC It Cd Shipping Butchers. 104
JAS- DUIIO tt lV M Clay. XeL Main 1231.
■.• • ■
BASEBALL FUNS
TAKE A FRESH
START IN LIFE
Shrieks of the Afflicted
Resound.
GOOD SEASON IS ASSURED
SACRAMENTO TO PLAY THE LO
CALS HERE THIS WEEK.
Oakland and- Santa Cruz May Go to
Watsonville for Their Series
• Owing to the Havoc by
the Flood.
The managers of the California League
have every reason to congratulate them
selves on the opening of the season lo
cally last Sunday. The gate receipts at
Recreation Park amounted to as much as
on the opening day at Haight street after
■the famous season at Alameda, when
baseball reached the height of popularity
on this coast. In all the succeeding sea
sons until the close of the old grounds
there was never an opening day when
the receipts reached the total of that first
year. Recreation Park will seat many
more people than the Haight street
grounds would, especially before the
grandstand was remodeled, and though
the attendance will increase as the season
progresses, with a llrst-class quality of
sport, it is not likely that the crowds
will slop over so as to require the enforce
ment of ground rules, as was frequently
the case in the old days.
It was encouraging to see so many of
the old-time fanatics out again and shout
ing with all their former enthusiasm.
Men— and women, too— who have not at
tended a game for several years were out
in force last Sunday and declared they
experienced just as much pleasure in the ■
game as they ever did.
Another good omen was the presence
of so many habitues of the race track
and coursing parks. It was thought by
many that the devotees of the horses and
dogs would rind little or no amusement
in the national game free from gambling,
as it is, after their long bout with the
bookies and pool boxes, but they did, and
they admitted that there was more real
sport in a good ball game than there was
in the best horse race ever run, even
though there was a chance to venture
some money on the latter.
It must be admitted that this renewed
interest in baseball is due in a large
measure to the confidence of the public
in the gentlemen who are now at the
head of the league. Henry Harris is un
questionably the best known and most
popular manager on the coast. He has '
always been known as an ardent sup
porter of clean sport and no taint of un
fairness, or worse, has ever fastened
upon him. His teams have always been
composed of the best material obtain
able and his men have played the Uest
ball they knew how. No shirking or jug
gling was ever permitted in his ranks,
and the fact that he is again in the game
brought out scores of veteran- cranks
last Sunday. Associated with him are j
J. T. Moran, who organized and con- j
trolled the famous Greenhood &
Morans of Oakland, from which some of :
the most famous players in the country
have graduated; Theodore F. Bonnet, the
License Collector, and Eugene F. Bert,
each of whom is a sufficient guarantee
that the game will be honestly and le
gitimately conducted while he is identi
fied with it. - ■
Under these most auspicious conditions
does the California League season of 1599
open.
Saturday and Sunday the Sacramentos
will play here against the locals, and al
ready there is much speculation on the
outcome of the series. The Capital Citys
are practically the same as they were
last year when they swept everything
before them. The San Franclscos met
with disaster last Sunday, but that does
not reflect discredit on them. On paper,
at any rate, the team is the strongest
that ever represented this city, and al
though the score shows fhey were weak
at batting on the opening day, they hit
the ball hard and often, but were unfor
tunate in not placing it safely. Besides,
the long rain prevented them from in
dulging In any field work to speak of,
which naturally affected their batting
eyes.
Manager Ewing of Oakland is plated
over his victory and declares there Is
nothing in the league that can touch his
team. He is scheduled to play with i
Santa Cruz this week, but the latter's
grounds are in such wretched condition
that it will be impossible to play on
them. San Lorenzo River broke loose
last week and cut the diamond and out
field all to pieces so that it will tane
some time to repair them. "Watsonville
will fro to San Jose for its first meeting
with the Brewers, and Ewing is anxious
to meet the Lobsters on Watsonville soil.
Tt is probable that this arrangement will
! bo made, though a big delegation of
■Watsonville Bnouters will accompany
their team to San Jose.
Advnnrrs marie on fufniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry". Morton S Hedlev. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Do.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
LIQUORS. ~~
ODDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 ; ease, $8 00
F. C. 0. WHISKEY, do $1.25
_ L. CAHEN * SON, 418 Bacramtnto 6t., 8. T.
"NO BETTFR ON FARTH" Im p p r'ai Met-
HU DLllLltUll CAKin alllc Comanche
Ochre. COMAXCHE OCHRE CO., IS Front st.
• PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMFTTF p %p and paper co..
lIILLHIIiLI IL 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, .» PRINTER.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
g raph,cp ARTRIDGE Z r^
THE HICKS- CO., £££,%%£«.
TYPEWRITERS.
Wss^l All Typewriters Rented.
C-^Jiga Few partly "used for sale cheajt
dtmWP*3L AGENTS FMITH PREMIER.
+£&Wg&. L - &M * ALEXANDER.
9 110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forv-""OR Agents and Public Weighers. G. ■
era! Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1814.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI fTNIIV Headquarters Tor fine Jewelry and
• Llinlfl) . > i>.-k. Wedding Rings. A. 3d st
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO. at IU
. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
; Clio* sad Xftl4t-4M Mala BtTMt ...
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
The New Brew
c^W of the Anheuser-Busch
T^l^/^^P s*"5 *" Brewing Ass'n
Ji^^^^^ — "The American Porter"
(ffi£^s3gffi^^^ Supplies a delightful . beverage to
jj^tv**^ the American public that has long bee
demanded but never previously attained. His superior in every way to
the best English Porter. Stout and 'alf and *alf; being mellow, refreshing
and palatable. The only perfect Porter of American make.
Try a bottle of the new brew. Sold at all buffets.
Made only by
ANHEUSER BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, St.Louis, U. S. A.
. - • Brewers of the Famous Original Budweiser, Faust, Mlchelob,
Anheuser Standard, Pale Lager and Anheuser-Busch Dark.
AUCTION SALES.
BICYCLE RIDERS,
ATTENTION
FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899,
At 11 o'clock a. m.
At Our Salesrooms, by Catalogue,
SPECIAL AND PEREMPTORY SALE OF
150 NEW AND STRICTLY HIGH-GRADE
WHEELS!
LADIES' AND CENTS' MODEL, ISM
To be sold without limit or reserve: Dealers
and prospective purchasers will' find it to their
interest to attend this sale. Wheels are high-
f?rade and in perfect condition.
Wheels on exhibition THURSDAY, March 30,
1839. »
DAVIS, BELAU & .CO., Auctioneers.
RICH, NEW FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY). AT 11 A. M.
2305 BUTTER STREET, NEAR SCOTT.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 667 Market.
y^|K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MasivJiih 625 KEABKT *T. Establlsned
jSmyMi In INS 4 for the m'RUnen: of l J rivuW
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABNTKT. Kst.iblisaed
In 1854 for the treatment of Hrlvato
Diseases, Lost Man hnud. Debility or ■
§fasS6K^S*(llsens<'wcwirlna;onbofJyan(lniiudap.(l
»Li&2 : t«!iSi''v!ii skin Diseases. l'hedoclorcureswhen
•3«fffiS|S*S3" "- Try him. Charges low
ffalßrlffii^BSa guarantor d. Callorwrlte.
1&r. J. I 1- IBROX, Box 1957. 5au Francisca
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
ktrecxth to sexual ortranb. Depot. 823 Market.
BAILBO AD TBAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chlcagro at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O "P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Ski FRANC!SCQ TICKET OFFICE— S2B MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si.
A Superb Train
fimftltL EVERY DAY IN THE YEAB
flßP'Dnioo Pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS i
. ;. WITH* BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3^4 DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Franclico.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.'
Yin SauSfOito Per" 1
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
r AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, •9:*.', 11:00 a. m. : *1:45.
I 45 5:15. •*:«>. 6:30 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mob-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. rr..
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. "10:00. niJO a. m.; «1:1».
1:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m. " 'v.
Trains marked • run to .san Quentin.
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:23. '0:35. 7:45, »9:20 a. m. :
•12-20. 2:20. '3:45. C:O5 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesday*
antl Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:20. »8:00. '10:00. '11:55 a. m.;
•1-15 •8:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trails marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
12 85 * - 45 3"60 5.20 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondayg. Wednesdays
■^U^AY^:«. 7 io!o5 r m m. ; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20.
■ :00. 6:20 p. nv HROuGH trains.
7:20 a. m. week days-Cazadero and way sta ns.
8:46 p. r% Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
1:80 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
• Try the
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid in 50-cent Mexican dollars.
Buy your ticket over the •
MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
For rates and further information address
: C. E. MINER,
G. W. P. Agent. R. 203, Houser bldg., St.
Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK, :. -*.
A. G. P. A., City of Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Franolsco. commencing Sunday,
Beet. 11. IS9S:
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THO9 C&CK * SON, Agents. (31 Market
i»tx_s»t S&a Francisco. •
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MOUTH KltM r*tinf COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tinlii> iritTf »•••! »•*■ line *• »rrlve at
HAS l'lt*Mi««.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From March 20. 1559. — abritk
•6:OO 4 Nilea, San Jose and Way Stations... »S:4sa.
7:O«a Benicift, Stiisun and Sacramento — 0:43p
7:OOa MaryiTillo, Orotilleaud Keduing tia -
Woodland s*s'
-:OOa Elmira, Vacarille and Rnmsey.. . . . . B-.-iHr
7:3« a Martinez, S»nKamon,V»UeJo, >'ap». ,
OalUtoga and Santa Rosa 2 : •■«
J»:O0a Atlantic Express. Ogilon and Kant.. 8:*»P
»:S«M Ban .lose, Lirermore, Stock tou,
lone. Sacramento, PiacerTille,
M»vyßfi!le, Chico, lle.Ulliiff I 1!, p
Ht:io\ »Milton, Oakdale aud Sonora 4H3P
»:OOA Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, '
Merced and Fresno lJ8:l»r
!»:«»« a Fresno, Hake(«tiel<l. Santa Iliiimra,
1.08 Augeres. Deming, F.I Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:43 p
1 0:00 » Vallejo, Martiner. and Way Stations 4i*or
I 2:OOm Niles, LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
.■■■ . mento, Menddta, Hanford, Viaalia, . Vi- _: i -
Porterrille.... 1 .£*!£
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "»iO«r
4:««i- Martiuer., Han lUiuon. Vallejo, „.._■
Nap*, Ualietbga, Sauta Itosa »iI»A
4:00p Beuicta, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
\V,M..iUnd, KniKlits Landing, v
MarysTiile, Ororillo * £.1*
4:»0p Niles, San Jose aud Stockton < :15p
.VOOp Sic Francl»co and Lo* Anpeles
. Limited. Fresno, Baktrafleld. San- -."_,
ta Barbara, Los Angeles .' . 9:43*.
"Ts:oop Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort - Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chie-igo and Eaat <jB:l3a
3:30p Stock 100, Mrrce<l. Fre«no l*il»P
5:»op Martinez, Tracy. Monilou, Fresno,
■'-'-; Mojave and Los Aiißelrs Si4!»*
aiB<»p Hanta Ko Uoitte. Atlantic Express .
for M.ilavo Hii'l Kast 6:4»P
<i:ODp Knropean Mall. Ogilen and Kast S'liJ*
b:O«p Haywards, Niles and San Jose A w»a
•«:«'»!• Valluj<i 1»:I»P
t7:OOpVallrjo, Port Costa and Way Sta- .„'•'_"
tions :»:4»P
»:O«p Oregon l'.x|ir«KS,aacraineiito, Maryß- .
vllle. ICuililln;, I'ortlaml, l'nget
Soiintl an<l Kast 8sl»A
ulO:OspSuniet Limited. Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans ,
and East ,bl:*Sr
SAX LEARMtO AMI'IIATWAROS LOCAL.
( Foot of "Market Street.) •
"1 Melrose, Sominiiry Park, f
8-<»Oa Fltchbnrir, Klmhurst, 6:4.1 a
i»:«»O.< Sun Ijeanilro,Sonlli N»n •i*o:4.la
lO.OOa I.Mii.lro. K«tH(lllio, !£ : i**
tll:(MU > Lorenzo. Cherry -j ■f'lfj
TiOOp | i Rung through to Nilea. 7 '* tiT
■ J t From NUes. l_;
~ COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jang*).
(Foot of Market Street.) -' ■
8:I5a Newark.CenterTille. San Jose.Kelton,
Boulder Creek, Santa and Way
Stations 8:3 OP
•8:1 Newark: CenterTiUe, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way , .
Stations ■ •I«:S»a
4:1 .1 Newark. Bau Jose and Los Gatos... »:20\
t11:43r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and ;
• Way Stations ■ ...■■■■ t7i2Up
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from r&iHOISCO— Tt*t »f l»rket Streit (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ; ll:onA.a. |l:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 tB:OO »6:C3r.M.
from OilUKD— foot trßroxiwaT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00* J*.
tl2:00 *1:00 18:00 . i 3:0? ti:o3 # 5:00 p.m.
COAST lUTISIOS (Broad Usage).
(Third and Towngend Sts.)
?:««»a San .lose ami Way >t»tiinis (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l«3Op
»:OO* San .lose. Tin Piniis. Santa Crux,
raciUo Rro»e, Paso Itoblaa. Ban ;
l.riis Oliispo. Goadalupe, Surf and
Principal W;iy stiiii.nie 4:lOif
IO:1Oa San .lose ami Way Stations "SiOOa
11:30 a San Jose ami Way .Station* 8:35 a
•a:4si-Ban Maten, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa- Clara. San .'"ae.
Gllrny, Holllster, Hunt* Cm*.
.Balinas, Monterey and Pacific
n rov «.! «IO:30a
•a:3Op San Jose and Way Stations »8:OOa
♦ l:13i- San Jos* an-l Principal Way Stations 9:4» »
•5:00p San Jo3e and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
3:30p San .lone and Principal Way Stations »:»Op
«::sop San Josh an. l Way Stations "J:8Or
t11:43p San Jose ami Way StAt:..n« 7::«0p
A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
* Sundays pxco.pted. t Sundays only, t Sat'inlaysonly
\Mondayß. aSaturdays. iSundajs.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
>^ ZjEISSEIHI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. J : «
Tibaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
Week DAYS-W:SO. 9:00, ii:oo a. m.: ll^S.
3:30 8:10, 4:30 p. m. ■, Thursday— Extra trip
at Uj3o p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:1*
and 11:80 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:10. J:S«,
5:50 » 6:20 p. in. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
S^AN -RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
tVEEK DAYS- 6:10. 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:*« L
a:*o. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
"j -66 and 6:85 p. m.
BUKDAYS— «:IO. »■«. H :l ° »■ m.;. 1:«% «:<«l
B'CO 6:25 p. m. • •
Between San - Francisco and Schuetien Park
aame «ch>dule M a.bovo. ■ —
1/ea.ve • Arrive
Ban Franolaco. In Effect San Fruncit^ .
k. > Ootober 16. —
■ Week I Sun- 1838. Pun- i Weeje
!Dayt. ' Days. Destination, days. ; ii.f. :
am'"lioo"ain! Novato. 10:40atn! 8:«0 am
5-JJ pml 8:30 am 1 Petaluma 6;10 pm I0:2o am ■
6:10 pm : 8:C0 pm Santa Rosa. 7:3S pm 8:22 i?m
Fulton.
TiN am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdaburg,
LyttoiL
'.-.•- • QtyiH
1:80 pm 8:00 am C!over4ale. TjWpm «|Opa
Hopla&d and'
7: SO am Ukiah. T:B6 pm 6:23 pro
ViSOam """^ *~" tt:lSam
8:00 am GuroeyrllU. 7:35 pm
l-.y> pm v i <; * a P°»
":&> am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
ana
6:10 pmi 6:00 pra Olen Ellen. «:10 Pra 1 6-: M pra
7:80 ami 8:00 am B«bastopol. .o:4o am, 10:« am
ejOpra: 5:00 pit^t T:S6 pm! tigpm
' Stages corniest at Santa Rosa for Mark "W>»*
Sprite* ; *jt Lytton for Lyttofl Springs; at Qey-
Mr\'lll9 lor Skaeffs *?r:n«j; at Cloverdale taw
the Geysers; at Hop!and for Duncan Bprln«s.
Highland Springs, lCel3C;Mlle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakaport and Bartlett
Pprtnsra; at Uklah lor Vichy Spriaga. Saratov*
springs Blue Lsiies, Laurel Dell Lake. WiUer
(iprlnra, Upper Lake. PorriQ, Potter Valley,
John Do*"'?, Riverside, LJerlsy'B. Budeablra,
Banh-^lrln Heights. Hullytlie, Boonevllle, Orr'i
Hot Sprin&a. JJendocJno City, Fort Bragg,
west port. vaal. VTUUttii. Lwtonvllle, Curn-
»r. lag's. Bell's Sprints. Han la. O!a«n's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
I Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduoed ratee.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at hair rate?.
' Tloket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicio bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
' Cr..':a.l &Taaa:«L-. • Gen. Pass Asent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899. trains will run aa follow*]
South-bound. * North-bound.
Paesen- i Mixed. [Mixed. Passen-
ger. j Sunday Station*. Sunday ger. '
Dally. Exo'ptd ■ ' \ Exc'ptd j Daily.
' 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton. 8:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 11:08 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pn»
,10:40 am 5:33 pm, Freaao 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:45 prs Hanford I 7:46 am 1:4« pm
2:26 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:90 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami l:2Spia Visalia 6:40 ami 1:12 pm
12:15 pm ii) pm . . Tulare ■ 6; 50 am! 1:06 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate' points as required. °
- For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Managtr'a Orfice. 821 Market
• treat. Vranf.ißSß. *.* ~.- if
.iWCBt. .sm*^* auiiiHitin
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ARE LIVING
PICTURES THE
PROPER THING ?
Men of Christ Church
Horrified.
LADIES STAND FOR ART
PROPOSED SHOW EXCITES A CON
GREGATION.
Pt. Agnes Guild Prevented by the
Vestry From Giving Its
Contemplated Per
formance.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142S Park street, March 29.
T l : ,< ladles and gentlemen of Christ
Episcopal Church have had a falling out
over the propriety of living picture exhi
bitions at church entertainments. Strange
to say, in the case at issue the ladies are
the advocates of the nude in art, while
the vestrymen, led by F. K. Mason of 1710
Everett street, are horrified at the idea
and think they could not witness such an
exhibition and live. The gentlemen blush
at any reference to the proposed enter
tainment, while the ladles look upon it in
c matu-r of fact sort of way and insist,
with much emphasis, that it Is the proper
. They blush also, however, but they
I their blushes are for the mock
Biy displayed by their co-laborers in
the church work.
St. Agnes Guild, connected with the
: Church, had undertaken tv give an
entertainment to raise funds to increase ;
i>ulk and general welfare of the i
church treasury. Among other talent the j
services were secured of Perham Nahl,
Ivlng picture artist. Nahl and his
partner, Giles Bradley, made a name for I
themselves In New York until Anthony
Cpmstock, like Vestryman Mason, became
Iced at their exhibitions, and New
York proved too small to hold them.
• fthing was progressing nicely, with
Bed entertainment, when the j
chock came that spoiled it all and prompt- ]
lies to call It off. Tickets had
I a great number of th_(in
Fold on the representation that the Nahl
living pictures would be a feature of the
tmtne. The ladies made their mis- \
i advertising the Naiil numbers too i
promiscuously. As soon as the news
reached the delicate ears of the vestry
men they pronounced it "just tooawful for
anything," and forthwith took steps to
prevent the "horrid" pictures being ex- !
hibited at a church entertainment. At
request the rector. Rev. T. J.. Lacey,
called a meeting of the vestrymen. Mr.
Mason, strange as it may appear, did not '
attend. The ladles assert that the mere
mention of living pictures so shocked him
he could not undergo the ordeal of
ta-king part at a meeting where they were
nly subject under discussion. His
presence, however, was not necessary to I
draw the curtain on the display of' the
In art. Other vestrymen, of whom
n Drake was spokesman, covered
their blushing faces and cried out against
what they considered an immoral show
fraught with danger to the welfare of the- i
community.
And so Mrs. H. E. Osborn of 1014 Paru
t, president of the Ladies' Guild.
was notified that the living pictures '
would have to bn "killed." Mrs. Osbom
w;is astonished at the action of the gen
tlemen, and immediately railed a joint
meeting of the guild and the vestry to
discuss the propriety of living pictures.
The meeting was held Sunday evening
last. Mr. Mason was not present. The
ladies argued for their living picture
Fhow. hut the gentlemen could not toler
ate it. They may have occupied seats in j
"bald head row'> at a b-tlh-t show but
they drew the fine at living pictures i
especially when the exhibition was to bft '
given with a man as the central figure.
Thus it Is ihat th<- entertainment has
been declared g*f. The ladies decided that
f thf-y could not have "pictures that
lived" they would rnak>' no effort to add
funds to the church treasury. Xotice is
thai those who haw purchased
tickets i, ;n have their money refunded
!•> applying at the box office.
Mr. Mason was Been at his home this
evening and was not in ;i 'very pleasant
frame of mind. Tie refused to ea
his opinion en living pictures and would
neither deny nor affirm that he objected
to them being made a feature of a church
entertainment.
"I would give J2O for the name of the :
person who I^-t that secret out," said Mr.
Mason, and that was all he would con
sent to say.
FATAL FALL OF
LINEMAN HOLLAND
MISSES HIS FOOTING WHEN AT
THE MASTHEAD.
Falls Across His Wagon Wheel anj
Meets With Injuries Which
Cause Death.
Oakland Office San Fianclsco Call,
908 Broadway, March 29.
Michael J. Holland fell from an elec
tric light mast this afternoon and was
killed. He fell thirty feet ami struck on
his cheat across the wheel of his wagon.
' I6eve'ral ribs were crushed and the frag
ments punctured the lungs, causing
death two hours after the accident.
Holland was a lim-man in the employ
Of the gas company aii<l was attending
to his (IT.-, of trimming electric lights
Ho v.-;ts working on a. lump near the en
trance to the race track, when he missed
his footing ami fell, His wagon was at
the foot of the pole and he iv:i upon it
bo heavily tiiat he was completely
doubled up". Holland was taken to the
hospital at the race track, but nothing
could be done to relieve him and a little
Jut'.r h.^ died. ll<- was quite prominent
In political and fraternal circles, and was
, nut married.
Method'sts in Conference.
; OAKLAND, March . 29.— district
conference of the Methodist Church
• South is in session at Asbury Church to
(in . under the presidency of Elder C i:
.. • Kidriic.k. 'Rev. C. •M. Davenport ' (if
Colusa preacher! this morning, and many
° . pastors' reported on the condition of their
.charges, . h}s afternoon the Ladies'
Hume Mission Society held its session
• and to-night -the Sunday school confer
ence was addressed by Rev. T. Bilz of
. HoJlister. " The following clerical dele
gates are -to -attendance: R. P. Wiison
If. M". McKnight. John Tlnnnon, \\ J>
Andrews. W. E. Booker. J. E. Squires j'
B. .Needham,. J. F. . Betts, J. c. Pender
. - gast," Joseph Healy.D. Bauer, H !•' \i
■»' fen. J-. B. Batchelor, C. G. Wilkinson, P
: P. Page, C: C. Black, W. F. Coffin. c! E.
Clark', C. c Todd Clark, William Acton, A.
Od'om. U. W. Curran, H. C. Meredith P.
•. N. Blankenship, A. L. Paul. Jacob
° ' Cireenwelf. L. I>. Hargiss, W. C. Mont
gomery, William Smith, TRomas S. Bur
nett". S. D. Lee, A. E. Seers, Charles
. Duce. J. S. Vann, K. A. Latimer, J. H.
, "'Duncan, Z. P. Wellington, J. V. Adams,
J. Wallace. 11. B. Newton.
„ . "The. lay delegates are: D. B. Hart. B.
= W. Hunt, D. D. Phillips, J. 11. Hen
drlcks. .':'. A. Absbire, G. E. File. C. M.
-Hiatt. E. O. Ledford, W. P. Thomas,
I William Ford. G. W. Pickle. Samuel
c Neale, Kdgar Allen, W. L. Allen, S.
Sailor. Frank Home. T. A. Gill. J. M.
. - Kyle. A. Adams, J. M. Short, L.. M. Shel
ley. R. 7C. Cain. R. B. Allen, C. A. Davis.
J. A. Stroud. C. 11. Bumpas, B. F. Gosby,
B. Campbell. John Sutherland, W. K.
Hooker. Andrew Nelson, W. M. Hutton,
. G. W. Butterfield, J. T. Conklin, C. N.
• Hawkins. Robert Chappell, W. G. Burch
ell, W« W. - Beauchamp, Thomas Con
don, W. M. Vanderhurst, .1. P. Basham,
F. C. Basham, H./A. Hardin, D. R.
Wilfioo. _
PLEADING LONG
AND HARD FOR
BRANDES' LIFE
Defense Pins Fatth to
Dr. Woolsey.
HIS TESTIMONY THEIR HOPE
ATTORNEY BENNETT ARGUES
ON MEDICAL TESTIMONY.
Deputy District Attorney Melvin Ap
peals to the Jury for a Verdict
of Murder Without Rec
ommendation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. March 29.
Juror Benjamin Marston having recov
ered, the noted Brandes murder trial that
has now dragged along for fifty days was
resumed this morning, Deputy District
Attorney Melvin concluding his argument
before the Jury. In conclusion Melvin once
more paid his respects to Dr. E. H. Wnnl-
Bey, chief medical expert for the defense,
and Witness .Vargas. Melvin declared
that this man Vargas, who had testified to
the bad reputations of some of the State's
winesses had dishonored the name of an
honest highwayman by attempting to as
sassinate the reputation of a living wo
man as Dr. Woolsey bad attempted to as-
Bassinate the good name of the murdered
girl Lillian.
The eloquent prosecutor branded the
story of young Milton Brandes, as told on
the witness stand, as "a cooked-up yarn"
suggested by his parents and recited par
rot-like by the boy, who was under their
Influence. He asked, under the evidence, I
that the jury's verdict be of murder with
out recommendation.
This afternoon J. E. Bennett comeneed
his argument for the defense, occupying
the entire afternoon, and announcing that
h«< would most likely consume the entire
to-morrow, after which his colleague, P.
W. Sawyer will close for the defense.
Attorney Bennett's style of argument is
of the conversational order. His whole
argument to-day was based upon the al
leged soundness of the expert opinions of
Dr. E. H. Woolsey. For over three hours
he discussed minutely the pathological
conditions Involved.
One rather strange statement of Mr.
Bennett's, however, attracted unusual at
tention. He said that none of the testi
mony of the prosecution necessarily
showed that Brandes had killed his
daughter. "For." continued the speaker,
"he might have tied the apron around her
neck to cover up the crime of some one
else."
Mrs. Brandes' trial was continued for
another week.
MORE EVIDENCE OF
BRIBERY IS HEARD
GRAND JURORS NOW ON A POSI
TIVE TRAIL.
At Least One Man Will Have to Ex
plain How He Knew So Much
About the Jury.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 29.
The evidence of attempted bribery of
t lie jurors who tried the case of James K.
O'Brien, charged with felonious assault,
is gradually being unfolded before the
Criunl Jury. At to-day's session some poB-
Itlve testimony was heard which tends to
connect the name of a prominent busi
ness man with the alleged tampering with
jurymen.
.Martin Welsh, a saloon-keeper, who
was one of O'Brien's bondsmen, is* alleged
to have made some very peculiar remarks
in ;i Baioon during the progress- of the
trial. This conversation will be presented
to the Grand- Jury next Monday and tends
to show that Welsh waa very confident
of the manner in which the jury would
stand regarding a verdict. The man
whose name is mixed up with the affair Is
an <>ld friend erf Welsh and for a long
tune their business relations were very
close. To-day's session of the Grand Jury
whs very short and but few witnesses
were examined. Among them were M. < '.
Chapman and A. V. Mt-ndenhall, attor
neys. They explained to the Grand Jury
the hasty method In which the special
venire for O'Brien's trial was summoned
and how certain men actually placed
themselves in the wav of. Depii'tv Sher
iff Streightlff for the purpose of being
BUbpenaed. The Deputy Sheriff was given
1 half an hour to corral the venire and
| the attorneys informed the grand jurors
that to their certain knowledge some of
tlu talesmen gave false testimony during
their examination for trial Jurors.
It is believed that as a result of the in
quiry at least one man will have to an-
Swer to the court, if not for felony, cer
tainly for contempt, as there is .proof
that he did at least discuss the case with
| certain Jurors during the trial.
BIG STRIKE RECALLED.
Second Trial of Elliott Against the
Southern Pacific Company
Now in Progress.
OAKLAND, March 29.— 1n the trial of
the $20,000 damage suit of Samuel W.
Elliott against the Southern Pacific Com
pany, Master Mechanic McKenzie whs
again on the. witness stand to-day. By
tills witness the defense wished to prove
that if plaintiff sustained damage be
cause of the railroad's inability to run
a train from Oakland to Pleasanton in
July. 1894, it was unavoidable because of
the I>IR railroad strike at that time.
The remainder of to-day was occupied
with the taking of the testimony of Man
ager J. A. Fillmore of the South Pacific
Coast system. Fillmore. during the
strike, was general superintendent of the
railroad. Attorney Lezlnsky, on behalf
of the plaintiff, examined Mr. Fillmore
at great length relative to the methods
of running trains during the Mrike and
the failure to carry out the contract with
plaintiff as purchaser of a ticket calling
for a through fare from Pleasanton to
San Francisco.
The trial will occupy several days.
. . ♦ .
A Change in Interpreters.
R. M. Aguirre has been appointed court
Interpreter In Spanish and French lan
guages, vice Joseph -Becsey, dismissed.
The interpreters for the other Languages
unchanged. They are Louis Locke, Chi
nese; Dr. C. 1). Salfleld, German; V. De
martina, Italian; and Andrew Glover,
Portuguese and Slavonian.
SUICIDE OF A SAN
LORENZO HEIFER.
i • . - ■; •
I • •
£ f~\ AX ;. AND, March 29.— A cow deliberately committed suicide to-day near O
il I San Lorenzo. An electric car in charge of Motorman S. S. Fender was
£ I J going from the junction to San Lorenzo, when the tragedy occurred that 0
| * ta- ' wrecked the front of his car. The car was rushing along at a good rate
|) and where the grass grows several feet high the motorman saw a cow on the •
i track. The animal would not move, so Fender stopped the car and led the
() cow off the track. He then mounted his car and started it, but the cow at 0
once ran ahead of him. Again the animal was led off and the car started.
4| The cow stood still till the car had gathered ;good headway and then, she de- 9
I liberately rushed at the front truck. The motorman could not stop in time
tto prevent a collision and struck the cow with great force. The animal was 6
i killed instantly and the front of the car was badly wrecked. Fender declares
• the cow had evidently determined to be killed. O
#-♦-#-»-• it ti ♦ • • • • • • ♦ '• » »» # : i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
MR. SNOW SPOKE
VERY EARNESTLY
TO MR. CLEMENT
One Hundred People
Tremble.
GREAT RESULTS PREDICTED
■ NEITHER MADE AN EFFORT TO
CONCEAL THE AFFAIR.
I Several of the Councilmen Have
Ideas That They Will At
tempt to Carry
' Out.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 29.
The City Hall is on pins and needles
because Mr. Clement and Mr. Snow have
spent just twenty-three minutes in earn
est conversation.
This most surprising incident occurred,
yesterday afternoon in the City Hall
Park, and three seconds after the gentle
men had parted Police and Fire and
Street departments "were in a state of
great excitement, wondering what it all
meant.
The meeting: had as much significance
] to the City Hall as the meeting of two
Emperors might have on Europe. Mr.
Snow will become Mayor of Oakland next
Monday; Mr. Clement will be City Engi
neer. The two gentlemen between them
have the power, if they have the inclina
tion, to declare vacant and till fully 150
positions.
Mr. Snow is a Republican and Mr. Clem
ent a Democrat, and that causes the sur
prise, it is not in proof that they talked
about anything else than the sudden
change of weather or the recent rains,
but on the eve of taking office all sorts
of awful rumors are attached to their
meeting. The fact that these two gentle
men met in the City Hall Park apparently
by accident, where everybody could see
them, and if they cared to, could hear
them, does not seem to have entered into,
the calculations of the frightened 300.
Had the meeting taken place in the rear
room of a church or a saloon there might
have been some ground for misapprehen
sion, but excited office holders and place
hunters cannot be expected to talk, or
act Intelligently.
Should there be any combination be
tween any two of the three members of
the board it would naturally be between
the two Republicans, Mr. Snow and City
Attorney Dow. The probability is that
there will be no combination at all, and
that the department will In the main be
left undisturbed. But this reasonable
view refuses to commend itself to the
anxious 150.
Already some of the new Councilmen
are giving voice to their hobbies. Mr.
Girard will introduce a resolution next
Monday night aimed at keno playing. He
says Stockton and Sacramento have sup
pressed it and be sets no reason why
Oakland should not. He has been mak
ing investigations regarding the saloons
and back rooms where the game Is
played and is prepared to be very spe-'
cine Should he be appointed chairman
of the .License Committee something may
drop.
B. C. Cuvellier does not intend to ignore
the plank in the Republican and Munici
pal League platforms referring to the
ownership of a water plant by the city
oi Oakland. He says that he is deter
mined to bring about. If possible, a prac
tical scheme whereby the cost of water
will be materially reduced.
A great effort is being made in certain
quarters to induce Mr. Kowe, who will un
doubtedly be the president of the new
Council, to name Councilman-elect Schaf
fer as chairman of the Street Committee.
Much influence is being brought *o bear
to accomplish this appointment, which is
a very important one and involves th*
letting of more contracts than any other
single branch of the city government.
It seems to be generally acknowledged
that the new Council will appoint a new
wharfinger, although much depends on
the Oakland harbor bill now hung up in
Governor Gage's office. Should the bill
be signed, the. city will have no authority
to aoDOint a wharfinger, which appoint
ment will fall to the Harbor Commis
sion This doubt, however, has not de
creased the number of applicants to suo
ceed Fred Murdock.
John Wilds will probably retain his po
sition as chief lanltor of the City Hall,
but a big effort Is being made to remove
the night watchman, Tim Holland. At
next Monday's meeting of the Council
there will probably be many surprises.
TOPHAM UNDER ARREST.
Berkeley Gas Company's Manager in
the Toils.
OAKLAND, March 29.— W. E. Topham.
the manager of the Berkeley Gas Light
('(impany, who was reported missing a
week ago but who returned, was arrest
ed to-night by Marshal Lloyd and taken
to the County Jail. Topham is mixed In
his accounts and has also largely over
drawn at his bank. The arrest was
made at the instance of the surety com
pany which had guaranteed Topham.
The Berkeley concern is a branch of the
Oakland company. It is said that Top
ham used money of the company, intend
ing to return it.
. ♦ «
SECRETARY MARTIN'S REPORT.
Tne Annual Document Submitted to
the Art Association.
J. R. Martin, assistant secretary of the
Han Francisco Art. Association, in accord
ance with the general custom, presented
his annual report to the association yes
terday. The report cover's all of the lead-
Ing events In the life of the association
during the past year.
The receipts from exhibitions and sale
of catalogues during the year netted the
association a profit of $C 36 82.
The Mardi Gras ball held at the insti
tute on the evening of February 14 was
the most successful affair ever held, ac
cording to Mr. Martin's report. It netted
i!it asociatiorj a profit of $tils 44.
Mr. Martin referred to Mr. Searles' gen
eroua offer to build a new gallery for the
display of pictures, and stated that Mr.
Searles' architect is now working on the
plans.
Other minor matters were briefly re
ferred to by Mr. Martin in his report.
The following board, of directors were
elected: Joseph D. Grant, Edward Bos
qui, W. B. Bourn, James W. Byrne, "Wil
lis E. Davis, Henry Heyman. L. P. Latl
mer, James D. Phelan. Horace G Platt
Irving M. Scott, William G. Stafford.
FREED FROM A
DRUDGE'S LIFE
ON THE TRACK
! Pathetic Career of
Willie Mills.
NO BETTER THAN A SLAVE
HELD IN VIRTU AL* BONDAGE BY
A BOOKMAKER.
Justice Quinn Appointed the little
Fellow's Guardian and Will
Have Him Properly
Educated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, March 29.
Willie Mills, to all intents and purposes
a white slave, appeared before Superior
Judge Hall late this afternon, and at the
14-year-old boy's request Justice of the
Peace J. G. Quinn was appointed his
guardian.
The lad Is a jockey at the Emeryville
racetrack, and few knew that he was the
rider of St. Calatine, which won the Hix
furlong event yesterday, lea\ing Foster's
fast Abuse in the lurch. The owner of
St. Culatine realized in the neighborhood
of $5000 on the result, because so little
faith was placed in the rider.
The career of the victorious young
jockey is pathetic. As an orphan, aged
9 years, he was taken in charge by the
Agricultural School of Illinois. Under an
indenture from that institution he was
turned over to a maji named Seller in
Chicago, this man representing himself as
a wealthy farmer, who agreed to educate
young Mills in agriculture. Instead, Seller
nut the boy to exercising race horses, and
later transferred the control of fhe lad to
Caesar Young, a bookmaker, then at St.
I.ouis, who a year ago last fall brought
th«> boy West and put him to work at the
Emeryville track. There he learned to
ride.
Young Mills' condition of slavery first
at ti acted attention about six months ago,
when the boy appeared before Justice
Quinn, who then held court at Emery
ville, and exhibiting his right ear, half
torn off, and ugly bruises on his face and
head, complained that the foreman at the
stables had beaten him. The foreman was
arrested for battery, but before th>: trial
was commenced he filed a protest with
the Jockey Club against his young ac
cuser working at the trnck any longer.
The protest was subsequently withdrawn
on condition that the case against the
foreman be dismissed, and It was.
Since then Justfce Quinn ha^< been Inves
tigating Millti' antecedents, ills investi
gations revealed the true state of the lad's
slavery. A friendship sprang. up between
the Justice and the boy. and a few days
ago the indenture issued by the Agricul
tural School of Illinois was canceled at
the request of Justice QuJnn. The boy, in
the hope of regaining his liberty, request
ed Justice Quinn to act as his guardian,
and the latter accordingly applied for let
ters, which Judge Hall granted before
court adjourned.
Justice Quinn promises to see that his
new charge Is properly educated anil
reared, but not in the ways pf the race
track.
GOOD LUCK IS WITH
T. H. BLYTHE'S CHILD
WINS AN IMPORTANT CASE IN
THE SUPREME COURT.
Florence's Guardian Had No Right to
Incumber the Estate — Twenty-
Thousand Dollars In
volved.
Mrs. Florence Blythe-Hinckley must
have been born under a lucky star, for
she seems to be successful in everything
in which she is interested. Her last suc
cess was the winning of a lawsuit in
which $20,000 was involved, action for thar.
amount being brought against the estate
which she inherited from her deceased
father, the late Thomas H. Blythe.
In 1889, while the Blythe estate case was
still pending In the courts, James Crisp
Perry, as guardian of Florence Blytho
and hor estate, entered Into a contract
with George P. Goff, an attorney, where
by it was agreed that Goff should prepare.
?" d ¥ { v " lish to lIH young lady's attorney,
v . H. 11. Hart, a brief on her part on the
question whether or not she had been
legitimated under the laws of this State
It was further agreed that in considera
tion of this service and when she had
been Legitimated by Goff and she came
into possession of the property, Goff was
to be paid out of the estate a reasonable
compensation for preparing and furnish
ing the brief.
He fulillled his obligations under the
contract and before the death of Flor
ence's guardian, Perry, in 1891, he gave the
brief to Attorney Hart. For this service
Goff demanded as his compensation $20 -
000 after the case was decided in favor of
the dead millionaire's child. The court
was asked to decree that this was a just
claim for the service rendered and that
it be declared a lien upon the real prop
erty. Aft.r this action was begun Goff
died, and Harry N. Morse, as adminis
trator for defendant's estate, was sub
stituted as plaintiff. Subsequently an
amendment was made to the complaint
to the effect that after making the ton
tract between Goff and Perry, as guar
dian of Florence and her estate, it was
agreed and understood that Perry should
in no way become personally liable.
To this complaint as amended a demur
rer was interposed specifying as grounds
thereof that fhe amended complaint did
not state facts sufficient to constitute a
cause of action; that it did not appear
that any order of the Probate Court had
even been made or obtained authorizing
Perry as guardian or otherwise to enter
into the contract alleged, and that the ac
tion was barred by the provisions of sec
tions 337. 339 and 343 of the Code of Civil
Procedure. The lower court sustained
the demurrer without leave to amend and
judgment was entered for the defendant
An appeal was taken and judgment of the
lower court was affirmed. The Supreme
Court says:
"It nowhere appears therefrom that the
brief was even accepted by the leading
counsel or used in the settlement of the
Blythe estate, or that It aided the de
fendant in the least in obtaining the judg
ment of the court establishing her heir
ship and by which judgment she succeed
ed to the possession of the property of
the guardian has no power without the
order of court to Bell or incumber the
property of his ward. • • • The con
tract, as alleged in the complaint, which
assumed to incumber the property of the
ward without an order of the Probate
Court is invalid. This renders It unneces
sary to consider the statute of limitations.
Judgment affirmed."
New Lodge of Workmen.
Judge George H. Bahrs, grand master
workman of the A. O. U. W., instituted
a new lodge of the order last night, com
posed of members of the order of Old
Friends. During the past six months Dr.
F. F. Lord, J. K. Slinkey and other actlvi
members of the Old Friends have been
energetically at work organizing the lodge
which was baptized last night. After the
Initiation of the new lodge a banquet was
held, where the members and their nu
merous friends assembled to bid the
I baby lodge good luck on its journey
through its fraternal life.
The following are the officers of the
lodge: Past master workman. Franklin F.
Lord; master workman, H. H. Davis;
foreman. F. B. Paddock; overseer, John
Dern; financier, John C. Anderson; re
ceiver, Arthur TVbeeler; recorder, J. s.
Slinkey: inside watch, Henry A. Hell
wegen; outside watch, A. C. Cunningham,
first trustee, A. W. Martin; second trus
tee, William Koehler: third trustee,
George Simmons; medical examiner, ur.
E. F. Lord.
DEMOCRATIC CENTRAL CLUB.
Literary and Musical Entertainment
for the Members.
The Democratic Central Club met last
night in Pythian Castle, Oscar Hocks pre
siding. A very large and enthusiastic au
dionte had gathered to listen to the ex
position of Jeffersonian principles. Sena
tor R. Porter Ashe spoke of his labors at
Sacramento and of the value of organiza
tion as a means to success. Robert Fer
rall. one of the oldest warhorses in the
party, brought tears to the eyes of his
listeners. Reel B. Terry told the story of
Cleveland's ajid Carlisle's betrayal of the
party in the election of 1596 and of the
lonely life now led by Mr. Carlisle in the
city of New York, forsaken as he is by
all his former friends.
Charles Edelman, twice a candidate for
the nomination for the office of State
Treasurer, who is a resident of Orange
County and the possessor of an orange
grove, spoke of the loyal devotion of his
better half to the principles of the Dem
ocratic party, said devotion consisting in.
her covering up the entire grove with
green cloth on St. Patrick's day.
M. Greenblatt. who missed by a few
votes being called to take charge of the
municipal strong box, spoke on national
matters and deprecated the war now be
ing waged in the Philippine Islands by
Maxim guns and modern rifles against
bow and arrow.
Edwin Booth Ryan recited the wrongs
the late Shamus O'Brien suffered at the
hands of perfidious Albion during the
dark days of '98.
Vocal and instrumental selections kept
the audience in good Uumor throughout
the entire evening and a plentiful supply
of steam beer, sandwiches and cigars
tended to cheer the Democratic heart.
On Thursday evening next, April 6, the
club will entertain Hon. James G. Ma
guire at a banquet.
IMPORTERS REJOICE
OVER A NEW ARRIVAL
APPRAISER LUNT TO SETTLE
DISPUTES.
San Francisco, the Second-Best Reve
nue Port in the United States,
Should Have a Permanent
Appraiser.
"Wilbur F. Lunt, a member of the Board
cf General Appraisers, arrived from New
York yesterday for the purpose of making
an examination of disputed appraisements
and of passing judgment upon the sain-.
For some reason not at all comprehend
ed by the human intellect, all the nine
members of the Board of General Ap
praisers are kept in New York City, an 1
all appeals from appraisements made in
any port in the United States are pa.ssed
upon by the board. In the case of San
Francisco. 3000 miles from New York,
there is oftentimes much delay in having
the appeals decided. There are a large
number of these appeals from San Fran
cisco on the file, and the, importers, wish- i
ing to expedite matters, requested Col
lector Jackson to ask that a member of
the board be sent to this city to settle the
appeals without further delay. In re
sponse to the suggestion of the Collector,
Appraiser J,unt has been ordered here,
and the importers are happy.
Collector Jackson says that San Fran
cisco is the second port of importance
and revenue in the United States, and
that a General Appraiser should be sta
tioned permanently in San Francisco for
the b< nefit of the Importers and the ex
pediting of their business.
General Morales' Widow Is Here.
Mrs. Natalia do Morales, widow nf j
General Prospero Morales, who came very j
near upsetting the government under I
President Barrios, arrived in the city yes- |
! terday morning- on the steamer City of !
Sydney. It will be remembered that j
Morales was a fugitive from the Gov
ernment and was found dying in a cave
on the Mexican frontier.
After the defeat of the revolutionary
army and the flight of General Morales,
Mrs. Morales was in hiding for some timo
at the Mexican legation. After Presi- '
dent Barrios' death Mrs. Morales was '■
treated with great consideration by Presi- j
dent Cabrera. The lady was allowed to ;
I pass at will through the country, and
j she- came to this city, where she will re
| main a while for her health.
May Taber Returns From Guatemala.
Miss *May Taber, who recently acquired
considerable notoriety in this city by
having her name linked with General
Barillas in various sensational episodes, i
arrived from Guatemala yesterday on the
City of Sydney, and went immediately to
San Mateo with her mother.
Miss Taber has been a resident of "La
I^ibertad," one of General Barillas' coun
try places, for the p;;st two years. She
has been enjoying herself to the utmost
In the southern villa, but she finally de
cided to return to more congenial shores.
It is said that the jealousy ;l nd enmity of
Mme. Barillas was the cause of her
leaving General Barillas and the coun
try home. Things became so warm for
th" fair Pan Franciscan that she decided
to leave Central America forever.
Niantic Parlor's Delegates.
Joseph B. Kecnan and- Frank Drtiry
have born elected a* delegates to the
Grand Parlor of the Native Sons of tho
Golden West from Nlantic Parlor, and D.
Stoney and Frank Mordecai were chosen
as alternates. Supervisor Lewis F. By
irigton. a member of this parlor, is in
line of promotion foi grand orator.
Ingenious Ah Dock.
Ah Dock, the Chinese lottery ticket sell
er who hit upon tho Ingenious plan of
carrying around the tickets under the col
lar of his dog, appeared before Judge Mo
gun yesterday. He pleaded guilty, and the
Judge sentenced him to pay a fine of $10
for his Ingenuity,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E R Smith. NY J S McPherson. Mich
Mr? Curran. May field Mrs J S McPherson
G F Bidwell, Chicago Michigan
C F Taylor, St Paul Mrs M A Rust. Mich
H Macray, London Mrs A Freeman. N V
Mrs li Macray. Londn|W A Dayton, N J
T Cranage, Mich Mrs W A Dayton N J
A Hill. Michigan I Miss Clarke. N J
P L Sherman. Chcgo Mr Mosely & w N V
G Gloelgle, Palo Alto M Schenck, N V
W L Tucker. N V H Gibson. N V
Mrs Hudenhoffer.Butte Mrs U Gibson. N V
City Mrs II J Biddle, Pa
L C Waite. Riverside Miss C Biddle. Pa
L Bauer, Germany Miss C H Baird. Pa
(i .1 Cole. St Louis H C Watts, Pa
Mrs <; J Cole. St Louis Mrs H C Watts. Pa
Mrs C Wheeler. I'hilalM V Beiger, Ind
Miss G Wheeler. Pa Mrs M V Beiger. Ind
C A Stockstrom, St D M Garrison. D S N
. Louis ;B li McGregor. N V
Mrs C A Stockstrom, Mrs I! B McGregor. NY
St Louis A P Douglass, Colo
Miss Morlty, Louis A Smith. Stockton
Mine Melba. London C Smith, Stockton
Miss Donaldson, Lndn Miss Hanson. Mayfleld
C A Kills. Boston - W 11 Wood, NY
A W Williams. Boston A XJrquhart, Glasgow
F W Hannan, Boston N Cochrane. Glasgow
E B Sterling Boston A Barber, Grand linds
Mrs X B Sterling, Bstn 111 s McCormack, N V
.1 W Catty, London Mrs D B Hatch. N V
.1 1! Peakes, Sta Cruz Miss Hatch, N V
W H Turner, U S N C H Lymberg, N V
"Mrs J Emerson.Detroit .Mrs w D Smith, N V
X E Emerson. Detroit D P Curran. -N V
A C Bryer, N V B I" Hall. N V
Mrs A C Bryer, NY en Osborne. Stanfrd
J S Hanburg, Pa C Aaron, Pittsburg
Mrs J S Hanburg, Pa jM Aaron. Pittsburg
W C Johnson, N V 'Mrs M Aaron, Plttsbg
GRAND HOTEL.
T W 6'Neil, Sacto G E Harcourt, II I
G T Crandall, Omaha W \V black Hollister
J II Roberts, Sacto R Holton, Cal
J X Bulger, Cal Q C Hyatt ii \v c a l
C Dunphy, Stanford P P Clark, Stock toil
T MYorke, Stanford II H Potting, Cal
W H Eagle, Chicago G B McCord, Hanford
Mrs L Spence &c, Cal \V C Taylor, Cal
J A Black. Chicago Mrs A D Tappan, Cal
W S Gibbs, Pa Mrs C II Anderson. Cal
E P Grant, Modesto H 8 Iteming S Cruz
H B Glllis, Yreka E L Van Cluck Cal
M E Bettman & w. Cal G C Flanders & n Or
Miss E Bales. Redding 1 A \V Ocoback & w. Or
•I Lawrence, 1! C A Arnold, Oakdale'
L Lawrence, B C C L Hooka, Tacoma
D W Jones, Cal \V ,T Hughes, Oakdale !
Mrs N Adams, Minn I, B Doe, Cal
H Adams, Minn J B Hoy't Cal
W B Flemery, L Ang M Wolff X V
W 3 Moze &w. 11l ", A Anderson Suisun
J W Heard & w, Napa A Heilbron, Sacto
J L Badge Jr. L Ang W W Patterson, Cal
T F Blxby & w. Cal ij C Bunner. Sonora
G W Stewart, L Ang H L Smith. Cal
Mrs M E Rtone. 11l IP L Coombs, Napa •
Miss X Stone. 11l R C Wilson, Cal
.1 Porter. Salinas C X Stegmaler, Pa
X Habener, NY M J Reinmuller, N T
T L Pritchard, Sacto 10 Bllzard. Colo
CLUBMAN OVERBOARD
IN A HEAVY SEA
TOM DWYEii HAS A NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DEATH.
He Was Sinking Under the Weight
of Extra Clothing When
Caught With a
Boathook.
Thomas B. Dwyer, a deputy In the Tax
Collector's office, residing at t 844 Bay
street, had a narrow escape from drown
ing yesterday morning in the open sea.
With a number of Olympic Club friends
Dwyer formed the fishing party that left
this city early in the day on A. Paladin!
& Co.'s tug the Henrietta. Outside the
heads they encountered rough water,
which grew rougher as they proceeded
down the coast. The members of the fish
ing party, some of whom were not sea
soned salts, had a pretty rough time, but
none of them got the dose that came to
Dwyer.
In some manner that he cannot explain,
he was caught in one of the heavy seas
the tug shipped and swept overboard. He
had on a large pair of rubber boots, a
heavy coat and an overcoat and was in
a fair way of sinking from the weight
of this clothing, when the engineer of
the tug managed to catch him with a
boathook.
When Dwyer was drawn aboard the fug
he was pretty far gone, and It was more
than an hour before he regained con
sciousness. During the remainder of the
day he was decidedly seasisk and re
turned to the city very weak, but other
wise none the worse for his mishap.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. anil A. ■
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
EVENING, March SO. at 7:30 o'clock. JLJ?
Third degree. By order of the Mas- 'V >
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
pacific Lodge No. 155. 1. o. o. <«wa»s>
F.— Will be Initiation THIS s? -£2S£
EVENING. March 30, 1599. Visit- •-^•>SBf
ing brothers invited ' " H ' v
JOHN STEVENSON. N. G.
DR. F. .D. ASHWORTH. Rec. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3,
I. O. O. F.— Initiation an.l .->lec- 4§?2S?Sfe
tlon of representatives to Grand : Sir*f3^j2~
Lodge FRIDAY. March 31. " "'' ■
ALEX JACOBI, N. G.
W. D. WILSON, R. S.
YERBA BUENA Lodge - No. 15, -«\MiK'/~
I. O. O. Election of Grand jgfrZjlife
Lodge representatives THURS- : S?^®£sfe : '
DAY, March 20. <<? > /n'$ > '
JAMES BOXES, N. G.
J. D. SCHLOEN. Rec. Sec.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'K pne^aTveTsl
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
BAD tenants' ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
j ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Patr.t Co.. 319 3d st.
i - . L
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — Dividend No. 91 of the
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1, 1599. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 25. 1599, at 12
o'clock m. .E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS "WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT German mother and daughter
desire situations; mother good cook; daugh-
. ter second work or nurse; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
, FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress
desires, situation: 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SCOTCH nurse, best of references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. _•■■■'-.-.'■' ■.•■•"■
RELIABLE cooks, second girls and Infants'
nurses awaiting situations. MRS. KRAUSS,
315 Stockton st. : tel. Clay 624.
GIRL wishes general housework in the coun-
try; wages $20. MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter St.
YOUNG woman\ wishes light housework; likes
children; references given. Please call 41
Madison aye., oft Harrison St., between Fifth
and Sixth.
YOUNG widow with 1 child wishes position aa
housekeeper for an old gentleman or lady.
Call or address ?45 Fifth st.
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work, city or country; low wages. 3128
Clementina St., near Fourteenth.
WANTED — Situation by a young woman; any
kind of work by the day; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress ZOS Drumm st. V.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper or
care of children; no objection to country.
Nsw Western Hotel, room 51.
YOUNG American woman wishes to do general
housework; good plain cook; references. Box
753, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes position to do light up-
stairs work or care for child over 3 years;
wages $12. Address hox 753, Call office.
YOUNG girl would like position to take care of
children; no housework: wages $10 to $12. Ad-
dress box 756, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS all-around boarding-house, res-
taurant or hotel cook wishes a situation.
Please address or call at 741 Howard et., r. 12.
TWO young ladies would like positions; one as
waitress; the other to do second work. Ad-
dress or call room 9. 216 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation as second girl
or light housework. 645 McAllister st. .
RELIABLE girl; general ' housework; good
plain cook; $12. 2510 Pine St.
WOMAN wishes housecleanlng by the day.
1113 1 ? Howard St., room 21.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as cook
or general housework.. Call 1650 Post st.
WANTED— A place to work by the day; sleep
home. Call for 2 days, 4S Seventh St., room 5:
REFINED, domestic woman would keep house
or go as companion to elderly person; pleas-
ant home; small wages. 997 Market, rm. 108.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish seamstress and wait-
ress wishes position; wages $25. Call 150 Cook
St., off Geary, after 2 p. m.
SWEDISH girl wants a position to do fancy
Ironing In dyeing and cleaning works. Call
150 Cook st.. off Geary.
COMPETENT girl for general housework in
small family; wages $25. Please call at 142
Eighth St., for 2 days. /
SWEDISH woman wants work by the day at
washing or houses-leaning. Address 43S Fran-
cisco st.
GIRL would like situation at second work.
Please call 179 Precita aye. for 2 days.
LADY will sew and mend part of day for good
home. Box 1169. Call.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants position to
do general housework. 56 Prosper st.
YOUNG girl wishes position where she can go
to school In afternoon. Address 1611 Vallejo.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry; elevator.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS 'pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATiO'.S WANTED— MALM.
GARDENER, botanical, landscape, prorogat-
ing, greenhouse experience, the very highest
•of reference given, wishes a situation. Par-
ticulars of J. F.. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sac-
ramonto st.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands.
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st.: tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. : teL East 426.
rAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, SO Geary st. ; teL Grant 5«5.
YOUNG German wants position about gentle-
man's place: second butler, choreman or
gardener; understands the cultivation of
(lowers and vegetables thoroughly; good ref-
erences. Bos 759. Call office.
SOBER middle-aged man wants work; private
family, horses, garden, cooking, useful In
general : references; wages no object. Address
box 4421, Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION by elderly man; gardener, man
about place; understands care horses, raising
vegetables; handy with tools; references. \\ .
box 751, Call.
STEADY young German Catholic: 2S years old:
care horses, garden and make himself useful
around house. Box 755, Call office.
STRONG boy, 17 years old. wishes work of any
kind; German descent: reference. Address
H. SPECKTER. 861% Natoma st.
GOOD German cook wishes position as cook or
help in kitchen; city reference. D. V.. box
764, Call.
Situations wanted- continued.
BAKER — Young man: first-class baker on bread
and cakes. Address 134 and 130 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS painter; will work cheap. Ad-
dress 907 V-: Mission st. .
MAN and wife with a 3-year-old boy wish
situations on a ranch; wife is a good cook,
and the man understands all about dairy or
farm business. Inquire or write B. F., 2425
I St., Sacramento.
BY young man capable of taking care of
horse*, cow, garden; good driver; repairing
harness; handy with all kinds of tools; good
references. Box 1173. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French gardener, experienced
in vineyards and orchards, 'with good refer-
ences, wishes a position. Address A. 8.. 1125
Stockton st.
AN experienced bookkeeper will pay half first
months' salary to anyone securing him posi-
tion. Box IKS. Call.
SITUATION as bookkeeper, collector or sales-
man; best of reference. Address box 743,
Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— By a young couple, situations; city
or country; handy all-around people. Ad-
dregs 208 I >ni!!im st.
YOUNG man wants employment of some kind
in city or out; reference. Bos 1200, Call office. .
WANTED— Position as gardener; private fam-
ily preferred; single; middle-aged: thorough-
ly capable; first-class references. Address
Box 196. San Rafael. Cal.
I SITUATION a? coachman by an Englishman
who thoroughly understands his business- ten
.years' references. Box 1195 Call office. '
YOUNG German gardener wishes position In
private family; city or country. Address 2102
Larkin st. ; ;.•. .
ACCOUNTANT of long and wide experience
wishes position as bookkeeper or office man.
Box 3214. Call.
EXPERIENCED grocer wants position: cttv
or country; references; German. English. E.
W., 1094 Treat aye.
WANTED— Situation by experienced barkeep-
er; city or country; references; German and
English. 3050 Twenty-fourth st.
! GERMAN couple wish positions on ranch or
dairy; man experienced rancher and dairy,
man; wife good cook and housekeeper; ref-
erences. 101 Prospect place. ■ .
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
COOK, $30; 2 second girls, $20 and $25; house-
work girl. Belvedere. $25. see lady here; Ala-
meda $25, Oakland $25, Redwood City $25, and
other towns; 12 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and ■ 525. 'MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter' st. 2 _
MIDDLE-AGED woman; care of baby; $8; good
home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, 2 In family. Mill Valley, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish" second girl,- $25, good
place; parlor maiu and waitress,. $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, Santa Cruz. German preferred,
$35. MISS CULLEN. __> Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st^
HOUSEWORK, ranch. $15; Concord; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
8 HOTEL and restaurant waitresses. $20 and
$25 per month; 6 waitresses, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttar st. <
2 HOUSEWORK girls. Alameda, $25 and $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. :,;
REFINED nurse. San Rafael, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH cook, $:». MISS CULLEN, 3"25
Sutter st. ____
NEAT young girl, assist light work, $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child, $25, references: 2 waitresses,
$25 each, private families. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. L ___ ,_
NEAT young girl. $15; second girl, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. _
WAITRESS, Crockett, $20; Santa. Cruz $20;
French maid and seamstress. $25; mirse. 1
child, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant I*s
2 waitresses and 1 chambermaid to wait, for
first-class commercial hotel, country, $20 each
and free fare one way. ;C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Gearr st.
10 WAITRESSES, different springs and coun-
try hotels, $20 and $25: 2 restaurant waitress-
es. $6; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20; 2 young
waitresses, $15. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st. ■* '
40 COOKS and housegirls (good competent
girls) for city and country, $15 to $30; middle-
aged German to care for 2 children, country,
$15; nureeglrl, $8 ' month, to care for baby,
no office fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ' • ■ , '
CHAMBERMAID, hotel; chambermaid, wait 1
meal $20: 4 waitresses, $20, $5 and $6 week;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Bot-
ter st. ]_l
COOK American family of 3, across the bay,
$25, see lady at 10 o'clock; French lady's
maid to travel, $23; 3 cooks in American and
German families, $25 and $30: 2 waitresses
and parlor maids, .$25; 2 North German and
Irish nurses, $25: and girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. , - - -
GOOD cook or general housework in the coun-
try; wages $20. MISS DILLON. 315 Saner.
GERMAN second girl for San Rafael; girl for
general housework in Suisun; wages $22 60.
MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter St.
GOOD girl for second work and care of chil-
dren. MISS DILLON.: 315 Sutter st.
COOK country. MISS DILLON, 315 Sut-
ter ■«.' . " - . .
3 YOUNG cooks. $25, $30; 6 upstairs girls. $15.
$20; 10 housework girls, $10, $15. .MRS.
KRAUSS. 315 Stockton st.
WANTED— 3 young ladies to travel: one with
some knowledge" of painting, the other of re-
touching photographs, the third as assistant: ■
state age, salary expected, etc.; only those
able to leave city a year need apply. .Box
761. Call office. l£'
WANTED— A girl to do general housework':
must understand taking care of baby; „ 4 in
family. SOS California st. - ■■
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on skirts at
A. CAILLEATJ'S, 114-116 Kearny st. .
FIRST-CLASS ironer. GOLDEN GATE DYE
WORKS. 342 McAllister St. '
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
13C7 Hyde st. ■ ■ ,
GIRL for general housework; references re-
quired. Call after 6 p. m. at 221 Sanchez st.
WANTED— girl to take care of chil-
dren;, good home. Apply 3434 Clay st.
APPRENTICE girl on custom-made coats;
some expedience. 214 Seventh st.
YOUNG girl to wait In restaurant; short hour*.
686 Geary st. '_ .
GIRL or mldde-aged woman for housework.
71« Green st. .
WANTED— Good waitress at 619 Sacramento st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl to do housework in
small family. Call at 441 Sixth, near Bryant.
GIRL for housework; American family of 4;
wages $25. 631 Larkin st. ;
WANTED— GirI to help in light housework; $10
month. 426Vs Grove st.
GOOD waitress. 106 Second st.
GOOD finishers on pants wanted: steady work.
554 Folsom st. ■__
GOOD finisher and' buttonhole maker for boys'
tailoring. 20S Rose aye., bet. Haight and
Page sts. .
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted. Apply
early at 465 Tenth St.. bet. Broadway and
Washington BtS., Oakland.
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 344S
Twentieth at., northeast corner of Capp, after •
9 a. m. : ■_
GERMAN girl for. general housework. 394
Hayes st. -•
FIRST-CLASS talloress for ladles' tailoring.
COHN, 332 Sutter St.
WANTED— Apprentice and improver for dress-
making. 1323 Webster st.
WANTED— Young German girl for light house-
work. 1C36 Clay St.. corner. Mason. "
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4, 403 California st.
WAITED— Thoroughly competent kid _. ov *
'saleswoman for Sacramento. Apply 6-3 Mar-
' ket St.. room 7. from 2 to 3 p. m.
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists; pow-
er. 8. F. MFG. CO.; 409 A Turk St.
YOUNG girl for upstalf-s work. 1207 Gough
street. :
YOUNG girl for downstairs work and cooking;
good wages. 1207 Gough st.
HELP WASTED SMLE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
WANT TO-DAY ......
Ranch blacksmith 40 and found
Camp blacksmith. Ma and found
Tools advanced for 10 more woodchoppers, $1
and 70c cord; stableman, $35 and found; gar-
dener $25; furnace man. $40 and found; milk-
ers. $25: farm hands, choreboys. etc.
.........FOR HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker, $50; ironer; $30 and found; B waiters.
$25 and found: 6 cooks. $30, $35 and $40; ranch
cooks, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
MAN and wife, Santa Cruz. $55, see party here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
BUTLER, $S5: good place. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. .
A 1 OPERATORS on ladles' jackets. DAVID-
SON & MILLER. 131 Market si.
. «HELP W _t*.Tl_J— Continued.
C. R. HAPPEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
A gang of . laborers... -• A. pang oi teamsters
fcr -new." railroad work. • .
Lnljctere, •mbuataiß railroad; ship night.
Bl_ckshiS-th !'r>r si' r.'.ine. see _oss here; biack-
r:nitU for a' ?aui!;ill, $40 i:> $4j and board;
circular sawyer. . so* boss I:cri - .
2 roi_-h carpenten? ■with ' t some tools for
r_:'.c!i vrcr_,'s3o and found; 4- < jnllkers, {25 and
SSO; . farmers,, Si;>; pnoreman who enn milk,
German" farmer and v.ifc: sea p?.rty here.
5-te.-tinstens, city.-c. K. HAKSEN i; CO.,
:''4"_Q.r; : - et. ' : "- --:; j _j
WAKTEb— -Foreman' 1 fir Ft;.o!p; c.-.rrisifre
rajtitrr, --'•'-"> ■tiny; .blacksmith for mlne v %-ii.
s: s boss l'.?r;-: black-ji:!th"s hplper. Si day and
hoard; gravpl rninc-.^ S4O -mil bin)- 1 . ;. cooks.
waltrrs and.othava. Apply to J. F. CUOSETT..
' & HO.. CCS Sacs?rncr.to st.
WANTED- Retail :- sienna n with experience I*l
grocery b_slri*!Js:.'S tvc reference "and wages'
." ' .pxrvoiou.-- I?d_ '"7. Qe.lV. <
BRlClHTftn*_tly ;<!r?FSbd boys between ages of
12 p,n*l .if; hbha other need apply: y Fourth
; .-::. Ifi t?o*32. .- .. .". " ■
liJ"..\UG}iT-. a M AX' ■ 'acsstritorned to 'general rrsa-
vhin? an_ •iigtne~3c'-sil,n;n_ desires position.
TO p; tVi* \\f><>k-rH> v TOirs m«n*« rho°s, some
■•nearly es-,v, fro>i: :T.f'c! to SI "0; new shoes,'
-, slightly^ djxmajjed. rrs..-hal: price. 562 Mission
st.; <wt. TFirst and Second stsl; open Sunday.Sj
WANTED— A practical!" uiior to work -. store..
■ ;: v:ui i__i__ ■ ""•'''■' ' ■
It^ME fer.n man; 30 Hnnnah St.. Otfkland,
Watt a Tract; Berkeley train. •
A FIRST-Cl__SS harber \t_nte_ to work in
country 1 ; Bteady, position. Apply 87! Market.
CUSTOM coat, vest and pants makers. 635
" Kearny sst;t t ; Thursday and Friday.
STRONG boy wanted in fruit-store en Satur-
day- only. BSO FlUmore Ft.
CHEAP carpenter wanted. ISO; Haight st.
BOY 14- cr 13 years old for wine house. Call 8
a. TO. m 422 Market St.
BARBER— YOUXG man with 2 or 3 "years'
experience. "Apply; 7%A Geary st.
JiAJ-i to work in Ic. icing house for room, board
an.d trashing. S Market St. .
GF.T your ."-boos half-soled while waiting. 3."0
to r.Oc. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2*l sts.
MAX to dean store every day; 8 to 12; $2 week.
61? Larkin st. :
FIRST-CLASS coat maker to work inside.
411Vs Kearny st.. first floor. ' ]
FIRST-CLAPS salesman on commission for j
well -advertised specialty; .references. • Box 1
" 1175, Call office.
SOLDIERS' additional scrip and forest re-
serve scrip. Address J. E., $23-~ Shotwell st.
SEAMEN ar.d young men for Honolulu and j
the r.r>rih. Ifl Sfnifirt St., upstatrs.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- I
ke* : 700 rooms. 25c night: r*rul!n'e room: free ;
f bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AT Boulder Creek— loo ti<? m:.\e:s; ffood tlm-'l
■ b*>r; lon_ Job: TxSxS foot tit-s, 12 cents e,ie_. i
MIPDLETON .t BLUM. 8.-uilrier -Creek. Cal. j
MKN to go north: long Job: no experieoce re-
quired: io charge?: everythlns found. At |
HERMAN'S. 26 Steunrt st.
_
RECRUITS wanted for th<- United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States par able-bodied, |
unmarried men between the ages of .'. and 35 i
years, who are citizen? of the United Statej. |
cr thos* who have, legally declared their In- I
♦f-nti-^n to became surh; must be of good-'
character and habits ar.d able to sp?ak. read }
ar.d write Er^l!.<h. and ho between 3 feet 5 i
inches and 6 feet in height. For further in- .
lcnr.a!!'" 1 - apply at the Recruiting c:_ce, 40
EiJis St.. Sa.i Francisco. Cal.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. \
WaNTED-'-Mc.t to learn thp barber trade; j
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt. i
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know I
: that _>i JRclkin. Reno House proprietor, still :
lur.s Denver Hous?. 217 Third si : 150 large
rooms; 2f,c per night; $1 to i?, per week. |
SAILOF preen hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam wlia'.ers; seamen wanted at
LAN _ 004 Davis et.. near Jackson.
HOBSOM House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 -to $3 per." week.
20 MEN tn- co on whaling cruise: no experi- j
, ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and Vtbtten to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. IS^S Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnishe-i room. $2 50 a month: !
Lin-ell House, Sixth and Howard sts. j
MEN'S fir.c calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's j
fo!eir._, 35c ;^ only one price. ?23 How-ard st. ;
SINGLE room?, 156. 20c. 25c per ilghi 75c, $1 ;
i 0.:2 50 wk. Elcho House. S63H Market St. i
V-'AXTED — To collect vf aw." dna laborers and" *
clt: ks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SIXGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy |
room. 25c riight. Rosedale House, *21 Ellis st. I
TRY Acn:e House, P57 Market St., below Sixth,
for a r ore: 2".c a r.:c;ht; $1 a week.
AGENTS W VMEO.
COUNTRY to ?e!l Leather Lustre; best seller !
c.ut; E__l pic -post paid, 2i><?. J. Broun, 332 Bush, j
EE ».•• ar.d get !n while th» proposition '.s :
r.ew and r-.ake :<oo_ money. IJ3 Seventh St.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER with ;r.f'an3 to assist a lady In a
good paying business: a fortune guaranteed [
to the rUht party.; none without moans need
apply. Box 752, Call o'fi'.'r:.
PARTXEK with 5500 -for half interest in or-
par.izcd trrea,trieaJ company; handle your own !
money. Apply DAVIS, 6 Eddy s.t., room US.
X_\r>Y with store -T_nts rartner with small
capital-; y-od r^y^g b_?-;ne£s. 171> Mission.
HOISES WAXTED,
i OR 5 unfurnished room*;, upper at, for -man I
and wifej .'Western" Addition or Mission, above I
Valencia. Address box 1157,. Call office.
■WANTED^-Io Ross Vklley for 3. month?, cot- j
ugi 4 i>f 5 <t C n»im« ;ir.d bath; fdrntshed or
-llfurnisbed: s!cx 761. Call. !
■ : .■.TtOOMS WANTED.
QUIET back room, $5. by North German; 5
tr, HutM from Call Ofiice. Box 765. Call. '
rtD— MISCELL-' S.
SCRAP Iron, brass and copper bought: eoun- |
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V , 20f Mission. I
HOUSES.
•0 HORSES for cale; also wagons, buggies? j
cart*, harness; Grand Arcade Horsj Mai .cet, j
.427 Sisth st. ; auction lies every Wedncbday. !
BCLLIVAN _: DOYLE. Auctioneers. j
A(iOXS AM) CARRIAGES.
KIXJK :_-.:. bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
Kits; l extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison. i
lot SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys an. horses. 1140 Folsom st. j
KIRMTI fit: FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, combination de.vk, sewing ma-
chine, tjcycie; all good; cheap.' 11*7 Dolores.
4 ROOMS furnitihed in oak for J4S ro.'.wlth No. \
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127- Market. !
■ '-■ ' ' — i
FOR S;VLU-MISC_LLA.\EOLS.
BOILERS,, engines, 2d-°band machinery. Mc-
•l-;»'TOsll ... & V'OLPJfAX, 19S-157 ; Fremont st.
A -TiiniTX-MILE power fleid and marine glass,
coal c.j'ljjiiiaily l^ii, to be sold now for $14 at ;
XtNCLEjHARRIS', 15 (irant aye. ;
FINE lot -of fancy and common pigeons for eale |
atVfW San Carlos uvo. :
BARS, b_^k?4jarfl, mirrors, showca_e«, cbunterjs, j
lifloleiii:i. OfCcir. furniture, ■ato:t; ai;d f)fi:..:e fur- I
liituro 'itr.d Oxtuces; new and 3econd hand.
J. Np©NA.N. " IUI7-1013-1021-1023 ■ Mission st.,
above , J
i3f,o— S\AI«O_>X; corner Ea^t and Greenwich sts. ;
: f*i»t;s2l3;; Ovrnt* has two places. Call at KM
'pacific _t. J_ - _^
CRKAMEiiY' machlnc-p- for :«ale; a bargain;
ajmest" neV. latest type sep_rator, boiler, en- .
;''.-.e ttc.': s'.ikl (separately or.'togetber. Apply |
.Lex 4;7,. c PetalUßia..Cal. __. I.
3AK- encJne, 0V- hor_epoweir, ?15O; R horsepower,
nio- ethers, new arrJ second hand. DYNAMIC
U.XGIXE CO., 503 California st.
['Ol! sfiit-^-Lic-.velyn br«ckl pups; i month old; !
chsap. . 73D 'Pine Et. "
ISNg7xES.« dynamos. b'ii!..>rs, pynips, beiting,
tie. WHITE'S. MS Mission £t. •
DOM___lC sewing machin*; gooil cciiditlon;
■ complete; thcap. 1515 Mission tit., near 15th.
THOlifixyiH HHED St. IJernard de.g; 11 rnonth3
c '<.:>:. Ai.! ',r.:ff, 7D7 Mission st., corner Fourth. ; !
PALLETS covered by pat. leather pr»-\>>nt flip-
___s"-: saves, power. Cal. Belt Co.. 510 Mit-'.-ion.
PHKXTICE iathc. jvrew cuttfnrJ full set of
attatiiinc-uts. ' See owjur, 728 Capp s'..
EAFHS -AiTiiiie. "new and necon'l band. THE I
HERMANN SAFE ..CO.. 417 Sac ran ■ s.t. |.
BOILE M]g[noTr~«'fcr,n'd-hand maohir.ei-y.
ASHMa.V _ BURKE, 133 Bcalo st.
OVFrRSTO^K^7rGTr"maTn~BriHarTc7.T tables, •
—^____L___ ure!<; I>eer pnnipa; rented; fWil Mkt.
0AF "H INE '^"- ! n^-l horse'pTwer. $100; 2.H21T
3, jloO: 4. ty;;,. . SMITH CO.. 527 Mission si__
POLYPHONT. $X; nuachment <nnlj->. SIS: will !
fit pnono cr graphophone. Baclgalupi, 988 Mkt.
EAF£S— Bargains in new and second hand; all I
eiaet-; halt original cost. io»-m Market. S. F.
BUSINESS CHAHCKS.
XEA.T corner grocery and bar. well stocked;
fine fxtures; living rooms; rent 525; price
__ _ l _: V/ILK IE & UXFUG, 806 Market st.
GENERAL raerchnndiso store connected with
rcstotiice tel lively country town: no oppo-
sition; including building:, 2 lots '25x150;
v-C-CO; stock of merchandise about $2C00;
rarest chance. For particulars call WILICE
& UNFUG. •-.; Market £t.
A— SILOO— CORNER grocery and bar;, block 'from
City Hall; 5 years' lease; a good paying busl-
■ neis; established for years; new stock; best
class of custom; ownar to make a trip to
Gotf-mr.ny. V/ILX3 _; UXFUG. 306 Market.
A— S4Oo— SALOON": _-iir.t; a hp!*n_!d business:
best .. ivn-towii location; California- and
Montgomery »ts.; rent ti'S. Call \vit.K_; _:
■ UXFUG. 806 Market st.
$3SOO— TRANSFER corner saloon; 18 furnished
rooms; 3 planes; cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
. of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WJI^KE _- UXFUG, 900 Market at.
J2rS— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
S WILKE & UXFUG, 906' Market St.
$150— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent 520; on McAllister ft. : dally receipts,
IIC. WILKE „ UNFUG. 306 Market St.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always bei'.n money-mak-
ing prace: best-location; close to California on
Kearny st. : rent low. Particulars WILKE
._ UNFU'G. .906 Market st.
$3250— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many years and d .ng first-class
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 400,
Call office.
RELIABLE honest man for office work; no ex-
lierlence necessary; must be satisfied with 575
per month and have small capital. WARD &
CO.. 1027 1 . Market St., above Xth.
| $200— DINING parlor; free rent: clears J75 mo.;
luO lodging-boluses, price? from $30 to $3500.
WARD & CO:, IC27M. Market st., above Sixth.
WANTED- Treasurer for traveling theatrical
company; must deposit {500; Balary $-0 week;
Apply SHERMAN. 6 Eddy St.. room US.
WANTED— A lady with mnans that would like
to travel to act as treasurer with ' class
theatrical company. Apply SHERMAN,
Hackmeier Hotel.
$500— PARTNER in manufacturing business;
large stock; exclusive trade: $75 to $100 a
'month clear ... no experience required;
•plenty of work.. Western Inv. Co., 9 Geary.
$200:-PAP.TNER, light business; (18 a week; no
experience, required; trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co., a Geary st.
J5OO-PARTNER wanted in' a well established
tobacco and cigar business; receipts J9O per
day. . Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
J4CO— RE_TAUKA-T"_ and oyster house; bargain
if sold Immediately, on account of going
East. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
SALOON; bargain; will sell at great sacrifice.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
A— si>oo: DELICACY, pork store and branch
bakery; $25 daily. KRi^DO & CO., 22 _ Geary.
A— s.lso: BRAXCH bakery and delicacy; receipts
$S daily; 3 living rooms. Kredo. 22^i Geary.
CORNER cigar stand: a rare chance; bar-
gain. KREDO & CO., 22_ Geary st.
FOR sale— centrally located barber shop
in San Jose; proprietor being otherwise en-
gaged will sell at a great sacrifice. Address
A F. NOFTZ. 36 Fountain St., in Jose, Val.
WE buy and sell business opportunities of
all kinds; our list is the largest In the city.
National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., 100SH Market st.
S-i-10— RESTAURANT: north of Market St. COW-
ING _ CO.. S&5 Market st.
$175— RESTAURANT and 4 furnished rooms;
• $700 worth of furniture; rent $30; biggest snap
en earth. Apply D. McRAE, 527 Mission st.
TO rent— Occidental Hotel, Mayfleld, Santa
Clara County: rent $15 per month. Owner, F.
L. PRITCHARE 12 Market St., B. F.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or part: cheap. Northeast corner Val-
ley and Dolores sts. ■
AMUSEMENT grounds; best location; latest'
Eastern novelty; partner with $2500. Box
1243, Call office.
PARTNER in old-established commission busi-
ness: well paying to industrious party; $200
required. Call 79 Third st.
FOR sale^-A good-paying route on this paper.
For particula-vs call or address 213 Liberty st,
WAFFLE wagon; complete; 1 horse; everything
n°w; S3OO. 2106 Mason St., in rear. •
FRUIT store for sale cheap good chance.- 130
Eighth st^
FOR SALE— paying business: fitted out i
complete; only $60; chance you will never get |
again. 1325 Polk st. .
WANTED— Lean of $75; a piano as security,
where girl of 13 years can be boarded. Box j
3SO, Call office. - ■ ■_
GROCERY and bar; good stand; doing in all i
cash business: price $1000. Box 1201. Call.
SMALL barber thop for sale cheap. Key at ,
saloon, Howard and- Steuart sts |
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply 1737 I
Hyde st. I
RARE bargain; corner grocery; 4 living rooms; i
furnished; $600. 133% i Fair Oaks st., nr. 22d. j
RESTAURANT cheap; would sell furniture
and utensils; everything first class. Apply
('all offlqe. - . ■
SALOON: good paying; In business quarter- I
Apply book store. Clay. and Montgomery 3ts.
RESTAURANT for sale Cheap; near Union
Iron Works. 1245 Kentucky st.
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after S p. j
m . or at 630 Third et.
GRA.ND chance for man and wife; fine busl-
nec-s; tilQ; worth $2000; also great snap, deli-
cacy store: $250: worth JSOO; see party at resi-
dence, 133% Fair Oaks St.. nr. 23d; no triflers.
PARTY wanted to take interest In water I
power 100 horsepower current wheel; will be
operated 01 tidewater on Kentucky St., near
Army. A. KRUSE. 314 Fifth aye.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures. j
Box 446. Uklah; Cal. I
WELL stocked saloon; good location; cheap.
Apply this office.
CORNER grocery; rent $35; a bargain. Inquire
of E. H. GEORGE, 533 California
FOR Eaie on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or j
will exchange for real estat. acrosa the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st.
BAKERY In country town; good store trade; 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call of flee.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires i
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third at.
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO. !
W. CASWELL & CO.'.S. 415 Sacramento »t.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 18 paces, sent to any address in the :
United States or Canada one year for $1. i
postage paid.
LODGING lIOLSK- KOil SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
11- room house in Angels Camp at a bargain. ,
15-rooni house; central; $100 rash.. $ 303 ;
30 rooms: rent $S0; on Mission st 1300 i
M-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms on Sixth st 450 i
6-room flat; cheap rent 175
2S-room house; clears $150 650
24-room house; new furniture 1400
Jfi-room house; fine comer 1000
14-room house: new and good SCu
16-room; fine corner; must sell 900
11-room hnuse: clears 7 I > 6>>o
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1' 20 Market fit., ojuj. Sill. ;
18 ROOM house: worth $500; if taken to-day $360 !
will buy it. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture: $300 cash,
balance payments.. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A— KREDO & CO. 22vT GEARY
• MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
.100 rooms; clears $3^CO yearly; trial given. $4000
60 rooms; hotel: fine dining room 2500
£5 rooms; all new; best transient 1000
24 rooms; Geary st.. near plaza; a snap SOO
23 rooms; south of Market; clears $75... 600
12 rooms;-best en Post; great bargain.. 650
S rooms; elegant home; carpets new 600
C rooms; 3 rooms pay rent; new 150'
Cal! and see list. .KREDO.
A— slsoo; 40 ROOMS; best blork Mkt St.; offices ;
large transient. Kredo & Co.. 22 5 ,_ Geary st.
BAR" SAINS! BARGAINS !
_ — -AUCTION PRICES!
IS rooms; rooms all full; only $300
23 rooms; '... ■ location: cheap rent 500
13 rooms; clears $75 per month 850
31 rooms; three corners; give away SiO
WINSTON .& CO., 1026 Market St.
$160<i— nOOMING^HOU_E- north of Market St.
COWING & CO.. 935 Market St.
LODGING-HOUSE: bargain If sold this day.
COWING & CO., f'9s Market st.
LODGING house, bargain, to make immediate
tale. COWING A CO^. M»5 Market ft.
SO ROOiIB, central location; complete and in '
good order and on paying basis; $1000 cash
and $X.<."> in approved real estate or on time
C. D. DAVIS & CO., 646 Market st.
40- ROOM lodging-house; good location; owner
has run It for 10 years; compelled to sell ac-
count of other business; a bargain; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third st.
$175— LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms; well fur-
nished; full; bargain; bo _gents. 1055 Market.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; suitable for lodging house.
Inquire 1153 Howard st., near Eighth,
.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30, 1899.
PERSONALS.
.WANTED— To know ■'■■ whereabouts of PROF.
N. N. KIDDELL, formerly of Raymond, Neb.
Bos 1176, Call office.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet t'.vine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order, $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country-
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
SUITS to order on installments at .ash prices;
$1 a week X. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 5 I to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and, from the ferry.
AM no lawyer: but can materially assist you
fr^e of cost if you want divorce; strictly con-
• fidential. Box 1193. Call.
YOU can MAKE your hair grow by using Led-
erer's Quinonia. 35c bottle. Lederer's Foamo
Shampoo is Bo pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stockton.
THEATRICAL managers will find it to their
Interest to Invest in my wigs, closing out-
jCC'O at 2oc on the dollar; hairdresslng 25c.
G. LEDERER, J23 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at La—^ Mid Copyright
No. 4 Slitter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign.
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters. Harmonic Life In-
stitute, 70S Sutter St., near Taylor; consulta-
tion free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 112S Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, Me up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verlte Hair-
dressing Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.: $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles in delicate
health. MRS DR.FUNKE. 1416 Sth, Alamcda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
jection ;guarntd. Dr. Gordin.SUPine^abuKearny
DR F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market st., rooms 9 and 10.
EATHS. 12V.c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies: lady attendant*. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $3 60; bedim sets $S: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Jth
A— Ladies' or gent's clothlng.furniture. bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St.. 'removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or "cloth dresses made, $s up; dresses mad"
over: perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRP J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
St., near Polk: counsel. 50c; by letter, 50c:
meetings every night, 10c. .
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 606 McAllister st. ; come skeptics.
MRS. MEN.A FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight at.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frt.. 2 p. m.
Men 8; 23c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS B. P.AUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at .'■ O'Farreil.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st.,
bet. Powell and Mason. H?r success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
■ looking for important information, and every
reply is most gratifying; all are pleased. |
Without a question she tells each caller their j
name and for what they came. She gives j
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 9:30 p. m. .
MME. FORTER. wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies, TA;; gonts. $1; sit., $1 80. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards: ladles, 10c: gentle-
men. 25c: satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladies,
25c; gents. 50c. 1063 Mission st., near Seventh.
Miss A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by card?,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader anil palmist.
21 f Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and;
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the bfst medium and card
reader; 2ic up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
_ m AUGUST, 1130 Mission Ft.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. «^
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth gt.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- .
band's picture, 2^c: ladles. 014 O'Farreil st. ,
PALMISTRY.
MME. XEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 335.8 Twenty-first st., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
st. ; 15 years' experience; references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS* Dental Parlors, ,
Emma Spreckels bldg 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the moat
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or I
crowned, pure gold filling from $1: plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SOD Mar- j
ket Bt., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood I' !;-'.. you can i
have -your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 ip; plates, extractions. free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p" m. : Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
A FULL set of tee}.h. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
■work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. OEOROE W. LEEK, 20 O'FarreU Ft., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first j
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of j
teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fillings. Me; all work I
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental !
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
Dr7~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. a.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In 8 F.; painless extraction i
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. FIOc: silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, «■ ■;.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free. I
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 Post st.
.lERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing; j
individual instruction- new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by ' »ted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
{EVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L. I
Merkl, violin, mandolin, suitar. 100S Mission.
VYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, I
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and m ■.
VCCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis gyetem; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening-- SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
JNGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, raech. survey, «s»ay. archl. ; day & eve.;
cst. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 333 Market.
•RENCH, Spanish, ftc. Prof. De : ; pe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Pest /ablest profs.
JLOCUTION and French. $3 per mo.; i times
weekly. Mercantile Library, rooms. 4-5-6.
'HEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 15 pages,' pent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $.1 per year. .
• HOUSES TO LET.'
' AT 24 Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth —
Sunny 5-room house, renovated, $13; water
free; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23% Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SEVENTEENTH. 3431, Bear Valencia— H 7
rooms and bath; in first-class order: rent $20.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 2231, cor. Harrison, facing
Garfield square— 4 rooms; sunny house and
large yard; rent reduced to $12; water free.
2 SUNNY front rooms, water and closet; rent
$«. 252 Natoma st.. near Fourth.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en bouse, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st.; rent $6. ___^
$10 — COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; 1_ blocks from
Market st. IC2 Rose aye., bet. Gou_h and
Octavia sts.
$6 PER month, 5 rooms, with chicken houses
■ and Vi acre of ground. A. M. SPECK & CO.
JGSO WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 321
X ft.. Sunset District.
i bLATS TO LET.
ASH BURY, 105— Ffve large Bunny rooms and
bath; both nicely furnished; no children.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern
I sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FIFTEENTH, 1525, near Howard— Lower flat
of 4 rooms and bath; reasonable.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; gas and bath; fur-
nished. 1232 Vallejo st., near Hyde; rent $IS.
GUERRERO. 1151, corner 24th— 5 and 1 room,
tunny modern flats; stone basements, $15, $20.
HOUSES. ! FLATS.
1220 Lacuna. 12 r...535 3033 California, 6 r...520
707 Kill? 6 r 25 j 209 Webster, 6 r 23
2214 Geary 6 r U l«08 Turk, 6 r IS
6 Willow ay, 6 r. IS: 707 Stockton, 6 r 22
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HOWARD, 1722, near Thirteenth— Sunny, new,
4 rooms; bath; $15; very choice; laundry.
LOWER flat cheap; 3073 Twenty- fourth st.,
near Folsom; 4 rooms, bath; large yard.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
RINCON Hill — Americans owning house would
let (to parties without children) sunny corner
flat of ■' rooms and bath; bay windows; fine
view of city and bay; last party stayed 9
years. 351 First st. ; references.
SIXTH. 536 A —Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath, large
yard; rent reduced; $12.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath. 207 Stelner
st.. bet. Haight and Waller.
TWELFTH, 322— Lower flat of 3 rooms.
4 ROOMS, bath. $12 and $14: 5 largs rms., bath,
laundry, gardens, $22 50: 7-room house, bath,
laundry, gardens, 525. Dempster, 36 Glen Park
aye., off 12th at.; location should be' seen.
$23—2147 MARKET st., corner Guerrero; modern
sunny fiat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.
$17— FLAT, newly papered and painted; 6 rooms
and bath. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD st., near Castro; upper
funny 5 rooms; $15.
E97 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 room*;
r.7.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO, 429, rear, near 17th— 2 sunny h*pg.
rooms; large yard; stable if desired; cheap.
CHESTNUT. 293— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; marine view and sun; cheap; no
small children.
DOLORES, 352, near Sixteenth— 2 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; sunny; $5.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping; 3
rooms $12 and two 812: single, $5 up.
FOURTH. 497. near Bryant— Housekpg rooms;
front alcove, suitable for quiet family; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Sunny parlor floor, 1
complete for 2 or 4; gas range, bath, etc. ; $25.
HICKORY aye.. ISI, near Gough— large fur-
nished housekeeping roams. $12.
JULIAN aye., 192. corner 16th— neatly fur-
nished front rooms for housekpg, $10; one, $6.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $12.
HYDE, 609 Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing suites of 2 or 3 rooms; $9 to $16.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny front with small
room, neatly furnished, for light housekeep-
ing; $10^
LINDEN aye.. 255— 2 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; water; bath; rent $10.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet; Jl2.
MARKET. 1217 — 2 large sunny connecting
rooms; large closets; convenient; cheap.
MINNA. 454 — 2 clean, furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION, 1053—2 or 3 sunny rooms for light
housekeeping; American family; cheap rent.
MISSION, 1433B — sunny rooms to rent in part
or full; bath Included. |
NINTH. 2 — 2 sunny connecting rooms, $10;
bay-window suite, $12; stove, water, gas.
SEVENTH. .J7S — Cheerful rooms furnished for
housekeeping: sun" all day; large yard.
TENTH, 13(5—3 sunny furnished rooms; house-
keeping; lower floor; also single.
THIRTEENTH, 175— Large sunny furnished
housekeeping room, $•!.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front parlor
suite, '£ or 4 rooms: kitchen; gaa range.
ROO3IS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
.Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 60 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; night. _5c to 50c.
BRODERICK, 1311, bet. Geary and O'FarreU— 6
unfurnshd. rms.; large, sunny; yard; rent $16.
BURNETT, 1426 Market Cold No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 634. The La Mar— Newly furnished
tunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY. l-"A Pleasant sunny front rooms; also
single and housekeeping rooms; rent reasnbl.
EDDY, 614— Single sunny front room; ' gas,
bath, closets: private family; $S.
FELL, 25— 2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms; fur-
nished: running water; reasonable.
FOLSOM, "776 Vi— Large single room to let; $4;
all conveniences.
GEARY, 610— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; running water; $12.
GEARY, 736, near Leaven worth -1 double room,
.*•',; 1 single, $5: bath. ■
GEARY, 822— Sunny front suite; single rooms;
hot and cold water; folding bed.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate, running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and '
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 761 Mission— family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week".
MARKET, 1130, near Taylor— House changed
hands; nice front sunny rooms, suitable for
offices; other rooms; rent very reasonable.
MIXNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION*. 925H, near Fifth— Large double and
single sunny front rooms; also housekeeping.
MONTGOMERY. 137. and Bush. 305— Nicely
furnished rooms by the day. week or month.
6'FARRELL. — Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 902— Largo sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished; private.
OLIVE aye., 127—2 unfurnished roqms and 1
furnished.
OLIVE AYE., 110, off Polk, near O'Farrell—
Small furnished room with bath.
SEVENTH. 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28. Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 51, nr. Fourth— Two nice furnished,
eultable for one or two gentlemen.
SOUTH PARK. SO— Large room suitable 1 or 2
gentlemen in private famll_'; rent tow.
TURK, 303*4— Parlor floor; 3 unfurnished rooms,
$17; furnished >"' ! : bath.
rURK, 543 Nice clean and sunny room, bath",
$1 25 per week.
VAN NESS" avenue, 804— Newly furnished
front room, $10: also room off parlor.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN. 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb .trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
DR. C. C. <">nn:.i.i.. office and residence,
1C21',4 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th. I
':, HOARDING AXD ROOMS.
ELLIS. 607 — Newly furnished rooms with first-
class home cooking; with gas, bath and tel.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a' week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, $22— Front su-lte, suitable for doctor
or dentist; single rooms; board optional.
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny room; large
closet; grate; good home cooking; for 2; reas.
HYDE. 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board: families (solicited; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
O'FARRELL. S23— Large nicely furnished front
room with board; private; $45 for two.
POST, 509, near Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at ail hours.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front «ulto: bath: excellent board.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S, 16 Mason St.— French dinner. 50c;
lunch, 25c cr a la carte; prl. rms. for ladies.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 lie dishes, with
smaH coffee. 25c. 106-S O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c: 10 a. in. to !
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. OTarrell.
WEPTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and lc»
cream p<trtor. 1035 Market. ; popular nrlr*<i.
childue:. iioarded.
LADY alone would like 1 or 2 children to
board; good home; near sea. Address MRS.
PENI. West Berkeley P. O.
STORES TO LET.
LARGE Window and store to let. Apply. JAE-
GER & JACQUEMET, at Sutter st.
STORE and 2 living rooms; cellar. Apply 4174
Third st. ____^__»»__
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
NEGLECTED eyesight affects the brain, causes
serious bodily Ills. Mayer] ■ Periscopic Eye-
; glasses are superior to all others for reading,
working or distance; weak eyes; poor sight.
Mayerle's new and exclusive methods in fit-
ting glasses by mail free. WRITE TO-DAY.
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician
(German Optical Inst.). charter member Am-
erican Ass, of Opticians. ! ; Tl ' ■■ Market. S. F.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
J5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by-coa-
Eulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
' Hyde and Larkin; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
■ A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
i aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded
' "by MRS. DR. GWYER, 6* Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
j ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
I 60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
i anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
i avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
! though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc • babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
-1 lay self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
! dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st. ;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
I A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
i every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure: no medicines or Instruments
us%d: consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see ua.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 313 Kearny st.
j A— DR. G. W. ODONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully mere cases or irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
I cure: consult him first, save time and money,
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
••Relief for Ladles".; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
! ladies near or far nee DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure: cure In
i 24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
i home: best medical attendance; pills. $1: cure. ,
Jo. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
Ftantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gats
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
•erate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free; infant 3 adopted into good
home*; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 754-7G6 Clay st . San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured" exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 8000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.; $1 f>o. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
jruro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 111 Market St.— Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back: $5 up.
PRIVATE home in confinement: best refs.;
1540% Howard: Mrs. M. Wledemann. midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.treats all dis-
eases of the hu*man body. 115 Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and- some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
St.-" n way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
•■■ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from. $120
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, in fine order.
Estey. used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe, used seven
months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO, Chickering Agents,
16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER ft CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
. all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st .
MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano: little used;
sacrificed for cash. Room 12. Flood building.
fISO-rELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5
installments. 1115 Poet «*. \
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal card to COOKE, 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms, 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, Ws up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents J3- 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hanett ft Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the beat. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 308 Post Bt.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post st. . • .
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. , H.
mullf.R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law; Bth j
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates, mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases, wills, contracts, etc..
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton. ■
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister st., near Hibernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
• Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unJess successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
, SEWING MACH I TeS.
J2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sfxth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY 8200! ONLY ?C0O! INSTALLMENTS'. '
BEST AND CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
JS BOULEVARD AND BEACH!
NEW BLOCKS, FINE CLIMATE, SUPERB
VIEW.
$300 to $800— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
beet home sites in the city; only $25 down, $3
monthly. ~ ..» r> : :.
Special barzains in. Richmond lots— sloo to
$SCW; ready to build on.
$100 to $300— Lots near Misslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
Branch office on Ninth aye., near H st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Fine St., oppo-
site th ■ Nevada Bank.
$25,000— Rent SIS 6; fine business proposition
on Larkln St.; a real snap: best portion of it;
large lot, 2 stores and 8 fiats of 6 and 4 rooms
each. .
$10,000— excellent investment: 3 fine 2-
Etory bay-window houses on Haight St.. near
Market; lot 55x137:6; rent $75:. brick founda-
. tion: garden walks bituminized.
$25.000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest
corner. 65x100 feet: improvements 3 stores and
3 fiats above and 2 cottages, all rented; $88,-
-000 was offered for it and refused 4 years ago;
there Is a fortune in this property.
$80,000— St.. near Sixth: lot 45x80
feet, with two Id-room houses, which should
be raised and stores put under to make it one
of the best-paying properties.
MISSION COTTAGES — — —
Four. 5, 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth, st., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
WANTED at once— lncome property: must be
cheap. Call A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
WAY below cost: fine store and elegant flat.
6 rooms and bath: always rented. J6O; lot
27:6x132:6. Premises, 3027 Sacramento st,
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$3 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwcod, Shasta County. Cal.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— slo to $S0 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms: rail
ar.d water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FAKM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. 9. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large j
' tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-38 address THE
COTATT CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
SALE or rent — Chicken ranch; suburban home;
cheap. T. ABRAMS. box 174, Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address in the
T.'nlted States, postpaid, for 81 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other go»d security: payablo
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
eire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without ,
removal; no commission; no delays. J. i
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission Bt.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. j
ANY amount at 6". per cent on real estate. Sd j
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- |
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew- i
• elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.: telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market »t.
$50 TO $"0,000: lowest rates: Ist. and id mortg.:
any nrrnosttlon. Pn'rten. 413 Montgomery st.
yiNANCI^L.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. Id mortg.. chat-
tels', etc. Harner & Kreiger. 313 Kmamlner bl«r.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL SSTA.'B.
WRITE TO
E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland,
If you want a farm or home in a beautiful
land.
Fruit, dairy, agriculture or stock farm, large j
or small; perfect titles; specialties of large
tracts for colonies, lumbermen or cattle |
ranch in California and Mexico. For* sale or
exchange, 1000 ranches, city residence and busi-
ness property, business chances, orange groves,
vineyards; houses rented; taxes paid; corre-
spondence solicited.
E. E. BUNCE. JOS Broadway, Oakland.
SO ACRES at Fruitvale: $200 per acre: reduced
from $1000. Apply quickly. ALDEN CO.,
902 Broadway.
A— s6 MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch; 4 large chicken houses, fine brooders,
4 nests, 12 compartments: 6-foot high wire
fencing: very complete for immediate busi- |
ness; will sell, If desired, at a bargain: a ,
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5 j
monthly; will make special terms It desired; ;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 53 fam- j
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes: streets all graded, some are
macadamized: near a fine 3-story schoolhouse
and 3 electric car lines and also a 90-foot j
wide boulevard; site., climate and soil the
very best ; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
cr send for circular. 455 Seventh St., near
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
$15.000— BUSINESS property; 524 feet: fronting
on 3 streets; 2 electric car lines; 5 buildings;
an assured income and a "bonanza" in the I
hands of the right party: owner sick; make
offer; good times are coming; do not wait;
property will increase and your profits will be i
less. Address R. J. MONTGOMERY, 470
Thirteenth st.. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and^cheap! H. SCHKLI^
HAAS* old *tore. 408 Eleventh it. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— Lot 50x125; house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200—75x150; cottage. 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house. S rooms; large lot;
Grand St.. near San Antonio aye.
$3500—50x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut St.. near San Jose
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are in best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit: convenient to • trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 30 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath: lot 33:4x150; '
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.; easy terms. ]
$3100— Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 42x135; <
Santa Clara nve.: terms $400 cash. $25 per mo. I
$2800— Nrw Colonial cottage, 6 rooms: lot 42x
207: half block from station and high school:
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500 — New house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150; fine
location; San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash, $23 per month.
A fine business corner, 25x82:6: store and flat '
above; new and medern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L Be CO.. 1432 Park st.
$6000— HANDSOME house and lot. 57x140: 9
rooms. NE. corner Santa Clara and Tar
LOST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
• and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
nam« of LORENS MELCHIOR, No. 199-191;
the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A black pocketbook containing money
and private papers in the name of R. Kirman.
Finder may keep money and receive addi-
tional reward by returning the papers and ;
book to J. B. O/B».IEN. Call office. \
FOUND.
FOUND— In the Tivoli Opera-house, several
diamond rinn tied in a silk handkerchief. !
Apply at "box office.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH. prop
722 Mission;, goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co
Office. 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713. ;
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311. ,
" CAiiPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 3"3-3:.7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler st.;
trr. Main 334. GEO. WAI/COM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4i3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.-; leaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. ':■:■■ ■ '.-• "
TO LE.i«E.
TO lease— For wholesale and retail wine and
liquor business, stove with large light base-
ment on very prominent downtown corner.
Apply to WILLIAJI HENDRICKSON & CO.,
614 Call building.
FOR Rent— Park House and cottages for rent or
lease. For particulars address J. T. ADAMS,
Ben Lomond Santa Cruz County. Cal. '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
W. Eggertins and Mary A. Inerney 27-20
John E. Hill and Margaret C. Rankln 35-32
Thomas J. Burnett and Elizabeth Martin.. 3l-22
Charles Anderson and Nellie Haakell 35-25
Luther H. Phillips and Nettle Falck 62-30
William P. Cowden and Laura A. Barnes. 32-25
Henry C. Friday and Lizzie Hauser 32-22
Burt C. Teomans and Julia Alfter« 25-1?
Orlando F. Fuller and Anna Yates ... 63-45
BiraS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication office! and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COSTELLO— In this city, March 26. 1599, to the
wife of J. M. Castello, a daughter.
FOUNTAIN— In this city, March 5, 1899, to the
wife of J. W. Fountain, a son.
McPHERSON— In this city, March 2«. 1*99. to
the wife of Colonel A. W. McPherson. a son.
RENNER— In this city, March 29, 18», to the
wife of Louis Renner, a daughter
""married.
FRIDAY— HAUSER— this city, March 29.
1599, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Henry Fri-
day and Lizzie Hauser.
PHILLIPS— FALCK— this city. March 29,
IS:9. by John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Luther H.
Phillips and Mrs. Nettie Falck, both of Hon-
cut, Butte County, Cal.
BURNETT— MARTIN— In this city. March 23,
1899, by the Rev. .J. Fuendeling Thomas J.
Burnett of San Francisco and Elizabeth
Martin of San Luis Obisno, Cal.
WATERMAN— DRUSE DOM — In this city,
March 28, 18S9, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Cornelius Waterman and Anna Drusedom.
DIED.
Adams. Samuel W. Helm. Antone
Best. Genevieve M. Luhrs. Frederick
Bose. John Mollison. Irene
Belllna Annie Mentz. John H.
Cole. Thomas Madden, Thomas
Delany, Thomas Nickel. Jacob
Pa Silveira. Joso V. Oels, Ernst
Edwarda. James Ryan, Hannah
Frommholz, Lowin Smith, Arthur C.
Gould. Juanita Smith. William Mf.
Gross, Caroline Wheeler. Catherine
Gilchrist. Mary McG. Winegar, Ashbel B.
ADAMS— this city, March 28. 1599. Samuel
W.. beloved husband of Mary Adams, and
father of A. F. Adams, a native of Maine,
aged 75 years and 9 months.
lC?"Funeral this day (Thursday). Funeral
private. Kindly omit flowers. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
BEST— In Los Angeles. March 27, 1599, Gene-
vteve May. only and beloved daughter of
William and Maria R. Best, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. M. A. Ames, a native of
San Diego, aged 5 years 1 month and 9 days.
. (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday"), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. M. A. Ames, 2601 Fulton street,
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
BOSE— In this city. March 28. 1539, John, be-
loved husband of Sophia Bose, and father of
Martin H. and Herman Bose and Mrs. H.
Stohlman, a native of Germany, aged 84 years
4 months and 26 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1133 Folsom street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BELLINA— In this city, March 28, 1599. Annie
Bellina, a native of California, aged 21 years.
COLE— In the City and County Hospital,
March 23. 1839, Thomas Cole, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 60 years.
DELANY— this city, March 23, 1899, Thomas,
beloved husband x>f the late. Sarah Delany,
a native of County Wicklow, Ireland, aged
70 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ' 157 Octavia street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets,
where services will Ke held, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
D SILVEIRA— In the City and County Hos-
pital. March 29, 1899, Joso Veterina da Sil-
veira, a native of Azores Islands.
EDWARDS— In this city, March 23. 1898, James,
beloved son of Thomas F. and the late Mary
Edwards, and brother of Mary Ann and
Frank Edwards, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years and 2 months.
FROMMHOLZ— In Berlin. March 4. 1599.
Lewin Frommholz, dearly beloved father of
Mrs. Ferdinand Bachstein. Mrs. S. Ulrich
and Paula. Simon, Moritz. Samuel and Isidor
Frommholz. a native of Loebau, West Prus-
sia, aged 72 years.
GOULD— In this city, March 29, 1289. Juanita.
beloved daughter of B. F. and Mary Gould,
a native of Lake County. Cal.. aged 10 years ,
10 months and 15 days.
GROSS— In this city. March 23, ISPS, Caroline,
beloved wife of Louis Gross, a native of Ger-
many, aged 31 years.
GILCHRIST— In this city, March 29, ISS9, Mary
McGregor Gilchrist. aged 20 years.
HELIN— In this city, March 29. 1899, Antone.
beloved husband of Sarah E. Helm. father of
Maud and Daniel Helm, and stepfather of
Mrs. Sophie Buckley, a native of Finland.
LUHRS— In this city, March 29. 1899. Freder-
ick, beloved husband of Sophie Luhrs, and
father of Henry, Elsie, Hilda and Gertrude
Luhrs, a native of Germany, aged 52 year*
and 8 months.
MOLLISON— In this city, March 29, 1599, Irene,
beloved and only daughter of J. C. and Mary
Molllson. a native of San Francisco, aged • 1 •
day.
MENTZ— this city, March 29, 1599, John
Henry beloved father of Ida and Harry
Mentz, a native of Russia, aged 77 years 10
months and 15 days.
MADDEN— In this city. March 23. 1899, Thomas
Madden, a native of County Roscommon. Ire-
land, aged 18 years.
NICKEL— Irt Napa, Cal., March 28. 1839. Jacob,
beloved husband of Catharina Nickel, and
father of August and Edward Nickel, a na-
tive of Saxony, aged 54 years 5 months and
12 days. A member of Valley Lodge No. SO,
A O. U. W.. and San Francisco Turn Vereln.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall. 323 Turk street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery- Remains at the par-
lors of Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission street.
OELS— In this city. March 28. 1839. Ernst,
dearly beloved husband of Sophie Oels. and
father of Minna Oels, a native of Bremer-
voerde, Germany, aged 47 years 10 months
and 4 days. -
Friends and acquaintances are respect^
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 263 Stevenson street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
nil: members of the Bremervoerde Vereln are
resoectfully requested to attend the funeral
of "their deceased brother, Ernst Oels.
RYAN— In this city, March 23, 1899, Hannah,
beloved wife of Timothy Ryan, daughter of
John and the late Bridget Galvin. and sister
of Jeremiah, John, Etta and Helena Galvin.
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aeed 2t
years.-
SMITH— In this city, March 28, 1899, Arthur C.
son of Clara J. and the late Joseph Smith, a .
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 7 '
months and 12 days.
C?* Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the ' Church of the Advent,
Eleventh street. Interment private.
SMlTH— Entered into rest in this city. March
28, 1533. William M. Smith, a native of New-
burn, N. C, aged 76 years 11 months and 24
■ days. {Washington, D. C, papers please
copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at his
.late residence, 100S Leavenworth street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
.V HEELER— the City and County Hospital,
March 29, 1599. Catherine Wheeler, a native
of Ireland, aged 52 years.
.VINEGAR— In this city. March 29. 1899. Ash-
bel 8., beloved husband of Jane H. Winegar,
and father of Charles F... Harry P.. George
H. and Edward M. Winegar, a native of
Sprlngport, •N. V., aged 78 years 3 months
•and 15 days. 1 •
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2668 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonic Temale. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
•-UNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
M Fifth Bt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
1112
GAGE WILL NOT CALL
AN EXTRA SESSION FOR
ANY PURPOSE WHATEVER
Governor Thinks the Legislature
Should Have Elected a Senator
at the Regular Time.
HE WILL SIGN NO MORE BILLS
Does Not Believe in the Australian Ballot,
and Signed the Rickard Bill to Improve
the Present System.
THERE will be no extra session of the Legislature to elect a United
States Senator, nor for any other purpose. On this point Governor
Gage is firm and positive. Speaking on this topic yesterday at the
Palace Hotel he said:
# "You can say that all the talk about an extra session of the Leg- 4
± islature is ridiculous and utterly absurd. Ido not mean to say that
there are no conceivable conditions under which an extra session
T might not be justified, but I cannot imagine any possible reasons '
£ for calling' the legislators together for the purpose of electing a (
Senator. When it is considered that the Legislature was in session
for nearly three months and failed to make a choice, even after I '
a urged in a message the great necessity for agreement on the Sena-
torship. what sense would there be in calling the members to
♦ gether again P An extra session is not to be thought of, and all the
f talk about the calling of one is ridiculous." (
So far as the signing of bills is con
cerned the Governor finished his work
at Sacramento night before last. No
more bills will be signed. Appropria
tions amounting in the aggregate to
t-, 500,000 were involved in the unsigned
or pocketed billi.
Governor Gage was asked if he in
tended to sign bills other than those
approved up to the time that he left
Sacramento for this city and replied
that his work on bills was completed
and that no more would be signed.
"I feel now," continued the Governor,
"that I am entitled to a season of rest.
I am going south and will not receive
letters, telegrams or applications per
taining to official business until 1 re
turn to Sacramento."
Governor Gage spoke his sentiments
freely on subjects connected with the
Stratton primary law, the Rickard bill
and the Australian ballot. He re
marked: "It may be observed that I
signed all the bills relating to elections
that the Legislature passed. I am not
myself an advocate of the Australian
ballot system, and I cannot say that I
am favorably impressed with the Strat
ton primary law. According to my way
of thinking the best primary is the old
fashioned town meeting, where every
voter interested in nominating candi
dates can get up and speak his senti
ments. The Rickard bill was among
EXECUTED BY
ORDER OF COURT
Fate of a Dog Tfyat Bit the
Leg of cl. T. Carbeiry,
a Carpenter.
IT Is necessary for the protection of
citizens," said Judge Mogan yester
day, "that all vicious dogs should
be killed, and now I order that the
Jog in question be executed at the
jublic pound according to law."
The dog was said to belong to Mrs.
R. Block, who lives on Van Ness ave
nue, near Fulton street, and was a
favorite with the children in that lo
cality. Last Friday night J. T. Car
berry, a carpenter, living at 311 Oak
Btreet," was walking along Van Ness
"avenue, and while passing the dog it
seized hold of the calf of his left leg.
He ascertained who the reputed own
er of the dog was and called at Mrs.
Block's house. He notified Mrs.
Block's daughter that If the dog had
left any mark upon his leg he would
Insist on its being killed. When he
reached home he had ample evidence
of the fact that he had been bitten,
and next day went to get the dog so
that he could have it killed. He was
told that a lady across the street had
got the dog and she would not con
sent to its life being sacrificed. Car
berry notified the Poundman and the
dog was captured and taken to the
pound, but the officials declined to kill
It without an order of the court.
Carberry accordingly swore out a
warrant for Mrs. Block's arrest.
the election measures recommended for
perfecting the election system and I
approved, it."
The fact that the Governor had ar
rived from Sacramento and was at the
Palace <|Hotel was communicated early
yesterday morning to a large throng
of politi< lans and at once there was
eager Inquiry as to whether the chief
executive intended to sign measures
other than those reported in The Call
yesterday morning. Many persons in
terested in applications for official fa
vor sought for personal interviews with
the Governor, but he declined to re
ceive cards or callers on patronage
business.
It is understood that he will take a
good rest in the south and when he
feels refreshed will proceed again to
Sacramento and take up the subject of
patronage distribution. Many Repub
lica»s are kickinsr because Democrats
continue to hold desirable places under
a Republican administration, but the
dispenser of the spoils is not inclined to
make . special haste to gratify the
clamorous.
Governor Gage, accompanied by his
wife and daughter, left the city last
evening on the "owl" train for Los An
geles. During the afternoon he met
many of the politicians and office-seek
ers in the court of the Palace, but the
meetings were open and informal.
That was the story told by Carber
ry in Judge Mogari'^ court yesterday.
Mrs. Block, who was defended by At
torney Brandon, denied that she was
the owner of the dog and said it be
longed to her daughter, Ethel. She
had never known the dog to bite any
one and it was a favorite with chil
dren.
Secretary Holbrcok of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals then took a hand In the pro
ceedings. "1 appear for the dog," he
paid, "and I want it to get a fair and
square trial. Of course, if the court
orders the dog to be killed I shall do
bo on receiving the usual request from
the Chief of Police; but it should not
be condemned to death till its guilt
Is thoroughly established."
In answer to the Judge both Mrs.
Block and her attorney said they had
no objection to the dog being killed,
but the difficulty arose as to whether
the real owner would have any objec
tion. The Judge said he would have
to .dismiss the case against Mra.
Block and Carberry could decide as
to whether he would have Miss Block
arrested. Meantime he made the or
der that the dog be executed. Car
berry said he was satisfied and would
not proceed against Miss Block. The
dop was a victim to Illuminating gas
at the pound.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 30. 1899.
AMPLE LIGHT
AT LOW- BATES
IS ASSURED
Householders Rejoice
at the Prospect
RAPID WORK PROMISED
CLAUS SPBECKELS IS DIRECTING
THE AFFAIRS.
He Is Convinced That the New Plant,
While Affording Relief to the
People, Will Prove a Fine
Business Investment.
The incorporation of the Independent
Electric Light and Power Company
was the talk of the town yesterday
and special gratification was evinced
by householders who have been paying
excessive rates for very little light. The
idea that Claus Spreckels had decided
to establish a new and ample plant for
the generation of light and power in
order to even up on some corporations
Is altogether erroneous. The plain fact
is that he is a man of affairs, whose
capital is ample and whose business af
fairs are in such excellent shape that
he can give much of his personal at
tention to the building up of a new en- j
terprise. His experience in conducting
a small plant and his knowledge de
rived therefrom of the cost of produc
ing electricity convince him that light
and power can be profitably afforded to
the people of San Francisco for a very
much lower figure than is now charged
for these commodities.
The truth is that San Francisco for
many years has been paying two prices
for an indifferent service in the man
ner of lighting the streets and dwellings
of the city. It did not escape the keen
observation of a capable business man
like Claus Spreckels that new inven
tions and tested methods for the gen
eration of light and power had mate
rially reduced the cost of producing
these necessities of modern life, and
having money for investment arid de
siring to invest his money in home en
terprises, he embarked in this project
to establish in San Francisco an exten
sive plant for the production of electric
light. Xo doubt the investment will
prove highly remunerative to Mr.
Spreckels and his associates and at the
same time afford a vast measure of re
lief to the people of this city.
The promoters of the new enterprise
were busy yesterday with experts and
engineers and will be engaged for sev
eral days in the -work of inspecting and
discussing plans. The more the sub
ject is investigated the clearer becomes
the conviction that the field of invest
ment is one of the best.
Mr. Spreckels Is quite enthusiastic
and active in the new enterprise and
will BUrely display his customary ener
gy and decision in pressing forward the
work of constructing the great plant.
As the money required is ready to sec
ond his personal energy the people of
the city can be assured that the day of
high prices and indifferent light service
is vanishing.
WE MUST BE BORN
AGAiN, SAYS MOODY
THOUSANDS LISTEN TO AN IN
SPIKING ADDRESS.
Arrangements Made for a Union Bi
ble Class to Meet Every Tuesday
Evening in Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium.
"The New Birth" was th« subject of
Mr. Moody's stirring address, which was
closely followed by the Immense audi
ence that filled every seat and occupied
every inch of standing room in the audi
torium of the Y. M. C. A. yesterday
afternoon. Laughter and tears were very
near to the surface, and assembly and
preacher smiled as they wiped away
tears that came at the command of the
Inspired speaker.
Mr. Moody chose as his theme the third
verse of the third chapter of John, "Ex
cept a m;tn be born again, he cannot' see
the klne-dom of God." The speaker said
in part: "Are we born of the Spirit,
are we born from above, are we
born again? Let no man tell me
he is so naturally good that he
need not be born again. Corruption
runs In the blood. Grace does not. Be
cause a man comes from a godly family,
that is no sign he is godly. We are
naturally bad. Man has a falling nature.
What we want is man rejuvenated. All
our trouble comes from the heart. May
God give us a revelation of ourselves so
we may look into our own hearts. Let
the heart be right and the whole life will
be right.
"No man can serve God in the flesh
unless he is born of the Spirit. The new
birth is- not making new resolutions or
turning over a new leaf. To be a new
birth it must be from God. Get 'the In
corruptible seed which is the work of
God' into your life and that is the new
life."
Previous to his address Mr. Moody
spoke of the immense good that might
be accomplished by the establishmbent of
a union Bible class in this city — a sug
gestion that was immediately acted upon
by the vast assemblage. It was arranged
that the newly organized class meet
every Tuesday evening in the Y. M. C. A.
hall.
Printing, engraving, stamping, visiting
cards and wedding invitations at Sanborn
& Vails. •
Dan Sullivan Injured.
Dan Sullivan, a solicitor for the Ameri
can Insurance Company, residing at 1614
Alabama street, met with a severe acci
dent last Tuesday. While riding in his
buggy at the Potrero his horse shied at
some imaginary danger and upset the ve
hicle, throwing Sullivan out. When picked
up it was discovered that he had been
severely injured. He was conveyed to
his home and medical assistance called in
to administer to his wants. An exami
nation showed that two of his ribs had
b<;en broken and he received other in
ternal injuries of a serious nature. The
buggy was smashed into kindling wood
and the horse injured.
Nettie Harris Died.
Nettie Harris, the young woman who
shot herself in the breast at 10 Mason
street last Saturday, died yesterday in
St. Mary's Hospital from the effects of
tht- wound. Coroner Hill allowed the body
to remain in the hospital.
A Revelation
It will be to you when you smoke a Flor
de Heyneman cigar as compared with
what you have been smoking, and you
will thank us for having called your at
tention to this fine clear Havana cigar.
Try one. All first!-class stores have Flor
de Heyneman cigars in W&c and 25c sizes.
If your dealer does not carry them send
us $3 for. a box of 25 Flor de Heyneman
Delic.iosas, express prepaid, and if you do
not like them we will refund your money,
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. •
A JOKE THAT ENDS
BADLY FOR A BOY
C. Jackson Stole a Pig in Butel?
ertown and Was Caught
Wtyle Returning It.
r> HARLES JACKSON, Robert
Hansen and John Limartini, boys
I, about 15 years of ago living in
the neighborhood of Stockton
and Chestnut streets, went out to
Butcherto-wn Tuesday afternoon with
no definite purpose hi view. Hansen
was the moneyed one of the trio and
defrayed the carfares for himself and
two companions. They wander<> i
around till the shades of night began
to fall, and as they passed the ranch
of John de Sant,i, Eighteenth avenue
and Eighth street, and saw several
pigs in the barnyard, it occurred to
them that it would be a good joke to
Bteal one of the pigs. While Hansen
and Limartini kept watch Jackson
climbed over the fence and took pos
session of one of the pigs.
What to do with it was the next
problem that confronted the boys.
They got on a car, and on the way
home it was unanimously agreed that
Jackson was entitled to the pig. He
took it to his aunt and made her a
present of it. When she learned that
it had been stolen she was indignant
and insisted upon the boy taking it
back to where he had stolen it. He
did not like the job, but when his
aunt threatened to notify the police
he gave in, and putting the pig in
a sack started on his journey to the
ranch. He had no money to pay
PESTHOUSE IS
TO BE REBUILT
IMMEDIATELY
Preparing to Relieve
the Inmates.
SUPERVISORS WILL ACT
PRESENT BUILDINGS MAY BE
REPLACED ENTIRELY.
A Plan to Destroy Them and Raise
in Their Stead a Plain, Com
fortable Struc
ture.
Supervisor Holland, chairman of the
Building Committee, and Supervisor Att
ridge of the Hospital Committee held a
conference yesterday regarding the Pest
house. They determined after discussing
the matter in its various phases to visit
the institution Saturday. At that time
they will determine what the require
ments of the place are, which findings
they will report to the board on the fol
lowing Monday.
Superintendent Thompson, who has had
charge of the construction of the Hall of
Justice, has been in consultation with the
committee having the matter in charge.
He has advised that all the. buildings now
In use be destroyed by tire and a smaller
structure erected. The present ramshac
kle affair is larger than need be for the
unfortunates quartered there and serves
only as ' the abiding place of disease
germs.
Mr. Thompson believes a substantial
building, suitable for the needs of the af
flicted lepers, can be built at a cost not
to exceed $1000. This would give. shelter
from the elements which the buildings
now in use do not pretend to do. The
Supervisors have aM entered heartily into
the humanitarian plan of relieving the
great distress of these wards of the mu
nicipality and any measure proposed by
the gentlemen having the matter in
charge will be passed upon favorably and
without delay.
The publication of the facts as to con
ditions as they exist out there on the
edge of the South San Francisco marsh
has caused much comment and the evi
dent desire at the present time is to cor
rect the lapses of former administrations
with as little delay as possible, to the
end that the inmates be subjected to no
more suffering than is necessary.
Sarsfleld Rheumatic Remedy is an
absolute cure for Inflammatory Rheu
matism. No remedy on the market has
been so uniformly successful. For sale
by all drupgists. •
Estates of the Dead.
The will of Edward A. Connolly, who
died on the sth inst., was filed for pro
bate yesterday. The deceased makes the
following: bequests: To his daughter,
Kate Connolly, now in a convent and
known as Sister Mary Agnes, $50 a year;
to Agnes J. and Emerita A. Connolly,
daughters, $5000 each. The residue is di
vided equally among Mrs. Marie V. Gil
lette. Mrs. Margaret Hughes, Agnes J.
and Emerita A. Connolly, all daughters
of the testator. The will of Mrs. Estaile
Alanhelm, who died March 12, was also
filed. The estate of the testatrix, which
is valued at about $10,000, is divided equal
ly among six children.
• Holy Week at St. Dominic's.
At St. Dominic's Church ;the solemn of
fice of Tenebrae will be chanted to
day at 7:30 p. m., and on Friday
at 4 p. m., by the Dominican Fath-
carfare and had to walk all the way.
He reached the ranch about 4 o'clock
yesterday morning without any thrill
ing experience, but there his troubles
began.
As he dumped the pig in the yard It
sot up a squeal and the other pigs
joined in the chorus. De Santi jumped
out of boil, and rushing out saw the
boy running away, lte chased and
6oon overtook him, and, after taking
him back to the house, dressed him
self and went with him to the police
station, where he was turned over to
Policeman Hanley and charged with
burglary.
Jackson appeared" before Judge Gra
ham yesterday morning, and when
questioned by the Judge he began to
cry and call for his mother. The case
was continued so that the boy's
parents can be notified, and the Judge
will then see what disposition to
make ctf it. The pig: was taken to
the City Prison to be kept as evi
dence against Jackson and is as tame
as a dog.
Yesterday afternoon Hansen and
Limartini were arrested by Police
men Hennessey and Hutchins and
were also booked on the charge of
burglary.
ers, assisted by Fhe theological stu
dents from Benicia, who are well trained
in chant and the liturgy of the church.
The most striking and effective features
of the Tenebrae office will be tin- singing
of the "Lamentations of Jeremiah" in
harmony by a *;rand quartet of the best
voices among the students. Good Friday,
a;- through the rest of the week, services
will commence at 8 a. m. In the evening
stations of the cross will begin at 7:30,
after which' a sermon on "The Passion"
will be preached by Very Rev. J. B.
O'Connor, prior of Dominican Monastery,
Benicia. Special music by full choir, un
der direction of Rhys Thomas.
"BATTLE OF MANILA BAY."
A Magnificent Panoramic View of
Great Fight Now in Course of
Construction.
Within the next two weeks residents of
this city and vicinity will be given an op
portunity of attending one of the grandest
| panoramas ever exhibited in this country.
j "The Battle of Manila Bay" is the sub
| ject of the stupendous venture which Is
I now in the last stages of construction in
: a large octagon building on Market street,
near Eighth. Aside from its artistic value
it will show those who visit the exhibi
tion under what conditions Admiral
Dewey won his splendid victory.
Standing on the circular platform in the
center of the interior the visitor tsmomen
tarily startled at what confronts him. It
is like being on the bridge of a ship and
gazing far out into the sea. Water sur
rounds you on every side, and when you
recover from your surprise your eyes
take in the beautiful scene. The forts of
Manila, Cayite and surrounding points are
seen tiring on Demy's 'fleet, which is in
the foreground. Immediately before Ca
vite can be seen the Spanish war vessels
responding to the heavy Hru being poured
into them by the American ships. Hut it
in only through an opera glass that the
liner points of the magnificent canvas can
be appreciated.
Armed with a glass the spectator can
see the green shores of Cavlte, the effect
of the American shot on the Spanish fleet,
the admiral leaving the destroyed Reina
Christina, and hundreds of other interest-
Ing incidents of the big light.
In the foreground is the Olympiu and
Admiral Dewey and his gallant officers
are easily distinguished on the bridge.
The painting of each figure is lifelike and
can be at once recognized. Each object
In the vast stretch of canvas is interest
ing and demands a close study. On the
Raleigh the sailors can be seen cheering
the effects of a good shot and also a
smashed boat and a sailor climbing aloft
for the purpose of securing the halyards
of the flag which have been shot away by
flying missiles. The Baltimore. Boston,
Concord and Petrel each have .interesting
features and a skilled lecturer will point
them out when the panorama is formally
opened.
.The painting is a faithful reproduction
of the most interesting stage of the bat
tle. When completed It will cost in the
neighborhodd of $100,000. It is being con
structed under the direct supervision of
William Wehner.
The following Kuropean artists are en
gaged in painting the splendid produc
tion: A. Lohr, F. W. Heine, F. France
Biberstein and George Peters. W. A.
Coulter, the w-ell-known marine artist
has lent his advice, as has also Sol N.
Sheridan, Pierre N. Boerlnger, Douglas
White and others.
There is no doubt that when completed
the panorama will be one of the best at
tractions in the city. From a historical
point it is technically correct, as officers
who were engaged In or witnessed the
fight have attested to that fact. From an
artistic point of view it is magnificent
The famous old JESSE MOORR WHISKY !■
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
■ ♦ ■
A Window-Cleaner's Fall.
John Deninger was cleaning a window
on the first story of the Saratoga House,
118 Sixth street, yesterday afternoon
when he fell to the sidewalk. He was
picked up in an unconscious condition and
taken to the Receiving Hospital In the
ambulance. It was found that he had sus
tained a compound fracture of the lefl
arm and a dislocation of the right wrist
besides possible internal injuries. He lives
at 1120 Howard street.
LadlPß' tailor-mnde suits, rur capes, cloak*.
Credit. M. BoUtaChfld, L'll Sutter. rooms 6-7.
W. Ford Thomas Convalescing.
W. Ford Thomas, the well-known cus
toms broker, is convalescing from his re
cent severo attack of sickness, and his
friends expect to see him about in a week
or two.
"99 Cleveland Cycles sell for $40 and |50. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
■*-O-»-O-*-O-#- O-*-O-*-O -♦- O-fO-f.t-O-fOVO-*- ♦©-••0 -*•©-♦• ©-♦■©■♦■©■♦-©-♦■©■♦■o ♦©♦ ©♦o-*' ■
I . , *o >
lAt Bale's. ° J[ °AtHale's. |
I New New ' ■ I
♦ catalog • /^^^^^^sri arrivals ♦
t ready. r^: m S£ss@*\' : yesterday. ♦
0 Free to out-of-town (•• "^SowSkv/^^)//''-"''/ Silk stripe gingham, q
♦ folks. /^ jso§°£'_f'--^-S' Jf - Novelty dimities. +
% 120 pages. fS^^^^ o^?llJ L New stripe ribbons. O ,
1 1375 illustrations. Novelty d,mit,es. ?
o A beaut.ful fash.on TSfS^ . Silk waists. ■. .O
o bo k and bu y in 2 a <^ Easter handkerchiefs "< ♦
♦ gulde ' V-V- Black Crepons. . . %
♦ Send, us the ad- V^<^l Millinery flowers. ♦
dresses of country Vlf^fv New percales. " '9
O friends. '^llllllv^NL 50 cases in all.) '• • °
O ° i : L^_ ° ♦
o
♦ IVTilllYl omr There's a "something" about our millinery that print- O
o l'llllllltJl V ers> ink can't describe; a "something" that has made the +
a «/ department - a success— made it popular. There seems to o
o «-.„-!„ be a daintiness, a brightness, an -out-of-the-usual style, +
V y UDbiU. ' that has put individual character into every hat, a stylo o
♦ O * that no pen picture can describe. .. .
? We attribute the unusual success of this department to o
♦ the fascination of the individual hats; and they're here ♦
V • for you to enjoy, freely, welcomely. ,.; O'
0 T\Allnn • II took us years to discover a reliable dollar glove (enough :
♦ 1/OllclP were refused to fill a dozen stores). We didn't decide hurried- ■▼ .
O ly. Each glove presented was carefully tested (examined by ©■
♦ —!-„-_ • experts). Its make-up, style, lit and material run the gaunt- ♦
0 cIIO VGS let of expert scrutiny. We wanted a dollar glove to build, a 9
.♦ O glove demand. We wanted it for each of our stores. ♦
2 And now we have them here. Ready to-day. To sing their ?
1 praises would be idle talk We've confidence in them. But it
▼ isn't what we say. Their worth can only beproven by your ~
O . satisfaction. All sizes. Two-clasp. Aisle one. ▼
♦ Tans Reds Navy Purple °
O Greens Brown Mode Black. ♦
0 \AT U ♦ rtwA She was trading in the bazaar. A "soap sale" at- ♦
♦ YY Hal 0116 tracted her. Picking up a cake of soap, she said to our O
o »* »vtv w**.w assistant: "Is this soap good?'" The answer came: "Not ♦
♦ I _ J_ w ««.; J the very best, lady, but of fair quality." The buyer re- O
0 IRQ V S3.IU ! Plied: "Well, I never found anything that Hales adver- ♦
4 iv*»j WUAVI • tised that wasn't good. I'll take some." . O
O There's a moral ■to that. Her confidence in Hales ♦
♦ had been gained through experience. The assistant, O
O ♦rained to tell truthfully the quality, could not give that ♦
♦ . soap the recommendation ; expected. We do sell good o
0 goods, but when they're only fair we. say so. When ♦
+ they're poor (if they ever are), we say so. ■ Your confi- O
O dence is our success. We expect you to believe us. +
, ■ _ — : ♦
o DA-n/\nl/\n Newer styles have come, we've taken the lots that O!
a JL ftp CftlCS la EK«'d and marked them a nickel; a yard. Some' were 12c, ♦
O ■ some 10c and some less. Some - colors' are "loud," while 0
4, r* .^,^ — 4.,, many are quite pretty: 73 kinds to chose from. We expect A
o D C6IILS. rapid selling. Ready at S a. m. Aisle 3. A nicker a O
v v w*av^. .. yard. . . ♦
'' O
X T)T7l«*».i-' ■I-**. ■*■.-, ** *•*■** First of all, fashion's followers are literally 4,
2 WJI3.L 10 WG3.P bedecked with ribbons. Ribbons galore. Gowns o
♦ i'^M'Vvv » VVVI be-sashed and ribbons fluttering everywhere. ♦
9 •__ «?l»U/»«n Stripes will be the proper thing. Many novelties o
X in riUDOnS. are now being shown in New York- and Paris,
2 i" **iv»w*x«« and fashion forecasts tell us stripes will-lead. I
♦ • An Easter" lot popped in yesterday, mostly °
o stripes. We'll give you a hint of the lot. . ♦
0 " Pin stripes, ' ■ ," : Inter-embroidered stripes, 9
x Cameo stripes, . Bayadere stripes, I
X ' Swivel stripes. Broken stripes, V
V Embroidered stripes, Plisse stripes, r*" r v"* Z
♦ Cord stripes, Dresden stripes. V
2 These newcomers range from 20c to 50c a o >
? ' yard. Of course, others more and less. 4
♦ T7 nn i. nn Right at the time when ribbon wants are greatest, x.
1 l_i3.SL6P' when ordinary stores count on biggest profits, comes 4
♦ *-" **•»*** this sale. -We took the lot from a burdened maker; o
O • w 5'U"U | cola pUt the needed cash in his hand. Here for you to- +
2 • 2*o, 2or % inch a>ic yard or U."»e pioce a
T ■ • No. sor 1 inch Ho yard or ROc piece /->
0 -' '■■■■'.:^ ,'.'.'' No. 7or IVi inch (Jc yard or «{O«s piece V
♦ -■ ■ ■-.-.■. • . No. 9 orlvi inch.... 8 1-3cyardorBOc.pie.ce X
1 .. . No. 12 or 1" 8 inch.. :..lOe yard or Sfi.OO pie-» 9
Z ''-•' • • . • No.- 16 0r.214 inch." :....-.r.-ia' / yard or 51.3E5 piece ♦
V -. .-«,■■>• -. . . • ; 'o. 22or2*i incHi.'. 1 . ;;V.*Tsc yard or 51.50 piece -O
♦ -_.:-. ;;.,,• No. OJ*'3Vs inch...... ..2Oc ' yard or $2.04) piece ♦
9 ... I !■.-_.'.. .-'".. The lot is a heavy -all-silk, satin and gros grain o
J r ibbon, In staple colors. ♦ .
o
!l <I*O nr C!r\'w> No Question about the continued popularity ♦
~r 3)f). /cJ 36D" °f- separate skirts. A fortunate trade wind blew o
♦ *♦**'• 1 v-f ■^■w^r a little lot our way (only 33 of them). Rich, black 4
9 -^-l. ~.1-m-S^4.*m brocaded mohair, well made and perfect style. X,
X RF3.IG SKiriS. Ought to sell for $6 50. Will share the good for- 4
O C*l c*l-v/ kJivn b^i tune with you. Ready to-day; $3 75 each. O
♦ :
O /M-l^.—.. The 65c flannelette -wrapper sale continues; 357 left. Easy X
♦ ULJIGP choosing yet. Tight-fitting waist, well lined. T
O *w* 96 new wrappers in flannelette at $1 each; some more at 51 25 X
♦ „ «,,,,, and $1 50. ' • 2
O flcWSt The new percale waists seem to have filled a long- felt want.
4. * AY/ »» *** They fit. 900 introduced to-day— soc, 75c and $1 each. Other lots ♦
o at other prices. . ©
. Hudnut's famous New York perfumes fast gaining popu- ♦
O • larity. Souvenirs to-day to prove its excellence. ©
a. Concert Saturday; Stark's Vienna Orchestra. ♦
. T .-.■■■■■. O
I .•:•• I
o o
% 937-939-941-943-945 Market Street. %
♦ ' ■ r" '■ ■ ♦
-♦.o-^o-*-o>-o-*-o-*-o -♦- o-*-o-*-o -*-o-*-o-*-o-*» — ♦-ot*-O H *-o-*-o-*-o-*-o -♦■ o-*-o-*-o ■*-o-*-o-*-o-*-
3-Day Specials !
Coffee, Coffee Pots, Canary Seed,
Toilet Paper, Cheese, Whiskey.
IDEAL COFFEE, rb. 30c, 2 lbs 55c
Our famous No. 3 blend— perfectly delicious.
Regular price 35c.
COFFEE POTS, 3 pts 85c, 5 pts 95c
The celebrated Ideal— handsomely
nickel plated and the only coffee pot
made on strictly scientific principles.
Regular price $1 20 and $1 35.
CANARY SEED. 6 lbs 25c
■ Choice Sicily seed.
Regular price 4 Ips 25c.
TOILET PAPER, 3 pk£s ....25c
Colossus Brand— a fine
Toilet Tissue, 1000 sheets.
Regular price 2 for 26c.
IMPERIAL CHEESE, small jar lOc
large jar 25c
Appetizing— Pure — Nutritious.
Richest, creamiest cheese made.
Regular price 15c and 30c.
McBRAYER WHISKEY, bot 90c
Bottled in Bond under supervision of
U. S. Government.
Regular price *1 25.
CREAMERY BUTTER, square 30c j
Telephone »nd Me.ll Orders Given Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. . Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone Wwt IM. •
Painless Dentistry.
S Fillings - ■ 50 cts
Crowns - - $3 50
ALL WORK
-»-.- WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24Sixth St.. Cor. Stevenson.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1 per Year.
BUY NOW-PAY LATER-NOONAN'S. 1 ' |
COUCHES - - FIVE FIFTY. 1
SPECIAL THIS WEEK: B
This couch Is something new with us— HI
have had them in stock only a week or B
so. One of the best built and prettiest el
Couches we have. They are covered with I]
fancy designed Velour of different I*
shades, and trimmed with a heavy Eg
fringe. l|
We are also showing on the second ij
floor a few hundred of the latest In g
Sofa Pillows. All tiny priced. |!
THE J. NOON AN 1
Furniture Company (Inc.), B jA
WI7-1023 MISSION STREET H » 1
flbove Slxt>). H
Phone, South 14. ■ Open Kveninffs. |J
"CASH OR LITTLEvVT-A-TIME. 1 H
FATHER'S
, EYE GLASS
Should not be worn by mother or sister— lt
does harm— ask your oculist about It— and re-
member the new clip which doesn't slip or
■pinch, tilt or waver, for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises'. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10. . i .•.:;■.
■~— ~" . ■
■■-'"-' ' jm - *
OPTILIAND P H OTOG^ r SCIENTIFIC *
642 Market St. i^truhents
000000000000000000
% rh B PALACE *"?% |
IGRAND HOT J
*f SAN FRANCISCO. " J
** Connected by a covered pansaKCway. ** ! \
O 1400 Room*— 900 wi h Bath Atrached. ® \ A
O AH Under One Management. O } 1» !
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan.gl.OO per day and upward O
-. American Plan.s3.OO per day aiM upward Z. '£
O Correspondence Solicited. O #
O ■ JOHlf 0. SIBKFATKIOZ. M»n»ger. Of
000000000000000000 I