VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 150.
AGUINALDO SUES FOR PEACE
AND PLOTS TO GAIN TIME
ENVOIS OF
FILIPINOS
MEET OTIS
Told That There Must Be
Unconditional Surrender
Before Armistice.
»0 TIME IS GRANTED
Amerioans Promptly Decide That
the So-Called Native Congress
Cannot Be Recognized.
Special fable to The Call and th> New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
M I LA. April 28.—Colo
nel Arguelles and Lieuten
ant Bernal, the members
of the insurgent General Luna's
staiT who came through the
American lines near Calumpit
this morning, arrived in Manila
this afternoon to consult with
General Otis regarding peace ne
gotiations. They report that
Aguinaldo is at San Isidro.
In an interview which I had
with General Otis at the former
Spanish Governor's palace in
acanan the American com
mander said:
"The insurgents
thought their posi
tion on the river
bank at Calumpit
was impregnable.
There they made a
successful stand
against the Span
iards in 1896.
"Our success in
storming their very
strong entrench
ments has demoral
ized them, and the
people are ready to
give up the fight.
"As to the emissaries which
have been sent by General Luna,
my opinion is that they desire to
gain time.
"They say they wish to submit
the question of continuing the
war to their Congress, meeting
in May. These leaders think
that they represent the Filipino
people.
"I answered that 1
would be glad to re
ceive emissaries
from the insurgent
chiefs, provided
they came with a
proposition for ab
k solute surrender.
These were the only
terms that I could
consider.
"The emissaries would not
agree to this, as they thought it
contrary to the dictates of honor.
The emissaries added that if
peace was forced upon them it
would not be permanent.'*
The Filipino refugees are all
gathered at San Fernando. The
insurgent soldiers are looting
and are said to be in a state of
mutiny. Peasants in large num
bers are returning to their homes
within our territory.
New telegraphic connections
with General Lawton by way of
Bocave were completed to-night.
The insurgents attacked the
Americans at Naguig yesterday,
killing two of our men and
wounding twelve. They were I
subsequently repulsed by five
The San Francisco Call.
companies of the First Washing
ton and three companies of the
Twelfth Infantry. There are in
dications that a considerable
force of the enemy is gathered
in that vicinity. The insurgents
are constructing breastworks on
the shore of Laguna de Rai and
have one piece of artillery mount
ed. Several Macabeles came
through the lines yesterday after
noon and asked for American
protection. They want ( ieneval
Mac Arthur to occupy San Fer
nando, where they report that
the insurgents are looting and
destroying property.
FILIPINOS' ADVANCES
HAVE BEEN FRUITLESS
MANILA, April 28.-The Filipino ad
vances for peace at terms which would
b>- in any way advantageous to Aguin
aldo have been fruitless. Colonel Man
uel Arguelezes and Lieutenant Jose
Rernal, who came into General Mac-
Arthurp lines under h flag of truce, told
General Otis that they were represen
tatives '>f General Luna, who had been
requested by Agulnaldo to ask for a
cessation of hostilities in order to al
low time for the summoning of the Fil
ipino congress, which body would <i>-
cide whether the people wanted peace.
General otis rr-pli^d he did
no* recognize the existence <>f the Fili
pino government. Thf-r«' will b"
another conference, to-morrow.
The Filipino officers walked down the
railroad track to the Kansas regiment's
outpost at 9 o'clock this morning. The
Kansas captain in command there es
corted them to General AVhfatnn's
headquarters, where they were pro
vided with horses and s.-nt to the head
quarters of General HacArthur. The
hitter invited the Filipinos to sit down
at lunch with him and conversed with
them for some time. lie refused, how
ever, to speak authoritatively on the
subject of their errand, referring all in
quiries to General Otis. The Filipinos
were then escorted by Major Malloney
of General Mao Arthur's staff to Ma
nila, reaching this place at 3 p. m.
General Otis' aid. Lieutenant Sladen,
was awaiting their arrival at the d< poi
with a carriage, in which they were
driven to the palace entrance. The
Filipino officers attracted much atten
tion. They were dressed in uniforms
of checked blue and white cloth and
wore straw hats. They carried no side
arms. They were escorted directly to
the office of General Otis. Jacob B.
Schurman, president of the Philippine
Commission, and Hon. Charles Denby,
a member of the commission, soon
joined the party there. The news of
the arrival of Filipino officers under a
flag of truce spread through the city
rapidly and many officers gravitated
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
[ to the corridors of the palace, while a
: crowd of native's gathered in the square
; opposite.
At f> o'clock the two Filipino officers.
escorted by Lieutenant Sladen and
Major Malloney, left the palace. They
did not look at all elated as a result
of their meeting with C.-eneral Otis and
the members of the Filipino Commis
sion.
In offering to submit a peace propo
sition to his so-called Congress Agui
naldo hopes by subterfuge to overcome
General otis' consistent policy of ig
noring the Filipino Government. The
Filipinos' argument is that it is im
possible to arrange an armistice with
out tho sanction of the Congress.
General <»tis punctured this assump
tion to-day by asking, the emissaries
if General Aguinaldo could make war
without the sanction of Congress, why
he could not stop without reference to
that body?
Whil<- the insurgents are undoubted
ly tired of war, the loaders are torn
with dissensions. There is ;i suspicion
that it was hoped by means of a con
ferehce to ascertain what they could
expect. If they saw that anything was
to he gained by continuing the war, an
armistice would afford them an oppor
tunity for recuperating their demoral
ized forces.
It is an- interesting commentary upon
Aguinaldo's proposition that only sixty
of the 300 members of the Filipino <'on
gress have taken the oath of allegi
ance which their constitution requires.
A Filipino proclamation replying to
the proclamation of the American
Commissioners has appeared. It is
signed by Mabini for the President and
is dated at Caniasdro, April 15. It is
in the usual grandiose style, and de
clares that President McKinley Issued
the proclamation in order to force the
American Congress to ratify the ces
sion of the islands under the treaty of
Paris.
"This contract Of cession was made
with the Spanish after Spanish domina
tion had been ended by the valor of our
troops," the writer asserts. The procla
mation complains that the Filipinos
were not represented at Paris during
the negotiation of the treaty and that
they are without assurances of the ful
fillment of American promises. It di
lates upon the alleged Anglo-Saxon
hatred of blacks, and asserts a desire
to enslave them. Deploring a lack of
foreign aid in prosecuting the war the
proclamation concludes:
"We stand alone, but we will fight j
to the death. Coming generations will
pray over our graves, shedding tears
of gratitude for their freedom."
Yesterday furnished addei proof that
the T T Tiited States troops have a fear
of bushwhacking that is above their
fears cf battle. The Washington Regi
ment, which is holding Taguig with
three companies of the Twelfth regu
lars, engaged a large force of insur
gents in a fight in the jungle. The
Americans lost two killed and ten
wounded.
The Filipinos have been massing at
the lake mouth of the Pasig River, and
it is estimated that there are 2000 of
them now there. They have mounted
two guns— one a three-inch Krupp —
and have thrown' a number of shells
into the American lines. The gunboat
Rapldan, which is guarding the en
trance to the river, shelled a launch
which was carrying supplies.
Yesterday a large force of rebels ap
proached the town, seemingly bent on
luring the Americans from <'alumpit.
Three companies of the Washington
troops sallied from the town and
attacked the natives and found that
they had their hands full. Two other
companies of the Washingtons and
three of the Twelfth regulars rein
forced them and drove back the
enemy, who removed their dead and
Wounded as they retired, as usual.
AGUINALDO MUST ACCEPT
PEACE AT OUR TERMS
XEW YORK, April 28.— The Heralds
correspondent Bends the following: "it
is the beginning of the end. When the
enemy stops righting and wants to
talk it is a pretty good sign that he is
liokod."
This is the general view of the ad
ministration as expressed tn me to-day
hy Adjutant General Corhirt and sub-
Btahtially to the same effect by other
members of the War Department of the
cablegram received from General Otis
this morning Riving the result of yes
terday's battle at Calumpit.
The authorities are jubilant over the
turn affairs have taken, and predict
the surrender of Aguinaldo within for
ty-eight hours. The report that the
Filipino emissaries left the conference
with the American commander and
< 'omtnissioners at Manila discouraged
over the reply they received to the re
quest that hostilities cease until the
Filipino congress can pass upon the
question of peace does not alarm offi
cials here.
The mere fact that Aguinaldo has be
gun to sue for peace is considered tan
tamount to saying he will, after a lit
tle dickering, accept peace at our
terms.
Speculation is already rife here as
to the conditions which will be grant
ed. I obtained to-day from a high
source this statement regarding the
position of the administration with re
spect to the Filipinos:
"Negotiations for peace will be con
ducted by the Philippine Commission
and not by General Otis alone. Before
negotiations can be begun the Filipinos
will be required to lay down their arms.
"When they have given this evidence of
their intention to abandon them the
War Commission will be authorized to
announce to them the intentions of the
Government.
"There is no disposition on the part
of the President to punish Aguinaldo
or any other Filipino. The insurgent
leader will be treated like any other
native. Should he desire a special
treaty for himself or indicate that he
is not getting all he desires he will
be invited to leave the country. The
other Filipinos will, be invited to re
sume their peaceful avocations and will
GILLMORE AND PARTY
PRISONERS OF WAR
It Is Reported That the Men Who
Landed From the Yorktown Are
Held by Insurgents at Baler.
MANILA, April 28. — General Otis has been informed that Lieutenant Gillmore and his par
ty of sailors from the Yorktown are alive and are being held as prisoners of war by the in
surgents at Baler, where they were captured. If this information proves correct the party
will undoubtedly be turned over to Admiral Dewey upon the conclusion of an armistice.
ON April 19 the Navy Department
at Washington gave out the fol
lowing corrected cablegram from
Admiral Dewey:
MANILA, April IK.— Secretary of the
Navy, Washington: The Yorktown vis
ited Baler, on the east coast of Luzon,
P. 1., April 12 for the purpose of rescuing
and bringing away the Spanish forces,
consisting of eighty soldiers, three officers
and twi-i priests, which were surrounded
by 40i) insurgents. Some of the insurgents
were armed with Mauser rifles, as report
ed by natives. Lieutenant J. C. Gillmore,
while making an examination of the
mouth of the river in an armed boat, was
ambushed, fired upon and captured. Fate
unknown, as insurgents refused to com
municate afterward. The following are
missing: The officer previously referred
to, Chief Quartermaster W. Walton, Cock
swain J. Ellsworth. Gunner's Mate H. J.
Hygard, Bailmaker'a Mate Vendgit, Sea
men W. 11. Rynders and C. W, Woodbury,
j Apprentices T>. \V. A. Yenville. J. Peter
son, Ordinary Seamen F. Brisolese and
O. B. McDonald, Landsmen L. T. Ed
wards, K. Anderson, J. Dillon and C. A.
Morrissey. DEWEY.
be treated with consideration by the
American forces."
When American supremacy is estab
lished in the island of Luzon the au
thorities think there will be a prompt
collapse of the revolt in the island of
Panay. Natives of other Philippine
islands have been watching with k"i n
interest the course of affairs in Luzon,
and as they have been stirred up by
Aguinaldo's emissaries the defeat' of
Aguinaldo and his army will un
doubtedly have a good effect through
out the archipelago.
After concluding peace with Agui
naldo's army the commission will ar
range for visiting other islands to con
fer with the natives concerning re
forms they desire and to determine the
character of legislation for the. govern
ment of the islands which should te
recommended to the President for pre
sentation to Congress.
The terms which will be offered to the
Filipinos will not differ materially from
those stated in the recent proclamation
issued by the commission. The comm
ission then declared the Philippine
people would be granted the largest lib
erty and self-government reconcilable
with the maintenance of a wise, Just,
effective and economical administration
of public affairs and compatible with
the sovereign rights and obligations of
the United States. Civil rights of the
Filipinos will be granted to the fullest
extent. Religious freedom will be as
sured and all persons will have equal
standing before the law.
While in sonic quarters there is a
disposition to think that th- 1 Filipinos
have made this move simply to gain
time, high officials think the action of
Aguinaldo is due to the fact that he
and his troops have had enough ol
fighting American forces.
As General Otis has undoubtedly re
fused the armistice requested, it is ap
parent that Aguinaldo has really lost
ONE OF THE OLD GUNS USED BY FILIPINOS AGAINST THE AMERICANS.
Accompanying this there was pub
lished the following press dispatch:
MANILA, April 10. 4:30 p. m.— Admiral
Dewey has been notified of the strange
disappearance of J. C. Uillmore and four
teen members of the crew of the United
States gunboat Yorktown. On Saturday
last the STorktown anchored off Baler, on
the east coast of the Island of Luzon and
about 200 miles from here, where then
was a Spanish garrison of about tifty
men, which had been defending itself
against several hundred Filipinos foi
months past.
Lieutenant <si!lmore. Ensign W. H.
Standley and a boat's crew were sent
up the river from Baler Bay to communl
ciate with the Spaniards, the town of Ba
ler being situated some distance inland.
Ensign Standley, who landed at the
mouth of the river, reports that h>- heard
three volleys, a bugle call and cheers
from up the river, but that the automatic
gun which was part ot tne equipment of
tin- boat was not heard firing. Standley
later paddled to the forktown in a canoe.
A search was made for the Yorktown'a
boat and her crew, but no trace of them
waa found, and the Yorktown sailed for
by his course, for the reason that the
moral effeel of his attempt to obtain
peace will be great throughout the ar
chipelago. For this reason the author
ities believe that the insurgents are
sincere in their desire for peace.
Secretary Alger paid as the depart
ment closed that, while it could not be
said that peace was assured, he regard
ed the prospects as of the brightest and
felt confident that the end of the in
surrection was near. To his mind
there would be a repetition of the ne
gotiations which were had before San
tiago. The Secretary left Washington
to-night for a ten days' trip in the
West, and it gave him great satisfac
tion to leave affairs in such promising
shape.
Everybody is praising the volunteers.
a marked change in the sentiment ex
pressed a few days ag'V when it was
understood the same men were plead
ing to be brought home, t'oionel Fun
ston came in for the most commenda- j
tion, even the regular officers taking I
note with admiration of the fact that
his achievements were all strictly with
in the lines of the plans laid down for
him hy his superior officer, General
Wheat on.
General Corbin said that every vol
unteer who participated in the fighting
in the Philippines since peace was de- j
clared should have a medal of honor.
By the terms of their enlistments they
were entitled to withdraw from' the ser
vice, but they remained voluntarily,
performing more than was required of
them, which was more than the ordi
nary duty of a soldier.
It is expected that to-morrow there
will be further negotiation with the in
surgent representatives.
Adjutant General Corbin says the
Filipino peace overtures will not bring
about any change of plan in this coun
try as to forwarding ships' supplies and
troops to the Philippines. Transports
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Iloilo. from which place her commander
reported to Dewey his theories that the
Filipinos had captured or sunk the boat,
or thai the Spaniards had rescued the
American party.
Later the statement was published
that Admiral Dewey did not know
whether his men had fallen Into the
hands of the Filipinos or the Spaniards.
The Spanish garrison at Baler, it ap
pears, beleaguered sine:- the beginning
of the war, did not know that peace
had been concluded and looked upon
the Americans as enemies as well as
the Filipinos, who besieged them. The
flag of Spain still flies ai Baler, th<* lit
the garrison holding its native assail
ants at bay, and the Admiral thought
it might well be that the Spaniards,
seeing the boat from the Yorktown ap
proach, had ambushed and raptured its
occupants. This. ss> it happens, was
not the case. The Forktown's men are
safe, at all events, for their lives will
be precious as hostages while Aguinaldo
is seeking for peace. On their safety
his own may depend.
are about to sail from San Francisco
and a considerable number of troops
are under orders to proceed to Manila.
It is said at the Navy Department
that the developments of the day make
It Improbable that the lowa will be
sent to Maftila, according to the orig
inal programme. In view of the state
of affairs in China, however, the
•American fleet on the Asiatic station
will be kept at a high standard.
VOLUNTEERS AS ALLIES
OF THE ADMINISTRATION
NEW YORK, April 28.— A Washing
ton special t" the Herald says: Presi
dent McKinley and the administration
have been relieved of a great load of
anxiety by the appan nt collapse of the
Philippine Insurrection. They have
hoped for an early termination of rh"
foniiict with Aeruinaldn not only be
cause it would stop the shedding or
blood and would relieve them of the
necessity for calling for more volun
teers, but because it meant much to the
administration and the party politi
cally.
The restoration of peare would en
able the President to turn the Philip
pine problem over to Congress in De
cember in much better shape than
would have been possible had the war
still been soing- on. By that time he
will have put into operation under
military authority a form of govern
ment which the Philippine Commission
will have "recommended. He will have
the report of that commission and be
able to give Congress valuable infor
mation as to tin' situation in the
islands and the capabilities of the peo
ple for self-government.
There is no doubt that this commis
sion will report in favor of the United
States retaining: the islands indefi
nitely, and such a policy will be much2
better received by tho country with
peace restored and trade beginning to
develop than would be the case with a
war in progress and more soldiers be
ing sent to the front.
Returned volunteers arc expected to
be strong allies of the administration in
the policy of retaining the islands. They
Will be treated with the greatest con
sideration, and every one of them will
be proud Of the part he has taken in
wresting the islands from the Spanish
and subduing the rebellious natives.
They will not. it is believed, favor any
proposition to abandon the fruits of
their valor.
AFTER AMERICANS
WHO SUPPLY FILIPINOS
NEW YORK. April 28.— The Heralds
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Chief "Wilkie and his men
>>f the secret service are on the truck
of American manufacturers and dealers
in firearms from whom Aguinaldo is
alleged to have procured arms and am
munition.
Tt is regarded as probable tint who
ever bought the arms represented they
for a customer in China or some
other Oriental country outside of the
Philippines, and the secret service of
ficials will probably warn certain
American firms that their goods are
getting Into the hands of enemies of the
United states and direct them to Btop
shipments to certain quartt
The representative of a «un firm with
whom 1 talked to-day said the firms
Bhould not be blamed for the Filipinos
munitions of war. The firms
til] out an ordei nger, who pays
for it. and the weapons are shipped to
any point he may direct. The stranger
may bo an agent of the Filipinos and
may f-t,,! them to Luzon, but this can
isily be leai ne L 1 !•■ ad led that
if it wore known that the munitions
nted for the Filipinos qpt a
gun firm in the country would sc!'.
them.
— ♦- —
POLITICAL HONORS
AWAIT BRAVE FUNSTON
NEW YORK, April 28. A Topeka
3] I to the Herald says: For
Governor of Kansas in L9OO, Colonel
Fi <d< ri« Funsi
That is not •■'• :< - a possibility, but a
strong probability. Thi suggestion was
mad" several i by one of the
leading i j of Kansas. It
struck a popular chord, and Colonel
Kunston's gubernatorial boom Immedi
ately assumed large proportions. I:' he
is ambitious for civic honors, there can
be no question but that he can bave
anything that Kansas has to offer. His
military achievements in the Philip
pine Islands have made him a State
hero. If he will accept the guberna
torial nomination, it is predict ■! that
his canvass will be a repetition of
v-'!;'s success in New York.
According to present plans, if Colonel
Fnnston will accept the nomination,
i krvernoi will «t. p I
gracefully with the understanding thai
he shall be sent to the United States
Senate in ihui to succeed the Incum
bent, Lucien Baker. If Colonel Funston
Bhould prefer the Senatorship he can
■ the .skint;-.
ATKINSON IS GIVEN
OFFICIAL WARNING
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Wash
ington correspondent o£ the Herald tel
egraphs: A rumor reached Washing
ton to-day that the mail of Edward
Atkinson, and othei Boston anti-ex
panßionißtß was to be lnterf< red with
by the Government because they pro-
I to send pamphlets to American
soldierß In the Phfllppii
si the Filipinos.
1 ;• arned that Mr. Atkinson ami his
sympathizers are not to be Interl
with by the administration unless they
greater lengths than they have
up t i this time In opposing th-- Philip
pine policy of the Government.
It has been Buggested th.-
might be made against Mr. Atkinson
and his associates on charges of using
the T'nit.d States mails for Beditious
purposes, but there is no intention of
instituting proceedings at present ami
nothing has been done beyond suggest
ing to a friend of Mr. Atkinson to warn
him that he is on dangerous ground.
Of course, if it should be shown that
any one in the United States was en
deavoring by direct means to stir up
discontent and mutiny among troops In
the Philippines action against him
would be taken at once.
LIST OF BRAVE TROOPS
KILLED AND WOUNDED
WASHINGTON, April 2S.— Adjutant
General Corbln has received the follow
ing casualty list from General Otis:
KILLED.
First Washington— April 27: Company
V. Corporal Edward AY. Strains and Pri
: isepfa P Eno.
First Montana— Company M, Private
Charles Murphy.
WOUNDED.
First Washington— Company F, First
Lieutenant Charles A. Booker, scalp,
slight; Private Shirley A. Smith,
face, moderate; Company D, Wil
liam J. Marshall, neck, slight;
Company H, Clyde Z. Wood, abdo
men, revere; Robert Hovey, leg, severe;
Sydney O. Dickinson, chest, severe: Abel
Nilson, cheek, severe; William E. How
ard, thigh, severe; Sherman T. Sheppard,
chest, severe; Edward Curley. thumb,
slight; George M. ("lark, thumb, slight;
Arthur M. Ellis, loin, slight; Corporal
George W. Hovey, abdomen, severe;
Company L, Private Ennis, chest, slight.
Twentieth Kansas— Company M, Cap
tain William Bishop, hip, moderate; Com
pany A, Sergeant C. A. Woodworth,
groin, moderate; Company K. Corporal
E R. Kincaid, arm, slight; Company I,
Privates E. L. Whittiker, side, severe;
L. A. Terry, abdomen, seven-; Company
M, Henry Morrison, chest, severe.
First South Dakota— Company R. S»r-
K>'.-int Charles Butler, leg. slight; Corpo
ral Hammon H. Buck, arm, alight.
First Montana— Major John Miller,
shoulder, Severe; Company E, Captain
Andrew Jensen, forearm; Company B,
Privates James Tirney, thiph, severe;
Company I, J. E. Schultz, scalp, slight;
Company C, John Kirley, shoulder, mod
erate. _
ENGLISH EDITORIALS
CONGRATULATE AMERICA
LONDON, April 29.— A1l the morning
papers contained editorials congratulating
the United States on the prospect of
QBAPE-NUTS.
••••••••••••••••••••I
DON'T TIRE i
EASILYI
WHEN YOU EAT
Grape-Nuts.
There's a reason, j
TRY THEM. j
MENU OF DELIGHTS
FOR SACRAMENTO'S
DEWEY DAY FETE
RICHARD T. COHN, Director General of the
Sacramento Dewey Fete,
SACRAMENTO, April 28.— The Dewey
:• t( and floral carnival from a small be
ginning bus enlarged to a gigantic affair,
fn m a cltj to .i State evei Th< orig
inal f the N Sons and
Daug] - lebrate th<- victory
in out-door
picnic m ( 'al- Park. As W< re
leas formed everybodj became
"■■iif such an extent thai thej
have Induct d I f th< city and
» slst in the
■ ■ • T\ floral parade,
wh : >-> • cort to 1 he qu<
rnival. will b»- one of the grandest
d in Hii< <-it-,. v;.ir
blos-
.-..m> ' ' decorate the veh bicy
■ ;di .
the demand for 1
and carriages thai stabl< ■ been
compelled to Bend abroad Eor them. As
the floral parade is to be the first event
■ • kind held here thi whol< •,•■<■>
is Interested In the subject. Cash .
are I n for the beat decorated
tally-hos, iln.ys. carriages, tandems,
bicj ' les.
:he arrival of the pro© t Oak
Park thi ceremonies of crowning the
will be- held, after which the Bag
raising and firing of Balutes in honor of
Admir. l Dewey will occur. There will
also be a Maypole dai
dane ■ •■iing with a r<
the gui
During the morning there will be a foot
ball game between the Sacramento Gram
I peace In the Philippines and compliment
ing the hr:. very and en< I the
American troops, which have prod
uch desired result.
All Insißi thai the United States cannot
with the rebel government. All ap
prove the demand of General Otia for an
unconditional surrender and .urge that he
en full powers an<l not be hampered
by Instructions from Washington.
The Daily Mail says: General Otis has
to deal with Orientals, and his policy
must l.c directed accordingly.
Th.- Morning Post, which emphasizes
the danger of treating with the rebels,
says: "The way may be long, but the
adoption of a conciliatory policy is the
' method best suited to get to the end of
1 it "
The Standard says: "The rebels aro
proper objects for clemency, but th'-y
1 cannot be dealt with as a political entity.
No r^al friend of the islanders would wish
to see them at once charged with the
task of working out their own destiny on
lines of pure autonomy."
The Daily News thinks a native, admin
istration, under supreme American control.
and even a native army, "fortified" by a
compact American garrison, would be
the best solution.
OTIS DENIES STORIES
OF AMERICAN ATROCITIES
NEW YORK, April 28.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: General Otis
denies the reports of American atrocities
in the Philippines as described by Charles
Brenner in a recent letter to his home.
In answer to a cablegram of inquiry he
haß informed the Secretary of War that
none of the incidents referred to by
Brenner have ever been brought to his
attention, and that he has been unable
thus far to find any foundation for the re
ports. He states, however, that he will
continue the Investigation.
MEDALS FOR VOLUNTEERS
WHO REMAIN TO FIGHT
ST. PAUL, Minn.. April 28.— Governor
Lind to-day sent the following cablegram
to Colonel Ames of the Thirteenth Mln^
nesota Volunteers, now in the Philip
pines:
"The President informed me Otis re
ported all volunteers willing to remain
until regulars arrived. Volunteers re
maining in Manila since peace will re
ceive medals. Otis will grant individual
discharges upon application. The regi
ment will be returned before June 1."
COST OF THE CAMPAIGN
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, April 28.— A statement
prepared by the War Department shows
that 19H were killed in the Philippines
from February 4 to April 28 and 1111 were
wounded; total, 1309.
Luna's Forces Surrender.
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Journal
prints the following under date of Ma
nila to-day, no hour of lulng being given:
"The forces of General Luna have sur
rendered to General Otis, commanding the
American forces."
Woodland Revival Meetings.
WOODLAND, April 2X.— Woodland will
soon be the storm center of revival meet
ings. Rev. Mr. McWilliams, a Christian
minister, and Rev. Mr. Boyd, the singing
Baptist evangelist, will begin protracted
meetings next week.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tak* Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If it fails to cure.
25c The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SA*J FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
mar School and Oak Park School teams.
In the afternoon an exciting baseball
game will be held between nine? from Sac
ramento and Sunset parlors. The young
men have been practicing dally so.'. a
close contest Is expected. A strong- attrac
tion for the afternoon w'll be the baby
show, prizes being given for the prettiest >
white, colored and Chinese; babies, each J
in their own class. •■■•■;
800 l have been erected where' the I
hungry and thirsty may find Icecream, |
soda, lemonade, strawberries, candies and ;
nuts. The side attractions are trained.;
lions, donkeys, Manila museum, living',
pictures, black art, palmistry, brownies.
Hying horses and other Shows. . • .
In the evening the park will be ilhimln
ated by numerous Ct electric lights and.
Japanese lanterns, whileduring the even
ing stereopticon lew of scenes In Cuba
and the battle of Manila will shown. '■■
From morning until night bunds will
play concert and dance, music. Th com
mittee has wisely provided for tired I
mothers by having a nursery erected, .and •
In connection with it baby buggies may
be rented for a small sum. The day will
be observed ■as a $ei\ra] holiday, . and I
wholesale and retail " stores and the big j
railroad shops wil! close.
An idea of the magnitude of the carnival \
may '• obtained from the fact that each !
booth and show will need five ladies and
ten men, making fifteen tot each. .As
theie are to be twenty booth's and tents in
tlie grounds it will be necessary to have
three hundred Native Sons and Daugh
ters to assist. Everything is progressing
favorably for the most elaborate event or
the kind ever held- in this part of the
State. . ■ .
CONTRACT LABOR
SYSTEM RESTORED
Hawaii Is Open to the
Coolies.
HONOLULU. April 22.— 0n the 17th
President Dole and his Cabinet decided
i not to allow any additional contract
| laborers to come into the country. This
] decision was arrived at after several
I conferences had been held with the
! planters. In the meantime word has
! been received from Washington which
j restores the old order of things and
j now the planters may import as many
| laborers as they may require.
By the Nippon Maru President Dole
received a note from the Treasury De
partment stating that the annexation
i resolution did not and does not effect
j the labor system of this country, and
! that the same remains in force and
I effect until such time as Congress may
j enact laws changing it. The present
! applications for contract Japanese for
I the new plantations will be approved
i by the Government and forwarded by
I the next steamer.
President Dole this morning admitted
the receipt of an official decision from
i Washington in favor of the old labor
: system.
"Yes," added the Preside/it, "the let
i ter reopens the matter. We will have
i a meeting as soon as possible with the
planters and inform them of the
i changtd situation."
Asked if the situation was not now
| identical with that before the Hawaiian
Cabinet had formed its recent opinion,
! the President replied:
"Yes; probably. That is the point
upon which we wish to see the planters.
, It may still seem advisable to impose
\ some restrictions."
The Government to-day decided to
) address a letter to the planters asking
1 them to file applications for such labor
as they require.
Between 300 and 400 Japanese immi-
I grants arrived on the America Maru
i to-day. They come to enter into labor
j contracts under* permission given by
the Government.
It is understood that the policy of
] the planters with respect to the future
1 will be about as follows: A gradual
reduction of the use of contract Asiatic
| labor and a corresponding Introduction
! of free American help Into the cane
! fields. The delay in the application of
I American laws will enable the planters
to adopt American labor rules by de
grees, and will insure the country
against the damaging effects of a sud
den change. Colonel Whyte's project
for bringing in American labor will re
ceive early attention. There probably
will be a company, known as the Amer
'• lean Labor Supply Company, or some
i thing very similar, backed by the plan
i tation agencies. It is hoped that with
i in a few months this concern will have
j its labor channels thoroughly opened,
| and that by December it will be in a
position to supply all the workmen re-
I quired.
CAPTAIN COGHLAN
AT A BALL GAME
■ I
Sees the Phillies Beat
the Bostons.
Syecial Dispatch to The . Call.
. •.-vr ■■;■•'■ ' ■ - ■
• NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.- Clubs— W. L. Pet.
St. Louis 8 1 .888 Cincinnati ..5 5 .500
Philadelphia. 9 4 .6<2 Baltimore ... 6 6 .500
Chicago ..... S 5 .615 New York... 4 7 .364
Brooklyn 7 , 5 .583 Pittsburgh'-.. 2 6 .250
Boston ...... 7 5 .583 Washington.. 3 9 .250
Louisville ... 5 4 .555 Cleveland ... 1 6 .143
Philadelphia; April captain J.
B. Coghlan, Lieutenant Commander
Thomas S.Phelps and other officers of
the United States cruiser Raleigh, which
came here to participate in the ceremo
nies attending-, the unveiling of the Grant
monument and Dewey day, witnessed to
day's National League game between the
Phillies and the Bostons. The Manila he
roes saw, two innings before their pres
ence became generally known and then
they received an ovation. The players
of both clubs lined up across the pitcher's
box. and gave three cheers, In which they
Were joined by nearly 5000 spectators.
Captain Coghlan and Commander Phelps
rose and bowed their ■ acknowledgments
of the courtesy. After the game the naval
heroes were surrounded by the crowd
and cheered to the echo.
The game was a beautiful exhibition
of baseball. Orth, who pitched for the
Phillies, was invincible, Stahl making
Boston's only hit of cpnsVquence — a dou
ble. Two of Nichols' bases on balls re
sulted in runs for the Phillies. The field
ing of both teams was almost perfect.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 0 5 1
Philadelphia 6 8 -,;1
Batteries — Nichols and Clarke; Orth and
Douglass. Umpires Emslie and McDonald.
PITTSBURG, April 28.— The baseball season
was opened here to-day with the usual parade,
a targe crowd and .a good game. Pittsburg was
outplayed at every point, but put up a good
uphill prime and saved a shut-out in the last
Inning by Dona van's three-bagger and McCar
thy's long fly. Attendance, 6275. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E. j
Pittsburg ....... 1 6 1 I
St. Louis 5 10 3 !
Batteries— Tannehill and Bowerman; Young I
and O'Connor, Umpires— Burns and Smith.
NEW YORK, April 28.- When the Baltimores
had scored two runs in the ninth inning to
day. Gaffney. called the game on account of]
darkness after nearly three hours' play, the |
Orioles winning by 12 to 11 on even innings, i
I: was a slugging match, in which three pitch- i
'ers were batted freely. " Dunn was injured by
sliding to second. The Brooklyn* fielded rag
gedly, Farrell'a throwing being especially off
ro!or. The Baltimore? (tale bases at will. I
McGann made the first home run of the season
her<» with two men on base*. Attendance, 300u,
Score: :-\'"-'"'- 1 .'•
Clubs- >" R- H. E. i
Baltimore 12 14 1 :
Brooklyn .... 11 15 5
Batteries— Howell, Miller and Robinson; Me-
James, Dunn, Gaston and Parrel!. Umpires— l
Gaffney and Andrews, i .
i WASHINGTON, April 28.— New' York , tried
three pitchers to-day, and. with the exception
of Coaldey, who finished the game, they were
wild and Ineffective, so the local team won.
Attendance, 300. Score: '-'T-J
,&,...: ...:... R- H. E |
Washington 12 H
New York. -'.*-. • S 9 , ■ 0 ;
Batteries— Weyhlng and McGuire; Carrick. !
Peacrist, Coakley and Grady. Umpires— Hunt [
and Connolly.
GAGE LOOKS OUT
FOR HIS LAMBS
Rewards for Supporters
of Burns.
Special Dispatch, to The Call. -
LOS ANGELES, April That Colonel
Dan M. Burns is in absolute control of the
'patronage of the Republican party, of Cal
ifornia and that those who were elected
to office last November must take coun
sel with him was made evident to-day to
all office-seekers when George Washing
ton Root of San Francisco, clerk of the
Supreme Court, announced that Harold
G. Simpson of Pasadena had been chosen
as the Los Angeles County deputy clerk
of the court. The appointee is .the son
of Senator C. M. Simpson of Pasadena.
The contest for this uillet has been very
keen as it pays $150 a month for four
years The leading candidates, aside from
Simpson, were John Hughes and Frank
Dominguez, both prominent in the local
"push, and who were. In the front In the
Gage ranks. . 
When Simpson boasted, on the day he
disregarded his county delegation's In
! structions and voted for Burns, that he
• had been cared for his friends thought the
statement was a burst of humor, but now
he is enjoying loaves and fishes. As Sen
ator Simpson at the time of casting his
vote for Burns was entering upon his new
four-year term, he has nothing further to
ask from his constituency, as his -own
term and that of his son will expire about
the same time.
Harold G. Simpson, «he appointee, is
probably the youngest man who ever held
a similar position anywhere. He is only
23 years old, but is said to be exceptional
ly capable. Young Simpson was chief bill
filer in the Senate during the recent legis
lative session. He will take charge of the
office on May 1.
W. M. Ward, who has been in the office
temporarily, will leave In about two
weeks for San Francisco, which is his
permanent station.
GERMANY SATISFIED
REGARDING SAMOA
BERLIN, April 28.— The newspapers
here, commenting to-day on the latest
news from Samoa, express satisfaction
with the attitude of Admiral Kautz, U.
S. N., interpreting It aa a sign that the
United States Government will hence
forth side with Germany In the Samoan
troubles. The Boersen Courier says that
the American admiral's position may indi
cate how differently the Americans and
the English in Samoa Interpret Instruc
tions received simultaneously.
The Neusten Nachrichten notes "with
lively satisfaction" the loyal attitude of
the Washington Government "In admon
ishing Admiral Kautz in relation to his
letter to his cousin in the United States."
It is believed here that an understand
ing has been reached between the Gov
ernments of the United States and Ger
many not only as to their relations in
Samoa but In regard to other portions of
the world as well. Some of the Berlin
newspapers to-day condemn a speech
made recently by the United States Con
sul at Amsterdam, George C. Correy, in
which it was said that from the year 1868
Prince Bismarck had been constantly
scheming to seize Holland. The North
German Gazette, commenting on this as
sertion, says that the United States seems
to pick out singular specimens of man
kind for diplomatic posts.
Joins the San Jose Team.
WOODLAND, April 28.— Charles Fissell
of Davisvllle, one of the best amateur
third basemen in the State, will probably
soon wear a San Jose uniform. Captain
Borchers telegraphed him an offer to-day,
which was accepted.
Incarcerated for Insanity.
WOODLAND, April 28.— Alexander
Wherry, an old citizen, is restrained In the
apartment for insane in the county jail
on suspicion of insanity. His examina
tion will be deferred a few days, with the
hope that he may recover his mental equi
librium.
PERKINS` FRIENDS
ARE GAGE'S FOES
Result of the Attack on
the Senator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— Governor
Henry T. Gage came to Los Angeles for a
few moments to-day and remained be
hind locked doors. He granted an audi
ence to a few persons, and His friends say
the executive is employing most of his
time while at the Downey Ranch making
out commissions for the new State offi
cers whom he will soon name. These
friends also state that he probably will
pay no attention to the suggestion of W.
H. Mills to return the moneys appropriat
ed for the Paris exposition into the treas
ury by appointing no commissioners. It
is asserted that Gage does not appreciate
the position taken by Mills, nor does he
admire the opinion Mills sets forth with
out consultation.
The uncalled-for reference to United
States Senator Perkins by Governor Gage
in his address at the San Pedro harbor
celebration is still the topic of conversa
tion in political circles and has momen
tarily crowded to the rear the prospective
nomination of Dan Burns to the United
States Senate In this Gage-Perkins con
troversy it is claimed by the supporters of
U. S. Grant here that the Northern Sen
ator has acquitted himself with signal
ability. On the other hand, the friends of
Gage applaud the Governor for what they
consider a merited rebuke of the course
pursued by Senator Perkins. Between
these two lines stand the independent cit
izen and the executive committee of the
Free Harbor Jubilee, who, according to
statements heard on the streets, believe
Governor Gage erred in judgment when
he. as an Invited speaker, permitted per
sonal grievances to becomi th.' essence of
his address and seized the opportunity to
administer a rebuke to one who had been
foremost in the battle for the success of
a free harbor at San Pedro. Ir is said by
those who carefully weight things polit
ical that whenever the appointment of
Burns conies before the United States
i Senate Senator Perkina will be found ar
rayed against the Republican State ma
: chine.
It was said to-day that as soon as Brig
! adier General H. G. Otis arrives next
week he will be appron died by an emis
, »ary from the Republican State machine,
' who is also ;i mutual friend of Colonel
I Burns. Governor <;;ik.' and the Times ed
itor, and an attempt will be made to have
' all differences settled tor the sake of
"party harmony." 1 General Otis is to
; be made a delegate-at-large to next year's
national convention as the price of peace.
I The other delegates-at-large will l<e. ac
cording to the present programme. Oov
-1 ernor Gage. ex-Mayor Pardee of Oakland
I and M. 11. de Young.
A remarkable feature of yesterday's
i eercmonies in honor of the Times' work
| for San Pedro and an Incident frequently
I commented on was the part taken in the
! exercises by Judge James <;. Maguire,
coupled "with the absence of Governor
Henry T. Gage. Last fall the paper for
| months sought to prove that Congress
man M_aguire was all kinds of an ai ar
ehlsi. painting Governor Henry T. Gage
ap the Ideal American iKlzen. Since the
November election things have changed.
and that, too, in the short time of five
, months. ____^_______
Goelet's Death Due to Dropsy.
I Special Cable to The Call and the New York ]
•.., Herald. Copyrighted,' 1899, ■ by James Gor
' don Bennett. '.' '•■■;"■
NAPLES, April \2S.— The death of
Robert Goelet aboard-, his steam yacht,
the Nahma, was due to dropsy. His body
; will be left on the Xahma.and.be taken
to the United States.
Caverly Defeats Hayden.
STANFORD, April 28.— 1n the students'
body i lection to-day fur president John
li. Gaverly beal t'.iri Hayden by four
vote*. Caverly is ;i law student from
Whittier.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"Ignorance of the Law
Excuses No One*
This maxim applies with especial force to
ignorance of the laws of health. Every man
and every "woman of intelligence knows that
the blood reaches the remotest part of the human
body. If there is a disturbance anywhere, why
should one ignorantly suppose that the seat of
the malady is local?
Is it not more rational to suppose that the
impure condition of the blood is doing the mischief?
If your "life blood" is pure, Dame Nature
will take care of the rest Hood's Sarsaparilla
enables you to cleanse your blood of all im-
purities and make it strong and wholesome.
Now, TODAY, is the time to take it,
because now, in Spring, is the time when you
are most susceptible to benefit from medicine.
It Is America s Greatest Spring Medicine,
Cures All Ages and Both Sexes.
Hood's Pills cure liver ills; the non- irritating and only cathartic to take
with Hoofs Sarsaparilla, the Best Spring Medicine Money can Buy*
SURGEON'S MISTAKE
BLINDS A PATIENT
Remove a Sound Eye prom o
Boy Instead of One That
Was Sightless.
MONTREAL, April 28.— Seven years ago, Thomas Stewart, then 10
years old, lost the sight of one eye, the blade of a penknife having
been accidentally run into it. Dr. Alexander Froudfoot attended him.
Recently Dr. Proudfoot advised the removal of the useless eye as the
only means of preserving the other intact. This was agreed to and the
delicate task was entrusted to Dr. Proudfoot, who is assistant oculist
and aurist to the general hospital.
The operation took place at the family residence and at its conclu
sion it was found a terrible mistake had been made— the healthy eye had
been removed. On recovering from the effects of the anesthetic the
patient found himself blind.
ENTOMBED ALIVE
BY CAVING EARTH
Horrible Fate of Three
Well-Diggers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLARKS STATION, New, April 28.—
Three of a gang of workmen which had
been repairing a well 100 yards from the
j station here were buried at 8 o'clock
this morning beneath fifteen or twenty
feet of earth and timbers by the giving
way of the curbing. The soil is very
Bandy, and as some braces were re
moved for the purpose of putting in a
new curbing, the entire structure at the
top gave way, the men falling to the
bottom, with caved-in earth and broken
timbers on top of them. Immediately
i after the accident a rapping on the iron
! pip^ which extends from the surface to
\ the oottom could be heard, showing
that at least one of the unfortunates
was still alive. A special train with
forty laborers^ and two physicians was
hurried from Reno, but before it ar
rived the rapping had ceased.
The work of digging out the well was
hurried throughout the day, and at 6
6'clock this evening the rescuers were
within four feet of the imprisoned men.
As water was struck during the after
noon, and as the steam pump which
was put into operation this afternoon
cannot keep puce with the fast-rising
water, there is no possibility that any
of the entombed men are now alive.
This evening quicksand was encoun
tered and digging operations ceased
while new curbing and walling were
being constructed. At a lute hour to
night the force had resumed digging
! and will keep steadily at it until th"
bodies are reached.
The victims* are John Downey, a
Scotchman, aged about 30. who had a
brother in Minneapolis, Minn., and a
sister in Scotland; Robert A. Fairburn
(Or Fairbairn). who had a wife and
family in Oak Park. Sacramento; Man
uel Francisco, single, an Italian, whose
only known relative was a cousin in
Reno. _____________
Sugar Company Organized.
HOWOLUX.U, April 22,-Tlif. Kamato
Sugar Company, Limited, is the latest
sugar corporation formed here, ana Its
strck of $1,000,000 in 50,000 shares of $2')
each has all been subscribed privately.
The land consists of 10,000 acres Off virgin
soil on Molokai. of which KOO Is Immedi
ately available for sugar can.- cultivation.
The remainder is good grazing land, and
the company takes 300 head of cattle. The
property adjoins that of the American
Sugar Company, whose shares are in de
mand at 200. There is assurance of arte
sian water.
CONCERT BY STANFORD
AND BERKELEY CLUBS
Intercollegiate Event to Occur in the
Alhambra on Saturday
Evening.
STANFORD, April 28.— 0n Saturday
evening at the Alhambra Theater in San
Francisco the Stanford arid Berkeley mu
sical clubs will combine in an intercolle
giate concert, which promises to be the
biggest event of its kind in several years.
The patronesses are weli-known society
peuple of San Francisco, and there is cv
i ry Indication th;it there will be a large
and fashionable audience to greet the
clubs. The programme will consist of
about twelve numbers, each college con
tributing an equal number. As this Is th->
first time the clubs of each college have
appeared in combination the concert will
partake of something of the form of a
competition.
This will be the first intercom
event since the loss of the ax ami the
raid on Berkeley, and there is some ques
tion as to whether the musicians will te.ke
up the conflict in sung and story.
ACQUITTED OF MURDER
AND GIVEN OVATIONS
('ANTON. Ohio. April 28.— The verdict
of "not guilty" delivered to the court at
10:45 a. m. to-day which acquitted Mrs.
Anna E. George of ihe murder of George
D. Saxton was reached after a trial of
twenty-two rlays of actual sessions of
court and after twenty-two and I
quarters hours of deliberation In the Jury
room. it set at liberty the woman who
had occupied a cell n jail for
months. In less than me hour after the
verdict had been announced congratulatory
telegrams were received by -•!
from sympathetic friends in many
ters of the country. More of them
addressed to her attorneys and wer<
gratulations on the professional \;■
Inning the afternoon and this evening
Mrs. George has been cons
at receptions.
Stanford vs. Santa Clara.
STANFORD, April 28.— 0n Monday,
Dewey day, Stanford will cross bats with
Santa Clara at San Jose. The pr<
of the game will be given to charity.HUNTINGTON AND SCHWERIN EMPLOY WASHINGTON LOBBYISTS TO PROTECT
THE DISHONEST CHINESE PASSENGER TRAFFIC OF THE PACIFIC MAIL
THspatches received from Washington
last night throw a new and startling
light upon the secret causes of the dis
missal of R. E. Meredith as chief of
the Chinese Bureau of this city. Mere
dith was discharged from his posi
tion of trust for cause. The Call, in its
endeavor to remedy the glaring abuses
of the Chinese Bureau, exposed the
methods of Meredith, and to-day it will
expose the powerful corporations which
stood sponsor for Meredith in his ma
nipulations. The Chinese Bureau of
this city is the only practical barrier
on the Pacific Coast to the uninter
rupted influx of Chinese coolies to the
United States.
The officers of the bureau are ex
pected to be honest, efficient and vigi
lant. In their hands rests the vitally
important duty of enforcing the exclu
sion act and of preventing the degrad
ed laborers of the Orient from enter
ing the port of San Francisco. Mere- j
dith, the chief of the bureau, was dis- I
missed from the service of the Federal '
Government because he was found j
grossly negligent of his sworn duties.
The Call will show to-day that the j
Southern Pacific Company, C. P. Hunt- !
ington, the Pacific Mail Steamship \
Company and R. P. Schwerin were the i
pupporters and sponsors of Meredith, j
his close friends while in office and his j
persist. nt defenders while in disgrace.
The officers of the Southern Pacific
Company and of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company exercised every j
influence within their power to restore j
Meredith to his position after iv had
been discharged.
They appealed to John P. Jackson, j
Collector of th Port, and secured his
unqualified indorsement of Meredith, in
character and ability. An effort was
made at Washington to induce the Sec
retary of the Treasury to reconsider
his decision of dismissal. Paid lobby
ists of the Southern Pacific Company
and of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany were ordered to use their seduc
tive .'ins upon Federal officials at
Washington and if possible save Mere
dith from dismissal. An .appeal was
even made to President McKinley him- :
self to save from final discharge this
officer whose duty it was to keep Chi
nese out and not to let them in.
The cause of this campaign to save
.-. petty official from dismissal, the mo
tives of telegrams', letters and vehement
personal instruction. might, by a
stretch of the imagination, b,e a mys
tery. But R. P. Schwerin, the protege
and beneficiary of the bounty of C. P.
Huntingtoh"; gives the reason. The
Pacific Mail Steamship Company profits
by the illegitimate traffic in Chinese
coolies. It reaps an ill-gotten harvest
in freights and fares from coulies that
by legislative enactment are barred
from an entrance into the United
States.
Every Chinese who is brought from
China to this port and is then denied a
landing becomes a burden upon the
Pacific Mail. Every Chinese who comes
and. rightly or wrongly, is permitted
to enter is an element of profit to the
corrupt corporation that lives to make
money at whatever cost to the people
it preys upon. The Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company has been and is in
volved in an illegitimate Chinese
traffic. Any measure which Interferes
with that traffic is. to tile officers of
the Pacific Mail, an affront and a tres
pass upon their vicious rights. And
when B. E. Meredith was removed from
his position as chief of the Chinese
Bureau R. P. Schwerin wrote to C. P.
Huntington in New York:
"You must have Meredith rein
stated. His removal means a body
blow at the Chinese passenger traffic
of the Pacific Mail Company."
And C P. Huntington replied:
"I will do all I can."
And C. P. Huntington did all he could
to save the Chinese passenger traffic
of the Pacific Mail. He had advocated
Chirfse immigration before and after
the United States Government prohib
ited this terrible influx of coolies into
American territory. He had championed
the cause of degraded hordes of cheap
laborers because that cause meant
profit to him. He had used his steam
ship line as a vehicle with which to
cheat Federal laws and injure Amer
ican workingmen. When his lieutenant
pounded the alarm . C. P. Huntington
needed no second warning. He at once
communicated with his agents at
Washington.
Letters between Huntington and
Schwerin passed in quick succession.
The wires were laid and Huntington
s«»on issued his orders to David A.
Chambers, one of the paid "attorneys"
of the Southern Pacific company at
Washington. Mr. chambers was not
flow to act, and in the following dis
patch he tells what he did and how be
tried to save B. E. Meredith from the
ax of official decapitation:
"WASHINGTON, April David A.
Chambers, who is the regular Washing
ton attorney for the Southern Pacific
company in all land matters, was asked
to-day if he was interested in having
Meredith reinstated as inspector and
chief of the Chinese Bureau. He re
"Several weeks ago I received a let
ter from our people saying that Mere
dith was a good man; that he had been
highly recommended by Collector Jack
son and should be restored. I went to
see Assistant Secretary How ell, who
LUMBER COMBINE
MAY COLLAPSE
Competition Enters the Field and
Big Firms Seek to Resign.
Another local combination of lumber
dealers is in the throes of collapse.
Time after time the dealers in lumber
i.-i this city hav<- attempted to organize
for what they believed to )<>■ their besi
Interests, and each lime the effort has
been followed by failure. Competition
has been bo keen that one by one there
have bt-en defections from the combina
tions, 'md then each dealer entered the
competitive field for himself. Prices
The Dismissal of the Chief of the Chinese Bureau of This City Reveals
a Gigantic Plot of the Steamship Company to Flood
the Country With Coolies.
explained that Meredith had been
found guilty of negligence and collusion
in allowing Fong Suey Wan to escape
when Bhe should have been held as a
procuress and therefore Howell em
phatically declined to take any further
action in the case."
"By 'our people' do you refer to
Southern Pacifi< officers?" inquired The
< 'all correspondent.
"Yes," replied Mr. Chambers. "I
wrote them that nothing could be done
for Meredith."
The Treasury Department expert? J.
R. I niun tn arrive in San Francisco in
a day or- two to take charge of the
Chinese Bureau, vacated by Meredith.
tor Jackson will not have super
■ over it as reported some time
The foregoing dispatch is doubly sig
nificant. It shows that the Southern
Company and the Pacific Mail,
allied powers of corruption, are en
l in using their tremendous power
to defeat the purpose of the exclusion
act and to Hood th<> country with coolie
laborers. The dispatch shows also that
Collector Jackson will have nothing to
do with the administration of a depart
ment that has been frequently sullied
by scandal and mismanagement since
its establishment. The history of Mere
dith's regime in the Chinese Bureau,
may indicate in a measure why C.
P. Huntington and R. P. Sohwerin were
so anxious to have him retained in of
fice.
The final turning down of Meredith
and his backers, the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, collector Jackson
and other of kindred sentiment by the
Secretary of the Treasury, will be hail
ed with delight by all the friends of la
bor in the T'nited States, particularly
on the Pacific Coast, louring the period
of two years in which the affairs of t h ■
Chinese Bureau were "managed" by
Meredith and Jackson the number of
Chinese immigrants, including those
returning t<> this State, jumped to a
figure more than double that under
Wise's administration, even when Dick
Williams stood at the gates and made a
fortune for himself and his pals out of
the business of being a member of the
Chinese Bureau.
It is noteworthy that about the first
official act of Customs Collector Jack
son on assuming his office was the an
nouncement to the members of the
press that he had confirmed Mr. Wise's
appointment of R. E. Meredith as chief
of the Chinese Rureau. and it is equally
noteworthy that during the two years
of Mr. Jackson's administration of the
Chinese Bureau Mr. Schwerin and the
other officials and friends of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company felicitated
themselves when they read in the daily
papers that the number of Chinese im
migrants arriving and settling in Cali
fornia had Increased from 1700 annu
ally, which was the number under the
Wise administration, to 3500 annually
under the Jackson-Meredith adminis
tration. It is a fact equally noteworthy
that since the Secretary of the Treas
ury kicked Meredith out of office, the
business of the Chinese brokers has
fallen away to a minimum.
Certain lawyers who almost made
the bureau their home when Mr. Mere
dith was there have disappeared from
the Appraisers' building and are look
ing for Caucasian clients. Certain at
taches of other offices in the same
building who were wont to go into the
vault and examine papers in Chinese
cases every day are now conspicuous
by the rarity of their presence. The
lodgings maintained by the steamship
company in the Mail dock for
housing Chinese immigrants await
ing a landing are no longer
overcrowded, and the abuse of
keeping those unfortunate creatures
six months on the dock before being
granted a hearing has been stopped.
But it is noteworthy, also, that the
abuse was not abated by any initiatory
step taken by Jackson or his friend
Meredith. It was done at the sugges
tion of Special Agents Linck and
Smith, who, when they arrived here
and looked into the matter of the gross
mismanagement of the Chinese Bureau,
made such representations as to bring
about a general and speedy clearing up
of the Mongolian debris.
The laborers of California owe a
debt of gratitude to the firmness and
clearsightedness of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who refused to be influenced
by a great corporation and who was
too shrewd to be misled by the lies told
both here and in Washington in Mere
dith's behaif to waver for an instant
in adopting heroic measures to protect
the people of the United States from
this flood of yellow paupers coming in
through the Golden Gate at the rate of
have fallen until the necessity for or
ganization again asserted itself, and
again combinations were formed.
Some time ago the Pine Manufactur
ers' Association was formed in this
city. The organization was established
by several of the more influential firms,
and as usual the organizers overlooked
the importance of firms that were not
taken Into the compact.
These firms have been working quiet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
nearly 4000 per annum. The first of
these measures and one that brought
consternation to the coolie brokers was
the appointment of Chinese Interpreter
Hey. John Endlcott Gardiner, D. D., as
a < "hinese inspector. Gardiner was the.
last man in the world that Jackson or
Meredith wanted to see in the bureau.
Meredith had spoken in the most con
temptuous manner about him and to
him on one occasion threatening, phy
sically to kick him out of the office.
Jackson was known to have a dispar
aging opinion of the reverend gentle
man also. Inspector Lynch was equally
disliked by Meredith, and although
Lynch and Gardiner had been the two
most active and successful members of
Leading Figures in the Expose of the Pacific Mail.
Four Men Who Are Thoroughly Informed on the Traffic in Chinese From the
Orient to This Port.
the bureau, Jackson refused to appoint
either one to the head of the bureau
when the place was vacated. The cold
shoulder extended to the inspectors
namedmight be interpreted, in the ab
sence of a more plausible theory, as
an Intimation that virtue was to
be its own sweet solitary reward in
the bureau. In other words, that Gar
diner and Lynch had got themselves
disliked because they were too zealous
ia the discharge of their duties.
Hence the totally unexpected ap
pointment of Dr. Gardiner to a position
where he would be untrammeled in the
discharge of those duties with which
he had been intrusted- was a bitter dose
for the coolie ring. It also revealed the
ly but effectively and they have won
their reward in seeing the first mate
rial signs of disintegration in the ex
cluslve association. The Pine Manu
facturers' Association met a few days
ago to discuss the affairs of its mem
berg. Trouble had been brewing and
an effort was made to silence the dis
content, Outside firms had been cut
ting prices and securing trade which
the members of the association believed
beLonged to them.
At the meeting held to consider the
matter the following firms were repre
sented: Tacoma Mill Company, Pope
& Talbot, D. H. Bibb Lumber Company,
E. K. Wood Lumber Company, Renton,
Holmes & Co., E. B. Dean & Co., Bel
lingham Bay Improvement Company,
Gardiner Mill Company, Pacific Pine
Company, E. S. Slade Lumber Com
pany, Clatsop Mill Company, Grays
Harbor Commercial Company and
! Simpson Lumber Company.
Shortly after the meeting opened the
representative of the Gardiner Mill
Company asked permission of his asso
ciates to withdraw. He announced
that it was Impossible for his firm to
hold its own patrons unless prices were
seriously alarming fact that the Secre
tary of the Treasury was fully in
formed of the mismanagement of the
bureau, and that he had resolved to
put an end to it, no matter whether a
major or a general was to be displaced
thereby. The fact alsn that the ap
pointment was made without consult
ing either Jackson or Meredith, or ask
ing them for a letter of recommenda
tion, was another disagreeable element
of the episode. This was followed short
ly after by the appointment by the Sec
retary of Chinese Inspectors Tippitt
and Barbour, sent from the East to- be
come members of the bureau at San
Francisco. In the selection of these
three men the Collector and Meredith
i had no voice whatever. They had to
i accept what they received in a spirit
of resignation or indignation, which
ever suited best their official moods,
! and no vote of thanks has yet appeared
j on record for the same.
But the hardest blow of nil was the
appointment of James R. Dunn as chief
! of the bureau without previous notice
|to the Collector. More than that, the
! fact of the appointment was known to
i the Washington correspondent of Th^
\ Call and was announced in the columns
of The ("all long before Collector Jack^
: son admitted that he had heard any
j thing at all about it. These acts on the
| part of the Treasury Department are
susceptible of only one interpretation,
reduced to meet the competition which
had entered the local field through out-
Bide firms. The application of the linn.
v.as placed upon the table and then
more trouble followed. The representa
tive of the E. K. Wood Lumber Com
pany also announced the wish of his
firm to withdraw. It was evident that
the Pine Manufacturers' Asssociation
was going to pieces and some remedy,
even if it were only temporary, must be
devised.
Under the authority of a resolution
the Gardiner Company was given per
mission for two weeks to sell to its
own people at competitive rates on con
dition that the company withdrew its
resignation. The Wood Company was
i allowed to sell for the same period, at
the best rates it can command. The
other members of the association will
strive to maintain prices and wait for
results. There is a growing foar, how
ever, that the association will not he
able to withstund the serious defections
from its own ranks.
■ ♦ .
VASE AND ORNAMENT DAT.
Some articles rut 60 per cv?nt.
Some articles cut 50 jirr cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
and that is that the department has de
termined to manage the bureau from
Washington and in its own way, the
bureau to be independent of the Col
lector, and the bureau and the Collector
being a check upon the lapses and er
rors of each other. Furthermore, that
the department will not tolerate the
methods heretofore pursued in the bu
reau which permitted that office to be
made the rendezvous for Chinese brok
ers and their attorneys.
It is understood that Customs Sur
veyor Spear, who has charge of the im
migrants on the Mail dock, will be al
lowed to prevent gangs of highbinders
from visiting the immigrants and
scheming with them to secure their il-
lo^al landing in this State. It will be
remembered by The Call's readers that
about the middle of last September Sur
v< yor Spear issued an order to the cus
toms inspectors at the gate that no
pt rmi f to visit the Chinese on board
the ?teamer or on the dock should bo
recognized unless countersigned by
himself. This action was taken by the
Surveyor in crder to stop a grave abuse
of the visiting privilege, whereby the
efforts of honest officials to prevent the
Illegal importation or coolies \<\-,s
thwarted. For instance Mr. Spear came
into possession of passes issued by
Meredith for four persons to visit one
immigrant — two white men and two
Chinamen. When Collector Jackson's
DECLARE THAT THEIR
SISTER IS INSANE
STRANGE ACTION AGAINST
MISS MARY DEFFEBACH.
Friends of Miss Mary Matilda Deffebaeh
i think thoy see in a recent application for
■ guardianship over her an attempt to rail
road her to an asylum for the insane. The
application was made by Michael Flood,
who was joined by the brother and sis
t< is of the young woman.
Dr. J. F. Twist is the trustee of her
property, and according to her friends has
administered it carefully ami successfully.
: It consists of 110 acres of land in Mill Val
ley, near Millwood station. It" properly
i handled it is claimed that it will be worth
$75,000 in time.
The only allegation in the complaint
against Miss Deffebach is that she author
ized the Bale of sum? property that her
relatives thought should be held for a
higher price. The property was sold to
satisfy a pressing mortgage. The com
plalnt against her will be heard by Judge-
Hebbard on May 2. Durst. Stevens and
Knight are attorneys for Miss Deffebach.
■ m ■
Railroad Officials Sightseeing.
Sir William Van Home and the party
accompanying him are being extensively
attention was called to the matter he
said that the permit was proper,, the
four persons being no doubt the white
lawyer, the Chinese client, the Chinese
interpreter and a white photographer.
On the very next day Mr. Jackson is
sued an order proclaiming: that no per
mits should be recognized, except such
as bore the signature of Meredith, thus
nullifying the order issued by Mr. Spear
and leaving the management of the de
tained Chinese in the hands of Mere
dith. When the Collector was asked
why he had practically revoked the or
der issued by Mr. Spear he replied that
he, tho Collector, was the person des
ignated by law to handle the Chinese,
and that Spear had no authority in the
premises. Yet it is the fact that Mr.
Spear always has had custody of the
Chinese at the Mail dock by virtue of
his official position and still exercises
the function of jailer.
It is understood that under the now
method of conducting the bureau, a
Chinese interpreter in the service of the
Government will be present at every in
terview with a Chinese immigrant seek
ing to land and that highbinders and
coolie brokers v' ' be no lunger al
lowed to ply their nefarious avocation
under the noses of the Federal officials.
Mr. Spear, who is responsible for the
safe keeping of the Chinese prisoners
at the Mail dock, will be allowed to take
such measures as he may deem neces
sary to insure their detention until le
gally landed.
Much good will be accomplished by
the new mode of enforcing the exclu
sion act. The head of the bureau will
no longer be the creature of the Collec
tor, and will be therefore more inde- I
pendent in the performance of his du
ties. He will be directly responsible to
the Secretary of the Treasury for wh it
ever mistakes he may make, and th^re
will be no collectors and ex-collectors
t.p intercede fur him and furnish cer
tificates of character to save him from
the departmental wrath. He must
stand upon his own feet, and his char
acter must speak, not through hear
say certificates, but through his official |
acts. The trouble with Meredith has
been that his certificates of character
don't dovetail with his official mistakes
which, unfortunately for him, if they
were mistakes, were on the wrong side.
They were invariably on the side- of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company and
the slave dealers and against the in
terests of the exclusion act and the
Government. No merchant will keep a
clerk who makes mistakes in giving
change against his employer or who
doles out good coins for counterfeit.
Again, if, after Mr. Jackson shall j
have retired from office to rest upon
such laurels as he may have won, a
bad man, working in the interest of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
should receive the appointment as Col
lector of the Port, the head of the Chi
nese Bureau will be an eye of the Gov
ernment glaring upon him. If he al
lows a chinaman to enter without be
ing entitled to the privilege, the China
man will be arrested and the act of the
Collector will be reviewed by the bu
reau and the court. Thus there will
be an effectual check upon the Collec
tor; and on the other hand, if the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company shall
foist into the bureau another Meredith,
the Collector may act as a check upon
the chief, and may take such measures
as may be calculated to expose and
punish fraud or criminal mistakes.
Consistently with their past record of
mendacity and low cunning, Meredith
and his backers have made use of mis
representation and prevarication in
their unsuccessful and shameless effort
to have him reinstated into his old po
sition as chief of the Chinese Bureau.
They have circulated a report that he
was dismissed, not because of any neg
lect of duty, but because he used in
sulting language to a reporter of The
Call and to Dr. Gardiner. They argued
both orally and on paper (from the of
fice of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany) that his offense arose from great
provocation and that, after all, all that
he was guilty of was giving way to his
temper. He was not dismissed because
Fong Suey Wan escaped, they said, and
the assertion that her escape was the
cause of his dismissal they declared to
be an oral slander and a printed libel.
A letter written by Collector Jackson
and exhibited by Meredith's friends is
so worded as to befog the subject. The
circulation of such false statements is
not calculated to do the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company any good, for the
Secretary of the Treasury knows why
Meredith was let go. In order to set
the matter right, it is necessary to re
capitulate briefly the nature of the in
vestigation which resulted in the re
entertained during their visit to this city.
Yesterday Sir "William Van Home, W. D.
Mathews (director In the Canadian Pacific
Railway Company), Hon. R. M Wells
(counsel) and Dr. J. P. Roddick (consult
in.'; surgeon of the road) left the Palace
in a four-in-hand and were driven through
the city and shown tne principal points
of interest, with which they expressed
themselves as highly pleased
In the Wasp.
"Comedy Without a Comedian" is the
subject of the Wasp's theatrical criticism
this week. Overcapitalized Hawaiian
stocks of the mushroom variety, which
have been put on the market quite recent
ly, are commented on in the Wasp's char
acteristic style. The Wasp's puzzle pic
tures for tax-payers are calculated to
make property owners thoughtful and
City Hall employes anything but cheer
ful. The Wasp's cartoons and photo-en
gravings are admirable this week.
Wanted to Go to Manila.
James Holmes, a bright boy. 13 years |
of age, was found wandering around the ;
water front early yesterday morning by I
Policeman Bailey. He interrogated the 1
boy and ascertained that he came from i
Buffalo, N. V.. with Company H of the |
Thirteenth Infantry and was going with I
them to Manila, but the transport sailed j
without him. He was hungry, and after
Bailey had fed him he sent him to the J
cent upheaval in the bureau for the
good of the service.
An exposition was held last summer
in Omaha and among the concessions
was one of the Mcc Lee Village Asso
ciation, a Chinese company, which re
produced a Chinese village on the
grounds and gave theatrical and acro
batic entertainments. About five hun
dred men and women of more or less—
generally — virtue were imported
from China to take part in the village
show, and they were admitted under a
special privilege granted by the United
States, under the terms of which the
actors, acrobats, shopkeepers and at
tendants were to return to ■ China at
the expiration of three months' after
the close of the exposition. It was
found that before the exposition closed
about 200 women, mostly of the boat
men's class, had left Omaha and had
gone to reside in different cities in the
Union, San Francisco getting the most
of them. This becoming known, the
Government ordered Major Moore to or
ganize a raid upon the Chinatown
bagnios in this city for the purpose of
arresting and deporting the # runaways.
Collector Jackson detailed a large force
of customs inspectors to assist in the
raid, but for some reason never made
public the police were informed of the
contemplated movement and were sta
tioned in the houses to be raided, where
they were found a half-hour later by
the Federal posse in full possession
and the whole of Chinatown advised of
what was going on. The Federal posse
were detained at the Custom-house
awaiting the order of Jackson to start.
Notwithstanding the publicity given to
the affair about twenty-seven women
without certificates were captured.
Among the number taken to the Pres
byterian Chinese Mission on Sacra
mento street was a middle-aged woman
named Fong Suey Wan, a notorious
procuress of considerable wealth and
the wife of the partner of Little Pete,
a noted Chinese boss and slave dealer,
lately deceased by the grace of a high
binder's bullet in a Chinatown barber
shop.
When the women were being ques
tioned at the mission Miss Cameron,
the matron, recognized the procuress
and informed Meredith of her identity.
Meredith ordered her to be detained
notwithstanding that her certificate in
due form was then being presented for
inspection. Nothing further was done
by Meredith to hojd the woman. He
filed no complaint against her, he did
not even inform the United States Mar
shal, the District Attorney or any one
else in authority that he proposed to
place any charge against her. On the
next day after her arrest Arthur Lotto,
a reporter, warned Meredith that the
woman would be discharged on pre
sentation of her certificate before Court
Commissioner Heacock if Meredith did
not file a complaint charging her with
being a procuress. Meredith replied
that it was "all right," he was getting
up "a great case" against her. On the
next morning the woman was taken
before Commissioner Heacock, on the
same floor as the Chinese Bureau and
about seventy-five feet distant, and her
certificate being produced, the court
stated that he would recommend her
discharge, there being no complaint ac
cusing her of any offense. She was then
taken to the office of the United States
Marshal, directly underneath the office
of the Chinese Bureau, and kept there
until 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when
she was brought before United States
District Judge de Haven and dis
charged. Then she disappeared.
Meredith could offer no reasonable
explanation as to why he had allowed
the woman to escape, and public
clamor was raised, the episode savor
ing too strongly of corruption to be
passed by in silence. Special Agent
Moore, in pursuance of instructions
from Washington, made an investiga
tion, examining witnesses and taking
affidavits of all parties concerned. He
sent his report to Washington, and
about the time that the department
was looking into the report ex-Collector
Wise appeared in Washington and told
the Treasury people and the newspaper
correspondents a fairy story to the
effect that the woman was allowed to
ge because Major Moore and Miss
Cameron had asked that Fong Suey be
allowed to return to China.
As a matter of justice to Mr. Wise it
must be said that he knew nothing of
the case of his own knowledge, as all
his information had been derived from
Meredith and his friends. Then charges
were filed against Special Agent Moore
for making an assault upon a woman
employed in his office as typewriter,
and the Secretary of the Treasury, in
view of Moore's disgrace, sent Moore's
report back to this city to be verified
by Special Agents Linck and Smith.
The witnesses were re-examined and
the Fong Suey Wan report was sent
on to Washington once more. It was
upon this report, which dealt with the
Fong Suey Wan incident alone, that
Meredith was dismissed.
Subsequently the special agents sent
a supplemental report to Washington
in connection with the matter of Mere
dith having used abusive language to
Dr. Gardiner and a reporter of The
Call, but before it had reached the Sec
retary of the Treasury Meredith had
been dismissed from the service.
That is why Meredith's application
for reinstatement was found to have
no force, for he utterly failed to show
that he was innocent of the charge of
having allowed the noted procuress to
walk out of his hands.
Harbor station. Bailey took the boy to
Chief I,ees, and later the Chief wit
his father, who lives at 142 Rhode Island
street Buffalo. Meantime the boy will be
kept in the City Prison as a lodger.
Estates in Probate.
The will of Arthur A. Hopper of the
firm of Hooper & Jennings, who died
August 5, VBSSi leaving an estate of un
known value, was filed for probate yester
day. The entire estate is devised to
Martha S. Hooper, mother of the testa
tor.
The will of Peter J. Canavan, who
died a few days ago. was also tiled. De
cedent bequeaths his personal property to
Annie Smith and his real property in equal
shares to his three Bisters— Julia, Mary
and Kate Canavan.
Columbia Council's Ball.
On Tuesday evening next Columbia
Council No. 55, Y. M. L, will give an en
tertainment and ball in Pioneer Hall. The
following excellent programme has been
arranged for the evening's pleasure:
Overture Hynes' Orchestra; remarks. Presi
dent Thomas F. Harney; tenor solo, W. J.
O'Brien: recitation. J. R. Bookman; soprano
solo. Miss C. Stanley: banjo, iluet. Arthur
Black and William McCrory; barytone solo, B.
Georges; soprano solo, Mrs. J. Klein; the
Cadenza Mandolin Club, under the direction
of Professor J. Ixjinbardeno; fancy dances, Ar
nold Grazer.
34
SCORES OF BODIES
IN RUINS OF THE
TORNADO'S TRACK
Heartrending Scenes of Death
and Desolation in Storm-
Swept Towns.
KIRKSVILLE, Mo., April 28.— As a I
result of the tornado that swept
through the eastern portion of this city
last evening demolishing half of the
residences and other buildings two
hundred families are homeless and
and nearly fifty dead bodies and
seventy injured persons have been re
covered from the ruins. More than a i
dozen of the injured will die. Although
rescuers have been searching the ruins j
ever since the storm spent Its fury I
many are still missing and it is thought !
that a considerable number of the tin- !
fortun were consumed In the flames I
that broke out soon after the storm had j
ceased. The work of rescue continues,
but it may be days fore the total j
number of victims is known. As far I
as known the names of the dead and in
jured are as follows:
DEATH LIST.
THEODORE BRIGHAM, ex-merchant.
MRS. HENRY BILLINGTON.
A. J. OL.ASEE and wife.
MRS. W. W. GREEN.
MISS BESSIE GREEN.
MISS LENA BROWN of Moberly.
DR. W. 1.. HOWBLL.
THREE CHILDREN Henry Lowe.
MRS. JOHN MA HA FEE V SR.
MRS. BLUEPANCHOTT and baby.
SETH FEATHER, eight-year-old boy. i
MR. ELLIOTT.
MRS. WILLIAMS.
SAMUEL WEAVER, ox-contractor.
MRS. JOE WOOD.
J. A. GLAZE and wife.
J. B. LARKIN, retired merchant.
MRS. A. R. BOWMAN.
CHILD OF J. T. MAHAFFEY.
MOTHER AND A NIECE OF J. T. ,
MILLER.
DR. WIIEATON.
MRS. H. F. SHERBURHE.
MRS JOHN T. MAHAFFEY.
F. McCJ \ and wife.
MISS ORA MIL.L.AN of Woodland, Mo.
CHILD OF REV. ALBERT BURR,
MISS L. WHALEY.
MISS MARY KORAIUUGH.
MRS. LOU MITCHELL.
HARRY MITCHELL.
J. K. ANDERSON.
DR. BILLINGS.
JAMES CUNNINGHAM.
DREW BOWMAN.
MRS. ELLIOTT.
■ . is.
MRS. C. AVIS.
MRS. HEAMAN.
MRS ANNA MILLER,
JOHN C. WEAVER.
JOSEPH WOODS.
MRS. WOODS.
The severely Injured wer#: Miss Delia Whit-*,
Mrs. Teck. fatal; ("al Little's niece, fatal; W.
It. Park, Mr?. Theodore Hrigham, legs and j
chest crushed; Robert MJllay, Mtss Weaver, j
Mrs. OUput, Miss Moss, fatal, broken back; j
John B. Kirk and wife, Mrs. Forbes. Mrs. D.
1). Feathers, Klmer L. Dennlson and wife,
Harry Mitchell, Mrs; Lou Mitchell; lee: broken; I
Cal Little i>n.] wife, serious; Herman K. Sher
burne, head injured; O. H. Beeman's child.
Mrs. P. Hill, les broken and otherwise crushed;
John Condon, slight; Oscar Incr.ld and mother,
Mr*. W. B. Howell and child, dangerous; Nor
man Yankee of Mrs. \V. H. Vincent,
Mrs. Ella Weaver, both l*-ps broken: Daniel
MrGonlgle, John J. Maha£fey*B daughter, Ben
McOowan'a dnughter, T. J. Miller and whole
family Injured, Mrs. W. H. I'hllllps. serious;
Mrs. Munson, V. Brlgham,' serious; Stella
Weaver, Joe Weaver, George Weaver, Ella
■weaver, ir a Homljue, H. E. Myers, Miss
CUPP, K. K. AflhfOrd, J. W. llrwn. Mrs. Lulu
Byrnee, M. Schney and wife, Mrs. <icni.
Thorns Dinsmore and wife, Mis-s Wheeler
ImuKlas, Charles Douglaa an,! sons. Mrs. J. B.
Hobson. J. D. Kirk. Willie KelloK.er, Holtis Kel
logg, C. KellosrK. Mrs. Oliphant, Mr. and Mrs.
Peck, Mrs. l»r. Unwell. Mrs. Mary I >rabaugh,
Mr« Kowe and daughter, D S. K. Kragf P.
B. Warren. Mrs. O. Miller and child, It*. N.
Johnson, Mrs. Sarah Reaper, Miss Belle Ma
hafTey, M. Bchdonfleld and wife, Albert Whaley,
Mr?. M. F. Hernon.
The tornado struck the city last evening
when most of the residents were at sup
ppr, cutting a clean path one mile long j
and COO feet wide through the residence
section and leaving death and destruction
in its wake. Buildings were demolished
or twisted apart and scattered to the four
wind: A conservative estimate places
the aggregate amount of damage at $200,
--fv>o the individual losses ranging from
Jl'iu to $8000.
The wind played many pranks and there
were some miraculous escapes. J. T.
Coonfield and his family were eating sup
per when the tornado struck their home.
The house was picked up and carried
across a slough and dumped up against
a hill. The building was not completely
wrecked, and the family escaped without
anything worse than a severe shaking up.
Houses on both sides of the residence of
W. M. Hull were blown into splinters,
but the wind was content with twisting
his house off its foundation and leaving
it Intact. The house was in the center of
the district, and it was used as a hospital
after the inn.
P. J. Rleger, a prominent attorney, ran
right into the path of the storm to save
his family, who were helpless with fear.
Dashing into the house, he carried his
■wife and children into the cellar. As he
stumbled into the place of safety the
building was leveled to the ground. He
was just in tin to save his loved ones
and is happy, although his loss by the
cyclone amounts to J3OOO.
Among the first of the buildings wrecked
was the $10,000 residence of Mrs. Hensley,
iii the southeastern part of the city. Not
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/^^*-\ "What Head-
/^j^A- .^^ eches Hean."
J^V/i^Sr-^^ 7 The dreadful
§«Mlr* -ili-vJ^" / headaches
%/mi V llraP' y wh ' c ' a women
TJ/^V \>^ suffer mean
'jjWMFx \ N-v\ nineteen times
S~^T*\\ \ I \ out of twenty
( If^\ \ V -'o\ that there is
\\ \ V'" 1 XC-| more trouble
S^^""---^,^-^ - s \-'^ than headache.
*3te*?3>r^ - ' >?* Th ere is prob-
/K t x?s&%s&!& i -i%, I ably some un
iv'M^TSjsT '. -- I healthy condi-
WfVV^fh »-=" tion of the del "
i«r%> icate organism
'.',■; of womanhood
and often added to this the digestive func-
tions are out of order;. these two conditions
cause nearly all the headaches from which
women suffer.
There are two great remedies specially
adapted to these ailments inventea by the
chief consulting physician of the famous
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute of
Buffalo, N. V., Dr. R. V. Pierce. His
world-renowned "Favorite . Prescription "
is the most successful ' medicine ever
known for the cure of distinctly feminine
ailments and his "Golden Medical Discov-
ery" is the one supremely effective cure
for digestive difficulties.
Taken in conjunction they completely
rejuvenate the nervous system of weak
and debilitated women; giving health,
strength and capacity to the nerve-centers;
renewed power to the blood-making glands
and energetic force to the entire body.
A lady living in Coshocton Co., Ohio, Mrs. W.
T. Stanton. of Btissfield, writes: " I had female
weakness very bad for nearly three years. Had
dragging down pains In and above my hips and
such dreadful pains in the back and top of my
head (just as though someone was lifting me by
the hair). Had no ambition, would try to work
a few days then would have to lie in bed for a
long time. No tongue can express the suffering
I endured. I had much pain at monthly pe-
riods. 1 doctored most of the time with as good
a physician as there is in the state, but had no
ease only when I was quiet and off my feet and
then I had more or leas pain in my head. When
I began taking Dr. Pierce* medicines I weighed
102 pounds, and was very pale and weak. I look
twelve bottles of the 'Favorite Prescription !
and seven of the ' Golden Medical Discovery.'
Now I feel like a different person. Have no
pain in my head,, can do all !my work for self,
husband and one child; am gaining in flesh, i
feel it is through God's mercy and your wonder-
ful medicines that I am cured."
Where constipated conditions exist Dr.
Pierces mild and agreeable " Pleasant Pel-
lets " should be occasionally used in con-
nection with the "prescription^ 1
a vestige of it is left. The Catholic i
Church, a fine brick structure in the east
ern part, was unroofed and otherwise
damaged. The dwelling of Judge Andrew |
Ellison, in the same locality, was stripped ■
of Its second story. He and his family
and John Dogheny took refuge in the
cellar and were saved. The residence of
H. Lowell, just outside of town, was <
twisted Into a heap of ruins and three of
his children killed and burned In the j
.!• bris. Other large residences were lifted :
from their foundations and literally torn
Into kindling wood.
For a time the people in that portion of
the town not touched by the storm were
stricken, but as soon as they recov- 1
■red their wits they immediately went to
the aid of their unfortunate townsmen.
'alls were sent to surrounding towns and
were quickly responded to. The wounded
were carried to the homes of hospitable
people in the neighborhood. Twenty-five
doctors from Moberly, Macon and other '
points along the line of the Wabash rail- :
road came to Kirksville last night in re
sponse to urgent calls for medical assist
ance. The visiting doctors co-operated
with the local physicians and the work of
caring for the wounded was expedited.
Hundreds of persons visited tue stricken '
district ot-day and a large number of 1
=ightseers came from neighboring towns.
The special officers would not allow any '
one without authority to go through the
ruined district. Kirksville streets have
l>een hub deep in mud ever since the first '
-pring shower, and the rain that followed
the tornado has made them impassable
for wagon?. This state of affairs hinders
ihr> work of gathering the dead and makes
the compilation of the great list of victims
Impossible for the time being. All busi
ness has been enued, and the only j
stores open for business are those dealing |
in drugs.
The scenes of the rescuers were horri- |
fying. An aged man and his wife :
had evidently been eating L.eir evening
meal when the cyclone struck and carried
their home away. They had clasped each
other in their arms and were found dead j
i>n the ground some distance away from '
where their home had been. No trace of
their house has been seen. Several of the i
dead were found in spots which would I
have been the center of the house had the
building not been blown to splinters. This
was the case with Mrs. Panscnott, who ■
suffered a most terrible death. Her head
l< ss body, with its arms clasping her life- |
less baby, was discovered on the floor of
tho house, which was left as a razed plat- ,
form in an open field. The head was as !
nicely severed as if it had been done with
a knife and was about twenty feet dis
tant. Two children had been lying in a
cot in one of the destroyed homes.
The house was carried away, but the
floor of the first story and the founda
tion were left, the wind lifting the house
from the sills and tumbling it a long dis
tance. The cot on which the little ones
lay was lifted up with them on it and
carried fully a block and a half and set
down on the ground. Neither of the chil
dren was hurt. Along the railroad track
between tho depot and lloggs Crossing,
a distance of a half mile, was a mas of
debris. The wrecks of many homes were
scattered along there and tho trees v.- re
tilled with hodclothing and other house
hold goods.
Mayor Noonan, assisted by a number of
citizen opened an Intelligence bureau at
noon. Messengers were sent through the
stricken district in search of persons who
were known to have resided in that sec
tion of the town. Every citizen ma it
his duty to report at the bureau of in
formation all cases of death, injury and
of persons missing. In this way some
little degree of order was brought out of
chaos. - •
At 2 o'clock it was said at headquar- j
ters that the Injured so far numbered
seventy-four, with about a dozen cases !
which arc sure to result fatally. This list \
is not complete, however.
There are two undertakers in Kirks
ville. and together they had all they
could do taking care of the dead. A
meeting of citizens, at which the Mayor
presided, was held this afternoon at "the
opera-house. Committees were appointed
to systematize the work of clearing away
the debris, and finding shelter for the
homeless ones and raising funds for their
temporary care. The i are at least 1000
homeless people in Kirksville to-night.
The freaks of the storm were many,
but one of the strangest occurrences was
the finding of a crooning baby out in a
field far from any house. The child was
scarcely scratched. No one has called for
the baby and it has not been identified. i
Another baby was found where it had
been bruised to death by the violent wind.
This baby also has not been identified.
Among the horrors of the storm was
the finding of the corpse of a 16-year-old !
girl, with a two-by-four scantling driven
through her body. The body of a little
child was found, with the limb of a tree
sticking through its neck. A citizen was
found after the storm standing over the
body of his dead wife. The head had i
been crushed and severed from the body.
DESTRUCTION AND DEATH
IN STORM-SWEPT NEWTOWN 1
CHIL.LJCOTHE, Mo., April IS.— Scenes
of utter distress and desolation were pic- :
' to-day i:i the little mraado-swept I
burg of NeWtoWn, forty miles north on j
the St. Paul Railway. A uay of ceaseless '
h In the ruins for the Injured and
Suffering followed a night of despair and
gloom. Fifty families are homeless, there
are about fifteen dead and over thirty In- I
jured, whil If of the place is in
ruins. A complete llsi of casualties will
c known for several days. The !
known dead are:
S. DESPER, wife and three children.
L.ABAN EVANS and two daughters.
WTLLJAM BAYB6, wife and two chll
dren.
The injured:
Thr»o children Of Willinin Hayes, Kllfl X- in
A. .!. Jonea, wife an.l two children; Mrs. Mary
ry amd ilaiiKiHer. .Mrs. JYir." an<l sister
Mrs. Flagg, Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. Tlmsey Pave i
:■!. wife and three children; Mr. Me
n and wife, Mm Quyman and wife,
Mrs. .!
The storm Btruck Newtown at 6:13 in the
evening, coming from the southwest, it
without warning and few were- able
to take advantage of their storm cellars,
striking the eastern end of town, it cut a
clean swatb GOO to 600 feel wide through
thi best portion of the place, swHf.jiin.tr
pthing before it. Over thirty houses I
\\< re torn to splinters. On oi
a row of ten houses wan entirely demol- !
Ished. Here scarcely any one escaped ■
death or injury. The walls of buildings
fell with a crash that sounded above the
nxtr of the storm, burying people In the
ruins. Frame buildings were twisted and
lifted from their foundations, others were
utterly demolished, pieces of them being
carried for miles. Others shifted in their]
position, apparently unhurt; one was
turned squarely around, while another
uraed upside down.
Bam uel Deeper, at the appearance of the'
Mark cloud, Started with his family for
a neighboring cellar, but his house was
blown over them a? he reached the front
door. Mis two daughters were caught
with him by the Umbers and killed in
stantly. Hie wife wn 8 Seriously injured
though still alive. Mrs. William Hayes
w;!s killed while running up th.^ street
arch of shelter. The mutilated trunk
with the head missing, was found in the
street, later.
Mrs. Hayes' husband and two children
met death within a fen feet of each other
The storm lasted live minutes. When
it had ended the sun came out fur a few
minutes and Bhone brightly over a scene
of ruin, wotnen and , hildren ran shriek
ing through the streets, while men busied
themselves attempting to restore order
A thunderstorm followed and darlrness
gathered quickly. The night proved a
most dismal one Numbers of citlsena
the ruins incessantly, answering the
■if the injured from this plac< or
that, carrying the dear] to the depoi and
the wounded to places of s;:ft>ty. Houses !
of the survivors were thrown open to the
unfortunates and all possible done to allay ;
the suffering. Chlllfcoihe stnt a squad of
physicians, who materially aided the
Newtown rescuers.
All Salaries Advanced.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. April 38.— Five
thousand employes of the Tennessee Iron
and Railway Company were given notice
to-day that on May 1 their salaries would
be advanced. 10 per cent.
THE SAN FBAttCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1890.
MYSTERY OF STARR'S
FATE IS NOT SOLVED
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— Four
days have elapsed since Hillary
S. Starr, the young superinten
dent of the Oak Knoll ranch,
near Pasadena, suddenly disap
peared, under circumstances strongly
pointing to murder. Up to a late hour
to-night no solution of the tragical
mystery has been found, although offi
cers have continued the search and
have investigated every clev.\
Wilson Lako, the historic body of
\ water at the base of the old Mission
Mill, has been thoroughly dragged for
1 the body of the missing man, but noth
| ing was found that would lead to the
' conclusion that his captors or abduct
i ors had attempted to conceal the crime
: by throwing Starr's body Into the lake.
1 While the public belief In Pasadena
still leans to the theory of murder and
i robbery, there are those, including
; some officers, who incline to the opinion
\ that Starr may have taken this sen
| sational method to voluntarily disap
pear from his home.
As Stan- is admitted to have
possessed a gloomy disposition, he may
| have wandered away while temporarily
insane, but his friends contend that his
■ family relations were of the best, and
j that Starr would hardly smash his own
lantern and have a buggy concealed In
j the. woods and use it to spirit himself
away.
Where Superintendent Starr Was Last Seen.
The presence of blood near the lan
tern in the pump house has been ex
plained by the fact that one of the
bloodhounds used to track tho foot
prints cut his foot on the glass of the
broken lantern. Mrs. Starr, who lives
on the ranch, and who is being cared
for by the Maccabees, has been inter
ANCIENT BED OF
KLONDIKE RIVER
Bench Claims Yield Big
Returns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April John Galbralth of
' Sturgis, S. D., who returned to-day from
i Dawson, was one of the most fortunate
i prospectors who went to the Klondike
I last year. He brought out $60,000 In
drafts, over $1600 In cash and several
pounds of nuggets, which represent the
net proceeds of his single bench claim
! during the past year.
Galbraith started north a year ago, ac
| companied by J. C. Brown of Montana.
i They reached Dawson In May. After rest
! Ing for a few days they started to pros
pect. Ten miles out they spent the night
at a cabin. The next morning they com
menced panning gravel on the hillside
above them. Coarse colors were found
In each pan, and they decided to ' sink
holes at a place where 20 cents to the pan
was realized. Each took up a claim, Gal
bralth getting a Discovery claim of 250 by
1000 feet. a stampede followed their re
cording and the hillsides were staked for
miles. Galbraith ran a tunnel, which is
In ISO feet.
As they progressed inward the frozen
gravel became richer, indicating they
had struck the ancient bed of Klondike
River. Galbralth's tunnel has produced
over $100,000 in gold. He employs twelve
men. This, together ■ with the royalty,
1 cost of wood and other expenses, reduced
, his net proceeds to $63,000. The unwashed
gravel now taken out will yield $25,000 at
the June clean-up. Galbraith estimates
the gold-bearing value of his claim at
$1,500,000.
Brown has remained to look after their
1 interests. His claim is producing almost
I equally well. Galbraith's claim has made
! the best record as a producer of any
I bench claim.
The shooting of a Katha Indian named
John by his hunting companion, Alexan-
I der, last month caused excitement among
the Dawson Indians. Alexander was trail
ing moose when he noticed a movement
In the bushes and fired, thinking an ani
mal was coming toward him. The bullet
pierced both of John's lungs and he died
immediately. Rev. Mr. Totty, a mission
ary, saved Alexander from arrest.
Two Circle City miners recently fought
a duel over a pretty dressmaker. The
principals were named Thompson and
Sullivan. One man had a revolver and '
the other a knife. Sullivan loved Annie
Blank and was visiting at her cabin.
Thompson came along and demanded ad
mittance. When refused he started to
break down the door. Doors being expen- !
sive at Circle City Sullivan decided it was I
I cheaper to open the door and stab Thomp-
I son. He undid the fastenings and plunged
: his long dirk knife into Thompson's lung.
The latter drew his revolver and shot
Sullivan through the body. Both were
expected to die.
Sophomores Name an Editor.
STANFORD, April 28.— The sophomores |
to-day elected H. L. Langnecker of New '
Brighton, Pa,, as editor iv chief of their I
annual- •• - / ''T^^^^~J
Residence of the Missing Superintendent of Oak
Knoll Ranch.
viewed, but she advances no theory or
solution for her husband's disappear
ance. A private detective has been em
ployed by friends of the family to hunt
for the missing man, and it is stated
that he will confine his search to some
clows in the Immediate vicinity of
Pasadena and the ranch.
WILL FILL A SAN
FRANCISCO PULPIT
Dr. Garrett Coming
From Portland.
F;>ec!al Dispatch to The Call,
PORTLAND, Or., April 28.— RoV. David
Clayborne Garrett, reotor of Trinity Epls- j
copal Church of this city, has accepted
the rail from St. Luke's Bptßcopal I
Church of Run Francisco. At a meeting
of the vestry of Trinity Church tills aft'-r
--nonn Dr. Garrett formally tendered his \
resignation, tn take effect on September j
1. About two months rko the call from ;
flt. Luke'B was extended to Dr. Garret t, |
but he decided he could not leave the
work which he had entered upon here.
After further deliberation and the adjust- j
ment of church affairs here he decided to j
accept the call from San Francisco.
Mr. Garrett was born in Burlington,
In w.i. on December 23. 1857. He was edu
cate,! in the public schools of Burlington,
Griswold College at Davenport and Har
vard University, where he received the
degree of A. I?. In W2. In ISS3 he was or
dalned rector of Trinity Church, Daven
port, where be served for Beven years;
until 1890, during which time hf> aided in!
building up the parish from a small con
ition to a larpe and flourishing
church, clearing off all indebtedness,
erecting- a rectory and doubling the num
ber nf -communicants. In 1890 he was
c.""ii< (i to Seattle, whore he duplicated
Ills work in Davenport. While changes j
occurred In the pastorate of very church j
In Seattle, Mr. Garrett* remained through
all the "hard" times, declining numerous
calls to larger parishes. After three years
he was railed to go back to his old par
ish in Davenport and also to Christ
Church Cathedral, New Orleans.
In ISM he was elected rector of Trinity
Church, Portland, but felt it his duty to ,
decline. The next spring, through his |
efforts, the handsome new St. Mark's i
Church was built Then Trinity Church
of this city sent a second call, having
gone a Whole year without a rector, and
Mr. Garrett came to Portland. Princi
pally through Mr. Garretfs efforts the
debt of |40(000 on the parish was virtually
raised by the issue of bonds.
Mr. Garrett was married in ISS6 to Miss
Lillian S. Elmer of. Boston, and has three
children.
SALE OF SUGAR STOCK.
HONOLULU, April What was a
well denned rumor on the arrival of
Messrs. Macfarlane. Hecht and Strassber
ger from San Francisco the first of the
week regarding the control of the Ha
waiian Sugar Company's stock to-night
assumes the appearance of actuality. j
Owing to differences among brokers in
San Francisco the option for placing the
majority of the stock in London or New
York, perhaps partly In each of those
cities, probably will be exercised next
week. H. P. Baldwin will be here then
to close the details. A strong syndicate
is organized, including Colonel Macfarlane
and Alexander & Baldwin, representing
local interests, to carry out the deal.
Makaweli. the plantation Involved, was
originally floated in London by Colonel
Macfarlane at a capitalization of $2,000,
--000, and has proved a fine investment. For
the five years since its first crop was man- !
ufactured it has yielded dividends yearly I
ranging from 12 to 23 per cent. The plan- I
tation now pays a regular monthly divi
dend of 2 per cent* i_ -■ ■ .. ..^, J
TWO LEFT FOR
SPEAKERSHIP
Contest Has Narrowed
Down.
lal Dtsp&ich to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 28.
The Speakership has been narrowed
down to Henderson of lowa mid Sher
man of New York. There is a rumor
that Senator Hanna may throw the
weight of his advice and inlluenc ■ to
a man who hails from somewhere west
of the Wabash. These appear to be the
salient features of the Speakership gos
sip of the day.
Some Representatives now in Wash
ington declare their belief thai •i.'ither
Mr. Hopkins nor Mr. Cannon will with
draw in favor of the other, nor submit
to the dictation <>f n caucus of the del* -
gation. If that attitude Is persistently
maintained it will remove Illinois as a
factor in the cas». although efforts will
be made, it is said, to keep Lhe dtlega
tion intact and cast its vote as a whole
for some other candidate.
Word is pomp around thai Senator
Hanna, who may be expected to be con
siited by his Republican frtVnd-a in the
House upon the contest Groin tin c to
time, is averse to tha ■ of an
Eastern man. It is Raid that he favors
a man from the fir West, although no
choice has been mentioned by name.
If this proves to be the case an in
teresting- battle may be ted be
tween Senator Hanna and Si nator
Platt in influencing the contest, for of
course these two great leaders will
have something to say in the outcome,
notwithstanding the general supposi
tion that th>- Hous.- settles its own
elections. Mr. Platt is generally sup
posed to be backing Mr. Sherman for
the Speakership.
It is not believed that Ohio will have
a candidate. General Grosvenor and
Mr. Burton are willing, but they ar
beincr held in leash, it is thought, to
be set loose if it is found that the can
didacy of an Ohio man is necessary to
break a deadlock.
KYTKA QUALIFIES AS
AN EXPERT ON INK
WILLOW'S, April 28.— The Murdoch:
note case has been at a standstill as re
gards evidence for the past two days, as
the attorneys have been arguing on the
admissibility of testimony. Th< defense
put a witness on the .-nv.nl Wednesday to
prove that William Murdock had plenty
of money when the $100,000 note was given.
This question has been argued for the
past two days and submitted to the
court yesterday at B o'clock. This morn
ing Judge I'irkey sustained the objection
which shuts out all such < vidence.
The defense then called Ames, the hand
writing • •xpvrt. The affidavit of Samuel
Murdock, which was signed before Jus
tire of the Peace Klrkpatrick In 1878 was
shown to Ames and i, ( attempted to
prove that the affidavit was made years
later than 1878. Under cross-examination
Ames said he could not tell the age of
the document by its appearance. It was
not written within the past month, but
might have been written within a year.
Expert Kytka was recalled and quali
fied as an expert on ink. He was aski d
how different inks looked when photo
graphed. He had photographed the affi
davit under discussion aiid explained that
ink which had yellowed by age t"<ik On a
much darker hue. Up said the photograph
showed the ink was d'luted. Black ink
which was undiluted would appear thirty
years fmm now a perfectly solid and
even line, while in the diluted ink in the
instrument there appeared ragged lines
caused by the coloring matter n< wing
out to the edges and lodging there. There
was not a single instance in the M"i docu
ments admitted in evidence where dilut
ed ink had been used' except in the case
of the affidavit.
•
HARRY GREGG CONFESSES.
REMANDS, April 2S.— Harry Grogg,
the nine-year-old WOUld-be train-robber]
appeared before Justice Tisdale to-day!
and confessed to having placed a section •
of rail upon the track. He said he did
not expect to wreck the train. The boy
declared that Clarence Goth, aged 8 years
helped him. Goth testified against Greeji i
at the trial.
PRINCETON CHAIR
FOR CLEVELAND
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Princeton alumni and friends nf the
university who are conversant with its affairs have not waited for the
trustees to meet and act upon the recent anc/nymous gift of $100,000 to
endow a professorship of general politica in the institution, but have
settled upon former President Grover Cleveland as the occupant of the
chair. It is even said that the donor of the fund had Mr. Cleveland in
mind, and that the place has been created in order that he may be
formally attached to the university in which he has shown such a lively
interest since he last left the White House.
As the university already has a professorship of jurisprudence and
politics, which is filled by Professor Woodrow Wilson, there was some
speculation as to the purpose in creating a new chair for general poli
tics until Mr. Cleveland's name was mentioned in connection with the
place. It was explained that the new professorship would embrace in
ternational law, political science, diplomacy and the fundamental prin
ciples of government. The field to be covered will be supplementary
to that covered by Professor Wilson.
SLOANE GRANTED
ABSOLUTE DIVORCE
And His Ex-Wife Weds
Perry Belmont.
FREED WOMAN ACTS QUICKLY
AT ONCE RE-ENTERS THE SEA OF
MATRIMONY.
These Proceedings a Duplicate of
Those in Which Mrs. W. K. Van
derbilt Figured Before Mar
rying 0. H. P. Belmont.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 28.— Henry '!'•
Sloane, the well-known and wealthy
ciety man, was tv-day granted an ail
solute- divorce from his wife, Jessie A.
Sloane. The decree was handed dawn
by Justice Stover In the Supreme Court
and was based upon the report of a
referee. The name of the co-respon
dent was kept secret. The custody of
the Sloane children— Jessie, Emily and
Eleanor— was given to Mr. Sloane. He
was also accorded the right t<> marry,
and the defendant in the suit, it was
stated, should not lawfully marry again
until after the death of Mr. Sloane.
"But," the decree continued, "the re
marriage of the said parties, to this
action is not hereby prohibited."
.Mrs. Sloane is deprived of the risht
to any part in Mr. Sloane's property.
The separation of the couple was an
nounced last December.
Perry B< Imont and Mrs. Jessie A.
Sloane, the divorced wife of Henry T.
Sloane, weri married ai 8 30 to-night
at Greenwich, Conn., by the Rev. Wal
ter M. Barrows, pastor of the Second
Congregational church of thai city.
Mr. and Mrs. Belmont will go to
Washington, where they will be the
guests of Mrs. <;. li. Rowland, Mr. Jid
mont's sister, for several days. Mr.
Belmont will then take his Bride to
Kentucky to visit his stock farm.
Before loaVina; this city to-night and
at Mr. Belmont's request, the new Mrs.
Belmont conveyed her home at 9 Basi
Seventy-second street, the house that
has been recently given to her by Mr.
Sloane, and all its content* to the State
Trust Company, with instructions to
convey it back again to Mi
The property is valued at $650,000. tf
he shall refuse to accept it the trust
company is instructed to Invest the
proceeds of the sale of the house for
the benefit of ity Sloane children.
It was learned that the ref< • In the
divorce case was William L. Turner,
and that he had b< en appointed by
Justice Francis M. Sett on March 2. r ,
last. The referee held two hearings.
Mrs. Sloane did not attend either.
SUES THE SAW JOSE
BOARD OF EDUCATION
Kindergarten Teacher Declares She
Was Ousted to Make Way for
a Trustee's Wife.
KAX JO SIC. April 28.— Thl ri^ht of the |
City Board of Education to rernoi
kindergartefn teacher without cause is to
Be tested In the Superior Court. Miss
Kittle McGinley is the plaintiff, and in a
suit brought against the Board of Educa
tion, composed of M. J. Graham, K. H.
Wemple, C. S. Kenyon, T. O'Neil and R. i
J. Langford, a writ of mandate command- .
Ing the defendants to reinstate her and ,
pay $90 salary for the two months sh< has
been deprived of following her vocation
is asked for. She also wants Trustee
Graham removed from "trice.
on Augusi 20, IV'V .Miss McGinley was
elected a teach< r in the kind' rgarten de
partment and assigned to duty as first
assistant in the Sarah B. Cooper Kinder
gart< n. H( r salary waa $46 a month. The
Board of Education on November -
cided to close the kindergartens, but the :
lirsi of the year four of the schools were
Among these four were the
Sarah B. Cooper Kindergarten, but Miss:
McGinley was not placed in her "Id posi
tion.
The complaint recite? that Trustee M. i
.1 . Graham engineered the 'scheme, and
thai ins <>niy objeci in not giving plaintiff
lur position was to provide a place for his I
wife. Mrs. Ella Graham. To accomplish
this, it is charged, the board proceeded
fraudulently and Illegally.
SLEPT AT HIS POST.
SAX QUENTIN PRISON. April 2S.—
"Hank Voges," one of the peculiar
characters at the prison, who bad been
employed for several years as a guard,
was forced to resign his position to-day
by Warden Hale. Voges was formerly
the Town Marshal at Randsburg and was
imported by the warden at a tim._- wh< 11
Hale appeared to think nobody suitable
to officiate as guard unless lie were a
"gun»flghter." Voges' feats of tongue
h.avi long been the marvel of the prison.
It was only a short time ago that he
alarmed the whole prison and turned
things topsy turvy by emptying his re
volver at a dog in the belief that it was
an .. pium planter. Voges was discovered
Bleeping at his post last night and ad
mitted his fault when brought before the
warden to-day. Voges was permitted to
resiun instead Of suffering- the ignominy
of a discharge.
New National Bank.
HONOLULU, April 22.— F.^M.^ Hatch
and Cecil Brotra ore drafting the papers
for incorporation under Hawaiian laws of
the bank which is ultimately to become
the First National K:mk of Hawaii. By
Monday or Tuesday next the shares al
lotted to Hawaii of the $1,000,000 capital
stock will be opened for subscription, and
with the assurance that the entire allot
ment of $300,000 will he taken tip in forty
eighl hours. Colonel Georjr.' Vv. Btacfar
lane completed arrangements for making
the start while on his recent visit I
United States.
Honolulu's Sewer System.
HONOIjULU, April 22.— 8y to-night's
mail advertisements are ordered for pub
lication in San Francisco inviting tenders
tor tiie construction of the sewer nystem
.if Honolulu. Telegrama po forward to
New York apprising possible bidders
there of the opportunity. All material la
to be supplied to the contractors by the
Hawaiian Government.
OLD GLORY FLIES
IT BLUEFIELDS
Americans Hoist Stars
and Stripes.
SEEK FLAG'S PROTECTION
GOVERNOR TORRES ATTEMPTS
TO COLLECT DUTIES.
Checkmated by the Action of Ameri
can Citizens, He Seizes Their
Goods in the Govern
ment House.
Special I Uspat h to
NEW YORK, April 28.— A special to
the Press from Ni • contains
the following n< ws from Blueflelds un
der date of April 22:
Foi three days the American mer
chants as a measure I ctioti have
been flying the Qnit< I - Bag over
their places of business. Since April
19, all of the American firms doing
business have been closed.
ThiF morning Governor Torres,
thrnuph the Chief 'if Police, oi
at once all who were flying the United
States flag to explain why they had
the emblem of liberty. It seems
thai a former decree or proclamation
! many years ago makes it an
offense to fly "Old Glory" except on
holidays and Sundays. The merchants
Informed the chief that as a threat had
been made to seize their goods they had
. their places of business and
d the flag, believing that under its
folds they were sat.-.
Having been checkmated by the
merchants in his attempt to make a
I payment of the duties demanded.
General Torres yesterday had all the
goods and merchandise In the Govern
ment house at the bluff belonging to
those involved in the demand seized.
It has not as yel been possible to ascer
tain the amount of value in dollars of
the seizure.
The cruiser Detroit arrived and an
chored three miles off the bluff this
afternoon at l o'clock. She brought
from Greytown Joaquin Sanson, the
Nicaraguan Minister of Foreign Af
faires; Mr. Merry, United States Min
ister to Nicaragua, and Consul Sorsby.
The American officials remained
aboard the warship all nipht in con
ce, discussing the questions and
involved. They will <:ome ashore
to-morrow to meet the Nicaraguan of
■
To-day General Torres temporarily
suspended the embargo on nii.
plantations placed under the ban last
week. The laborers are allowed to cut
fruit and money for their la
bors. This is effect No. 1 of the pres
ence in port of the Detroit, others will
follow rapidly.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Volunte2rs Who Have Been Ordered
Discharged From the Service.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— 8y direction
of the Assistant Secretary of War, tele
graphic ! instructions directing the dis
charge from the service of the United
States by the commanding general, de
partment of California, of Wagoner Her
bert A. D. Lowe, Company I, First Colo
rado Infantry, are confirmed. The follow
ing enlisted men. now en route to San
Francisco, will upon arrival be discharged
the service of the United States by the
commanding general. Department of Cali
fornia: Private Samuel Pickard, Com
pany A. Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer
Infantry; Private Siegfried C. Rasmussen,
Company K. First California Volunteer
Infantry.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Jonathan A. Green,
Riverside $8; John Riley, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12. Additional—
Ross, San Jose, $10 to $12. Restoration
and reissue- Joseph McPherson (dead),
Stockton, $12. Increase— Lester E. Walker,
San Jose, $0 to $10.
Washington: Original— Martin V. Elliott,
Spokane. $6. — Charles R. Robin
son, Aberdeen, $8 to $10; Benjamin F. Era
merson. Goldendale, $6 to $8.
Oregon: Original— Joseph D. Smith,
st.m. $8.
WHAT THESE NUMBERS
II SIGNIFY
Pi IS OF
62L VAST
4 r^v IMPORTANCE.
/ \. \ v or MAT SB
/c » ?5) ■ athletic, you may
I"^ \. I / be strong, but this
\ J JS^s I / doe s not signify that
\ 8 fF^ . ,1 / such will be the
\ VA" '"*' />[ case always. The
\ v "V J strongest constitution
Wj *>--^ » must give way soon-
_ / _ er or later. The
6 6 blood— the fluid ot
life— must carry the
\ I 1/ elements necessary to
\ // build up the tissues
\ 1 / // of the body. It must
\' / not only do this, but
) I it must carry the
i .<- / waste matter of the
; fir «J body as well, an<l
■-. J discharge it through
\> 77/ the Proper channels.
J \ ' '/ It certain organs, the
I \ I liver or kidneys, for
\ I Instance, become slug-
\i"* > \^. Rish - or Inactive, this
1?V~ "" * waste matter Is not
•JJ »-»V-^ eliminated as it
should be. The blood
becomes overcharged
with impurities, gathers force In the weakest
np.its, and so disense and suffering must en-
su~. Take into consideration —
Ivreumatism and heart* trouble— those two
diseases that are so often associated, and
from which few adults are entirely free It
is the foreign elements in the blood— the acids
that INFLiAMK th.- muscles and joints— that
destroy the heart structure, that cause the
Fovere ■ aim and aches.
HL'DYAX— That great remedy for the blood
-that great remedy that will purify the blood
Will correct this evil. It will counteract and
remove all poisons from the blood.
Do you suffer with headaches, vertigo dizzy
spells (Fig. 1), coated tongue (Fig -.2) pal-
pitation or pain over region of heart (Fig 4)
pain in shoulders (Fig. 3). pain in arms (Fig
6), pain In hips (Fig. 6), pain in legs (Fig 7)'
Die. HUDTAN will relieve you. - heart troul
Die. HIjDIAN will relieve you. It will nnt
only relieve you, but it will cure you
skin you have pimples or , eruptions on the
von'hiv/Th have a muddy complexion if
you have that tired and worn-out feeline
then your blood is out of order. HUDYAN h
not equaled by any other known remedy In
wni i r^ y«u C r tS boT. n s ffi^SSJ
11^- ™« WSW?"S.
: i n v\x''' 111 " offices J nd see the evidence of
HUpYAN 5 cures. There is no evidence *o
by°HUDYAN.° f Pe ° P ' e Wh ° have been cured
r,,^F r)YAN will . cure any disorder due to im-
pure or contaminated blood. Disease gerrM
rt^rl'^ 1 ,?, mult ' Ply in the blood undfrnr-
dinarj conditions are destroyed and eliminated
from the system by HUDYAN. HUDYAN i"
nature's own remedy for overcoming disease.
wlo D AN cures all Stomach, Liver, Kidney.
Heart Nervous and Blood Diseases. Its cura-
««,;•» n cn «f Is thorough and reaches every
nerve and fiber In the human system.
™,iJ ;i 2 VAN ! 9 for sale b y drugglsts-50c a.
package or six packages for J2 50
If . your druggist does not keep HUDYA.V
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Francisco Ca?' EUI3 &nd Market Greets, Saa
You Have the Privilege of Consulting
the Hudyan Doctors About Your Casa ,
Free of Charge. Call or Write.SHARP BETTING
ON A MAIDEN
TWO-YEAR-OLD
L. B. McWhirter First
at 50 to 1.
PYTHIA ANOTHER GOOD THING
GOVERNOR SHEEHAN SCORED
AGAIN ON TWO LEGS.
Three Beaten Choices at Oakland.
Slow Track and Fair Attendance.
Pat Morrissey Galloped In.
Heigh-Ho Also Won.
The muchly touted two-year-old Louis
18. McWhirter stepped up to the plate
again at Oakland yesterday and knocked
out a three-bagger. The imp. Brutus
youngster had been a disappointment in
former races. With the distance stretched
out to five furlongs it was quite another
thing, inn sat astride his back, and the
ring started in by laying 50 to 1 against
him. It was rubbed later to 25. Away
seventh, Hahn had reached third
position In the stretch, and gradually
moved up, beating out Pythia another
good thing, played from 10 clown to t>. a
length in 1:03 flat. Wlnyah, the favorite,
ran unplaced
The track was slow, which accounted
for the poor time made. Three favorites
were successful.
Aluminum, a 7 to 5 favorite in the bet- j
ting, took the opening six furlong selling j
run without great effort from Defender.
Jerilderio, the second ■:!•■!.'. . lacked
speed when it was most needed.
It Is taid that Don Gara is a "dope
horse." If this is true, then he was sent
to the post uncharged in the sprint that '
followed. Receding from 6 to 5 to •i to 1,
Piggott was unable to make him run a j
yard. Governor Sheehan, played from 6 i
to 4, lasted long enough to down Paul i
Kruger, a :» to 1 shot, half a length.
The third number, also ,i sprint over
the Futurity course, was only a canter
for the favorite. Socialist, ridden by Jen
kins. Bessie Lee led Flora Hawk over
the mark for second place.
Many played Daisy F to defeat the fa
vorite. Pat Morrlssey, in the seven furlong
soiling affair, but the mare failed to make '
the priding gallop. Seven to 10 was once
obtainable about the gelding, which mad© !
all the running, and won easing up.
The concluding six furlong dash was
about the most open betting race of the
day, resulting in Prompto and Tony ;
I.icalzi closing equal choices in the bet
ing. When the barrier was released Jack
Ward, on Heigh Ho. sailed away in the
lead and at the .wire led Prompto out a
l*cad
Track Notes.
John Given?, the trainer of Don Gara.
whs notified by the judges that. the
horse should start again within a few '
days and make a good showing some pun- ,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Friday. April 28. 18D9.— Eighty-second
day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track slow.
.i \ Mi RPHT, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
Ift All FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
*"U"*l*\J» ,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.'st.
4m.
ttm.
ttm.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. CI.
1028 Aluminum, 4 92 3
l'>3s Defender, 5 52 2
1011 Jerilderio. 5 90 5
1026 Magnus. 4....' 92 1
941 Nuncomar, 0 92 9
1010 Santa Lucia. 5 90 8
... Dennis, a . 99 6
929 Terra Archer, a.... 93 4
99.8 Mischief. 4 95i 7
653 Mercutio. 5 11?.] »
2 1
1 h
4 2
• •
7 h
3 4
5 3
'
6 2
!2 3
1 h
3 1
5 12
6 *-,
4 4
8h
9
7 1
1 1
2 1
3 3
4 4
6 4
5 1
9
8 6
7 1
1 4
2 h
3 2
4 8
5 1
6 3
7 2
<- 6
9
_. 1
J. Ward I 6-5 7-5
Devln J 7, 13-2
J. Reiff 8-5 2
W. Stewart... 10 12
Romero 50 150
Bassingr-r .... 15 30
(Lynch .... 100 200
W. See i 50 150
Coburn l™ 200
IMacklln 6 10
•Left.
Time—*;, :25\i; tt. :50; V 1:16. Winner. B. Schrelber's eh. g. by imp. Idallum-Glitter.
Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.'
The winner was kept busy Defender put up a strong argument. Jerilderio ran without
artificial assistance. Too short for Magnus Santa Lucia again blew up.
tfiAT SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
HJ--1* i •
i
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
(St.
ttm.
ttm.
ttm.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
920 Gov. eehan, a.. 1191 1
10>*6 Paul Kniger. 4 106 7
1*35 Bu-no, a 106 8
1035 Uncle True, « 106 2
957 None Such. 4 103 5
I*ll Jf* Cotton, a 106 9
1*35 The Last, 4 111 10
440 Majesty, 4 103 4
1010 Spry I Ark, 6 106 3
699 Scintillate, 4 11l 6
1*35 Don Gara. 6 US 11
:::
1 1
f 2
7 4
2 h
5 1
9 4
10 5
4 4
3 1
6 4
11
1 3
4 1
' 6 1
3 4
6 1
9 1
8 14
2 4
7 3
10
11
1 14
3 1
2 *-.
4 1
6 2
7 2
8 1
5 1
9 1
10
11
1 4 W. Narvaez.. 6 4
2 2 ; Basslnger .... 20 30
3 1 Ruiz i 4 10
4 2 E. Jones (* 16-5
6 h Romero 20. 12
6 4 Hahn 100 2*o
7 1 Gray 20 20
* 4 -Jenkins 10 12
9 5 IF. Bennett j 101 150
10 10 P. McCarthy. 30 30
11 jPlggott I 6-5 5-2
Time-To tt. :22: to H. :47*4: last %, 1:03*4; short tt. '1:13*4. Winner, W. Landsberg's
b. h. hy Falsetto-Altalre Good start. Won first three driving.
Game Governor Sheehan won on two legs. Paul Kruger finished strong. Majesty was
in need of a race. Scintillate showed nothing.
104S» THIRD RACE Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
1
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |
'- , -
4m.
ttm.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. CI.
Jockeys.
r-i'S) Socialist. 4 U3 2
(I'll) Bessie Lee, 4 I!? 3
1017 Flora Hawk, 4 11l 1
1035 Major Cook, a 106 4
1015 Pevoy. 4 113 9
1015 Naranja, 5 104J10
I*2B nnitz, a 109 7
1015 Henry C, 4 110 9
1026 Major Honker. 4.... 105111
998 Al, 5 106! *
330 erary 11. 4 103 5
3 14
2 4
1 3
4 3
7 4
10 2
0 4
9 1
11
6 4
8 1
3 8
2 h
1 14
4 4
6 4
9 1
0 2
J 4
11
? tt
10 2
2 2
3 10
1 h
4 8
7 2
8 4
...'.■ 5 I' 7
6 1
11
9 2
10 1
1 (
1 24 [Jenkins I 6-5 13-10
2 14 limekiln 6 10
3 6 Thorpe 5 5
44 ! Devln j 6 9
5 4 Hahn 20 40
6 2 ; Ruiz 10 £0
7 h Hyland ' 100 200
* 8 'Glover I 15 40
9 3 Pullman [ 4 13-2
10 h Frawley 20 30
11 [Holmes 10 20
Time— To V 4. 214: to 4. 464: last 4, 1:02; short 4. 1:12. Winner. C. Lind's b g by
St. Carlo-Anarchy. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Socialist Is a fair piece of racing timber. Bessie ran her race Flora Hawk stayed wen
Cook weakly ridden the first part. Henry C sore.
Scratched— Cabrillo 109.
104**) FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index.
Horse.
Weight.
St.
ttm.
ttm.
•Sim.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1"24 1., n. MrWhlrter..loB 7
i 1034 Pythla ■■ ■ 1051 5
101* Flush ol Cold 105 4
1024 Racetto 105 6
107 Wlnyah . 105| 8
102" Tho Buffoon 1051-1
993 Miss Vera lOfili*
(1041) Galene . ]07 j 3
993 Miss Margaret 106; 2
1016 Loyta 105(10
3 4
7 2
I 3
1 h
6 14
4 2
9 2
' h
2 1
10
2 4
7 3
' 4
1 1
5 3
4 h
9 6
6 4
3 14
10
3 3
6 2
7 1
1 4
4 h
2 h
8
9
6 4
10
I—.1 — . I—.1 — . .
1 1 lHahn | 30 25
2 h (J. Reiff I 15 *
3 h I McNichols ...( 4 12
4 14 tßuiz ■ SO 40
SV, Jenkins '.. i 8-5 9-5
6 6 IK. Jones ' 4 7
7 4 Ames 20 3.-1
SlO iThorpe | 2 11-5
9 4 IW. Narvaez.. l 30 50
10 ißullman . I 12 20
. , 3.*'~?* : **- i: *"*• "V ***. 1:03. Winner. S. .1. Dodd's br. c. by imp. Brutus-Young
\. , '* •" ,ar, • "■ -. first three driving. X
Me*7Vhlrter liked the route. So did Pythla. Winyah had speed to false breaks
.ne was Hon the overland. Galene pocketed early in the running.
Prratrhr-'l-Piirfelt 105. tf'tf.tf,
1050. ' '"'' '' '■•**■ Bev * furlongs; selling;
'. $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. Ist.
— 1
ttm.
•ing.
CI.
ttm.
•Jim.
Str.
Fin.
IMS n I f4 *• ""^ 12 '<* 11% 12% 15 14;.'*, Thorpe:, "..'.... | 2-7. 11-2*
i^s ':*-' «' * *>' 5 Z. 22* 2 5 2 6 2 8 Bullman I 5-2 9-5
ifM p?' £i ''..102 3 2h 3% 31 3 4 33 Jenkins 120 60
'sSflilw ?a2t?*2*- - 4 -'* I S2 « SHt,'4h 4 1 53 4% Ruiz '20 6-*.
984 Morana f ' 2 5 4** "* h r. 3 4*' 5 2 C(,,burn ! 7,0 100
1032 r>V,,frto ' o ? 4 3 75 7 4 ■"! « 3 *" ''i Basslnger .... 100 600
469 ffi a ,2 5 8 « * I 71 ° Wall? 100 200
-IS Tr '^* , >- a • -.7 -^u^_l!*3 , _J_ 6*4 6*4 TH 7tt * jVogt I 100 500
Clirti'^-TVnAu lB^ 5 :3^- : >• I'M: *■ 1:29. Winner. Burns A Waterhouse's b. g. by Lord
Put nA • • h.„ 0 * ." art - Won tullr- Second and third driving. .
l«ri"ltaS n rTdr* 1S n Trnn% a n nal ' V heaVll^ baCk "** She - d '" y at Btr^
S^rhed-Imperlou^Ti-^^. K)7- nVd Glenn 104. J
1051;
SIXTH RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. ■ 14m.
ttm.
•im.
Str.
Fin.
1039 Heigh Ho. 4 92! 1
11017) Prompto, 4 95 6
in.l 3 Kamsin. 6 9212
1027 Wyoming. 6 102' 4
f|'.22) Harry Thoburn, 5.. 97 3
1033 Tony Llcalzl. 4.... 107 7
in:*- 'bio. 4 92! 8
H'?.."! Hardly, 4 _5j 5
017) Prompto 4 ..''."'.'." 95! 6 '" 1 £ Hi lh lh J. Ward I 10 5
mS?'l '" J \\ «}i 2 4 [McNichols ... 2 7-3
1027 Wyoming 6 102! 4 '" 5? «£ 5 1 3** " " Brown... 8 11
1.,22) Harry Thohurn. 5.97 3 17. 2 2 !fi Si i? S"'", 5 9 " 2
1033 Tony Llcalzl. 4.. ...107 7' * L 52* * £ \\ B'*""'''*""' * 10
1033 Tori Wo. 4 92! I -A V, I, 61 ? ul ' m ?" | 2 7-2
1033 Hardly, 4 65 5 '" _ » _- J' - 71 i w Re, * !,1 12
; — ■■>-. tZ "~ — — — 8 _ 8 - 8 Coburn :! 10 15
Won'flrsT three ' driving **' I "*'' Winner c - kind's b. m. by Himyar-Janet. Good start.
With better luck Prompto should hnv» »„. T ,
nicely ridden. Wyoming, had nothinJ -Mt "•'.ft was POCket ' to the «^etch. Winner
Too much weight "and too fast a c "c ltot I. _f z , IS V n , _ T i* oburn -weakened the last part.
Scratched-Esplrando 102. Rlcardo 92. lc * lzl * w »tch Toriblo next time out
1 h
3 h
« h
•* 1
2 2
M
1 h
6 1
6 1
3 h
2 4
4 1
•71
8
1 h
4 4
5 1
« 1.
2h
3 h
I 1 '
8
in !
2 4 !
3 h !
4 4
5 2
6 1
7 1
8
J. Ward
McNichols ...
I Hal Brown...
'Ruiz
In---!-.-.--
Bat-singer ....I
Bullman [
J. Relff. I
ICoburn .1
ishment would be visited on the stable. ■
John said he would return the animal to
his owners. <
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; selling; .three
year-olds.
599 Anchored 112 771 Kootenai 103 i
996 Glengaber 112; 1037 Faveraham — 112
1040 Sylvan Lass.... 107 £79 Bid Me 107
1040 San Augustine.. 109 i 1040 Judge Wofford.loo |
KHO Purniah 109' 1042 Lothian ........103
993 Correct 10» 441 Elizabeth R....107 .
103S Nora. Ivee 107 i 972 Chlspa 107
1033 Royal Fan 107 994 Solstice 107
j 9?9 Somis 109! 890 Gin Sling 103
Secon.l Race— One mile: three-year-olds and
j upward; selling.
(984) Bernardino ....104 1044 Jennie Reid PS
1 1018 Hohenzollern ..no! 1050 P. A. Finneg;anlO3
I 1033 Dr. Bernavs 103 ! 1038 Limewater 34
977 Catastrophe .. 110 1018 Grady 110
j 1020 Cromwell 107 SCO May 1 83
1 1019 Oral 95 1030 Castake 100
' Third Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds: Runcho del Paso Selling Stakes. j
(l<V>3)Stamina .... SMUOSSjCasdale 102
1019 Ulm ...., 95 j 1045 Malay 92
! (MHO)Maud Ferguson 90 10S1 Headwater .... 36
Fourth Futurity course; three-year
| olds; selling. ''.-.•
; 972 El Eetro 107 952 Jingle Jingle. ..lo7
1040 Saintly 103 <90. r >>Tiburon 109
1009 Polka 109. 999 Racel.ud 107
999 Wat' sa .... 109 1009 Ann Page 107
i Fifth Race— arM a half miles: three-year- |
olds and upward: the Fabiola I "■•■ by. j
1050 Rapido 95 1037 Robert Bonner.lo4 i
lO3 r . Purward 94 j 1030 Red Glenn 102 j
1037 Kureka 98! 1019 Tim 92 I
1026 Lady Hurst 103 1048 Major Hooker.. 89 j
I I'M; Alvero  . 95 1032 Una Colorado.. '.'5 |
I I'M? Tempo 94
Sixth Rare— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and j
ward; -ellinu. j
1051 Prompto 103 1026 Three F0rk5.... 103
niMSOSocialtst 100 1039 Horatio 106 j
(100$) February 101 1061 Tony Licalzl. . .103
li>2s Amasa 100 j (1037)Imperlous 106
1052 Earl Cochran..l^3 1032 Alicia 101
I 1^22 I Don't Know.. 103
Selections for To-Day.
First -Elizabeth R. Kootenai, Somis.
i Second Race— Castake, Bernardino, Dr. Ber
j nays.
Third Rare— Stamina, Malay. Maud Ferguson. j
Fourth Race— Saintly, El Estro. Tlhuron.
Fifth Race — Robert Bonner, Major
Hooker.
Sixth Race Prompto, Socialist, Imperious.
SINGLES TOURNAMENT
AT CALIFORNIA CLUB
Three days of tournament tennis will
crowd the courts of the California Tennis
Club this afternoon, Sunday and Monday.
The club has arranged a singles class
tournament and, judging from the en
tries, some very close matches will be
seen before the finals are reached.
In the preliminary matches the best two
out of three will decide; and in the finals
the best three out of five sets. The en
trance fee has been fixed at 50 cents. En
tries will not close until the time for
drawing. Up to date the following have
signed their names to the entry list: R.
J. Davis. Werner Stauf. Harry Weihe,
Duval Moore, R. W. Bliven, Dr. C. B.
Root. H. W. Walter, J. A. Code and Rob
ert N. Whitney. Suitable prizes will be
given the winner and runner-up.
John D. Spreckels Jr. has returned to
the courts. On Thursday morning he
played three hours, from 7 to 10, with
Professor Joe Daily. The latter proved
too much for SprecKels. defeating him in
three straight sets. Walter Hobart will
renew his playing. His first trial will be
made this afternoon.
Cyclers" Outing.
The Ynpemite . Wheelmen's f'luh will
hold a mnonlipht run to San Jose this
evening. Cyclers will moet ;tt Fruitvale,
taking the last boat from this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
ST. BERNARDS WILL BE
A DOG-SHOW FEATURE
Cfoarleg Celebrated fiolden Lion.
OX Wednesday next, when the annual show of the San Francisco Kennel
Club opens at Mechanics' Pavilion, there will be benched a collection of
dogs as high in quality as were ever exhibited in^ the United States. In
number of entries It gives way to New York alone, exceeding all the other
largo cities on the Eastern dog show circuit. Five hundred and sixty-nine dogs,
representing almost every known breed, will be shown.
The St. Bernards will he better represented than heretofore. The total entry
is ninety-eight, as against forty-six last year and fifty-nine In IW. This increase
is ascribed to the energy of the members of the St. Bernard Club of California,
who are untiring In their efforts to foster the interest of fanciers in the "Holy
Breed.'' Golden Lion, from the kennel of Charles Newman, is a prominent candi
date for honors in this class.
That the specialty clubs are efficient in the execution of their purposes may
l>e Been in the mastiff entry this year, which reaches the record number of thirty
three. New York only benched sixteen of this breed, Chicago and Boston even
loss: so this large entry may be justlj regarded as th<- result of the work of
the Pacific Mastiff Club, whose members show no less than fourteen of the dogs.
In "1W only thirteen mastiffs were benched and In 1897 twenty-five. A pretty
spectacle will be a bunch of puppies sired by Chino Don, out of Lola, of which
Mrs. J. P. Norman was the owner. Mrs. Norman show-s two of the pups— Lola
and Hebe Montea. Messrs. I'ick. Murray and Lincoln show three dogs— Bu<_-no,
Newman and Don Montez.
The Fox-Terrier Club is another instance in point. Tn ISO 7 the club was in a
flourishing condition and fox-terrier entries numbered forty-four. In 1898 the
club languished, and entries sank to twenty-six. This year, owing to J. B. Mar
tin's energy ami power of organization and Mr. Hickman's liberal pecuniary and
moral support, the club has been effectively resuscitated and the entries have
risen to fifty-one, <>n which splendid result Messrs. Hickman and Martin, presi
dent and secretary of the club, have every reason to congratulate themselves.
The California Collie Club has practically effaced Itself from recognized dog
dom by joining an unimportant local organization in opposition to the American
Kennel Club. This is to be regretted, as some of the members of the club are
am"iig the most enthusiastic dog fanciers of the CO&St.
Hull-terriers are another breed that show a decided increase over previous
years, Inasmuch as forty dogs are shown, against thirty-four In l^ l^ and twen
ty-three in 1887, indicating a steady and substantial gain in popularity.
SAUSALITO WILL
BE GAY TO-DAY
The San Franciscos Will Op. a
the Yachting Sea
son.
The oldest yacht club on the bay of San
Francisco will to-day open the season at
Sruisalito. The clubhouse and ferry boats
will be gayly decorated with flags, and the
yachts lying at th.c club anchorage will
dress ship at 1:30 p. m. The yachts and
clubhouse will be open for the reception
of visitors during the afternoon, md at
6:30 p. m. a supper will be served to the
members and visiting yachtsmen.
At 7:30 p. m. sharp the tug Sea King
will leave Mission street wharf 1, having
on ' board the Invited guests from this
city. On arriving at the club wharf atS
o'clock she will be saluted by guns fired
on the yachts. During the evening there
will be dancing, fireworks and illumina
tions of the yachts. The tug Sea King
will leave the clubhouse at 11:30 to bring
back guests to the city. The regular ferry
boats will also run, the last leaving the
city for Sausalito at 6:30 p. m., and the
last returning to the city from SausaJito
at 10:5(i p. m. The committee in charge
of the arrangements for opening day con
sists of Dr. a. VV. McKenzie, Frank L.
Platt, M. H. Hernan, J. R. Savory, L. Q.
Havens and H. B. Holbrook.
"Colors" will be made at S a. m. to-mor
row, and owners will report on board the
flagship Cygnus at 10:30. A little later,
on signal from the commodore, the fleet
■will cruise in squadron from Sausalito to
the city front, accompanied by visiting
yachts. Here th<; San Francisco squad
ron will be joined by the yachts of the
California and Corinthian clubs, and the
combined fleet will cruise along the water
front, and later, when the flood tide Bets
in, will square away for Raccoon Straits,
San Pablo Bay and Vallejo.
Commodore Allen M. Clay has issued
the following orders: The boats of the
California Yacht Club will leave moor
ings on Saturday, April 29, at 3;45 p. m.,
and cruise to Sausalito, where they will
anchor off the San Francisco Yacht Club
bouse and take "colors" from gun on
Commodore T. L. Hill's flagship. On Sun
day morning yachts will dress ship at
"colors" and thereafter will follow Com
modore T. L. Hill's signals. In company
with the Corinthian fleet the California
yachts will join the opening cruise of the
San Franclscos to Vallejo and will return
on Monday
In general order No. 2 Commodore Allen
M. Clay thanks the committees which bad
the opening night entertainment on April
22 In charge, and congratulates them on
the success which attended their labors.
He also expresses his appreciation of the
cordial and unanimous support given to
him by yacht owners on the occasion of
the first squadron cruise on Sunday, April
23. A telephone has been placed in the
house of the California Yacht Club.
The South Bay Yacht Club opened the
season last Sunday and will hold the first
regatta of the season on Sunday, May 7.
The programme for ISM Includes cruises
to Redwood City, Napa, the drawbridge
and Belmont Slough, three ladles' days,
two clambakes and several afternoon
sails. During the Decoration day holl
days arid again during the Admission day
holidays the squadron will cruise to San
Francisco. Members of the club are wel
come on board any of the boats on the
days mentioned in the programme, and)
are requested to notify Secretary F L,
Machefert when they wish to attend a
cruise. On ordinary occasions members
should bring lunch with them, but on
certain days the club will supply refresh
ments.
The Encinal Yacht Club will give an
opening entertainment toward the end of
May.
ON THE GOLF LINKS.
Captain's Cup Tournament Will Take
Place at Oakland To-Day.
An oppn competition for men. mat^h
GET THE GENUINE.
NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
MUMJ^di J&IIOS di^_ggg sehel<l necessity.
play, eighteen holes, is set down on the
programme of the San Francisco Golf
Club for to-day. At Oakland the tourna
ment for the Captain's cup will take place
among the following players, who quaii
on Saturday, April 22: W. P. John
son, J. C. McKee, J. M. raft. J. a. Folger
E. H. Koiper. *;. \ ,. Greenwood, C. P.
Hubbard, K. A. Cooke and D. K. Belden.
All the above except the- last named qual
ified over the short course with an aver
; 50 or better per round. D. F. Bel
den qualtfled with an average of DJ for
r.me holes over the lons course.
ALL ABOUT FISHING.
Where Striped Bass Can Be Caught.
Opening of Lake Pilarcitos to
Anglers.
Thp ."trip*.) i. .train r»t In mi
arance in the Oakland estuary. To
reach the grounds anglers should take the
that leave on the hour by the broad
gauge and got off at <irand station, Ala
meda.
The fishing is to the north of the sta
tion and distant about (00 yards. The best
time for bass fishing is during the In
coming tide, but frequently they feed at
low water. The lure* which have proved
jful are clams and live or fresh
shrimps. As to the kind of tackle best
adapted for the sport. Henry Skinner, the
well-known By caster, will sive anglers
full particulars.
During the early part of the week sev
eral gplendid bass were tak.'ii by Al Wil
son, w. F. McFarland and General Crack
ii'-il of this city, and also resident anglers
of Alameda. Young Cracknel! hpoked and
landed a 21t6-pound basa on a B-ounce
bamboo rod last Monday. Tin- tish gave
the lad a tight which lasted thirty min
utes. Last rhursday Professors Marcus
and .Terry tried their luck for bass, but
owing: t.r a strong and cold wind that
blew from the west during the afternoon
and discolored the water th<Mr !u<-k was
po 'i. Terry, however, succeeded In land-
Ing two Immense stingarees, one which
weighed 56% pounds. Although he failed
to hit the stripes, he enjoyed the sport ..f
Btingaree fishing immensely and will soon
try it again. John Butler has wagered
"the decapitation" of his "tule-chops"
it John Lemmers' imp. rial mustache
that he will land a 60-pound stingai
Btriped bass Inside of five minutes. The
challenge has created considerable talk in
fishing oircle? and the contest will be
h-ld in the early part of next week, prob
ably Tuesday.
The Spring Valley Water Company will
soon Issue permits to anglers who desire
to tish In Lake Pilarcitos. lmt under no
consideration will Lake Ban Andreas he
opened to anglers this Beason.
A meeting Of the Supervisors r.f Marin
County and all sportsmen who are Inter
ested In fishing and shooting: in Marin
County will be held on Saturday. May fi,
in the San Rafael Courthouse, commenc
ing at 1 O'clock. The object Of the meet
ing will he to discuss the proposed ordi
nance for the protection of fish and game
In the county. All sportsmen are Invited
to be present and express their views.
SPORT AT SUTRO BATHS!
The manager of Sutro Baths has an
nounced the following excellent aquatic
! "bill of fare" for Sunday afternoon:
60-yard dash, novice— B. Emerlck. H. McKen
! «le, ! : : McKenzle, A. Beyfuss. J. Carroll, G
AVdler.
W 50-yard dash, juvenile— G. O'Brien. C Dono
, van. W. Hurley, W. Connolly. H. McKenzle,
100-yard dash (special), amateurs, for one
! silver medal, no second— H. Irvine T Quer-
In. D. Harris. H. Dougherty, R. Dahl. O Bey
fuss. K. Duran, J. Benson.
Trapeze and high diving for boys; open to
Trick and fnncy springboard divine- H Mr-
Kenzle, E. McKenzie. A. Beyfuss, G. O'Brien,
D. Harris. C. Donovan.
On the opening days— Sunday, April 30
and Monday. May 1. there will be an ex
tensive programme by Mizuno's rova
Japanese troupe. This will be their first
appearance in acrobatic tub-balancing
and other feats that are truly wonderful
and' clever. - ; ■
RELEASED ON
STRAW BONDS
AND ABSCONDED
Harry Wilson Again
at Liberty.
CLERK KELLY IN EVIDENCE
COrSTERNATIOk AT POLICE
HEADQUARTERS.
Descriptions of the Suspected Stran
gler Are Sent Broadcast Through
out the ~!tate for Purposes
of Identification.
The facility with which notorious crimi
nals are enabled to escape punishment for
their crimes was agui.i exemplified yes
terday in the case of Harry Wilson, the
negro who is suspected of being the man
who strangled two disreputable women
three years ago and robbed a number of
other women.
The detectives had been searching for
evidence against Wilson on the more seri
ous charges, but on Thursday it was de
cided to book him on three charges of
petty larceny so that h»* could be kept
in prison pending the investigations on
the other suspected crimes. It was not
supposed that he could feet bonds for his
release and when it was known yesterday
morning that he had been released at 9:20
o'clock Thursday nlghi on $900 bonds ac
cepted by Clerk Kelly of Judge Graham's
court the worst was t\:ared and there was
consternation at police headquarters.
This was intensified whf-n it became
known that the cases had been called In
Judge Graham's court and Wilson had
failed to answer to his n;'.me.
Chief I>ei:s and Captain Seymour at once
saw Judge Graham and a bench warrant
was Issued for Wilson's arrest and his
bonds were increased to $2wu on each of
the three charges. The Chief wired all
over the State a description of Wilson
and asking for his arrest, while Detectives
Ed Gibson, Wren and McMahon were de
tailed with other men to search the city
for him in the hope that he was still
here. His description as wired is: Harry
Wilson, colored; thief; aged 39; born in
Kentucky; height 5 feet 6^ inches; build
good; weight 153 pounds, hair negro; com
plexion copper. Remarks: Brown coat
and vest: light trousers; soft gray shirt;
soft black hat."
Bond Inspector Newman was sent for
by the Chief ami he went to Clerk Kelly
j and saw the bonds. He at once declared
| that they were not worth the paper on
■ which they wore written, and subsequent
investigation proved that he was correct.
The bondsmen were E. Riley, an ex-dep
uty sheriff, and Thomas EL Cosgrove, 312
Howard street. Riley qualified on a one
! fifth Interest in a 50-vara lot of land
bounded by Devlsadero, Pulton, Grove
and Scott streets, valued at $8000 and un-
Incumbered. Cosgrove qualified on "two
lots in the Railmad Homestead Associa
tion, four carts, sixteen horses, three
buggies and eight wagons, valued at 11500
and unincumbered." Neither of the two
men is nn th assessment roll.
Clerk Kdly explained that Attorney J.
X. K. Wilson and the two sureties called
at his house Thursday night and Wilson
assured him that the sureties were all
right. He accordingly accepted the bonds
and Issued orders for the negro's release.
He claims that. he was compelled to ac
• .pi the bonds by virtue of his office.
Bond Inspector Newman declares that
Attorney Wilson knew that Riley was not
acceptable as a bondsman, as hf- had
warned him on a former occasion of that
fact.
thief Lees, when he learned of all th*
Circumstances, was furious and emphati
cally declared that he had been bunkoed
and that the release of Wilson on straw
bonds was a gross outrage. Hr said ho
was powerless In the matter, as the clerks
of the courts were appointed by the Board
of Supervisors. He Instanced the fact
that it was through th.> acceptance of a
straw bond by Clerk Kelly that "Austra
lian Eddie,' 1 the notorious pickpocket was
enabled u> defeat the ends of justice, and
• ' : ' It Was limr some action was
tak'ii to put a stop to that sort of thine
It is probable that the matter will be
taken before the liraml Jury to see If In
dictments cannot be obtained against
Riley and Cosgrove for perjury in ralsolv
swearing that they owned property which
they do not own. There have been so
many oasr-s recently of straw bonds that
some drastic measures must be taken to
give these men a lesson.
The Police .In. lees had a consultation
on the subject, but came to the conclu
sion they had no jurisdiction over their
clerks after the adjournment of the
courts, and could do nothing. Captain
Seymour prepared a list of prisoners re
! on bonds by the clerks of the
courts between the hours of n p m and
6 a. m.. since the beginning of this month
and the number reached thirty-five \\*
pointed out that according to* order No
2p passed by the Board of Supervisors
April ;>. 1893. clerks of the Police Courts
can only accept bonds in their respective
court rooms or office attached thereto be
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 4pm
and that they shall alternate weekly in
the evenings from 7:80 to m o'clock, ex
cept Sundays and holidays when the
hours are 10 a. m. till 2 p. m. It is speci
fically stated that they shall not accept I
sureties on bonds except within the
places and the times prescribed. ,\s a
result orders have been posted in all po
lice Btations to accept no orders of re
lease from clerks of the Police Courts In
the future after 10 o'clock at night
El Campo.
Sunday the Uklah will make four round
trips to this popular resort, as advertised
in amusement columns. Ft ie th<> nearest
resort to San Francisco where one .-an
have a reß.il outing at n small expense
JINKS FOR OARSMEN.
Ariels Will Hold Reception and Re
gatta at Long Bridge To-Morrow.
The Ariel annual regatta for club mem
bers will ho held to-mnrniw (Sunday) at
Long Bridge. The programme contains
nine events. A. Haughton, P. Loth and J
O Council are the entries for the out
rigged skiff race for novices, and <; Witt
kopf and F. 11. Stern berg for the shell
race. J. Wilson and <:. Pbetaii will ap
pear In the senior outrigged skiff event
In the junior barge race one crew will
be made up of E. Lynch. B. Mrl nigh
A. Haughton and lv O'Connell, and th.'
other of P. Loth. T. Le Rand, J. O'Con
nell and J. Ficken.
The fifth event Is a pie-eating race be
tween Eugene Flanders, W. Qrowney and
C. McAuliffe. A senior barge crew com
posed of the Wilson brothers will race
against an intermediat. crew composed of
W. Howe, J. I. Nolan. J. O'Connell and
.1. Picked. \v. McAusland and Leander
Stevenson will row an exhibition race in
outrigged skiffs, and A. Taylor and J
Smith, of the Olympic Club, will give a
swimming exhibition. The last event on
the programme is a barge race between
a orew composed of E. Lynch. E. McDon
ough, J. I. Nolan and W. Howe, and a
crew made up of F. Loth, J. R. Hockman
11. Pleas and F. SietT<-ns. the former be
ing the- Irish and the latter the Herman
representatives. The following are the
officials: Marsha! of course. J. I. Nolan;
referee. I>. J. Sheehan: starter. P j"
Enrlght: judges-H. Pless. J. R. Book
man and J. Hardle; time-keeper. Walter
Blake. The jinks committee consists of
E. Lynch, H. Tless. A. Taylor. G. T. M, -
Ginncss, \V. Howe and J. R. Bockman.
At their last meeting the Alameda Boat
Club elected the following new members-
R. E. Hopps, A. Bjolstad, Charles C. Han
ley, Gus Horst. A. Heydenaber and C. H.
Wall. Fourteen applications for member
ship were received. The Alameda senior
barge crew, which has rowed together for
three seasons, will probably undergo a
change in the make-up, Bert Guild tak
ing the place of Eugene B. Hadcock at
bow. Hadcock intends to take up out
rigged skiff rowing. The Alameda club
Is considering the necessity of enlarging
Its house, which Is too small for its re
quirements. Architects have been re
quested to furnish plans and estimates
of the proposed Improvements.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■■• ■ ■ *
■: ... . '■:■■..■ ■ ' : ■ ■ '-.- ■•■■ ■".
THIS STORE WILL BE CLOSED MONDAY—
«^*^DEWEY DAY.^<c<^
_.^ A --. BOYS' Boys' White Blouse
,^ra { X @%t, . W^lctc Waists, with large
| A- /j& /^^ £, T*ai3ts. sailor collar; made of
-^^^?^?^A--I*W^^-V^^£=. gooJ lawn : front, collar and
sleeves trimmed with embroidery;
i MERIT IK VALUE, f a dressy waist; ages 3to ie years
I MERIT IN SERVICE,? each 50c
I THIS IS OUR AIM. i ■ .. .— — i. .a
15 fe^.i^ir.TZ^ I .^?°»z-^-vi°r ---'•■?^~g ' Ladies' A medium-weight
If WEI N STOCK, I Union Suits. Sfji s S
I 'I iront and can be had either low or
I LUoIN « high neck '- 'on?, short or no
1 o d ~ r^ I sleeves; a popular garment at Hms
I & CV. . I season suit 75c
"T^^nARKLT>No TAYLOFt^^ Ribbons. Satin and Gros- Grain
-'-STREETS •:■':& " Ribbons, pure silk and
- «sffib £0 ? cl f l ualitv "- nearly every pre-
vai'in^ sh?d° now in stock:
— . T4-inch wide yard st*
114-inch wide yard S l-3c
— — — ■ 2U-inch wide yard 12'.4c
_ _- Pure Silk Baby Ribbon, with
TJ A i U7*4^*-^ Picotedge bolt 9c
ri3,tS 1 lOrn Fane Neck Ribbon . 3 i^hrs
1 iaiJ X * vi.** id e ..yard 20c
rariS. Blankets. White Wool Blan-
T-rf . ,  . enough cotton to keep them from
1 niSimpC nation Contains shrinking; size 64x80; pink, blue
Bonnets, Toques, Tur- Z^Zi^L.'^w
bans and HatS, Such as Ten-quarter Silver Gray Blan-
. -rj . , « kets; cotton and wool mixed; very
are Worn in rariS to-day. serviceable, and nice in appearance;
Thirty-eight of these are pink ' blue or red borders $1 - 68
marked $5.00, $7.50 and i - , , „ , , ,
. n„„ . Ladies Ladies' Jackets of
$10.00 each. . T a x B Tan Covert Cloth;
JaCKeiS. box front; with lar^e
T\ 7T'f 1 1 pearl buttons; velvet collar; sleeves
lviiiiincrv an . body lined with silk ser^ e ?
/ this season's make and stvl*;
t-\ . . sizes 32 to 40 $6.50
Department. ===
* x 5J114 Four lines of Silk
\%i . . Waists to select from
Dress Goods a fine quality of waists, at $7.50
r>~A c:ii Black Whipcord Black and Colored Taffeta.
and SIIKS. for Tailor- Striped Taffeta.
Suits; so inches wide.. .yard $1.50 Corded Taffeta in Stripe Effect.
Several attractive Patterns in Black Satin with White Trim-
Black Crepon, 42 inches wide ming.
yard 89c =
Foulard Silks, 20 inches wide, WashefS. T° e Western Wash-
navy grounJ, with white dots, v er No. 2 has all the
scrolls and figures, suitable for latest improvements; the best and
entire dresses or separate waists most complete Washer for family
yard 48e u5e..... $2.95
To-Day at 10 O'Clock:
Bleached Turkish Towels, 20c
Large Size Bleached Bath Towels; size 21x54
inches; a serviceable article each 20c
Ask for a Copy of Fashion Leaflet.
WEiNSTOCK,LIBIN&CO.
STILL REACHING FOR
LAFAYETTE SQUARE
REVIVAL OF AN OLD SUIT FOR
A CITY PARK.
It Includes Nearly All the Western
Half of the Property Now
Under Cultivation.
Another attempt i? rn;r.s» mnfip to s=e
( ure possession of what remains of l,a
fayette Square. Suit h.is been riled In the
circuit Gouii by the Holladays, represent
ing the Delaney claimants, and they ask
for all of the northwest block and more
than half of the southwest block.
The suit is a revival of the litigation
by which the city lost what is known as
the Holladay property, and it is based
. n substantially the tame contentious. It
la brought In the Circuit Court because
it is alleged that In the manner in which
the case is set forth there Is a Federal
question involved.
The plaintiffs are Laura s. Delaney,
Mary A. M>«'urrie. Tcter P. WynantS,
Samuel \v. Holladay, Nathaniel Jacobs,
Edmund B. Holladay, James I). Whitney,
Frederick P. Castelhun and Frank R.
Whitcomb. They are all the heirs or as
signs of the original Matthew and Mary
Delaney, who settled on the property !■■
tore the land was absorbed by the city
under legislative enactment.
The Supreme Court ol the State has
already decided that the Holladay prop
erty pissed from the control of the city
principally because a decision to that ef
fect was allowed to remain without ap
peal until the statutory time within
which appeals must be perfected had
elapsed, it was Intimated that had the
appeal been made in tune the decision of
the lower court would nave been reversed.
In this way the property was secured to
the Holladays, but with the other prop
erty there was no such mistake malt- and
the claimants were finally evicted about
four years ago. Among those who were
■ ■■■■■■■*■■* - ■■■■■■■■»■■■■
i4O Years' Rheumatism I
7 CURED BY DR. SAN- ffggx H
■■ DEN'S BELT. <$&$ ■
a PAX JOSE. Cal.. March 20, 1«59. V*. frm irtfftili *
I sax .tosk. Cal.. March :■•. 1899. L-- n 5t
_ Dear Sir: It is v.lth pleasure I send yen my JBl' jßliB!lc3ffi^s*»i(Sr M
vi testimonial, stating what your Kelt has (lone J&S&fiSlKSiizi&sis&tw ' I
I for me. For more than forty years I have been i»«HWc|W!iflgMS^*ljgßy I
a troubled with rheumatism, lame back and a laraßJSHßfiyßa By ~ : ™ '
I severe pain In my richt side. Two years apo IwS^^afc'^^^a^^y I
' I commenced the use of your Helt, and after IraaHSSjfflMWpWMV?^ ■
m wearing It regularly for a few months every WBsSHiHpSesSiixSSM.a*, i
| sign of the pain and stiffness left my bark KJHTgtjSS£~gvJ%alif I
m and side. I left off wearing the Bell shortly SSS TOjMfJijBBwBJaSiB B
I after the pains disappeared, and since then Jl!2 9 f^^PS^^^^Ml !
I not :i r<ien of the trouble ha:- come hack. I £v JSt ■
3 think the Belt of Kreat value, considering what /?■".« Jgm^r~£JJj^SMl ™
1 it has done for me. and will recommend it FnT& JSfflnlWrr^VfifilV >
mt whenever 1 can. With best wishes. I remain, EmfJß^S^l^ IMtiKm3 IB
■ sincerely yours. r s. HIHGE, KJl^fl H^ i Wr%
Almaden Ri 1! W/f* mm
"Do You Ever Get Caught With Pain /Plik m a
■ As you Btralghten up from n stooping position? flu ** 9^Bi b
Ah you straitjlitfti up from a Htonping position? i»v P9 ■■
i Is there a pain and stiffness in your muscles? VB^'S
■a Those are troubles easily cured by my Electric „- W| fB IS
*T Belt. It Invigorates th,> muscles of the hack fWBMST r '\ _Sffl HK m
I by tilling them with electrical warmth; It cures /<|SBSKi\ SOL |
■ lame back in a day, sometimes. It always I ■■■Li. i a3? ■
cures it, and cures for p,.--,-i. m*.^^^x~ mm
T DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN, Manage* ■
H 02 Market St., cop. Kearny, S. F. SEND FOR MY BOOH, a
I Or 204% South Broadway. Los Angeles. "THHITE r-i asses «->c- mr» »» 1
■ Office Hours-8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; .Sundays. Tti * EE CLASSES OF MEN." |
| 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.- IT IS MAILED FREE. 31
>. ■ ■ ■ ■-■. ■.■■■■■ ■ ■-■;■.■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ m
Ladd's Gun Store /ffivD^Y.sTßGNG&co.^^^
421 Kearny St., San Francisco _ M% "DAT rxiTr^ *\
3^00^7 MARKET S^SF^Si^
W^-W/^^^^ Dealers in I irrarnn. | TTT i Tiir n -r-^ n*xf "
~^L^^^^ *^ Fishing' Tarkir. and TTT 1 -us- t i-bt
BP*^^ Sporting Goods of Every I W X MBTI f\ T\ fl WflTTian
" Option. Highest Ca.li JPricea ! " . vOiX. JJJ.GII ailU W UilltJll
told for Raw Furs. CHOUU) CSK daMiana. BITTKRs thh
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue. . v 5 great Mexican remedy; gives health mA
evicted were the plaintiffs in the suit just
filed in the Circuit Court.
It is contended that when the grant of
the original pueblo upon which mosl
the city la built was confirmed by tlr-
Circuit Court in 1865, it was declared that
the property include.! In the pueblo was
held by the city in trust "for Its inhabi
tants." and • speciaily for "lotholders."
It Is claimed that, the Delaney 3, Mat
thew and Mary, were lotholders.
They had been on Lhe land for nearly
ten years when the grant was confirmed
and they claim th n the confirmation
made their title secure, li was contended
before the State courts, however, that
the property now known as Lafayette
Park was set aside for public uses when
the land was ptill a Mexican pur-blo and
when it v it and
State these particular still re
mained public landa 1 ty nor the
State tin'! in. power to gram prn ite titles
• m and tlu confirmation of these ti
tles by the Federal cjuri could not be
taken to change the character of the
lands and put them under private owner
ship.
The contention of the plaintiffs in the
suit just tiled is that in evicting the
plaintiffs the city has violated the ruling
of the circuit Court and, therefore the
Circuit Court is the prdper place to have
the matter righted.
AH the land under contention in this
new suit has been Improved by the city.
Murderer Donovan Arraigned.
Patrick Donovan, the carpenter who
struck the old man, Alexander Jardine,
on the head with an ax in the vestibule
of St. Rose's Church, causing his death,
was Instructed and arraigned before
Judge Megan yesterday. By consent his
preliminary examination was continued
till May 1.
» ♦ ■
"99" Cleveland bicycles. $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents. $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkln.»
In the Divorce Court.
Clara P. Wlnckelmann has been granted
a divorce from Charles A. Winckelmann
on the ground of willful desertion. Mary
j. Baley has sued George M. Baley for a
divorce, alleging desertion as a cause of
action
56
SATURDAY .APRIL 29, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ... .Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Steven»on Street
Telephone Main 1574. ■
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
CAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
t AILT CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months 1 .SO
t'AILY CALL— By Single Month. «So
IUNDAT CALL One Year 1.80
V'EEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE... Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 337 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock,
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251^
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9/ o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, oosn until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Wrong Mr. Wright.".
California — "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera House— "El Capitan."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tivoli— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Insterstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth-
Battle of Manila Hay.
AlhamJira Theater— Intercollegiate Concert.
Recreation Park Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Courslnc to-day.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo, Sunday.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
Campers' Excursion— To Santa Cruz Mountains. Sunday.
April 30.
Excursion to Santa Cruz Mountains— May 1.
Putro Baths— Grand opening Sunday. April 30.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. W. Butterfleld— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture.
at 6C>3 Howard street; also at 2 o'clock, Furniture, at 360
Hrannan street.
By William Butterfield— day, at 12 o'clock, Lodging
House, at 39 Turk street.
THE NEWS FROM MflNlLfl.
ANOTHER illustration of the superiority of the
special news service of The Call and the New
York Herald was given yesterday in the dis
patches from Manila announcing that Luna, chief of
staff of Aguinaldo, had sent an officer to our lines
to ask a cessation of hostilities.
That important item of news was sent to this coun
try exclusively by The Call-Herald service. In New
York it was published by the Herald only. The dif
ference in point of time between that city and San
Francisco enabled the Examiner to obtain it from
New York alter the Herald was on the street, and it
was therefore published in this city by that paper, but
without proper credit.
The importance of the news in this case renders it
a notable illustration of the effe^tiveneos of The Call-
Herald service, but it was by no means a rare per
formance. In fact hardly a week has passed since
the war with Spain began without furnishing some
proof of the superiority of our news gathering agency.
The Call and Herald, it will be remembered, were first
to get a report of the battle of Manila from an eye
witness, and we are now the first to give news of the
suit for peace on the part of the insurgents. To main
tain so effective a service of course require? a consid
erable expenditure of energy and money, but in the
end it pays better than Creelman fakes or stealing
news.
MR MUNTINGTON'S SPEECH-
A'OD speech in its way was that of Collis P.
Huntington at the Southern Pacific banquet,
but the way was wrong. Instead of moving for
ward to a discussion of the best means of promoting
the welfare of people now living in California, it
tended mainly to a consideration of the problem of
getting more people to live here. It is clearly not an
increase in the prosperity of California, but an in
crease in the number of persons who are subject to
the traffic taxes of the Southern Pacific, that interests
the gentleman.
"What California needs to-day," he said, "is more
le. What you merchants need is more customers
tc buy your goods." Then he uttered an epigrammatic
statement having all the dignity of an axiom: "The
only way you can get them is by having them here."
To accomplish the filling of the long felt want Mr.
Huntington suggested the importation of Finns.
"One little colony of hard-working, economical, vir
tuous people like the Finns," he said, "would leaven
the whole lump, for their example would be an in
citement to thousands, who, seeing their good work
and their good fortune, would strive to share it."
•le will dispute the desirability of increasing our
population, nor will there be any objection to an im
portation of Finns, provided they come to the State
with enough of money and skill to render them self
supporting from the start without crowding the labor
market and depressing the rate of wages. That, how
ever, is a comparatively minor issue afpresent. Cali
fornians are more interested just now in questions
of transportation charges than of immigration from
Finland. Had Mr. Huntinijton made his speech on
freight rates it would have been no doubt just as much
applauded at the banquet board and far more accept
able to the public.
Were the industries and the commerce of California
relieved from the burdens of excessive freight charges
there would be no need of applying to any foreign
land for immigrants. The natural riches of the State
are such that if it were not for the artificial.handicap
put upon progress by the railroad monopoly the pros
perity which would attend all its industries would
soon attract to our cities and to our fields a large
number of enterprising young Americans from all
parts of the East.
Despite all the Interstate Commerce Commission
has done, despite all the efforts of our merchants and
manufacturers, there exist ample reasons for believing
our trade is grossly discriminated against by the great
transcontinental lines. Mr. Huntington holds a po
tent position in railroad circles. He has proven him
self in many a conflict to be able, adroit and bold.
Californians are therefore justified in thinking that
if on this issue he fought as hard for the interests of
the State as. he has been known to fight against them
nt times we would now have a much more favorable
freight rate, not only on his line, but on all trans
continental lines. It is for that reason his speech at
the banquet will be regarded as something of a mis
take. He spoke on the wrong subject.
THE APPOINTMENT OF SENATORS.
THE country has been startled by a news de
spatch, which has gone for three days uncontra
dicted, that a treaty has been made whereby
Quay, is to be seated in the Senate on appointment by
the Governor, and that in return for the executive in
fluence which has committed a majority of Senators
to thft plan the State of Pennsylvania will support
President for renomination.
As a feature in the flux and change with which our
institutions are threatened, the subject of appointment
of Senators by Governors should be thoroughly dis
cussed and understood.
The abhorrent word "Treason" is creeping into
common use to characterize men who discuss the al
leged principles of our Government, but we assume
that an examination of the constitutional provisions
in reference to the Senate may yet be carried on with
out incurring the charge of being a traitor.
The constitution, article I, section 3, provides:
"The Senate of the United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Leg
islature thereof, for six # years, and each Senator shall
have one vote. Immediately after they shall be as
sembled in consequence of the first election they shall
be divided as equally as may be into three classes.
The seats of Senators of the first class shall be va
cated at the expiration of the second year, of the sec
ond class at the expiration of the fourth year, and of
the third class at the expiration of the sixth year, so
that one-third may be chosen every second year; and
if vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise, dur
ing the recess of the Legislature of any State, the
executive thereof may make- temporary appointments
until the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall
then fill such vacancies."
Article V provides that "No State, without its con
sent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate."
It would seem that there can be no two opinions
as to the origin and limitation of a Governor's juris
diction over the appointment of a Senator. The plain
language of the constitution seems to settle that:
"I* vacancies happen, by resignation or otherwise,
during the recess of the Legislature of any State, the
executive thereof may make temporary appointments
until the next meeting of the Legislature, which shall
then fill such vacancies."
Ever since 1793 from time to time the exercise of this
executive jurisdiction has been discussed in the Sen
ate. In many cases that have arisen the discussion has
been upon the cause of the vacancy and a legal con
struction of the term "happen." It has been argued
that executive jurisdiction appears and a Governor
may appoint only if a Senator during his term re
signs, dies, is expelled or by incapacity through in
sanity becomes incompetent and cannot even resign.
that being an act requiring sanity. In this view of it
the set and fixed term of the Senatorial office is not
v happening. Its beginning and end are fixed by
law. Senator \\'hite"s term, for instance, did not
"happen" to end on March 3 last, nor did the result- J
ing vacancy "happen." Its occurrence was fixed by
law. What "happens" is defined by all English
lexicographers to be that which comes unexpectedly.
But passing by the discussion of the right of a Gov
ernor to appoint when a vacancy has not happened,
but has come about by the expiration of the term
fixed by law, the Senate has never heretofore varied
from the rule that the Governor's jurisdiction arises
only when the vacancy occurs in the recess of the
Legislature. The constitution therein is so plain that
a layman, without knowledge of the rules of legal
construction, cannot err in its interpretation. When
the terms ot Senators White, Quay, Gray and Cannon
expired by law on the 3d of March, 1809, the Legis
latures of California. Pennsylvania, Delaware and
Utah were in session and not in recess.
The first case involving the jurisdiction of a Gov
ernor to appoint a Senator arose in Delaware. In ,
December, 1703. George Reade, Senator from Dela- j
ware, resigned. The Legislature met January, 1704, ,
?nd adjourned without electing a Senator. The Gov
ernor thereupon appointed Mr. Kensey Johns to the
vacancy. The Senate refused to seat him because the
Legislature had been in session since the vacancy oc
curred and its failure to elect did not give the Gov
ernor jurisdiction to appoint. In the Senate at that
time were several members who had been members '
of the convention which framed the Federal constitu- :
tion, and for that reason the decision of this case has :
always been given special weight and has been held to
warrant the application of the principle of stare de- j
ci«is to the issue.
The next leading case, in which a full discussion ;
has been preserved, was that of Mr. Lanman of Con- I
necticut. His term expired March 3, iB->j. On March j
4 the Governor appointed him to succeed himself.
His credentials were dated February 28, and he ap
peared on March 4 to take his seat at a special ses
sion called by the President. He was refused his
seat, on the ground that: "The Legislature of the
State, by making elections themselves, shall provide
for all vacancies which may occur at stated and known
periods, and that the expiration of a regular term of
service is not such a contingency as is embraced in
the third section of the first article of the constitu
tion."
This decision was acquiesced in for fifty years, dur
ing which time Governors in nine States refused to 1
appoint to fill vacancies caused by expiration of regu
lar terms.
But in no case has the Senate seated an appointee
of a Governor when the Legislature has been in ses
sion and had a chance to fill the vacancy, as decided
in the Kensey Johns case.
If Quay is seated it will be in violation of that pre
cedent established by men who helped make the con
stitution, and no less in violation of the plain letter of ;
that instrument.
Against this there have been long arguments in
defense of the right of a State to full representation
in the Senate. In the constitutional sense the Legis
lature is the constituent of the Senator, who repre
sents the State. If the Legislature refuse to elect a
Senator it is in exactly the position of a citizen who !
neglects to vote. Nobody deprives him of his suf
frage He simply consents to deprive himself of it.
So the omission of a Legislature to elect a Senator is '
a State's consent to be deprived, temporarily, of its
full suffrage in the Senate.
It is so clear that the Governor has no jurisdiction
unless the vacancy occur in recess of the Legislature
that the alleged bargain to sent Quay is an agree
ment to violate the constitution. It is said in the \
same connection that Senator Jones, chairman of the
National Democratic Committee, and Senator But- j
ler, chairman of the Populist National Committee, are
pledged to vote for Quay's admission. It is not re
markable that they should do so, for they represent !
platforms which directly attack the constitution in its
vital parts. But we cannot believe that Republican
Senators can consent to such a palpable breach of
precedent and violation of the constitution which they j
have sworn to support and profess to revere. Nor i
can we believe that the President is a party to a bar
gain in the interest of his renomination. which, if ear
ned out. would deservedly condemn him to defeat.
The country is surely not in a mood to see the con
stitution trampled under foot for the benefit of Quay, !
Addicks and Dan Burns.
TIIEBMTRAK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
(\ BUG IN THE CHARTER.
THE Freeholders, by whom the new charter was
framed, were carefully selected. As a body they
were intelligent and respectable citizens. They
included some lawyers of more than ordinary ability
and learning. However much the theory or the de-.
I tails of the municipal government for which they pro
! vide<l may have been criticized, their zeal and good
| faith have not heretofore been questioned.
But there is no doubt that, in some irysterious way
that has not been explained, these gentlemen were
literally bunkoed by the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company, which is an oppressive, exacting and
odious monopoly. That corporation, within the
limits of this city and county, has charged and col
lected exorbitant rates for very ordinary service. It
is invested with extensive franchises and privileges,
exercised for years, for which no just equivalent has
been rendered, and its practice has uniformly been to
take everything it could get and treat the public not
enly with indifference, but with ostentatious con
tempt.
One of the principal objects before the Freeholders
in the production of the new charter was to bring
every corporation that owed its existence and its op
portunities for profit to the municipality within the
control of the Board of Supervisors, and especially
in the matter of rates and charges. The principle
that they were within the power of municipal regula
tion was accepted as fundamental, and, except as to
the telephone company, it was firmly applied. A brief
examination of the new charter will prove that this
particular exemption was not the result of acci
dent. Telephone companies are the subject of specific
provisions. Among the grants of power to the Su
pervisors enumerated in article 11, chapter 2, section
I, by the thirteenth subdivision, the right to control
the location and quality of appliances for telephonic
and telegraphic service to the city and county is in
cluded. By article VI, chapter i, section g, the erec
tion of poles and the laying of underground wires are
placed under the supervision of the Board of Public
Works. Telephonic and telegraphic service is desig
nated also as one of the public utilities that the muni
cipality is ultimately to acquire.
But this is all. It is sufficient to demonstrate that
the attention of the Freeholders was especially di
rected to the telephone monopoly, and, therefore, that
the plain discrimination in its favor was deliberately
planned. This proposition is also fortified by other
provisions of the new charter. Subdivision 14 of
section 1 of article 11, chapter 2. the very next to the
subdivision already mentioned, gives the Supervisors
the amplest authority to determine rates or compen
sation for the vise of water, heat, light or power.
Subdivision 27 of section 1 confers the right, as re
spects street railways, "to fix, establish and reduce,"
not to increase, "the fares and charges." Section 6
of the same chapter emphasizes this function of the
Board of Supervisors by enacting that it "shall at all
times have the power to regulate the rates of fare."
and the next section carefully applies the same rule
to franchises or privileges for transmitting electric
power or for lighting purposes.
It was quite natural for the Pacific Telephone and
Telegraph Company to support the new charter.
When that instrument was adopted its unexpected at
titude may have been attributed to a lofty motive.
But it was really prompted by the most arrant self
ishness. Like Mr. Huntington, the telephone mon
opoly went for everything in sight, knew a good thing
when it had it. and was not in business for its health.
In the rush of work toward the end of their labors the
Freeholders were certainly hoodwinked, for it is in
conceivable that any of their number used their posi
tion as a Trojan horse. -^
It would be interesting to trace the responsibility
foi this betrayal of the public interests in the midst
of an achievement that was expected to clothe the
municipality with the spotless robes of immaculate
purity.
The more important practical consideration, how
ever, is the remedy. There are many citizens, includ
ing lawyers, who believe that under the present State
constitution the rates of telephone companies can be
regelated. That is a matter for the prompt considera
tion of the Board of Supervisors, with the aid of the
City and County Attorney. But the public, which
looks to positive and intelligible law, free from legal
quibbles, demands that the necessary steps be taken
to amend the charter and frustrate the deep-laid
scheme of the telephone monopoly without a mo
ment's unnecessary delay. The process is slow at
best, but it should be speedily and effectively invoked.
'INTERNAL vigilance will undoubtedly be the
price of securing a competitive railway fran
—* chise on Geary street. If the Supervisors grant
the application of the Market street combine for per
mission to build an electric road on that thoroughfare
between Taylor street and Grant avenue they may give
away the entire subject. There is reason to
believe that the Market street company has not aban
doned its plan of securing a long franchise on Geary
street, free from the restrictions which will be thrown
around it by the new charter. It is understood that
the present franchise, which expires in 1902, will be
surrendered some time during the next three or four
months and that the present Board of Supervisors
will be asked to advertise for the sale of a privilege
upon the street, extending over the time limited by
the new charter, which is twenty-five years.
Inasmuch as the Market street company now has a
road upon the street in actual operation, it is in a p<%
sition to bid higher for a new franchise than any com
peting company, and if an award is made at this time
it will undoubtedly be able to prevent the introduc
tion of a competitor. The situation will be changed
somewhat if the sale of a franchise is postponed until
the- expiration of the present privilege. The new char
ter will then be in effect, and there w»U be some en
couragement for a competing corporation to make a
bid, with a view to securing the privilege. At all
events, the attempt of the Market street company to
gobble up this street without reference to the rights,
of the people who reside and own pioperty on it
should be thwarted.
It will be dangerous for the Board of Supervisors
to grant any privileges to the proposed "corkscrew"
line upon Geary street. That line is designed to run
over a route formerly covered by what was known as
the Central Railway Company, whose franchise on
Geary street does not expire for many years to come.
The Central company did not have the privilege of
using electricity, and to permit at the present time
the use of electricity on Geary street from Taylor to
Grant avenue may and probably will jeopardize a con
tinuous franchise for that street. No competing com
pany will desire to build a road over a line partly oc
cupied by the combine's cars.
Eternal vigilance, as we have said, is the solution
of this difficulty. The Supervisors will be recreant to
their trust if they are fooled into giving away Geary
street to this grasping corporation.
A few pessimists are of the opinion, judging from
the name of the cruiser bearing the Samoan Commis
sioners to Apia, that their High Mightinesses are in
a fair way to Badger somebody.
ETERNAL VIGILANCE.
ENTRIES FOR THE
BIG DOG SHOW
FOLLOWING are the entries for the
great bench show which will open
next week:
Mastiffs, puppy dogs— Bueno Montea, W. H.
Dick; Norman Montez, Duncan S. Hurray;
Jumbo, Edward H. Christen; Apollo. W. W.
Moore. Puppy bitches— Lola Montez. Mrs. J.
P. Norman; Psyche, W. \V. Moore; Hebe Mon
tez. J. P. Norman. Novice dogs— Wlldwood
Lad. Captain C. H. Williams; Jumbo. Edward
L. Christen; Tiger, Milton L. Shirck; Palo Alto,
Theulo Leudewig; Jingo, H. Bentley. Novice
bitches— Rosa Belle, Theolo Leudewig; Louisa
H, Frank Harper; Hebe Montez, J. P. Nor
man. Limit dugs— Wildwood Lad, Captain C.
■H. Williams; Jumbo, Edward L. Christen;
Jingo, H. Bentley; Erastus Miner, F. C. Bev
erly. Limit bitches— Esther, Albert Sutton;
Queen, Theolo Leudewig; Hebe Montez. J. P.
Norman; Louisa H, Frank Harper. Open
dogs— Wildwood Lad, Captain C. H. Williams;
Leon, Charles J. Staude; California Cube, W.
t. Meek; Jumbo, Edward L. Christen; Tim.
S« W. Moore; Major, J. P. Norman; Jingo,
H. Bentley; Erastus Miner, F. C. Beverley.
<>pen bitches— Baby Ruth, Mrs. John Staude;
Esther, Albert Sutton; Louisa H, Frank K.
Harper; Hebe Montez. J. P. Norman.
Great Danes, puppy dogs— El Rey, Enterprise
kennels; Cedric, Posen Great Dane kennels;
Blanco, Miss C. Frick; Beau Brummel, Arthur
S. Blake; Tiger, George A. Nelson; Bluster,
Ernest Smaller. Puppy bitches— Rosa. Dr. M.
F. Spiess; Queen, Felix Simon; Lady Fawn,
Arthur S. Blake; Donna Juanita, William J.
Peary Strachan. Novice, dogs— Zouroff, Posen
Great Dana kennels; Don Caesar, Mrs. G. L.
Bralnard; Bruno, Robert Werner; Beau Brum
mel. Arthur S. Blake; King R, Enterprise ken
nels; Bluster, Ernest Smaller. Novice bitches
— Olga, Posen Great Dane kennels; Lady Fawn,
Arthur S. Blake; Juliette Noble, Thomas King;
Queen, N. J. Lund; Cinderella, Enterprise ken
nels; Thelma, Enterprise kennels; Gretchen H.
F. Briggs. Limit dogs— Juan. J. L. Cunning
ham; Roderick Dhu, Posen Great Dane kennels;
Marco, W. J. Brown; Bluster, Ernest Smaller.
Limit bitches— Queen Olga, Mrs. B. Byron;
Princess Dagmar, J. L. Cunningham; Queen R,
Posen Great Dane kennels; Gretchen. H. F.
Briggs. Open dogs— lvan 11, J. L. Cunningham;
Blinker Murphy, S. F. Gallison; Bluster. Ernest
Smaller. Open bitches— Cunningham's Cham
pion Juanita, J. L. Cunningham; Orchan Tril
by. Posen Great Dane kennels; Gretchen, 11.
F. Brings.
Rough-coated St. Bernards, puppy dogs-
Frisco H, Fritz Heniecke; Prinze Clarence, J.
H. Roho and E. B. Louison; Duke of Millo,
Humboldt kennels; King Leon, Mrs. A. B.
Fately. Puppy bitches— Countess Noble H. Miss
F. Hatje; Princess Alta. Humboldt kennels;
Reka. W. E. Tebbe; Carmen Sylva, Mrs.
William Strachan; Pocahontas, Captain A.
Reed; Zullka, George A. Mudgett; Nora, George
A Mudgett; Zetta, Dr. De Puy. Novice d > KH -
Canadian Pilgrim, Philip C. Meyer; Pasha Mrs
V. Carres Driffleld; Nero, E H. Mattrieds;
Brunig. Mrs. Clyde Carmen; Rey de Alamo,
Edward A. Keld: Maleitoa I, Miss Dicka H.
Coal: Barry, John Cutter; Grand Master Jr..
William J. Peary Strachan; Grand Master Muro,
William R. Jost; Brutus Alton, Miss E. Eliza
beth Edwards; Golden Lion. Charles Newman;
Grand Master 11, W. J. Spotteswood; Bryan,
A. Young; Ramer, Dr. A. Houston ; Caesar,
j Mr*. H W. Meek: Beauty. Edith Bull: Omar
j Khay, Miss Tillle Lorraine. Novice bitches—
Mora, W. A. Coulter; Bessie C, Theodore Reth
ers; Lady Morrillo, Fred L. Morrlll; Lady of
Glazenwood. Humboldt kennels; Lady Betty,
11. C. Kirkpatrick; Lady Delight, A. Gongales;
Mfll.a, Percy Edward;; Tabor; Kate. J. H.
Hanson; Laura Alton, E. Pferdner; Queen of
the Joaquin, A. E. Muenter: Lady Theod ira,
W. H. Buehler. Limit dogs— Canadian Pilgrim,
Philip C. Meyer: Reglor Jr.. Dr. W. R. Cluness
Jr.; Pasha, Mrs. V. Cams Driffield: Nero, E.
1 1 Mattner: Prince Orange, Mrs. E. B. Thump
son, Irvington: Lord Lomond, G. W. Whitman;
Caesar, Mrs. H. W. Meek: California Ebura
"imi, H. White; Reality M. Edith Bull.
Rough coated St. Bernards, open dogs— Omar
Khayyan. Miss Tillie Lorraine. Op-n bitches—
i Ch. Montana Queen (for special only), Mrs.
i E. F. Beck: Melrose Silvia. Fred H. Rush
| nell; Princess Rachel, George A. Mudgett
I Smooth coated St. Bernards, puppy dogs and
i bitches— Maybella. Frits Heinecke: Hhyn. Leon
S. Greenebaum; Bianca. William C. Mr-ink;
i Gringo, A. F. Salazar; Nnma, George A.
i Mudgett. Novice dogs and bitches— Rhyn,
Leon S. Greenebaum; Molrose 111. Fred L.
Merrill; Cauerbert, J. Dilhari, General B,
Charles T. Battelle; Salvator, George P. Gar
della; Gringo,- A. J. Salazar; Lady I'na, J'.hn
1:. Kelly. Limit dogs and bitches— Rhyn, Leon
S. Greenob^um: Fannie, Frank J. Kntietsch;
Alta Judith. Humboldt kennels; Geneva B,
Charles T. Battelle; Harold Navarro, Miss
Mabel Cluff: Bianca of Hawensteln, F. Frcy.
Open dogs and bitches— Rhyn. Leon S. Greene
! bautn: General B, Charles T. Battelle; Cham
pion ie Prince Jr., Fred H. Bushnell; Leo of
Ilnwenstein, F. Frey.
Newfoundlands, puppy dog-s— Major. Walter
I Cook. Novice dogs and bitches- Rex O. F. H.
Smith; Henry C, H. C. Jones. Limit dogs and
bitches— Henry C, H C. Jones. Open digs
and bitches— Prince, James McEnroe; Dun. M.
J. Fairfleld; George M. William Mirz; Henry
C, H. C. Jones.
Deerhounds, limit dogs nnd bitches— Marco,
Mrs. W. B. Hooper. Open dogs and bitches-
Lassie H. Mrs. W. B. Hooper.
(Ir-yhounds, novice dogs— Victor King, Mllo
kennels: Rook Island Boy, Milo kenneU; John
W 11, W. W. Benchley.
Greyhounds, novice bitches— Snow, Dr. W. F.
McNutt. Limit dogs— Victor King, Milo ken
nel.*; Kock Island Boy, Milo kennels; John W
11. W. W. Benchley. Open dogs— Victor King,
Milo kennels; Rock Inland Boy, Milo kennels;
I Imported Ski, Rlncon kennels: John E 11. W.
W. Benchley. Open bitches— lmported Swedish,
Rlncon kennels; Systematic, Dominick Shan
non.
American foxhounds, puppy dogs— Brunner,
Nelson & Buchan; Rush, J. Fender; Milk
Punch, Mrs. F. W. San leraon. Puppy bitches—
Queenie, Nelson & Buchan; Mountain Fanny,
Nelson & Bdchan; Fanny N, J. Fender; Cocoa,
W. H Furthing. Novice dogs— King, Fred
Baltzer; Ring J C. N. Selfridge. Novice
I'H. ties — Maggie, William August; Nellie U. W.
< '. Brown; Skip, W. \V. Locke; Jennie, Fred
Braimer; Cocoa, W. H. Farthing. Limit dogs-
Max, J. H. Fisher Jr.; Drum, G. S. Fender.
Limit bitches — Queen N, H. i\ Nelson.
dogs— General Moltke. Charles K. Harlejc;
Judge, J. H. Rabekes; Hail. S. S. Fender. Upen
bitches— Melba C, A. W. Combs.
Borzois or Russian wolfhounds, open doga
and bitches— Helen Hunt, Joseph H. Spencer.
Bloodhounds, puppy dogs and bitches— Rodger,
Irving C. Ackerman. Open dogs and bitches—
Rodger. Irving C. Ackerman.
Chesapeake Bay dogs, open dogs and bitches
—Duchess. E. H. Mattner, M. D.
Pointers, puppy dogß— Ben All, Yosemlte ken
nels. Puppy bitches— Rita Croxteth C, Yosem
ite kennels.
Fifty-five pounds or over, novice dogs—Ken
wood Joe, W. B. Coulter; Sam's Bow, W. S.
Tevis; Rainbow. George W. Russell; Glendale,
William Rlngrose; Farand. Mrs. H. McCarthy-
I Bob, Robert J. Boyer; Senator P, J. \V.
i Flynn; Leo. W. H. Farthing.
Under fifty-five pounds, novice dogs— Plain
Sam's Son. Verona kennels: Bud, Clark & Ken
nedy; Niger Joe, W. B. Coutts.
Under fifty pounds, novice bitches— Debora,
Louis Schneider; (Jingo's Bagpipe, W. S Tevis'
Vega B, W S. Tevis.
Fifty-five pounds or over, limit dogs— Cuba of
Kenwood, W. S. Tevis ; Don G, E. H. Gladwin-
Senator P. J. W. Flynn: Leo, W. H. Farthing.
Fifty pounds or over, limit bitches— Yosemite
Girl. Yosemlte kennels. Under fifty-five pounds
limit dogs— Asiiury. Formerly Bummer w m'
O. Feudner; Plain Sam's Son, Verona keaielB 1
P. I. Butler; Buck of Kent. Yo-em-
Ite kennel*
Under titty pounds, limit bitches— Nellie Wil
son, W. S. Tevis; Sister Glenbeigh B, William
Gall; Yosemlte Maid, Yosemite kennels
Fifty-five poundh or over, open dogs— Cuba
of Kenwood (Stockdale kennels) W. S Tevis-
Sam's Bow, W. S. Tevie; Gelnson, Benjamin j'
Baum; Joe D, A. Barker; Senator P J W
Flynn: Leo, W. H. Furthing.
Fifty pounds or over, open bitches— Gill. A
Barker.
Under fifty-five pounds, open dogs— Ashbury
(formerly Bummer dog), M. O. Feudner; Kick
O. N. (Mountain View kennels), J. E Lucas-
Aleck C (Mountain View kennels), J. E. Lucaa :
Upton of Blithe. Elcho kennels.
Under fifty-five pounds, open bitches— Beulah
G. H. C. Golcher; Nellie Wilson, W. S Tevi-
Nora S. David Scott: Sister Glenbelgh G Wil
liam Gall: Ella E (Mountain View kennels) J
E. Lucas; Queen High (Mountain View ken
nels), J. E. Lucas; Queen, Ney L Donovan.
English setters, puppy dogs— Leister, Thomas
R. Dixon; Dewey. Charles Easton; Sport John
D. Detels. Novice dogs— Rex Jr.. B. K. Smith-
Wilklt. Hermann F. Mulier; Spot. Lew A."
Knnigshoper; Monk of Frisco. George Walker;
Merry Prince. W. B. Coutts; Verona California.
Gardiner & Betton: Dan. C. L. Dietz; Sport \V,
W. L. Whepley. Novice bitches — Fanny, John
J. Dyer; Melba T, Gong Ting; Queenie, Har
court G. Briggs. Limit dogs— Keystone R
John J. Dougherty. Limit bitches— IMle n
John H. Detels- Queen Bess, William M. Fltz
morrlH; Dolly V, Yosemite kennels. Open dogs
— Monk of Frisco, George Walker: Tray Spot,
A 1 >ecourtieux; Duke of Furness, Harry M
Nixon; Sport W, W. L. Whepley. Open bitches
— Qiieenie. Harcourt G. Briggs; Peach Nugget.
Gardiner & Betton; Flora W. Philip M. Wand.
Irish setters, puppy dogs— Jack, F. H. Glb-
Bon Puppy bitches— Lady Josle TT, Howard
Black. Novice dogs— Duke, William Ali°y Til
ley; Rex, O. W. Nnrdwell; Wallace Swivelpr,
Thomas Russell; Morte, J. L. Griffith: Count
Muck Tudor J Tledemann. Novice bitches-
Sappho, Miss Birdie de Vaull: Queen Bess 11.
Dv Val Moore; Dixie Queen, J. J. Wells.
Limit dogs— Wnllace Swlveler. Thomas Russell;
Harrymore, Glenmore kennels; Finglass Jr.,
Glenmore kennels; Glenarme, Mrs. J. P. Mar
tin- Mike Swlveler T, Elcho kennel 9. Limit
bitches— Sappho, Miss Birdie de Vaull; Maid
of Glenmore, Glenmore kennels: Lady Swlv
eler Elcho kennels. Open dogs— Wallace Swtv
eler! Thomas Russell; Glenarme. Mrs. J. p.
Mart'n; Champion Nemo 11, Elcho kennels;
Lad of Glenmore. George B. M. Gray; Count
Mack Tudor J. E. Tiedemann. Open bitches —
Sappho Miss Birdie de Vaull: Lady Juno,
Howard Black; (for exhibition only), Champion
Lighting, Elcho kennels.
Gordon setters, novice dogs and bitches —
Rienzl. Dr. F. Fehleisen. Limit dogs and
bitches— Rlenzl, Dr. F. Fehleisen; Clarmont.
Ehret Bros.; Peter, F. C. Kent. Open do^-3
and bitches — Rienzt, Dr. F. Fehleisen; Queen
A. H. Palmer; 801 IM, J. H. W. Mullei ;
Dick 111. Fred A. Elliott: Echo Clinton. Ehret
Bros.
Field trial class, dngs— Ashbury, formerly
Bummer, W. M. O. Feudner: Cuba of Ken
wood, W. S. Tevis; Sam's Bow, W. S. Tevis;
▲leek C. Mountain View kennel. J. E. Lucas,
Wlcklcw, A. T. Leonard; Senator, J. W. Flynn.
Bitches— Nellie Wilson, W. S. Tevis.
Irish \\ ater Spaniels, puppy dogs and bitches
—Robert Emmet, .S. \V. Horton. Dogs and
bitches— Tarn o' Shanter, Ph. Borlandt-r, Roiie
OGrady, William H. Bryan. Open dogs and
bitches— Ch Dan Maloney, W. H. Williams;
Belle Marsh. W. H. Williams.
Field Spaniels, puppy dogs and bitches— Royd
Monarch 111, N. G. K. Boyd. Novice dogs and
bitches— Royd Monarch 111, N. G. K. Boyd.
Limit dogs and bitches— Royd Monarch 111.
N. G. K. Boyd. Open dogs and bitches— Rondo,
Mrs. A. F. Marsh; Royd Monarch 111, N. G.
K. Hoyd; Fowler, M. J. Church.
Cocker Spaniels, black, puppy dogs— Duke
Robin, A. Herman; Brigadier. J. W. Meredith:
Oakland Fascination, Oakland Cocker kennels;
Roeder, Mrs. J. F. Nolan; Duke Pispania, W.
T. Roeder. Puppy bitches— Plumeria Princess,
Plumeria Cocker kennels; Miss Frisco, Max
Hvmnn; Maid of Oakland, Oakland Cocker ken
nels; Peggie, T. G. Walkington; Jersey Count
ess, T. W. Lottridge. Novice dogs— Oakland
Knight, Mrs. K. A. Duff; Brigadier, J. W.
Meredith; Redwood Forest Redwood Cocker
kennels. Novice bitches— Woodland Lottie, W.
C. Ralston; Oakland Tippo, T. Brown; Red
wood Betsy. W. C. Ralston: Gyp. H. H. Carl
ton. Limit dogs— Brigadier J. W. Meredith;
Pronto Pastime, Mrs. P. W. Pray; Dufferin
Pastime, Redwood Cocker kennels; Pedro, Mrs.
Webster Jones. Limit bitches— Woodland Lot
tie, W. c. Ralston; Peg Wofflngton, Redwood
Cocker kennels; Gyp, H. H. Carlton. Open
do^— champion Woodland Duke (to compete
for specials only). W. C. Ralston: Champion
Viscount. Plumeria Cocker kennels; Brigadier,
J. W. Meredith: Black Tighe (to compete for
specials only). Oakland Cocker kennels; Cham
pion Havoc, Redwood Cocker kennels.
Cocker Spaniels black open bitches—Prin
cess Flavia. W. C. Ralston; Woodland Lottie.
W. C. Ralston; Champion Polly Pastime, Red
wood Cocker kennels; Florita, T. A. Sweeney;
Gyp. H. H. Carlton.
Other than black, puppy bitches— Baby Ora,
Plumerian Cocker kennels. Novice Mtches—
Baby Ora. Flunierian Cocker kennels; Red
wood Virgy, Redwood Cocker kennels. Limit
dogs, other than black— Oakland Gold Fish.
Oakland Cocker kennels: La Paloma, Redwood
Cocker kennels. Open dogs, other than black—
Colorado. Redwood Cocker kennels. Open
bitches, other than black— Ratlette, Mies Edith
G. Creagh; Toots W, Redwood Cocker kennels:
Oakslde Trilby, formerly Banner Nelly, Oak-
Eide kennels.
Collies, puppy dogs— Verona Broker. Joseph
L. Eppinger; Winters Ormskirk. John McCcr
mick; Wrona Mint's Admiral. Verona kennels;
Verona Pale Face. Verona kennels: Highland
Duke, James Amorland. Puppy bitches — B.
Gold Floss, John McCormick; Verona Admiral
Mint. Verona Kennels. Novice dogs— Verona
1-irnker, Joseph L. Eppinger; Don J'>?e, W. R.
Fischer; Verona Mint's Admiral; Verona ken
nels; Verona Pale Face. Verona kennels; Orms
kirk Harry. S. A. Sharp: Ned. Miss Maude
Cameron; Alton Clifton Jr., Maurice V. Sam
uels; Yarrow Chief. Dr. J. Wilson Shield*;
Jack, Edward Kavanaugh. Novice bitches-
Verona Admiral Mint. Verona kennels; Lady
Ormonde. Mrs. Fred Bitzer: Rosie. W. H. P.
Wirthle; Lassie Jean, Miss J. E. Connell.
Limit dogs— Verona Broker. Joseph L. Eppin
ger; Verona Approbation. Verona kennels;
Ormsklrk Harry, S. A. Sharp; Alton Clifton
Jr., Maurice V. Samuels. Limit bitches—Heath
er Molly, Verona kennels; Rosie. W. R. P.
Wirthle. Open dogs — Verona Broker. Jostph L.
Eppinger; Old Hall Admiral (specials only),
Verona kennels; Verona Braw Scut, Verona
kennels: Orniskirk Harry. S A. Sharp. Cpou
bitches— Champion Heather Mint i specials
only). Verona kennels; Verona Bonnie Brae,
Verona kennels; Roxie. W. R. P. Wirthle.
Dalmatians, open dogs and bitches— Hector.
Dr. W. F. McNutt; Ajax. same.
Poodles, limit dogs and bitches — Duchess,
Frank Miner Open dogs and bitches— Rigolo.
O. A. Bernard.
Bulldops, novice dogs and bitches— Mike,
Harry Cushing. Open dogs and bitches— Mike.
Harry Cushing.
Bull terriers, puppy dogs— Rudyard, Mrs.
John Talt; Woodcote Venom 11. S. Christian
son; Royal Bluff. Philip C. Meyer. Puppy
bitches— Queen, J. Krabbenhoff. Novice dogs-
Venom H, A. Hirsch; Romeo. W. F. Fried
hqfer: Royal Venom. Philip J. Fay; Captain C,
William F. Watson; Tempo, F. A. Brau ;
Rowdy, V. Simon; FltzFlmmons. Miller &
Blazer; Scout. G. A. BergT; Banjo T. K.
James. Novlc« bitches— Mazie H, Mrs. C L.
Hondry; Young Starlight. Mrs. J. F. (). Corn
stock; Magic Harper. Alex Hyde; Pearl, J. \V.
Thrasher. Limit dogs, thirty-five pounds or
under— Banjo. T. K. James. Limit bitches,
thirty pounds or under— Daisy Harper, H. J.
Bn :ss: Pearl, J. W. Thrasher. Limit dogs,
over thirty-five pounds— Venom H. A. Hirsch:
Tabasco, Richard H. Roundtree; Teddy I
velt. E. Attridge. Limit bitches, over thirty
pounds— Mazy H. Mrs. C. N. Hendry; Wood
cote Queen, John T. Connelly: Rlbbs, A. Del
low; Young Starlight, Mrs. J. F. O. Cnmstock-
Lily, J. \V. VVheeland. Open dogs, thirty-five
pounds or under— Rastus, John Tait: Venom H
A. Hirsch; Snipes. R. E. Miller: Uncle Sam'
John King; I'inchls. F. J. Donnelly: Banjo, t!
K. James. Open bitches, thirty pounds or un
der— Pearl, J. W. Thrasher. Oppn dogs, over
thlrty-fi\T? pounds— Royal Venom. Philip J. Fay-
Victor, John Gleason; Tabasco, Richard H
Roundtree, Saint Blaise, E. Attridge. Open
bitches, over thirty pounds— Mazy H, Mrs C
L. Hendry.
F"\ terriers, wire hair, limit dogs and
bitches— Dewey, G. A. Pope; Riley Grannan
J. P. Atkin Open dogs and bitches— Riley
Grannan, J. P. Atkin.
Fox terriers, smooth coated, puppy dogs
Carite, D. T. Murphy: Golden r>andy, J. C.
McLatchle: Beau Brummel, Miss Florence
Dunigan; Bunski, Mrs. A. Celiier: Sam's
Mount. S R. Mount: Scorcher, Dominick
Shannon; Baby M. Miss Edith Bull; Aldon
Artist, Rev J. W. Flinton. Puppy bitches
Victorian Countess 11, Miss Edith Beers'
Trlxie, Charles Tracy: Richmond Ivory. T. C.
M. Collins; Richmond Jewel, T. C. M. Col
lins; Spark, George L. Woolrick; Delia Fox
Ed T. Wheeler; Nomad Pouape, J. F. Rose-
Soley: Santa Rosa, Dominick Shannon: Ver
caitat, William Halley; Victoria Judy, Rev.
J. W. Flinton. Novice dogs— Punch, G. J. m!
E. 'd'Aquin; Carver Doon. W. W. Moore King
Tom. William H. Hill; St. Vigiland, William
J. Peary Strachan; Fernando, Charles W.
Neal; Koko, J. A. Sargent: Baby M Mi^s
Edith Bull: Aldon Artist, Rev. J. W. Flin
ton. Novice bitches — Mission Idol, Charles X
Harley; Fanny B, John M. Byrne; Golden
Poppy, William J. Peary Strachan; Flirtation
California Jockey Club kennels; Bessie, Count
Cenle Limit dogs— Defender, Norman S
d' Evelyn, Carver Doon, W. W. Moore'
Golden Dirk. California Jockey Club kennel«-
Baby, Montell Taylor: Warren Sage J fi'
Martin: Koko, J. A. Sargent: Baby il Miss
Edith Bull: Aldon Artist, Rev. J. B. Flinton
Limit bitches— Mission Idol, Charles X Har
ley; Fanny B, John M. Byrne; Golden Sun
shine, J. B. Martin; Bessie, Count Cenle
Open dogs— Defender, Norman S. d'Evelyn"
Miss Rex, J. H. Dibbern; Dauntless Ruler E -
S. Rowley; Golden Flash 11. J. B Martin :
Baby M. Miss Edith Bull; Aldon Artist Rev
J. B. Flinton; Aldon Swagger, Rev J B
Flinton. Open bitches— Fanny B, John' M*
Byrne: Dauntless Sensation, W. H McFee-
Champion Golden Jewel, J. B. Martin- H--^'
Count Cenle; Aldon Radiance, Rev ' j " b'
Flinton.
Boston Terriers, limit dogs and bitches— Con
sul. Mrs. Josephine Wallace; Oakside's Fre
mont (.formerly Fremont). Oakside kennels
Open dogs— Consul, Mrs. J. Wallace; Oakt-ide's
Fremont (formerly Fremont), Oakside kennels
Pups— George Drake. Open bitches— Oakside's
Bessie (formerly Bessie). Mrs. H. H. Carlton
Irish Terriers, novice dogs and bitches—Bar
ney Boy, Miss Alice J. Barber. Limit iloks and
bitches— Trilby H, F. Holmes; Pat H Mist, W
B. Hooper; Mike. T. H. Mitchell. Open dogs
and bitches— Barney Fagan. Messrs Howard
and Martin; Mike. F. H. Mitchell.
Black and Tan or Manchester Terriers onen
dogs and bitches— Tout Suite, C. T. One' Maa.
ter Joe. Ed Dimekel.
Skye Terriers, puppy dogs and bitches— Nancy
George H. Brown. *•
Yorkshire Terriers, limit dogs— Tiny E Att
ridge. Limit bitches— Bradford Mamie' E Att"
ridge. Open dogs— Little Joker. E. \ttridee"
Open bitches— Gypsey, E. Attridge.
Spitz or Pomeranian. limit dogs and bitches
—Snowball, G. W. Cushing. Open dogs and
bitches-Ophelia. George H. Wallis.
Japanese Spaniels, open dogs and bitches
Jap H. Ml?? F. Hatje: Lady Mine Mrs M
Hatje; Nippon, Mrs. H. W. Reddan; Skiddles!
Mrs. G. W. Berry; Jap. Miss Viola C. C.
Percy.
Dachshund?, novice dogs nnd Mtches— Dach
sie. Dr. W. Winterherg. Limit dog? and blti he^
-Waltien. C. W. Gross: Waldo, C. W. G
Prince. C. W. Gross; Gioss. C. W. Gross. Open
does and bitches— J. B. Rrinhardt.
Pugs, novice does and bltch»s— Toddie L. Miss
Vera Gonzales. Limit dogs and hitches— Tod
die L Miss Vera Gonzal-s. Open digs and
bitches — Roxy. Mrs Samuel Dns.nhery: Bo&s,
Irving C. Ackerman: Niger. S. E. Moore: Tod
die L. Miss L. Gon-/n>s
Toy Terriers, other than Yorkshire, under ■
seven pounds, ripen dogs and bitches— Mid*ot
L. Miss Eileen Leonard; Midge) 11. F. C. Far
ley; Mosie, F. S. Farley: Muggins, Mrs. W. A.
Burns: Tiny. W. IT. Hiller.
Italian Greyhounds, puppy doprs and bitches
— Baby. Mrs. William A. Diane; BlUevet, Mrs.
William A. Deane. Limit dngs and bitches—
Queenie, Mrs. William A. Deane. Open doge
and bitches, pup— Mrs. WilHnm A Deane
Miscellaneous class, open dogs— Sultan. Mrs.
A. F Chamnt; Gyp. David K. Petersen: Choso,
Edwin Tooker; Soapy Smith. SI Bernard Club
of California: BUCK, W. H. TTIUer: Carite D
T Murphy. Open bitches— Midey. Mrs. T. A.
Persse: Oliver. Thomas J. Edsecomb. M. D.
HELP FOR THE AGED.
Mrs. Sabin Opens Her Home for the
Episcopal Old Ladies.
The reception ami musicals given vps
terday afternoon at the residence of Mrs.
John I. Sabin. 2528 California street, for
the benefit of the Episcopal Old Ladies'
Home, was both a financial and social
success. The beautiful home was crowded
during the afternoon and evening, and
special attention was paid to the excellent
musical programme. Miss Miller, pianiste.
Miss Millie Flynn. Frank Coffin and Dan
Gornam contributed to the afternoon
programme.
In the evening the choir of Grace
Church, under the direction of Professor
Holt, contributed the musical part of the
entertainment. Among the soloists were
Hnmpr Henley, Mr. vaccho and Henry
Holmes, the English violinist who has
lately created a marked "fnsation here.
The gem of the evening was the Minia
tures "in which pretty gtr s posed The
Pictures included "Autumn." by Miss Sa
bin "A Portrait Study " Miss Southack;
"Queen Louise of Prussia, by Miss Prin
dle: "Pompadour." by Miss <*$>**• and
"Princess Postowka." by Miss Kline.
Mrs. Sabin, assisted by t».e ladies of the
board, received the guests. The hours of
the entertainment were from 2 till o in the
afternoon anTfrcm 8 till 12 in the evening.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. S. Valentine, a Fresno banker, Is at
the Lick.
Superior Judge C. E. Mclaughlin of
Qulncy, Cal., is at the Russ.
H. S. Allen, a mining superintendent of
Sonora. is located at the Grand.
J. G. Scott, proprietor of the Lick Paper
Mills, at San Jose, is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
J. C. Walker, a Fresno capitalist, is reg
istered at the Lick with his wife and
J daughter.
B. D. Murphy came up from San Jose
yesterday morning and took quarters at
the Palace.
C. Tinkham. manager of the Sierra Mill
and Lumber Company at Chlco.ia staying
at the Grand. '
W. A. Veith and H. J. Pfluger, 'wo
large fruit-growers of Fresno, are regis
tered at the Grand.
Frank R. Wehe, District AttornAy nt
Downieville, Is at the Lick, accompanied
by his wife and son.
Judge J. F. Davis of Jackson, Dr. A. E.
Mackay and wife of Portland. Or., ar«
among the arrivals at the Palace.
J. F. Beck, a Montana capitalist, who
has returned from Honolulu, where he
went with a view to making investments,
is at the Russ.
J. W. Wiley, a business man of Med
ford. Or., and J. W. Donohue, represent
-1 ative of a mining syndicate in Sonora,
; Mexico, are late arrivals at the Russ.
State Senator C. D. Clarke of Wyoming,
! who has been visiting in Hawaii with his
i wife, registered at the Palace yesterday.
They will leave for their home in Evans
ton shortly.
Viscount M. <le Labry of France and
his wife were among the passengers on the
' America Maru, which arrived yesterday.
They have engaged apartments at the
Caifornia and return from a protracted
visit to Honolulu.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 2S.— Walter Green of
San Francisco Is at the Imperial. Mrs.
C. Meyer of San Francisco is at the
Savoy.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
IDAHO— I. M. H., City. Idaho was ad
mitted as a State of the Union on the 3d
of July, IS9O.
EMBASSADORS— C. C, Napa, Cal. This
department has not been able to find any
law that authorizes or prohibits the
United States from acquiring property in
a foreign country as > residence for an
Embassador.
CHICAGO AND NEW YORK— J. H. R.,
City. The population of New York City
prior to the consolidation was given as
1 957.254 and that of Chicago at the same
time at 1,950,000. The population of New
York since it has become Greater New
York is 3,549,558.
TO STOP A PAPER— F. A. H.. Alex
ander Valley. Cal. If a publishing house
continues to send you a paper after the
time of subscription has expired, and you
; have notified the publishers that you no
. longer desire it and you refuse to receive
! it from the postmaster, then you cannot
be held responsible to the publishers.
UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN
COINS— F. S.. Palo Alto, Cal. A 1 cent
piece of United States coinage, dated 1799.
in fair or good condition, commands a
premium of $5 to $10. A Massachusetts
one-cent piece with arrows in talon oppo
site M in Massachusetts commands a pre
mium from $2 50 upward, acording to con
dition. The other coins named in the let
. ter of inquiry do not command any pre
mium.
A POINT IN CASINO— G. G. and M.,
City. In playing casino, if A has six
points to go and B has five points, A
! makes cards, big casino and one ace,
> equal to six points, and B makes spades,
] little casino and three aces, A goes out
] first, as he has the first right to count by
■ reason of having cards. In this game the
! one who holds cards is always entitled to
• count first, and if he has enough points
I to go out the other player or players need
not count.
CALIFORNIA SAVINGS AND LOAN—
V. R. and A. S., City. The California
[ Savings and Loan Society in liquidation
: has paid three dividends, the last on«
j in October, 1896, the total paid in dlvi
: dends to that date being 13 per cent.
• Since that time the bank has exchanged
! real estate It held for depositors' books
' and in that way has made a settlement,
; including dividends, equal to 53 per cent.
There is no telling when another divi
dend can be declared, as it is impossible
to know when property still held by the
bank can be realized upon.
I—■1 — ■ ♦ ■
Broken baby cream. 15c Tb. Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Moved to 73 Fourth st. Best eyeglasses,
specs, 15c to 40c. Look out for No. 73. •
■♦ » >
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits. 50c It), in fire-etched
boxes or Jap baskets. 627 Market st. •
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
i gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A Gentle Fint.
He— Can you tie a true lover's knot,
■ Miss Willing?
She— No: but I can give you the r.ddress
of a clergyman who, I am sure, would be
I only too 'glad to oblige you.— Chicago
! News. ._
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Santa Fe Route.
Three times a week: 3U iinr to Chicago. 4»4
days to New ~-<>rk. Handsomest train and most
I complete service. Full . artlculara at 628 Mar
ket street.
When your appetite deserts you Just try 10
to 20 drops of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitter*
In sherry or port wine before meals.
■ m ■
SOURCE OF THE FUN.
"Why do people laugh at me?" asked
; Emperor William. "Am I such a joke?"
"Oh. no, your Majesty." replied the
1 minion. "You are perfectly serious."—
. North American.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
WOVAI B*KINOPOWpg»CO..NEW YORK.ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE
LARGEST AND BEST
STOCK
OF SPRING
SKIRTS,
UNDERWEAR,
NECKWEAR
HOSIERY, Etc,
Ever Shown in the City
AT
Factory
Prices.
rM iOCb*
We are the largest retail deal-
ers of Men's Furnishing Goods
on this coast.
Eagleson & Co.,
74S and 750 Market st.
242 Montgomery st.
Factory, 535 Market St.
Lovely
as a
Spring
Bonnet
And every line bristles
with crispness. Take a
copy of to-day's News
Letter home and make
your wife happy.
j T i£ SAVE YOUR MONEY! ;'
; JjjL Prom $10 to $17.50 \
'] iP§&/&, You can get the best All-Wool i
1 Ssj^efjj*; fip Suit Made to Order at \
'WTJOE POHEIM; 1
i TS^i^^ ' : >' ou want a first-cast, j 1
1 K'Si*" ; we l-ii't n~ sut o'c othes <'
tsi ' f'om $20 to $40 -o to i
; 11 JOE POHEIM [
\ ■*»« r;n< ? Clothes at 25 per |
1 V! cert less than elsewhere.
! 201-203 Montg-.mery St., Cor. Bush, i
tllO-Il!2 Market St.. S. F. i
SKIN, SCALP, /®^
COMPLEXION. fi**s
Itching, burnlnK, irritated skin. Sgy^ S)
sraly, crusted scalps, falling hair tCSSS* 6^
and dandruff and blemtshed com- ' .—^
|.!exi ins Instantly relieved and restored to a
l.paithy. natural condition by the dally use of
W'OODBURT.'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They ar* strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Sold everywhere.
000000000000000000
%™ PALACE **?%
%GRAND» orE L s g
_ SAN FRANCISCO. o
Connected by a cover--'! passageway.
0 1400 Room— 900 w. h 3ath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. gi.OO per d«y and upward Q
American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward rt
'J Correspondence Solicited. *»
0 JOHN C. KIRZPATRICK. Manager. O
OCOCGOCCOCOOOOOOOO
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO NOT DESPAIR] DotiotSuf
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be rei-toicd to you. The very
worst c <»••* of \ervoii» Debility are
rilisohiiely cured t»y PEKFECTO
I'Altl.l lv Give prompt relief to in-
xomnia. failing memory and the waitte
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'y years.
Imp ■ vißor and potency to every func-
tion Brace up tlie •<ys'em. Give y^Rjk bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of A^»T\younB or old.
Ime Me box renews vital energy. f»l»J 6 boxes at
>-2. SO .i i >Mip>t«-i. r mirante «'d curt «ji^ur money re-
funded. Can b» enrried ir. vent pocket. Sold
rMTvifhir* ' t milled m ptMn vnvvr on iTfipt of
v ...,; ■„, ti ■■ :,\ -'•••■>-«. in.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
/J^X LADIES DO KHOW
£ S**f DR. FELIX LEBRUN'S
W* *\ Steel f Pennyroyal Treatment
J* J is the oripnftl and only FRENCH.
§ r -«afe and reliable care on the mar-
y u -^kct. Pricfl, $1.00; Bent by mail*
r \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLUENDER i CO.. bole A|<uti,
214 Kearny it., Ban Franciaco.
i^taß Museum of Anatomy
J BHI 15511imW8T.tet.6tt*7ti,8.r.C»L
m . 5 W The LargtitofiuilDdintb* World.
$fcH\ DR. JORDAN— Private Disease*.
f\ | of* Marriage.
... - . - — . -
«XT HHKft Tfl Gleet. Spermatorrhoea
/rfr-Jr It lu> i-t*j».\i "hues, unnatural li»-
-ffrW l ' tlr » nt "' 1 IS !' ! 'rR->« # or nor inflarnm»-
flofew mi to iirtturt. ti"?., irritation or uirera-
Ci PtlT " v eoal»cion. tl.,n of iji ti co v « mem-
r ' FE<AH3 CHEM:f n Co. l)r ane«. Non-astringent. ,
mAc:nunnati,o H| Sola >>7 Urnniiu.
<^»?V V.3.*. Jfi.it V r H( ' nt i! 1 plain wrapper,
JSgJsli^MSßb RUPTURE.
WgL^JJITZBm u t;6E NO MOIUB IBON
HUMM«Rr Hoc or Steel Bprtnn.
tr'tt'filSrZr^ Rupture retained with ea«e
U^^mF^X. anil comfort, and thousands radi-
■ fRk cally CURED by DR. PIKR^B"
VI /J£f^ Matnetic Elastic Truss. rr Call U
v^&.r rtflceor write for New Pamphlet Na L
MAONHTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
UO Market St.. opp. Faiace Hotel. Ban Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAiiKV AND WASHINGTON .STti.—
mudeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
to. Kuropean plan. Rooms, 60c to $150 day;
$5 to :■ week; is to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; (Ire grate* in every
room; elevator runs all night.
A FIGHT FOR
BLOOD MONEY ON
COLUMBIA RIVER
Heavy Demands by
Boarding Masters.
CAPTAINS SEEKING MEN HERE
I
CREWS BEING SENT NORTH TO
MAN THE SHIPS.
! America Maru Arrives and Coptic
Sails for the — President
Farrell o*: the Pacific Coast
Company Here.
; ,
The trouble between the shipmasters
and boarding masters on the Columbia ;
River has been transferred in a measure :
to San Francisco. As stated in yester
day's Call, the boarding masters will not
accept the month's advance allowed by
law, but are demanding $100 "blood
money." The captain of the British ship [
Balmoral tried to escape paying the tax ''■
by bringing nine men from San Francisco ■
to fill the vacancies in his crew, but he j
failed. The boarding masters were wait
ing for the men and enticed them away
as soon as they set foot on shore.
The venture of Captain Campbell of
the Balmoral was watched with a great
deal of interest, as seven other vessels
want crews, and their captains refuse to i
pay $1W for each sailor put aboard by the
boarding master. The vessels lying in i
the Columbia River and either loading or |
loaded for Europe are the Balmoral, How- j
ard D. Troop, Varana. British Princess, I
Wallacetown, Iverna and Marechal Su
chet.
Like the Balmoral, the Howard D. I
Troop is ready to sail and Captain Corn- j
ing wants seventeen men. He refused to j
pay the blood money, and he and the :
boarding masters had a lively alterca- I
tion, which resulted in the price of each j
sailor being advanced $12. Captain Corn- i
ing then determined to secure a crew :
from this port and the boarding masters
determined to balk him. ;
The master of the Howard D. Troop j
went to work very quietly and sent his |
chief officer and an agent to San Fran- i
Cisco to secure a crew of seventeen men. !
The mate had instructions not to stick at !
a few dollars' advance in wages, but to ■
bring back the men and so outwit the \
boarding masters. The latter were not
Idle, however, and as soon as the mate ]
and the agent started for this city Dick j
McCarron and two other boarding mas- !
ters were on their track. Thursday the |
mate of the Howard D. Troop secured a |
number of sailors and yesterday morn- |
Ing he started them for Astoria on the |
steamer State of California, in charge of !
the agent. On the same steamer went ;
one of the Columbia River boarding mas- j
ters. He says he will get to the ear of ;
the sailors, and that when Astoria is !
reached not one of the men will join the j
vessel.
Tuesday next the mate of the Troop
and the remainder of the crew will start
for Astoria on the Grace Dollar and on !
the same ship will go Dick McCarron and :
I the rest of the boarding masters. They |
will undoubtedly prevent the sailors from j
I joining the Troop, and in consequence th»
i ship will have a big expense bill piled up |
j against her, and Captain Corning will be j
! no better off than he was before the fight
! began. He is a fighter, however, and as
Baifour. iuthrle & Co., Glrvin & Eyre, |
G. W. McNear and other large charterers I
of vessels are on his side, the battle is i
likely to be a bitter one. On th. next at
tempt to send men from here the chances
are that the vessel will be at anchor at
the mouth of the Columbia River and .1
tug will be there ready to take her to
sea. Then as soon as the steamer ar- ;
rives from San Francisco the sailors will .
be bundled aboard the tug and they will i
S be transferred to the waiting ship, which
will then put to sea.
The Japanese mail steamer America
i Maru arrived from the Orient yesterday
I afternoon. She brought up 116 cabin pas- i
sengers, the majority of whom came |
from Honolulu, and 223 Chinese in the j
steerage. It took a long time to transfer j
the Chinese to the quarantine station and I
It was after 5 p. m. before the steamer]
got to her dock. Shy was twenty-nine i
days from Hongkong, seventeen days ;
fro"m Yokohama and six days one hour
from Honolulu. During the early part of (
the Voyage the America Maru encoun- i
tered strong east-northeast winds and a
rough head sea and throughout the last
twenty-four hours .he had to buck a i
strong northwest gale and a high con- j
fused sea. - ' ' '. ' „ , , i
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship j
Company's steamer Coptic sailed for the j
Orient yesterday. She carried a very ,
large cargo and a great many passengers. ;
Never in the history or the port has the j
freight and passenger traffic between San
Francisco and the Orient been as heavy
es it is at the present lime. |
Captain Charles Austin has taken com- |
mand of the schooner John G. North and
will take her to Hawaii. He replaces Cap
tain Christiansen, who retires. Captain
Austin is very popular in the sugar trade,
having been eight years mate of the Al
-1 den Besse and one year master of the
Maid of Orleans.
President J. Farrell of the Pacific Coast
Company arrived from Puget Sound last
Thursday on a tour of inspection. He
looked over all the company's steamers
yesterday and from here will go to Port
Harford, where he will inspect the San
Luis Obispo Railroad.
CYCLERS MUST NOT SCORCH.
Park Commissioners Will Not Allow
Fast Riding on Any of the
Drives.
The {'ark Commissioners, thoughtful of
their duty to the people who seek the pub
lic playground for recreation, have de-
Cided not to countenance fast riding of :
bicyclists on any of the driveways.
Representatives of the organized wheel
men have aKked that they be allowed to
ride at any rate of speed on the south I
(irlve, which skirts the children's? play
ground, them '• out by the baseball ground j
and around Strawberry Hill to the beach.
The C 'mmissioners, denied the request on '
the ground that ladie« driving through the
nark often select the less frequented ',
drive, and fast riding would, sooner or !
later, result in an accident. The ocean
boulevard was thrown open to the wheel- j
m*n. They may ride over this at any I
rate of speed they can raise.
Trouble Over Furniture.
D. H. Bibb, lumber merchant, and C. R.
Dexter were arrested yesterday on war
rants charging them with petty larceny.
The complaining wittiest is F. Rreschke,
who represent* himself and other nvn who
have been making furniture at Stockton
and Fort Point from lumber supplied by
Bibb. He Bays Bibb claimed to have a
lien on the furniture and yesterday with
a gang of men forcibly removed it with
out paying fur the labor.
Carolus Ager.
Caroluß Afrer, dear tn the hearts of Stanford
.vas one In a Jolly party at the Zlnkand
last week. ' '
Acquitted of Manslaughter.
The charge of manslaughter against
Adolph L. Anderson, proprietor of the
Scandinavian saloon, for causing the
doath of William Brennecke, a sailor, was
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday. The
Judge said there was no evidence to sup
port the charge. •
Ocean Water Tuj Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
New Gas Company.
Articles of incorporation of tho Union
Gas Company wr-re filed yesterday. The
capital stock of the corporation is Vm<m,
of which WOOO has been subscribed. The
<iirfftnr« are* I. J- Truman, William O.
MrKlnlav Henry McDermott, Edwin S.
Irwin and W. H. Barrows.
"99" Cleveland bicycles. UO and 150; "99"
CreßC«nt», $36. Leavltt & Bill, 309 Larlcln.'
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
BOLD CROOKS
ROUNDED UP BY
THE POLICE
Six of Them Arrested
for Burglary.
I
STOLE VALUABLE BOOTY
ONE OF THE GANG A DESPERATE
EX-CONVICT.
The Men Are Accused of Entering [
Several Furnishing Goods
Houses on Kearny
Street.
During the past week several stores on
Kearny street have been entered -by a|
gang of burglars and valuable booty
taken.
The burglaries were reported to Cap- •
tain Bohen, who detailed Detectives Gib- 1
son. Wren and Dinan to arrest the dar- 1
ing crooks. Yesterday with the assist- I
ance of Policeman Engle, they succeeded ;
in capturing the gang.
Their names are John Sullivan, Fred
Watson, alias Mullen; Joseph Morgan, 1
Mike Joyce. F. B. Xewoauer and James
Hayes. Watson is an ex-convict, having'
served a term in San Quentln for burg
larj committed in this city.
On the night of April 14 last the gang
entered R. C. Hahn's furnishing goods
store at 133 Kearny street and got away
with about $im worth of silk handker
chief and neckties and fifty dollars in
money, which they found in the cash
drawers. An entrance was effected by
climbing through the transom of ■ the
Stole.
\bout a week later they entered the ,
furnishing goods store of H. \V. Selig at,
218 Kearny street in a similar manner
and stole a miscellaneous assortment of
gloves, neckties and underwear, valued at
On the night of April 2H the gang en- ;
tered the California Clothing Company's
store at W Geary street and got away
with about $200 worth of stuff.
Convinced that Uic crimes were com
mitted by Watson and his gang, the
detective! started out to find them. By
dint of inquiry they learned that the men
Were living in a house on Minna stnvt.
neai Third, and they decided to make a !
• t on them yesterday afternoon, j
While two of the officers covered the
house to prevent the gang from escaping
the others entered and going to the room ;
occupied by the crooks quickly burst
open th.^ door. They found Sullivan, Wat
son. Morgan and Joyce in the room,
9tandii g over s bed on which lay a large
portion of their booty. They offered no
resistance and were at once taken to the
City Prison, where their names were reg- ,
Istered on the "small" book.
Subs, fni' ntly the detectives found New- ;
bauer and Hayes on Market street, in the
act of trying to dispose of part of the
plunder stolen from Hahn's furnishing
foods store. They were also taken to po
headquarters and locked up in the
tanks. To-day the men will be formally
I ked on three charges of burglary
each. _____^^___— .
C. P. STOCKHOLDERS
ELECT DIRECTORS
CONSOLIDATION WITH THE S. P.
IS CONFIRMED.
The Annual Election Results in No
Sensational Changes of
Officials.
The stockholders of the Central Pacific
• Railroad Company met yesterday and
( onftrmed every action taken by the di
rectora ol the road 'luring the past year
; and elected directors for the ensuing
year The stockholders consisted princi
pally of James I). Speyer of New York, j
■ the railroad wizard, vim has ho cleverly
financed the gigantic debt of the Central '
PaoinV asra effected consolidation with the
Southern Pacific of Kentucky.
By thi 1 action yesterday the ivntral Pa-
Ciflc now be;ir.s the <ame relation to the
Southern Pacifi< of Kentucky a* does
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California— thai of ;i leased road. In the
election of directors Mr. Bpeyer, of course.
had his own way. As tile agent of thn re
organisation committee tie swung over y5
•:• of all their stuck.
William H. Mills was allowed to retire
from the directorate, as were Charles P.
Bells, Joseph D. Grant. William Thomp
son and William Shillaber. In their
places Mr. Speyer elected Charles F.
})unt. George R- Burdick, George F.
Bchwan, E. C. McShane and Charles. H.
Troillet, all of the London, Paris and
American Bank. Isaac L. Kequa and
John C. Klrkpatrick or course remained
= upon the hoard and when the new dirett
! ors met later In the afternoon Mr. Re
qua was re-elected president of the com
pany. Mr. Klrkpatrick succeeded Mr. '<
Mill's as treasurer. The other officers, all
of whom were re-elecied. were William
Thompson, secretary; Charles Babbidge,
assistant secretary, in New York; F. H.
Davis, assistant treasurer, in New York;
George Watkins, tran»ier agent, in New
: York.
The poHs were open from 10 o'clock in
the morning until 3 In the afternoon, and
[ in that time 626, 31)9 of tne 672,755 shares of
the corporation's stock were voted. Mr.
Speyer left at half-past 2 for a short Btay
i at Del Monte, taking with him only his
I private party.
SUCCESSFUL RECITAL.
Helen Satterlee French Presents Some
of Her Original Work.
The musical and literary recital given
last evening at Sherman & Clay's Music
hall by Mrs. Helen Satterlee French was
an emphatic BUccesa In every detail. A
large audience gathered to hear the gifted
lady in the presentation of her original
and highly meritorious presentations in
prose, poetry, drama and mv.sic. Mrs.
French was assisted by able local talent
in the following programme:
Violin concerto No. 8, "Gesangscene" (Ppuhr).
Hother Wiam«r; n-ading, Tlantlng the Libmy
Tree" and other poema, Mrs. French; antnem. i
■"Thf Nativity," a Christmas carol iwords by
Dr. J. G. Holland, muKic by Mrs. French), :
Miss Ellen Margery Mark?, Miss laella Van i
I'rlt Walter C. Campbell, Mr. Williams, at the
piano Mr« Batchelder, at the or^an John Har
raden Pratt; reading of selections from the
drama "Love's Triumph," Helen Satterlee
French; duet and chorus, "Say. When Shall
Loves Sweet Passion Die?" (words and music
by Mrs. French, ami affectionately dedicated to
her lifelong friend*, Mr. and Mrs. Walter C.
Campbell), i>ung t>y Miss Marks and Mr. <"amp
f.c-11. with rhuruß and accompaniment by piano,
violin and 'cellO; leadiiiK from her miscellane
ous poems, Helen Satterlee French; violoncello,
(a) "Berreuse" (Simon), (b) "Gavotte" (Top
per), Arthur Wp!w.
Town Talk.
A special feature of the popular weekly
this wetk is a large half-tone cut of the
field and staff officers of Company H,
League of the C'iops Cadets, also a por
trait of Colonel W. P. Sullivan Jr. of the
regiment. There are other fine half-tones
in the issue — one of the talented lad, Mas
ter Arnold Grazer and another of JVliss
! Daisy Thorne. The reading matter is up
to the mark in interest. The Saunterer
! talks about Parisian society girls vs. the
i local article, tells a story about Sam
Bhortridffe and D. M. Delmas and another
about a Ix>s Angeles lawyer and a local
medico. There is a charming sketch,
"The Reverie of a Lonesome Fool," and
several clever bits of verse. The World
of Law is quite dramatic this week, with
a ptory that has a Dickens-Balzac flavor.
Millard BatChelder, Alfred Metzgor and
Mary Francis chronicle musical events.
and there are two pages of dramatic
news. Juliet Crosby appears on the title
page. •
QUAKER BATHS, advertised in this
paper, sold by Perry Drug Co., 8 Mar
ket street; $2 50 to $5. ♦
HIS REMAINS
TO BE EXHUMED
AND REBURIED
W. Tiedemann's Body
Hawked About.
NO RESPICT FOR THE DEAD
TROUPL^ BETWEEN CORONER
AND UNDERTAKER.
The Official Had the Remains In
terred by a Rival Firm ana jxietz
ler Secures a Singular
Order From Court.
Coroner Hill and Herman Metzler, an
undertaker, are having war over the
corpse of William Tiederrdr. ■, who died
in the Prescott House on April J.,. On the
21st the body was buried in Laurel Hill
Cemetery from the California Undertak
ing Parlors, and on that fact hinges the
animosity of Metzler and his determina
tion to secure possession of the remains of
William Tledemann.
Metzler was called in by the clerk of the
Prescott House when Tiedemann was
found dead. He immediately notified the
Public Administrator, who took charge of
the effects of the deceased/amounting to
$5i«W in bank and other personal property.
The Coroner was called later and the dep
uty carted the body to the California I n
dertaklng Parlors and refused Metzler in
formation as to its whereahouts. Metzler
then obtained an order from the Public
Administrator for possession of the body
for interment. He presented this to the
Coroner, who Informed him that he had
the absolute right to dispose of the body
for burial.
Metzler made implication yesterday be
fore Judge Murasky for the disinterment
of the body and a second burial from his
parlors. Judge Murasky granted the re
quest.
Metzler Is now armed with permits from
the Health Department to exhume the
body, which he intends to do this morning.
Coroner Hill says he will prevent it. He
telephoned to the Laurel Hill Cemetery
superintendent yesterday not to allow the
exhumation and he will be on hand to as
sert his authority.
THE POOL-SELLING CASES.
The First on Acting Police Judge
Groezinger's Calendar Set for
Next Saturday.
When the pool-selling cases, transferred
from Jii'l>, r '' Uogan's court Thursday,
were called in acting Police Judge Groe
zinger's court yesterda) morning Attor
ney Ach was present nnd asked for a
speedy trial. Prosecuting Attorney Car
penter promptly replied that he \v;is
ready to proceed and Ach then asked that
the case of A. Ankle be set for trial, as
he wanted to go East.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter object
ed and said the cases would have to lie
trk-d in their order mO h« moved that
the rase df Tl. L. Jones be first set for
trial. The Judge supported Carpenter and
the Jones ••use was set for Saturday after
noon. May 6. The other canes were set
in their order, the last being on June 1.
Attorney Ach announced that Tuesday
morning he would lile iffldavits asking
that the Sheriff instead of the police serve
the venire on the ground of prejudice on
th.' part of the police. This Is following
th( mode of operations he adopted In
Judge Slogan's court.
Paul Egry Arrested.
Paul Egry, the well-known violinist,
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging him with misdemeanor rml'ez
slement. The complaining witness Is FT.
S. Stedman. manager for Zeno. Mauvais
& Co , who allege that Egry borrowed a
violin from the firm last October and
pawned It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Story of Sterility,
SUFFERING AND RELIEF. -
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 69,186]
"Dear Mrs. Pikkham — years
ago I began having such dull, heavy
dragging pains in my back, menses
were profuse and painful, and was
troubled was leucorrhoea. I took
patent medicines and consulted a phy-
sician, but received no benefit and
could not become pregnant. Seeing
one of your books, 1 wrote to you tell-
ing you my troubles and asking for
advice. You answered my letter
promptly and I followed the directions
faithfully, and derived so much benefit
that I cannot praise Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound enough.
1 now find myself pregnant and have
begun its use again. I cannot praise
it enough." — Mrs. CobaGilso^, Yates,
Makistee, Mich.
"Your Medicine Worked Wonders."
" I had been sick ever since my mar-
riage, seven years ago; have given
birth to four children, and had two
miscarriages. I had falling of womb,
leucorrhcea, pains in back and legs;
dyspepsia and a nervous trembling of
the stomach. Now I have none of these
troubles and can enjoy my life. Your
medicine has worked wonders for
me." — S. Bakxiiajrt, New Castle,
PA.* . •
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
CAMPERS'
EXCURSION
TO THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
i^ill-!f "ySHgro*r JraßaJftßT, ifixqamfr.
Personally Conducted by
MR. W. H. MENTON,
Ex. Pass. Agt. S. P. Co.
SUNDAY, APRIL 30.
ROUND-TRIP ttl Off:
TICKET '. OliZOi
The train will stop at the well-known camp-
ing resorts situated on the line of the nar-
row gauge. No crowding. Seats (or all. Take
along your lunch baskets.
• LEAVE FERRY LANDING, FOOT CiF
MARKET ST., 7:46 A. M. RETURNING AR-
RIVE SAN FRANCISCO AT 8:05 P. M
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agt.
H. R. JUDAH,
AsBt. General Passenger Agrt.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing, Bowling. Boating. Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, . round
trip, 25c: Children, 15c; Including admission
to ground*.
THE BTEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon ferry at 10:80 a. m., 12:10
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.; 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
V~- \ J^ \ssSmf i ~ Z^ * ~ •—^ r~^ * JS 1 f7^" ~~ ~ jp- 77^ Jg~ r-f Mb ■B|Wt¥W , Z '/ *! ~^T^ g
'X'HE pleasant method and beneficial effects of the well-known remedy, Syrup of Figs, manufactured
■*■ by the California Fig Syrup Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the liquid laxative principles
of plants known to be medicinally laxative and presenting them in the form most refreshing to the taste
and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening laxative,
CLEANSING THE SYSTEM EFFECTUALLY, DISPELLING
COLDS AND HEADACHES, PREVENTING FEVERS,
OVERCOMING HABITUAL CONSTIPATION PERMANENTLY.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and substance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, make it the ideal laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they are pleasant to the taste, but
THE MEDICINAL QUALITIES ARE OBTAINED FROM SENNA AND OTHER AROMATIC PLANTS,
by a method known to the California Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial effects, and
to avoid imitations, please remember the full name of the Company printed on the front of every package.
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce purchase at about the same price that others
my for cheap and worthless imitations. To come into universal demand and to be everywhere considered
■he best of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of the best informed
purchasers. The California Fig Syrup Company having met with the highest success in the manufacture
:nd sale of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has become important to all to have a
knowledge of the Company and its product. The California Fig Syrup Company was organized more than
fifteen years ago, for the special purpose of manufacturing and selling a laxative remedy which would be
more pleasant to the taste and more beneficial in effect than any other known. The great value of the
remedy, as a medicinal agent and of the Company's efforts, is attested by the sale of millions of bottles
nnually, and by the high approval of most eminent physicians. As the true and genuine remedy named
Syrup of Figs i. c manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact
•..ill assist in avoiding the worthless imitations manufactured by other parties.
*»Wiiii*.«* *^™T' Co, *«frvDßK.H*'
For Sale by All Dru?<?ishs , Price 50$ Per Bottle.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST THREE TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY.
ROLAND REED
Accompanied by ISADORE HUSH.
The Wrong Mr. Wright
Next MONDAY— Second and Last Week.
ROLAND REED
7 Nights— Saturday Matinee— The Great Hit,
The WOMAN-HATER
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORN]A THEATER.
last THE Mat . To ' Da y
3 r> AX/ To * ht &
TIMES. KAYO Sunday.
In Their Howling Succesß,
A HOT
OLD TIME.
TO THE PUBLIC!
Look out for the ( i I with ths nod
and wink. She appears on and off.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT, including Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
CAPTAIN SWIFT
AN INTENSE DRAMA OF HUMAN IN-
TEREST.
PRICES 15c. 25c. 35c. 60c
NEXT MONDAY AFTERNOON.
EXTRA DEWEY MATINEE
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY. SUNDAY and MONDAY, April
29th, 30th, and May Ist.
TWO PHENOMENAL STAKES!
RESERVE AND CLASS EVENTS.
$1552— PRIZE-MONEY ! — $1552
TRAIN SERVICE. '.-.-.
Leaves Third and Townsend . streets, Satur-
day 10:40 a. m. and 12:55 p. m. ; Sunday and
Monday, 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
flfth and Valencia streets five minutes later,
returning from park immediately after last
course. Extra train from park, on Sunday and
Monday at 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars
every ten ■ minutes.
■ ■t. -■ ■ ■ •■:-.;,-;
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, April 29.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
THE RIO BROTHERS,
Marvelous King Acrobats.
JOHN AND HARRY DILLON.
Comedian* and Parodists.
GEORGE W. DAY.
Monologist.
THE JACKLKY WONDERS.
Lofty Pyramid Artists.
ED M FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
CLARICE VANCE, THE ANDERSONS.
LILLIAN BI'KKHART AND COMPANY in
"A Passing Fancy."
Next Week— HAWTHORNE SISTERS, t
NELSON SISTERS. THE VALDRES.
DEWEY MATINEE MONDAY. MAY 1.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
THIS EVENING AT 8.
Perfect Production of
The Japanese Musical Play.
THE GEISHA
A DELIGHTFUL TRIP TO THE ORIENT.
MIRTH— MUSIC— DANCE.
Popular Prices 25c and EOc
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
/\
/ \
PLAY . / \ BALL
/ AT \
/ RECREATION PARK. \
\ OAKLAND /
\ "■ /
\ SACRAMENTO./
TO-DAY \ / SUNDAY
3P. M, V 2:15
GLEN PARK!
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY,
FINE PROGRAMME.
I VAUDEVILLE BILL,
PIGEON RACE,
CONCERT.
ADMISSION, 10c.
DEWEY DAY, MONDAY, May 1.
GRAND PATRIOTIC CELEBRATION BY
THE PUBLIC SCHOOL CHILDREN.
ADMISSION, 36c. Public School Children and
Parents Free.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
GREAT LIGHT OPERA PRODUCTION.
THIS EVENING— BERKELEY UNIVERSITY
NIGHT.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
THE SEASON'S GREATEST HIT.
Bravos From Hundreds of Voices. Audlenc*
Stood and Cheered for
EL CAPITAN
At Last Night's Performance by
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
"The Southwell Opera Company Is at its best
tn John Philip Sousa's 'El Capitan." At the
finale of the second act the 'El Capitan March'
was received with enthusiasm, as was 'The
Ktara and Stripes Forever." rendered as an en-
core."— r Q 11. AprH 25
DEWEY DAY— MATINEE MONDAY.
OUR OLD PRICES JS."»C and 500
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully rfalistie representation of the
greatest sea battle ever fought.
The spectator stands near Dewey on the
bridge, while the contest rages all around.
Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo, and
Gettysburg in scope and present interest.
Market Street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. r>oc; Children, Be.
CONCERTS ANL- KEriO&TS.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, APRIL. »0, MONDAY. MAY t 189».
Grand Opening of the Swimming
Season.
OPEN NIGHTS THEREAFTER.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR PRIZES AND THH
ROYAL JAPANESE TROUPE in Their
Wonderful Feats, Commencing
at 2:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
INTERCOLLEGIATE CONCERT.
CALIFORNIAand STANFORD
..ALHAMBRA THEATER..
Corner Eddy and Jones.
SATURDAY NIGHT, April 29, 1899.
GLEE, MANDOLIN AND BANJO CLUBS of
both Universities with Specialties.
ADMISSION 50 and 75 Cent«
DEWEY DAY, MAY Ist, CELEBRATION
AT
SUNSET FV\RK,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Narrow-gauge boats leave foot of Market
street at 8:45 sharp. Round-trip tickets, $1;
Children under 12, 50c. The public Invited.
Tickets at Ferry.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
er pnsler.
an dollars still higher.
Wheat and Karley futures advanced.
Hipht improvement in Oats.
■ and Ry dull,
irther d line in Hay.
tuffs 1
Means and Seeds dull.
7 to China.
us risins 'and Potatoes declining.
and Eggi shading off.
ry dull and in better supply.
Fruits about the same.
leaning up.
- and Lard firm and Bacon weak.
again.
FRT'IT AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
r« Is a better demand for Salmon and
.ire fully maintained, says the London
izette. The Ilala has brought 54.826
Praser River Salmon to Liverpool. In
the market for canned goods
,:.ticipated that the prices 'or
tVie 1899 park will be affected by the Increased
• tin and cases.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
t.v.k out a treasure list of $56,707,
I •: in Mexican dollars. $1615 in
200 in gold dust ard $50,800 in silver
WEATHF.K REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 2S, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours;
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.06 32.09 31.29
Red Bluff 0.00 19.51 12.71.
Sacramento Trace 13.92 8.87
San Francisco 0.00 15. S4 7.75
Fresno p. 00 6.93 4.16 I
San Luis ibispo 0.00 16.86 6.06
Lob Angeles 0.00 4.91 5.2S
San Dle o 0.00 4. 53 4.18 I
Yunia 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
BS; minimum, 44. mean, 61.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
The weather is generally fair over the Pacific
Coast, with some cloudiness In Southern Cali
fornia. Very little rain hits fallen west of the 1
Rocky Mountains. The pressure continues high i
over Oregon ami Washington and conditions are
favorable for somewhat warmer weather in the
interior Saturday.
The temperature as already risen over Ore
gon. Idaho and Northern Nevada. It is still
belnw the normal in iVntral and Southern Cali- '
fornia.
The fallowing high winds are reported: Eu
reka. 32 miles per hour, from the northwest; j
Winnemucca, 26 miles, north; Sacramento, 2S
miles. northwest; Independence, 2S miles,
n rtli. an.i Yuma, 2S miies. west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight April 29. 1X99:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
westerly winds in afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Saturday.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
S;in Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh north winds in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW STORK STOCK MARKET.
KEW YORK, April 2S.— lrregularity pervaded
to-day's deaJing i>n the Stock Exchange and |
The temper of the market was extremely pro- i
fessional, resulting in net changes, with losses
predominating. London traded both ways and
commission house business was on a very re
stricted scale. Traders were disjkised to let
stocks g-> in anticipation of an unfavorable
bank statement to-morrow, and large oper
ators changed places and -■-. the bear side,
The bank statements are usually unreliable, |
but bank reports for the week seemed to Indi- ]
cate a loss in cash on all accounts of nearly
{3,500,000. Anaconda minim? fluctuated widely,
ending with a net gain of nearly 3 points on
th^ announcement of the large copper combina
tion. Silver certificates sold at to at one time, :
the highest price recorded in a long time. The
passage of the franchise tax bill by the Leg
islature was responsible for weakness In most
of the local stocks, there being declines of 5
points in Brooklyn Union Gas, ::\ t in Metropoli
tan an.l nearly as much in Consolidated Gas
and in Manhattan, although it left off only
1% down. Third Avenue, on the contrary robe
2 Points. Another reason for weakness In Man
hattan wis the adverse report of the Board
of Ktßlth on Its Ninth-avenue structure. The
unnounrement of a settlement of a litigation
hem Brooklyn Transit up In spite of thf> weak
ness in similar shares generally and the stock
trained over a point. Except Colorado Fuel and
Iron improvement was noted in the Iron and
Ht-el properties. Other strong spots were New
Jersey C-ntral, lowa Central and Northern Pa- '
cific. The trenernl railway list was Inclined to
droop on moderate dealings. The market closed
heavy.
To-day's bond market lacked a decisive tone,
but the undertone of the market was healthful :
anl seme Issues were in keen demand. Bust- |
r»r-s expands from day to day. To-day's I
transactions reached $4,375,000.
United States new 4's registered and the old I
4'f registered declined X and the 3'b coupon "-»
in th* bid nrice.
T.->tal sales of stocks to-day amounted to
4 C M">I shares, including: American Smelting
nnd Refining, 3300; American Steel and Wire
2"».s°o; American Sugar, IS.4 |V ); American Tin
riMe. 4900; Anaconda, 70.700; Atchison pre
ferred. MnO; Hrooklyn Rapid Transit 63 100;
liurlinston. MVi; Chicago Terminal. 6500- Con-
FOlidated Gas. MOO; Continental Tobacco 7600-
I>enver and Rio Grande. 3100; Federal Steel!
S»:fW: do preferred, 1700; Manhattan Consoli
dated. 26, 3W: Metropolitan Street. 3600; Mexican
Central, 12.3f«>; Mexican National Certificates
E600; Missouri Pacific, 5900; National Stt-el 4HX)'
North American. 5200; Northern Paciflr 2S 700 :
ft. Paul, B300; T. C. and 1., 3400; Union PaeW
SuOft.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% St Louis ■: S W... 14%
l>o prefd 6H* Do prefd 33a.
Baltimore & Ohio. 724 St Paul 12SV*
Canada Pacific... 93» s j Do prefd...! ..'.'.'.'.'.ic, r «A
Canada Southern.. 57V 4 St P & Mm as " ,
Central Pacific sl'*i Do prefd . I;, I
Chea & Ohio 27",*< So Pacific ..'. 33U
Chi <fc Alton 165 jSo Hallway iSif* '
Chi B& Q 143* Do prelM." A ;£
Chi & E 111 7- Texas & Pacific. ... 22%
Do prefd 122 Union Pacific XX
Chi G W 16Vi Do prefd 79>,t
Chi Ind & L 10 rpD & 6 12%
Do prefd tf.u Wabash .'.' K%
Chi & N W 161 i Do prefd 23% !
Do prefd U»3 Wheel &L B li%
C C C & St L tj«j. I Do prefd 34
Do profd '■'' , Express Companies-
Del <fe Hudson 12U4 Adams Ex 112
DW L ■■ W 171 'American Ex 140
Den & Hio Q -4 4 United States 91
Do prefd 79* Wells Fargo ,12«
Erie (new) 13V Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd 37V A Cot Oil 87%
Ft Wayne 184 I Do prefd . 9414.
Gl Nor prefd .191 Am Spirits 13"*
Hocking Val 10%| Do prefd 37
Illinois ■•' 117 iAm Tobacco 220%
Lake Erie A W. 17% Do prefd 143
Do prefd 69 | Cons Gas m
I^ake Shore 200 Com Cable Co ISO
Louis & Nash •->* Co] F & Iron . 49%
Manhattan L 120% Do prefd . „ . Ids
Met St Ry 247% Gen Electric 113
Mich Cent HI 'Haw Com Co ...... 105
Minn A- St L Brooklyn R T 135
Do Ist prefd 101 Jntl Paper .W*
Mo Pacific 49% Do prefd 8.-.
Mobile & Ohio 45\,Laclede Gas 63
Mo X & T 12 7 s>Leai1 3X7,1
Do prefd 39 I Do prefd li:;\,
N .1 Central l2oK.|Nat l/in on y.i
Central 139'iPactflc Mail 51%
N V Chi & Si L... 13? 4; People's Gas 127%
Do Ist prefd 86 .Pullman Pal 160%
Do 2d prefd 32 Silver Certificates. 64
Nor West 21% Standard It ft T... 10%
No liner Co 11% Sugar 169%
No Pacific OS I,*.1 ,*. Do prefd 11.;;,
Do prefd 89 TC ft Iron 63
Ontario & W 27% U B Leather 6%
Or R & N prefd... 64 \ Do prefd 7314
Or Short Line 41» V S Rubber {,2%
Pac C Ist prefd — 88 | Do prefd 115
Do 2d prefd ;>8 1 Western Union.... | 2',i
Plttsburg I*4 (Am- S & W C 0.... BS%
Reading Z2\\ Do prefd 98^
Do Ist prefd 64H 1 Federal Steel 60%
R ii "W 34 I Do prefd *6
Do prefd 86%|Pac Coast 40-
Rock Island 116% Nor & W prefd .... 63
SI Louie ft S F.... li% Colo Southern 6%
Do prefd 71 I IV) i«» prefd 50'^
Do 2d prefd ?,'■< I Do 2d prefd 20V4
CLOSING BONDS.
D ? 2s reg 100 M X & T 2ds 67%
Do 3s 107% Do 4s 94%
Do COUP 108*» N .1 Cent gen 5n.. 119
r S new 4b re5;.. 128% North Carolina .127
Do up 130 Do 4s ..104
V P old 4s ra*....112%!N P lsts 120
Do coup 113% Do 3s SSV4
I' s Be reg ill Do 4s 103%
DO coup 113 X YC & S L 107%
District 3.65s 117 Nor & W con 45.. !W%
Ala class A 110 Do gen 6s 130
Do R 110 Or-Nav Ist* ... 114
Do C 100 Do 4s 103%
Do Currency 100 O S Line 6s 131
Atch gen 4s 101% O s Line con 55. .112
Do adjt 4f> M l ;' Reading Gen 45.... 88%
Canada. So 2da 111 R 1". W lsts 97%
C A O 4%s 99 is L & 1 M Con 65..111%
Do tl IIS BL,& S F Gen 65.1244
C& N Con 7s ....144 St P Con 168%
Do deb 5s ...123 St PC 4 P 1ate. .122%
Chicago Term 45.. .101 Do 5s 122%
D * R G lsts 108% So Ry :,b 111,14
Do 4«: 102% Standard R ft T Re 88
E T Va & Ga. Ist? .Term new set <>«.. 97^;
Erie Gen 45 72% Tex & Pac lsts. . 114%
Ft W A D 1' lsts.. St : Do Ida 55%
Gen Elec Sk 115 \V V 4s 106%
r. H &■ ? A (■....114 vPD ft G lsts.. PO
Do 2ds 111% Wabnsh lsts 117%
H & T C of 111%1 Da Ms 93%
Do Con Ss 112 I Wed Shore 4s 114H
lowa. Cent lsts. ...110 Wig Cent Ist? .... 63%
V C V & C, lsts.. 67% Va Centuries 84
La new con 4s — 110 Do deferred .... f>\
L. & N Uni 4k PWjColo Southern 4s. 87%
N T Ct&t lets — 114%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar '.. 30 Ontario .....9 00
Crown Point 20 Ophir 1 25.
Con Cal & Va..... 188 Plymouth 10
Deadwood SO I Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry.... 40 Do prefd 850
Hale & Norcross... 34 Sierra Nevada 100
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 45
Iron Silver r,s, Union Con 52
Mexican 60! Yellow Jacket .... 44
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS;
Money— Mich Tel 57
Call loans S%<g4% Gen Elec prefd. ...135
Time loans 3%©4 At. h prefd 61
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & St Fa 20% Atehison 4s 100%
Amor Sugar 169 \Yls Cent Is 70
Do prefd 11? Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 3*5 Allouez Mm .... 1114
Boston & Albany. .2s7 .Atlantic ." 34%
Boston & Maine.. .lß2 Boston & Mont .883
Boston L, 107 Butte A Boston 104
Chi Bur &. Q 143% Calumet & Hecla..S4B
Fitchhurg 120 jL'entennlal 43U
Gen Electric 119 'Franklin 26V>
Fed Steel 6S'i Old Dominion .... 48%
Do prefd 86 'Osceola ..: 34
Mexican Cent 15% Quincy 165
NY & N Eng 100 Tamarack 215
Old Colony 210 Wolverine 47
Rubber 52% I Parrot t 68
Union Pac 4S-V Adventure 13 1 -.
West End 85 Winona \ 16J&
Westlngh Elec .... 50% Humboldt 7
Wis Cent 11»« Union Land .. 10
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 38.- Money on call, 4@5
per cent; last loan, 4% Per cent; prime mer
cantile paper, 3H r S'4V4 per cent; sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 s7'- 4 -./4 87H for demand and $4 85*.i@
4 55% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 Ss%@
4 86 and $4 87%©4 x»; commercial bills, $4 84@
4 84%; silver certificates, 64f§64%c; bar silver.
63% c; Mexican dollars 49c; Government bonds,
weak; State bonds, firm; railroad bonds ir
regular.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available gash balance, 376,355; gold re
serve, $244,736,545.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market here had a general setback to-day,
partly due to vague rumors of Transvaal po
litical trouble, but mainly on account of the
closing of books before the holiday on Monday.
The inactivity in Americans defies description.
They were neglected and heavy throughout, ex
cept for slight New York support in Northern
Pacific and Erie. Copper shares are elapsed. j
Anaconda closed at 1- 15-18. Tintons opened at !
47 and closed at 4SV&.
Silver was very active, 2,000,000 ounces chang- !
ing hands. The buying was nearly all mdi- j
rectly from New York. It is reported that a j
bear dealer here is already in difficulties. The
morning price was 25%. It has since been 29-,*. :
and closed at 29 1-16. Two hundred thousand '
pounds In gold was taken for the Cape. It Is
expected that a parcel due to-morrow will go
to the Bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 2S.— Canadian Pacific, 95%; I
Northern Pacific preferred, M 1 *; Union Pacific l
preferred. 81%; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar silver
quiet, 28 7 per ounce; money, 1% per cent.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, April 28.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
April 28, with the percentage of increase and j
decrease, as compared with the corresponding i
week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York. $1,197,496,848 91.7 ....
Boston 150,682,534 69.3 ....
Chicago 116,341,281 14.6 .... i
Philadelphia 86,450.809 44.0 !
St. Louis 28,823,458 ■ 13.1 .... ;
Pittsburg 31,419,729 76.3 ....
Baltimore 23,762,192 39. S ....
San Francisco 17,097,981 11.9 .... i
Cincinnati 14,557,750 23.6 ....
Kansas City 12,716.345 17.3
New Orleans 7,244.261 01
Minneapolis 7.805.57S .... 19.4 !
! Detroit 6,950,486 16.6 .... '
; Cleveland 9.638,000 36.8
Louisville 7.233.196 26.1 .... I
. Providence 5,834,500 44. .... :
Milwaukee 4.758,732 .... 2.3;
St. Paul 8,918.711 1.9 .... '
1 Buffalo 4,315.126 • 16.4 .... i
| Oma.ha 3.999,135 .... 16.7 1
j Indianapolis 6,017.315 6.1 j
| Columbus, 0 4,596,700 19.1
Youngstown 350.449 25.4 .... ■
Savannah 1.649.&53 .... 3.7
Denver 3,122.32$ .... 23.0 1
Hartford 2,056,945 .... 3.0!
Richmond 2.958,149 44.3 ....!
Memphis 1.473.973 .... 4.2 I
. Washington 2.242.636 46.3 j
I Peoria 1,815,830 7.0 .... i
Rochester 1.651,465 10. S !
New Haven 1,651 124 13.1
Worcester 1,834.231 24.5
Atlanta 1.201.606 31.5 !
! Salt Lake City 1.&41.S10 37.3
1 Springfield, Mass... 2.788. 5«6 12.3 .... !
Fort Worth 1,823 789 4.0 '
| Portland, Me. 1.32 ,698 37 .... j
Portland. Or ]."- S4O .... 27.3 !
SI Joseph 2,521,817 .... 19.4 i
Los Angeles 1.477.370 5.8 .... !
Norfolk 1.046,710 11.1 .... |
i Syracuse 966.059 .... 1.6
Dcs Moines 1.542,794 .... 10.2
I Nashville 1.337.111 .... .... |
' Wilmington. Del... 923,040 41.6 j
i Fall River 728,785 41.9 .... !
I Scranton 1,227.003 37.2 ■
Grand Rapids 1.002,936 17. ....
Augusta, <;« 506,887 .... 32.3 '
Lowell £*<M6l 50.1
> Dayton' 0 935.527 34.9 i
Seattle 1.587.179 41.8 . ..
Tacoma 650.442 28.1
Spokane 1 198.650 9.2 .... I
Sioux City 8*5,869 24.1 i
New Bedford 400.368 .... 7.8
Knoxville Term... 479.533 .... 6.6 I
Toppka 517.633 .... ....
Birmingham 619,596 25.1 j
Wichita 4*3,795 . 9.5 ....
Blnghamton 353,200 6.9 ....
Lincoln 333.050 .... 6.9
Lexington. Ky 252,941 .... 27.7
Jacksonville, Fla.. 201.253 .... 3.0
Kalamazoo 279.086 10.2 !
Akron 392.900 96.0 ....
Macon 407,100 .... 14.6
I Chattanooga 324,516 17.1
1 Rockford, 111 331.124 31.3 .... !
faiiton. 0 232. 10.4 '
' Springfield, 0 214,583 46.5
Fargo. N. D 333.101 107.9 .... i
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 133.072 37.1 ....
Hastings. Neb 121.374 .... .... i
Fremont, Neb 117.867 12.5 ....
. Davenport 746,409 55.7
Toledo 1,355.001 .... 18.5
•Qalvestbn 5.004,400 .... 10.3
•Houston 4,205,1fi2 10.7
Bvansville 799,02] .... ....
•Little Rook 348,408 I
Helena 690.965 25.2 .... 1
Totals, U. S 11,815,652,566 C 0.7. 7
Totals outside of
New York 615.153.91S 31.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 14.771.414 9.5
Toronto 8,850,307 14.7 ....
Winnipeg 1.591.527 18.3 ....
: Halifax 1.298,625 27.
Hamilton 749,8*4 22.9
St. John, N. 8.... 561,295 9.3
Vancouver 515.480 ....
Victoria 645.723 ....
Totals $ 27.823,062 12.7 7777
■• ',<.■-.
•Not included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, April 28.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review will say to-morrow: Speculation
this week developed narrow and Irregular tend
encies. The easing of the money market, ;
larger supplies of funds and a noticeable relax
ation of the disiwsition to reject Industrial
stocks as collateral had a favorable Influence,
which was partially overcome by the continued ;
uncertainty about the crops and the evident
• falling off -In the public interest. The latter !
i fact was reflected by the much smaller volume
I of dally transactions and the comparatively
I irresponsive state of the market. The most
significant feature of . the week was the de
cided activity and strength of the bond list.
The recent change In the savings bank Invest
ment laws of New York anil Massachusetts, j
which opens to the savings Institutions of these j
States the bonds of dividend-paying railroads,
is to a large extent responsible for the move
ment in question, though this would only ac
count indirectly for the, in some cases, heavy <
appreciation In many issues of bonds . which \
have on the whole a semi-speculative position ;
In the market. The abundance of funds for
investment and the temporary diversion of pub- :
lie buying power from stocks to the bond list !
would seem also to be a factor in the matter, '
the effect, as usual In such cases, being to sus- '
tain the general range of stock quotations. The
market, however, was of an irregular kind.
The grangers were neglected and the same
applies to the Pacific stocks, while, on the other |
hand, the coal shares showed a tendency to j
appreciate on the better earnings which are
said to be rewarding the companies and the I
prospective issue of "rights" by the Jersey
Central. What are termed the "Flower" '■
stocks, including Brooklyn Rapid Transit,
People's Gas, New York Air Brake and Fed
eral Steel, were the objects of renewed bull- i
ish manipulation, and Sugar Refining, though ;
inactive, displayed a great deal of strength
1 Anaconda mining shares were a feature, ad- ':
vancing from 52 to 65% on the large buying
both here and in London, supposed to come
from interests ■ which are arranging the new
copper mine combination. Otherwise London
was not a factor in our market, though foreign
interests were buyers of . Louisville and Nash
ville, Southern Railway preferred and Nor
i folk and Western, selling at the same time !
! high-grade bonds at the advances In that part 1
of the market. The sharp advance in the price ■
. of silver caused not a little notice to be paid
I to the securities of the Mexican roads and
: Mexican Central stock and bonds were con
spicuously strong under a good buying de- !
mand. ' . .
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, April 28.— Bradstreet's to-mor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
row will say: Favorable weather conditions
find reflection in reoorts of good retail distri
bution of spring and summer- goods and in fair
rllllng-in orders from jobbers. Demand from
first hpnds for general merchandise Is If any
thing quieter, in keeping with the "between
season" period now at hand. Industrial ac
tivity continues specially marked, a pleasing
feature this week being the practical absence
of the unrest, particularly In the building
trades, noted for many years past about May 1.
While favoring retail distribution, the spring
like weather conditions, ' however, have been
the reverse of stimulaton as regards quota
tions of two of the country's greatest staples,
wheat and cotton. In these and in hog prod
ucts the tendency of values has been toward
a lower ranee. Winter wheat crop advices
have continued regularly unfavorable, hut good
weather, enabling a large area to be planted in
spring wheat, coupled with rather less active
export demand and denials of damage to Euro
pean crops, have weakened quotations of wheat
and flour at the leading Eastern and interior
markets.
New demands have been notably quiet in iron
and steel this week, the most notable feature
being large sales of Southern gray forge iron
at Pittsburs. Prices exhibit all their
old strength, and here the margin of profit on
finished products is undoubtedly very good.
The strength of the lumber market shows lit
tle Impairment. Wool as a whole is quiet and
steady, but a relatively higher range of values
abroad is indicated by. continued sales of Aus
tralian bonded wool to be re-exported. Copper
la notable among: the products advancing this
week, aided therein by large consumptive de
mand, but chiefly by talk of the great con
solidation of copper producing companies an
nounced toward the close of the week. Leather
is firmly held, strength being imparted to this
Hnd finished products by the small stocks or
hides available.
Partially compensating for the falling off in
exports of natural products, particularly ce
reals, Is the immense expansion in exports of
manufactured goods. . Shipments of such goods
in March ranged over $36,000,000, or 35 per cent
of all our exports, a proportion rarely If ever
approached before, and in view of probably
smaller takings of our natural products, fore
shadowing even more marked expansion in the
future, providing that prices do not advance
to a point prohibitive of free shipments.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregated 3.025.250 bushels, against 2,
--932,959 bushels last week, 4,449,009 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1898, 1,156.866 bushels In
1897, 1,260,449 bushels in 1896, .and 2,555,660 bush
els in 1895.
Since July 1 this season the exports of wheat
aggregate 96,290,281 bushels, against 195,592.695
bushels last year.
Business failures for the week number 184, as
compared with 187 last week. 245 in this week a
year ago, 244 in 1896, and 206 In 1895.
Canadian failures number 27, against SO last
week 22 in this week a year ago, 31 In 1597,
26 in 1896. and 36 in 1896,
DUN'S WEEKLY REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, April 28.— R. G. Dun & Co.'S
Weekly Review of Trade will say:
All elements considered, it is rather sur
prising that business has not been set back
a little. The uncertainty about Samoa and
the prolonging of the difficulty in the Philip
pines might have counted for something, as
have the rising imports and falling exports,
the rise in foreign exchange, by some attributed ■
to foreign sales of copper stocks, and the hin
drance of manufacturing orders owing to the |
recent advance in prices.
But there has been full faith that foreign ;
difficulties would soon be cleared away, and j
the movement in exchange is generally con
nected with speculative rather than legitimate
operation; since accounts of trade still Indi- ;
cate a large excess of exports. After every ,
rise In prices manufacturers have to consider
whether hindered consumption with increased
production will make them difficult, but con
fidence with which combinations are formed
and extended still shows prevailing belief that
no danger point is near. ■
The state of foreign trade justifies confidence
rather than apprehension. It is the season
for th.- lowest export of staples and their
prices this year are extremely low, but the I
unprecedented foreign demand for manufac
tured products BO far compensates them. Ex
cess of imports in March was heavy and ap
parently hits been Inappropriate. The pres
ence of English merchants in Boston trying
to Bell English medium wool which would be
delivered there at about 32 cents, at the same
time that English buyers were taking a lit
tle fine territory for export, and German buy
ers of 300,000 pounds more Australian from bond,
shows the opposite trend of popular taste in
different countries. Clay worsteds here ad
vanced 7'-e. and serges sc, which strengthened
the tone of the wool market. The wool is,
relatively cheap "here and dear abroad, but |
concessions make the lowest prices of the year j
in all kinds, as heavy stocks carried for years
come into the presence of new wool, said to be
3(10.000,000 pounds. Manufacturers are not now
buying largely, though in four weeks 30,918,785 I
pounds were sold, of which 23,315,085 were
domestic, against 41,715,650 in the same weeks
two years ago, when wool was rising. Besse
mer pig is unchanged at Pittsburgh and gray
forge stro.-.g at $14 50, though 16,000 tons South
ern have been sold .iere at $14 20. There are
some large structural orders — a Philadelphia
building, for 17,000 tons, a Western bridge for
7000 tons, a Duluth elevator and the St. Law
rence bridge at Quebec though the general
run of orders in this line is light and no
large sales are reported, though Inquiries for j
000 tons are said to be in this market. Ad
vanced prices are noted in pipe ami decrease
in merchant orders, with small business in
and at the West in bars pending the
completion of the combination. But the gen- 1
oral decrease in new demand raises the ques- |
tion whether prices will be maintained after
current orders run out
Failures tor the week were IK4 in the United I
States", against Lfi2 last year; and 23 in Can- I
ada, against 16 last '-ear.
NEW YORK GRAIN' AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 2S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16.102; exports, 25.972. Very dull but mod- j
erately steady. . '.'
WHEAT— Receipts, 61,975 bushels; spot. firm.
No. 2 red, ; > V f. o. b. and 78% c elevator.
No. 1 Northern Duluth, Bl%c f. 0 b afloat
to arrive Options opened easy under cable
news, but promptly rallied, and later in the
day revealed positive strength. Shorts covered
freely on export developments, a bullish crop
rep by snow and scarcity of offerings. The
close was til 111 at V'J : '«e net advance. May,
7d%&Tt%. closed 77%; July, 76 1-1 •>-:/: 7 i^,c. ■■>-•■ 1
77. . September, 7"' 1 •,'■! :>>'., c. closed 76c; Decem
ber, 76<fi"7o, . «ed 77c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— Few changes of importance oc
curred in the metal market to-day. Demand
was moderate, news lacked positive new feat- !
ures and sellers were inclined to await devel
opments. At the close the Metal Exchange j
called:
PIG IRON Warrants, quiet at $11; nominal.
LAKE COPPER Unchanged at $19 26.
TlN— Quiet; with $25 63 bid and $25 75 asked.
LEAD Firmer, with $4 32% bid and $4 25
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and i
for copper 19Mi(glflV4c.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 75 bid and
$7 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
five points lower Sales, 3500 bags, Including:
October, $5 40. Spot coffee— Dull. Mild- Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, firmer In tone. Refined-
Firm.
BUTTER- Receipts, 2:-O4 packages. Western
creamery. 14%@17c; factory, 12H®14c; Imita
tion creamery, 13V£@16%c-
EGGS— Receipts, 9983 packages; steady.
Western, 13@13%c; Southern, 12Vi©13c.
COPPER— Steady; brokers. $1& 12%<fj19 25; ex
change, $19 26.
LEAD Firmer; broker*, $4 10; exchange,
$4 :!2' 2 -</4 35.
• DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 28.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@R%c;
prime wire tray, B : si'i79c; choice, 909% c; fancy,
S^lOc.
PRUNES-
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%@14c; Moorpark, 14<3>
18c,
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9-SI3C; peeled, 25<g28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 23. Wheat was easy at the
opening owing to a large increase in Argen
tine shipments and lower cables, The weak
ness was only momentary, however, and the
market turned strong on complaints of, drought I
from Kansas and delayed seeding in the
Northwest on account of snow. May opened
Vie lower at 70%@71c, . rose to 71V4c, when
realizing checked the advance, and then weak
ened. May slipping off to 70%<§70%c. Private
and official crop reports were bad and out
side buying fairly heavy. This started an
upturn which was vigorously contested for
a while, but finally shorts ran to cover and
May advanced to 71% c, closing at 71% c. July
opened %c lower at 71%@72c, advanced to
72^c, reacted to 71% c, then recovered to 72c,
and closed at 72^c.
The corn market was narrow, but steady.
May opened a shade lower at 33\'ii33 7 ad
vanced to 34c, and declined to 38%0 at the
close.
Favorable seeding conditions, heavy receipts
and a- poor cash demand weakened uat«<. May
started a shade lower at 26%ig<26%c, . touched
26'ic declined to 26c and closed at"26}»c.
Provisions were dull and slightly lower. Mny !
pork opened 2V4(§sc lower at $8 JO. • closed st
18 92H. The range in lard and ribs was
narrow.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
; May 71 71U 70*4 71%
July 72 73 71% 72%
September 71 72 70% 72'
Corn No. 2—
May 33% 34 33*4 33%
July 34V4 34% 34% 34\
September 35^4 35V4 35 35
Oats No. 2—
May 26^ 26V* 26V t 26»4
July 24 24 23% 23%
September 21% 22V4 21% 22
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May ...8 90 8 97% 890 8 92%
July 9 10 9 15 9 10 9 12V4
September .....9 30 930 9 27V4 9 27>i
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 12<* 5 17% 6 124 515
July :.-.... .5 27% 530 . 5 27% 530
September ..:.......» 42% . 5 42% 5 42% 5 42%.
.Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May ..4 65 4 70 4 65 4 65
: July ..: 4 82% 485 4 82% 4 82%
September 495 ,4&5 495 4 95
. Cash quotations were -as follows:
Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
70% c: No. 3 spring wheat, ,67@69c;- No. 2 red,
74®75%c; No. 2 corn, 34c; No. 2 oats, 27« -
No. 2 white, 30@31c; No. 3 white, 29®30c; No'
2 rye.sß%c; No. 2 barley. 36@43c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 15; new winter, $1 19; prime timothy
seed, $2 35; mess pork, per barrel, $8 90@8 95;
lard, per 100 pounds, $5 15@5 17%; short ribs
sides (loose), $4 50@4 80; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 4%@4%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$4 95g5 05; whisky, distillers' • finished goods,
per gallon, $1 26. •_■• v .v\ _.-.•,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 38 000 83,000
Corn, bushels 229,000 664,000
Oats, bushels 215.000 1,130.000
Rye, bushels 3,000 85,000
Barley, bushels 13,000 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy. Creameries, 12!®
16c: Dairies, ll©l4c. Eggs, steady; fresh. I2^c.
Cheese, weak; unchanged.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. ■ July.
Opening 5 7% 5 7%
Closing : 5 7% 5 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug.
Opening 43 00 43 60
Closing 42 80 43 35
Wheat-
Opening 2110 20 95
Closing 20 90 2105
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. '
CHICAGO, April 28.— CATTLE— The small
supply to-lay was disposed of early at pre
vious prices. Fancy lots, .$5 50©5 70; choice
steers, $5 i ii, , 45; medium, $4 60@» SO; stockers
and feeders, S3 70@5 15; beef steers, $4 06®5 50;
bulls, $2 8094 1C; Western fed steers, $4 25@
5 25; Texas steers, $41.15 10; calves $4@6 75.
HOGS— There was a good demand, with
prices steady and unchanged. Fair to choice,
$3 87%«4; heavy packers, $3 65<g3 85; mixed
$3 70@3 90; butchers. $3 75@3 95; lights, $3 703
3 95: Digs. $3 3008 60.
• SHEEP— The few offerings sold .o-day at yes
terday's price?. Colorado wooled lambs, $5 Jo<?'
6 10, and shorn. .$4 fififiS 40, chiefly $5 25<55 40;
culls, $4 0594 50; yearlings, $5(g5 25; unshorn
Western lambs. $8 60®6 75; sheep, $3 50@4 10;
bulk of sales, $4 60@5 10; heavy export lots, $5®
5 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs. 20.000; sheep, 8000.
CALfFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, April 2S.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California Cherries at auction to-day
as follows: Black Tartarians, $3@4 37%; Purple
Guine, $2; Advance, $3 12.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. April 28. -Clearances, $.219,462;
balances, J^8,723.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 28.— There was the usual
nervousness displayed In the Eastern markets
to-day, but the net benefit as far as the local
market was concerned amounted to nothing.
There is no tonnage offering and exporters are
unable to determine what the proper freight
rate on a cargo would be, and are accordingly
Indifferent about taking a plunge in the dark
by offering more for wheat' than can be got
out of it for milling purposes. Walla Walla
is still quoted at 59c, valley at 60c and blue
stem 61@62c.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 129,729 bushels.
WASHINGTON. "
TACOMA. April 2S.— Wheat was weaker to
day, the market in Tacoma declining half a
cent. Club, 59% c; bluestem, 61% c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April Consols, 110 5-16; sliver.
2S%d; French rentes. 101 f 92% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, unchanged; No. 1 standard California,
2Ss 9d: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April 28. WHEAT — Steady;
wheat in Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak;
French country markets, quiet; weather In
England, cloudy and warm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3? B d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet, 3s
sVid. Futures, quiet; May, 3s 4%d; July, 3s
5%d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern Duluth,
dull, Is 3%d. Futures, firm; May and July,
5s 7%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
As the advance in silver is due to the forma
tion of the American Smelter Trust and not to
any demand for the metal Itself, it is not con
sidered* permanent. Indeed, quotations were
weaker yesterday. Mexican dollars are still
higher.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 So%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 BS*i
New York Exchange, sight — 06
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63^
Mexican Dollars — siv-"'-'
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT The Chicago market was barely ;
steady, with a moderate demand. There were
heavy rains in lowa and Wisconsin and freez
ing temperatures In the far Northwest. On? I
authority estimates the production of. the six
principal winter Wheat States at 60 per cent, :
with California 100. a.- .
The local market showed no change on the
spot, but futures advanced.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 10; milling,
$1 12 V 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:18 o'clock— December —
2000 ctls, $1 13%.
Second Session December— WOO ctls, $113%;
6000. $1 13*4.
Regular Morning Session— December— lo,o(K)
ctls. $1 i«4: M.OOO. $1 us. 10,000, $1 14%. May
2000, $1 06H: ' •>■""" $1 " t; V
Afternoon Session — December — 10.000 ctls,
$1 14*. 20,000, $1 14; 12,000, $1 14H- May— lo,ooo,
11 06%
BARLEY Futures advanced, but there was
no change on the spot. Trade was dull.
Feed, $1 02%(gl 05; Brewing. $1 10@l 12H per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
S7%e.
Uepular Morning Session— Seller '99, new -
2000 tig, g7%c; 4000, 87% c; 2000, -:■■■. 48.000,
S7S.C. a
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Stocks are light, and as the demand is
improving dealers have succeeded- in advancing
the market a fraction.
Fancy Feed, $1 45@1 47 1 — per ctl; good to
choice $1 40© 1 4: 1 -.; common. $1 3n@l 37%: Sur
prise. $1 45#1 50; Gray, 35@1 40; Milling,
$142>»'ftl 45 per ctl; Red. $1 30<g>l 32Vi; Black,
$1 25©! SO,
CORN—
Small round Tellow, $1 30; Eastern large Tel
low, $1124: White. $1 12'j; mixed. $1 06140
10 per ctl: California White, nominal.
HYK 'ail per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF&
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 45 per bbl for extra,
$3 25g3 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5034 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy. $3 25<f?3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4*4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75-
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; in sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, 15; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There is no further decline In Hay, hut the
market is excessively dull and the feeling is
not at all strong. The demand was never duller
than now.
Feedstuff? are as before.
BRAN— SIS 50916 50 per ton. '""" '':-'
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23 50@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 @31 50; Job
bing. $32tg32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, ?2Sjj3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$15 50@16 50.
HAT— Wheat, (12913 for good to choice and
$10511 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat $10®
12; Oat. $9<§ll; Barley. $7©9; Alfalfa, $5 50i§/7.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Previous prices rule, with a dull market.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 &o@l 65; Small Whites, $2
@2 15; Large Whites, $1 50@l 60; Pinks, $1 85@
1 95; Reds. $3 50; Blackeye, $4@4 10; Butters,
nominal: Limas. $4; Pea. $2 25@2 40; Red Kid
neys, $2 40(g'2 50 per ctl. • ■
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax. $2 15(g'2 25: Canary Seed
2Vi@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, B%@'9%c; Rape. 2V«(a
2%c; Hemp. 2H@3c; Timothy, 5@5VsC.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $2 10®
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 663 boxes Asparagus. 371 boxes
Rhubarb. 384 sacks Peas, 56 sacks Beans and
389 sacks Potatoes.
Onions continue to advance, some Nevadas
going at the top figure. Potatoes are weak and
dull, but no lower.
The market continues well supplied with
Peas and Beans, and prices show little change.
Receipts of Asparagus continue light.
POTATOES— SI 40@l 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40@l 65 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 In®
1 30 for seed and $1 6091 85 for large; New Po
tatoes, IS 2c per lb.
ONIONS— for fair and Ssc(ffsl 15 per
ctl for good to choice.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $I@l 75 per box
for No. 2. $2@2 25 for No. 1 and $2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb. 4(vg7fie per box for the general
run and 85c®$l for fancy; Green Peas, 2@
3%cfor common and •4c for Garden; String
Beans from Los Angeles, s@7c , for green and
B@7c for Golden Wax; String Beans from Vaca
vllle. 7@Bc; Cabbage. $1 40; Tomatoes. $I@2 per
box; Ere Plant. l2V4c per lb; Garlic, 20c per lb;
Dried Okra, 15c per 1b; Dried Peppers. '10c:
Green Peppers, 15@20o; • Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l per
dozen: Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, io@l2*£c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There is more Poultry on' the market than
for some time and the feeling is easy in conse
quence.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. I«glsc for Gob
blers and 14©15 c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 75
02; Goslings. $2 25<g2 50: Ducks,. $6<g7 for old
and $7 f.<VfiS 50 for young; Hens. $4 5005 50;
young Roosters, $7 .V'Tj?; old Roosters, $4 50@
5 50; Fr.ers, JMifi 50; Broilers, $4 50*36 for large,
$2 M<s2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 50@2 per dozen
for old and $2'ff2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. Jl; Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
tails and il for email. .;•',. ■
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no scarcity in Eggs and store are a
fraction lower. Butter continues in ample sup
ply for all current needs and dealers are shad
ing to Fell. Cheese is easy at the decline.
BUTTER— :"->.
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16H@17c; seconds,
16c.
Dairy— Fancy. 15c; good 'to choice, 13@14%c;
store, ll@l2c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10^@llc; old. 10c;
Young America, ll@12c; Eastern, 14V&915C.
EGGS— Quoted at 14V.(g15c for store and loU'S
16& c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 416 boxes Cherries and 313
chests Strawberries.
There was a large shipment of 93 boxes of
Gooseberries in from Napa, and the first sales
were made at 50c per box, the price subse
quently declining to 35c, and some were left on
hand even then.
Cherries kept up under the usual light re
ceipts. There will be no Cherry glut this year
from present Indications. The first Royal Annes
of the season came In from Vacaville, and sold
at $1 50 per box.
More Blackberries came in from Covlna, sell
ing at 15c per basket. There was not much
change in Strawberries.
Oranges are in much lighter supply, but the
market lacks snap.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 50@2 50 for fair to good and $3<@3 50
for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, $4'§'.B per chest for small and
$3f?5 for large berries.
Cherries, 60c@$l for red, 75c@$l for white
and $IKI 50 per box for black; extra fancy
black sold at $1 76.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, . $1 50-53 25
per box; Seedlings, $l(g>2; Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 50^2; Lemons Jl 25@1 50 for common and
J2<it2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
$7; California Limes, 65if?85c per small box;
Grape Fruit, $1 50<?j2 50; Bananas, $1 50&2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
There is a good demand for the cheaper
kinds of Raisins, and two-crowns are pretty
well cleaned up; but three and four crown are
still in ample supply and dull.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, 5@
5Hc for 50-60" 4@4%c for 60-70' s, 3»4<!}3ViC for
70-80's. 2%®3V4c for SO-90's, 2%@2&c for 90-100' a
and 2@2«4c for 100-110's; Peaches, BH@9*£c for
good to choice, 10<gl0%c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, 12'^(g;ir>c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9Hc; sun
dried, 6>6@7V4c; Black Figs, sacks, 3%c; Plums,
nominal 2c for unpitted and 4%@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown. 4&c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4M><i?6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2*>i®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s#Bc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds.
809 c for hardshell. 12313 c for softshell, 14<£16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
< fj.')c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10®llc for bright and Bi§9c
for lower grades; water white extracted 7Vi@
7^c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s@sVic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S<g27e per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are stiff p at the advance. Lard is also
firm, but Raeon Is weak. Prices for all kinds
remain unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Sc per lb for heavy.
SWT9c for light medium, 10%@llc for light.
12c for extra light and 12V4<!il3c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, He: Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, Jl3 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14: Family Beef. Jlo@ls 50; extra
prime Pork, $12: extra clear, $18; -mess. $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6>4<35%c per lb for
compound and 7'-.'ii7\i- for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins. SM,c; 5-lb tins. 8"& c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 in a case. 9Hc:
3-lb pailf>. 20 in a case. *He; 5-lb pails. 12 In
a case, S'^c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7 7 »c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SAc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, aljout 110 lbs, 7"jic
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
VJV:'-iV
There is nothing new under this head.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9©3Hc; light. S'^c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags. 6@6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, l«e; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15(f15i4c: dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10@30c each; short
Wool. 35i?f60c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool.
90o(K$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, Jl 75<g2 25 I
for large and Jl for small: Colts, We.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4*4<iJ4 I £c per lb;
No. 2, 3Vi<s4c; refined. ; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7@!>c; year** staple, 6@
8c: Foothill and Northern free. 10f7i2c; Foot
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada,
BQllc.
Fall Wools
Northern Mountain 6Ms*Bc
Southern ' 4 1 0<9'7e
Plains * 4 @6c
HOPS— IB9S crop, 10®llc per lb for ordinary,
12(gl2^c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5V4c for .Tune
and July: Wool Bags, 1 2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95. .A;"-.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cnnnel. $S 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
Harrison's circular says: ."During the week
there have been four .arrivals of coal from
Washington, with 12,550 tons; four from British
Columbia, 12,772 tons; three from Newcastle,
N. S. W.. 7952 tons; total, 33,274 tons. Under
ordinary circumstances the arrivals this week
would cause considerable of same to be yarded,
but the liberal deliveries to the Government
transports will leave but a small quantity to
go Into yard. Outside of the navy contracts
there is no change in the coal market, prices
are stationary and deliveries from yard are
about as usual, with the exceptions of two days
this week, which were showery, and caused
an Increased demand for household fuel. There
Is an increased inquiry for tonnage for coal
carriage from the coast colliers and better rates
are being offered. This Is caused by a scarcity
of local ships which were formerly engaged in
this trade, but have been diverted Into lumber
carrying principally to Australia, for which
generous rates have been paid. These will all
have arrived back with coal cargoes before the
end of the year. Our dealers have been some
what misled anticipating a softening of coal
freights from Australia and Great Britain, as
rates this week are quoted higher than last.
It was anticipated that grain shippers would be
chartering freely for the exportation of our in
coming grain at full figures, whereas the pres
ent Liverpool market offers them but little In
ducements to do so."
RlCE— China mixed. $4 05«?J4 10; China No. 1.
$4 50«54 90; extra do, $006 35; Hawaiian, $6®
C 25; Japan, $4 50@4 90; Louisiana, $5(Jf6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bars:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sV*c; Dry Granu
lated. sVj,c: Confectioners* A. s>4c; California
A, 4%ci Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. 4%c: Gold
en C, 4%c: barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
Vie more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER— Cardigan Castle takes for
Sydney 20,954 feet pine and - 277,620 feet red
wood.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Another advance in Hogs' is noted. ■ They are
extremely scarce and arrivals are insignificant.
The other descriptions remain about as before.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb.
« VEAL— Large. 7c; small. 7H<?Sc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7*>4@Bc: Ewes, 7(574c
per lb. .
LAMB— Spring. S>^<ffl<v per lb. ' .•'.;*
PORK— Live Hogs, r/<j.-,u,r for small. s^«js"S4c
for medium and i'v&r.c .for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4^i@sc; dressed Hogs, 7(gS!>ic.
RECEIPTS OF, PRODUCE.
For Friday, April 28.
Flour, qr sks .... 13,447 Lime, bbls ....... .91
Wheat, ctls ..... 140 Hay. tons 274
Cheese, ctls 158 Woo], bales ■-.....: 1 021
Butter, ctls ...... 240 Lumber, feet .... 50000
Tallow, ctls ..... 207 Pelts, bdls ...... 'i<»3
Beans, sks ...... 290 Hides. No ...... 217
Potatoes, sks 412 ' Sugar, bags; 7 510
Onions, sks ' 336 Sugar, bbls ' '50
Bran, sks 475 Eggs, ; doz 21930
Middlings, sks... 791 Leather, rolls .. 947
Shorts, sks ..... 115 Wine, gals "53300
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6.2001 .
• ■.
Family Retail Market
Butter and Egg? remain abnut as previously
quoted.
Meats show no change, hut Pork is likely to
go up. as It Is getting very scarce. Fish is
hlpher and in light supply. There is no ehanire
In Poultry. 8
Blackberries and Gooseberries are added to
the fruit list. Cherries keep high, as they are
more or less scarce this year. Strawberries are
cheaper. The Summer Vegetables are some
what cheaper. :
Following is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton —
3annel :.| ®12 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60®
Wellington .. @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling:- Wellington ® 9 50
ton ®10 00 Coos 8ay.... §> 7 00
Seattle 8 00® !
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs..l7&®—
square 40® — Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35®— dozen 20@—
Do, good 30®- Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal —015 Ib 12®15
Cheese, Eastern... 156 17 Do. extracted...— ©lo
Cheese, Swiss. 20<t25 I
Meats, per It) —
Bacon 12®17 Pork, fresh 12015
Beef, choice 18®20 Pork, salt — (912
Do, good 10@15 Pork, chops .Wig-
Corned Beef 10@— Round Steak 12®—
Ham. Cal 12y.®13 Sirloin Steak 15@—
Do Eastern — ®15 Porterhouse, d 0. ..20025
Lard 12®15 Smoked Beef 12«15
Mutton ICSIo-Pork Sausages.. 12Vj®20
Lamb — ©15 Veal 12@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, . each ;60@85 | Turkeys, per 1t>...18®20
Young Roost- - | Ducks, eaeh...7sc@U U0
ers, each 73c@$l 00 Geese, each. 50®2 00
Old Roosters, Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50
each 60®-65 Rabbits, pair.. — 40
Fryers, each — <375lHare, each.... ISO 20
Broilers, each 50@65|
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, tb 15020 : Lemons, doz 20**—
Apples, lb B@l2 Limes, doz —©15
Hananas. doz . 206j25 ! oranges, aoz 1..^.^
Blackberries., per ■• ; Raisins, Ib 5(&!10
basket 20-fi — ! Strawberries, per
Cherries, per 1b..12@30i drawer 25@50
Gooseberries, 1b... S(g 10 Walnuts, It) Uui-j
Vegetables--
Artichokes. d0z...20@30 Lettuce, doz 150—
Asparagus .• od/12 (Mushrooms, 1b....25®50
Beets, doz 12515 'unions, Tb -Kgi 5
Beans, white. It).. 4(tt 5 Potatoes. Ib 2® 3
Colored, lb 4(^3| Do, new 1@ 5
Lima, lb 6@— , Parsnips, doz IB®—
Cabbage, each — 010 ; Rhubarb, pr Ib 4fg> 6
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Radishes, dz bchslO®l2
Celery, bunch s@— Sage, d^z bnchP.-.Z^'Sss
Cucumbers, per [String Beans, 1b..10®12
dozen 75*82 00 Thyme, tb D««rtJU
Press, doz bnohs..?oW2" Turnips, dor 10®15
Green Peas, lb 4@ 6 Tomatoes, lb 15®20
Lentils, lb &'&%'
Fish, per It) — '
Barracuda 13®20 Shad 12®—
Carp —@— 'Striped Bass 15@20
Codfish — ®15 Smelts 15.320
Flounders — 12 Snips ' l.'.fn -
Halibut — ®-— j Skates, each 10@15
Ktngtlsh — (g— iTomcod 15®—
Mackerel — — i Clams gal 50<&—
Do. Horse —®— Do. hardshell 100.40®50
Perch —®— Crabs, each 10@15
Porapano — 1& — Do, softshell, doz.2E®3s
Rockfish 15®— Mussels, qt 10®12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o®— i Oysters. Cal. 100..40@50
Salmon, fresh 12@— Do, Eastern, .25340
Shrimps KM?— i
—
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in local securities continued very !
active on the morning session of the Bond Ex- 1
change, and a wide list of stocks was dealt in.
Oceanic Steamship advanced to $S3, Hawaiian
Commercial to $111. Paauhau Plantation to
$43 25 and Gas and Electric to $70. Hutchtnson
fell off to $35 60.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial
advanced to $115. Paauhau declined to $42 25,
Contra Costa Water to $68 12% and Giant Pow
der to $71 50.
There was rather more tone to mining stocks,
but changes were insignificant. The telegram
from the pump said: "Elevator working stead
ily. Water In the 1750-foot level winze la 33
feet 8 inches below the station."
The delinquent assessment sale of the Occi
dental Consolidated Mining Company has been
postponed to May 2.
The official report from the Standard Con
solidated mine of Bodle District for the week
ending April 22 states that raise 3. in No. 10
vein on the 31S level, shows 10 inches good ore
in ! the top. There is no change in the east
crosscuts on the same level. The south drift
on the 380-foot level has a 16-inch vein, value
not stated, on the hanging wall side, and a.
vein 6 Inches wide on the footwall side, value
also not given. The north drift on the 336 level
has nearly connected with the chute. The stopes
on the 150 and 31S-foot levels in the Moyle, New
and No. 19 veins continue to yield fair grade
ore. The stope south of winze No. 1 in the
Maguire vein on the 528-foot level is yielding
good re. Some good ore is coming from the
Fortuna vein on the 582-foot level. In No. 8
south stop* on the 336-foot level in the C. and
D. ledge the assays are very high. No. 2 north
stope on the 470-foot level shows improvement.
During the week the mill crushed 213 tons of
ore. Average assay vanner tailings, $10 32.
Concentrates produced, 1.7 tons. Assay value.
$592 94. Plate amalgam produced, 688 troy
ounces. Value per ounce, $1 70. The battery is
not cleaned up yet. Tailings plant. No. 1 treated
408 tons of tailings for the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. April 2S— 2 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board—
45 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 25
50 Contra Costa Water 70 00
100 Contra Costa Water 8975
100 Contra Costa Water 6S 50
25 Equitable Gas 7 25
60 Rana Plantation Co 17 62%
225 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 11l 00
WO itchinson S P Co 35 50
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 105 00
130 Market Street Railway • 63 00
lift Mutual Electric Light 16 75
$1000 N V C R R 6 I*-r cent bonds 103 00
$1000 N I' C R R 5 per cent bonds 103 50
250 Oceanic S S Co S3 00
65 Paauhau S P Co .'. 43 00
200 Paauhau 5 P Co, b 10 43 00
60 Paauhau a P Co, b 5 43 00
15 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 43 25
50 Paauhau S P Co ..". 42 -.74
50 Paauhau S P Co, cash 42 57%
15 Pacific Gas Imp, cash 69 75
5 Pacific Gas Imp 63 75
110 San Francisco Gas & Electrio C 0 .... 09 50
200 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 70 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co k< 57%
$1000 s F & S .1 V bonds 116 00 "
$10,000 S P of A bonds 113 00
50 Spring Valley Water 100 75
$2000 I' S 3 per cent bonds 10S 25
Street— >\ • ; - ; - \- -;.;rT
200 Oceanic 3 S Co S2 50
5 Giant Powder Con 7:, 25
90 Giant Powder Con 73 00
200 Paauhau S P Co . '. 42 l7'
-15 Market Street Railway 63 00 "
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar lit) 23
100 Hana Plantation Co 17*::',
135 Hutchinson S P Co 35 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 110 50
160 Contra Costa Water 03 00
175 Contra Costa Water 6S 25
50 Contra Costa Water ob nO
$2000 Geary 81 R R bonds 99 75
25 Giant Powder Con 7:' 00
5 Giant Powder Con ,/. .. 71 50
5 Giant Powder Con 71 75
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 371;,
45 Hana Plantation. Co 17 25*
45 Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar 115 (0
40 Hutchinson S P Co 35 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co ?r, ::,
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5... 105 00
5 Oakland Gas 45 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 42 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 42 50
$2000 Park & Cliff House 6 r«>r cent bd5. .107 (0
35 San Francisco Gas A: Electric C 0.... 70 00
20 San Francisco Gas & Eljctris C 0.... 69 STW
400 Vigorit Powder % 3 no'
Street— •
$500 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
B0 Hutchinson S P Co 85 75
40 Hutchinson S P Co a-, S7l,
50 Hutchinson S P Co — 35 00 '"
10 Spring Valley Water 't,O (;•>!£
15 Spring Valley Water ' 100 75
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 69 *>.=;
100 Equitable Gaslight: . 7 ~--\
SO Mutual Electr'.C Light '..'.'.'.'.'.'. IS '<!;',,
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water M Hi
40 Contra Costa Witer '.'. Mac
50 Contra Costa Water — ~! m mi
25 Paauhau PC> 1..."..!! 4?. CO
35 Paauhau S P Co *" 4* y-ij.
50 Hana Plantation Co '...'.'.'.'. 17 in
.' Oceanic S-S " > ' '"' s" 's
25 Oceanic - S o ......1! 82 75
40 Oceanic S S Co !.".""! bZ 06
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session
200 Belcher 30, 200 Justice 25
100 Belcher 38 • 600 Kentuck ....... 05
«00 Best A Belcher 63 500 Mexican 64 I
100 Con Cal ■& Va.l 95 SPO Ophir 140
100 Con Cal & Va.2 00 200 Overman 15 I
100 Confidence „... 79 200 Potosi 2S
100 Crown Point... 24 100 Sierra Nevada. 105
300 Crown Point... 23 200 Yellow Jacket. 48
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 36 300 Lady Wash.... 02
300 bullion 03 100 Mexican 65
200 . on Cal & Va.l WO 500 Ophir 135
200 Crown Point... 23 j 100 Ophir 140
100 Gould & Curry 40 700 Potosi 27
300 Hale- & Norcrs 25' 200 Union Con .... 56 i
400 Hale & Norcrs 24 1 200 Utah 13 j
300 Justice 25!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: .*
Morning Session.
200 Andes .......;.. 13 Ophir 137%
500 Belcher 37 j 500 Ophir 135
200 Best & Belcher 63 400 Ophir 130
200 Best & Belcher 61 200 Potosi 28
500 Bullion 03 700 Potosi 27
300 Con Cal & V.I 92% 200 Sierra Nevada. l 10
600 Con Cal & V.I 57% 400 Sierra Nev...l 12%
200 Hale & Norcrs 26 200 Sierra Nevada. l 05
500 Kentuck 05 200 Yellow Jacket. 47
500 Mexican 62 200 Yellow Jacket. 45
:■ Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 09 1 200 Lady Wash.... 02
900 Andes .♦ 13 j 200 Lady Wash 01
200 Belcher 39 250 Mexican 63
200 Best Belcher 82 200 Mexican 64
200 Best & Belcher 64 1 . 200 Mexican ....... 65
200 Caledonia 38 , 200 Mexican 66
800 Choi la 35 1 200 Ophir ...135
300 Chollar 34 300 Ophir ...1 37%
300 Con Cal & Va.l 95 300 Overman U
200 Confidence 77 1 300 Potoei ;27
1100 Crown Point... 24 900 Potosi 2S
800 Crown Point... 23 1 500 Savage 28
200 Crown Point... 22 300 Sierra Nev 110
800 Gould & Curry 40 200 Sierra Nev 1 05
400 Gould & Curry 41 400 Sierra Nev...l 07H
200 Hale & Norcrs 26 1 1300 Yellow Jacket. 46
1300 Justice 25 1 300 Yellow Jacket. 45
300 Justice 26 1 200 Yellow Jacket. 47
500 Kentuck •• 051
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, April 28— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... 06 07;Kentuck ....... 04 05
A a 09 10 Lady Wash.... — 01
Andes 13 14 j Mexican 61 62
Belcher 35 36 Occidental 33 34
Best & Belcher 60 6l'Ophir 1301 35
Bullion . 02 03 Overman 13 15
Caledonia — 39. Potosi 27 2%
Chollar 33 35 Savage 26 27
Challenge Con. 34 36 Scorpion 01 03
Confidence .. — 80 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Cal & Va.l SO 1 85 Sierra Nevada. l n^ l 10
Con Imperial.. 01 02, Silver Hill 03 C 5
Crown Point... 21 22 j Syndicate : — 05
Con New York. 02 —'Standard 2dO —
Exchequer - 03, St. Louis 06 -
Gould & Curry 39 40 Union Con .... 53 4
Hale & Norcrs 24 2.VUtah ......••••• 12 14
Julia 02 03; Yellow Jacket. 42 43
Justice 24 26
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, APRIL 2».
Sun rises 5:15
Sun sets 6:59
Moon rises 11:16 p. m.
C Time I'
9 Ft. -
if H W ]
29 ... 0:56 6.0
50 ... 1:61 6.7
1 ... 2:59 6.4
2 ... 4:14 5.0
3 ... 6:36 4.91
L W
4 ... 0:56 1.9
5 ... 1:55 1.2
8:13'
9:10
10:10
■ 11:10
I 12:09
H w!
< 6:55 !
:| 8:06
Ft.
I
I—o.B
I Ft. ! 1 Ft.
H W L W|
| 3:34 4.7 7:59 1.1
4:34 4.S 9:14 3.3
5:31 6.0 10:34 3.0
6:21 6.3 11:50 3.1
7:09 6.5
LW H W
1:05 0.7 7:49 5.7
I 1:56| 1.0 8:28 5.»
0.0
0.3
1
4."
I 4.31
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The.
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid»
und the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The helghtn
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
TIME BALI..
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8 X., Mer
chants' F.xrhange. San Francisco, Cal..
April 28, ISH9.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CAL.KTNS.
Lieutenant. T*. 8. N.. In charge.
KTKAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Luella Tillamook Apl. 29
A Blanchard...lCoos Bay Apl. 29
Weeott lYaquina Bay Apl. 29
Progreso JSeattle Apl. 2*
Aloha [Point Arena Apl. 30
Columbia Portland..., Apl. 30
Corona San Diego Apl. 30
Curacao Mexico JApl. 30
Mackinaw Tacoma |Apl 30
N'ewburK Grays Harbor (May 1
Grace Dollar Grays Harbor May 1
North Fork (Humboldt May 1
Queen ; Victoria ft Pueet Sound May 2
Pomona (Humboldt May 2
Bonlta INewport May 2
Santa Rosa 'San Diego 'May 4
Point Arena — IPoint Arena. May 4
Aztec China and Japan 'May 4
State of Pa 1.... Portland IMay 5
Belgian King..l China and Japan May 5
Areata ICoos Bay May 5
Moana Sydney May ">
Coos Bay (Newport May "
Crescent City.. Crescent City |May *
STKAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. i Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apl. 29. 3 pm|Pler 2
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 29. 2 pm Pier 9
Coos Bay... 'Newport Apl. 30. 9 am Pier 11
Areata ....|Coos Bay |Apl. 3". 10 am Pier 13
Umatilla .. 'Vic ft Pet Sd. May I, 10 am Pier •
A. Blanch'dlHumboldt May 1. 5 pmiPier 13
Corona ..... ißan Diego [May 2. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .'Portland May 3. 10 amfPier 24
Aloha (Point Arena.. May 3. 3 Pier 2
Bonlta .... (Newport .'May 4. 9 anjlPlar 11
Australia Honolulu "May 4. 2 pm 'Pier 7
Santa Rosa San DiestO. .. May 6. 11 am Pier 11
Amer I China ft Japan I May 6, 1 pmIPMSS
Queen |Vlc ft Pet Sd.lMay 6, in amPler 9
State Cal... 'Portland IMay 8. 10 amlPler 24
Steamer.
Destination. I
l
SHIPPING IXTEI«I,IGEXCjI:.
ARRIVED.
Friday, April ».
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 50 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. IS hours from Usal.
Jap stmr America Mam. Cope. 29 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Honolulu
6 .lay:- 1 hour.
Bktn Qutckstep, Hanson. 55 days from Pisa
jrua.
Bktn Irmgard. Sehmitd, I" days from Hono
lulu.
S.-hr Ida Schnauer. Sorenson, 9 days from
New Whatcom.
Sehr Magpie C Rues, Rattenherg. 5U days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 5 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Newark, Reck. 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday. April 2R.
Stmr Peru, Friele. Panama, etc: P M S S Co.
Br stmr Coptic. Seal by, Hongkong, via Yo
kohama and Honolulu.
Ship Columbia, Nelson, "Vladivostok; Macon
dny &■ Co.
Bark Acate, Hanson, Nanaimo; E M Con
nolly.
SAILED.
Friday. April 2S.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr State of California. Goodall. Astoria.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Btmr Ohio. Boggs. Manila, via Honolulu.
Stmr Gertie Story, Haaven, Karluk.
Stmr Peru. Friele, Panama, etc.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, Yokohama and Hong
kong:. via Honolulu.
Ship W H Macy. Groth. Bristol Bay.
Ship Dashing Wave, Lancaster. Tacoma.
Ship Columbia, Nelson. Vladivostok.
Bark Kate Davenport, Merriman, Port Blake
ley.
Br hark Cardigan Castle, Goulding, Sydney,
via Pago Pago.
Schr Abbie, Hensen. Caspar.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, Coos Bay.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. Blhlers Point.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Queen. Mortenson. Santa Rosalia.
Mcx schr Luz de la Luna, Rubio, Santa Ro
salia.
CHARTERS.
The Iroquols loads sugar at Hilo for New
York. (6 50. _. . „ ,
The Muriel loads mdse for Kihei Maul.
The Robert Searles loads lumber at Port
Blakeley, for Shanghai. 495.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 25, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 30 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Br stmr Warrimoo. no Mate, lat 47 N,
long 127 W- Bktn Klikitat, from Port Ludlow.
for Honolulu. ■■..-- ■-',-'
Per bktn Irmeard. from Honolulu. April —
April 23, lat 40 26 N, long 143 IS W. bark Merom.
hence April 13. fort Bristol Bay. All well and
wished to be reported.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April Schr
Mary Etta, hence April 26.
TACOMA— - April 28— Bark Gatherer, for
San Francisco. -
COOS BAY— Arrived April 28— Schr Laura
May. hence April 13.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April Nor stmr
Tyr. from Vladivostok. '•''; ;'■--•
SEATTLE— Arrived April 28— Stmr Czarina,
hence April 25.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 28— Stmrs Noyo
and Sequoia, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out April 28— Bark Tidal
Wave, from Taocma. for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 28— Schr
Maweema, from San Pedro; schr Sequoia, from
Newport (S) ; Nor stmr Tyr. from Vladivostok.
Sailed April 27— Br stmr Drumcraig. for Cal
lao..
Passed April 28 Stmr Olympia, from Hong
kong, for Taeoma.
EUREKA — Arrived April Stmr North
Fork, hence April 26. April 25— Stmr Fulton,
hence. April 26; stmr Weeott, from Yaqutna.
Ray; schr Lottie Carson, from Newport (S):
schr Mary Buhne. hence April 22.
Sailed April 28— Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 28— Bktn Tarn o'
Shanter. for Port Gamble.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 28— Schr
Sequoia, from I Newport.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 30— Whilingr stmr
Bowhead. for cruise.
KlHEl— Arrived April 11— Schr Ida McKay,
from Grays Harbor.
KAHULUI-Sailed April Bark Haydn
Brown, fox San Francisco. April — Schr Ruby
A Cousins, for Port Gamble; brig Lurline, for
San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 2? — Stmr
Campania, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 2S— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg; stmr Cluden, from
Amsterdam. ".
HAMBURG— Arrived April 2S— 3tmr Phoeni
cia, from New York.HORSES WILL
RUN IN AID
OF FABIOLA
Benefit at the Race
track Tc-Day.
STILL MORE OPPOSITION
DR. SUNDERLAND SAYS THE
■ IES ARE WRONG.
They Have No Right to
Encouragement to Such r
Corrupter of Public
Morals.
! " ■ . ■■. ■
■
■
■
must !
■
g the
■
■
■
■
-
■
i
-
■
it this -will
■
UNIVERSITY CADETS
IN A SHAM BATTLE
BERKELEY CAMPUS IS THE
SCENE OF MIMIC WAR.
BERKELEY, April 25.-Mnjor Edward
Field conducted the annual Inspection of
the University Corps of Cadets upon the
Berkeley campus to-day. The exercises
lasted through morning 1 and afternoon,
and were witnessed by a large number of
visitors. .
The troops assembled on the parade
ground shortly before 10 a. m., marching
in regiment formation to the lower cam
pus. Here they prepared for Inspection,
undergoing a most thorough examination .
of arms and uniforms at the hands if the j
inspecting officer. After two hours of
close inspection. Major Field pronounced
the condition of the department to be
thoroughly excellent, and spoke in high
terras of the appearance and bearing of
Previous to the sham battle, held in
the afternoon, the regiment was formed
for parade and review in honor of the
visiting ollicer. After exercises in bat- j
tallon movements under Major "William I
Ede ami Major W. Hackley, each com- I
nany was called out to contest for the
banner in competitive company drill. '
Company H of the second battalion, com
manded by Captain Oliver w. Dibble,
proved itself the most efficient and was
awarded the much coveted right of car- I
rying the colors next year.
Withdrawing for a while, the troops '
ranged themselves for the sham engage- j
ment. which proved the most interesting
oxercise of the day. Plenty of ammunl- !
tlon was provided to make the battle re
alistic. The defense took a position
Btretching across the center of the cam
pus, from which they awaited an attack
by a battalion of live companies from
below.
The attacking party, under Major Ede,
sent forward half its force in battalion
formation to dislodge the enemy, keeping
the remainder in reserve. In face of their
advance the defense withdrew tempora
rily to a strongly .... position in their
rear, rallying here in sufficient strength
to repel the advance. The attacking com
panies then retreated until the reserve
came up, two platoons from Company A
having meanwhile taken posit 1 by the
trees on the flank of the defense. From
here they pourod shot at the defense in
order to cover the retreat. As soon as
the reserve lent its support the whole at
tacking force advanced by rushes up the
hill, firing round after round. They com
peted the assault by a grand charge
which routed tho Demy, forcing it to
surrender.
Major Field, as soon as the battle was
over, made a sbort address to the troops
in which he complimented their work.
The exercises closed by the ceremony of
pn luting the flag, the band playing and
the troop.s presenting arms as the colors
■were dipped.
As the result of the year's work Pro
fr-FHor Frank Soule, commandant of the
corps, has sent the names of the follow
ing commissioned officers to Sacramento
to be enrolled as commissioned officers of
the same rank In the State militia:
To be colonel. Henry Walter Gibbons;
to h« lieutenant colonel] William Ede; to
bo ma.iors— William A. Haekleyi* "William
H. Houston.
To be captains— William T. Mooney, i
Carl M. Warner, Roscoe 1,. Logan,
Ch;irles E. Fryer, T. W. McPherson B
L. Quayle. Ralph C. Daniels, Ernest H.
Denlcke. Oliver Dibble, J. J. Kline and
Roy Fryer.
To be lieutenants — L. R. T!'isr>n<>r,
POSTUM CEREAL.
HARD TO QUIT.
Put when you become i atlsfled from
actual trial that coffee disagrees with
you and sets up some one of the hun-
dreds of ails that come from a dis-
turbed or poisoned Bet of nerves, shift
your morning: beverage to Postum
Food Coffee. When properly boiled it
is a charming drink, rich in the nour-
ishing food elements that Mother Na-
ture uses in rebuilding the body, brain
and nerve centers.
Grocera furnish Postum at 15 and 25
$ents, \;M~~^i,
Charles Seyler. W. McClOUd, H. W. Cro-
J. a. Reid, C. D. Clark, J. X- Conn
and l. C. Allen.
NO SOLACE FOR JURORS.
Judge Quinn Says They Were Either
Corrupt or Imbeciles.
OAKLAND. April 25. --"Crooked and
corrupt" rings in the ears of five jurors
who sat in Judge Quinn's court yester
day, and the sound does not please them.
William P. Courtney, one of these jur
ors, visited Judge Qulnn this afternoon
and sought a modulation of the expres
sion. ...
Judge Quinn was in no humor to modify
his language. "Get out of here," he said.
•I don't wish to see you around , this
court, i said you were crooked and cor
rupt and 1 meant it. I will stand by what
1 have said." _ , L. v .
In discussing the matter Judge Quinn
said the verdict in the Alice Moss case
was so thoroughly at variance with the
evidence and the court's instructions that
: if the jurors were not crooked and corrupt
! the" were absolutely devoid of intelli
ren'ce He said there were no middle
grounds If the jurors think themselves
aggrieved. Judge yuinn says, the law pro-
I vi<?es ample remedy for their alleged
i grievances.
A STRETCH OF TRACK
SINKS OUT OF SIGHT
' WRECK ON THE NARROW-GAUGE
BARELY AVERTED.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142S Park street, April 28. .
The Santa Cruz train on the narrow- ;
gauge line, <lue at 10:50 this morning, '
barely escaped being wrecked at the
••sink," about a quarter of a mile south
of the Pirn Leandro bridge, on the Bay
1 Farm Island marshes. The sink has been
a source of annoyance to the railroad
ever since the arrow-gauge line was put
in operation. It is a stretch of roadbed
about a hundred yards in length and ap
parently lilt on mud that covers a bot
tomless pit. A fortune h;is been expend
ed In lilling the place without producing
any substantial result. Several wrecks
have occurred at the place, and on one
occasion a fireman was pinned under his j
engine and drowned by the incoming tide. ',
Two trains passed over the road this ;
morning- but a short time ahead of th'i
Santa Cruz .special. The engineer of the
Santa Cruz train was keeping a sharp
lookout and discovered that the roadbed
had sunk almost out of sight. He ap
plied the air, bringing the train to a
stop just as the' forward trucks of the
locomotive reached the treacherous spot.
One of the train hands was sent to
Alameda. and a local train was backed
down the line to bring the passengers
into town. No through trains were run
over the road until late this evening.
HEALTH BOARD NAMED.
Health Officer Dunn Will Probably
Be Retained in Office.
OAKLAND, April 28.— Mayor Snow has
announced his Intention of appointing Its.
J. B. Wood, A. L. Cunningham and J.
Maher to the vacancies that will occur on
the Board of Health on May l. Dr. Wood
Is from Golden Gate in the annexed dis
trict. Dr. Cunningham is the only repre
sentative of the board who is not of the
allopathic school of medicine.
• The holdover members are Drs. Kitch
ings and Hamlin. it is believed that the
ojd appointees of the board will not be
disturbed. All are Republicans and all
have proved trustworthy. The patronage
in the gift of the Health Board consists of
Health Officer, secretary, bacteriologist,
chemist, sanitary inspector, two assistant
inspectors, and city food Inspector and
veterinarian.
TRIED TO SEE HER BOYS.
ALAMEDA, April 28.- William V.
< x-w ife, from v. horn
lie !):■ A f( n si -
Ltion .'it t he corner •>(
I .irk ' ■ night.
ma that his ex-wife was
seekii rview with their two lit
j a family
". .-t\ I !■■ had dia-
Ity and fearing
■ s ij.- had
y In
ingry discussion, which, it
,::■'] up in .1 fist light that wafl
by bystir
HOW DR. COLE
KEPT HIS DATE
Incidentally How Two
Co=Eds Had Their
Revenge.
THE story is on Dr. Cole
old Dr. Cole! J'.ut. say. you won't
tell anybody, will you? Now,
promise, for I must really tell it
to somebody, and I know you won't
give it away."
This, is the wa \
DR. COLE IN 1879.
Ed? have, been approaching their
friends at Toland j .nurse,
the promise is always given. Tti.-n
comes a nhort whispered coi
tion, with dear, delightful lit t lo gig
gles sandwiched nicely in, an "Oh.
really! how clever:" and two guilty
hasten awaj to retell the Btory
promises of ■< ■
It .'til happened in this wipe: In the
days of the old Toland college at
North Beach Dr. Cole was always
firmly opposed to lady students. When
the new college was planned Dr. Col«
had two rooms Curnlshed in a style
which made even the most conserva
tive visitors inquisitive, and an ex
planation was finally drawn from him.
"Hem-hem. This room," he says, "is
for the yOUOg women to retire to
they wish to slander— well, any
body—or when they find it necessary
to abstract locks from one another's
heads. Hem-hem."
The Btory went its rounds, and the
girls" planned a revenge— "just
t kind of a revenge" they
call it.
To-day Dr. Cole is excusing himself
by saying: "True, true— very true.
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
MUST EXPECT
MUCH FROM A
NEW SCHEDULE
Contra Costa Stock Is
Nearing Par.
OAKLANDERS ARE WONDERING
IS THERE A JOKER, IN THE RE
CENT ORDINANCE?
With the Amount of Stock Doubled
There Is a Gradual Increase in
Its Quoted Market
Price.
• • • • : H#^4f #
GAMBLING IN
WATER STOCK
♦ 4>
♦.~ - ♦
fy Value of Value of •*>
<;> Date— Shares. Stock. <£>
't> Aiipii't 3. 1597 ......JJIOO $465,000 <£
■*• December 31. IS9S ... 52 30 757.500 <i>
•♦> April 21. ISP9 66 SO M 7.600 <$>
4> April 24, 1899 73 37 1,085,550 <»•
••■■ April 2". 1599 72 50 LOST. •»•
■$> April 20, 1899 7162 1.074,300 *S>
-?> April 27, 1599 7150 \ 1.071 <4»
<.?> Total value at par 1,">00,000 <«.
<«> After May 9, par value of shares. 3,000,000 i.
<?> <»
-$><$><«><S>3><S><S><J><S><?>.s><s-<*><»><«><«><s><?>-S>
i
j
I
j
'
Oakland Ofllce 3an Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. April 28.
The remarkable rise in the value of
Contra Costa water stock has Bet the
people of this city to wondering. The fig
ures in the accompanying table show bet
ter than anything else could do the re
markable effects of tights in the Council
over water rates. The rapid rise in the
value of the stock at this time is a per
fect enigma, for unless there be some
facts unknown to the public the income
of the company after the 30th of June will
be less than It is at this time.
On July 1 a new ordinance will go into
effect, which is said to be considerably
lower than the ordinance adopted by the
"Solid Six" last year, and which caused
several riots. Yet the value of the stock
has increased nearly 50 per cent since the
last day of last'year, and why this should
be with the prospect of a decreased In
come is hard to understand.
On the 9th of next-month, according to
President "Watkinson of the consolidated
companies, the papers will be (lied annex
ing the Oakland Water Company to the
old corporation, and at the same time
Messrs May ward and Dingee will receive
their one and a half millions in stock. At
the present valuation this represents a
value of $1072,500, upon which, according
to the State law. "reasonable interest"
must be paid. As neither company has
paid any interest for several years, it Is
hard to understand, with the new.ordin
ance going Into effect, how such an im
mense capitalization can be made to pro
duce an income for its holders. Yet that
such an income is expected is very evi
dent from the rapid rise in the market
value of the stock. ~Vr-
The Contra Costa Company has discov
ered that it has a claim against the city
of Oakland for $127,000.. This amount is
being carried on tts books and Is for water
It was Injudicious— very injudicious;
but I could not ruin my— ah — reputa
tion at this time of life by overlook
ing an appointment with two young
' An<] Dr. yon Hoffmann
muses, "Horrible! Awful!" while the
dear little girls titter again and tell
nobody.
The "sweet little revenge" was
nothinp: more nor less than a little
rpiiet Invitation to a quiet lunch for
three. The doctor looked at it long
and lovingly. Finally he said: "Yes,
I'll come; but I must have my dram."
The luncheon was given in the "hair
pulling room." Dr. Cole seated him
self between his two entertainers,
Miss Aach and Miss Emma Wight
man, and tried hard to throw off his
\>iirs and be young again. He made
free with the bouillon, the salad, the
chicken and the strawberries, but
something was missing. Finally he
i nded one of his inimitable stories
with a half sigh and s;iid, "I must
have my dram." The "dram" finally
red in the form of a cold bottle,
nccompanied by a cartoon drawn by
one who will soon be Dr. Polk. This
concluded the entertainment, and the
DR. COLE IN 1899.
revenge, and this la why pretty heads
are put together In sweet confidence
that the whispered Btory may not be
overheard. This Is also why the ven
erable physician says "there are two
stubborn things in life— facts and
women."
supplied in past years during periods
when the city treasury was empty and
the company "charitably donated the mu
nicipal water supply. It is not known
whether the company will try to collect
this amount from the city, but it exists
as a debt, and now that there is no com
petition much will doubtless be heard of
It on every occasion when the fixing of
rates comes up in the City Council.
CALIFORNIA'S MINERALS.
Last Year's Record of Production
Shows an Increase.
The State Mining Bureau has issued the
record of California's mineral product for
1898, as compiled by its statistician,
Charles G. Yale. It shows a gratifying
increase in the production of mineral
wealth.
During IS9B thirty-seven mineral sub
stances were commercially produced on
a scale worthy of record. The valuation
of the total mineral product is $27,289,079.
In 1897 it was $25,142,441, In 1896 $24.28-1,398,
In 1896 $22,844,664.
The gold product Is placed at $15,90*.4 .?.
a slight increase over the $15,871,401 in 1897.
As the drought of last year lessened the
product by some millions this demon
strates an active development of gold
mining.
Copper takes second place for the first
time with a product of 21,543,229 pounds,
valued at $2,475,168. a very great Increase.
Petroleum increased to 2,249,088 bar
rels, valued at $2,376,420. Quicksil
ver, so long second in importance,
holds third place. The product increased
to 31,092 flasks, worth $1,188,626. Other Im
portant products follow: Asphalt, $482
--175: silver, $414,055; rubble, $445,395; brick,
$571,362; coal, $337,475.
The banner county for all mineral prod
ucts was Shasta, with $3,510,723 to its
credit. Other ranks are: Nevada, $2,072,
--604; Amador, $1,849,846; Tuolumne, $1,757.
--735; Los Angeles, $1,732,357, etc. While
Nevada leads in gold, Shasta's additional
copper puts it ahead.
_ _
CYCLERS' ROAD RACES.
Training for the Big Hundred Mile
Relay Race May 14.
The annual relay race of the Associated
Wheelmen will take place this year on
Bunday, -May 14, and five prominent clubs
■earns In training for the event.
They are the Olympic, Bay City, Garden
City, Reliance and Acme wheelmen. There
i.s also a possibility that the California.
Encinal and Imperial clubs will enter :
teams.
In <■ msequence of the near approach of
the race the clubs that have decided to j
entei will all hold road races to-morrow
over the Sun Leandro-Haywards course.
The Olympics will have a ten-mile try
out around the triangle; tii>- Hay Cltya a
Jive-mile unpaced event'from San Leandro
to Haywards, straight away. The Acme
and Reliance clube will both have ten
mile try-outs, and the Garden Cltya will
train their men over the East San Jose
course. All of these events will tak>: place
to-morrow forenoon, the San Francisco
contingent going over on the 9 a. m. broad
gauge <
No correct idea of the formation of the
teams can he had until a few days before
the race itself. Any one familiar with the
sport and the racing men can guess at
seven or eight men who will undoubtedly
ride on each team on account of their
known ability, but the two odd ones will
me almost impossible to decide upon even
with the club managers themselves until
the last momi nt.
Chairman Loop of the racing board.
accompanied by J. H. Xa?h, will ride
around the l(K>-mile relay course to-mor
| row to Bee thai everything is in order.
Will Play Handball at Ryan's.
The usual Sunday afternoon handball
pimcs will be played at Phfl Ryan's
court, *f>^ Howard street. The following
entries have been announced:
.[ Collins nn.l M. Magulre vs. E. Curiey and
J. White.
K. Barry and T. Foley vb. Dan R»gan and
.1. Klrby.
1 1 .! Sheehan and J. R. Rnckman vs. E. i
McDonough ;md E Lynch.
>; McDonald ai I M McNeil vs. P. Btelner
and M Mcl
A. McVicker and J. Oondon vs. G. Smith and
T. Lydon.
J, Barlow and E. Maloney vs. J. Riorflan i
and J. Dowling.
■ 1 A. Hnmi>ton v c . R. Line- j
i hatl and M. .1. Klleallm.
Anxious Mrs. Jones.
The following letter was received by the
Coroner yesterday:
SAN FRANCISCO. April 27, 18M.
Coroner Hill — Dear Sir: I am very much |
wrought up over the disappearance of my I
daughter, Mrs. Tom Bozzle. She has been |
away from home for two days and I fear she j
has committed suicide. Please do all in your
power to help me find her, dead or alive. Her
anxious mother, MRS. ANNIE JONES.
It Is believed to be a faked letter, writ
ten by some one whose idea of humor is :
the giving of trouble to others. The Cor
oner has done nothing: to find the one who
wrote the letter, and as there was no ad
dress given no more attention will be paid
to it. %fr-Jm
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
11 L Boy d, Boston 3 B Parish. Denver
C Welssman, XT F B Crownlnshield.
N F Stevens, N V Boston
P Prawley, Term F F Rogers, Stanford
H Henderson, Cal !J D Sproul, Chico
C C Block, U S S low I Mrs J I' Sproul, Cal
\V M Griffin. Cal 1' W Jnm.'«, N V
W II Lenneck, Oakld Mrs D W James, N T
B D Murphy, S Jose Miss Watson, N X
It D Bradley, Cal W Munhall, Pa
]• R Jacobs, <"ni w C Peyton. Sta Cruz
II Williams, Llverpol Mrs \v C Peyton, Cal
I>r A E Mackay, Ptld C Downing, Cal
Mrs A k Mackay, Ptld it C Kirkwood, Cal
C D Clark. Wyo <: Morris, N V
Mrs C D Clark, Wyo A C Robinson, N V
T R Mlnturn, Minium Commander Orpen, RN
C W Peck, Chicago N Thompson, llonolul
Mrs C W Peck, Cngo 1 B Lankershlm. t'al
.1 S Patterson. Ohio A Stourton, England
' S E Davis, Minn Mrs A Btourton, Eng
Mis.-- Davis, Minn L Aueustin, Paris
; Mrs D It Rae. Oakland T Walsh, Honolulu
M H Boye, Pa M .1 Shea. Kobe
! Mlps L Boye, Pa C H»moiat. Sumatra -
Miss s Boye, Pa A Tanahashi. Tokio
W B Jones, NY IK Kosata, Yokohama
F P Pease, Mich ■; Baba, Toklo
A 11 Greenewald, L A M Komiya, Tokio
J J Dooley, NY J Salto, Toklo
C I, Behr, London 'T NakashJoje, Toklo
Mrs N Morris & com- Rupport, Germany
panlon, Chicago IT Malkey, Germany
<"> H Feme, Folsom M Phllllppson, Brus-
Mr- E S Brayton, N V | pels
Miss Brayton, X V |Dr R Goldschmldt,
. Miss M V Brayton, NY Brussels
. J P Davis, Cal Misses Anderson. USA
F "W Lnthrop. Mich Lieut It }{ Allen, Tsa
' Mrs .1 M Barker, Wor- Mrs R H Allen, USA
cester W M Platen. Mo
Miss 9. P. Bancroft, j Mrs \V M Claggettl Mo
Boston Miss M Evans, Mo
II Martini. NY E B Andrews, Chgo
I, A Crane. S Cruz I Lieut T M Anderson,
II (i Herget. Ills j & w, Manila
Mrs H G Herset. Ills M de Tries. Stockton
T H Rlckery, Nevada Mrs J E H Nichols,
\V 11 Wright. Cambria 1 N V
R M Powers, Cal ■ Miss A G Thayer, Best
E T Murray, Pa S Crockford-, Boston
GRAND HOTEL..
N B Ford. Niles II 3 Pfluger, Fresno
N P Nelson &w, 111 C L Hoeka &w. Wash
CD Hyland, Cal IE A Winters, London
E C Chatham, Cal F Mason, Sacto
A W" Stuart. Hyde W It Bacon, Cal
Q H Paul, Wis H M Joseph. Chicago
R N Hawley, Wis W A Bonestal, Cat
DC Mitchell, Idaho J Thurman, Cal
.7 FurlonK & w, Utah A I'elky, Novato
X r BtreeUr, X V W Pelky. Novato
H P McConnell. Utah Miss M Pelky, Novato
B T Needham, Utah C Pelky, Novato
C W Shaw, Colo I A Pelky, Novato
X A Moody. Gold Run Mrs M A Jewell, Cal
It C Harbinson. Cal Miss I) Smith Cal
H A Crocker, Oakland A J Morse, w & c, Cal
E Miner, Oakland S Levy, Vi«alia
R D Hatch, Novato F Sabichl, L Ang
II C Rambs, Or H C Llchtenberger, Cal
J Kullman, Benlcla ! J Jensen, Omaha
F T Benson. S Jose jj B Willy, Eureka
J Harris. Cal Mrs M P Rogers, Ind
C E Tlnkham, Chlco Mrs NCuthbert, Ind
A. P • Hurwell, Seattle Mrs X Cuthbert, Ind
II H Hart, Napa A G Case & w, Tonn
B H Slßler, Portland S M Dewltt &w, Cal
W X Moody, Gridley X Staahlßren, Cal
S \V Church, Portland J F» McKee, Cal
.1 C rialzheimer. Pa G L Jones, Cal
L A Mclntosh. Chlco W O Russell, Cal
II S Allen, Sonora C D Houston, Cal
CO Dunbar, S Rosa R J Kerr. L Ang
J E Gannon, S Rosa Mrs \V C Fitch, Sacto
D M Reynolds & w, Cal Mrs M Carroll & com,
H F Albee, Fenryn j Honolulu
D W Burchard & w, D W Hlatt. Woodland
S Jose !C HoUy, Cal
C E Hollister, Cal |p Davis & w, Cal
C D Bailey. Cal W C Elsemore. Eureka
L *• Naultman, La G H Long, Mich
W Walters, Honolulu C B Shaver, Fresno
W A Veuth, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A L Hall. Seattle Mrs Bell, Fresno
C Wenel. NY C Howard. San Diego
Mrs Braeher, NY B Fletcher, Riverside
Mrs Tyrrell. NY J C Wren. N V
J S Brandon. T'kiah L S Ballard. L Ang
F H Fordyce, L Ang J C Hannah, England
C F Ennls. San Jose IZE Buckner. S Rosa
i P Lygada. San Jose jH_ F Smith. Stockton
i OAKLAND, April 28.— Con H. Town
send, charged with the murder of John
i McCann, was arraigned in the Police
Court to-day and his preliminary hearing
I Bet /or next Tuesday paornlns. i
A GRAND PICNIC.
Congregation of St. Dominic's Church
Will Hold Its Reunion at Mira
bel Park Next Saturday.
The second annual nicnic, excursion and
reunion of the congregation of St. Dom
inic's Church will be held Saturday, May
6, at Mirabel Park. Extensive arrange
ments have been made by those In charge
of the affair and it is ex"pected that fully
, two thousand poople will go. The excur-
I sinnists will leave the Tiburon ferry at 9
I o'clock in the morning. E. J. Dollard.
chairman of the committee of arrange
! ments, declares that no expense has been
: spared and nothing forgotten that can
i add to the pleasure of those who will at
! tend. There will be tame! and dancing
and an excellent band has been engaged
to furnish the music. The gate priaes
that are to be given 'iway are said t<> he
the handsomest that have ever
awarded at any church picnic that has
' been given in this city. The men of the
' eongrpc-ation constitute a committee of j
! the whole, who are determined that the
I grand reunion shall be a gala day in the ;
! history of St. Dominic's ChurcH.
Chinese Feast of the Dead.
T'p in Waverly place, Chinatown, the
josses of seedtime and harvest, of sum
mer and winter, rain, snow and every
other kind of joss have been brought out.
A hand is playing for their benefit and ;
offerings of rice, meat, money ami food- ;
stuffs are belnp made. A band la playing
and weird figures In strange COStunm
chanting sons:? unintelligible t.> the white
. man, but to the Chinese they have b
I significance— they are prayers fur t:■
parted ones whom the great joss has
ptilled up into heaven by the end of th>-» i
pigtail. Devout Chinese are :'."oklng into 1
: the narrow alley by hundreds to offer up
their tithes to the ;ods. To-day the
; prayers will be made for the bereaved
1 families and those who were promln. Nt
yesterday and last night wili stay away
while their friends and relatives offer up
prayer? and burn punk sticks to
away the devil of death.
A Strong Man's Secret.
The strongest man on earth says the secret
of his wonderful power is perfect dißestton.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters makes digestion
easy, and cures all complaints arising from
weak stomach, such as Indigestion, bilious
ness and all liver and kidney ailments. As a
blood purlT.rr and nerve tonic it is marvelous.
It Is recommended by all physicians, and Is
■old by every druggist in the country. Every
body needs It nt this time of the year.
/jgfiii% mln^
\D? MEYERS $j£o.=g
\731 MarKetst>fiW ra n tlsC0 "v
offi\ 183Q-fB38 a
ijrfjyW 48 years of success
I^aSS^ prove these troches
J to be the best for Coughs, Colds,
I Hoarseness, Bronchitis, Asthma.
g In boieg— never sold In bulk.
/*"" > §k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aas^JfS *''-'" KEARXY ST Established
B?PnPjp»S In \H7i% for the treatment of I'rivnt'j
Bm iifli Jtwl Ileuses, Lost Manhood. Debility or ;
HkESsulr disease wearing on body and mind and
Jj| BQH .skin Diseases. rhodoctprcurfswh'Mi
i nlhfr9f » lL Try him. ('hursts low
7<+t&saiSlS¥i*s Cnrpniruarantful. Callorwrlte.
in: J. £■'- <»tIIIBOS. Box 1957. i'ruaclsca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
j ,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
L^ Steamers leave Broadway
ISllw—^ wharf, San Francisco:
KSr^^ffv or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
■■ |;«»6f|J^SSff*\ April 21, 26, May 1: change at
EKTIKS^C^ Seattle.
BWkTPI inn * r or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
B^Ll^b9|< r •'• Port Townsend. Seattle,
HH Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. April 21. 26, May 1.
•nd every fifth day thereafter: change at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., April
19. 24, 29. May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucog, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Qnvlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
Pan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an.i
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 22. 26. 30, May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Lob Angeles), 11 a.
an., April 20, 24, 28, May 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mnedalena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Aitata, La Par., Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. • : ■'■•'■'
■ For further Information obtain folder.
; The company reserves the right to change
wlthovt previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour? .of fsalline.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgomery
Btreet Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE * 12 First Class Including Berths
I HllL $S Second Class and Meals.
Columbia Fails April 23: May 3, 12, 23.
State of California sails April 2S; May 8,
18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
— —
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. .~r^o*»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <2KlSji
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •*■»•'■■•"«=»
Morton st. LA NORM AN PIE. May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May 13: LA BRETAGNE,
May 20: LA TOURAINE. May 27; LA GAS-
COGNE, June 3. First-class. to Havre. $65 and
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. J4Bj 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATER AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAMA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with, steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 8
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
NIPPON MART! Tuesday. June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market Btreet. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
frL^S^V~\ ' 8. ■ S. S. Australia
TClRflir sails for Honolulu
•t^""* Thursday. May 4, at
R^^T^^X " s - 8. Moana sails
S.-nnm<:nint) via Honolulu and
(ylUJ!i!.)lll r > Auckland for Sydney
fn!TlFfflr?U~« Wednesday. May 17,
vyin^uiojp nt -j 0 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market. St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
v TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW ' YORK— PARIS— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
•iIMiIJNNIvG APRIL 20th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
: and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc.. apply to UAAIBUKQ<
AMERICAN LINE, 87 Broadway, Now York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. Paclflo Coast.
101 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Bansome, Ml
. m JHoatjEom.ua: St.. fiaa.Fjraasl#c9, ..,„,.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
"ABSOLUTE rSECURITYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mus\
bear signature of /£JL^^/
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar-.
SFF lrADTrtfel FORHEADACHE - SEE
3EC CARTtRo FOR DIZZINESS. 2LL
GENUINE IPnTLE m BILIOUSNESS. GENUINE
GENUINE WivER for torpid ciyer. GENUINE
IPI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFR 1 .._JB ' FOR SALLOW SKIN. WPAPPFR
rrnArrEn jfanil rOR the complexion " fiArrLtt
25 cents ! Pnrcly Vegetable.^^^^^^^S
"FI^IKTTEID O3ST I^EID PAPER."
AUCTION SALES,
LODGING=HOUSE AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY.
AH of the Furniture. Beds. Bedding. Curtain?.
Carpets and all personal property belonging to
the 3fi-room Lodging-house known as the
"EXCELSIOR," 39 Turk street. San Francisco,
Cal., will be »old as a whole to the highest
bidder for Cash at AUCTION. Saturday, April
29, ISD9, at 12 o'clock noon, on the premises.
WM. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
FURNITURE 16 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (SATURDAY) at 11 a. m.
653 and CDS HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 067 Marßet st.
SUPERIOR FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (SATURDAY) at 2 p. m.
360 BRANKAN ST.. NEAR THIRD.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, C 67 Market st.
OCE-^N TBA.VEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May :?!St. Louis May 24
Part* May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul Juno 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland ....May 24
Frlesland May 10 ! Kensington May 31
Eouthwark May 17 Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to •
B. COOAN, 44 East St.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
! Will leave. Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tup?.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a,
m.. 8:16, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thur?. night); Fridays.
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE ~r>r
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves Sari
. Francisco via Los Angeles at 8
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following: Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
i Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEIIFfICE— HI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MA 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Ouioe — 7 West Santa Clara Si
"north pacific coast RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, '8:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:46, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00, »9:00, •10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, »1:45, '2:30. »4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S"n Haf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:26. »6:40, 7:55. 8:40, »10:20
a. m. 12:30, 2:15. »3:40. 4:35, 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00. '9:45. »10:45. »11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20. *3:30, «5:15, »6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (♦) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:50. 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:08,
1:20, 2.40, 8:55, 6:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Reyes and way st&'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JDAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- j Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily, Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am: 2:42 pm
11:38 am | 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am: 6:25 pm Vtsalia 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping: at Intermediate points as required.
For particular* of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manner's Otfl<?e. Hi- Market
RAILROAD TRAVEL^^j
NOTHKBII I'AtIKK COMJTAJJT.
(P«CiriC SVSTKM.)
Yrnln* learr anil nir tin* to nrrlv* «•
■ah rn*wci«€o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
t-iAVB — From April 9, 1899. — akritb
•G:OOa Niles. 8»d Jose and Way Stations... .••:4»*
?:OOa BenicU, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . Bi4sp
?:OOa MtrysTille, OrOTilloaud Keddiug »I»
Woodland 5:4»p
7:00 a Klmlra, Vacarlile and Uurasey 9tli3t
~:'d».\ Martinez, San K»inr)ti, Vallejo, Ntpa,
Callntoga and Santa Rosa «tlf»*
8:00* Atlantic lOxvreKß. Ogilcn and I'ast.. Bi43f
■ ■3«>a San .lose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, fiaoraiiiento, l'laccrvUlo,
Marysville. Chlco. lied llluff 4ill»p
8:30 a •Milton, Oakdale and ttoaora 4tlop
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
■Caned and l'resno 1««13*
•iOOa Fresno. U&kerslicl'l. .Santa fUrWa.
Los Angeles, Demise, El Pko,
New Orleans and F.aet «^4. 1
IO:OOa Vallrjo. Martinei and Way Stations 7:43*
I '4:00m Mliif, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Visalia,
PorteMllle > 4illp
•l:OOp Sacrameuto Klrer Steamers "8:00?
4:O«r Martinez, Han Kuincin, Vallfjo,
Napa, CallntoK*. Santa Hoiia •«154
4ioor Benicla, Vaeaiille. .Sacrainanto, .
Wood I and. Knights Landing,
MaryiTille, Oroiille 10:45*
4:3OpNi!ia. Ban Jose and Stockton 7iisp
4:30p Yosemlte Sk-cpinf Car for Raymond l>:lSp
5:00p The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 0:13 a,
45i00p Paclflo Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Bock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East {8:43*.
»:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno li*:lsp
3::toi> Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
MoJaTe and l.os Angeles B>43a
StSUpHanta Ye lloute. Atlantic Express
for Mojavn riiJ Bart Bi4»p
«:OOr F.nropenii Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... »:4.tA
8:OOp Hay ward*, Mlei «nd San Jose 7:45 a,
•6iO<» F Vallejo 1»»1»»
7ioor Oregon IC>|iress,Hacraniento, Marys-
vii!e. Re<l<Uiig, I'ortlaud, i'uget
Bound ami liaat 7!4»A
:8:00p Vallejo. Port Coata and Way Sta-
tions }lO|3«*
1 1 0:O!ip Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East tI:43F
SAN LEAXniIO AM) lIATWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Mclrovr, Seminar)- Park, ( : is\
8:00 a Kllflihurß, Klmfiiirst. (}9:l3a.
<9:00 a Kan l.panilro, Sonlli Nan t*»:43A.
io.ooa Lenmlro, I>tnilillo, 1o:I3a
ti i.-ooa Loren/o. (herry ■ tli-i.-i*.
Minor ,iiil 18:45p
»•«««■ nayirard*. «'«*
' !o °* < Runs through to Nile*. -:«»
) t From Mle». (. *''" Jf
COAST lU VISION (Narrow «iaure).
(Foot of Market Street.)
27:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS»O»F
8:13 a Newark. Center-, ill--. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Sauta Cruz aud Way
Stations 3:30»
*3ilSr Newark. Centerville, Han June, New
Almauen, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Vriucipal Way
Stations 0:30*
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions fI:2OA
' 64:13pFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
: lions /9:2<U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
j rromSAN FRISCISGO— Foot of Uirket Street (Slip*)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 11:00 "2:00 13:01
•1:00 t5:00 ♦6:00r.M.
frimOimilD— Pact •rßroadwsj.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00*. it.
tl2:00 "1:00 t2:00 '3:03 iOO *g:QQr,M.
COAST DIVISION (Brotd daage).
(Third and Towngend Sts.)
•6:IOa South San Francisco *fI:3»F
•7:OOa San .Toi-e ami W»y Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) liSOl*
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. PBcitic Grove and
Principal Way Stations :":»3»
•iOOa Ban .lo«e, Trei Plnos, .Santa Cruz.
Pacltic Grove. Paw Roblea, Ban
Luis Oliispn, tinadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:l«p
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way .Stations «H:OOa
lltgOA San Jose and Way Stations. 5:30p
•11t45p San Matco, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy. Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
Grore M«:8fl ».
•8:8 Op San Jose and Way Stations »9:00 a
•4:l»p San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:45a
•S:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:50 a
SiSwf San Jose and Principal Way Stations *H:3oa,
fl::»tp San Jose and Way Stations 7:: tOp
tll:43i> San Jose and Way Stations . 7:30
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•SiiimUts exceptcd. } Sunday only t Saturdays only.
only. (Saturday and Sunday.
jfHundxjr nnd Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO,
LESSEE ,
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL-.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:3 i
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trla
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— ExVa trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. in.
BUNDATS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. i,j Ut, 3:30U
1:00, 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS— 7:50, »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43j
3:40, 6:18 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips aft
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. |
BUNDATS— 9:49, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:49, 5:0S»!
«:25 p. m. )
Between San Francisco and Schu*tzen Paris
came schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco, i
. 1 April 16, . 1 —
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- Week I
Days. days. Destination. days, i Days.
7:30 am; 8:00 am Novato. 10:19 am i. 40 an!
1:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pmi 10:25 aiq|
6:19 pm 5:00 pm Santa K.sa. | 7:33 pm 6:20 pa
Fulton. ',
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 any
HeaMsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyßervllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Qloverdale, T:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 an
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:36 pm 6:£o pn
7:30 am 10:25 an)
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pr*
T:3O am 8:00 am, Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O an
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm ( 6:20 pa
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 10:40 am < 10:25 an
1:30 pm 5 00 pml I 7:3;". pm, 0:2) pn
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weal
Eprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservilio for Ekagrg«
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs^
KelseyvllVe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay; Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at I'klar. for Vlchjl
Bprlngs, Saratoga Springs, \M\ic Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Totter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierlpy's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullville.
Boonevllle. Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Jfavarro. Whitesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags,
Westport, X T sal, Wlllltta. Laytonville, Cum*
filing's. Bell's Spring?. Harris, Olsaa'B, Dyer;
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets aa
reduced rates. <
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. >
Ticket Offices, 600 Market Bt., Chronicle Mdg>
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen, Pass. AgentJ
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco! via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and .:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur«
day at 6:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
Ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. r.nd 1:«, 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare. 8. F. to Summit and Return. SI 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
, GalL SI. 00 Year
910
HARRIS MAKES
A BIG FIND IN
"KID" SWINDELL
Stanford's Catcher Is
Signed by Frisco.
*POP" SWETT WILL NOT PLAY
TROUBLE AT ALL POINTS
LOOKED FOB THIS WEEK.
Opening of Oakland's New Grounds.
How Donlm Became a Ball-
Player — New Men
Signed.
Another FhnfTio and cut of the lea—tie
cards during the week as resulted in
an entirely new hand In the game of per
centage. Santa Cruz, by taking the Oak
lnne! series, has drawn away from the
bunch and is now comfortably In the
.end. with San Francisco ant! Wntsonvllle
Eightlng for second place. San Jose is all [
by itself, having broken even on the num- i
her of games won and lost, while Oak
land and Sacramento are doins a double
Ptunt in the last notch. The taJlenders,
however, are so well up that the finish
of the present week's series is likely to
find one or the other up among the lead
ers, if not actually in first place The
crank who would undertake to name the
leader a month from now must be gifted
with supernatural powers. The games
won and lost and the percentages are as
follows:
I T. | CR I -- | T. I o I *£ I 5! I __ I "d
g g 1 tt- g p g _* '■ q
I •« I
B lu 1 It ,
a, 3
CLUB&
j [f|l|rij|i|lHl-!t
Santa Cniz 1...1 0 0| 0 312 518 .625
"nn Francisco 0 ... Z. 0 0 3 5 9 .000
.Vatsonville 12 ... 2 o|o 59 .555
"an Jose 0 0 2 ... 2j 0 4 8 .500
Jakland 0 1 0 2 ... 0 3 v .375
"aeramento 2 10 0 0 |... 3 6 .375
L"st 314 j 4 4 5j 5 ...j...!....'
Manager Harris has made a great find
and Pop Swett will not get back Into the
game. Pop found it too great a task to
pet into .-thing like his old condition, bo
he gave it up. Last week Harris was in a
quandary; having no catcher, so in des
peration he signed young Charles Swin
dell of the Stanford University team for
the Sacramento series. The youngster
made an excellent showing and Harris
at once cured him for the season. In
addition to being a. hard hitter Swindell is
an exceptionally strong and accurate '
thrower to bases, and above ail he is a
fast man on the paths. Hitherto this ha*
been a decided weakness in the team, but
Hank thinks Swindell will help the entire i
team in that line.
The new Oakland grounds at Golden
Gate will be formally opened next Sun-
Say morning by the Oaklands and Sacra
mentos in a regular league test. Ewing
has secured one of the prettiest sites in
the State for a ball park. The entire in-
I'losure is as level as a floor and the out
tield Is covered with .1 luxuriant crop of
grass, which, however, is kept closely
cut. This week he is having sawdust
worked Into the soil on the diamond and
by Sunday the grounds will be in perfect
condition.
Sacramento will present several changes
In Its make-up this week. Manager
Kripp has written to Harris that he has
linally secured Harvey and that he will
probably pitch one of the games against
Oakland. Krlpp has also secured a new
Inflf-lder, but has not made his name pub
lic yet.
Santa Cruz has one great advantage
over the other league teams in having
heavy hitting batteries. As a rule ball
teams do not rely much on the stick work
of the men in the points, but Donlin and :
Balsz are exceptionally heavy hitters,
while Pace can find the ball with any of
them. Daubenbis; the reserve pitcher, is
also a good sticker.
Krug of San Francisco continues to
land on the ball hard and often. Last
Sunday at Sacramento he put it up
against the left field fence three times, j
Krug is making me errors at short, but '
he never thinks of his record, going for
everything In sight and covering more
ground and accepting more chances than
any other intielder in the league.
The Oak! cripples are rapidly round-
Ing into form again and ihe team is prac
ticing at Recreation Park every after
noon, while their own diamond is being
put into first-class condition. Donovan
has almost entirely recovered from his
Charley horse, while Billy Hammond's
hand Is about healed up.
Dunleavy, who sprained his ankle three
weeks ago, has recovered, and will regu
larly play left field in place of Borland,
who has been released. With Donovan at
center and Hardin at right, where he will
be stationed permanently; this will give
Oakland one of the best run-getting out
fields in the league, as well as a sure
fielding and accurate long-distace throw-
Ing trio.
Fred Swanton tells a funny story of
how Donlin got into the. game. The big
pitcher was formerly a foot-racer and
•with a companion started south to
"work" the orange-growers. While in
Los Angeles the ball team there had some
hard luck and somebody asked Donlin if
he could play, as the ■ • atn had a game on
for that day and nobody to fill up the
gap. Donlin said he could play all right,
though In truth he nad never played a
game In his life. However, he went into
right field and managed to accept the
only chance offered, an easy fly. The op
posing team had a "dub" In the box and
Donlin fairly slaughtered him every time
he went to bat. Two days later they got
Donlin into another game and th( Los
Angeles pitcher was disabled almost at
the start. The captain asked Donlin if
he could pitch and again received an af
firmative reply. Donlin was hard as a
rock and although he had never pitched
a ball before he had terrific speed and
nobody could touch him. During the game
he noticed thai some of the halls he threw
■would start In a line and suddenly shoot
off to one side. From that time he began
to practice pitching and now his curves
are simply marvelous. And he is only a
novice yet.
The following letter has been received
by President Moran of the California
League showing that the league is now
under th. protection of the National
agreement:
National Board of Arbitration
. Washington, D. C. April 20 1899
Mr. J. T. Koran, Oakland, Cal.- Dear sir:
I am In receipt of your favor of the 13th lnst
In relation to the protection of the California
League In Class E »n<i inclosing New York
exchange in payment in full of dues. I will
promulgate your protection In my next bulle
tin. Yours very truly.
X. E. YOUNG, President.
The franchise and league rights of the
San Jose Waseball team aaa been sold to
B. S. Gilbert of that city by A B. de la
Rosea and George Borchers. The price
was $300. Borchers will continue as man
ager of the club. The team will be ma
terially strengthened and the grounds im
proved.
LATE SHIPPI.\« INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. April 28.
ftmr Coos Bay. Shea. SO hours from Newport
and way ports.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 28— Stmr I,uca
nla. from Liverpool and Queenstown.
QtTEENSTOWN — Arrived April 28 — Stmr
Ten;;' from Philadelphia, for Liverpool
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared April 2v-.Stmr
T»*n Poland, for Liverpool.
GENOA— Arrived April 28— Stmr Saale, from
Kh\ York
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 92 (fifty
cents per fhm») of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will he payable at the office of the
i'any, 327 Market et., on and after
TfKHDAY. May 2. 1899. Transfer Imoks will
rlo»e on Wednesday. April 26, 1899. at 3
©"clock p. in. E. H. BHEL.DON, Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST MASTERS^Associatlon of Callfor- •
nla, F. and A. M.— Monthly meeting <JB\-
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING at v iKX
o'clock. By order of the President, /^r >
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F and A. m. •
Called meeting this (SATURDAY) A
AFTERNOON at L 1 o'clock. 3d ile- 7l_X
K.-ee. c. D. BUNKER. Secretary. /^r^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. <^^^^,
V., will me. at 2319 Mission st.-^Ss_S_i
THIS EVENING at 8:30 clock. :^s<2»?! ?
Important business. "/n^
JOHN STEVENSON. N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Secretary-
EXCELSIOR Decree Lodge No.
2. I. O. O. DEGREE TEAMS ~s£lJT -fc
are requested to meet THIS -^^S^^~
EVENING at Si o'clock foi -^//lIN
DRILL A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
IRISH Nationalists attention! Thirtieth *
annual picnic and reunion will be held lf^
on SUNDAY, April 30. at Shell Mound %^S
I'ark. Berkeley, under- the auspices of '™>« l
the Knights of the Red Branch.
THE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
THE California .Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams, In the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills, Butte County, to
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek: from John
M. ' ■•Hum. In the Santa Rosa placer mine, in
Mohawk Valley, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings in Sulphur Creek, and from the
Plumas Development Company, In the Yankee
Mill mine, near La Porte. Plumas County, to
deposit tailings In St. Louis Ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
C.9. Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
May 15, 18! at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the :'th day
of May. 1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eelcting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come bpfore the meeting. Transfer books will
. lose on Friday, April 28, IS<>9. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building j
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company I
number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of Bald meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company '■
create a bonded indebtedness of two million j
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in j
United States gold coin, for the purpose' of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for I
use in the business of this corporation, and I
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purpose? of this Company; and to
*ecure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam '
and palling ships and all other property of i
paid Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the !
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. 11. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
tinny. ■■■■•-
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles wltt out fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near setter.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphapag«»of 520 Lake St.. S. F., Cal.. ha* re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1599: Dor-
othy Edye, 8 years; Susan Connolly. 3 years:
Rose Connolly, 2 years: Frances L. Dawson, 8
years: Helen G. Dawson. 6 years; Annie F. !
People?. 10 years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years; I
Grace E. McKewen, 5 years; Marietta E. Me- ;
Kewen, 3 years: Georgia A. Smith. 11 years;
Laura ("lister, 11 years; Edna A. Anthony, 9
years; Myrtle Corrlgan, 11 years; Lillian E.
Powers, 7 years: Theresa M. Bowtwell. 10
years; Maud M. Manny. 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; i
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41R Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5550. ;
—^ — — — — — — — — -r^= |
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel Main I^7. Bradley .- Co.. 640 Clay.
!^*™*^ — ?"™"^ — ' "T^^—^"?^- — ' "Tf j
SITUATIONS WAN TED— FEMALE.
_^
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook;
strong and willing; wages no object. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, good tress, city or
country: reference. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
understands all kinds work. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st. I
SWEDISH gfrl for housework; 2 years' refer-
ences; also a nice German cook: both want
situations. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 - itter St. ■ j
NEAT young German girl desires situation,
cocking and housework, $15. MISS CULLEN,
_323 3uttei •
EXPERIENCED sick nurse will go by day or
week; terms moderate; doctors' and ladles'
•.noes. Call or write 24 Lewis plate, oft |
Post St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
POSITION wanted by experienced stenog- j
rapher and typewriter; reference given; will !
furnish machine If necessary. Address box
114, Call of lice. |
COMPETENT sick nurse, long practice. Is not ■
trained, will work in city or short distance j
In the country; best doctors' references. Call
60 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress would like a position;
can do both arm and tray work; no objec-
tion to country- 12A Mason st.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad- j
dressing and general correspondence. Apply i
room 400, Examiner bldg.
YOUNG woman would like a position as
working housekeeper; city or country. Call
or address Housekeeper, 443 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— By young, healthy mother, who Just
lost child, baby to nurse. Answer Imme-
diately, stating particulars, box 12, Call office.
BUSINESS woman wants position; can do al- j
most anything required. Box 115, Call.
LADY would like to go East as nurse or com-
panion for fare. Box 117. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
29 Grant aye., rooms 4 and S.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper;
city or country. 211 Fourth st., room 52.
LADY Just from the East wants work; cham-
bermaid or housekeeping. Room 1. 821 Mission.
WANTED — By a young woman, a place as
cook and plain washing. Please call at -17
Hecond st.
NURSE and housekeeper; thoroughly under-
stands her business; well recommended. 633
Stevenson st.
COMPETENT cook and laundress wishes sit-
uation in city as cook and downstairs work.
113 Ninth at.
GIRL wants situation to do general house-
work or cooking. 2202 Pine st. '
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day.
Address 132 Sixth St.
SITUATION wanted— Light housework or care
of children, by a capable woman; city or
country- Inquire at 1204 Mission st.
RELIABLE woman wishes a position as work-
Ing housekeeper; competent to ' take full
charge. Box 297, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; LOO rooms; 2r,c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $5
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WAN TED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 58.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 114% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
MARRIED couple wish situation; private fam-
ily; man generally useful, wife plain cook-
ing and housework. Box 112. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bicycle repairer, understands
lathe work, wants situation: also stationary
engineer, with long experience as chief city
water works; address either. J. H.. 210 Turk.
SITUATION wanted by' young man about
place; indoor or outdoor work: good horse-
man; best city references. HENRY AN'-
i DERSON, 219 Kearny.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German
as barkeeper, lunch cook or porter. Box 121
Call office. ■ '
BAKERS— Experienced baker requires situation
In shop, institution or. hotel. Apply 655 Har-
rison st.
DURING evening a Japanese desires to work
as a waiter or washing dishes for his board
and lodging; wages no object. Address box
188, Call office.
YOUNG man 24 desires position as bookkeeper
or assistant: 2 years' experience; references:
salary moderate. Address box 12, Call
branch office, 357 Hayes st.
JAPANESE good boy, speaks English well,
wishes position as schoolboy or housework in
small family. H. X.. ISOS Polk st.
BOY 18 living -with parents would like to learn
some good trade. Address box 173, Call.
THE SAS- PEAKCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
WANTS work; carpenter (Belgian); good bench
hand and cabinet-maker; good reference. 2010
Leavenworth st.
YOUNG man with a year at barberlng wants
steady place in good shop. Address box 112,
Call office.
AN honest Japanese boy wants position to do
housework in family. Address HIGASHI, 703
Larkin St. ■ .
FIREMAN would like a stationary job; first-
class recommendations. Box 196, Call office.
MAN wants work in grocery store as clerk, or
can act as barkeeper. Box 111. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook for restaurant,
steady man, with references', wants position
in city or country; understands any style or
short orders; wages moderate. Call or ad-
dress I'll'; Polk st.
GOOD cook wants situation, hotel, restaurant
or boarding house; country. Apply 312 Van
Ness aye,
YOUNG man familiar with machinery desires
employment. Address box ISL Call.
GENTLEMAN having resided many years in
Paris and Rome desires to give lessons in
both languages; reasonable. Box 168, Call.
GOOD bookkeeper wants position; one who un-
derstands his business; will work as assist-
ant; salary no object; good reference. Box
101, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gents' garment cutter, using 3
systems. Is open for engagement; No. 1 East-
ern references given. Address L. T. MUTH.
2S-40 Cordova St., Vancouver, B. C.
! WANTED — An honest, ambitious young man
j of ability desires position in store, office or
wholesale house; good references. Address
P. H. 8., 781 Mission St.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, sanitarium, $30. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutler st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15; middle-aged woman,
Chamber work, $12. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $10 to $12; young girl
to assist. $15; second girl, $2"; cook, $25;
housegirl, $26; two Irish housegirls, $25 and
$2ri; middle-aged woman, country, $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $25; cook, $2:., American family
of 4; German woman as housekeeper, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, Institution, $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, San Rafael. $12; nurse, city, $25,
1 child; nurse, $15; 3 German second girls,
$20 and $25; waitress, $20 per month and sleep
home; 2 waitresses, hotels. $20 each; house-
work, $25, Bausalito; Belvedere, $25; Capltola,
$15; 10 housework girls, city, $20 and $25 per
month; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light housework, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 326 Slitter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ___
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
WANT TO-DAY (SATURDAY) !
Head waitress, $23; waitress, Santa Cruz,
$20; waitress, springs, $20; 2 waitresses. Gait,
$20, fare paid; 2 waitresses. Portervllle, $20;
tare paid; waitresses, Stockton, Bakersfleld,
San Mateo and city, $20: chambermaid, $15,
call early. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st :
TEN (10) chambermaids for city who can wait
for dinner. $20: also 2 for country, $20. C. >
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. j
;. ..FAMILY ORDERS j
GERMAN or Swedish cook and housegirl. 3
in family, $25; Irish housegirl, «"" : 6 cooks,
$25; 4 houseglrlß, $25; and 20 young girls to
cook and assist, $15 to $2U. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 'i. ary-
WANTED— Cook, country boarding house, $30;
cook, country . tel, restaurant style, night
work. $40; Swedish girl, housework and care
taker while family absent from city, $30;
plain cook, small place, country, for laun-
dry hands, $20, fare paid: Protestant nurse.
$20; Swedish second girl, $20; German second
girl, $20: French nurse. $25: waitresses, coun- :
try hotels, $20; second girl and seamstress, ;
$20; and many others; housework, etc. ' J.
]•■ CROSETT & CO., 316 ; Sutter st.
GIRL for chamberwork and waiting, plain
country hotel. $20. fare paid. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay Bt. _______
WANTED — Protestant woman who is willing
to do the cooking and housework and small
washing In American family; wages $12; good
home. Call at 9 Mars St., between Seven-
teenth and Corbett road. |
GIRL to go to Tehachapi to do general house-
work; 3 in family. Call at SIS Hayes st., '
between 9 and 12. ■ i
YOUNG, or middle-aged woman; light house-
work for good home; no children or washing.
7COA Howard st. '
WANTED— Experienced bander on gloves. F. ;
G. CON KLIN A CO., 413 Sacramento st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for cooking, washing
and baking; wages $12 to $16. Call 31» Third.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of 2 chil-
dren. 419 Brannan st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework. Call to-day at 1214 Eddy st.
YOUNG woman for light housework; good ;
home; $12. 5913 California St., nr. 21st aye. |
GOOD waitress, $4 a week; call early. 656
Geary Ft.
■WANTED — German girl for second work. 3660
Washington St., corner of Spruce. |
GIRL for light housework and cooking; $12 per
month. 1921 Union st., near Laguna.
YOUNG German girl for upstairs an<l assist
with children. Apply mornings at 1004 Paru
St.. Morton station Alameda.
OPERATORS on shirts wanted: inexperienced
hands taught. 410',-j. Mission St., top floor.-
GIRL for general housework. 13 Pearl St., ',
, near Market and Thirteenth. '
OPERATORS or. overehirts and underwear.
LEV I STRAUSS .1- CO.. MV, Fremont st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant IK
Want for the coast road, free fare
10 concrete mixers, free fare $2 a day
blacksmith, railroad work free fare
25 feur-horse teamsters, free fare
$25 and found I
25 "two-horse teamsters, free fare
$22 and board
15 laborers, free fare $175 a day
All the above for the coast road; free fare. '.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS
Head and second cook, railroad eating
house, $100, hall fare free; chef, $90; second
cook, $50; baker, $50; all for a summer resort;
fry cook, $40; second cook, restaurant, $10 a
week; second cook, hotel, $30; porter, coun-
try hotel, $20.
MISCELLANEOUS ,
Laborers, pick and shovel, $2 a day, fare
DOc fee $1 ;• 10 quarry laborers, $1 a day and
board; 2 milkers. $25, see boss here; car-
riage painter, $2 25 a day: carriage trimmer;
blacksmith, ranch, $35; harness maker, $30
and found; laborers to handle rock on a
barge $1 26 a day and board; and others.
C, R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Trimmer tor carriage works. $3 day; laborers i
for new railroad j
5 carpenters $2 75 and $2 25 day
3 camp blacksmiths; ranch blacksmiths and
helper
buggy washer and stableman, $35 and $80 '
and found; gardener, $25; farm hands and
teamsters, $26 and found.
FOR HOTELS i
2 waiters, mining boarding house; cooks, $30 !
and $40 and found; waiters, $25 and $30 and ■
found: ranch cook, etc. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st. •
WORKING foreman for sheep ranch; man and i
wife to take charge of orange ranch, $50; I
farmer and wife, $40; man and wife for
orchard, no objection to children: man about ;
private place, Napa County, $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. j
WANTED- 2 carriage painters, 12 60 day; i
wood turner; machine man to run jointer; j
stableman for small stable, $25 and found;
American farmer, $25; 15 farmers, $20; chore-
man tor ranch, '$20; chore boy, $10; 2 black-
smiths; railroad laborers and teamsters, $1 70 !
and $1 75 day; sheepherder, $25; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Night cook, country, $40; pastry ;
cook, $36; ranch cook; hotel waiter, $26: ele- :
vator boy, $4 week; and others. J. F. CROS- j
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— SingIe- American ranch foreman,
$500 year; references required. J. F. CROS-
ETT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Coachman, near city, references re-
quired, $30 and found; young man for butcher
shop, near city, $20 to $25 and found; farmer
for orchard, steady Job, $20; 4 milkers, $30
and $23; 6 laborers for city, $1 per day and
board; 10 laborers and teamsters for railroad,
$1 70; tunnelmen, $1 75, -board $4 SO per week;
German waiter and bartender for hotel, $23
and found; dishwashers. $20; kitchen hand
for country restaurant, $20 and fare paid. W.
' D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
MILKER, country. $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell & Buckman, between Sonora and Bum-
mexvllle. Tuolumne Co.; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
$1. Oakdale to Sonora, will be refunded if
men work one month. Apply - at room 4, 302
Montgomery st.
SALESMEN calling on the grocery and notion
trade to carry light side line; no competi-
tion: bis commission. J. E. TRAIEL, 235
Powell st.
150- MEN for cleanest, houses in city; "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch
House," 861; 15c to 50c night; all dally papers
in reading room.
WANTED— Good lunch man to serve lunch In
t a saloon. Apply 10* Third at.
HELP WANTED— Continued,
BARKEEPER wanted: a good single man; $30
and found. O. WEINHOLD'S Summer Resort,
corner Lombard and Lyon sts.. Presidio.
WANTED— Retail salesman; one familiar with
the grocery or crockery business; give ex-
perience and wages expected. Box 119, Call.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for our children's de-
partment. Call Sunday forenoon. Jonas Cloth-
Ing Co.. 1063-1065 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 107*4 Fifth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday at 1703
Devlsadero st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; steady.
62H Union st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 108
Fourth St.
TWO barbers wanted. 217 Fourth st. .:*};':'.
BARBER for Saturday and probably Sunday
1113 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 137%
Fifth st.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon. 164S Mission
street.
BARBER. 27 Montgomery aye.
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall cutter
wanted. Address box 116, Call.
WANT locksmith helper at 1706 Dwlght way,
Berkeley.
WANTED— A dishwasher In restaurant. 113
Turk st.
EXTRA waiter wanted for Sunday. 406 Ellis
street.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
YOUNG man with some experience in letter
cutting and die sinking; one with talent for
drawing preferred; steady employment. Ap-
ply at glass works, Seventh and Townsend.
$10 WEEK to start; young man as partner In
genteel outdoor work with horse and buggy;
must have $150. Box 403, San Rafael, Cal.
WANTED teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital; In-
door business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
BARBER wants to rent furnished barber shop
or work for reasonable wages. Address 427
Golden Gate aye.
BARBER shop and laundry for sale; bargain.
Apply STOLTZ, 830 Market st.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart st. •
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become -such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— AbIe-bodied men; age 16 to 60: sol-
diers preferred; send 10c for particulars.
CAPT. HALL, box 1160 New Orleans, La.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
- Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
TO go this week 500 pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and I'd sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— 'utter on ladles' cloaks. Address
box 262, Call office.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. brideshaw, Sec.
Get your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
; BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
I m't. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 11S4.
150 MEN to take best single room. 15c night: $1
week; "France House." 149 3d St.. and "Oak-
land House," 664 1 Howard St.; reading room,
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still j
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coaFt. Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, -"■•■ night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! HOBSON House, 417 Ke.-.rny— Rooms from 25c
to SOc; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
j Barber College. 13SV4 Eighth st.
I SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
I Lindell House, Sixth and Howard stfi.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho .use, $63% Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
! clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
1 TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 2.V a night; $1 a week.
PARTNERS WANTED.
LADY wants working partner with scmo casn.
In good paying business: security for cash
Invested. Address M. E. 8., 626V4 I st., Sac-
j ramento, Cal.
I MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a partner In fair
paying saloon; terms reasonable. Box 110,
Call office.
PARTNER wanted— A gentleman with $2000
and some experience as clerk or bookkeeper
can secure good investment on application
at Call business office.
; WANTED— Reliable partner hotel business;
must be a man of standing. Box W-186, Call,
HOUSES WANTED.
CASH buyer would like modern house of 2
flatß in Western Addition or Hayes Valley;
not to exceed $4000. Address Buyer, box 172,
Call off!.-.-. .
I -
i ROOMS "WANTED.
! 3 UNFURNISHED rooms; 2 adults; light
I housekeeping; must be cheap; business cen-
: ter. Box 118, Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
.1. C, MUTHER, 632 Market st.. pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
I WANTED at once— Large safe; will pay cash;
1 also some fixtures suitable for jewelry store.
I Call 14 Fifth st.
i LAUNCH, 25 to 30 ft., with or without engine; j
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission. i
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy ',
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland.
A FEW special bargains from <140 up.
Weber: used 6 months. j
Chlckcing; good as new.
Knabe; a bargain.
Emerson; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut case.
$6 monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. J. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes St. *
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister St. J
$125 FOR high-grade upright piano; "-". $450.
543 Chenery st.; San Mateo electric car".
ELEGANT upright Stelnway for sale; reason-
able. 32^ Larkin st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments. $3 "5 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
R A. WANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
• storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. ■ '-,■;. :<:-:■
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hnllett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new 'scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLF.R, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
\ pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
PERSONALS^
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world; imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, NW. cor, 4th and Howard, agents.
BEST Lunch in town, 75c, at the Pup lidtlfi-
serie. j2-ll Stockton st.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
st., near Twenty rifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
LADY wishes good family with no children to
take boy 8 years old to board. Box 309, Call.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:.
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (one weekly); $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.);s2o (4
and ?25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st
G. LEDERER. leading nairdresser; price 25c;
switches. $1: hair rolls,. 35c; Quintbnica Hair
Tonic, 3.'c; Foamo Shampoo, sc. 123 Stockton.
G. LEDERER has the most artistic hairdress-
ers on the coast; imports the latest Parisian
coiffures and still charges but 25c; longest
hair rolls. 35c. 123 Stockton st.
MASON, 16-18, The New Perinl Restaurant—-
French or American dinner, 50c; lunch, 25c;
private rooms for ladles.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Haight.
RELIABLE legal advice free; any case civil
or criminal, bankruptcy, divorces, collection,
etc; open evenings. Address or call AN-
CHOR. 653 Clay st.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Putter st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission St.. near 20th
— Greatest fortune teller In the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms: also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
Bold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrist: 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MISS YON BERG, Of 228 Taylor, moved to 204
Ellis (The Clifford), rooms 49 and 50.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st, bet. 7th and Bth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. NY TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
jection Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine. Kearny.
FOLDING beds 18 50; bedim sets $S; bed loung-
es $4 HO: open ev's. L. J NKTTMANN. 121 fith.
MAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1; plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 25c. 910 Pine, st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton St.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, psychometrist and clair-
voyant; readings, 50c; letters, 50c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. US Haight St.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S; 2Jc:- sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, .has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIIt V O V ANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO,
AT 1028% MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove In-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
Bent friends, etc.
.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023 ,2 Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St., be-
tween Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power. Her
parlors are thronged by anxious people looking
for important information, and every reply Is
most gratifying; all are pleased. Without a
question she tells each caller their name and
for what they came. She gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, lawsuits, old estates, love,
courtship and marriage— evervth.ng. The un-
fortunate and troubled should seek her counsel
and start aright. Positively no attention paid
to letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to
S:3O p. m. ' •
RETURNED— Mine. Arndt, the great clairvoy-
ant, tells past and future; has never failed;
has the seven seals, the greatest Egyptian
secret of the world; shows pictures of future
husband and wife; gives lucky numbers, ad-
vice In speculations on all affairs, tips on
races; satisfaction guaranteed; prices 25c up;
daily and Sunday. 342 Third st. near Folsom.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies. 50c; gents. $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 158% sth, r. 21.
MME. AUGUST. 1160 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS A. FA U RE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st., r. 34: French and German spoken.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
Ing. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St.. room 6.«
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HATS returned; card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
■
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2."c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band'S picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. M ppr year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger.
main". 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush' St.. between Taylor and Jones.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
Bt.; 15 years' experience; references given.
LOST.
LOST— watch; No. 815,103; Initials E. P
K. Reward room 2. Pacific Mutual building! '
LOST— GoId watch. No. 96,001. Finder please
return to CALEY & ROEDER, 1 Grant aye
Liberal reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MARGARET EDNA ELIZABETH
WARD. No. 115-171. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
FOUND. ~— ~
CAME to premises at the "Bungalow " Ocean
House road, below Ingleslde, a dark chestnut
mare; black mane and tall; owner call prove
property and pay charges. '
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. offlce^nTTesidence"
1021fc. Market »t., bet. 6th and 7th. eslaenc *'
BUSINESS CHANCES.
* \LOON doing a rushing business and
elegantly fitted up; opposite the ferries build-
ing; rent $100; 3 years' lease; a splendid loca-
tion and an Al paying place. Call R. O.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
a- $2250' CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
st • established many years; doing first-class
paving business; living rooms; daily receipts.
$30- large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. 'g. WILKE, 906 Market st.
a— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
A with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average daily
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE, 906 Market st. room 6.
A-$5OO- RESTAURANT; best business location
in this city; rent $25: established years; aver-
age daily receipts $25; good prices; best class
customers. R. G. WILKE, 90« Market st.
A— s4so- DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin St.; doing a splendid pay-
ing business; rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A-$4000; MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month.
47 rooms; kitchen: good-paying bar, etc..
■new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at once; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G. WILKE. rm. 8, 906 Market.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, " with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE. rm. 8. 906 Market.
OYSTER and chop house for sale this day;
cheap. COWING, 995 Market st. __
BUTCHER shop: great bargain account sick-
ness; call at once. COWING & CO., 996 Mkt.
DELICACY store; must sell this day; great
bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
RESTAURANT; bargain this day account sick-
ness; investigate. COWING & CO.. 9."5 Mkt.
$550— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; will be required to deliver goods
and collect. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. "77 Mkt.
5550— SALOON on Market st. : bargain on ac-
count of departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st. . ■.■'-:'..
FOR sale— The choicest ever offered in country
hotel property: the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel in Ltvermore, opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage, stables and outhouses; lot
150x150; water and gas all through the hotel;
elegant barroom; furniture In splendid con-
dition: present towner for 25 years; old age
and ill health cause of sale. Apply to SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN, 328 Sansome St., or
at hotel, for further information.
$800— CORNER saloon, near Sixth and Market
sts.; private entrance,' with rooms; receipts,
$15 per day; city business. Exchange, 1032
Market st.
$500— GROCERY and bar: rent $20; 4 living
rooms; rent paid to May 23. WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & CO., 318 Clay st.
BUTCHER shop for rent. 1303 Buchanan St..
near Eddy; a snap for a llv* man-; cheap rent;
between grocery and fruit store.
$500— PARTNER in mechanical business; $18 to
$2." a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co., 9 Geary st.
FOR sale— Good paying restaurant; city front;
on account of sickness. Call 140 Fifth St.
CIGAR stand for sale. 37 Third st.
MAN to run saloon day time; must have cash
security; $40 mo. and found. 1940 Market st.
$75 BUYS good paying bakery lunch place: nice
living rooms; rent $13. Apply 1129 Mission.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per month; good
prices; low rent; must sell. 332 Bush st.
— OLD established dairy produce stand;
doing fine business; all first-class customers;
horse and wagon; rent $15. JONES & CO.,
BCS Market st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 4 revolving
chairs. Apply 119 Fourth st.
GROCERY, bar and cigar store for sale; lease
for 9 years and 8 months; rent $40; owner kept
this place for 7 years; lease expires January
1, 1909. NE. corner Geary and Leavenworth.
$125 — Partrer in coffee saloon, to take charge;
dining room or kitchen. 625. Montgomery st.
$2000— CIGAR store; day trade. Apply 227 Bat-
tery st. .': :
RESTAURANT and chophouse; north side of
Market St.; doing good business; will stand
investigation. Address box 1-;!. Call office.
$600 — old-established market; present owner
there 10 years. Box 174, Call office.
FOR sale — Carpenter shop with a well-estab-
lished trade. Apply at 609 Octavia st.
$550— GOOD-PAYING saloon; easy terms; part
cash, balance payments. Call to-day at 124 4th.
FOR sale— First-class saloon. W. A. SULLI-
VAN, 215 Sixth st.
PARTNER is wanted In a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432. Call office; investigate.
GROCERY, wood. coal, hay and feed business;
whole or separate. NE. cor. Valley & Dolores.
BUTCHER shop and fixtures cheap. 1302 Steiner
St., corner Eddy.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant and saloon;
reasonable; selling account sickness; good
location; good trade. Southeast corner Broad-
way and Front st.
AN old-estab. tailoring business; machines. 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.; doing $500 per
mo. going to Europe. John Redley. 340 Third.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St. I
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
lodging houses for sale.
16 ROOMS; FINE: corner.
new ELEGANT furniture,
cost PRICE. $800.
2fi-room corner house: clears $150 $S5O 1
24 rooms on one floor: near Call office.... 900
15 rooms; good transient trade 350
14 rooms; on O'Farrell st 330
17-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
15 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house.... 600 :
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house: clears $300; payments 3000 !
64-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call j
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp sth.
A— KREDO & CO .22>4 Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$223 — Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets, por-
tieres, etc.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full of
paying roomers.
$1500—18 rooms; very swell boarding; ele-
gant dining room.
For complete list, 6 rooms, to 600. call.
O'FARRELL. 433, bet. Taylor and Jones— lo-
-roomed; neatly furnished rooms, always oc-
cupied. Apply Landlady.
SACRAMENTO. 644— Lodging-house, 15 well-
furniFhed rooms; rent $40; no agents.
12-ROOM house for sale; all full; must be sold;
a bargain. 944 Howard st.
WANTED— Partner' ln 2 good rooming houses;
no tritiers. Apply 641 Mission st.
FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms: bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331% Bush st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat, in good order
cheap. 517 Franklin st. '
NEW furniture for sale of 4 rooms and bath-
a snap on rent. 527 Post st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50, with No
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.'
FOR SALE— -MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Me
. IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
NEW 58 Majestic range, with steam heater
and steam cooker: suitable for 250 people
Apply steamer "Queen of the Yukon," Web-
ster-st. bridge, Oakland Creek.
BARS.' back barn, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-W23 Mission st.
above Sixth.
A SOLID gold stop watch, cost at Tiffany's,
New V»rk. -$200; only $S6, at UNCLE HAR-
RIS . 15 Grant aye.
$20— CAUSE departure; nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; cost $55. 704 Pine st.
ONE camping wagon: also one 6 can milk wa-
gon; stiff pole. 2727 Mission st.
, RESTAURANT for sale cheap; will board out
half. 1631 Market st.. MRS GREER.
FOR sale— Desirable lot In Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Box 182. Call office.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
for sale cheap at 42 Main st.
BARGAIN— 11. P. Golden Gate gas engine. 1
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
BITE'S, 516 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beaie st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, gold and exchanged. 1063 Mlsstcn st.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 619 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St.
GASOLINE engines— 1 horsepower. $100; 1, $125;
3. $150; $4, $176. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE, 138; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargain" In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents Th* Weekly Call,
is pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $.1 per year.
MONEY TO IiOAW.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
' moval, or any other good security; payabla
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69, Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abova
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1K44.
ANY amount by private party on -'urniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powi
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save lnter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money_ see H. MURPHY. JBO Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no cwn-
rnlsstr.n: private LICK. 11« McAllister st.
MOV B V \Y \ \TED.
$1500 WANTED l year on Indorsed on Joint
note with party worth $100,000; will pay good
Interest. I.ox 12n, Call offl.-e,
FINANCIAL,
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery Ft.
I MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels. etc. Harper & Krciger.3l2 Examiner big.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, (lern-.an Expert < 'ptician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Vi Market st., S. F.; examina-
tlon free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or d -
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a hon ition free n-
fldentlal; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 810 Ed
l>et. Hyde and Larkin: office hours, 10 to 12. 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. B Intment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities ifrom what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guarant 1
at any time when others have tailed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office.
$5 home in confinement; skillful medical .it-
tentlon; all can save urn.- and expene D c
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS DR WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, in to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical
science for female troubles, from w!
caused, which savas gr»at trouble and misery;
every woman her own physician, alwaj
at any time, no matter how long standing;
travelers helped at once; absolutely
cure, $5; always restores in on- day ai
vents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The w.-11-known, celebrated specialist
and ladles' physician, practiced for 37 years,
DR. POI'PER, 318 Kearny st.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. I
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1 ; very strong, $2.
A TREATMKXT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularitif s from whatever
cause; positively nn instruments used; guar-
ed cure at office. $5; tr I in-
stantly: consultation free and eonfld'
rt and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. t
m and Tayl urs. 9 to 5 and 7
m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G \V. O'PONNELL, world-ren
fi male specialist, relieves monthly Irreg
ties, from whatever < ;uis.-. Dr O Donnell has
treated successfully m ( irregulari-
ties than any . ;h--r physicl
cure; consult him first, save time and i
treatment can be used at l !
free. Call or write V'-2A-^ Market st.
' AILMENTS peculiar to
latest methods; strict
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $l; cure,
$6. 1382 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
aye.— Private hr>me in confinement, with
comfort; best care and attention: terms
crate: regular physician In '.ten
sultation free; infants adonted into
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-7W Clay St., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties beins
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to I
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Sepuro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & I
st.: {1 T.ft. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S- French pills, a boon to ladies with
female tro .inger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD HI!".-. Coast Agents Oakland, Cal.
MASSAGE given by nurse. ROGERS, 1520
ry St Hours. 9to 6.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540VJ Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, Ills Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money hack;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
fases of the human Inwly. 11". Mason st.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spn , 927 Market st.
Painless extraction j . inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled oi
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new '
plates; cannot be detected from the i
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubier; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our spi I H plates
from $5; crowns, :>3 50; lillings 50c; arl work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL fLI NIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions >'f.r.<' pain
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$:i iO up: plates, extractions free. $4
fice houi-p. ;< a. m. to l" p. m.; Sunda]
p. in. C. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farreii -
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his m
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
riii>l"-r or flexible plati elved 9 first
prizes; no students, guaranteed 12 years.
VAX VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Mai
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth with
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, s Mason st.. corner M
DR. LUDLUM HILL. U4?. Market st . near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
ialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1842 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless ex;-
guiirantd N. V. I'eiii-.- ' U r. fith.
EDI I VI'IONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil . i I mTnlngT~as^
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
enftogy, surveying, math,, cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSINESS Bookkeeping, business practice,
fh rthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free
HEALDJg BUSINESS COLLEGE. W Post st!
AYRES" Business Colic-,.. ;:>:! Market s7~;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc: Ufa
scholarship, toO; low ratea per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANT? and reporters as teachers-
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates- day
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1?7.; Mark.
ENG I NEERI N' ; 5.i,,,,,|~ c i v it, electrical mln-
ing. mech. survey, assay, archi : day & eve ;
est 1864 Van DER NAILLEN, $33 Market.
BOOKKEEPINO; the only p
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
Phort time. TARR. 572 Parrott bulldli
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin pt.. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, s. p., and »ofl '
way, Oakland; day and night: 'correspondence.
ATTOHMIVS Al LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building: no adranci
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachment?, bankruptcy, all cases: wills, con-
tracts, etc . drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; pr'.vte;
no fee without success; collections. G \V.
HOWE, atty at law, 880 Market, cor. Stocktn.
1., s. CLARK Emma Spreckels building. 921
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market »UHOI BBS TO LET.
POST, 762, near Lvenworth— l(j-
-room dwelling for private family. A, M.
Si-KCK & CO., 667 Market st.
THE handsome residence. .4 Grove st., be-
tween Webster and Flllmore, is now tor rent.
CORNER house. 7 room and bath. Twenty-sec-
ond and Kartlett sts.; rent cheap.
MINNA, 521. In rear, bet. 6th arid 7th— s-room
house; $10 r.x>. Apply 1021 Mission, nr. 6ih.
MINNA. 343. between Fourth and Fifth— 6-room
house; repapered and painted.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery Ht. _^^
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET. ,
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises. 888 Guerrero st.
J ROOMS and bath: well furnished: to rent for
3 month? only; rent HZ 50. Call 2612 California.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; 407 Laurel st"
Presidio Heights; rent reasonable. MADISON
&: HI RKE.
ERIE, 155, 119, bet. 13lh and 14th, near Folsxm—
Rent reasonable; sunny 5 and 4 rooms Ap-
ply on premises or MADISON v- BURKE.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms. 1G26 Dovisa-
dero ;=t., near Sutter,
FOLSOM, 5326— Cottage, 7 rooms, bath: lar
yard; rent $20.
TO It -1429 Pine st.; Swiss cottage, 7 rooms
ami bath; lame yard; rent $25.
A ROOMS and bath. 4 Metcalfe place, bet. Ma-
i"n and Taylor, oft Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant lower 7-room flat; sunny Bide; bath;
laundry. Key 71SA BuFh st.; Bto2 p. m.
CLAYTON, 572, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 6 rooms; bath; cheap.
CASTRO, 455, near 17th and Market— New mod-
ern sunny double upper flat; stable; cheap.
AN elegant, brand-new cor., Hat, 6 and "ooms;
cheap. PE. cor. Golden Gate aye. and Lyon.
ELEVENTH; 120— I nny flat, I nicely fur-
nished rooms; modern conveniences; landlord
going away for summer; must have secur-
ity; rent J2O.
FIFTEENTH aye., 1539, Smith San Francisco—
Newly renovated flats of 4. 5 rooms; rent $8.
FOLSOM, 870, near Fifth— Complete sunny
housekeeping rooms; double or single; rent
cheap.
GEARY, 2257— Handsomely furnished flat, 6
rooms; bath; piano; sunny; modern; reason-
able.
HAVES. SS74. near Flllm.ire— Nice clean sunny
flat. 3 rooms and bath; $;».
HYDE. 512— Parlor floor. 4 rooms; rent $23 50.
Apply to owner on premises* |
KEARNYTssiTnear Pine — Furnished rooms, j
suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 613— Floor of 4 connecting neat sunny
housekeeping rooms. ,
LEAVENWORTH. 1-1 ». near California— Flat
of 3 larfie sunny rooms; entire floor.
LOVELY. i 6-room flat; sun all day; Bush Ter-
raoc. Key 71SA Bush St.
LOWER Oat, 1 rooms, bath; large yard; rent
Sl2. :!C'7."i Twenty fourth St., near Folsom.
MARKET Io2S— Laree eunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet: $12; - unfur.. $5.
MISSION; 839-^-Large sunny rooms complete for
I , usekeeping. ?'- a week.
MISSION, l"'-' 1 ; near 13th— 2 sunny furnished
. r.: -ttinir !'."u:-ekeeping ■ rooms; bath; laun-
i'.ry: stove; iS.
MODERN lower flat, 3316 "Sacramento st. ; 6
r oms ami bath; must be rented. MADISON
,v BURKE.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms; sunny. 3SOS Seven-
teenth St., near Sanchez. ■
OAK, 117—2 sunny furnished complete house-
keeplng rooms. $12; also 1 room $s and 1 Jo.
OCTAVIA; 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, $S. with kitchen; gas stove; $12.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
prinu-d list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SACRAMENTO. ]3iJl— 3 rooms separate en-
trance; r»-nt $12 3,' J.
SIXTH. 34— Nicely furnished sunny' suite;
complete for housekeeping: $3 50 per week.
BUNNY r,-room fiat. $13; healthiest part of
town. 3 Pin'- plai-e, off Pine M.. ne;ir Mason.
TO let— S4 Austin st.: good location; few sunny
f.ats of 4 rooms each: rents $10.
VV.'ENTY-THIRD, 4. 7". near Castro— Upper
tunny 5 rooms; $15.
C? 7 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rocms- $17.
$35— MODERN, almost new. flat of 8 rooms,
lath, attic and basement. 142s Green St., near
Van Ness; now being vacated.
$21— UPPER 5-room flat, O'F&rrell St., near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
j, JO-^UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
!.m<len aye.. near Laguna and Hayes ets.
4 ROOMS; modern Improvements; fine marine
view; cheap rent to small family. 1133 Green.
$;";— NEW 8-room corner flat. Twentieth St.,
near Castro. '
Si:--4-ROOM flat. 1413 Guerrero St., bet Twen-
ty-sixth and Army.
$12— THREE sunny rooms; large yard. 214^
Eleventh Bt.
$I*.— MODERN sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath.
2<;>i4 Twenty-second St., near Bryant.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AN unfurnished flat of 3 rooms, Ist floor; ;
range; yard; or a large room with dressing i
room: hot and cold water; finest part of
Hatght st. Box 442. Call office.
$15—3 ROOMS, complete far housekeeping; nice j
home; lovely lower garden: would take
charge of Invalid. Address M. M. NURSE,
Station C, PoEtofflce, city.
CLAY. 1723, near Van Ness aye.— 3 rooms for
housekeeping, partly furnished or unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA, 707, corner Eighth— Sunny
housekeeping room; bath and laundry; $7.
EDDY. Sfi", — Large front furnished housekeep-
ing room; private family; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 917— Fine tunny housekeeping rooms;
splendid location; large garden; no children.
ELLIS, 70! — or 3 finely furnished rooms; com-
plete for hskpg.; all conveniences; adults.
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 clean sunny con-
venient rooms; garden; rent $13.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; stove; closet; bath; pri. ; $10.
FIRST 28—2 front furnished rooms and kitchen,
suitable for light housekeeping. $12 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye. 1410— Finely furnished
floor; every convenience; sun; bath; yard.
GROVE, 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg. rms.; renovated; Incandescent lights.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Desirable
funny housekeeping rooms for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rcoms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent very reasonable.
HOWARD, 1324— Funny back rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
831 KEARNY. near Pine — Furnished rooms
suitable lor housekeeping. _^_
LARK IN, 326—2 or 3 gunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range: bath.
MARKET 1028, opp. Fifth— sunny front
room and kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MARKET, l"23't— Double parlors; piano; no
children; $13. ;
MARKET, 1724—2 large complete housekeeping
rooms to neat couple: private family^
MINNA, 2S— Two gunny furnished front house-
keeping rooms; very cheap.
MINNA. 546, near Sixth— Furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA, ESI Large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent very cheap.
MINNA, f.SO— A large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping: rent reasonable. ■''■ ■ - -'
MISSION, 1143 — Partly furnished, from $2 to $4
month. Call 8 to 12 a. m. only.
NATOMA, 645—2 large funny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping, $11; upstairs.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite of rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
OCTAVIA, 309— Nice sunny furnished floor of 3
rooms and kitchen; bath, gas, yard; reasonbl.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
POWELL, MS* near Sacramento— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms; complete; bath; reas.
POWELL, 1401 — Large sunny bay-window
room, with or without kitchen; single.
BHOTWELL, 121— Very large sunny furnished
room, 2 large closets and bath, light house-
keeping, $5; Runny furnished front room,
large closet, bath, rent $3 50.
SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; rent reasonable^
KIXTH, — Bunny housekeeping rooms, run-
ning water; also beautiful front rooms; reas.
SIXTH. Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite; bath; quiet house.
STEVENSON, 642. between Seventh and Eighth
—2 furnished sunny front rooms; light house-
keeping If desired; bath; central.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
STOCKTON. 1807 Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TENTH, 136, near Mission— Front sunny house-
keeping rooms: also single.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367/ nr. Mlssion-2 large
front furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms; running water; $10.
VAN NESS aye., 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
ZOE, 31. near Third and Bryant— Furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap. - >**■■■:;
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sis.— j
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. £0c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 421, nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up. .
BUSH. 616, near Powell— Sunny suite, use of
kitchen; also Bint rooms.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant room, running water,
bath, best in city. $10.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; • prices reasonable.
EDDY, 207, nr. Taylor— Nice large well fur-
nished front room; Ist Door; also others; reas.
ELLIS. 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city. j
ELLIS, 697, nr. Hyde— Suite of front rooms for
light housekeeping, $23; also 2 single. $6, $7.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny; bay-window-
mantel; gas; also room, folding bed. $10. ~"'
ELI. IS. 720— Nicely furnished, sunny rooms,
double" or single; reasonable.
FULTON, 16, near Neatly furnished sin-
gle rooms; $4 ud. ;
GEARY, 14A, opposite Call building— Single
room; running water; $1 50 per week.
GEARY. 556— Sunny front and back parlor; first
floor; piano; phone; others for light housekpg.
GLEN PARK. 30, bet. Mission and Howard,
off Twelfth— Most attractive avenue In city;
sunny front room.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 402—3 sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfur.; range; gas; water; cheap.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 109. 1 block from City Hall Bay-
window double front room; $S and $10.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select lamlly
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under,
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
pintle rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HYDE, 111S— Furnished rooms; with or without
board.
JESSIE, 1314—3 sunny rooms: yard; rent $8.
■ j
; JONES, 117— Single sunny front room; {8.
I KEARNY, 209. 823 — Newly turn, sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
LARK IX. 804 — Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, $4.
LEAVENWORTH. 109 — 2 sunny furnished
rooms; double and single; reasonable.
MISSION, £39— Furnished rooms, $1 a week up.
NATOMA, 2>2Vs. near Fourth— unfurnished
rooms; 2 closets.
NINETEENTH. 4059, near Castro— 4 unfur-
nished connecting rooms; bay window;, bed.
LRELL, 271 — Elegant modern Bunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able.
■:RELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
OAK. 183 — Large furnished fr-nt room for 1 or |
2: gas: bath; private family; cheap.
POWELL, 17, Ellis and Market cars— 2 prettily
furn. front rn-.s connected or single; cheap.
POWELL! 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent !
light; reading room, smoking room and i
ladles* parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50; I
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on !
office floor; rooms with hot, cold ■.vat ; baths.
SECOND. 62A— Nice4y furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites: also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny front furnished room;
$4 60.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., |
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 159 — Furnished sunny •■ ims;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
TaYLOR, 129. bet. Turk and Eddy— Cleanly
furnished rooms; also others for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 3, near First— Four nice sunny
rooms; near 3 lines of cars; rent low.
TURK, 424, and 102 Taylor— Desirable sunny
rooms; also 1 corner bay-window room for 2.
Hoarding and rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 807. "The Blngham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
FRANKLIN, lf-l?— Private family: large sunny
1 room, with board; quiet home; reasonable.
i HILL. 12Mi— Large sunny front bay-window
room; also i others; board reasonable; private.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL, 824— Elegant large furnished j
rooms and suite, with or without board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished '
suites and single rooms; excellent board.
SUTTER. Lovaly home: sunny rooms:
overlooking garden: home rooking.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dlntng-room and restau-
rant, 44-SS-6S Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee an.i Ice
rrenrr parlor 1035 Market pnpulsr prle»«. '
CHILDKU BOARDED.
GOOD home for children. $8; Infants. $10 per
mo. t\Q Lexington live., near Nineteenth «t.
STORES TO L^T.
GEARY, 417, near Mason— Half of store to let.
Inquire at candy store.
i TO let or lease, as a whole or In part, store i
building f.OxM, with concrete basement 50x
72; Halght, near Flllmore. Inquire MS Fell.
TO let— Barber shop and dwelling; last party
just left for the East; rent low. Apply at
1555 Fifteenth st.
STORE. Twentyrsecond and Castro; new build-
ing; fixtures for groceries and saloon. Key
at 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery, notions; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2548 ',
Fnlsom st.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates; also furnished apartments.
POWELL. 143— Furnished office; good loca-
tion: occupied by doctor for 7 years.
horses!
FOR sale— head of mares and geldings;
broke and unbroke; 4 to 8 years old; weigh- i
ing from 1100 to 15f,0 pounds; Belgian KtOCk;
solid collars. At the Canty Ranch, Gray-
son. Cal. f
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons., buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer!.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE A
MEN DENHALL'S yale yard. 1732 Market at. j
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hand-made buggy for sale cheap. 814
Mission st. • '
3-SEATED carriage for family or country ho- !
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130,4 Howard. ;
FINE laundry, bakers", milk wagons; 3 bug- |
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison. ;
100 SETS second-hand harness; .wagons, ' carts, j
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fols6m «t ,
. STORAGE].
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop., ;
722 Mission; goods guaranteed! lei. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel Black 311.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call, i
.16 page*, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per tar. j
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
POINT RICHMOND. "
25 acres adjoining depot site of Valley rail-
road: water front of 1000 feet at a bargain.
Alta Punta Tract, San Pablo aye.. 2 miles
north of Berkeley; valley land; In acreage or
lots; terms to suit; send for map.
Van Ness aye., northeast corner; 45x125;
choice property; look at it.
O. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
$350— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6. level, fenced- 1
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell st., rooms 1 and 2.
$295-25x100; Nebraska st., bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth; $30 cash, balance $8 per
month.
2 LOTS on Twenty-second St., near York; 25x
100 each; $2850. PHILBRICK, SO9 Shotwell st.
i TWO flats, Twenty-first st., bet. Folsom and
Harrison; lot 25x100; also adjoining lot 25x
100; all for $5600. PHILBRICK. 808 Shotwell.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send blda to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$500—75x100; HOUSE. 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
_ ma. C. C. FISHER, 624 Market St.
I $100 CASH, $25 mo. ; $1900-$2400; 4-6 rm. cottages;
H- block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or 118 A 11th.
COUNTKI Iti.Al. LSSTATIfIJ
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-9S addiess THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., S. F.
' FOR rent or sale— Roadside house; 2 acres land,
stock, furniture and fixtures; Mioslon road,
bet. Six and Seven Mile House. C. C. FISH-
ER, 624 Market st.. room 3.
1 FOR sale— Lovely home, 15 miles from Oak-
land, of 14 acres: 6 In orchard; 2 In vineyard;
■ good well and windmill; house of 6 rooms and
bath and other outbuildings; very cheap at
$2SOO. Address MRS. M. E. DALY. Walnut
Creek. Contra Costa County.
FARM for sale 7s acres good valley land; 13
acres timber and pasture; good buildings;
spring water at house; 4 miles south of St.
Helena, v.i miles west of Rutherford; will
sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK. St. Helena P. O.
WANTED— For cash: ranches from 2 to 1000
acres. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CASH, about $3800, will pay for house and lot,
. 6or 7 rooms. W., box 267, Call # office.
FRUIT, grain and : lock farms.
W. p. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
Iss TO $30 an acre: list free: crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood,' Shasta County, a i.
'• A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
: WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
I send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel.. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
i J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 828; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTO.VS 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Can Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. • . ; ;~ :•,'-
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! — GOOD country hotel in Alain County;
pays well and good reason for Belling; a
i genuine bargain; terms half cash and balance
7 per cent interest; 6 daily trains. ALDEN
CO.. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
UOKSI - TO EXCHANGE.
SOUND horse, E years old. suitable for dairy;
worth $40; will trade for 4 young heifer
; calves. C. F., Call office. Oakland.
— ■
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
■ MODERN house S rooms; sunny: ni^e ,loca-
tlom furnished; good condition. 769 : ith st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$. 00 — LOT 50x100; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; With handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200 — 43x135; fine new medern 2-story ■■
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station: $500 cash and
enly $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per- month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1423 Park St.. Alameda. -
HOUSE. 6 rooms and bath; street work
and sidewalk; $200 cash, $20 per month. J.
H. YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park st.
AJ/AMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. ' iNKE. 1418 Sth at.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
- , j
$1700— this; parties leaving town: five (5)
.room cottage, all furnished, including piano;
lot 40x100; house and lot cost $2500.
W. C. MORAN,
Lorln, Cal.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad pauses the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
WANTED— To rent, comfortable cottage; lo-
cated east of Shattuck aye., bet. Berryman
and Dwight way stations. Address 8820 Bush
St., San Francisco.
i , — ,
$4100 — FOR sale; In Berkeley; central business
property now paying 10 per cent: will a.'ways
Improve. Address P. O. box 8. Lorln.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots; !
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for sale or exchange: all !
new and modern; polished floors; a big bar-
gain. Call or address 2137 Dwlght way.
LEGAL notices.
"~~~" ~~
NOTICE.'"
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is i
hereby given that on the 17th day of April.
1899, the Bakerslleld and Los Angeles Hail- |
way Company filed Its application In writing
■ In the office of ■ the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran- |
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of !
the stockholders of Bald company on the 13th '
day of April. 1899, culled for the purpose of
passing upon the question, It was resolved to i
nave a voluntary dissolution of the corpora- !
tion, and that such resolution was passed by |
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and '
that all -the claims and demands against the !
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip- |
tion, have been fully paid and? discharged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the tiling of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as j
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper !
published In the City and County of Ban
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to !
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in 'my office, on or before !
the 22d day of May, 1899, any and all objeo- i
tions which they may have to the granting of ;
eald petition.
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M.THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, Ban Francisco.
April 14. 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved. September 15, 1880, '
also in accordance with an act of the Stato
Legislature, Approved. March 16. 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
A Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St.. on MONDAY, May 18. 1898. at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Cleric of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting or I
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives, i
etc.; also n lot of trunks, valises, clothing, •
etc.. property, of deceased persons received '
from the Coroner of this city . and county.
Open for inspection on morning of Kale. . j
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
1
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS. •; ...
For Hospital and Almshouse.
OFFICE OF IHE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25. 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2630
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
| ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors, on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for fur-
nishing subsistence to the patients and
employes in and supplies for the City and
County Hospital ; and Almshouse from
July 1. 1899, to June 30, 1900, the estimated
yearly amounts being as follows:
lEstimat'd) Denom.
Articles Required. ( Quantity [
: i Required.) Per.
CLASS 1. ~
BEEF YEARLY.
Beef — Fresh, first
quality American
steer, in not less
than one-half car-
casses, . consisting
of fore and hind
quarters, to be de-
livered in such
quantities and at
such times for the
! Hospital and Aims-
house as required
three days in each
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 lbs 310,000 lbs Pertb
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
Mutton— Fresh, first
quality wether, in
not less than
' whole carcasses, to
be delivered in such
quantities and at (
j such times for the
Hospital and Alms-
house as required
three days in each "' •'
week; estimated
amount per day,
1000 lbs 112,500 lbs Perlb
CLASS 3.
FISH. YEARLY.
Fish— Fresh, cleaned
1 and scaled, best in
market, and in such
varieties as may be
ordered, Sain. on, l
Sea Bass, Herring
or Smelt in season! 48,100 lbs Per tb
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil— degrees
test 2,040 ga1s Per gal
CLASS 5.
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Flour— Wheat, Cali-
fornia, Best Roller 420.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 6.
■■ COFFEE, YEARLY.
1 Coffee — Guatemala
fresh roasted, first
quality 18,000 lbs . Per
CLASS 7.
VEGETA I'.LES.
YEARLY:
Beets— Best in mar-
ket I 2,5001bs PerlOOrbs
Beans — Small white.
No. 1, first quality. 7,250 lbs PerlOOrbs
: Cabbage — Best in
market 18,000 lbs j Per 100
■ I Carrots — Best in
■market 6,000 lbs Per 100 rbs
! Onions — Red or
While. Dry, Best (
in market t 8,000 lbs ; Per 100 lbs
Potatoes — Burbank,
Salinas or Oregon,
best in market 369,000 lbs PerlOOlbs
Turnips — Best in
market 6,000 lbs PerlOOTbs
CLASS 8.
! CORN MEAL. ETC.
YEARLY.
Corn Meal — Yellow
! or White. fresh
ground, new, best
In market 22,000 Tbs Per It)
Oat Meal — Fresh
ground, best in !
market I 28,000 Tbs Per Tb
' Cracked Wheat — 1
; Best in market I 28,000 lbs (Per Tb
Hominy — Best in
market ! 500 tbs i Per lb
CLASS 9.
TEA, SUGAR AND
SYRUP.
YEARLY.
Sugar— Extra C 33,600 lbs Pertb
Sugar — Granulated.
Best White .... I 32.500 lbs Per tb
Sugar — Powdered,
Best White 325 lbs Per lb
Syrup— Cali-
fornia Refinery 1,000 gals Per gal
I Tea — Japan, ; Dia-
mond (L) or equal-
ly as good 8,500 lbs Per Tb
CLASS 10.
PROVISIONS.
YEARLY.
Bacon— Best Califor-
nia Cured Sides 2,700 lbs Perlb
, Butter — Fresh, first ,
quality. California.. 11,700 lbs , Perlb
: Cheese— First qual-
ity. California 1.100 lbs Perlb
! Codfish— Whole, Best
California, in bales 6.500 lbs Per lb
Eggs— Fresh Califor-
nia (candled) I 16,300 doz Per doz
1.11:1 -First quality,
Best California, Su-
i gar Cured 4,200 lbs Per lb
! Lard— Califor-
nia 3,000 rbs Per lb
: Mackerel — Eastern,
No. 1, best, in kits 82 kits Per kit
CLASS H.
CK< h JERIES.
f YEARLY.
Cornstarch — Kings-
ford or Duryeas,
best quality..., 975 Tbs Per
Currants*— Zante, first
quality ' 450 lbs Perlb
Fruits — Dried, Cali-
fornia, quart.
Apples and sun-
dried Peaches 600 lbs Perlb •
Fruit— Table, Assort-
i ed, In 24 tb cans — | IS c's , Per case
Jelly— Currant, best
In market (10 dozen
1 Tb tins) 14 doz Per doz
Macaroni— No. 2 700 Ibs Per
i Mustard — Whole or
ground, first qual-
ity fresh Califor-
-1 nia 230 tbs I Per
! Pearl Barley— No. 2.. 600 tbs Perlb
Peas— Split 1,400 lbs PerTb
: Pepper — First qual-
ity, black, ground.. 850 lbs Pertb
' Pickles — California,
Assorted No. 2 40 gals Per gal
! Pie Fruits— Assorted,
best in market (2
dozen 2 tb tins In
each case) 30 c's Per case
Raisins— First qual-
ity, layers 300 lbs Per lb
' Rice-No. 2 China,
new mixed 6,000 lbs I Per 100 lbs
Sago— Best In .mar- |
ket 800 lbs • Per
I Salt— Table, Califor-
nia, first quality.... 18,500 lbs I Per 100 lbs
Salt— Rock, first qual- |
ity 9.000 lbs |P«»r 100 lbs
Sal Soda— California 17,500 lbs Per lb
I Soap — Laundry,
Brown, first qual-
ity fami1y............ 7,200 lbs Per Tb
Star c h — Wheat,
La v n dry Lump.
Kingsford or Dur-
yeas. best In mar-
ket 1,050 lbs Perlb
Tapioca— Pearl, best
in market 650 lbs Per Tb
Tobacco— Black Navy 6,500 lbs Per lb
: Tomatoes — Canned
best in market (2
dozen 2 tb tins in
I each case)... -••■••• 65 e'e Per case .
■ Vermicelli — White,
No. 2............. 300tbs Perlb
Vinegar — 30 degrees
cY B ea r s e t ng Powder-fro: Wgal s Per gal
phy, Del Monte
Raising. Pi o ncer,
! Golden Gate or
Crown (5 Tb tins),
as may be desig-
nated 10 doz Per doz
CLASS 12.
COAL.
YEARLY.
Coal — Well lngton
(Dunsmuir), ' well
screened, free from
Black and shale, per
ton Of 2240 lbs—
I For Hospital (625
tons)—
! For Almshouse (900
tons) 1.525 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated
may be seen by intending bidders at the
office of the Mayor, City Hall.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate sepa-
rately for each article enumerated, as per
denomination, of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, with the distinct un-
derstanding that the lowest bid for each
article required for each class will be
i accepted, and that in every instance 10
bid except from a merchant who is a
. regular dealer in the articles enumerated
i will be received; also that the Beef and
Mutton must be delivered at the institu-
I tion named by the party or parties to ■
I whom the contract may be awarded, at j
PROPOSALS— Continued.
such time and in such quantities as re-
quired; that the Coal for the Hospital if
to be delivered at that institution, and :
that for the Almshouse to be taken from i
the coal yard of the successful bidder, or
from the wharf, in such quantities as
may be ordered from time to time; also,
that the other supplies must be delivered
at the place of business of the party to
whom the respective contracts may be
awarded, upon requisitions (indorsed by
the Chairman of the Hospital Committee)
of the Superintendent Physician of the
City and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the Almshouse, at such
times and in such quantities as may ba
required, from July 1, 1899, to June 30. <
1900, in more or less quantities than
designated on the schedule, without extra
charge from the. price bid. The term
more or less not being limited to the
amount designated, but is for such
amount as may be required during the
year. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express stipulation that the Superin-
tendent Physician of the City and County j
Hospital and the Superintendent of tne I
Almshouse, by and with the consent of
the Committee on Hospital Shall have the
power to purchase any or all of the su->- \
plies required at the market ratee, if not j
furnished of the kind and quality as i
shown by samples, at the expense of the ;
party to whom any contract may be \
awarded to furnish the same, if upon
the requisition of the officers named the
party fails to furnish the quantity or
quality of the supplies designated, which,
under contract, he may be required to
furnish. Also, bidders will estimate under
the express understanding and agree-
ment that under no consideration will
the Board recognize or allow any assign-
ment of any contract or allow the sup-
plies Included in any contract to be fur-
nished from any other person than the
person to whom the contract Is awarded,
either under an assignment or other in- j
strurnent, unless the consent of the
Board is first obtained through a Resolu-
tion duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting ana
agreeing to the same. The quality of the
articles called for, where not designated,
to be of the best quality, and all supplies
furnished for the Hospital and Aims-
house respectively, to be subject to the
approval of the Superintendent Physician
of the City and County Hospital, and the
Superintendent of the Almshouse, whose
decision shall be final and conclusive as
to the reception or rejection of any and
all of the supplies offered. The Beef -nd
Mutton furnished the Hospital and Aims-
house to be weighed at the time of de-
livery at those institutions; and all other j
supplies furnished to be inspected and I
weighed at such times and places as may j
be designated by said Committee on Hos- i
pital. The party taking a contract will j
be required to give a bund in a sum not
to exceed five thousand ($5000) dollars,
with two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said commfttee. for its faithful per-
formance. Proposals to be indorsed
"Supplies in Class 1, Class 2." etc., as
the case may be, for public institutions.
The party to whom the contract .is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE.
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SU-
PERVISORS. All food supplies shall be
submitted for inspection by the person,
firm or corporation so furnishing try
same at one of the nubile food stations
established by the Board of Health of
I this city next to the municipal institution
! to be furnished with .-uch food supplies,
| arid the character and quantity and the
i quality of such food supplies shall be
then and there first 'nspected, and said
■ board shall make report of such Inspec-
I tion forthwith to the Board of Supervis-
j ors.
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may be awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of such contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising this notice in three j
daily newspapers, and each successful bid- j
der to also pay the cost of the publication
in the official newspaper of the Resolution ;
awarding him his contract. Each class j
awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
on of the entire 'jost, and each arti-
cle awarded, where there are more than
one in any class, to be charged with its
pro rata of the amount as designated for
each class.
In order to preserve .niformity and to
facilitate the award h> Board has re-
solved to receive no bid unless made upon
blank forms prepared y the committee,
and a certified chick on some bank In the
City and County of San Francisco in the]
sum of five hundred tssoo)i dollars, in fa-
vor of and made payable to the Clerk of !
the Board, must be deposited by the bid- i
der with his bid, conditioned if the pro-
posal is accepted and vhe contract award-
ed; and if the bidder shall fail or neglect ;
to pay the printing charges, execute the !
contract and give the bund required with-
in six days after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserve! the right to reject
all bids if the public sjood so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for IS9S.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE i
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, l*:>'.'.
in accordance with Resolution No. 2026
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived In open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year 1898,
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly
distributed on a business day, at least
once in each week, for three successive
weeks, in a pamphlet form as a supple-
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, published in the city and
county of San Francisco, in the
English language, and said supple-
ment must be Pent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every
number of the paper issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mail or otherwise
The first issued to be so distributed on or
before the first day of June. 1399 and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and in all
respects conform io the provisions of the !
Political Code and to be done under the >
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said !
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not lees than one thou- I
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any j
demand on the Treasury therefor will I
be approved. Within one week after the
first publication of said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collector's office within two
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the exe-
cution of the said contract of witnessing
the same ami giving instructions relative
thereto, either personally or through his '
chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
nate.
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must be hrst read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted In slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or his
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or
alterations are made by said Tax Collec-
tor, or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor-
rected revise must be presented to and i
approved by him -prior to the form being !
struck off, and as the work progresses
when a form is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided, and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Printing and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and distributing the Delinquent
Tax List for the year 1898, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
in strict conformity to and with these
specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in United States gold
coin, when satisfactory evidence Is fur-
nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the said contract has
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
complished in conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum 31 rot less than ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars, and with as '<
many sureties as the Committee on Prin<- \
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super- !
visors may elect to require for the faith-
fail execution of said contract mu3t be
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct '
understanding that the Supplemental De- [
PROPOSALS-Continued.
linquent Ta^TTlstr^f~^nyT~shan be pub-
lished for not less ihan one week, and
that the price to be paid for each assess-
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent
Tax List shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices,
remarks and explanatory matter will be
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter in said list. Said
extra matter and pro rata to be com- .
puted by an expert to oe appointed by the
said Committee on P>inting and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must übstantially con-
form to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing
and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the dally newspaper
published in said City and County in
which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— The price to be charged for .
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or uoll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, nrlor to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
nclent bonds in the aum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for the faithful per-
tormance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
jNO._A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For Burial of Indigent Dead.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco. April 25, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2628
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Super-
visors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
the interment of such of the indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the
charge of the City and County of San
hrancisco. Including the City and County
Smallpox Hospital, for thp term of one
year, beginning July 1, 1899, and ending
June 30, 1900, in such cemetery or ceme-
teries in San Mateo County wherein
burials may be allowed.
NOTICE.— The coffins to be made of
tlirf-{'-f|uarter-inch surface redwood clear
lumber, to be lined with muslin and pil-
lowed inside, and to be shellacked and
varnished outside, and the tops to be
fastened down with not less han six
(screws. In all cases where persons have
died from smallpox or other contagious
diseases the coffin shall be lined with No
10 zinc instead of with muslin, and her-
metically sealed, and all coffins used
must be subject to the inspection and ap-
proval of the officer in charge of the in-
stitution from which the body of tne
decedent is to be buried, and must In all
eases be taken to such institution for the
purpoße of having the deceased placed
therein.
No hid will be considered from any par-
ty who has not been engaged In tlie un-
dertaking business in this City and Coun-
ty and conducted said business in a rep-
utable manner for a period of at least six
months immediately preceding the date
hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth
of at least six feet.
No body to be removed from the insti-
tution where it lies awaiting 1 burial with-
in a period of twenty-four hours after
death, except by express order of the
Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution.
The contractor will be required in all
cases on the death of the indigent person
from infectious disease to inter the body
of said decedent within such time as may-
be designated by notice from the Superin-
tendent or officer in charge of the institu-
tion where the death may have occurred,
and in all other cases within thirty-six
hours after notification by the proper of-
ficer.
The contractor will further be required
to convey the bodies of decedents com-
mitted to his charge- for interment direct
from the institution from which he re-
ceives the same to the cemetery, and then
and there bury the same. And will not
be permitted upon any consideration to
convey such bodies to any intermediate
reetink-place, or to keep the same in his
custody for a longer period than that re-
quired for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent "ap-
ply at >the institution where such deced-
ent may be lying awaiting burial, for per-
mission to bury the same, and prove. to
the Superintendent or officer in charge of
said institution that their purpose Is to
provide a decent burial, and that they
have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dissec-
tion, then and in that case the body of
s.ilrl deceased shall be delivered to "said
friends, who shall take charge thereof
and make the necessary arrangements for
the funeral with any undertaker they
may think fit: but in such event the con-
tractor aforesaid shall have no claim
against the city for the burial of said de-
cedent.
The party to whom the contract may
be awarded shall be required, in all cases
to procure from the Superintendent of the
cemetery wherein the burials have bet'n
made a certificate of the proper burial of
each person under the provisions of his
contract and of these specifications; and
such certificate must, in all cases, be at-
tached to the demand of said contractor
when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the
names of the decedents and the institu-
tions from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the
above conditions, the contract shall be
terminated by said City and, County.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract
to pay the cost of advertising this noti< a
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
flclal newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
All interments of indigent persons the
expenses of which must be borne by the
City and County (other than those from
any of the public institutions 1 ) must be
authorized by the Health Officer issuing
a permit therefor, and all bills for such
interments to be approved by the Health
Officer prior to being presented to this
Hoard. All demands for the burial of in-
digent persons from any of the public in-
stitutions to be approved by the Superin-
tendent of the institution at which the
death occurs, prior to being presented to
this Board.
Bidders will estimate and state a speci-
fic amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and
to facilitate the award, the Board has
resoived to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco for the sum of five hundred (JriOin
dollars, in favor of and made payable to
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid, conditioned that if the proposal is
accepted and the contract awarded and
If the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the con-
tract and firive a bond of five thousand
($5000) dollars, required within six days af
ter the award is made, then, and in that
case, the paid sum shall be collected and
paid into the City and County Treaßury
by sai<f Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public pood bo require
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for fuel— QuartermastM-'s~offlce"
Benicla Arsenal, Cal.. April 2fi, t!>99. Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will he received here
until 11 a. m. May 26. 1599. and then opened
for furnishing at Benlcia Arsenal. Cal dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 3" 1900 fuel
required there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
p.'sala or any part thereof. Prpfer^noe given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (Including In price of
foreign productions the duty therein) being
equal, and such preference given t.. artloU-s
of American production produced on Pacific
Const to extent of consumption -equired by
public service there. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for Fuel "
addressed C. H. CLARK, Q. M.
U. B. ENGINEER office. Flood building. Pan
Francjsco. Cal., April 27. 1899— Pealed pro-
posals for dredging In Humboldt Bay, Cal..
will be received here until 12 o'clock, noon
May 29. 1899. Information furnished on appll-
catlon. W. H. HEUER. Major Engineers.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pag>»s, in wrapper, for mailing, SI per year.
MAREIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Joseph Smith and Ella O'Hearn 21-21
William ('"llins and Lillie Hill 33-36
William H. Gerstenberg and Rose Deane.. 27-20
Herbert V. Edwaid? and Nellie Woodward. 26-24
Joseph Werinper and Roaa Habersproh H-40
Ernest A. H. Arenanver and Helena Hulbe. 3l-18
Albert Aubert and Louise Goughlard 32-30
BIRTHS— MAERIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
DANZ.IGER— In this city, April 26. 1899, to the
wife of Louis Danziger, a son.
LERHKE— In this city, April 20, 1899, to the
wife of Christian Lehrke, a daughter.
SIMS— In this city. April 22, 1599, to the wife
of John Sims, a son.
MARRIED.
GARDINER— CHATHAM— At the home of the
bride, April 14, IMS, by the Rev. William Ra-
der, Alex S. Gardiner and Maria E. Chat-
ham, both of San Francisco.
LA7xARUS— In this city, April 23, 1899,
by the Rev. Dr. Voorsariger, Adolph Stock
and Bella Lazarus, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bradbury, Harry W. McCarthy, Cornelius
Butts. William B. McKenzie. Mary A.
Cole. William Madden, Edward
Cullim. Ann Mendelsohn. David
Donnelly. Mary A. Ming, Alois
Fine, Constantine Mullaney. Mary
Grafe, Joseph Mailer, Henry
Gulnasso, Frederick Murphy, Joseph N.
Irving, Maria T. Neuschwander, R. Q.
Jacobs. Gus O'Hftre. Annie C.
Lasher, Lieut. O. E. Spindler. Arthur A. .
Lynch, Mary E. | Wharton, George H.
BRADBURY— In this city, April 27, 1899, Harry
W. Bradbury, beloved son of Mrs. C. F. An-
drews, brother of Mrs. C. F. Jordan, Mrs.
Linnle Getz, Walter L. Bradbury and Ruby
Andrews, and nephew of W. B. Bradbury,
a native of California, aged 21 years 4 months
and 12 days.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite* to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 272 Lexington avenue, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth streets. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUTTS— In this city. April 28, 1899. William 8.,
beloved husband of Martha Butts, a native of
Tyrone, Pa., aged 74 years 2 months and 19
days.
COLE— this city. April 28, 1899, William
Cole, beloved son of the late Mary E. Smiley,
and brother of Mrs. James H. Roxburgh and
. Tillie and Frank Smiley, a native of San,
Francisco, aged 34 years and 13 days.
CULLIM— In the City and County Hospital.
April 28, 1890, Ann Cullim, a native of Ire-
land, aged 70 years. /
DONNELLY— In this city, April 27. 1899, Mary
Anna, beloved wife of the late John F. Don-
nelly, and beloved sister of P. A. and J. H.
O'Brien, a native of Boston, Mass. A member
Of the Third Order of St. Francis. (Boston,
Mas?., papers please copy.)
E?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking- Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose cf her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FINE— In this city, April 25. 1*39, Constantine,
son of Adolph and Nellie Fine, and brother
of Alice, Martha and Annie Fine, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years and J month.
GRAFE— In this city. April 27, 1893, Joseph,
beloved husband of Oessine Grafe. and
brother-in-law of John Melerdie'rks. a native
of Westfalen. Germany, aged 48 years 10
months and 19 days. A member of San Fran-
cisco Schuetzen Verein, Germania Lodge No.
1718 K. of EL, and Hermann Stamm No. 224.
U. O. R. M.
[CTFriPn.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from California Hall,
620 Bush street. Cremation I. O. O. F. Crema-
tory- Remains at funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
GUINASSO— In this city, April 25. 1899, Fred-
erick L., dearly beloved husband of Aurelia
Guinasso, son of Mr. F. T. and the late Mrs.
Mary Guinasso, and brother of D. J. Guin-
asso, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years and 9 months.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence. *-21 Union street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church, corner
Dupont and Filbert streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery.
IRVING— this city, April 27. 1899, Maria
Terrlsa, beloved wife of James Irving, and
mother of John, Robert. George and Walter
Irving, a native of Quebec, Canada, aged 55
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20 Vicksburg street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JACOBS— In New York City, April 21, 1899. Gus
Jacobs, beloved brother of Mrs. J. Getz and
Mrs. R. Rosenfeld of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Zempelburg, Prussia, aged 5S years.
LASHER— In this city, April 28, 1899, at Lane's
Hospital, Lieutenant O. E. Lasher, U. S. N.,
a native of New Ycrk. aged 4S years.
LYNCH— In this city, April 2S. 1599, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of George F. Lynch,
and niece of John Drisooll, a native of San
Jose, 1 ':.!., aged 29 years and 1 month.
MINERVA PARLOR No. 2, N. D. G. W.—
ters: You are notified to attend the funeral
services of pur late sister, Mrs. Mary Lynch,
from 411 Natoma street, to-morrow (Sunday),
at — o'clock sharp. By order
KATE CURRAN. President.
ANNIE L. DONALDSON, secretary.
MCCARTHY— In this city, April 27. 1899, Cor-
nelius, dearly beloved husband of Catharina
McCathy, and father of Daniel J.. James J..
John J., Charles J., William H., Richard and
Thomas McCarthy, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 62 years. (Boston, Lynn and
St. Louis papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funerat services
this day (Saturday), at 1:80 o'clock, at St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth.
McKENZIE— In this city, April 28, 1599, Mary
Agnes, beloved daughter of George Lee and
Mary McKenzie, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 years 7 months and 16 days.
C^Frien'ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraL to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 946 Bryant street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN— In this city, April 28, 1899, Edward,
beloved son of Jane and the late Thomas
Madden, and brother of John, James, Thomas
and William Madden and Mrs. A. Reck, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4
months and 24 days.
SyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his Bister, Mrs. A. Reck, 14V* Decatur street,
off Bryant, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MENDELSOHN— In this city, April 23, 1*99,
David Mendelsohn, beloved brother of Mrs.
S. Cahn and Mrs. A. Newfleld, Mrs. Horowitz
of Russia and Mr. Solomon Mendelsohn of
Melbourne, Australia, a native of Mitau,
Russia, aged 68 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 cfclock. from his late resi-
dence 209 Central avenue, near Oak street.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MING— In this city. April 26, 1899. Alois Ming,
a native of Switzerland, aged 63 years 7
. months and 16 days. A member of Swiss
Mutual Benevolent Society. :
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from '.he parlors of
Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MULLANEY— In this city, April 2S, 1599. at the
Kings' Daughters' Home. Mary Mullaney,
mother of Dorenda and James Mullaney of
New York and the late Mrs. Nellie Hayes
Heffernan and Mrs. Mary Barker, a native of
Ireland, aged 71 years.
ECTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MULLER— In Emeryville, Alameda County,
April 26, 1599, Henry, dearly beloved husband
of Margarethe Muller, brother of Catharina
Klsllh, Mrs. Rebecca Meyer and Mrs. Annie
Mordhorst, and uncle of Miss Minnie Goetjen.
Letltia Annie and Albert Mordhorst. Mr.
Albert Muller. Mrs. Margarethe Eckoff. Miss
Guesina Goetjen and of the late Hattie Goet-
jen, a native of Holssel, Amt Lehe, Germany,
aged 45 years 7 months and 15 days. A mem-
ber of Germania Club and Hannoveraner
Verein.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Union-square
! Hall, 421 Post street, Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street.
MURPHY— In this city, April 27. 1899. at Si-
Mary's Hospital, Joseph N. Murphy, a na-
tive of Rhode Island, aged 39 years.
NEUSCHWANDER— In this city. April 28, 1899,
Rudolph G.. dearly beloved father of Cath-
arine Neuschwander. beloved father of Mrs.
W F. Schrader, and brother of Mrs. J. R.
Steiner of Santa Rosa, a native of Huni-
gess, Canton Berne, Switzerland, aged 62
years 2 m "His and 10 days. A member of
the San Francisco Grutli Verein.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Paulus Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner
Eddy and Gough streets, where services will
be held. Please omit flowers. <
O'HARE— In this city. April 28. 1899, Annie C,
beloved daughter of Elizabeth and the late
' Michael O'Hare, and sister of Katie and
Frank O'Hare. a native of Brooklyn, N. V..
aged 17 years 1 nth and 10 days.
SPINDLER— In this city. April 28, 1899, Arthur
A., oldest and beloved son of Amelia and
Jacob Spindler. and brother of Fred and
Julius Spindler, Mrs. F. Hlngsbergan and
Mrs. F. Stephens, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years 7 months and 23 days,
WHARTON— In Oakland. April 27, 1899, George
Henry, son of Joshua and Julia A. Wharton,
a native of Portland, Or., aged 26 years 11
months and 27 days. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan It Gallagharj,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERSt
20 Fifth at., opposit* Lincoln iacAook
Ttltphoa* South Ml,
1112
GAGE SELECTS
MEN FOR THE
HEALTH BOARD
Three of the Positions
Filled.
BURNS' PHYSICIAN CARED FOR
DRS. COFFEY, KEENEY AND BAR
BAT DRAW THE PRIZES.
The Other Appointments to Be Made
by Next Monday — Prominent
Applicants for the
Places.
Governor Gage has given the plum tree
another '.ike and throe juicy morsels
have dropped into outstretched hands.
Needless to say thai the successful reach
ers wore not hold back any by a certain
"colonol" lot unknown to the authorities
of California and Mexico and the railroad.
Word went out last night that three
members of the local Board of Health
' had been selected and that the others
I would be named by .Monday at the latest.
The three who have already been ap
pointed are Dr. Barbat, Dr. W. B. Coffey
and Dr. J. W. Kecney.
Dr. Barbat is the family physician of
,P. M. Burns, while Dr. Coffey is chief
Burgeon for the Market-street Railway
Company. Dr. Keeney is a stepson of
Police Commissioner Alvord and" is ex
amlnii physician for the Police Depart
ment.
Of the aspirants for the remaining posi
tions on the Board of Health there are
four whose prospects are conceded to be
'exceptionally bright. These are Dr. Henry
Meyer, who has been Identified with local
> politics for years and was at on* time
'- chairman of the. Republican County Com
mittee; Dr. R. W. Payne, a relative of
John I. Sabin of the telephone company;
: I>r. Winslow Anderson, who has long been
afflict d with an ambition to held office.
i and 1 'r. W. I. Terry, whose residence is
a.t the Occidental Hotel.
Politicians who are roughly convers
tint with the situation will readily under-
Ftand that these gentlemen need have no
great cause for anxiety over the outcome.
But the appointment of Drs. Barbat, ( ' if.
fey and Keenoy is settled and there need
be no further discussion around the hotel
corridors as to their chance's.
CALL IT A GOLD BRICK.
Governor Gag-e's Proposition So
Dubbed by the Labor Council.
The Pan Francisco Labor Council at
Its mooting last night unanimously adopt
ed the following resolution, which was
presented by Delegate P. H. McCarthy:
Wherpap, It has came to the notice of the
Labor Council that gambling rlens have been
op»nly conducted in the most popular districts
of the city, an.l that the same have existed
without any apparent molestation by the po
lice; and
\Vherp;is. A movement has been inaugurated
by the respectable element of our city to sup
press th<» evil; therefore, be It
Resolved. Hy the S.in Francisco Labor Coun
cil in meeting aspomblpd this 28th day of April,
thnt we protest against the continuanct of
these fumbling games, and we earnestly call
upon thf- Police <"oinmissi')ners to take an ac
tive Interest In the suppression of these per
nicious oorruj'ters of our youth, and further
urge that the Chip' of Police he rerjupsted to
continue the crusade until the gamble are
forced to quit their evil traffic, co that this
diefracp be eliminated from our shopping <iis
trlcts.
Having disposed of the gambling evil
the Council n<xt paid its attention to Gov
ernor Gage for his action regarding the
appointment of a Labor Commissioner. It
■wan stated that the Governor desired to
have the Council submit five names to
him from which he might select a Com
missioner. This was characterized ad
giving the labor element a. gold brick. It
was only a big bluff from which he could
decline to appoint any one of the names
submitted to him and which would give
him an opportunity to appoint some
heeler from the southern portion of the
State.
The Council Indignantly declined to
furnish him with any names other than
the one already sent in. He has the ad
dress of the secretary, and can communi
cate with him as he lid when he was a
candidate last year and at the time he
was looking for the labor vote.
After a lengthy discussion over the boy
cott against Siebe & Green's bill posting
concern, it was finally decided to let the
boycott stand until such time as the firm
make concessions with the union bill
posters.
The following delegates were appointed
on Labor day: W. J. Macarthur, A. Dijeu,
Ernst Keolng D Doggett, M. Monahan.
Fred Wescott, P. .1. Deitz, and by request
of the Council Secretary Ed Rosenberg
was added.
A. '.;..••• d and M Monahon were seat
ed as delegates from the Coopers' Union.
KOACHE IS ARRESTED.
J. Roache, who has been making a book
on the races In the Arcade saloon at
Fourth and Mission streets in open viola
tion of the law, wa . yesterday
and charged with vagrancy.
After reading the story in The fall of
ous violation of tl i
I Ing horse
tain Spillane instruct..! Police
rrell to arrest him.
On gi . has
' book" th( ' Fouqd
; ol broken-down sports,
isl> awaiting an opportunity to
I t cent on the "ponies."
'ii the center of the group,
lade no attempt to violate the law.
tiding that he had recognized them.
The ol Ided to arrest him for
vagrani n< was at once released on
flu.' i ■■ h bail.
POKER PLAYERS CAPTURED.
Policeman <:. O. Wollweber discos
c poker same In progress In the rear <<f a
bai ■ ■ ■■ ■ Twenty-tiith street,
rear Valencia, last night, and notified
■
station. '■ Immediately dis
patched Sergeani Monohan an.) posse to
the 3cene and they raided the place, cap
turing (iami k. ••• "r . I. B. I. yon ami W \v
Hill i
They also gain* .1 possession "f a com
plete layout of poker chlj.s. cards, mark
ers, etc. which will be used as evidence
against the law breakers. A boy of n who
was watching the game, was taken into
custody, but Captain Glllin did not book
him on accoui md his family
He gave the youngster a lecture and
pent him home.
t&IT^' 00 MArifhlv and EXPENSES
9110 iVlOilLniy GUARANTEED
$?^^ GOOD MEN and WOMEN
/^yf^\ yg^¥fsjps!fc To appoint agents and sell our celebrated $5 00 Quaker
■fin Folding Thermal Vapor Bath Cabinet. Many earn more.
m \ mmm NO CAPITAL OR EXPERIENCE REQUIRED.
HHl V^^^S Greatest Monopoly and Money-Maker Ever Offered Agents.
■VV^^, B^ffflßJ No competition. A necessity in every home.' De-
wla \\ B mand is enormous. Everybody buys. Over 400,000 in
«es» -'H^f use — 32,386 sold by agents since January Ist Ten
steif\Pi millions to be sold. OLD-ESTABLISHED FIRM
Wte WE ARE AN OLD-ESTABLISHED FIRM
feSs^i(%#;MS Perfectly reliable. Capital $100,000 00. Largest
S^^i^^^llM^cS^ < manufacturers of Bath Cabinets in the world.
_ lt fitfjGflltgt^ a , li/DITC 110 TH RAY stating age, references, terri-
Wm^Aja^^ If 111 I L UO lU"UA! Tory wanted, etc., and we will
forward full information, terms, etc. Don't delay. Send your
address anyway. THE WORLD MFG. CO., 615 World Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.
THE NEW STATE
NORMAL SCHOOL
AWAKES TO LIFE
Governor Gage Names
Trustees.
HUSTLING TO BE PRINCIPAL
THE CITY'S INSTITUTION" WILL
BE DIFFERENT.
Judge M. Cooney a Trustee — A High
Standard, a Two Years'
Course and Bright
Future.
The new State Normal School at San
Francisco, which the Legislature created |
and provided with $20,000 for two years, j
will be an entity In a day or two, when |
Its five trustees who have been appointed j
by Governor Gage are publicly announced, j
This new institution will start out in a !
small way, but it will mean much to the
educational interests of the State and |
city and promises to soon rise to great '
importance.
The appointement of the trustees and j
the organization that must be completed !
within sixty days have been the subjects
of much quiet work, worry and specula
tion In some quarters. It is known that
Judge M. Cooney, who is mainly respon
sible for the success in establishing the
school, Is one of the trustees named. Sev
eral well known gentlemen have sought
the honor. Though the appointments are
made the public announcement awaits
the Governor's pleasure.
There are three leading candidates for
the office of principal, or rather "presi
dent," as the heads of the State normal i
schools are now officially termed. Laura j
D. Fowler, who has bo long been principal
cf the city normal school, which the State
Institution supplants, would like the place
and may get it. Madison Babcock and \V
D. Kingsbury of the San Francisco
School department are hot after the
plum.
Within the limits of the general laws
regulating State normal schools the Board I
of Trustees, of which the Governor and !
Superintendent of Public Instruction are
ex-offlcio members, has quite absolute au
thority in organizing and running the
school. They may fix the length of the
course, the entrance requirements, etc.,
about as they please, regulate the number
of teachers, the salaries and so on.
It is known that what is to be done has
been pretty certainly outlined. The trus- |
tees, with their $10,000 a year, will try to
take up the city institution when it 'will
be abandoned at the end of this school
year, enlarge and improve it somewhat
and begin an evolution toward a great
institution. The Board of Education will
be asked to turn over the present prem
ises and equipment, and if it does so the i
new State Normal School will be opened |
in the old quarters on Powell street, near
Sacramento. The present Normal School,
which is yet a municipal institution,
though the expenses are paid by the
students, has 125 pupils and two teachers. I
Probably the new school will open with
two teachers. Improvements will be made
and much equipment added. If other
quarters must be had they will be rented
somewhere.
It is understood that the new quarters
will differ quite radically from the other
State normal schools at San Jose ChiCO,
Los Angeles and San Diego. It will. if the
ideas of Mr. Cooney and others are fol
lowed, as they probably will be. At the
other State normal schools the course is
four years and grammar school graduates
are admitted. The first two years are
devoted to scientific and literary studies,
so that they are practically high schools.
Pedagogy figures in the last two years.
Judge Cooney believed that the institu
tion should be purely a normal school
devoted to the training of teachers. It is
proposed to make the standard of admis
sion a graduation from a high school or
its equivalent. School studies will be sim
ply reviewed and pedagogy and practical
experience in teaching will be the main
features of the course. With the high
Ftandard for admission th.> course will
be made two years only. It Is expected
that students may spend half their time
in the city school rooms, getting practical
experience. It is proposed to turn out
teachers only and a high grade of them.
The City Normal School has been prac
tically a State one. for a large percentage
of its students have gathered from vari
ous'counties In the otate and with its
one year's course its diplomas have been
recognized in over thirty counties. It is
expected that the high standard to be
adopted and the advantages of the city,
Including its schools, will draw a large
attendance from all over the State.
In looking ahead its sponsors see a suc
cess that in two years will bring about
the building of a big edifice, an attend
ance of hundreds and adequate appropria
tions.
It was all the quick result of the clos
ing of the City Normal School by the
retrenching new board and a mustering
of its friends for State support.
DR. GALLWEY ILL.
Months of Overwork Have Finally
Brought on a Complete Syste
matic Collapse.
I >r. John Gallwejr, formerly health ofn
i . r. am] our- of the most popular and best
known physicians <>f this city, is lying
dangerously HI at his home, 1331 J^eaven
worth Btreet
])r. Gallwey's illness is, as the physi
i cinns who are attending him confidently
suit.- chiefly due to his strong devotion
to duty, ft has never mattered in the
I whole course of his professional life at
what hour the call came — If there was a
i sufferer needing attendance Dr. Gallwey
would always cheerfully leave his bed
and go to the relief of the ailing one.
Nighi after night he has gone almost
without rest simply because he deemed
ii his duty to lay self aside and go to the
of his patients. This strain finally
told upon his system. The symptoms of
a general break-down came gradually at
tirst, and the doctor tried to laugh them
down. Tired nature could not be over
ridden in this manner, and finally he was
forced to acknowledge himself sick and
take to his bed.
Ever since he has been attended by the
best physicians in the city, and they feel
quite confident of his recovery. 11 is hun
dreds of friends In and about San Fran
cisco are watching him almost as closely
.-is his devoted family, and on every hand
i hopes are expressed of a speedy recov
i <>ry-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1899.
TOWN AND PEOPLE READY
TO HONOR DEWEY DAY
The Flag That Floated Over Dewey Will Be
Spread to the Breeze in Golden Gate Park.
T"*IREPARATIONS for the celebration of Dewey day on Monday are com-
PREPARATIONS sunrise till sunset the name and deeds of the hero of
plete, and from sunrise till sunset the name and deeds or the hero of
J[ Manila will be sung and honored throughout the city. i
In the celebration at Sunset Park by the Sons of "Vermont two men
who fought with the gallant admiral— Carpenter O. H. Hilton of the Boston
and Gunner J. C Evans,' who were with Dewey on that history-making May
day— are expected to take part.
Judge Edward A. Belcher, president of the celebration committee, has
addressed the following letter to C. R. Ransom at Mare Island Navy-yard,
and It is expected his request "will be granted:
■ "*"C. R. RANSOM, Vallejo. Pal.— Sir: We shall be glad to have Carpenter O. H.
Hilton, sometime of the Boston, and Gunner J. C. Evans, sometime ofythe Boston,
both at the battle of Manila Bay, participate in the celebration of Dewey Day at Sun
pet Park. Will you please request them to report to me at the foot of Market street,
narrow gauge ferry, this city, on the morning of May 1, "Dewey Day," at about 8:30,
and I will furnish them transportation from San Francisco to the park and return to
this city, and invite them to a place on the stage during the ceremonies. Very sin
cerely yours. . • EDWARD A. BELCHER, President.
The beautiful American flag presented to the Park Commissioners by the
sailors from the United States ship Raleigh will be thrown to the. breeze on
Monday. This flag has only been used once, and then in compliment to the
men who brought it here from Manila. It is singularly appropriate to dis
play it on Dewey day, coming as it did from the men who fought under
Admiral Dewey on that memorable Ist of May a year ago. It will be dis
played near the music stand. A special programme ft appropriate music will
be rendered by the Park Band -during the afternoon.
The day will be duly observed on the -water front. All the State offices
will be closed, and the wharfingers, collectors, carpenters and sweepers will be
given a holiday. Almost every ship in port will be decorated with bunting,
and the battleship lowa will fire an Admiral's salute.
The American ship captains are going to make it a point to have their
ships decorated, and as very few of them have crews aboard, the captains
are going to sen to It themselves that the bunting is spread. The British
ship captains propose to follow suit, and as every steamer, ferry-boat, yacht
and river steamer will be flying her colors, the bay should present a strik
ing appearance.
Some pleasant correspondence has passed between President Edward A.
Belcher of the celebration committee. Major General Shafter and Captain
Henry Glass, commandant of Naval Training Station. Ye.rba Buena Island,
regarding the firing of salutes on Monday. It has finally been arranged that
a salute of seventeen guns will be fired from the United States ship Pensa
cola at 8 a. m. on Monday. At noon the land batteries will belch forth their
salute of seventeen guns in honor of the occasion.
The employes of the California Northwestern Railroad Company will pic
nic at Mirabel Park on Dewey day.
The Central Methodist Episcopal Sunday-school, Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh, will celebrate Dewey day by special exercises at the regu
lar Sunday-school session, 12:45 o'clock to-morrow. Special music has been
prepared by the choir. A patriotic address will be delivered by Rev. George
"C. Adams, D. D., pastor of the First Congregational Church. There will be
other exercises suitable to the occasion. The public is invited to be present.
A social entertainment and ball will be given by the Point Lobos Improve
ment Club at Richmond Hall on Dewey day. The following is the pro
gramme of the evening exercises:
Remarks by the chairman, D. 1... Fitzgerald; overture, Instrumental duet, James
Vincent, Miss Ella Fletcher; song, "The Quaker" (Stephen Adams), George T. Balch;
club swinging. Miss Lottie J. Graeber; song. "Waiting" (Mlllard), Miss Alice Vincent;
specialties. Master Fay Dougherty: song, tenor solo, John H. Desmond; reading, "Bil
ly's Pets," Fred L. Shaw; song. "Only a Dream" (C. Bohm), Miss Sydnia Barnard;
specialties. Miss Lottie Whitman; soprano solo. selected. Miss P. Denny; reading,
"Uncle Peter and the Trolley Car" (Neall), Miss Lottie J. Grabber; quartet. "Come
"Where My Love Lies Dreaming," Mrs. J. H. Plovers, Miss Elsie Smith, Miss Bertie
Smith, J. L. Marshall; cornet solo, I. C. Cogglns; patriotic song, "Dewey Day," writ
ten and composed for the occasion. Miss V. K. Xlppert.
The parishioners of St. Francis' Church, corner of Montgomery avenue
and Vallejo street, have determined to celebrate Dewey day with an annual
gathering and picnic at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley. As Monday will be a
legal holiday a large crowd is expected. The affair Is in charge of the
young men of the parish. A band will leave on the 9 o'clock boat. The boat
will leave the foot of Market street every half hour. The games will start
at 1:30 p. m.
IS GRATIFIED AT
SMITH'S PROMOTION
MAJOR GENERAL ANDERSON
ARRIVES FROM MANILA.
Duboce Was Given Too Much Credit
in the Engagement of February
s— Major Sime Is Praised.
Ma.inr General T. M. Anderson. V. P. V.,
who ia also brigadier general in the regu
lar arm) . arrived from Manila on the
America Maru yesterday and Is a guest at
the Palace. General Anderson received or
ders to come to San i^rancisco, and after
telegraphing his arrival to the depart
ment at Washington he will await fur
ther instructions here. It is more than
likely that he will be assigned to one of
the four departments now vacant. These
are the Departments of the Lakes, Gulf,
I'latt<* and Columbia.
General Anderson first came to this city
from Alaskn. whore he was colonel
of the Fourteenth Infantry, and he was
placed in charge of the first Philippine
expedition which left this port soon after
the outbreak of the war, and included
the First California Volunteers. In an in
terview regarding various topics last
evening. General Anderson said:
"I was very much gratified at the pro
motion of Colonel James F. Smith to bp
brigadier general. I consider that hf>
should have had it long before he did. It
should have come after the battle of Ma
nila, where Smith distinguished himsHf.
He has proven himself a good soldier and
a prudent and able adviser. He has been
intrusted with a number of important ne
gotiations, notably the reconstruction of
Negros, and has performed the.n nil with
excellent judgment. His promotion is a
deserved one.
"Regarding the Filipinos, I must say
that they are natural born fighters, with
a good deal of military spirit. All things
considered, they got up a very good or
ganization; but, fortunately, though they
had better arms than we had. they did ;
not know how to use them. They cannot
use artillery effectively either. In th».
battle of February 5 I captured seven
runa fn>m them—two Krupp and five old
fashioned muzzle-loaders.
"Agulnaldo is shrewd and unscrupulous.
He has the sympathy of the people, but
lately he has been but a mere figure-head,
because the revolutionary junta, com
posed of a set of professional revolution
ists, has taken the matter in its own
hands. The Malolos crowd determined to
achieve independence if they could and
then divide up the church property, which
is very valuable, abrogating all the old
Spanish concessions and appropriate them
to their own use.
"General Whf-aton's flying column is
performing effective work against the in
surgents. The object of the present cam
paign is to drive them from a railroad
from Manila to the northern part of the
island and force them to the hills.
"I must say that the First California is
an excellent regiment. Major Sime has
also proved himself a capable soldier. He
is quiet and unobtrusive and thoroughly
posted in military affairs. An injustice
has been done both to him and Smith
in ascribing most of the credit of the
engagement of February 5 to Duboce.
While the latter did good work, his com
mand was not as important as that of
Smith or Sime. The little that Duboce
h;ul to do h*- did very well. He was held
back in command of the reserve. Most
of it was drawn away, leaving him in
command of two companies. An attack
w;is made on them by a lot of Filipinos
from the village near by. Duboce drove
them out, but he did not take part in thr>
more severe and decisive part of the bat
tk-; mind you. through no fault .of his
own. To mention him and not the others,
however, appears to me to be an unin
tentional injustice."
BLOCKADE IN CHINATOWN.
Police Have Inaugurated a New Sys
tem Which Stops Gambling
Games.
The police und<=T Lieutenant Esnla and
Sergeant Donovan have established what
i? practically a blockade of the gambling
club? in Chinatown, and as a result all
the doors are wide open and the rooms
where once crowds of Mongolians held
their breath watching the fall of a bean
are vacant. •
The blockade was actually begun a few
days ago, and it has now become thor
ough and effective. The squad men and
uniformed police are working on a rotary
system. Two men will visit a club; about
five minutes later two more men will drop
I in, while the other two are at the far end
of the alley, and so it goes on until each
! man has visited each club or suspicious
1 place. By the time the last pair has com
| pleted the rounds the first pair is back
[again, and It Is thus almost impossible
to carry on any £nmf». Formerly it was
customary to make spasmodic raids.
either by trickery or force, but these only
stopped certain games temporarily. I'n
der the now system it Is impossible for
any games to run. If the police find a half
dozen men assembled in any of the rooms
they promptly kick them into the streets.
Of cnurpe, under this system very few
arrests are made; but the police are really
doing more work than if they were ar
resting fifty or a hundred men nightly.
with no evidence that gambling was being
carried on.
The best evidence of the efficacy of the
plan comes from the Chinese themselves,
who are loud in their denunciations of It.
One of the club managers says: "They
come into place one hundred times in two
days. If they find any man here hut our
working man they kick him out in the
street. I do no business. I might just
as well close up. for then I would not
have to buy any light."
MANY ARTICLES SOLD
IN CHARITY'S CAUSE
THE C. L. A. S.'S BAZAAR AGAIN
THRONGED.
Archbishop Riordan Unable to At
tend Through — Features
for This Evening.
Illness prevented Archbishop Riordan
from attending the bazaar of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society last night. His Grace
sent his regrets to the ladies who are in
charge of the affair and promised to be
on hand some time during the week.
As was expected there was a slight fall
ing off in the attendance last night. Dur-
Ing the evening a large number of visitors
thronged the fair and bought the pretty
and useful articles on exhibiton or tried
their luck in the games that are in
progress.
Knicknacks. needle work and other ar
ticles are rapidly sold, as the prices asked
are less than cost. It is expected that
even a larger crowd than that which was
present on the opening night will bo on
hand this evening. An entertaining pro
gramme has been arranged expressly for
the occasion. Many organizations have
signified their intention of visiting the
bazaar before its close as the great work
the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society has been
doing in the cause of charity has won
their recognition.
WILL ARGUE TO-NIGHT.
Debating League of Northern Califor
nia Will Discuss the Czar's
Universal Peace.
The second semi-annual convention of
the Debating League nf Northern Cali
fornia will convene in business session at
9 o'clock this morning in the Girls' High
School auditorium for the purpose of or
ganization. This afternoon the election
of officers -will take place, and to-night
there will be a debate between the Stock
ton and Lowell high schools. The subject
is "That the peace proposal of the Czar
is practicable." For the affirmative are:
C A. Miller, N. Rutherford and C. A
Thorp, and for the negative Miss B Wil
son. F. A. Mandel and A. H. Weller. The
judges are Superintendent Webster, T. O.
Crawford and Attorney Goodsell. The
convention of the league was prefaced last
night by an interesting programme of a
social nature that was given in the audi
torium of the High School, at which Presi
dent W. N. Frickstad of the league pre
sided.
DIED OF HIS INJURIES.
Lieutenant Lasher, Who Was Injured
Recently at Monterey, Expires
at Lane's Hospital.
Lieutenant O. R. lusher, F. S. N.. who
was thrown from his trap while out driv
ing with his six-year-old son at Mon
terey on April 21. died of his injuries at
the Lane Hospital yesterday. When the
Nontenant was first injured his phvsi
clana were quite hopeful of his ultimate
recovery, but during the last week a
change for the worse set tn and Lieuten
ant Lasher sank rapidly.
Lieutenant Lasher is well and popularly
knnwn in naval circles throughout the
L nited States. He was a native of New
York, and 4S years of age.
On the ±ace of the Earth
There is not a finer cigar than the Flor de
Heyneman, made of pure Havana leaf,
the best obtainable. Try a Flor de Heyne
man cigar, 25 cent size or two for a quar
ter. All first-class stores sell them. If
your dealer does not carry them send us
throe dollars for a box of twenty-five
1- lor de Heyneman Dellclosas. State
whether mild, medium or strong. If you
do not like them will refund your money.
Heyneman, Brown & Co.. 117 and 119 Pine
street. •
FULL EXTENT OF
WIDBER'S CRIME
IS YET UNKNOWN
Further Shortage Has
Been Discovered.
ABSENT HEIRS WERE ROBBED
HINT THAT OTHER OFFICIALS
MAY BE IMPLICATED.
The Known Additional Defalcation
Amounts to More Than $1200.
Some Questionable
Methods.
Treasurer Truman has discovered the
alarming fact that the full extent of ex-
Treasurer 'Widber's defalcation Is as yet
unknown. Enough is known to make it
certain that something more than $1200
must be added to the one hundred and
sixteen thousand odd dollars that Wid
ber admits having stolen from the vaults
of the city treasury and appropriated to
his own use. This additional sum be
longed to absent' heirs whose bequests
and legacies have from time to time been
deposited with the Treasurer by order of
court.
Facts connected with the discovery of
this additional defalcation are such as
to lead the officials to suspect that Wld
ber was not alone in his peculations, and
that some other person in authority un
der him was aware of the manner in
which the city was being robbed and may
even have been a party to the robbery. At
present the officials refuse to discuss this
phase of the case, but hints are thrown
out that future developments may serve
to implicate others than Widber In at
least a part of the defalcation.
The discovery also leads to the conclu
sion that the investigation of the books
and accounts of the Treasurer which was
made after Widber's defalcation became
known was not sufficiently thorough to in
sure the discovery of the entire amount
of the disgraced official's peculations.
How it came about that the "absent
heirs" account was overlooked by these
investigators and police officials is a prob
lem, the solution of which may throw
some additional light on the hints of com
plicity that are now being indulged in.
The present discovery was made
through the demand of the heirs of the
estate of Margaret Sullivan, deceased, for
the sum of $643 TO, deposited with the
Treasurer in 1896 by the administratrix
of the estate. When the demand was
made it was found that there was ncr
money in the treasury to the. credit of
these heirs, although the heirs produced
a receipt signed by Treasurer Widber ac
knowledging the receipt of the money.
A search among the papers found in
Widber's safe after his arrest brought to
light an order of court to the effect that
the money belonging to these particular
heirs be deposited with the Treasurer,
and also a copy of the receipt now held
by the heirs. This copy Is in the hand
writing of Louis Jacobs, who was one of
Widber's deputies. The receipt reads as
follows:
•V. •'-: SAN FRANCISCO. August 7, 1896.
Received from Julia Conroy, administratrix
of the estate of Margaret Sullivan, ■ deceased,
six hundred and forty-three and 70-100 dollars
($643 70), said money being shares of said es
tate of Phillip Harrington and Daniel Harring
ton, whose whereabouts Is unknown.
Share of Daniel Harrington $321 85
Share of I'hillip Harrington .'.. 321 85
Total 1643 70
Phillip and Daniel Harrington now ap
pear on the scene, with their attorney,
J. F. Riley, and demand their patrimony
at the hands of the Treasurer. As there
is no money in the "absent heirs' " fund,
except such as has come in since the ar
rest of Widber, the Messrs. Harrington
will be forced to sue the city for the
money due them.
Strange as it may seem, "Widber kept
no book account of money paid him on
account of absent heirs. The only evi
dence that can be found in the Treas
urer's office to show that he ever re
ceived any moneys on this account are
some papers — orders of court and copies
of receipts similar to those in the case
of the Harrington heirs— which were
found in the safe in his private office.
An examination of these papers and the
records, in the office of the County Clerk
show that there was paid to him on ac
count of absent heirs various sums as
follows:
Estate of Eliza Choll $295 70
Estate of Edward Browne ISO 86
Estate of Maria Newman 1 00
Estate of Stanhope Dickinson 100 00
Estate of Margaret Sullivan 643 70
Total U. 221 26
Not a cent of this money was found in
the treasury after Widber's arrest, and
the fact that it should have been there
seems to have been overlooked by those
who had charge of the investigation that
followed. Should the heirs to these es
tates come forward and demand the
money due them they would find nothing
to satisfy their claims.
It ie not known whether or not other
moneys were deposited with Widber to
this account, all that is now apparent be
ing the fact that he received the sums
named. A long and tedious search of the
probate records in the Counts Clerk's of
floe, covering the period of Widber's in
cumbency, will be necessary before ' it
will be definitely known just how much
money was paid Into his office by order of
court on account of absent heirs.
Treasurer Truman has made another
discovery that will probably lead to the
disclosure of a still further shortage in i
the ex-Treasurer's accounts. It Is the
matter of escheated estates where small
sums of money are involved. Money
drawn from this source is paid to the
Treasurer and he is required by law to
remit the same to the State Treasurer.
It is asserted that in at least one in
stance, where the sum of $26 is Involved,
Widber's books show that the money was
paid by him to the State Treasurer, but
the books of th« State official prove that
the money was not so paid. This account
and others of similar nature are being in
vestigated, and it will be several days be
fore the full facts are known.
WIDBER ASSUMES
ALL THE BLAME
SAN RAFAEL, April 28.— Widber was
interviewed at San Quentin Prison to
night in reference to the foregoing and
made the following statement: "Mr. de
la Montanya, so I understand, was the
man who went over my accounts with
Mayor Phelan immediately after the
shortage was* discovered, and made a
compilation tixing the actual and total
amount of the shortage. His total was
the aggregate of all the sources from
which money was missing, and he should
be in a position to know all about the
records and whether this $1200 has any
thing to do with the aggregate or not.
"1 presumed this grand total represent
ed all the discoveries of shortages, but
this item may have been overlooked. I
have not been near the office for a year,
and cannot tell whether this is another
itnm or not on account of the fact that
the aggregate was divided into shortages
referring to the various funds. The fart
of any particular clerk signing a receipt
does not necessarily imply that he was
responsible for the shortage. I do not
remember anything about this particular
item, but the responsibility fell upon me
at the time and rests upon me now, and
this new discovery, if it is a new one
would not help me any hy having the re
sponsibility thrown upon anybody else
This much I will say, however: The office
was open the morning after I left, and be
tween the time It was opened and the
time it was closed and sealed by Mayor
Phelan and Auditor Broderick there was
an excellent chance for any of the clerks
to abstract money from the vaults. Al
though this is true, I do not wish it to
be understood that T imply any of the
funds were tampered with during that
time. It is mentioned merely as a possi
bility and not as a fact."
Widber was very anxious to have all
ADVERTISEMENTS.
concert by Start's celebrated ,
orchestra this afternoon at Hale's :
. the next few days could each be called red-letter days : to-morrow (Sun-
. day), the weather man says, will be warm, and if it is any way pleasant j
lots of folks will breathe the healthful ozone by the "sad sea waves":
Monday — Dewey day— that is a day of thanksgiving for not only Dewey
but "the men who manned the guns" (don't forget them): Tuesday is
Hale's day — the seventh anniversary of this store — one of seven Califor-
nlan stores run by seven brothers : Tuesday will be our birthday: "good
goods" will insure heavy trade !
miCOAc' Ollrf leghorn hats for misses md children, trimmed with I
llluSuu dill! late roses, most becoming, trimmed with an air of
, , . , youthful freshness — trimmed, in fact, for «(» in 0n
children s hats happy days ° f chiidhood v IO *<
children's hats in leghorn straw, trimmed in chiffon, (
ffir MStVfl/W flowersand ribbon, good hats for those */* r a > A CC
IUI liluJfUUji wishing an economical yet dainty hat 10 $"
trimmed sailors with mousseline de soie and quills, rich hats «* j &i
for yachting, riding and seaside promenades ipi 10 $1
hnoioru 140 dozen boys' black cot- j fnu/nlo 25 dozen damask towels,
lIUoICIYi ton hose, narrow ribbed IUIICIOi 18x39 inches, bleached, |
and heavy quality, spliced knotted fringe, white |g
' heels and toes, fast black and j^i and colored borders _each lt)v
seamless, size 6to 10. ..per pair I^aw |iQnQ*j Hudnut's almond meal,
IduullUll for sunburn 25C
norOQlfl 2500 yards 36-inch per- L!-!. Hudnufs milk of cucum-
PBlUaiß. cale, medium colors, nice nllllS. r b h er I \ nd , '™? }? C i
r wrapper patterns, Z/ , v . f , . carbolated vaseline.. 15c i
good for seaside wear.... per yard 5C Hudnut s tooth powder... 25e
SUU v !«. kimuo «= k / camphor ice, mutton tallow, cocoa
butter 25c
CnrDAflQ 5 cases whlte crochet Hudnut's orchid beauty cream, a liquid i
O|JI CaUOi spreads, size 72xBs inches, f aC e powder, extremely hygienic $1
our "Monterey' brand, _ American flags, muslin, on
. . , J . , n*iuiAU American flags, muslin, on
hemmed ready for use, for double a^ ]$$$] sticks .. ,
Aqu vNo 4 5 6
taffeta. i^^SSZ UdVi «£=%& & .
taffeta, 'jzitj £s££ J %..™p« to. 2 0e (
includes all the up-to-date No _... 7 8 9 10
colorings, 1200 yards in the of- / ft/ , inches 18 27 36 43
fering...; ..per yard OtlC dozen 30e 60c $1.20 $1.80
red, blue and white festooning, 30 feet
rrlnuno 2-clasp real French kid long ........25c
UIOVcSi pique walk ng gloves, col- picture of the man wno made May Ist
ors black, brown, tan, red, famous V"i"i"c" : v
mode, green, navy, gray, mis- *< pa standard bunting flag of U. S. in the
tique and white per pair $l.t)w regulation.
new veilings, neckwear, shirt waists and belts.
"the store mother likes,"
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
/"N ,^V . /"\ ~^ /v^ /"\ a..^ i^N -^\^N.
LEVIN BROS., Inc.
SATURDAY LEADERS!
Take Advantage and Come Early.
EASTERN HAMS 10c
Sugar cured. Regular 12Hc pound.
BEST FAMILY FLOUR 75c
Regular 95c 60-rxiund sack.
JAVA and MOCHA COFFEE
Regular 35c pound. 4 JJjg $1,00
CREAMERY BUTTER
square 30c
3 squares 86c. Regiilar 3no.
BEST MAINE CORN
Regular 15a. 3 Cans 25C
IMPORTED SARDINES Isc
Verdeau Freres— Large can.
1348 =1354 MARKET STREET.
r>ppf>Bite Seventh Street.
Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
responsibility thrown upon himself, and
after the admission that funds might
have been abstracted by any of the
clerks, proceeded to state vigorously that
he did not wish it understood as his be
lief that any had been. On last Sunday
Louis Jacobs. Widher's former chief em
ploye and a man named Rosenbaum
were 'taken to "Widber's cell by Dr. Law
lor. the prison physician, and there held
a long conference with him.
Baseball To-Bay.
The tail-enders. Sacramento and Oak
land, will come together at Recreation
Park this afternoon for the first of a
series of three games that promise to be
fraußh* with more than passing interest
to the baseball public. Both teams owe
their present unfortunate position to a
series of accidents, bvit they have made
special efforts for this series. Sacramento
has signed some new men, including Har
vey, the great left-hand pitcher, and is
trying to lure Truck Egan from San Jose.
The Oakland cripples, with the exception
of Dtmleavy, are again in good shape and
prepared to fight the baseball battle of
their lives. The teams are evenly
matched, and when in anything like their
normal condition are capable of putting
up as good ball as any team in the league.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purcbasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION*
IN COHHESFONDINO WITH ANY OF TUB FOLLOWING
FIRMS FLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINCJ.
LP DFGFN Manufacturer of Benin* find
L. T. UCUCH, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
»ion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. biUDT, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Shis
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5046.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
£42 to 350 Geary Street Abore Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
ft! rr nnif 1 I Corner Fourth and
CnFE'ROYILe-^isg
I 11 I r h I IU I our Special Brew
II H I I H L Steam and Lager -
Wl 1 1 L lIW I I 1 1_ Cc Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
faOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1364. .
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BL.TTH. Mirr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTISTS.
nn r W Htriri;D- : -806 Market, rms. « to Id.
UK- L >V- IICtrYCK Colton gas for painless
extraction of teeth a specialty.
DRUOOISTS (WHOLESALE!.
REDIN6TON & CO. iTiti^T^i
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real aa4
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or -will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or '.oaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
Inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgac« or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
DR-MQNULTY.
rVHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABf,EOLD
A Specialist cur's Private. Nervous, and Blood Dls-
enses Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. OverWjr'rs 1 experience.
Patieiitscui-eiiat Home. Terrus reasonable. Hours 9
to3daliy:«.3otoS:;tO ev'gs. Sundays. Iotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. C:all.oraddres»
P. KOHCOK Mo\ILTV. M.D.
'£W ,, Kearny St., Man Francisco. Cal.
Game will "be called at 3 o'clock, with the
teams lined up as follows:
1 Oakland. Positions. Sacramento.
- W. Hammond Catcher Stanley
Russell Pitcher Doyle
: Mo.skiman First base Shanahan
L. Hammond Second base Stultz
I Lange Third base Peeples
i Schmeer Short stop ....Egan
('roll Left field Walker
Donovan Center field Sheehan
Hardle Risht field Beckwith.
■ ♦ .
QUAKER BATHS, advertised in this
paper, sold by Ferry Drug Co., 8 Mar
ket street; $2 50 to $5. •
The Young Will Contest.
A contest to the will of the late Thomas
Young, who died recently, leaving an es
tate valued at about $40,000, was filed yes
terday by his daughter, Margaret J. Bes
ton. The plaintiff alleges that her father
was of unsound mind when he made the
testament, in which the contestant is dis
inherited, and also that undue influence
was exercised over him by his second
wife. Annie Young, to whom was be
queathed the bulk of the estate.
■ ♦ ■ _
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY !•
recommended by physicians for family and
I medicinal use because it is pure.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JIC RfIVF? Shipping Butchers, IMC pi\
JAJ. DVILJ, clay. T«l. Main U94.& LU,
HARDWARE
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers in hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton Hedle*. Props.<
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
LIQUORS.
GUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.60 ; cue, $6.00
0. P. 8. PONT, do $2.60; cast $10.00
L. CAHEN * SON, 418 Sacramento St., 8. T.
"NO BETTER ON EARTB'iK^
Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO.. 13 Front st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
j ItILLMmLI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING.
EC HIIHHFQ PBTNTER.
• V*- lUJllllLOt Ml Pan jnra» itrert.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tele g raphl c PAßTßlDGE g, ,c.,^
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SSS£?u%&«..
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Fcr; v Agents and Public Weighers. C. ■
cral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. O«a-
-eral office. 210 California it. Tel. Mala lSli.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI IIVnV lirutlQuarters for fine Jewelry an*
■LUnlllf - k. Wedding Rimes. 4ld St.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by th»
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Urn
GREEN RIVER COULIERIEB.
Is th« Best Coal la the Mark*.
f flfiw ama Tarta-iM Isjua au**. > 