VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 141.
QUAY IS BEATEN FOR THE
SENATE.
EX-SENATOR MATTHEW STANLEY QUAY.
T TARRISBURG, Ta.. April in. —
Tl battle f^r United
Senator I -day
X. JL without an »-l''ti'>n. and U
Stoi i all? an extra
r>n at which there should be an
sylvania will have only
• sentative ir. the United Si
uring the next two
• in joint
rition a motion v i by
Mr. I ■" Philadelphia
that a vote of thanks be ten
mven-
lie.
Th» irn finally
r the law
May FIRST
PROCLAIMED
A HOLIDAY
Sr^lal Pi«r>atrh to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 19. Governor
i the following oro
. ■ ion:
■ 1 VMATION.
of Califor-
April I.- 1
I •■ • idmlraJ I
Ine islands,
famed In modern
•'1 the
■
•. D. 1899 will be
■
n g I o
*■ nould I"- set
patriotic pub
■ .ie;
; ■:• nrv T. Gage. Goy
a. by virtue
me by tho con-
Si te, do he! •■
--t day of Maj .
: I have hereunto set
eal of
:■ iced this 13th
HENRY T. QAGE,
te of i California.
of State.
HOPE FOR A UNION OF
ALL GERMAN-AMERICANS
RLIN, April r* The recent do
monsi i the part of German bo
s in Chic • n , lf
i the
L'nited Stai marly has
hailed with greal satisfaction by the
emi-offl< lal
■ i iripr "su< • i ;, T .
' ' Joyfully ! t hr.
: that it proves thai the German
ants 'vli' rnea In the
world 'lost to the fat hi r
but retain In their h< a ■ |
hich is of greater « orth than a*
. . .>f nat lonal sentinv nt on
X asiona but which fail when need-
Thp Post then expressed the hop,, that
meni will spread to ilv East
ern States, "leading t<> a courageous
• man-Americana."
Dies Laden With Years.
' /. April 19.— Thomas
• ■ r of this county, is
at his home at Doyles Gulch. He
was a native of Scotland and 82 years old.
The San Francisco Call.
the joint convention must assemhle at
that hour, henc^ to.-day's motion t" ad
journ finally. There was no "hanpe in
;. s voting; the friends of <>x-S-n
--ator Quay standing by him and the
anti-Quay Republicans by B. F. Jones
<>f Pittsburg. while the Democrats casi
thr-ir vote for '. ,7>-nks, who
has bp-^n their cai Mnce the:
deadlock bepan.
The Senatorial contest bearan o n Jan- ;
vary 17. On that day Senator \
received his highest vote, 113 Sen
and Ropresentativos casting th»Mr bal
lot for him. This was thirteen h-ps than
the number necessary t>
he n<"»ver came nearer an election dur- i
WILL SEND
MESSAGES by
THE x-RAY
■
NEW FORK, April 19 A Cl ■
Bpecial to th" Herald says: It. H. P.
Pratt, ■' practical electrician and sci
ted with th>- three local
medical colleges, as professor of elec
tro-therapeutics, lias made a specialty
ijf the X-ray machine and production
"f sii pha and it is through X
ray.s, he declares, he has solved the
problem upon which Marconi and
Notre Dam i professors are now at
\\>>rk. Hi- believes he has devised i
plan for both telegraphing and tele
phoning without the use "f wires, and
can reach New York by means of it.
"My idea," he said to-day, "Is to get
up where the atmosphere is rarer and
clearer, say . 1000 feet or more on toD
of a metal tower. At the base of the
tower Is a Ruhmkorff coil sending a
current of from 2,000.000 to 5,000,000
volts to a Crookes tube to be placed at
the apex- of the tower. The tube would
be mounted on a pivot like a search
light so as to be turned in any direc
tion.
"Alongside the tower would stand a
mast or pole of equal height, capped
by a metal globe. A current of . low
voltage would be sent up this pole and
as the l.iprh voltage in which the cur
rent from the tower struck the globe
it would pick up and carry along the
weaker current. The latter would be
governed by telegraph or telephone in
struments.
"At the New York end of the route
would stand another 1000-foot mast or
pole surmounted by a metal globe, and
as the X-ray current from Chicago
reached it pulsations could he recorded
by a telegraph sounder or heard by a
telephone receiver." -
EXPERT KYTKA'S THEORY.
-■ '■'■■
Says the Murdock Note Signature
Was Traced From a Deed.
WILLOWS. April 19.— 1n the Murdoch !
note case Expert Kytka consumed th»
morning session In demonstrating to the
Jury his theory as to how the signature i
on the $100,000 note was traced from Wil
liam Murdock's signature on a deed.'
Kytka had not finished his direct testi
mony at noon, when court adjourned to I
! attend the funeral of .Attorney Frank i
| Freeman's mother. Kytka will resume his j
i testimony to-morrow morning. ;... V;,
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL, 20, 1599.
ins the more than three months nf
No such hitter political con
as probably ever before wa^ed in
this country- The flight has been dis
tinctly on Quay and anti-Quay lines
and both sides had numerous represen
• s here at all times keeping a
watch "ii the m-'mbers and on
each other. Both sides promise that
i for supremacy will be car
ried into every county in the State and
mtly until final victory is
assured to one or the other. The next
• 'Ail! be the chairmanship of the
State committee. After that will come
Hi ■• battle for rho control of the State
:;ti"!i. which will nominate a can-
I r State Treasurer.
ORGANIZING
SOLDIERS IN
THE ISLANDS
Special Olspatrh to The rail.
NEW YORK. April 19.— A Washing
ton special to thf> Herald pays: Secre
tary A Igor has cabled to Major Gen
erals Brooke and Henry to report prog
ress In the matter of organization of
Cuban and Porto Rican battalions.
Official reports from General H^nry
show that ne b^gan to organize Porto
Ftlcan soldiery on March 31. Secretary
Alger told me h^ saw some of the men
fiivly Bet up ami apparently very much
1 leased at their enlistment In Uncle
Sam's service. At the time the Secre
tary was In Cuba he said General
Brooke ha<l not commenced to organize
tin- Cuban battalion, and the Secre
tary seems to be of the opinion that
Cubans moke better police than Amer
ican Boldlers.
General Otis has not taken advantage
of th authority granted to him to en
list Filipinos, and it is presumed he
will not <I'> bo until the restoration <>f
peace and order in the islands.
DEFENDERS OF BALER
REFUSED TO EVACUATE
BARCELONA, April 19.— El Diario,
eulogizing the Spanish garrison— con-
sistine: r.-f a captain, two lieutenants, a
doctor and forty-eight men — who had
been defending Baler against the Fili
pinos, says:
"Oenpral Rlos recently sent Captain
i Olmedo to order the garrison to evacu
ate, as Baler no longer belonged to
Spain, Olmedo, after great difficulty,
. Rot within fifty metres of the house in
which th" Spaniards were fortified. He
managed, however, to deliver his in
structions, but the garrison simply con
tinued to fire from its fortified quar
i ters, and Captain Olmedo was com
pelled to return to Manila without a
reply.
COLORED TROOPS FOR
THE PHILIPPINES
PORTLAND, Or.. April 19.— Word
has been received at Vancouver Bar
racks that two companies of the Twen
ty-fourth Infantry (colored), now at
Fort Sherman, Idaho, have been or
dered to proceed to San Francisco and
sail for Manila.
REVISION OF
DREYFUS CASE
TO BE REFUSED
Such a Decision Will Soon
Be Rendered by Court
of Cassation.
THERE IS FOREBODING
An Injustice That, It Is Predicted, !
May Cause the Downfall of
the French Republic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DARIS, April 19.— The dcci
■ sion of the Court of Cassa
jtion, which will probably be de
livered on May 1. will be a re
| fusal of revision of the Dreyfus
I case.
This appalling news has spread
consternation among the friends
of justice in France, and has al
ready evoked manifold forebod
ings of the speedy downfall of the I
republic as the penalty for its re
newed defiance of the first princi
ples of truth and righteousness.
Shame, indeed, would be the in
evitable effect of persistence in
the suicidal policy advocated by !
the anti-Dreyfus Parisians.
It is universally known and ad
mitted in the light of evidence
taken by the Criminal < 'hamber
of the Court of Cassation:
First — That Dreyfus was con
demned on evidence secretly
communicated to his judges.
Second — That this evidence in
no way involved the accused
man.
Nobody is more cognisant of
the crucial facts than the forty
five Judges on the Supreme
bench. President Loubet. Pre-
mier Dupuy and other yiembers
of the Cabinet comprising the
Government of France.
Nevertheless, it is true that the :
Ministry is pressing the court to ;
render an immediate decision,
and the court has yielded to that
pressure, the understanding be
ing that the application for re- :
vision will be rejected.
Before civilization gives voice I
to its denunciation of the execu- I
tive. the Government and the
highest judicial tribunal of
France, there is an important
word to be said.
It might be possible that all
high posts of power in the
French republic are held by ;
knaves and cowards, but it is
hardly possible that they will all
be fools as well. Any Minister
or Judge who imagines it pos
sible to refuse justice to a man
whose illegal condemnation has
been proved, and in whose be
half the conscience of the civil
ized world is aroused, as never
before, would be the victim of a
delusion which no sane brain
could harbor.
There must therefore be some
other explanation for the incom
prehensible situation created by
to-day's news.
CLERGYMEN TO SELL
SERMONS AT AUCTION
Will Bid for the Privilege of Preach-
ing to Georgia State Prison
Convicts.
ATLANTA, April 19. -T'nder the new
convict system no provision has been
mado for chaplains. Refore the present
reforms were instituted it was the cus
tom to pay $3 per Sunday to ministers
for preaching sermons to convicts in
camps. Now the Attorney General has
decided it is illegal for thf State to make
the expenditure direct, and the only man
ner in whlfh th" convicts can be supplied
with religion is t.> set aside money from
the revenue gained l.v ttifir labors.
It has been suggested that, to prevent
complaints of partiality from the host of
country preacher* who want to minister
to the State charges, an auction be held
and the lowest .bidders h* awarded the
privilege of delivering a sermon once a
week.
I'nder the former system it cost the
Btnte over J.VHW a year to maintain chap
lains. The Prison Commissioners look for
ward with interest to the contest, and the
bidding is expected to be spirited.
ABCHBISHOP CARR COMING.
Will Pass Through San Francisco on
His Way Back to Australia;
NEW YORK, April' 19.— A guest of
Archbishop C'orritran Is Archbishop Carr
of Melbourne, Australia, who arrived on
Saturday on his way home from a visit
to his old home In Ireland. Archbishop
Carr expects to start on Saturday for
Melbourne via San Francisco.
EX-CONGRESSMAN
HILBORN DEAD
THE LATE SAMUEL G. HILBORN.
APPREHENSION AS
TO THE FATE OF
GILLMORE'S PARTY
Special r>f=patoh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 10.—Con
siderable apprehension is felt
by Navy Department "fflcials
regarding the probable fate 1
of Lieutenant Gillmoro a nd |
party. While Admiral Dewey made no
mention of what steps had been insti
tuted to secure the release of the men,
if they are alive, it is confidently felt
that every effort is being exhausted not
only to learn the fate of the members
of the party, but, if alive, to rescue
them at once.
This morning's press dispatches from
Manila were shown ■to naval officers
and were variously commented upon.
The impression seems to be stronger
than yesterday that perhaps they had
met with serious disaster. According
to these dispatches a steam launch
with a machine pun entered the river,
and later three valleys were heard* but
no response • from the machine gun.
Some officers place, various. construc
tions upon this evidence, and one or two
officers expressed their opinion that
the Yorktown's party may -have been
suddenly surprised before there was an
opportunity to bring the machine gun
into play. In case they were captured
it is thought by several officials that
the Americana will be held as prison
ers, but still there Is a graver view
taken by others, especially in view of
the proclamation issued by the , rebel
leaders that no quarter be shown the
enemy, coupled with the rebel warning
that our army made no prisoners, but
killed all the captured.
Resting confident on the judgment of
Admiral De-.vey to make every possible
effort to learn, the fate of the York
towns party, no instructions have been
sent by the Navy Department and
none will be. Secretary Long stated
this morning that unquestionably light
draft gunboats had been ordered to the
assistance of the Yorktown. and it is
quite possible that a landing party had
been sent ashore to explore the" coun
try and discover what had become of
the launch and party. A vessel of the
Yorktown's size carries comparatively
few men, her crew consisting of not
over 160 at most. Her marine guard is
also small, so that Captain Sperry. her,
commander, would be incapable of
landing a sufficient force from his ship
for reconnoitering purposes without as
sistance from other vessels.
The Navy Department having re
quested a correction of the portions of
Admiral Dewey's dispatch of yesterday
which were not decipherable was to
day able to furnish the full text of
the dispatch, which is as follows:
MANILA. April 18.— Secretary of the
Navy, Washington: The Yorktown vis
itrrt Baler, on the east coast of Luzon,
P. 1., April 12, for the purpose of rescu
ing and bringing away the Spanish
forces, consisting of eighty soldiers,
three officers and two priests, which weie
surrounded by 4<iO insurgents. Some of
the Insurgents wore armed with Mauser
rifles, as reported by natives. Lieutenant
J. C. Gjllmore, while makins an examina
tion of the mouth of tb.e river in an
armed boat, was ambushed, fired upon
and captured. Fate unknown, as insur
gents refused to communicate afterward.
The following are missing: Thf
previously referred to, chief Quartermas
ter W. Walton. Coxswain J. Ellsworth,
Gunner's Mate H. J. Hygard, Sailmaker's
Mate Vendgit. Seamen W. 11. Ryi
and C. W. WOOdbury, Apprentices D. \V.
■\ Venville, J. Peterson, Ordinary Seamen
p! Brisolese and O. B. McDonald, Lands
men I>- T Edwards. F. Anderson. J. T > i 1 -
lon and C. A. Morrissey. DEWEY.
HOW GILLMORE'S PARTY
STRANGELY DISAPPEARED
MANILA, April 19, 4:30 p. m.— Ad-
I miral Dewey has been notified nf the
j strange disappearance of J. C. Gillmore
I and fourteen members of the crew of
Hi.- United States gunboat Yorktnwn.
On Saturday last the Yorktown
anchored oft Baler, on the east coast
of ihe island of Luzon and about 200
miles from here, where was a Spanish
garrison of about fifty men, which had
t n defending Itself against several
hundred Filipinos for months past.
Lieutenant (iillmore. Ensign W. H.
Standley and a boat"s crew were sent
i up tilt? river from- Baler Kay to com
municate with the Spaniards, the town
! of Baler being: situated some distance
; inland. Ensign Standley, who landed
at the mouth of the river, reports that
he heard three volleys, a bugle call and
cheers from up the river, but that the
automatic gun which was part of thf>
equipment of the boat was not heard
firing. Standley later paddled to the
Yorktown in a canoe. A search was
made for the Yorktown'p boat and her
crew, but n<> trace of th^m was found
and th>' Forktown sailed for II olio; from
j which place her commander reported to
Dewey his theories that the Filipinos
had captured or sunk the boat or that
the Spaniards had rescued the Ameri-
I can party.
Brigadier General Charles King, who
1 has been taken suddenly ill and who is
unable- to continue in command of his
, brigade, has beet] relieved of further
duty and htis been ordered to return
to the United States on the first, trans
port sailing from here for home.
ACTIVE HOSTILITIES
WILL BE CONTINUED
NEW YORK, April 19.— Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Notwithstanding the pres
ence of the hot season and the immi
nence of the rainy season in the Philip
pines,' there is to be no cessation of
active hostilities against the Filipinos.
This fact was developed at a conference
to-day between the President, Secretary
Alger, Secretary Long and Adjutant
General Corbin. It was also again de
cided not to issue a call for the 35,000
volunteers authorized by the army re
organization law.
It is the purpose of the administra
tion to send to Manila almost as many
regular regiments as there are .volun
teers to be returned. There are fifteen
volunteer regiments, which, according
to General Otis, will return home, com
mencing on .May 5. Six regular regi
ments are now on their way to Manila.
With' their departure only three in
fantry commands Will remain in the
country available for service in the
East. It is understood. that if condi
tions continue satisfactory in Cuba a
! couple of regiments of infantry will be
I drawn from that island and the
i Eleventh from Porto Rico. There is
j talk of dispatching cavalry to General
Otis. ~ -.
The following: cable has just been re
celved from General Otis:
MANILA. April I.l— Adjutant General.
Washington: Lawton returned from
Lake country the 17th inst.. bringing cap
led vessels. Insurgents much s>-at
?d; retreat before lur forces; await
ortunity to attack detachments. Bet
clasa of people tired of war: desire
cc. The enemy build hope on return
our vplunteers to the T'nited States.
army is much demoralized and loss
desertion large. Will probably prose
e guerrilla warfare, looting and burn
country which it occupied. Health
and spirits of the troops good. Volun
teers' return will commence about May 5.
Will reader willing service until rfturn
transports are available. Embarkation
will continue through June and July. Re
ports fr'im Vlsayan Islands continue
very encouraging. Interisland commerce
heavy. Customs receipts increasing.
OTIS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
• Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 19.
Ex-Congressman S. G. Hilborn died
at 1 o'clock this afternoon at the Gar
field Hospital. His wife and daughter
were with him. Judge Hilborn was
naturally a man of strong constitution
and until within the last few weeks
enjoyed the best of health. But for a
month or two he had not been feeling
as well as usual, and his physician at
tributed this to kidney tremble. Neither
he nor his family imagined it was any
thing more than a fum-tional disturb
ance, which would yield readily to
treatment, but his case Boon developed
alarming symptoms of diabetes.
The first indication nf his serious ill
ness occurred on Monday, April 10. He
had ordered a carriage to take him to
the Capitol and wag about to leave his
house when his right foot suddenly
gave way and he was thrown into a
state of collapse. A physician was im
mediately summoned and diagnosed his
case as blood poisoning. Later in the
day he made another effort to g,o to
the Capitol, but with the same result.
From that time he grew steadily worse.
Last Saturday he was removed to the
Garfield Hospital. He did not realize
that he was critically ill until yester
day, when he was asked to sign some
papers. But the depression caused by
a suspicion that his end might be near
was momentary only and he was soon
cheerful again. This was his condition
as he gradually passed into an uncon
scious state. Three or four days ago
his physician gave up all hope of sav
ing his life, as the process of uraemic
poisoning was inevitable and had al
ready induced gangrene in one of his
limbs.
Mr. Hilborn served for a while on the
District of Columbia Committee in the
House, but his best record was made
as a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. He was second in rank
on that committee in the last Congress
and devoted every energy and most un
tirins; attention to the arduous duties
i which Congress imposed. The furnish
ing of men and supplies to the navy to
carry on the war, providing new ships
for the navy and the reorganization of
the personnel by the committee caused
a great deal of work, of which Hilborn
was called upon to bear a large portion.
He was intensely interested in the
navy, an extensive reader of books
bearing upon different branches of con
struction and armament, and wrote a
lecture upon the new navy.
There is no doubt that his labors dur
ing the "war Congress" in behalf of the
service of which he was so proud,
hastened the break-down of his sys
tem. Mr. Hilborn was held in high es
teem by his colleagues in the House.
He was a companionable man and al
though he ranked among the senior
members in point of age, he numbered
his associates among all classes. He
had many warm friends on the Demo
rratic side of the chamber and was
universally liked.
The funeral will be held at the Con
gregational Church Friday afternoon.
One of the pallbearers will be Asso
ciate Judge McKenna. The body will
be deposited in a vault in Rock Creek
Cemetery and v.ill probably be interred
later in New York instead of California.
Mr. Hilborn has brothers and sisters
buried in New York, but Mrs. Hilborn
has not yet fully made up her mind as
to the last resting place.
OAKLAND, April 19.— The news of Me Hil
born'e death was a sorrowful surprise to his
large circle of friends in this county. He
was expected to arrive in Oakland in about a
week, and it was the intention of the Mer
chants' Exchange to tender him a banquet in
honor of the faithful work he has done for the
Third Congressional District during the past
ten years.
Mr. Hilborn came from Maine, where he
was born sixty-five years ago. His inclinations
were always toward the law, and after his
graduation from Tufts College he at once com
menced preparing for the legal profession.
When he fiiFt came to California, during the
civil war, he was admitted to practice and
for many years he made his home at the city
of Vallejo. His earliest political experience
was gained as a member of the Hoard of Edu
cation and City Trustees of Vaik-J... In I>O
he was elected a member of the Board of Su
pervisory of Solano County, but V»->fore. the com
pletion of his term he was elected to the State
Senate. His first prominent work in the Leg
islature was in connection with the regulation
of railroad freight? and fare.-;, for at trcit time
the new constitution had not been launched
and freight rates were under the jurisdiction
of the .Legislature. Mr. Hilhorn fought the
railroad, but was beaten. In the constitutional
convention of ]S7S Mr Hilhorn was a delegate
and fought hard to prevent the adoption of
measures proposed by the Kearney faction, and.
failing in this, he attempted to oppose the
adoption of the constitution.
After leaving the State .Senate Mr. Hilborn
practiced law for a few years, and in LBB2
President Arthur appointed him I'nite.i -
District Attorney. He then chanced h;
in Francisco and three years later
moved to this city, which has been his h^me
ever since.
Oakland's first experience with Mr. Hilb^rn
In politics was in the city campaign of I^s9.
He was a delegate fmm the Seventh Ward to
the city convention. With his delegation he.
bolted the convention because he thought un
fairness had been practiced. The result of this
split was the election of John R. <;iascock. a
Democratic Mayor. A couple of years later
he assisted in organizing the Municipal I.,eagii.»
and held the ofilce of president until he was
elected to Congress In ]K'2. I'pon the reslc
natlon of Judge McKenna Mr. HHborn was
nomlnnted to nil the unexplred term and was
easily elected. For the long term he was ap
parently beaten by Warren R Knellsh. al
though the returns showed he had a plurality.
After a contest in Congress Mr. HHborn was
unseated, and all because of the disputed re
turns of Altamont, the smallest precinct in the
seven counties comprising the Third Congres
sional District.
In ISO 4 the battle of Altamont was fought
out again, and Mr. Rllborn was elected by a.
large majority over his old competitor.
Last year Mr. HHborn was agrain a candi
date, but It was thought by many that a
younger man should be sent f> Congress and he
was benten at the primaries by Victor H. M.t-
now Congressman from this district.
Mr. llllhnrn was married in Vall«\jo thirty
six yrars ago to Miss Lou Root, and his widow
and only child, Grace, were with him when he
died.
WINS THE SENATORIAL
TOGA IN FLORIDA
James V. Taliaferro Chosen on the
First Joint Ballot in the
Legislature.
TALLAHASSEE. Fla.. April 19.-The
Senatorial contest in Florida ended to
day with the first joint ballot in the Leg
islature. Taliaferro received r>9 votes,
Pasco 30 and Call 6—51 votes being re
quired for an election. Mr. Taliaferro
was escorted to the chair and briefly re
turned thanks for the honor accorded
him.
Hon. James P. Tallaferro, the newly
elected United States Senator, was horn
| at Orange Courthouse, Virginia, Septem
ber 4, 1547. where he spent most of his
boyhood days. He served gallantly as a
' private in the Confederate army. After
I the war he removed to Jacksonville, Fla.,
j and engaged in the logging and sawmill
I business. He has been and is now con
nected with a number of large commer
cial enterprises. He is president of the
I First National Bank of Tampa and vloe
; president of the leading wholesale house
:of Florida. He served for three years
a.- < hairman of the State Democratic:
executive committee. In politics Mr.
Taliaferro is conservative and practical.2
WAR OF CHINESE
TONGS ST FRESNO
Three Mongolians Shot
to Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FREtJNO, April 19.— Th< long expect
itbreak between the rival tones
in Chinatown took place just I
ittle was short
but bloody, and within five ! n i n \ l l • ■ s
the first shot three
of the warring Mongolians lay dead, a
unded and aev
. ral \\ nder ai for murder.
Th.- battle had been skillfully planned
and there were no officers on the -
w !:■ a the shooting commenced. Police
■ , v. ho has the day
beat in Chinatown, had .lust gone oft
duty and bis pi taken by
J. 1 1. Morse. The I b< en in
( hinatown only a few minutea when
: up to him and in
iiini to a saloon two blocks a
to have a cigar. The policeman sup
.
the men. While they ' were in the
saloon the Bhooting eon
The first shot was fired in the alley
just north of Tulare street, between F
and G streets. No one saw the open-
Ing of the battle and it .ably will
never be known just how it com
menced. Hi Rapelji, a Chinatown
watchman, was at the corner of i ; and
Tulare streets when the first .shot was
fired. He rushed to the scene, and
upon reaching the alley saw two Chi
nese leaning over the prostrate form of
a third. ■ Each of the men was armed
with a revolver and both were shoot -
ing at the body on i he ground between
them.
Farther up the alloy wore at loast
a dozen other Mongolians, all blazing
away ami running to and fro in an
excited manner. As Rapelji ran up to
arrest the Chinese who wore shooting
at the man lying oft the walk, Leon
Tun?, a prominent member of the Bine
Kung Company, rushed by him, pur
sued by a highbinder. The fugitive
took shelter in a hallway leading; to a
fan tan don. As he reached the door
the*man who followed him fired. The
bullet struck Leon Tuns in the fore
head and ho dropped dead. Ranelji
caught the murderer by the queue and
held him until other officers arrived.
At the. jail he gave the name of Wong
Duck.
The men wfc
man on I
s arrived. Sir..
who had bei n shot at was m t
r he jumped up and
ran away as soon ;.. ■ had
left. him.
In th • meantime l 'ol .l>: .-..
who had heard t he shot -
shoi ■
se running from th<
C Q and Tula: ■ liagonally
; him.
: the north
of Tulni.
d Chin Chi, who was
■
i at him, killin
stantly.
The punner then continued t.» run
el toward the spot where
indingr. 1 ■ man
■ d him to stop, but he threw his
pistol at con
tinue a again ordered
him ti> st-.]!, and, upon his failure to
:. The ball penetrated the
Mongolian's liver and kidneys and he
! to live. He
te the County Hospital, where he Is
■ guards.
After :.' • - d the of
found a i I ly wound
alley just above the Bpot
where Leon Tung was kl name
known, but he was . He
y afterward.
As soon as quiet
the officers made a thorough search of
Chinatown and arrested a numl
- .
Th»- war between the rival companies
was
Tai Choy for th^ killing of Chuck Hock.
what the members of his company
claim was pi rjured testimony. The
g in Chinatown
■ . Within the last few days
over forty highbinders have arrived
■
HOAR'S VOICE RAISED
AGAINST EXPANSION
BOSTON, April 19.— The Sons of the
Revolution observed Patriots' day by
the unveiling of a tablet placed upon
the tomb In King's Chapel burying
grounds, which marks the resting place
of William Dawes, whose daring night
ride of April 18-19, 1779, was of the
same character and accomplish! I the
same purpose as the ride of Paul Re
vere. The ceremony was followed by
a banquet at the Hotel Vendorrie, at
which Senator Hoar and former United
States Minister to Spain, Hannis Tay
lor, were the principal speakers. Sena
tor Hoar said:
We should as soon have thought three
years ago of asking the Saviour of man
kind to conic down from the mount ami
take service under a Roman centurion
or go into the employ of Tiberius in order
not to be Isolated, as to have asked the
American people to descend from its lofty
height to engage in the diplomatic quar
rels, of Europe or the scuffles for empire
in Asia, Mr. President, I do not believe
for one, that the temper and character of
the American people have changed in a '
twelvemonth. I believe that the princi- !
ples of the constitution and the declara
tion, the doctrine on which the revolution ;
•was fought and won, are still dear to the
hearts of the American people.
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All norts of stores sell it, especially
AruggisU; all sorts of people use it.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
CLANS ARRIVE AT
THE CAPITAL CITY
Visiting Commanderies Greeted
by Sacramento's Hospi=
table People.
SACRAMENTO, April 10.-The oom
manderiea ol the Kniyhts Templar to
ipatt- in to-morcow's Krand en
campment began to arrive in this city
to-night. The visitors were received
at th< depot with a brass hand and
■.--d to the Masonic headquarters,
sigh! \\ 1 1 i . ■ 1 1 confronted them as
th-'y . ;,rnl Masonic Hall was one
h will live in their memories. The
hall was one blaze of electricity. No
less than 2000 incandescent electric
had been used to trace the out
of nit great building, and to de
-Ihi borders of each of the scores
<•!" large windows. I,ike colored stream
ers from a Maypole, ropes strung with i
vari-colored lUhts reached From the]
to the lour corners
of th The front of tin build-
Ing presented an immense representa
; lion of the insignia of the order, traced
in electric lichts, and centered by a !
St. Andrew's cross in tlnshine red. '
rneath was a flag, also formed of
lUh 1 - . : c visitors could not rn
-1 the beau
rical display. The flood
of Illumination heightened the effect of j
i!v draperies, which make the Temple
much admired by daylight.
'■■~\a the Los Angelee delegation
arrived, sßcortlng Grand Master R. W.
Diegq, who will n vi( .
to-morrow's parade. The Stockton and
I : •
PLAINT OF THE
PORTO RICANS
Now Want to Run Their
Own Island.
Btx ia! Dispatch to The CalL
i Headquarters, Wt Ilington Hotel,
Washington, April 19.
Dr. Julio Hi M audla
nted to the 1 'r. eldent a
memorial drawn up by them as Commis-
Poi to Rico asking
that exclusive mlliti over the
i be withdrawn and that matters
ng to the various bram
civil governmei I land i"" 1 turned
trol of the departments In
Washington having Jurisdiction over simi
lar matters In the United Bta es; that the
troops in the island be reduced to the
number necesearj to garrison the forts
militarj posts; that the pc iple I
b bi granted ;.l! the privileges and
Immunities of citizens of the United
- : that ihf people ol nd be
ted a territorial form rnment
rarily or executive authority be
::; a couni 11 consisting of two
members from each of the departments
id; that a census be tak<
that Congress can Intelligently
upon a permanent government of the
inland, whether Porto' Rico is to hp ur
zed as a Territory, admitted us a
• in any other way,
and, lastly, that- "in compliance with the
provisions of the United Btatea constitu
tion trade between the United States and
. snail be absolute."
memorial Bays in part:
Under the provisions of the. treaty of peace
which you I : which has
the land, the island
Which hat an area of
iquare miles and a population of nearly
habitants, has been added to the
■i.am of the Unll This
!t were a mere
• tte, without '-'insulting
In the i.-M^-t the wishes of the people ■
Island ixy to all precedents, without
I lltical statu
tn ,. . ■ , the determlnatii
which is left t ■ the good wll
•■ i Btates, and the cession bj
to the United Btat - ■ I
wnet ] t, over the 1 md and the
. co Is for the moment at least
Dsummated. .
Undei »uch circumstances neither the Prest
(f the United States nor the Am
ever object to the Porto Rican
. a manly, highly educated people of the
Caucasian race, feeling apprehensive about the
■ n in which they have been left by the
treaty and hasten to come before you in -
■ t vMi h an ler all
entitled.
: to the proclamation of the treaty of
and the final acceptance by the Inited
:. once made to them by
no action, however Just in principle or
intrinsically meritorious, could have properly
i: being premature. The military
to Rico by the United States
of war and us Bucn It belong
i
fi in the ba " : it now that the
i
. ..: ■ ■ in Porto Rico de Jure as
w,-n as de facto, the moment has arrived for
rto Rican people to give expression to
v. ns any reason, no matter now
strange or unaccountable, not to embrace Porto
ration made by •
n 1 of the act approved by you on April
■ . • . ... - and of right
o light to be free and independent, that rea* n
t. ; jo so far as to declare that the
and ought of right to
be deprived of "the inalienable rights. in-luri
!n(? liberty, life and pursuit of happiness with
which the en ed all men."
LIEUTENANT MITCHELL'S
WILL SENT TO MANILA
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Justice Brad
ley In the Probate Court has issued a
mission in due form to Lieutenant
• el Thomas H. Barr.y, United States
Volunteers, now stationed in Manila, to
depositions of subscribing witnesses
.. will of James Mitchell, deceased.
The U tator was first lieutenant in the
United States Infantry.
While commanding Company F, Four
i mfantry, he was severely wounded
ittle with the insurgents the sth of
last February and died from his wounds
the following day. His will, signed while
at the Presidio, San Francisco, on the
nth of last May, was filed for probate
hero v few days ago. By Its terms Lieu
tenant Mitchell b< queatned his estate to
his wife, Adelia H. Mitchell. His signa
lly four brother ofR-
First Lieutenant William S. Biddle
Jr.. s id Lieutenant P. L. Miles, Sec
ond Lieutenant William A. Burnside and
Lieutenant C. R. Krauskopf. all of the
Fourteenth Infantry. All of these wit
now at or near Manila. It wns
to send the will to the Philip
pln< 11 properly proved. To in
sure v . ■ Its possible i"ss in transit
the Register of Wills had photo-lltho*
graph copies made of the original for re
tention in his offte>. Lieutenant Mitchell
was well known ■ Washington. His es
tate consists of JSiH cash on deposit with
the Rlgga National Bank and three pieces
of r< a here.
Gage's Cousin Gets a Place.
LOS ANGELES, April 19.— 1t developed
to-day that Miss Margaret Eastman, the
now chief deputy In the State Librarian's
office, Is a cousin of Governor Henry T.
Gage. She came out last winter from
Saglnaw. Mich., and since has been a
member of the Gage household. She is
a bright young woman, attractive In ap
pearance and highly accomplished. She
accompanied the Gape family to Sacra
mento when the Governor was inaugu
rated and attended the Inaugural ball.
THE SAN FB AX CISCO CALL. THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
Fresno commanderies also reached the
citj to-night. Eminent Commander
Praser of California Commandery, Ban
Francisco, arrived on one of to-night's
trains to an ange ?"i the appea rs a
his commandery. To-morrow mofning
commanderies will reach th" citj from
Placerviile, Nevada City. Chico, Marys
ville, Red Bluff and Colusa. and the
coming of each will bt- in the nature
of a reception, with plenty of music
and other evidence of enthusiasm. It
was announced to-night that there will
f>e very likely a second parade, to oc
cur on Saturday afternoon prior to the
exhibition drill at the pavilion, which
will be participated in by all the com
manderies.
The city is handsomely decorated in
honor of th>' guests of the next three
days. The City Trustees have an
nounced an official half-holiday in or
der to permit the employee of the city
to enjoy the parade, and the nJuniclpal
buildings have all .Been decorated at
the expense of the city to express tlu>
al recognition of the distinction fen
joyed by the capital city in receiving
Ur jiist conclave ever held in the State
outside of S;m Francif o.
It was announced this evening that
among the speakers at to-morrow
night's banquet will be Reuben H.
Lloyd, Dr. Robert M. Powers and John
F. Merrill of San Francisco. E. M. Pres
ton of Nevada City, James A. EToshay
of Los Vngeles and J. C. Campbell of
San Francisi o.
BRYAN'S SECOND
DOLLAR DINNER
Talks to Workingmen of
N aw York.
il Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The second of
the "ono dollar" Bryan dinners that, un
der the auspices of the workingmen, was
held to-night at the Grand Central Pal
ace. The dinner was largely attended,
about 1500 men and women being pres
ent. Back of the speakers, painted on a
large canvas, was the following: "A sys
tem of political economy will yet dawn
which will perform as well a? promise;
which will rain the riches of nature into
the laps Df the starving poor."
Charlotte Perkins Stetson was one of
the speaki
in his bp< ech Colonel Bryan said:
Jefferson was a man of Ideas. We are apply
ing his ideas to-day to the questions which
ar:?e. They would not apply in his day. Thny
have not been applied since h;.s day. I thank
God that I live In a land where pence hath her
victories as well as war. i glory that we live
In a land where every day presents an oppor
tunity for man to show his love of country,
and 1 thank Gud that we live In this generation
where th:? grand .-i principles are presented
that have ever been presented to any generation
since the history of man began. A distinguish
c.l citizen of the nation Fpnke not long ago of
the strenuous life and applied his Idea to a
policy that gives this nation an opportunity
to, go forth with musket and carry its idea
by force to other nations. I thank God that
peace In this country gives an opportunity fvr
all the strenuous life of people. I: we but
begin to apply to our dally conditions the
principles which we all accept, theories which
we can not contradict, there is room enough
for work for several generations yet to come.
The declaration of Independence is condensed
Into a few sentences, the principles which
must ever underlie a form of government like
ours.
My attention was called yesterday to the lan
guage used l>y Abraham Lincoln in the eulogy
of the Declaration of Independence. This is an'
opinion of the present gathering, and 1 want
to contribute to the spirit of the occasion
by quoting what the great Republican said of
the work of the greatest Democrat.
I can turn to the words of Abraham Lincoln
and repeat them as a fit eulogy of the Declar
ation of Independence, because I cannot con
ceive of words that are more beautiful or more
true. He said— how wisely he guessed—
the time might come when some man or party
or Interest might set up the doctrine that only
rich men or only white men or only Anglo-
Saxon white men are entitled to those privi
leges—those blessings enumerated in this chart
of our liberty. And I read these sentences to
you to-night not that ,you shall be compelled
to accept the Declaration of Independence, but
that you may be compelled to. repudiate both
Lincoln and Jefferson when you leave the
Declaration of Independence. Jefferson carved
from the mountains of eternal truth the four
great pillars upon which the American Gov
ernment must rest. All men are created equal
—that they are endowed with equal rights; that
governments are Instituted among men to Be
cure and to preserve those rights and the gov
ernments derive their Just powers from the
consent of the governed.
1 sometimes hear people complain because
husin<-<«s is disturbed by the agitation of public
questions. There is a war to escape It; let us
have a monarchy and then there will be no
disturbance of any kind of business; we can
simply serve and be happy. liut history has
shown that where one or a few think for all
the people and act for the people, they go in
jure all the people, and if we enjoy the rights
of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness,
our life must be a constant warfare against
wrong. Jefferson never uttered a truer saying
that when he declared that confidence Is the
parent of despotism and that free government
exists in Jealousy and not in confidence. If
you elect a public servant and go to sleep, the
danger is that he may become more watchful
of his own Interests than of yours. The faults
of our Government are not in the people but
in those who misrepresent the virtue, the in
telligence and the wishes of the people.
BARTLET T&IPP STARTS
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
WASHINGTON. April 19.— Mr. Bartlet
Trijip, the Vnited States Samoan Com
missioner, left Washington at 10:55 a. m.
to-day for San Francisco, lie is accom
panied by Edward Morgan, his secretary.
Baron Siernberg followed at 3:30 o'clock
for Chicago. Before leaving, Baron
Sternberg had an extended conference
with the German Embassador, going over
all the principal points of the Samoan
issue as presented In the instructions.
Tho meetings here between the American,
British and German Commissioners,
while quite social and informal, have not
been productive of a very amicable set
tlemeni among all concerned. Since the
Commissioners are off, a sense of relief
pervades those diplomatic and official cir
cles which have borne the brunt of the
controversy up to this time. Their chief
anxiety now is to see the commission
away from San Francisco before tho.ro
can be any new turn in the events on the
islands.
Missouri Biver Rising.
OMAHA, April 20.— At midnight the Mis
souri was rising rapidly at Omaha, the
water having come up two feet in the
past twenty-four hours. It Is now a lit
tle over four feet below the danger line
and rushes past the Douglass street bridge
a turbid, swollen current. The water is
reported to have eaten Into the new Illi
nois Central grading between Council
Bluffs and Crescent City. McShane'a
grading camp near -the latter place is ac
cessible from the south only through two
feet of water, which is now running across
to the lake - north of Council' Bluffs. It is
raining to-night In Western lowa and
Eastern Nebraska,
To Cure a Cold in On« Hbv
•7
Take Laxßtive Bromo Quinine TabUts. All
ilrugßlPts refund the money If It falls to cure.
Ho. The genuine has L. B. y. on each tablet.
JOCKEY SLOAN
HAS A GRIEVANCE
One of His Mounts Is
Disqualified.
SDRdal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 19.— Sir J. Miller's
three-year-old bay lilly, Korosko, rid
den by Tod Sloan, won the Copthorn
plate to-day. The betting was 4 to 1
against Korosko.
In the race for the Tadworth plate
Prince SoltykofTs four-year-old chest
nut colt, Ecu dOr, ridden by Sloan,
j finished first, but was disqualified for
I alleged bumping and crossing. The
I rare was given to the second horse, H.
B. Mansfield's chestnut filly Wylam.
The Ci;y and Suburban handicap was
won by W. Cooper's six-year-old chest
nui horse, New Haven 11.
This evening Sloan expressed the
j opinion that he had been unfairly treat
! Ed in having: been disqualified, and said
j that he intended to consult his friends
regarding the course he oujjht to fol
' low.
•-
TWELVE INNING GAME
RESULTED IN A TIE
NATIONAL L.EAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Fct.
Pt. Louis 2 0 1000 Boston 2 2 .500
I'hll.-idelphia. 4 1 .800 Louisville ... 1 2 .333
Chicago 4 1 .800 Pi.tttburg ... 1 2 .333
Baltimore ... 3 l .760 New fort 1 3 .260
Brooklyn .... 2 2 .600 Washington.. 1 4 .200
: nati ..2 2 .500 riei eland ... 0 2 .000
CINCINNATI, 0., April 19.— A balk by Breit
ensteln in the sixth inning gave the Pirates two
runs. The locals tied the score In the same
Inn tig, and neither .side stored after that. The
game ■was called at the end of the twelfth
inning on account of darkness. Attendance,
- lore:
clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 6 1
Plttsburg 3 12
Batteries — Breltensteln and Peltz: Leever and
Bowerman. Umpires Bwartwood and Warner.
LTISVILLE, Ky., April 19.— Woods was a
to the Orphans until the eighth Inning,
when they woke up and batted out a victory.
Attendance, I*oo. Score:
dubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 3 11 0
Chicago 8 13 0
teries -Woods and Klttrldpe; Griffith,
an and Donahue. Umpires— Bums and
Smith.
BAIiTIMORB, April 10.— Doheny's pltehlnK
was Unsolvahle to the Oriole batsmen to-day
and o shut out resulted. New Y..rk again played
ii ball In the Beld, and while Bfil
lt-r * pitching would have won an ordinary
game, the visitors were too fast at all points
for the locals. Attendance 1466. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Baltimore 0 6 2
New York 6 9 0
Batteries Miller and Robinson; n-iheny and
Warner. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Philadelphia had
a walk-over t -day. The Senators evidently are
outclassed by the other league teams, especially
in battrag. The piti hlng at Klllen and Imnkle
v is wholly ineffertlve against the visitors.
Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Washington 2 3 2
lelphla 16 21 2
Batteries— Klllen, Imnkle and McGuire:
I McFarland. Umpires— Emslle and
Betts.
BOSTON, April 19.- The season In this city
wns pened tbla afternoon when the Champions
met the new Brooklyn Club and shut them out
for the second time since the season opened.
The visitors were utterly helpless before Nich
ols and only once did a Brooklyn man reach
third OwinW to the Immense number of spec
tators who encircled the field the ground rules
were enforced. Attendance, 12,000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 2 » ?
Bo?ton • i " .; 1
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen: Kennedy, M -
Farland and Smith. Umpires— Gaflncy and
Andrews.
FjtCES AT THE EAST.
NEW YORK, April 19.— Results at Aque
duct;
Five and a half furlongs, selling, Prince
of Wales won, Village Pride second,
Camotop third. Time, 1:09.
Four .and a half furlongs, Garterless
won, Modrine second, Kitchener third.
Time, : 55 1-5. .= /
Five furlongs, Nautch Girl won. Satin
Slipper second. Lady Ellerslle third. Time,
About seven furlongs, Boney Boy won,
Kinnikinnick second, Tamor third. Time,
1:26.
Four and a half furlongs, Shoreham won,
Big Gun second, Bombay third. Time,
■;,>; 1-5.
About seven furlongs, selling, Rare Per
fume won, Tyran second, Egbart third.
Time, 1:26 4-5.
MEMPHIS, Term., April 19.— The weath
er was warm and the track fast at Mont
gomery Park to-day. Results: "
Five furlongs, Kentucky won, Trladitza
second. Lamplighted third. Time, 1:06%.
Six furlongs, selling, Moroni won, Bor
den second, Tom Kingsley third. Time,
1:16*4.
Seven furlongs, selling. Sir Blaze won.
Jimp second. Free Hand third. Time,
1:31%.
Mile and a sixteenth, handicap. Crocket
won, Branch second, Clay Pointer third.
Time, 1:49%. .-• . ; ,\- ■ -v :
Mile and an eighth, over four hurdles,
Florida Rose won, Bellamy second. Red
Duchess third. Time, 2:06%.
Six furlongs, selling, Braw Lad won.
Our Nellie second, Dc-bride third. Time,
1:16.
CINCINNATI, April 19.— Results at
Newport:
One mile, selling, Albert S won. Miss Al
Farrow second, Farondell third. Time,
1:42%.
Four furlongs, Bettle. R ■ won. Cheese
Straw second, Honeymoon third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling, Dolly 'Welthoff
•won. Bertha Nell second, Bister Jane
third, Time, 1:18%.
Mile and an eighth, selling, Kriss Krin
gle won. Isabcy second, Henry Launt
third. Time, 1:54%.
Four and a half furlongs. Highland Lnd
won. John Grigsby second. Dr. Amburg
third. Time, :55i..
One mile, selling, Tranby won, Ray II
second, Victorlne third. Time, VAlfa.
STANFORD'S TRACK TEAM.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 19.—
The team which will represent Stanford
in the Intercollegiate field day, to be held
at Berkeley on Saturday, was made out
by Captain Everett Smith this afternoon.
The entries are as follows:
110-yard — Cantwell, Harker, Nours«>,
Prall, Stewart.
220-yard Birtch, Cantwell, : Dlgrgles,
Prall, Stewart.
yard Blrtch, Boroughs, A. H. Rice,
Smith.
Half mile run— Adams, Birtch, Morris, Smith,
Strout, Williams. ■•
Mille run— Barker, Morris, Smith, Williams.
Mile walk— Jones, Tousley.
120-yard hurdles — Bowman, Culver, Strout,
Symonds.
120-yard hurdles— Murphy, Strout, 6y
monds.
Hammer throw — Cairns, Hopper.
Shot-put— Cairns, Hopper, E. W. Rice, Nut
ter \
High* Jump— Bennett, Boyd, Dole, Murphy.
Broad Jump— Culver, Dole, Fisher, Hopper,
Symonds.
Pole vault— Culver, Dole, Fisher, Mur
phy. ■■■ lliliiiiii
Nancy Hanks Has a Foal.
BOSTON, April 19.-The Journal will
say to-morrow that Nancy Hankß. 2:04,
has a foal by Meddler, the well-known
thoroughbred. The foal la a fllly.
Alaskan Bates Advanced.
VANCOUVER, H. C. April 19.-The
Alaska Steamship Association, which met
here to-day, decided to make a change in
rates. <m May l second-< Mass passenger
rates from Puget Sound and British Co
lumbian points to Skaguay will be ad
vanced $2 50. The rate on cattle will also
be advanced 12 60 per head.
Ends Life With Poison.
PORTLAND, April 19.-Mrs. John Mur
phy committed suicide at Mullan this
evening by taking morphine. She had
been separated from her husband for
some time.
HUMAN BUZZARDS
HAUNT THE DYING
Los Angeles Undertakers iQVade
SicK Rooms in Quest
of Profits.
• LOS ANGELES, April 19.— The rapacity of rival undertakers that •
8 strive like ghouls for the profits to be derived from the handling of life- O
0 less bodies of tourists is again in evidence here. Nearly all leading un- £
28 dertakers in this city employ men who regularly canvass transient and 8$
8 tourist hotels, apartment ho-uses, hospitals and private boarding-houses' &
g< for cases of unfortunate persons who Boon must die and who are known £j
§g to possess means, either by themselves ur through relatives why will S?
« guarantee a fat fee for embalming and shipping. '\
Some days ago J. I). Brooks of Fittsburg. Eh., who is thought to be
dying of consumption at the Milton apartments, was attacked by hem- j*
orrhage. Friends of the patient, quietly arranged with an undertaking £>
£3 firm t<r take full charge of the remains Should their services be required, gj
rt A "capper" for a rival concern discovered this and attempted by per- Q
SS suasion and offers of handsome commissions t" obtain the "case." S?
£► Brooks, who was for fifteen years chief clerk in the city office of the w
is Carnegie Steel Works and lost his health two years ago, has been pen- Stf
H sioned at $5000 a year. His standing makes him an object of solicitude *•
g on the part of the undertakers that daily parade their solicitors in the rt
ij block where the dying man is being nursed. 88
COUNTERFEITERS
RUN TO EARTH
Secret Service Men Make
a Big Haul.
Special r>ispatrh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Probably the
most important capture In the history of
the Secret Service was made yesterday
in Philadelphia by Chief John F. TVilkie
and his men when they arrested Arthur
Taylor and Baldwin S. Bredell, the mak
ers of the famous counterfeit "Monroe
head" $10U silver certilicate. These ar
rests were followed to-day by the cap
ture in Lancaster, I'a., of William M. Ja
cobs and William li. Kendig, prominent
cigar manufacturers, and James Burns,
who was in Jacobs' employ.
There were also captured the original
plate from which the silver certificates
were printed, a new hundred-dollar coun
terfeit plate and a new (50 plate, three
sets of plates for the printing of counter
feit revenue stamps, rolls, other para
phernalia, about five tons of paper and a
larse amount of counterfeit stamps. The
"Monroe head" plate and also the stamp
plates and the other materials were" found
in Lancaster, where the printing was
done. The plates for the new hundred
dollar note and the SCO note were found
in Philadelphia. The officials have taken
possession of the factories of the cigar
makers and have- attached their bank ac
count.
Taylor and Bredell, it is said, were cap
tured while actually at work on the new
plates. They are young men, who were
employed In Philadelphia by different
firms, but some time ago started in busi
ness for themselves. They arc said to be
expert engravers, and never before have
they been under suspicion. They are said
to have confessed to-day that less than
(10,000 cf the famous notes were put into
circulation.
The Bilver certificate, which was first
discovered a year ago last fail by an offi
cial of the sub-treasury at Philadelphia,
was probably the most dangerous coun
terfeit ever put into circulation, and
even the experts of the Government i'or
a long time were undecided as to whether
the note was genuine or counterfeit.
After a most careful search, however, a
distinguishing mark was discovered
which enabled the officials readily to dis
tinguish the genuine from the spurious.
Set-idai \ GagQ recognized the danger
of this new note and at once called in the
entire issue of many millions of dollars.
This prompt action balked the counter
feiters at the very beginning. u£ the
hundred notes which were issued only
about twenty-six have been discovered.
Plans were set on foot to apprehend
the counterfeiters, and Mr. Wiikie, a
newspaper man of Chicago, who was
known to have done some very clever
detective work, was sent for and placed
in charge of the Secret Service bureau.
He immediately laid his plans, and on
February 1, 1888, found the clew which
resulted in yesterday's and to-da.y"s im
portant captures.
PHILADELPHIA, April 19.— A sensa
tional arrest was made in this city to
night in connection with the capture of
the counterfeiting gang. Harvey K.
Newitt, who was Assistant United States
Attorney in this city during the adminis
tration of President Harrison, was taken
into custody by secret service men on a
warrant sworn out by Chief Wiikie,
charging him with bribing Detective Mc-
Manus of the Philadelphia office. He was
given a private hearing before United
States Commissioner Edmunds and held
In 116,000 bail, which was furnished by a
wealthy friend. It was shown that at the
hearing on March 6 Newitt gave Mc-
Manua $500 as a bribe and on March 28
$500 more. This money was turned over
to Mr. "WHkie as soon as it was received.
According to the story told by one of the
officers, Kendlg of Lancaster suspected
early this year that he and his confed
erates were* being yratched by secret serv
ice men in Lancaster, lie came to this
city and engaged Newitt as a go-between
to bribe Officers Burns and McManus,
who were working on the case. Burns
was not approached, but Newitt saw Mc-
Manus and the latter agreed to accept
the bribe. All of the meetings between
Newitt and McManus were witnessed by
members of Mr. WilkJe's force, and the
evidence against him is said to be most
positive.
Newitt is well connected and has prac
ticed law here since retiring from tha
United States District Attorney's office.
He has also been prominent in politics
and was agreed on as the candidate of
the anti-administration faction of the Re
publican party in this city last year for
Receiver of Taxes. He had been put up in
the field by the factional opponents of
David Martin, who had captured the con
vention and nominated his brother-in-law,
"W J Roney, for the office. Before elec
tion day, however, a temporary truce was
patched up, and Newitt was withdrawn.
It is stated here to-night that enough
counterfeit stamps were captured by the
detectives in Lancaster to cover 440,000.000
cigars Ac near as can bo learned, about
$140 000 worth of bogus stamps have been
used on cigars thus far sent out from
Lancaster. ____________
OXNARD BEET SUGAR
FACTORY TRANSFERRED
VENTURA, April 19.— The Oxnard beet
sugar factory at Oxnard has been trans
ferred by the Pacific Beet Sugar Com pan y
to the American Beet Sugar Company.
Toland & Andrews, attorneys for the Ox
nards, this afternoon filed with the Coun
ty Recorder a deed whereby the former
company conveys to the latter the sugar
factory, the 100-acre site and 3000 acres of
farming land near Hueneme. Two thou
sand acres of this tract are planted to
beets. The deed bears twenty-eight {50
revenue stamps, or a total of $1400. which
represents a consideration of $1,400,000.
This step Is one of the most important
In the consolidation of the four Oxnard
factories. The American Beet Sugar Com
pany, recently organized in New York
with a capital stock of $20,000,000, now
owns the factories at Norfolk and Grand
Island, Neb., besides the 750-ton factory
at Chino and the 2000-lon factory at Ox
nard, just conveyed. This is the largest
transaction ever made in this county.
Vitrriol Thrown Into Her Face.
WALLACE, Idaho, April 19.— Helen
Smith, a colored servant girl, was at
tacked to-night by a man who threatened
to kill her and who threw vitriol in her
face. She threw up her hands, thus sav
ing her eyes, but her hands and. face
were terribly burned. She says her as
sailant was fins Smith, a colored man
living at Wardner. The officers cannot
find Smith.
. ♦ '■ —
FRANKIE STRONG'S SUIT
FOR A SEPARATION
LOS ANGELAS, April 19.— Judge Allen
will have the pleasure of closing the ro
mance of pretty Frankie Strong, the op
ingrer. Her suit for a divorce against
Frank dance, a son of Captain Hance,
the City clerk, was continued, the date
to be reset, for the reason that neither
principal put in an appearance. The
plaintiff !s singing in San Francisco, and
the defendant Is In Chicago.
Mrs. Hance made her professional debut
in U..S Angeles as a churns girl in Ki
ralfy"s outdoor production of "Faust."
and found she had talent. Afterward she
sang in a stock company at the Los An
geles Theater. The troupe was poor, but
| Miss Strong, as she is professionally
[ known, scored ;t neat hit. She went to
San Francisco, and is said to be meeting
i much success.
Her petition for a decree rests on the
ground i if desertion. At first there were
(it her causes of action. It is Understood
tli" husband does nut intend to combat
the desertion charge, but will fight any
other allegations.
FRESNO DEFAULTER
SEEN AT VENTURA
VENTURA, April 19.— Shanklin, the de
faulting City Clerk of Fresno, was seen
and recognized here this afternoon by
Bert Starkweather, in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
Starkweather resided in Fresno up to a
year ago, and Shanklin is well known by
him. He called the fugitive by name,
but the fellow denied he was Shanklin.
The Sheriff was notified and officers have
searching for him. but as yet they
have nut apprehended him. Evidently he
decamped in a hurry. A reward of $250
is offered for his arrest by the city of
Fresno.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, April 19.-The Post
master General to-day made an order
establishing a free delivery service at
Vallejo, Cal., with four letter carriers and
mi. substitute carrier, service to com
mence on September l.
Army orders— By direction of the Sec
retary of War, First Lieutenant Charles
G. Dwyer. Third United States Infantry,
will upon his muster out as colonel of
the First Texas Infantry proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general. Department of Cali
fornia, for assignment to duty. First
Lieutenant Charles G. Dwyer, Third
United States Infantry, win upon report
ing to the commanding general, Depart
ment of California, for assignment to
duty, be by him ordered to proceed
to join his regiment in the Philippine Isl
ands.
Pensions : Calif ornia— Original — Thomas
J. Riley, San Jose. $8; Benjamin H. Foltz,
Pasadena, SS. Increase— Michael A. Mul
cahy, San Francisco. $6 to $8.
■Washington— lncrease— Samuel Hanson,
Lacenter, $12 to $14.
BOARD OF TRADE BANQUET.
SAN JOSE, April 19.— Prominent busi
ness men and citizens laid aside business
cares this evening and attended the third
annual banquet of the Board of Trade at
the St. James Hotel. Two hundred plates
were laid. For three hours the banquet
ers dined and listened to short speeches, j
Interspersed by selections by the Fifth
Regiment band.
A. C. Darby, president of the board, pre- '
sided. Senator C. M. Shortridge was in
troduced as toastmaster. The following
Were toasts responded to: "Alviso," C. M.
Woosterj "The Debts We Owe," Jackson j
Hatch; "Santa Clara County," R. J.
Langford; "Our Educational Advan
tages," "VV. A. Beasky; "Home Interests,"
J. W. Webster; "Our Success," D \v
Burchard; "What Shall the Harvest Be?"
N. Bowden; "Our Manufacturing Inter
ests," A. Greeninger.
THEOSOPHISTS ADJOURN.
RAX DIEGO, April 19.— The regular an
nual session of the Universal Brother
hood Congress at the site of the school
for the revival of the lost mysteries of
antiquity at Point Loma closed this even
ing after a busy day devoted almost en
tirely to business matters. Affairs of
great importance have arisen requiring
prompt attention and consideration to
meet which a special session will be con
vened on the morning of April 20 and
will continue until Saturday.
The Greek play, "Eumenides," has been
presented to large audiences with a suc
cess beyond expectation. It was more a
sacred ceremony than a dramatic play.
By request it will shortly be given at
San Francisco in one of the large the
aters.
Stricken by Apoplexy.
MARYSVILLE, April 19.— James C.
TTilkina. a farmer of Erie District, was
found dead in bed at the Sherman Hard
ing farm, near Wheatland, last night.
Apoplexy was the cause of death. A
widow and six children survive him. The
funeral will be held to-morrow under the
auspices of the Masons and Workmen
Rostand Not Insane.
LONDON, April 19.— There is no founda
tion in the report that Edmund Rostand,
the French dramatist, author of "Cyrano
do Bergerac," has become mentally de
ranged. On the contrary, he is in excel
lent health and is now engaged in writ-
Ing a new play.
Quinn Gives Bail.
SAN RAFAEL, April 19.— John Qulnn.
the turfman, appeared before Justice
Rodden yesterday and gave bonds In the
sum of $100 on the charge of battery pre
ferred by bill collector J. J. Raver. The
date of the trial has not yet been set.
Pastor Storms Welcomed.
WOODLAND, April 19.-A public recep
tion was tendered to Rev. J. H. Storms
and wife last evening. Mr. Storms was
formerly at Los Angeles, but recently ac
cepted a call from the Baptist church of
this city.
New Officials Seated.
WOODLAND, April 19.— At a meeting of
the City Board of Education last evening
the newly elected members took their
seats. J. J. McConnell, Democrat, was
elected president to succeed Geore-e
Banks, Republican. s
Suicide of an Unknown.
SANTA CRUZ, April 19.— A young man
name unknown, was put off a train at
Leonards this afternoon. He immediately
ran to the bay and jumped in. He was
drowned^
CAMERA AIDS
BLACKMAILERS
Colossal Conspiracy in
New York.
Special nisi'atc-h to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 19.— A colossal
blackmail conspiracy has been dis
closed in this city. Seven prominent
millionaire citizens of this city have
been victims, it is said, and while Dis
trict Attorney Gardiner will Tint discuss
the conspiracy in detail he admits the
existence of the plot and that promi
nent men have been dupes of the con
spirators.
The plot includes the use of a camera
as an agent of blackmail, and it is said
one well-known philanthropist, fearful
of exposure, gave up more than JIOO.OW.
When the evidence is complete it will
be presented to the Grand Jury, though
every effort is being made to keep
secret the names of the men who have
suffered at the hands of the conspira
tors.
To Anthony Comstock and hi* agents
is due the credit of unearthing the plot.
One of the victims told of his >-\p<vi- ,
ence to the head of the Societj !• i
Suppression of Vice and Comstock find
ing that the thing: promised big results
put all of his force at work upon it.
The results were startling, especially so
when the personality of some of the
victims became known.
The blackmailers were both men and
women. There were more women than
men concerned in th>: operations. They
hired handsome apartments, selected
and lighted solely with a view of get
tine a good focus for the camera,
which was skillfully concealed and
operated from an adjoining r
The victims were lured to the apart
ments, when photographs were taken.
The victims, when confronted with
these photos, have willingly paid to
have them destroyed.
Encampment of Veterans.
SANTA CRUZ, April 19.— A committee
of the Central California Veterans' As
sociation to-day selected a site near the
beach for the* six weeks' encampment
during the summer. The association in
cludes veterans of San Francisco, Ala
meda, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Santa
Cruz and San Benito counties. Including
their families, about 600 persons will tie in
camp. __^____^____
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I I
No man has a'^ ]\ JftSp^/Jr'
right to marry a ' "^IE?
woman and make j^4»m£^ -vJSrV**.
her his nurse dur- '■>^9^Tf^'OSm^ UkfimSJQ
ing long- years i» <) ?;■ '$ y S) -y (j^_
of continued ill- ' i /3t-i^x&r&Trsvaez>a&*£!>
health. A sick -%^EMJii Jfitpia
i man cannot be a *i£S??gff%3^s^£g *?
good husband, a — • T o^.^^'j^B
• good provider, a r s =sl^__ **
! successful busi-
ness man or a useful citizen; a man had
better be dead and done with it than to be a
! life-long: invalid, a nuisance to everybody
and especially to the woman whom he has
vowed to love, honor and protect.
The trouble with the average man is that
he has not the least conception of the
causes of ill-health or the right way to go
about remedying them. A little indigestion
or biliousness in themselves are not serious
complaints, but if negleted they may de-
velop into almost any disease in the medi-
cal books. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery cures many serious diseases by
promptly removing the causes. It braces
up the weak and impaired stomach and
restores the appetite. It invigorates the
liver and all the secretory glands. It facili-
tates the flow of digestive juices. It makes
the assimilation of the life-giving elements
of the food absolutely perfect, and thus
enriches the blood. Disease germs are
scavengers, and will not enter healthy blood
or tissue. They must have the inert tis-
sues of disease upon which to feed. The
Golden Medical Discovery, " by enrichen-
ing the blood, tears down old and inert
tissues and builds up new and healthy
ones. It wards off consumption and cures,
bronchial and thToat affections which, if
neglected, lead up to consumption. All
medicine dealers sell the "Discovery."
" Eight years ago my husband coughed all the
time, writes Mrs. M. J. Tedder, of Ellington.
Reynolds Co., Mo. "Just as soon as he had fin-
ished a meal he would throw up. He was get-
ting- very weak. He took half a dozen bottles
of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and
the 'Pleasant Pellets,' and says he feel* better
and stronger than ever before and weighs more.
Everyone said he had consumption."
Ladies and Gentlemen,
A Everywhere,
speak in highest terms of
L|j that wonderful tonic and
dbBA health promoter —
lUJJjB stw3 It tones up the system
and quiets that
Ir^sll i^f nervous feeling.
LSSk gy Ask it of your druggist
f^jggypP State clearly —
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE *
and accept no other. Remember it is a
non-intoxicant.
Awarded Highest Honors at
Trans-Mississippi and International Exposition,
189 a
Prepared by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE. I. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
STUDEBAKER'S,
§ MARKET AND TENTH STS.
■ ■ -■
JUST RECEIVED-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS,
latest styles, best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we ar*
making greatly reduced prices on a large lino
of Mgh-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-
glea. Beat of repair work on short notice.
CLEANSING, /^
BEAUTIFYING. mm
The grandest combination on 4j«ffV, fir
earth for cleansing, purifying V^SC^^
and beautifying the skin and
complexion is WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and
"WOODBI'RY'S Facial Cream. No scientific
truth was ever more wonderful than the result*
accomplished by their uag In the toilet and
b*th. Bold ey«rxwhert, - — — —ALL SALINAS EAGER TO GREET THE NATIVES
S— The delegates
- Native Sons
»t, will not only
eption by
but they
■. -. • ■ •• • ' ome by
t Native Sons
-hters
CALIFORNIANS IN
THE FROZEN NORTH
Those Who Have Won
and Lost in the
Klondike.
An Interesting Record of the Lives
of the Men Who Went Out
to Seek for Gold.
BY SAM W. WALL.
■ ... ■ . ■- .
DA"vT?OX, March —I give you here a ,
line or two about some San Franciscans j
or CaliforrJans whom I have met or -whose !
friends I have met. saying what they have j
been d<Mn«r. of what success '.hey have j
had. if aj.y, and whatsoever 111. luck, if j
such has been their chance, and I have j
come to the knowledge of It. Of the en- i
thuslastic crowd that left San Francisco
or. the Excelsior the first to leave after
The his news of the gold f.nd here came I
cut; I have mentioned every one, who re- I
.s.ms in the country ami whom I know.
R< a) success has come to a comparative- j
ly tew of the San Franciscans and Call- ;
forhiaxu here, but all are still hoping and !
•orkirsr, keeping up what is a bigger <
struggle than they knew of before they )
entered this big river. Here is the per
sonal record jotted down without regard
to order:
HERBERT L. SCHMITZ. lately employed in
the business office ot The Call, arrived last fall.
and with his brother ha* been very much alert'
They have secured a claim on Gold Run in a
good location, upen which they are working j
••H»rb" came in with the California and North
west Trading Company outfit (since broken) !
and stopped at Eagle City, where he also ac- j
quired s.,me interest.
ROY M. PIKE, who was with C. A. Cooper I
£.- Co.. t^iin Francisco, who came In in 1557. was !
for a time in charge of the Alaska Commercial j
Company's post at Forty-mile, now occupies a
responsible position in Captain Hanson's of- '
flee. Thomas Pike, his brother, who was In |
Hitchcock's (Union Pacific) office, San Fran
cisco, is In business at Forty-mile.
O. 'Lomax, William Hays, W-iber Still. B.
D Morrlll. Al Cain. William Manning Wil
liam Taylor. Harry Freitlg and W. S. Mc-
Gough are members of the California colony.
Bonn cf whom. In fact it may be said that all
of them, are doinjr neither better nor worse
than they <iid cuts We.
JOHN RAAP of Martinez held the position
cf warehouseman for the Alaska. Commercial
CcTr.par.y here and was one of the most popu
lar men in the company" • service. He la now
giving his enUre attention to his mining; and
RECEPTION COMMITTEE OF THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF SALINAS.
in particular. The "Native Daughters,
since the idea of having the Grand Par
lor meet here was first broached, have
been putting forth their every endeavor
by co-operating with the Native
to make this session eclipse all f
ones. Aleli Parlor has nil
members, each of -whom is a
other Interests. Mr. Raap was married a short
time ago to Mrs. John?, who was n passenger
on the Excelsior from San Francisco, in Juiy.
1597. and was or.c of the three women who j
reached their destination here th.it year, com
ing up on the FW.a after the Hamilton had j
failed to jet through the flats and navigation
was thought to have closed. Otto Raap. broth
er of John, reached here a few days a.K''; com
ing in frc-m over the ice. Alfred Raap.
another brother, has beer, working on a claim
on Dominion.
DAVID FARD of Santa Rr>«a has a good
claim on Bonanza and a lay oa Sulphur and a
creek claim en Toronto Creek.
M. STANSBERRY of Santa Rosa is working
a lay on Bonanza near the mouth of llouliier
Creek. Mrs. Stansberry !« with her husband.
•JOHN-VY" B. DOHERTY is one of the first
Excelsior crowd who has been fortunate. Upon
arrival here he was engaged to keep th« books
of McDonald & Morrison, the firm which stands
at the head of the mining operators of this
country, the McDonald of the firm being popu
larly known a» "Big Alex." Both- McDonald
and Morrison are now In London engineering a
big deal, and Doherty Is the sole representative
here, being entrusted with all the big affairs of
the bit: concern. He is proving equal to the
trust, Dcberty was in the dry goods business
at Liver-more and his folks reside there still.
Hugh Roherty, John's brother. Is also here do
ing well.
JACK VER MKHR. late with the California
Safe Deposit Company. la keeping books for the
Alaska Commercial Company.
MRS. A ADCOCK, who for twenty years
kept a millinery store on Kearny street, suf
fered a loss of ten thousand dollars by a water
front .re a few days ago. Mrs. Adcock. with
her husband, came in by way of Dyea and the
upper river in the fall of 1597. She • ned a
restaurant last spring and was successful with
It. but sold it to otxn a store for the sale of
moccasins, parkeys, robes and such things more
akin to her line. The day after the sale of the
restaurant it was destroyed by fire, the pur
chaser losing everything. Mrs. Ato k > new
store wa» the most pretentious one en the wa
ter side of Front streef. being two- stories in
height. In it she had housed her entire mov
able earthly possessions. She was* awakened
from sleep by the cry of fire and made her es
cape, but did* not save even her clothe*. She is
•topping at the Melbourne Hotel now and is
suffering great distress because of her loss.
She has a number of talair-c Interests.
THE SA^T FBANCISCO CALL. THUESBAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
caged In furthering the arrangements
the Grand Par i • ptioo. A
reception committed has been appolnt
par-
They have the wort rtain
in hand, and all of the
members are doing what they can to
HAROLD WARD, formerly in the Insurance
business in San Francisco, is reported to be
working a lay on Manook Creek. He came In
in the fall of 1897.
GEORGE L. FISH, formerly of Phelan &
Fish of Oakland, with his wife, conducts a very
good store on Front street, corner of Thirl.
His store and the stock he had in it were com
pletely destroyed by fire a few weeks ago.
Within eight days he was in a new building
on the Fame location.
LEW B. CLARK. Morced County, who distin
guished himself an Judge on board the Excel
sior in the famous trial of A. M. Pope (charged
with knowing it ill) Is working ji claim which.
■with his brother Sam. he staked last year. They
worked a lay on Bonanza last winter that
netted them (food ray.
JOSEPH B. DYER, formerly a. member of the
San Francisco Stock Exchange Board, located
an excellent claim on Chicken Creek, In the
Forty-mile district. His mine is being worked
on lays, rant forty men being employed, and
be expects to clean ip from JIU.OOO to J30.000.
CHARLES HALL, brother of George Hall,
Consul for Turkey at San Francisco, is a;ent
for the Alaska Commercial Company af'San
Francisco. He !s Interested in a nun.: of
good mining properties.
GEORGE E. WILCOX. whose wife Is here
with him. Is part owner of a rich claim on Gold
Run.
MRS. BESSIE THOMAS, who was one of the
belles on. that now famous trip of the Excel
sior, and who was one of three women of that
crowd who reached here that same fall after
many difficulties, Is In Dawson still. She is
keeping house for Colonel Bowie.
FRANK BCHMITZ of San Francisco la min
ing en Dominion. He has acquired some good
property; expects to make a good clean •■:-.- this
summer.
M WRICKEON. mining expert. Is doing we!'..
GEORGE S. WILKINS. San Francisco, came
In last summer and has done remarkably well.
He engaged In logging, was successful. made
considerable hard cash and has secured con
tracts for logs from all the big companies for
next year. ■ ■
MRS A. F. MOULTON. who left San Fran
cisco on the Excelsior in lSf»7. and who got no
further U'> th<? river that year than Fort Yu
kon where she spent the winter. Is now j>ro
pr'etre«s of the most popular road house on
Hunker Creek. It is located a nice day jour
ney for a showman from this town, being at
the mouth of Gold Bottom Creek. Mrs. Moul
ton still wears the cheerful spirit that char
acterized and made her popular in Oakland and
cheeretf the otherwise dismal .-amp at Fort
Yukon all last winter. She is doing well.
CHARLEY MEADOWS 'Arizona Charley)
and his wife (the latter known on the stage
as May Melbourne) are said to be doing well.
Mr* Meadows Is from Santa Cruz.
JAMES LADD of California has a "soda
works" and makes money with It.
LEX rOLEMA.V. one of the best known
sporting men of the Pacific Coast, claims to
have made a homestake and is going out in
the spring.
DR. LEROY M. GATES has been very ill all
winter but Is convalescent.
V J WELCH, formerly of Fort Costa, has
several claims of which he Is very hopeful.
F. A KANET. Santa Clara, who was one of
the Excelsior party of .-". who went out and
returned again last summer, Is engaged as
gold weigher at the Tlvolt.
"■'■ A. RYAN, who, while in San Francisco,
was an active and well known newspaper man.
principally engaged with the Chronicle. Is here
In the employ of the Alaska Exploration Com
pany. He has taken to stampeding and the
accumulation of claims like a man wnu In
. tends to make a speedy clean up. He followed
Nigger Jim on that harum-scarum run down
to Coal Creek, and since that has ventured to
the head of Eureka Creek, some sixty rnilrs
In the other direction, over in the Indian River
country. There he drove stakes and has since
' got the claim recorded. They are finding $2
pans near the property. Ryan was with the
first Excelsior party.
i WILLIAM LAVERT. formerly commission
merchant In San Francisco, dealing In grain
chiefly, 1* manager for L.. K. Fulda and the
A. E. Company.
JOHN D. McGILLIVBAT, who came In In
i '87 representing th» New Tork Herald (on*
The Native Daugtitprs will assist in
the welcome i - on Sunday.
They will have headquarters in their
lods-e rooms. They will parade on
Tuesday, and the evening of that same
day the reception to be given at
Armory Hall will be under their aus
iara-
of the Excelsiors*, and who attempted the !
race with The Call man up the river in poling
boats from Fort Yukon, and who, when :!'X>
rr.iies behind was picked up by a steamboat. Is
st'.ll here. He is working a claim un Sulphur I
Creek, said to be a good one, in which he has
a third interest. He Is using a small steam
thawing machine with success. His father, a :
well-konwn mining expert, was here during the I
period that the river was open.
J. C. LEE. who was vtlth the few of the
Excelsior crowd to reach here in '?T, has been
reasonably successful. He worked on a paying
lay .ring the winter and staked In good lo- \
cation.
••DICK" HEATH of Fre«no. one of the Ex
celsior crowd, also reached here in the same !
year in which 'he started. He acquired quite a j
number of interests during the winter of '97.
Latterly he has been in charge of the A. C. i
Company's wood business. At Captain Han- ,
son's instance. It is generally understood here,
he started cut over the ice'a short time since
to go to and say a go-vd word at headquarters
in behalf r>f Captain Hanson, it having been
learned that other persons had already started j
for the same place who mi.rht be expected to
say things not so good. Incidentally he car
ried some of the company requisitions.
F. JACCARD. musical Instrument maker.
his son Victor and L. Jaccard. his nephew, all
of San Francisco, are here. Th^ey are various
ly employed and all have claim? concerning
which they also have hopes. They were all on
the Excelsior In r97.
CHARLES SYLTERIG. blacksmith, of San
Franci«oo, who was one of the Excelsiors, is
still at Circle City, b»yond which point he did
not reach in '97.
JOHN T. FIELD is In Circle, too. He was
In the Excelsior crowd and did not get beyond
the city on the flats.
A. M. POPE of San Francisco left the Ex
celsior at St. Michael with the more eager of
that first crowd, forfeiting his up-river pas
sage with the A. C. Company's boat, to go with
the oppositiin company's boat that left earlier.
He got off at Manock, I believe. At any rate
he came to Dawson the following rpring but
did not remain, returning ■.vn river and up
the llanook, where it is said he has struck a ;
good lead.
GEORGE F. BEMI?, watchmaker, of Fan
ger. «1.. Is at Circle, and has a very, neat •
little Jeweler's place on the front street, and j
has made himself very popular there, is sue- j
cessful, and refuses to be induced to come to '.
the greafr town. He started for Dawson
with i..c Excelsior Ii "57 and did actually
reach here, but on account of the scarcity of ■
provisions returned down th? river, stopped at
Circle and has apparently anchored there. lie j
ha? acquired a number of mining interests.
< WILLIAM A. RANK, formerly o: Oakland,
came Ii in the fall Of '?", representing Willis
Davis ar.d F. W. Van Sicklin and fathers, and
has made investments on Dominion and Sulphur
Creeks with more or less success. Rank Is
I housed and is in certain business relationship
; with Captain Hanson, manager for the Alaska
; Commercial Company. He was on the Excel
: si.ir.
i P. HEITZELIIAN of Los Angeles was one of
: the Excelsiors. He arrived up among the few
on the last boat in '97. He has been active in
looking for good interests, but has. perhaps,
been overcautious and net made much pro
gress in mining. He has made some money,
however, in other speculations, especially that
of the water front.
THOMAS McGOWAN. lawyer, who still has
I his office in the Parrott building, came In last i
j fall, and despite the proscription against :
i American lawyers, finds enough to do to keep
him very busy, and he is making money.
HOWARD TURNER, in charge of the A. C.
Company's post at Circle City, has just got !
in over the ice from the outside, looking a nd j
feeling in fine form. Mr. Turner was for- j
merly with Whitney & Co. of San Francisco.
He came in here In '35 and has had successful
charge of the Circle City post since that time. i
In coming In this time he left ■ Skaguay Feb
-1 ruary 14 and made the run from I'-!ly River. I
ISS miles,' in. four days. He came in with the i
Pat Galvin party— Galvin, Joe Brand, Dan San
i ders and Otto Raap. He will go to Circle at j
I once.
W. R. WHEATON. who has been In charge ;
1 of the Circle City post during Turner's ab- 1
sence. Is from San Francisco, having; come In
. last year. His father is of the firm of Wneaton i
; Breon & Co.
FRED BATE?, postmaster at Circle, is also
from San Francisco. He Is the son of Dr. -
Bates.
" HERMAN WOFFEn. who was In the drug
business in San Francisco, is connected with
the A. C. store at Circle.
EMILE SUTRO. eon of the late ex-Mayor
I Sutro. Is making money at trading upon the i
| shortages of the market. Quite a number of I
| clever men are doing this. They discover what j
tions for the affair, and its success Is
assured.
On parade day Aleli Parlor will un
doubtedly have the prettiest, as well as
the most elaborate float among the
twenty or thirty that will be in line.
Th^ float is 36x4$ feet in dimensions.
The entire base is covered with an
any one merchant Is in need of. for instance. :
and hunt up some other merchant who has a
surplus of this article, buy it and sell to the
merchant who was ahort, making a commission
of about 10 per cent.
H. S. and M. N. MILES are Interested on
Hunker Creek and on some creek in the Forty-
Mile District.
EPH SOWERS has good property on El Do
rado.
CHARLES LAMB has rich interests on El
Dorado.
808 EDGAR is interested on El Dorado and
Dominion.
J. W. ALBRIGHT is making: money by the
practice of law.
CHARLES WOLD has pood property on Last
Chance.
WILSON MIZNER has nearly put In his sec
ond winter here. He has interests on Sulphur.
Dr. William A. M . ••• - spent two months here,
but saw in that time, that he did not want to
stay.
HOWARD SUTHERLAND, formerly editor
of the News Letter, a San Francisco literary
fellow, has been mushing around over the creeks
a great deal this winter. He undertook prac
tical mining early in the season, but struck his
pick Into his foot and was so badly lamed that
he could do nothing more practical than write
verses and Klondike tales, a number, of which
writings have appeared in the local papers. He
has recovered from his hurt lons since, but
will probably go out in the spring. He lives in
a snug cabin on the hillside back of Dawson.
SUTHERLAND MURRAY has one of "Mo-
Donald's lays" on 4 above upper on Dominion,
in a good area.
BEN DAVIS started for Klondike In the first
rush of 1 37. He was frozen in at Circle and
almost became a fad in that then almost de
serted village, so well did he serve to drive
away the blues that beset the little colony of
ice-bound Klondikers wintering there. After
much debating with himself Ben at last decided
to at:-: . to* reach Dawson that winter. A
freighter contracted to carry bis outfit an! Ben
said good-by to the people, and nearly every
man, woman and child— including the Siwashes
— came to see him off and lament his going.
There were a few who did not see the start
because they had kept the appointment so often
before that they refused longer to believe that
he would bo. But Ben started, and they
; 'watched him follow the dogs to 'the bend in
i the slough, where he was lost to sight. The
: next day he arrived back in Circle accompanied
■ by the freighter's dogs, as I remember it. The
'■ freighter had discovered that he had unrier
i taken too much and had thrown some of Ben's
! goods off in the snow, and lien by some subter
fuge got the man to return to town with him.
taking along his dogs. There he issued an
attachment, or something of the kind, seeking
to recover for broken contract. The trial that
shortly followed before United States Commis
sioner Crane will ever be remembered and
quoted in the history of Alaskan Jurisprudence.
Ben lost his suit, but maintained his popu
larity, and shortly after again set out for and
this time reached Dawson In good order. He is
i now serving as cashier for the Alaska Explora
tion Company, has made many friends here
and is doing well, having secured some mining
interests of value.
E. W. RINER of Oakland, formerly engaged
in business as sewer contractor In both San
Francisco and Oakland, came in this year. He
: had taken a look at the country twelve years
ago In company with Hank Banners, and had
■since kept himself posted. He Is active and
| likes the — and especially its prospects. He
; has Interests on Gold Run (which Is Just now
'. the creek that Is ' absorbing everybody's
thoughts and energies) ami Last Chance, be
sides several excellent interests on the Ameri
: can fide, particularly on Dome Creek, in the
Forty-Mile country.
"BILLY" CHENOWETH, well known In Pan
j Francisco, is In charge of the Bodega, a little
j resort of a style and neatness such as would
i cause its proprietor to feel some pride in it If
' they were both on Market street.
1 JAMES W. LOGAN, who was a reporter on
the San Francisco papers a year or so ago. is
now editing the Yukon Sun, owned by W. V.
mervUle & Co., lately from Australia. Logan
started In over the trail in the fall of 1537 with
I his wife. They were caught by the ice at Pelly
; River, and there Mrs. Logan's feet were BO
badly frozen that it was feared she would lose
them. She did not, however, but recovered so
entirely that after several months of suffering
i she was ' able to walk to Dawson over the ice
with her husband. They arrived here about the
first of March. IS9B. Logan went out last sum
mer and returned by boat, bringing their chil
-1 dren. He has t secured Interests in several
j claims In good localities on Quartz and Eureka.
creeks.
I creeks. HART, printer, -who left «, good
RICHARD HART, printer, who left «. good
American flag. At one corner Uncle
Sam, resting on one knee, holds In his
left hand the corner of the flag where
the stars are placed. There- are thirty
stars upon the flag and one blank
space. "Eureka" (a native daughter) is
pointing to this vacant spot on the
country's emblem. She is waited on by
warm job on the Chronicle to come to this
frosty land, has not made his big strike yet,
and It a little disgusted at the outcome. Hart's
partner in the adventure turned back at the
base of the Chilcoot after having packed his
stuff, away up to the scales. It had been a big
job, but the summit, the last great struggle,
was stiil to be gained, and he declined it. Hart
continued on and finally reached Dawson after
many months of hardship. There are three
newspapers and printing shops in Dawson that
altogether employ on an average ten printers.
The census of the printers in town has not
been taken, but they are much too many for
the number of jobs, so that those depending on
them for their homestake have not a brilliant
prospect. Hart is a first-class printer and has
had his little share of the Income of the print
shops, but when the boats begin to ply upon
the Yukon again he will, he declares, t* among
the early up-river passengers.
W. H. SMITH, formerly with the Washington
Red Fine Lumber Company, San Francisco,
was engaged in the wood and logging business
here. He secured a grant of a large tract of
timber land, and. so the story goes, paid {1500
to the officials before he did so. Afterward the
officials made it unpleasant for him. charging
him with some small theft of a few cord 3of
wood, and he saw that ha must go. He went
to Eagle City and joined with Carruthers and
some others in a bier lan scheme which set the
miners against him. and at a meeting they
were ordered out of the country. Knowing of
Smith's unpopularity with the officials here
th»y placed a patrol on the lower river, it is
said, and compelled the three men to come up
thiajway. Hr>re Smith was arrested and held in
prison for three weeks. The three after that
went out. on their way, they said, to Sitka
to secure the claim of which the Eagle City
miners had deprived them.
"CAS" WALSER, son of Dan W. Watt - of
Bakersfleld, has good interests on Gold Run
: and Gold Bottom. Henry Graetz of San Jose
i is associated with him.
i ROBERT GUN of Santa Rosa Is working a
■ lay on Dominion.
X. (CURLEY) CLAICH. Amador County,
staked a bench .-iaim on Gold Run.
HENRY JACKMAN of Humboldt won 18080
at faro a few nights since.
LEE TAYLOR of Ukiah, who was frozen up
at Stewart on his way here last winter, is do
ing reasonably well since he arrived.
L. A. ELODAH of Round Valley, one of the
men whose efforts and testimony brought the
murderers of Jack Llttlefiel . to justice, ar
rived here last summer, but has been bo active
ainr-e then that he has interests in twelve
claims, some of them well located on Bear
Creek, Gold Bottom and Gold Run.
VIRGIL MOORE of Santa Rosa returned to
the country last fall, bringing with him his
wife. They live in a cozy cabin on the hillside
S and are enjoying; great expectations from cer
tain interests Mr. Moore holds on Skookum
Gulch and Toronto Creek. Moore was in here
last winter and went out among the last peo
ple to leave Dawson over the ice. He was in
terested with Charley Meadows and others in
the Klondike News scheme, the illustrated
■ paper published outsije, and containing, be
sides a quantity of descriptive matter of the
country and the mines, write-ups of mining
men and mining properties. The scheme was
I only in a measure successful, for Moore and
I Meadows were dftained on the outside until
• late in the summer, and when they arrived here
! many of those who had been written up had
i gone out, and the notes which they gave in
1 payment for the advertisements could not be
collected.
EMIL PTAT'F. In the insurance business
while in Pan Francisco. Is here of the firm of
Stauf & Zilly. real estate brokers and money
lenders. The firm is prominent In its line. Mr.
I Stauf has been in the country several years
land Is very successful. He is interested here
| and there with Alex McDonald, the biggest
i operator In th" country.
P. HAUSSLER of San Jose came in late in
September. He has been engaged in money
! lending:, tin opportunities •of which business.
as well as the risks, are very great, there be
! ing no legal restraints as to interest, and the
| rate running from 1 to 20 per cent per month.
: As to Mr. Haussier's success. I cannot say
THEODORE AND MRS. SHARFF car also
from San Jose, arriving here In September.
They opened the Deimonico restaurant on
Front street, which is still running and do
ing well.
JUDGE H. B. M. MTM.F.R was a lawyer in
Pan Francisco and is a lawyer still. Americans
i are not allowed to practice !n Canadian courts,
| but Mr. Miller is associated with the Canadian
, firm of Burritt & McKay, which firm Is fa
i miliarly spoken of as being at the head of
I lawyer firms. I told the tone story of Mr. Mil
ker's remarkable misadventures on the way Into
four pae>?3, two native sons and two
native daughters. At the front of the
float are three little girls, representing
Sunshine, Fruit and Flowers, while at
their feet is a large live California bear
and at their back a taller girl carrying
a large sugar beet, emblematic of Sa
linas' chief industry.
. in the fa".l of l s :-7, how hi 3 part
ners turned back at the pass and how he came
■- the outfits with wh'.ch they started, as
well as his own, how he was utterly wrecked
at the canyon, nearly lost his life as well and
arrived in Dawson with only the rather har. i
some BUlt he wofe. He accepted a clerkship
with the Alaska Commercial Company, shortly
became cashier, then attorney — the lines not yet
having been drawn against Air.erlcar.s, as no
regular court had been established. Mr. Miller
:r, the way, lawyer though he be, of filing
complaints concerning his luck. His brother
Will came In last summer and ts now In the
employ of the Alaska Commercial Company.
L. R. FTI.DA, manager of th« Alaska Ex
ploration Company, waj formerly a San Fran
cisco : - bant, and at one time presi
dent of the California Athletic dub. The
Alaska Exploration Company's boats w^re n t
- the early arrivals and Mr. Fulda was
handicapped somewhat by this fact, being '.ate.
in getting Into the field. He has made long
and rapid strides, however, since the day he
was enabled to open : r business, and to-day
the young concern lines up with the two old
companies. Fulda. when hip -■ rea were un
packed, found himself short on butter. He saw
it would never do to attempt to fill orders for
outfits without this essential. Butter was be
ing held at the time by speculators locking to
- b there was really enough in
the market to supply the demand. It was sold
at $1 a pound to the purchasers of complete
- but the pu itter alone had to
pay $: 50 per pound. Without hesitation Fulda
paid that price, and to his patrons who pur
chased a c mplete outl ti $'.. This
• many friei -
FRANK SCHMIT2 and his brother Herbert.
wi:h William Wrlxon, all of Pan Francisco,
have struck good pay on Gold Hill.
LOUIS MEYER of San Francisco is Inter
ested in the Board of Trade saloon and has a
claim In ■ good location on Victoria Gulch.
TOM MALOXEY. Just arrived from St.
Michael by dog team, manager for Pat Gal
vin. the big meat man, was formerly of San
Francisco.
SAM BONNIFIELD. formerly of Santa Rosa,
was one of the few men who got to Dawson
by way of the lower river in the fail of '97.
He poled up from Fort Yukon, which experience
I have referred to before. He has one of the
most popular resorts on Front street and has
several mining interests of value.
E. S. HOLDEN of Santa Rosa is proprietor
of the Monte Carlo Theater. Barthold Dono
van of the same place Is manager for Holden.
JAMES WILSON of Kern County is proprie
tor of the Pioneer club.
DAN AND JAMES GOODMAN of Santa
Rosa have been successfully hunting moose for
the market this winter.
"CHECK"' NOONAN, well known long dis
tance bicycle rider of the Bay City Club, and
his partner. Roscoe Donohue of Santa Rosa,
are working a lay on Bcr.acza.
FRED THOMPSON, whose father is a law
yer in Santa Rosa, is working on Thistle Creek.
WILLIAM V. PERRY, who was barkeeper
at Corbett's, is in charge of the bar at the
Opera House saloon.
JAMES BEASLER. formerly manager of Pat
Calvin's ir.tere?t3 in San Francisco, has charge
of Calvin's syndicates Nos. 1 and 2.
LOUIS MUIR. son of Doctor Muir. has his
mother with him in Dawson.
JAMES HARRISON, formerly with the
Chronicle, is connected with the TtvolJ Theater.
J. Q. ADAMS, son-in-law of the late Federal
Judge Sawyer. Is engaged in mining and real
estate brokerage. He is Interested in proper
ties on Bonanza and Ready Bullion Creeks. He
will superintend the development of Jere
Lynch' s claim on Adams hill.
ED FAIRBANKS, whose folks reside at Pet
aluma an. do business In San Francisco (Fair
banks, Whitney & Co.), is interested with Sam
Pond in Dominion and Eureka Creek proper
ties.
O. B. FULLER, who was the first superin
tendent of the Tread well mine, arrived here
with but little capital, but shortly after suc
ceeded in making a sale of properties for a
sum upward of 1300.000 to the North American
Transportation and Trading Company. His
commission of 10 per cent has since enabled
him to occupy the easy and lucrative position
of a money lender.
JOHN GILSON. who was secretary of the
Judson Manufacturing Company, has been ex
perting the Townsite Company's books for
some time as well as looking after other mat
ters, which makes of hi*>- a busy man from
early ur.til late. Mr. Gllson came In last
spring, and in company with Will Fisher,
opened the first bisr general auction house in
the town. He continued this very successfully
until tha river closed and things began to
quiet down. Before suspending operations here,
however, he began the • erection of a large
building on First avenue, •which was to serve
34
us official warehouse for a large freighting en
terprise. Firo det>t roved the building; ana Mr.
lillnon save UP the plans. Ho hus Rood lnter
»-sU vii •everal of tha crooks, ,
1. U. L.ANGI.BY, formerly traveling nale»
ninn for Hn\M..> Bros., San FranoUco. is in
tha grocery department of the N. A. i. 8 *•
(Vb *tore. Mr. Keller, formerly with Gold
bare, )'.w,«n & Co., li In tho same department,
Hiuno store. ' _ ,
J. 1\ JOURDAN Is proprietor of the nodetra.
■ n<mt little resort on .First; avenue. He mar
ried since he came In. _ _
BAM PON son of ex-Mnyor of Son Fran
cisco U. IX I'ond. has a claim •'" Dominion
Creek, which. thou h not the richest M far na
developed, la Mill rocHl property. Mr. I <>n.l »a»
inier<i(.(*J with L«uri« A<lam». who Ixviune 111.
im.l J'nnd went out with him la*t fall. ' '"'" 1
lia» Just returned.
BENATOU JICHK i.yn-.ii bas a »l« war*
houa« on Second avenue crowded full of flour,
bacon tin.l other thlujTß t.) the value Of man
thuusniKls of AoHxr*. Ills ofiU-e. n little rough
I ianJ iUY(Ur. in which hi* wnrehouiiemen **
•nd Blf*p. adjoins It. Senator Lynch bo»K»t
Hour In iiunntlty when it waa IS in th« fail
and MIU it now In the winter \vh.«n It la ft.
BtWT n» hr» Jinn been ns a mon-luint. he '■ '••""
found time to trnvel up »nd about and study
the crwke nn>l hoe considerable oxcellont prop*
iity He recently purclnu-ed t» bench claim on
A«l»nm hill, now the Juni-tton of Xl DondO
nn.l r.onnnwi t'rveks. for which ha p*W » nno- l
thlmt like »f.0.000. He declarea an intetitiou of
revoTutloniilns mlnlmt hero by trorkiu night
mi.l day with i>touj;j thawen iJuring the mini
mer tiiiie. With thirty or forty men nt work
he thinks lie can exhau»t his SiOxlOrt) feet In
(hat way before October.
\V. P. KDW \' who operated A Ktreet
railway. In ivt'nluma, anil whose wlfo ii> a
daughter of .lu.iite woodworth of that place.
!t In charjfe of the AU»k:i Commercial Con»
p«ny*e warehouses here. He has * claim on
bonanza which he staked himself and believes
1« nil rißht.
COLONKL A. J- BOWIE, mining expert,
came In on the las! boat to arrive tn IS*>7 ixnd
>v.-nt out on one of th.> lust to leave In ISVS.
He recently returned bore, making the trip in
over the tee. Colonel Howie cH-urivl Rood prop
erties on Dominion. Sulphur and Ten-Mile
creeks, and some of them he i« developing,
Mr Bowie represent* James H. Kecne nnd
oth.^r New York cipltajlstn.
ROBERT D. WOODWARD. «on ■■' R. 11.
Woodward of th^ famoua "eardens" of San
Franclaco, ca:r.e in over the, Ice with Colonel
Dowle this winter, nn.l Is now »uiH>rlntendtng
the development of the. colonel's Dominion
t'rwV property.
JOHN S HONXIFIKI.r*. formerly of Knight
.« Donnifleld, well known on the California
race tracks, came In last fall, a victim of the
norton «% Alnska slow Kvit combination that
wrecked the rnt<-rrrlse» of so many who trusted
to them. Bonntfleld, however. dnTl»eii Into an
already tlourlshinK buslneei in connection with
his brother Sam.
■
■ ■
I
■
■«t»
.
• ■ ' -
i
■ - \ . H ORAT.
H MAYOR
I
A. J.
■
■
■
■ .
■
■
■
I JUi'
■
■ ■
■
■
. . .
■
retsfttl crcixs.-ir.or.t at the Columbia, fcr h<> i«
a rood actor r? tr»n. He arrived h«re last
FUtntner accompanltd by hts.wlf». Shortly n'tor
h<" formeJ s r-irtnrr«h!r> with GimurJ (mfmK'r
-
■
■
■
LOS GATOS OIL
LANDS LEASED
Petroleum Beds Will Be
Developed.
Sr*oi*l Tifr-itch to The Call.
I
-
■
■
DEUTZ & CELDERMANN.
AY, FRANCE.
r^4^^&^r (
DEUTZ & CELDERMANN'S
COLD LACK
!• vtthont iS^^ubt the f.ne« I>ry O.as-.rArn«
Iy.port*^ from Frarsoe-. Nc» cv^aolMeur
*hauld fail to try It.
CHARIJS MTrNECKB A CO.,
tc> Asvnta rae'.f.v- i*t.
Xi 4 Sacrasitr.to »treet. S. F.
HURRICANE BROUGHT
DEATH TO HUNDREDS
flwful H avoc Wrought by the
Storm oq the Coast of
QueeQsland.
VANCOUVER, n. C, April 19.— Advices from Australia give full partic
ulars of the terrible hurricane which swept the northeast coast of Queensland
, &rlj In March and in which fourteen white and about 400 colored men were
drowned. Eighty luggers and ptx schooners were wrecked. The damage is
estimated at £100,000. The Channel Island lightship and four men were lost
\ colored man reached shore with two women after swim
ming four days. Many porpoises were found at a height of fifty feet. Stones
to the depth of six Inches and rocks welshing tons
thrown up. Two colored women swam for ten hours with their chll
iln n loaded on their backs, but the children were dead when they landed.
The hetghi Of the storm seems to have been experienced on Flinders and
Melville [Stands, where the s.hooners Sfcgitta, Silvery Wave and Admiral
only one life being saved. A large number of bodies have been
found unburied.
The full extent of the loss will not bs known. The force of the gale
must have been awfr.l, us all trees wero completely stripped of leaves and
branches. Large fishes and a number of boats were thrown up on the cliffs
The beach Is strewn with dead fish and birds.
Btruments give to the petroleum com
pany the right to extract natural gas,
petroleum, asphaltum, minerals, coal
and coal oil and other gaseous and vol
atile substances; also the exclusive
right to Pink and work wells to any
depth desired. For the privilege the
company agrees to pay a royalty of 10
per cent of all Oil or other profits ob
tained. The leases are dated February
17, 1899.
Thi se oil lands are situated in the
Los Gatos Rancho, about a mile north
east of the town of i^h Gatos. The
the lessors and amount of
age are: D. C. Collins and R. C.
McPherson, 174 acres; K. Wing and
wife, 60 acres; W. E, Crossman and W.
S Orvls, >'■• Hayward, 80
:-. \ i". Ford, X acres.
1; baa been known for years that oil
was plentiful In t hat vicinity, but no
been made to develop the
At M>ody Gulch, some distance
c there, oil wells have been operat
for fifteen years. The
oil i? of i ■! the output is
shipped to Sa:: {francisco. Should these
new fields prove a success it will be a
boom to Ban Jose, as with cheap fuel
oleum this place would ho a
site for all kinds of factories.
OWENS MAY NOT
HANG ON FRIDAY
Question as to Hale's
Authority.
Special IMsratch to The Call.
SAN QUEXTIN. April 19.— Whether
George C, Owens shall be hanged is a
question that la causing Warden Hale
a vast amount of worry. The edict Of
the courts is that Owens, the Modesto
wife murderer, shall be executed next
Friday, but an unlooked-for difficulty
has arisen.
In the first plaice Hale'a term as
warden expires to-tnorrow, as his four
\tv\rs ■ ates from April SO, -
and his author it San Q
it Is
expected 1 5l amount
-■--■•: to be of in
n bat to the fai
-
y \\ -11 re
■
-
ut the date set for the • \
day later
■ the
Attorney Griifin of San Francisco,
Owens' lawyer, is known to be at work
in behalf of the condemned man and
may endeavor to stave off the execu
tion on the ground that Hale cannot
Officiate. The warden went to San
Francisco to-day to consult* Attorney
General Ford as regards his authority.
my holdi]
. g bita others
Late until
■
REWARDS FOR
BRAVE CONDUCT
Awards Made by Board
of Brevetsand Medals.
■
WASHINGTON. April 13.— The Board of
Brevets and Medals, consisting of Gen
i rals Theodore Sehwan and H. V. Boyn
ton ar.d lieutenant Colonel Carter, to-day
reported the names of the men to whom
medals of honor were granted for extra
ordinary services and bravery during Una
Spanish war. They are as fohov.-*:
John W. H«ri'.s. captain. Third Cavalry,
who at the mouth of the Manir.iar.l River.
Cuba. July IS, is?*, after two men had bevn
shot down by t~par.ia.nls while transmitting
orders to the er.pine room of the Wander, the
*h»p having beoom* disabled, took the posStioa
held by them and personally transmitted criers,
reiuatntnsr at fc'» l l^** until the »hsj> was out
cf dar.ser.
Ira C Welbom. secornl lieutenant. Ninth In
fasi'.ry. who left h!« shelter and under fin? went
• the aW of a private of his company *tij was
wounded at Saatlairo.
Deajamia F. Jlai\'.an!iy. first lieutenant.
?evcmeenth Infantry: Charle* I>. Roberta, sec
ond lieutenant. Seventeenth Ir.f.ir.try ; Vlysses
C Kus&aK!. serjre*Rt. Company C, Seventeenth
lr>ran:ry; Oscar Enx>k'.r.«. prlvmtt, Compaay C.
Seventeenth Infar.try: Oecrpe B-jrs. private.
Company C. Seventeenth Infantry; Thcrr.&s C.
Graves, private. Company C. Seventeenth In
fantry; Rruri* Wende. corporal, Omr&r.y C,
Seventeenth Ir/antry: »U lor «s!itSr^ryl«hed
ca!iantr>' 'n fr^r.t of llnea at the battle cf El
v."aney, Cuba. July I. ISS>.
AnArew J. Ojrr.rr.irs. out of servie*, formerly
fcTTear.t. Company F, Tenth Infartrr: Charles
\'. Caatre!!. rrtv-ate. Ccmpar.y I^. Ter.th In
fantry; William Kellar. private, Cora;>ar.y F.
Tenth Infar.try; James J. Nash, rrivat*, Cc=a
j-*ry F. Tenth Infantry: Alfred Poland, *er
cpant. Compaar F. Testh Infantry; Frank O.
Kourr.ia. private. Company H. Twenty-f.r«t In
fantry; Vre-orpe N«<e, Corpoial, Company H.
Twersty-ftr»t Infantry; Thoraas IXvherty. cor
pora.!. CoJnpany H. Twenty- Sr»t Infantry:
Thoraa* A. Kelly. Company K. Twfrsty-ftntt In
fantry: John F. IVywan. private, CoratvinT H.
TTrenV-f!-r»t Infantry: H?rr.'.a^ Phltterer,'
jr.ush-i.xrt. Oomj*nj H, Tw-enty-first Infantry:
all for <Si»tlr.r«'«*^e'i bravery in rescuing
■n vundtvl urdor heavy Cre at the batt'.e of
Santiago. July 1. !«?*.
The K>ant also airarvtert IS? c*rti?.(.-ate» pf
tnerit. The»e oertt£i"ate» are for bravery Jn line
of dutr * n<J under fire.
They will be sisned by the Preni.'ent arid
fevretary of 'W.'ar. and the holier* ar« entitle^!
to » per month e\tra p*y as lesjt s> they
rtrnaJn ia the ser^ioe.
VIOLA HORLOCKERS CRIME.
(Officers Quarrel and Sensational ]>*>-
velopments Predicted.
HASTINGS. Xebr.. April 19— Sheriff
Simmering will arrive here with Viola
Horiooker, the allegxxJ poisoner, cither to
morrow or Friday. Ha arrived ax s?hel
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
don, lowa, late to-day and the date' of
his return here depends upon •whether
Miss Horlocker will accompany him with
out requisition papers. The, young woman
has been under strict surveillance since
her attempt to poison herself in order to"
prevent a recurrence of the attempt. The
he; iff and .County Attorney are quarrel
ing over the matter, and Some sensational
revelations are imminent. The chemist at
the State University has analyzed the poi
soned candy and says it contains arsenic
in considerable quantities.
-♦
SPEAKER REED RETICENT.
Declines to Talk of His Expected
Retirement.
NSW YORK, April 19.— When risked
whether he would tender hta resignation
to the House, Mr. Reed said: "I would
rather not talk of that subject. In fact. I
not riven the matter any considera
tion a*
The Speaker declined to talk about his
business transactions or intentions and
was equally reticent as to whether he
: take up his residence In this city
his return from Burope; Where he
Intends to pass the greater part of the
coming summer.
«. —
PROSECUTION OF QUAY.
Closed Unexpectedly After Nine Days
of Expert Testimony.
PHILADELPHIA, April l».—Unexpect
edly to almost every person Inter.
the prosecution In the trial of ex!
snator Quay for conspiracy
d its case to-day after nine days of
■ counsel and testimony largely
• Xpert nature.
THREE WINNERS
PILOTED BU
JOHNNY REIFF
Duke and Wishard
Horses in Form.
STAMINA PROVES A MARVEL.
PAT MORRISSEY DISAPPOINTED
HIS FRIENDS.
Mary Black Won in a Gallop — Joe
Ullnian Did Likewise — Gusto
a Fast T-wo-Year-
Old.
Horses from the stable of Puke &
Wlshard took a very prominent part in
the festivities at Oakland track yester
day. The last three races on the card
fell to the Eastern lirtn, and only a poor
start prevented Catulus from capturing
the two-year-old scramble. Johnny ReiCt,
needless to say. piloted the different win- j
ners. Mary Black and Joe UUxnari were
pronounced favorites, but against Stam
ina 45-2 to 1 was laid. The preceding race
of this last named horse was a very bad ;
one. On April 4 the colt started In a mile
Belling run, finishing fifth, beaten over six
lengths In 1:42. The race was captured by
Wyoming, which was backed off the
boards, and Benaonela. Gauntlet and
Kami also led the Duke & Wishard
entry out. On that occasion his odds
opened at S to 5, receding to 11 to 5. In I
yesterday's event, with six pounds less
weight, the three-year-old stepped the
mile off in 1:40^; finishing out the mile
find a sixteenth in 1:47 ilat, easing up.
This is racing to form, as imported by
seme of our Eastern friends.
Favorites did not have such a gay time
of it during the afternoon, though" three
did manage to score at that. Yaruba
piloted by Glover and 25 to l in the ring.
was the star outsider to win.
Socialist, with Jenkins in the saddle,
ruled an even money choice for the open,
ing sprint, and woo without difficulty
from Brown Prince, a rank outsider.
George Miller came out of retirement and
extensively backed at odds of 2 to I ran
unplaced.
In the bustle and hurry to back Stromo
for the six-furlong selling sprint, Yaruba
was almost entirely overlooked. The big
gelding was always prominent and at the
wire finished over a length in front of
Festoso, als to 1 shot. Stromo was una
ble to get a call.
Tar HIM, with Piggott in the saddle
was looked on as the correct play for the
two-year-Old dash. The IIS pounds seemed
to have a depressing effect on the young
ster, for third was the best he could fin
ish. Jones on Gusto beat the barrier and
was never caught, beating out Catulus
the second choice. 5«-ss than two lengths."
Big thir.es were expected of Pat Mor
rissey. one of five starters in the seven
furlong mn. but he proved a bitter dis
appointment, running last. It was onlv~a
warming up gallop for the favorite, Mary
BiacK. which -■■■•■ in 1~7 flat
with much to spare. Guilder disposed* of
tn £! tlrtn J« Kosormonde for the place
The nr.ie selling affair was just a« easx
for Joe Lllman. The chestnut horse led
from the Jump, striking the wire two
lengths jr. advance of Potent
Carroll's mare. Daisy F. carried the
talent's coin at short odds In the final
mile ar.d a sixteenth run. and was badly
outfoote*!. Maraina made a romp of It
with Los Medanos finishing in second
place.
•— i
Track Notes.
After Tu*sdA\-s race, in which Bena
n:cla was left at the post, the judsres con
cluded yesterday to reinstate Jockey Rinp.
susp*n£ev! some weeks a^o for his Vide on
the geldinp.
Among the lire freight aboard the
steamship Mariposa. which sailed for the
colonies yesterday, was Gilead. that preat
son ot St. Saviour, winner of the sensa
tional four-mile race some years ayo at
the Bay District track. A four-year-old
colt by Salvator. from Ponepal. bred in
England by I^ord Kosebery, will keep him
company on the voyage, both beir.R
■hipped to an Australian buyer.
Topmast will not faco the barrier again
for many a day. While playing in his
■tall yesterday the chestnut horse fell
bfUtty wrenching: one of his shoulders.
Dan l>*r.nison. with his string- of bread
wtr.ners, will leave for Hamilton. Menu,
til-day. t>aa .will reuifoiva tia subla ai
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLANL BACE TRACK, Wednesday, April 19, 1899.—Seventy
fourth day of the winter meeting of the Caliiomia Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES. B. FERGUSON, Starter.
998 FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling;
; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
974 Socialist. 4 10S 1 7 ... 2h 114 ... 13 Jenkins 1 1
761 Brown Prince, 4 108 1 ... 74 6 4 ... 2 6 W. Stewart... 15 40
941 Sleepy Jane, 5 108141 ... '31 2 4 ... 3 1 J. Stewart.... 20 60
969 Crawford, a ill 3 ... 5 1 51 ... 4h {Macklin 10 30
954 Bliss Rucker. 4 Ill; 6 ... 6 4 7 1 : . ... ■:•.'■- 6 1 Penny 50 50
... George Miller, a... .m( 5 ... 4 1 3h ... 6 4 E. Jones 5-2 3-2
912- McPryor, 6 11l g ... 84 8h ... 7h Dlngley 100 30.)
956 Major Cook, a 11110' ... 94 9 4 ... 8 4 Lloyd 8 M
957 Mainbar, 4 103 11 ... lit 113 ... 9 McNichols ... 8 25
984 Bueno. a 11l 13 ... 10 6 13 ... 10 Coburn 60 100
990 Earl Cochran, 6 11112 : ... 12 2 10 2 ... 11 W. Narvaez.. 10 20
?<s Al. 5 ' Hi; 2 ... lh 4 1 ... 12 Ames 10 10
611 Homestake. 6 109 14 ... 13 13 . ... 13 W . See ;15«~60
...» May McCarty, 4.... .109 15 ... 14 14 ... 14 Bassinger .... 10 100
469 Mischief. 4 111, 9 ... 15 15 ... 15 Raymond 50 300
Time— 4. :224: to 4. :«4; last 4. 1:02; short 4, 1:12. Winner, C. Llnd's b. g. by
St. Carlo-Anarchy. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Only a lark for the winner. Crawford should have been closer up. Bliss Rucker pock-
eted most of the Journey. Miller pulled up lame again. Mainbar performed queerly. Al is
.wind-broken. ,r,s-.-.v-_>S7
Scratched— Meadow Lark 111, Schnltz 114, Rio Glenn 108, Jerllderlo 109. !_
1
15
20
10
50
6-2
100
8
8
60
10
10
15
10
50
1
40
60
80
50
3-2
800
30
25
100
20
10
60
100
300
QQQ SECOND RACE— furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
4m.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
888 Yaruba 108! 5
I 81 stoso 112(l0
958 Pompino 109(11
994 Saintly 119 2
944 Nome 1081 6
Ps 6 Racebud 107 8
880 Bonds 11l 3-
-671 San Augustine 109 8
PS6 Gold Baron 109 13
996 Faversham 122112
196 Stone 1 109 4
698 Correct 100114
888 Watoasa 109 15
808 Stromo 10o( 7
986 Anchored 113118
986 Lothian 109( 1
.... 3 4
... 10 1
1 h
6 4
6 4
9 2
— 11 },
... .74
2 1
13
12 1
14
".!! is
8 1
15
4 h
2 h
II
6 1
3 1
7 4
10 1
114
4 h
12 *
13-
-14
15
9 1
16 4
6 4
1 14 Glover |
2 3 Jenkins I
3 14 Gray
4 4 Plggott
I 3 Macklin
6 h Ames
7 8 ißouillier
8 4 W. Bee
9 1 'Basslnger ....
10 1 |J. Murphy....
• 11 iCoburn
12 Klley
13 I Johnson
14 E. Jones (
IE W. Narvaez.'.
16 Thorpe I
20 20
8 15
30 50
• 6 10
10 6
4 5
20 20
15 : ■
80 100
30 50
60 10
15 30
60 100
S-5 2
10 12
8 8
Time— 4, :23; 4. :50; %; 1:16. Winner, H. C. Ahlers' b. g. by imp. Golden Garter-Imp.
Yaranahee.. Good start. Won first three driving.
Yaruba was nicely ridden and had weight off. Festoso Is a determined finisher. Pom-
pin. 1 had a world of speed. Racebud could have won. Stromo won't run from behind.
Scratched— Chelae 107, Sidelong 109, Dunpralse 112. Sweet Cakes 117.
1000 THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $350.
(976) Gusto -• US 3
976 tulus 103 S
(963) Tar Hill 118 3
880 Tanobe' 100 5
880 Glga 102 4
959 Icedrop 113 6
976 Champion Rose 100( 9
976 Tom Sharkey 104.10
... Armistice 1131 1
887 Aborigine lioj 7
1 4
6 1
2 2
3 4
64
4 1
8 1
9 1
10
7 4
:::
1 14 lE. Jones 5
2 r.s J. Reiff 7-5
3 3 'Plggott ....... 7-5
4 h Rasslnger .... 1]
6 2 Jenkins •
6 3 Penny I 12
7 1 (W. Stewart... 80
8 1 W. Narvaez.. 80
9 3 Thorpe I 6
_10 McNichols ... 40
6
3-2
6-5
40
•
30
60
50
25
200
•Coupled with Gusto. .
Time— '-,. :844; 4. :4 C 4 Winner. J. Naglee Burkes br. c. by imp. Brutus-Irish Lass.
Straggling start. Won first three driving. ■■-.. ---.-
Winner beat the gate three open lengths. Catului could have won with an even break.
Tar Hill stopped. •
Scratched— May Gertrude 119.
1(101 FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 8400.
Index. Horse. Ace. Weight.
St.
4m.
4m.
4 m.
.Str.
Fin.
(964) Mary Black. 4 108 3
991 Guilder, 4 10?) 4
933 Rosormonde. 4 102. J
818 Pat Morrlssev. 5 107! 1
255 Kaiser Ludwlg. 6- . .lllj '
1 n
4
2 n'
3 2
1 5
4
- n
3 2
1 6
4
2 1
I 14
1 5
3 4
2 4
4
1 6
2 h
3 4
4
(J. Reiff 1 9-10
M Nichols ... 15 25
Jenkins 5 6
(Thorpe 8-5 S-5
'Penny \ 100 600
•Left.
Time— 4. :13; 4. :354: S. 1:01: 4. 1:87. Winner. Duke * Wishard's b. m. by Imp. Isl-
ington-Songstress. Good start Won easily. Second and third driving.
Mary Black was in grand fettle. Rosormonde and Pi were killed off chasing the win-
ner. Kaiser Ludwlg would do well hooked in an Insane asylum bus.
1002 FirTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
1
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. .St.
4 DO
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
971 Joe Ullman. 5 110* 1
PS2 Potente. 4 106! 2
(906) Eddie Jones. 4.... Ill) 4
974 Horatio. -5 113,3
1 I
2 ;
4 "
3_l
1 l
2 4
4
8 14
1 4
2 1
3 4
4
1 3
2 4
3 1
4
. 12
: h
3 6
4
'J. Reiff i 4-5 3-5
Jenkins | 4 7-2
! Thorpe 5-2 7-2
Macklin | 20 65
Time— 4. :26: 4. :604: 4, 1:154: mile, 1:404- Winner. Duke & Wishard's eh. _ by
Riley-H&ttle Harris. Go< ) .'tart Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ullman ran with his head full of curious figures. Potente shows improvement.
irkrWO SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: three-year-olds and upward; purse.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight : St. S: ' Aim;
4m.
4 m.
Str.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
I Betting.
'Op. CI.
9"3 Stamina. 3 90! 2
953 Lis Medanos, 3 50 ( 3
989 Daisy F. 4 91! 4
994 Frohman. 4 S3! 1
P?7 Tern po. 4 '■ BSj 5
1 1
: h
4 1
3 1
5 .
1 2
- 14
4 1
3 h
5
1 3
' 3
* 24
3 1
5-
-1 4
2 14
35
4 4
_6
1 3
3 8
: n
4 5
5
1 2 'J. Reiff 4 9-2
2 14 Basslnger .... 4 5
3 10 iDevin , 4-5 13-20
4 6' 10 12
5 (Gray ... ... 20 30
Tlnie-1-16. :07: 5-16. :304: 9-16. :554 13-16. 1:21; mile. 1404: 1 l-16m 1:47. Winner
Duke &- Wishard's eh. c. by imp. Great Tom-Endurance. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving.
Stamina suddenly developed into a wonder. He ran too fast for the others
Scratched— Topmast 117. •
the big Da] establishment and ■will later ,
take a hand in the Middle Western game.
Frank Taylor, the widely known and
popular trainer, departed for New York
last evening.
There is liable to be a lawsuit over the j
ownership of the horses Storm Klnsr and
Governor Sheehan. now in the possession
of anil being raced by X. Landsberg. :
Mike Daly, owner of Frohman and other
horses, states that he holds a bona tide
bill of sale for the horses named, made |
out in the name of S. D. Sullivan of Red
Bank. X. J.. and that the bill of sale in
the possession of Landsberg is not a valid
one. Daly has mgde over what Is pur
ported to be a nine bill of sale to
Miller & Blazes and the matter will prob
ably be fought out in the courts.
Frank Eckert cou!d not figure Stamina
and took four $100 bets on the Duke &
Wishard entry. Joe Rose was also hard
bit over the colt's win.
For a horse that was supposed to - have
been broken down over a year ago Joe
V ll man is a wonder. One day in the fall
of IsST. when racing in the Corrigan col
ors, he was started in with a lot of
"crabs ridden by Willie Martin. "Icicle
Bill" cot a strangle hold on him down the
stretch and he finished beyond the I
money. It was then stated that he had j
papier maehe legs, was raced in plaster !
of paris bandages and ail that sort of j
"kibosh." Some of these smart Western
ers must imagine that all their business
is transacted within thf confines of a bur
glar-proof safe and that everybody out I
this way is a "sucker."
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Three and a half furlongs: two
year-olds: maidens.
... "Bogus Bill 113 ... La Berg 110
Cyclone-Xanxa. Brutus-Ledette.
... »Estr> C 113; ... Callina mj
Cyclcr.e-Potente. Captain Al-Leap Year '
... Devereux 11J ...St. Felicite 115 j
Puryear D-Griielda. St. Carlo-Princess Idle.
■ ... May Gertrude... llJi ... Juletto 113 I
El Rio Rey-Sylvia. j Imp. Juiy-Torsitto.
... Surfeit 110 j ... Caneclo 113 i
Bassetlaw-Fiesta. j Eolo-Candid.
•Stable. " ■
Second Race— Three and & half rartooss; two- j
year-olds; maidens.
fßuric IIS ... Jolly Briton no
SantiAso-Alana. I True Briton-Jessie D.
LVuldess U3| ... San Tcmas 113
The ■ Relay. Brutus-Deception.
AbbyJeix L 1»| ... remui 113
Imp. Loyalist-Tillie S.l Ormonde-Santa Crux.
... r-. ■■'•■■ 119] ... Fernet liO
Flarabt-au-Exr*riir.ent. i RJo Bravo-RlHlto.
~~
Thi^i Race— Six furlcnc?; four-year-olds and J
upward; selling-
SW Cardwell i;: ; ?6?Melr. Burr.ham.ls9 !
SSS Baliversa :>» SSI Pohniti 113 j
9» Paul Kruper....in, HI I'r.a Colorado... 10? j
»*) Meadow Lark...l»: STS Ca\"allo 183 i
Fourth Race— Futurity course; two-year-olds; i
the Gebhard Stakes; $?X».
C?To)*Snver Tail 11?! S?9 PS<liU!a m !
«3 Racetto l«!(S<l>Go!den Rale 1~
I &£« Winyalj USi S3J -Miss Vera 103
| "Stable.
Fifth P.*r<^-?tx furlcairs: thr**-r«*r-olda and ;
upward; purse.
«2 Me'.Varth ?• »J PoMsh S3
SST Grady t? ?T4 Nov'.a 1;M
?K Royal Fan ST M 4 Karry Thr>burn. 9*
(SSnnr. Sherr*rd...ir4i S3: Rlafrma«ter .... 96
; <<S Ff^ruary . . . $*'
PiTth Race E - furlongs; selling; thr**-y«*r
olds ar.d upward. • -. s;
»1 - inuta .... -.iV »5 Sly 11?
99? Somla 57; 5*3" Am P&re 135
'■ 9«? Nebula 1« ST« v- -. m
SK Sir Urlaa Vti SSJ Midas 1H
S?t Polka 10; ».»$ Correct !:>}
... B*nro» i:i S?5 Kortoa. ...'. 113 :
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Surfeit. St. Felielte. Jnlctto.
Second RaM-Qraam Abbylelx U Jolly
Prltcn.
Third ■''. Meadow Lark. Cavallci, t*c*
Colorado.
Fourth Rac*— Oolden *~ ■ Silver Ta'.l. Win
yaii.
Fifth Rac*— r>r. Sheppard. Harry Thctsura,
rwltsh.
Sixth Ra^e— Horton. XebuJa. Ahs«.
» ♦ »
Advance* made oa furniture and plan?*, with
or Kitise« r*=.?i tC i. Koonaa. 12U-)l23Mis»ica,
f Jl I What
\\l Do These
Numbers Mean?
IT DOES NOT SIGNIFY BECAUSE A MAN
1 is abie to go to his office -very day, or to
his store every day. that he is in perfect health.
Men and women of sedentary habits are not
proof as:air>et disease any more than are per-
sons who lead more active lives. The man
who sits at his desk ail day lons is just as
likely to contract kidney disease as the man
who wields a hammer or drives a team.
Kidney disease corses on Insidiously, slowly
and surely, and. oftentimes. befor« one is
aware cf it. It has established itself. Tou can
realize how essential it is to correct any weak-
ness of these important orpans (the kidneys)
when you take into consideration the important
duty the kidneys are called upon to perform.
These organs take from the blood the waste
matter of the body sr.d the impure elements
that poison the system and breed disease
When the kidneys become inactive the blood
becomes contaminated and these effete matters
are distributed through the system, and suffer-
Ins and disease rvsuit.
The health of the Udoera themselves depends
upon their proper worklny. anl. as every one
knows, orranlc kidney dii^^se is mo«t de-
structive. A icons them are Brtghfs disease
and diabetes.
The GREAT HUPYAN. *T means cf its pe-
culiar and mest th..-:vujrh curative Influence
will strer^then we.\£ kidneys, will stimulate
them when inactive and WILL, CURE SE-RI-
,OUS KIDNEY LESIONS. It has cured thou-
sands of men and w^raea of kidney disease
It will continue t.* cure.
The syrr-rtvims cf kidney lesion are head-
ache (rip. l>. ruifir.ess under eyes <Fis 2)
pain In side and back *Ftjr. J). j,aj n j a ij-ufci
(Fi*. 4), pain in Joints (FU:. 5). Other CTlfiD-
texns are sweiUng cf ankles, excessive thir-t
loss of appetite. tir«d feelins and renersl ie-
bility.
HUDYAN wiil cur* yt>u If yyj suffer from
one or mere cf the above symptoms. B»e!n i:«
us* at once, before Urn structure of the klf'-ey
1s destroyed. Rheumatism Is very often a com-
p!'c«t;ca in kidney disorder. Hudyan will <rj»e
HI'DYAN is a ro^st valaabie remedy in aii
tht.i*e diseases peculiar to women. Hudyan
cures all Kiiney. IJrer, Heart. Stomach V»--
vcus and Blood Diseases. "* "
Hudyan Is for sale by drue^ists K-c z. nack
ac*. cr six packase* frr CM. If -your drusl
gist does aot keep it sien-i direct to ths
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and E3b Sts.,
■AM FRANCISCO. CAU
You have the privilege of consult-
ing the Hudyan Doctors about your
case, free of charge. Call or write.
ladd's Gun Store
421 Ke«-n) St.. Sin Francisco
f^g^^^^ rr.--.fr «;•.-. Viroarra..
H|^ **^ FMilnc Tackle.
|^^" Sportiaa Good* of IJrtrv Dm>
criptien. Hl»l»cst C;i«h Pxlce*
mid tor Kittr » ur«.
1 Staffer free ill'-«;r*;cd C&t&lc^u^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Famous Bottled Beers
of the Great
ANHEUSER-BUSCR BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Hg^ The Original Budweiser,
)T\f,3JjS^** Anheuser-Busch Export Pale,
Exquisite "American Pilsener, "
Black and Tan,
r&l^^^P^^ r Anheuser Standard,
are obtainable on all Pullman and Wagner Dining and Buffet Cars, Ocean and
Lake Steamers, at all First Class Hotels. Finest Clubs and Cafes, and in all tne
best families. Used by the U. S. Army and Navy.
•J&- #> i/^7* # —the strengthening Food-Drink, for ill or well,
i/fugifeJ\tftZ£M& '* prepared by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n.
HRffinnwHw Bausch & Lomb-Zeiss
CLEVELAND Sl ™ B1 "«'«  , d
I * j The new and v/onderful Field
I 080\/^ICO h Glasses, at retail nd wholesale.
OlUlblXO
i ■ ■ — TVf Cl * ■ \»* nDTICIANsZ JTaPHIC APPARATUS.
- _^ OPTICIAN^ p HO7O C^ SCIEMTIFIC 3»
' $^rl '642 Market 5t 3 ustruhemts
I LEAVTTT& bill, | DR.MCNULTY.
\ 309 Lapkin St. , HIS well-know.s and reliable old
]_,...„. "I SDeda!istcur«rPrlTaM,KerToas, and Blood L-'.s.
] Wheels sold on installments. ] eties Book on Private Diseases and
« Old wheels Uken in exea»ng«. ; I Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'r9'exper!enri».
'■:.- ?.'■•. I I paUentfiCoredatHome. Terms reasonable. Hour»:»
1 IKWffiMJItbTOPJBWHBtfimiW^J^^ H JSSonf remand sacredly confident^! Call.oraddresa
j tation free and. sacredly confidentiaJ. Call.oraddresji
Weekly Cair,si:oo"pe7 Year |
HIGHLAND !
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- j
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS |
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and j
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with J
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses j
and Ponies.
OVER SO KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance: superb climate:
beautiful mountala scenery; trout, deer and
■mall game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety: lawn tennis and croquet, j
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lak» ,
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco ,
via Hcpland. t^- via Calistoga. $?.
Hotel and cottasre rates tlO to $14 per week, g
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hop.and. or
S. P R. R. to Callstotra. For illustrated pam- '
phlet or further information address J. CRAIO.
Highland Sprinps. Lake Count y. Cal., or see
L D CRAIG. tit Montgomery St.
Highland Spring's Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth !
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN A BULLWINKEL,
620 Post st., San Francisco.
— ■ !
GO TO
HOTEL DEL CORONADO j
For Tour Summer o-jtir.c
Best Golf Grounds in the State,
lualed Fishing. Sailing, Cycling.
! Hunttntr. Bathimr. etc..
REDUCED SUMMER RATES.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery st., S. F. |
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH. MEN
cino County. Natural electric . waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
! natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishlr.tr and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
: first-class. J. A. P.F.DEMEYER & CO.. Props.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thlf delightful watering place Is located In '
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold i
plur.ge baths, large swimming tar of mineral '■
: water, fine «tone dining rocm: telephone con- f
■ nectioce. electric lights, livery accommodation: !
i good trcrat fishing and hunting. Round trip i
I tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
; JOHN SPAI'LDING. Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE!
Open for the Season April 1. Ample acccra- J
• raodations In Hotel; also In new cottages. Jurt
i completed.
/V\RS. J\. T. /VIOORE.
BSLVEI>ERE-
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick. Siskiycu Ccur.ty. Cal.) .
Finest fishing and health resort ca the ?o**t, s
Climate perfect. For r-artic-ilirs «FPlr *a E»- ]
SON BROS.. Proprietors. >
ADAM SPRINGS. LAKE CO,
Favorite resort cf the St*t? : the w:>r J* an* ,
excelled for xnedSdaal pcrpos**; title u=*v.r- j
rawed: fine fishir^r ar.J froattat; *t*.c« eaSbp \
from Calistcga direct to »rrir.«: r\uad tr-.^ At
Southern Pacific offloes, $13. LMI. W. R. rK.V- ;
: THER. Ad« Srrir.g- __^
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY v JOASt dKUhtfAi *««««
home. KA-*ry acJera mbtml»v* ta aaj
cut doer *jvTt». Fv-rty-ftv* rainut** irvva ;S*3
Fr*ac!s T*bse uaa«r r*r»ccA: c*r* c^ VtRS.
M. MERRY. rtv>prt«t..T.
BLUE .LAKES MOTEL
WIU. I>K vX\NIH*CTKX\ SN A QVIKT, }
* » howeJlVe tv.*"fr, wtth svr,# cJ tis* Nr«t I
tAbie* ta th<- vVAiaw: tit t> $:t xvr ni[r«*.\. U.-«sa '
tnr^ » J*- «R **» *"^ N. 1\ t,> X~kt*i; t^<-Sx-» Yy i
*t»s». AJSArrs* ,'. WiiJ?v>N. IWriS*, iJkV*
CV«nty,C»sc ■:■-.:. ■■■■:;
""CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N*. P. C> X X,, th* rJ*^ t.* r> t» r^— » !
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County; cr."r 4*-4 boon from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door: pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, da:'/
mail an express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from Pan Francisco only
$3 £0. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 2:J
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. P.»N
erences. any guest of the past fo'jr years.
Patronage constantly increasing— last year ur.«
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
Bounty on Mosquito
scalps at
/Etna Springs
: trains daily— 7:So a. m., 4 p. m. Round trip,
$7. includes private carriage to Sprir.es. W. L.
Mitchell. Mgr.. Aetna Springs. Napa Co- Cal.
OPENS /WAY Ist.
ROWARDENNAN.
Panta Cruz Mountains cf San L.-re-i> River,
2H hours from S. F. ; 4J minutes frrrr. Sar.:;v
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electricity: ten-
nis, bowling: boating, bath'.r.e. fishing and poll
links; elegant hall and dinir.g room; e'.uV-. bH-
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-flniihed
and elegantly furnished: teier-h^r.e. OPENs
MAY 1: round trip. $3. Adiress W. E. VEA-
7^IE. Lesst^e. South Ben Lora-r.d.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COINTT.
The Best In the- World.
; HOTEL. COTTAGES and GROUNDS llght-
-1 ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Opettitbe y ear
round. Sulphur. Iron, M^resja a^d -J."^-
-' All k'nd* of batfis. CURES
. of Rheumatism. C a tarjh...Pysv>e^^ Paraly-
Bla Skin Diseases and ividri-; . Liver and
Stomach tronbtes. I-r.g &***** J*om.
Terms. HO to SIS P«r w^|. A HAT?. Ft r
Callstoga. J. A. HATj, Pre?.
HOTEL GAPiTCLA, By the Sea,
C\PITOLV. CaZ. CHANGE OF MANAGE-
MENT— MR. FRANK M. SMITH, fc— erly -!
the "Occidental Hose-!. San Frar.-:sco. Ca!-. ar.i
thY Hotel Mftrrrole. Cataiirsa Isiasd. wiH as-
I siarse th« Tnar.as-rcer.t cf Hc-te! Capit^li tWa
I scis^Tt. The hotel -wiU be coadaised strictlr
I f rst-c'.ofs. The cu^ise a=i service ■arill be per;
! fVct Prices rt-as-O'sa.fc:*. For terns ar.i tefcr-
rnatlc^ addr-** FRANK M. SMITH. HrMl
I Capltola^ Carit.'.a. Ca.:.
THE KOYA RETREAT f^ l g^ =:: "
Mirera! £=c turtirc; fi-cs: .J.-rir*
' !a CaUlfcrrda; r=Arr.i£c«~t kcitics; ;>=ty ct
'' e«Tjrs» nillt and frait: r==isr boj^rit-rs ac-
ccnmc><iate\l at immi rates; jvoi ;ie*r
ar.d ht>«* cc— .fcrts: £,x*! t-Mri ■»::* iV. :r.»
dellcaci** ci the s*as-.-a. For terns* »iire<»
MRS. FOR.TEK T. FEA.BODY. P. O. fed Jt.
GUroy.
SAMUF.L SODA SPRINGS.
J. R- Morris, Prep.. Nijva Ccarty, Cai. S*-r»
'■■ cur* for iy*T*PSi±- isdlcestJ^i. rie -^ rausa
■ aai c\-r*tl?*:^cs: h.-t tr.ireril The^?
i srr-.tyr* s.r«r K>ca.:*>i ta Ni;» Cc-r.ty. » nf.es
i ***t t>i Sv Heterju Tfee »ater is bottled a:
: the srrias* *rrd <vr.'.ai=» it* «a - . fis.
I State* '.fAves Sx. TTitun
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
; Ttr." Titles frcrr. K.-.ri»rti. V=!?<:ua!f>i s^ia*=t
I rt^s-rj-.A sj-j-.rsr*; b*:>.s: fursi<i*i c^JtiSirf*.
Terra*. $:5 to J"^. T»st t>.rwych uci^t?. Se=i
tor c;rva;^r, <X KDWSUU Hcy^gi.- CM.
LAUREL DEL
UKS AXD HOTEL.
Ctt=v&t». sv*-*ry, eß:»rtaiw=<at; =^^c better
ta l*ie Co.; ffa» Jsi.vrs *.a^ cat.
; H. •WA3IBOLr < .
' SVVKK KCI^?K aad «<tayr« at B«s Lcacr.i
I I? i£i*p* Bceaci S*st» Crex. *-iti ssssnrr-sis**
I ours*t#. grettajta t3s+ i>«; t^ be iiad «s a
\ **JWisr:#r rwvrti Sws irwws is tt? stAt-s
*.r"*V"lJi* r*W** t.> **s i .:'" i ?*; c-h»rc^* r»ry ss.vl-
Call SI.QQ.96i YearA VERDICT OF
DEATH PASSED
ON SEA LIONS
Jordan Says Thin the
Herds.
SEAL ROCKS ARE EXEMPT
RIVER FISHERMEN CLAMOR FOR
THEIR DESTRUCTION.
isands of Salmon Are Slaugh
tered and Nets Ruined by
the Savage Marine
Bulldogs.
The verdict of "guilty" has been pro
nounced in the case of sea lion, and there
is no doubt that the sentence of
death will h* passed soon by the State
Board of Fish and Game Commissioners.
This conclusion was reached yesterday
at a special meeting of that body, which
was attended by Professor David Starr
Jordan of Stanford. M. B. ScofWd of the
same institution, Dr. Harkness of the
Academy of Sciences and large delega
tions representing the tish canners. com
mission men and Tishenn^n of the hay
and rivers. Commissioner A!ex Vogel
sang stated that numerous complaints
had been made to the Commissioners of
the destructive propensities of the sea
".: as that infest the rookeries near the
bay. Nets of the fishermen are torn to
pieces, and salmon. Ivrring and other
fish destroyed by the tons by these ma
rine animals. The commission had been
urged to do something to reduce the herds
in "the Interest of the fisheries industry.
Total extermination la impossible, but ju
dicious reduction of the vast ami increas
ing numbers he believed would be ad
visable. Before proceeding to take such
a ster it was deemed advisable to se
cure the oj Inion of those interested.
Th« first called uron to address the
meeting was Professor Jordan; who clev
erly prefaced his remarks by saying:
•"It" seems that I have been appointed at
torney for the ?ea lions, as they have no
other friend to represent them. We must
admit that some of our clients are guilty.
and no doubt deserve the extreme pen
alty. Others are not so giiilty and still
there arc maay which should" be placed
in confinement.'! The professor described
the four kinds of seals and sea lions of
this locality; ;.r.d for the spotted or har
'.. r seal; the treat gray seal and the fur
seal he pleaded "not guilty. " stating that
they •;•"> not frequent the bays or destroy
any amount of food fish.
For the brown barkinsr sea lion, which
:-; entirely different from the others, he
■'V.' n0 d e ftns e to make. These are the
fellows that are to be seen at the Cliff
House, and while ho would not advocate
the destruction of any there, he said
thtre would \>e no uauger vi urivmg any
great number of thtm away. They are
the younger ones of the herd that "come
from the rookeries at the Farallones
and up and down the coast. All of these
ere males and are driven from the rook
eries by the more powerful members of
the tribe. Not one male in a hundred H
able to get Into the breeding-grounds
and if the ninety-nine fish-killers driven
out were to be destroyed it would not
diminish the increase in the least, but it
would save a large number of fish for
food. This class of sea animals is only
o: value attractions for the Cliff
H'-,i;se, and it is not profitable for oil or
"--'•■ caused me excite
ment by statin? that It would be a bene
fit to kill off all of the old bull seals that
could be found, a? there would still ue
too many males in the sea. Later on in
thp meeting, when he heard the expe
rience of the fishermen, the professor
said that the wonder Is that fishermen
had suffered so long and been so patient
w.:h the pest; v' V
Dr. Ilarkness indorsed all that Profes
sor Jordan had said and remarked that
the commission should discuss the best
method? ni thinning out the great herds
on the Faraltones and the rookeries at
Ano N'uevo and Point Reyes. He sug
gested that the best time to do this work
would be between May and the latter
rart of July, when the "pups" are young
and could b-? driven into the sea with the
old dams and drowned. It would take
too long to kill them with guns.
Nearly a dozes flshermeni canners and
packers spok* upon the great damage !
d"ne by the ?<=a lions In the hay and
up the rivers. To sura up the evidence
ajralnst these creature?, they destroy nets
that cost from J3W to %¥*) as easily as '
the paddle of a steamboat. They kill |
great quantities of salmon, only taking a
bite out of the belly nf each" fish and
leaving the rest for the sea gulls that fol
low in their wake. The salmon run Is fol- ■
lowed eyery time by sea lions, and as far j
as car. be learned out of every ten fish |
that enter the nets the pea'lions get I
ei?ht. One of the speakers in the pack- !
ing. business said if the -'rovers of I
salmon were decreased there would be j
more canneries start upon the river Such '
the testimony of F. H. Booth. Jo
seph Catania; Al Wiison. B. Morisino, J.
E. Benjamin. J. B. Ineuglia. B. Vergllio
and several others. Petitions from over '
.'■•"■ river fishermen for the destruction ol
the sea lions were read. When asked as
to the means, in a money way. at t be dis- j
r<"?a! of the commission to carry on the j
work of thinning out the herds. Commis- |
sioner Gould said that there would be I
plenty of assistance from those inter- I
c.-ted. Commissioner Vogelsang said that •
the body would further consider the mat
ter before proceeding with the project
under discussion.
Real Estate Interest Deal.
Mrs. Mary K. Meyer. 1023^ Market i
street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Oonlan's court yesterday for th<* arrest |
<■■'. K<rn Kenny'on the "charge of grand
larceny by trick and device. She alleged (
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■I
t^f%p2> HAVE YOU
Vsfc^A WEAKNESS?
3u*ui * Do you realize that you are not
r §Fs''Wsty ' *''■**' *T&7 the man you should be at your age?
.■^JLC^/;v// ~eM&^& Do you finfl your stren S tn failing
vs^ v *""" > < 3^JSr- you pxposm g tne great drain that
has been sapping the very life and ambition out of you? Does this
knowledge mar your life? Then it is time for you to look seriously to
your health. You need such a remedy as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
from which you can absorb new* strength and vitality. It. is a grand
remedy for any one who is weak in vitality, from whatever cause.
Weakness Cured in Six Weeks.
DR. RAXDKX-I>ar Plr: Six weeks aj?o I received your Belt, and I am proud to
=ay that it ha? helped rn<> w^nd-rfully. My hack doesn"t bother me. and the varicos-
"'l'' arP , na '"'lly noticeable The drains, have almost stopped. I am much improved.
SLni am glad to say the rupture 1b one-third the size It. was before using the Belt.
Tr.e u»n has done all you claimed for it ; remain, your* truly.
J. W. RICHARDS. Virginia City. Nev.. July 30. IS9S.
Tot.les and invigorating in It? action. It has made hundreds of vigorous men out
of as many weak, deupondent fellows. It will cure you If you will try It.
My Belt Has 10,000 Cures T r& r v 7ZSF-
It is the one means of renewing wasted vitality. It simply charges
the nerves and vital parts with Electricity while you sleep. When you
get up in the morning you feel that something has been added to your
powers— there Is a new feeling, new energy, ambition to hustle and to
enjoy life. Call and see me about it. or send for my book, "Three
Classes of Men," which I send closely sealed, free. Call or direct
dr. M. a. Mclaughlin, 3END ron Mr 800H _
'■"»-« «*«« °- -"■■■
p. m.; Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE.
NEVER BOLD IN DRUG STORES.
CUTTING THROUGH
ST. LUKE'S HOSPITAL
Tr -■- ■ >n advanced by a
■ imprwenipnt club to ejt
■
■ la, through
spital lot. will be opposed
■ "he associi I
r.clusion nas been arrivi I
tor? who represent the In
ratlon, wh ler the pro
■ of the Episcopal Dior<=-.
--n. but yet in -no sense sectarian.
wd of directors
Dr. J. V. D. Midriicror.. William Bab
• ck, William Doxey, K-
g '.' W. Van Reynegom.
' - p W. F. v
8. <"ribb~. These seven directors
-• lected out of and by twenty
■ \ any last Friday got $73 from her
on the represei I•. • n that she
an ir. •
found that his representation w.i~ false.
WILL SECURE EXHIBITS
FOR OMAHA EXPOSITION
W. W. UMSTED TO SAIL TOR
HONOLULU.
Government Will Ship Collections
Free of Charge on the Home
coming Transports.
W. "W. Umsted. special commissioner to
the Hawaiian Islands for the Greater
America Exposition, to be held In Oma
ha from July 1 to November '. of this
year, Is In this city en route to Honolulu,
where he will collect exhibits to be
shipped to the Omaha grounds. The gen
tleman. who 1? a resident of Omaha, has
credentials from the Secretary of State
ar.il the Secretary of War, also letters to
President Dole and to prominent Ameri
cans in the island. The letters request
that every assistance and courtesy be ex
' tended to the bearer in enabling him to
; successfully carry out his commission.
i The Omaha exposition will be in the
nature of .i colonial affair. The Govern
ment has interested itself and will ship
free of charge all exhibits from its newly
acquired terrttorv to the nearest seaport
jin the United States. The object of this
; Governmental encouragement rests in the
fact that the first opportunity will be
given to Americans ot studying In full
the resources, exports and habits of the
peoples of these practically unknown
i*nds. The Philippines. Cuba. Porto Rico,
| I.ie Ladrones and the Hawaiian Islands
will be represented at the fair, not only
I by the product- but by large numbers of
natives. *
; natives. will engage, with the per-
Mr. L"m?ted will en?a«e. wfth rh» r^r
mission of the Hawaiian Government, the
famous Honolulu Imperial band, to he the
principal feature of the exposition for one
month. Sousa's band and Godfrey's band
will furnish the music for the remainder
iof the time. He will also secure the use
of the' old National museum, familiarly
known as the Bishop museum. He will
spend one month on the island, during
which time he will devote his energies
: to the collecting or" all species of vege
! tation. manufactures, curios and articles
of historical Interest. It is the purpose
I of the managers to transform the spa
j clous exposition grounds into a grand
' tropical scene, and for this purpose sev
eral hundred natives will be transported
, and will establish their villages and abide
according to their native customs.
The commissioner for the Philippines
lis already at Manila. Those for Cuba and
Porto Rico left Omaha simultaneously
with Umsted. The Hawaiian commis
sioner is accompanied by his wife and
son and will leave this city to-morrow
on the Newport.
Reward for His Body.
The relatives of George Wigney, the
young man who was drowned on Friday
from the pier nc-ar the <"l!ff House, have
d a reward of $.Vi for the recovery of
his body. The money will be paid by the
young man's mother. Mrs O. A. W
of 1562 Ra!'.r".Ti a Venue, Alameda.
Sergeant Bethel's Bereavement.
Sergeant Bethel of the police force met
with a sad bereavement yesterday in the
loss of his wife. She had been ailing from
a complication of diseases for some
months and succumbed at the family resi
dence. fiO3 Fell street, yesterday afternoon.
She was beloved by all who knew her for
her gentle disposition and kindly ways.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh it., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
■ ♦ ■ .
His Troubles Ended.
Mrs. Wadnam. wif<= ' 3< retary Wad
ham of the Eureka Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children, was grant
ed guardianship letters yesterday upon
the person of George Rush, a little fellow
who. It is said, has been rendered a crip
ple through his father's brutality.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
three representatives who are chosen
at the annual diocesan convention for
the purpose of governing and direct
ing the management of the hospital.
The proposed extension of Twenty
seventh street through the hospital
would destroy the principal buildings,
as can b<» seen, inasmuch as they
stand on the direct line of the street,
if extended to Valencia. One build
~at which was erected by D. O.
Mills as a gift, cost $10,060.
This and the other structures, if re
moved, would monopolize all the
available ground upon which build
ings could be placed. The. result
would be to cause the removal of the
hospital as an entirety from its pres
ent location. This movement will be
fought by the directors, who in this
case represent the entire Episcopal
church community. The board of di
rectors are, however, in favor of im
provements, and will co-operate with
the Mission progressionists in hav
ing Duncan street cut through and
will gladly pay their share of the ex
pense for so doing. This, it is claimed
by the directors, will answer the pur
pose of giving the advocates of the
extension all that could be obtained
if Twenty-seventh street should be ex
tended as proposed.
Another plea set forth by the di
rectors is the convenience of the hos
pital to the center of the city by its
easy access with so many cars pass
ing by. • An examination of the hos
pital books shows that 1500 free cases
were attended last year by the house
surgeons, not to mention those who
applied to the visiting physicians at
their private off.. -
THE ELECTION
COMMISSIONERS
TAKE ACTION
They Prepare for the
Coming Primary.
The Board of Election Commissioners
met at the City Hall yesterday morning
and transacted some necessary business
preliminary to the holding of a primary
election in August. Registrar Bigg? sub
mitted a plan, which was approved by the
board, for the i Jtrfcting of the city for
the coming primary election. By this
plan the regular election precincts are
consolidated so as to make but 106 pre
cincts. Each of the new precincts com
prises in most instances three of the old
election precincts.
rh« only other business of importance
approval of the fol
lowing circular letter, which wi
Registrar to the representatives
. organized political parties in the
Boar.-: of Election Commissioners,
City Hall. San Francisco.
To Organized Political Parties: Your atten
tion Is hereby called to "an act" adding fif
teen new sections to the Political Code, ap
proved March 3. 1539, and known as the •'Strat
tun Primary Law."
This act provides as follows:
First— That all delegates to conventions of
political parties for the purpose of making
nominations of '••■-•- public office shall
be elected at a primary election.
Second— All such elections are to be conduct
ed, managed and controlled as are elections for
State, county and city and county officers us
far as applicable.
Third-All political parties which, at the
last -election polled 3 per cent of the vote of
the city and county shall be entitled to a desig
nation and place upon the official ballot to be
osed at th» primary election.
Fourth— Kach political party as aforesaid
shall file with the Board of Election Commis
sioners 01 or before July S. 189 its petition,
authenticated by its chairman and secretary,
setting forth: The name of the party; that
the petition Is authenticated by the proper of
ficers of the party committee; that It is the in
tention of ?uch party to hold a local convention
for the purpose of making- nominations of can
didate- for city and county officers to be voted
for on Tuesday. November T. 1839, in accord
ance with section 1, chapter article XI of
the "new charter." and request a place upon
the official primary election ballot: the peti
tion must specify in detail the apportionment
of ■sates, whether at large, or by assembly
districts, or by primary election precincts, or
by --•--•- for the proposed con
vention. The petition list be verified by the
proper officers of the party, before an officer
authorized to administer oaths.
Fifth— Th( petition must state the number
of delegates who will compose th» convention.
The act further provides:
That no convention shall be Illegal because
of a failure of any precinct or political de
vision to elect delegates thereto A majority
of delegates chosen shall constitute a quorum
and each convention shall be the Judge of the
election and qualification of Its members, and
no convention shall be recognized as In law en
titled to make nominations unless the dele
gates thereto were elected under and by virtue
of its provisions.
That the primary precinct election officers
shall be an inspector, two judges, two clerks
and De ballot clerk, for each primary elec
tion precinct: provided, that the same person
shall not. without hi« lent, be compelled
to serve as such primary election officer more
than once in every two years.
By order of the Board of Election Commis
sioner?.
W. J. BIOOY. Registrar of Voters
Dated San Francisco. April M. 1599.
JOSEPH CLARK FOUND
GUILTY OF MURDER
HIS PUNISHMENT FIXED AT
LIFE IMPRISONMENT.
The Attorneys for the Defense Sub
mitted Their Case Without
Argument— His Crime.
After deliberating for four hours, last
evening thi the Joseph nark case
returned a verdict of murder in the first
degree and fixed the penalty at life im
prisonment.
At the oponinc of the morning session
-■lay Assistant District Attorney
Graney heg-an his argument. He analyzed
the evidence at length, hut left the final
touches to District Attorney Murphy.
Immediately after he concluded his ad
dress, to the surprise of every one in thrs
courtroom. H. Dighy Johnston, who with
Louis P. Boardman represented th<> de
fendant, arnse and stated that th» de
fense would submit its case without argu
ment. This unexpected move harre«i Dis
trict Attorney Murphy from making his
argument, and. judging from the row of
books he had caused to be brought into
the courtroom, the sudden termination of
the ca?e disappointed him.
Judge Dunn then charged the jury, and
it retired to deliberate on a verdict.
Shortly after 4 o'clock word was sent In
that the jury could agree on a verdict,
but not before S o'clock in the evening, so
the crowd filed out to return at the hour
mentioned. Another wait was in store
for It. as the jury was not ready for some
time later.
-k was tried for the killing of Fire
man Joseph P. Gross in November last.
Peter McGlade's Trial.
The trial of Peter HcGlade, charged
with having forged warrants upon the city
treasury while employed in the office of
the Superintendent of Streets, was post
poned yesterday morning for one we-k.
The continuance was asked by Assistant
District Attorney Black on the ground
that one of the witnesses' for the prosecu
tion. Handwriting Expert Theodore
Kytka, was in Willows as a witness in
the famous Murdock note case.
If your property U mortgaged and you need
more money see H. Murphy, 630 Market. •
HOSPITAL BILLS
WILL BE PAID
IMMEDIATELY
Starvation No Longer
Threatens.
AUDITOR FINDS A WAY OUT
EXPEDIENCY MORE POTENT
THAN THE LAW.
City Officials Confer and Deciie That
the Statute Should Not Be Too
Strictly Construed.
Auditor Wells will stand between the
patients at the City and County Hospital
and starvation. This was d<
terday after a conference between the
Auditor and the Finance Committee of
the Board of Supervisors.
The amount of money available for the
maintenance of the hit for fne
present fiscal year is $3000. Some time
ago it became apparent that there would
be a deficit in the hospital fund ;
the Ist of July unless retrenchment were
inaugurated by the Board of Supervisors.
This was not done, and at I
March Auditor Wells found that th<
mands presented for that month exceed
ed the monthly apportionment
$3000. Bills to this amount were
up." it being the intention of the A .
to pay them out of the April appoi
ment.
A few days ago it became apparent
that the b - for April v
the apportionment for this month
that either the Mar. i April bills
:n excess of the appropriati
have to suffer. \Yh*-n this \
tamed the merchants rebi ■ • ex
perience having taught tnem that there
was small pr spect of obtaining
money under the circumstances. To meet
■ mergency the Board of S
at its meeting last Monday i reso
lution transferring t the maintenance
fund of the hospital the sum of $8000 re
maining in the appropriation for repairs
to that institution. This . was
transmitted to Auditor Wei - -a no in
turn submitted the question of the legal
ity of the act <•!" the board to his legal
advisor, General Dickinson.
The attorney submitted an opinion to
the Audit r in whl< h it was hi lo that the
act of the board was illegal and that it
had no power under the pi i of the
consolidation act to transfer money from
one fund to another. Acting on thii
vice, the Auditor notified the merchants
that he would refus- i | tnands
against th>- $8000 ad
• fund. The i - in turn
served notice that tl
supply the - ' with fuel and
visions until their demands for bai k pay
had been satis: I
Yesterday the Finance Committee of
the Board of Supervisors held a confer
ence with Auditor Wells for the purpose
of discussing the situation and finding,
if possible, some way out of the diffi
culty. General Dickinson was called in,
and it was finally decided that the Au
ditor should, on the score of expediency,
accept the $8000 as a part of the mainte
nance fund of the hospital and audit de
mands against it.
"There is a very grave doubt about the
legality of such a course." said the Au
ditor later in the day. "but the situa
tion with which we are confronted is a
critical one and I do not feel Inclined to
make the unfortunates who are confined
at the City and County Hospital suffer
because of a too strict interpretation of
the law. This being so, I have deemed
it advisable, in the interests of human
ity, to close my eyes to technicalities in
this particular case and use such money
as is at hand for the - payment of the
hospital provision bills in order that the
patients may not be made to suffer. I
have so notified the Board of Super
visors."
Pleasant Y. M. C. A. Reception.
A banquet was tendered by the Mission
Y. M. C A. to the Mission Company of
the Boys' Brigade in. the Mission \
Y. M. C. A. gymnasium last evening. The
hall was tastefully decorated with -Chi
nese lanterns, flowers and national col
ors. After the tables had been cleared a
pleasant evening was spent in games ar
ranged by Chaplain John M. Martin. N.
J. Rodgers of the Board of directors and •
President W. W. Chase were present and
made short speeches. The officers of the
company are: F. Head, captain; John M.
Martin, chaplain; Irving Sanborn. first
lieutenant: A S. Weister, first sergeant,
commanding signal corps of thirteen men
attached to the company.
~*~
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1013 Mission, j
QUIT ON ACCOUNT
OF THE WHISKERS
THE Alcazar is looking for a
now leading man. Ernest
Hastings, beloved of the mati
ne* girls, has severed his con
nection with the management
of the O'Farrell street play
house, and on and aft^r the l^th day
of June San Francisco will be de
prived the pleasure of Mr. Hastings'
muscular form, pleasant smile and
winning ways.
M&nagen, supposedly shrewd, are
in reality the densest of mortals, else
Thall & Belasco would have the new
Hastings contract now in their pos
session, instead of wearing mourning
band? and advertising for a new lead
ing man.
It all came about on account of the
present week"? bill. The leading role
in "A Bad "Lot" is that of an old gen
NO SENSATION, BUT
AN ARTIST IS SAUER
BY AS HTOH STEVENS.
i T-OIIL, SAILER,
-♦- L th c pianist.
Q 1^ who gave his
4. first recital
O in San
4 Francisco in the
O Grand Opera
♦ 'house yesterday ;
£ afternoon, is not '
Q a sensation, but
+ he is an artist
q of distinction — a
+ player with flu
q ent technique,
4. telling tone and
© •> temperament
♦ that reveals a
O happy blend of «
q voluptuous ness
+. and intellectuali-
Q rv - His hair is
♦ very long and ha
Q refuses to be In
£. terviewed by th«
X reporters of the
O press, so I am
•♦■ told; but there
O Is no token of ec
•♦■ 1 entrld'ty in his
O lying, which Is
■♦■ legitimate, poetic
© to a considerable
"*" degree and some-
O thing to be treas
*" ured by all who
© take an interest
X in the manipula
+. tion of the piano
© forte
+ Taking: it for
0 granted that a
X pianist's tech
+ nique Is suffi-
O ciently perfect to
•♦■ overcome the me-
O chanical difflcul
q ties of the music
4. in hand, the rest r
q is temperament and mentality. The piano is at best an ungrateful nstru- O
+. ment. Great pianists are those who make it out to be greater than it really +
q is. Most pianists are specialists. Take those whom we have heard: Rosen- O
+ thai, a technical specialist; Pachman, an ecotor.al specialist; Pad;r*>wskS. 4
q and all-round wonder. Paderewski is the greatest because his technique, --,
4- ' temperament and intellect are not only tremendous but in perfect balance. ♦
Q He can a:iv.> you Chopin and Beethoven with equal identity. The same ; n O
4. a more modest way may be said of Saver. He is not a specialist. His bal- 4.
Q ance is perfect. He is not the fabuloi^ artist that Paderewski is. but he Q
•♦- never exposes his limitations and in 'listening to him you are never, con- •♦■
O - tons of absent qualities. He is very complete, very satisfying; but, as I 0
i£ said before, not a sensation. £r
5^ The programme, which included Bach. Beethoven, Chopin, Schumann and +?
q Liszt, was a test. Bach was represented by the d 'Albert version of the Q
+. Prelude and Fug and Beethoven by the Sonata, opus 53. Neither of these -♦-
O works asks for a particular display of emotionalism and Saver made no ef- O
-♦■ fort to invest them with qualities which are not their own. Th.-- Bach he "♦"
© played rather rapidly. I thought, with that mathematical care which many ©
X musicians regard as reverence; but his tone was superb. In the Beethoven X
he brought out the human side, employing a big. masterful stride and rare 5
0 sonorousness and yet marking the whole interpretation by delicacy and ©
♦• poetic grasp. ■♦■
O The others were shorter pieces. The group of Chopins disclosed a fine O
4- phase of Saver. He seemed to find the very best of himself in this best ■♦■
O and most exacting of pianoforte composers. He went to no sentimental ex- O
♦■ cesses, in the Nocturne, ; for instance, but each of the four pieces was played ♦
O with an abundance of sensitiveness and imagination. Two pieces of his own, O
♦■ "Murmure dv Vent" and "Aspen Leaves." were remarkable for dainty color- ♦
O ing and articulation in the rendition, and for piquant form and fancy in the ©
-♦- invention. The ninth and tamest of the Liszt Rhapsodies, with the Waltz +
O .Impromptu by the same composer as an encore, closed die concert. They O
♦ were brilliantly but not dazzling given. ♦
V The Grand Opera-house is a very big place and Saver's prices are very V
q big. and the audience, which would have sized up handsomely in a small '•*
4. auditorium was considerably spotted by the empty upholstery X
o o
PERQUISITES OF
ASSESSOR DODGE
ARE CUT SHORT
Federal Employes and
Polltax.
Assessor Dodge has received a setback
in his announced purpose of collecting
poll tax from every man within the. city
and county who is liable to the tax under
the law. He has been inrormed by the
City and County Attorney that he cannot
arbitrarily collect poll tax from Federal
employes by levying upon their salaries.
Inasmuch as the Assessor puts into his
own private purse 30 cents out of each $2
tleman who rejoices in the prepos
sessing appearance Induced by a for
midable pair of Dundrearys. Has
tings objected to these playthings of
.the wind, objected to the venerable
age of the character and declared in
round, emphatic terms that he would
not play, and if he did. why his
connection -with the Alcazar would be
a matter of ancient history.
The managers thought he was jest
ing and let the play go on. The actor,
however, was in dead earnest, and
no amount of managerial persuasion
has availed. Some Eastern man will
probably -be brought out here to take
Hastings' place, and Hastings, who
has already received many Eastern
offers, is inquiring if "old man" parts
go with the contract before deciding
which he will finally accept.
I collected for poll tax, he now finds himself
cut off from the enjoyment of a consider
able revenue that would otherwise have
been his.
The City and County Attorney's opinion
is set down in the following communica
tion received by the Assessor yesterday:
i SAX FRANCISCO, April 13. 1539.
Hon. Washington Dodge. Assessor— Dear Sir:
In your communication of the 17th lnst. you
inquire "if the Assessor can avail himself of
the procedure laid down In sections 3S4S and
2549 of the Political Code in the collection of
poll tax from the employes of the Federal Gov
ernment, such as laborers at the Presidio and
letter carriers In the Pnstoffice Department.
Section 3S4S reads: '/Every person indebted
to one who neglects or refuses, after demand,
to pay .1 poll tax becomes liable therefor, and
must pay the same for such other person after
service upon him by the collector of a notice '
In writing, stating name of such person "
Section 3549 reads: "Every officer authorized I
to draw the warrants for or to pay the salary
or fees r>f any officer Is the debtor of such
officer within the meaning of the preceding
section." i
The State has no power to direct the action
of Federal officials, nor can it legislate the
Federal Government lrito its debt It is there
for" impossible for the State to hold Federal
officials Hal for the <I»hts r.t r.ther employes
of the United States Government. Th» sec
tions of the Pclitk-ai Code quoted above do not
ajjply in such cases. Respectfully.
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
Attorney and Counselor.
Much criticism has been caused by As- I
sessor Dodge's arbitrary decision in the
matter of collecting poll tax from every
employe of the city by causing the
amount of the tax to be deducted from !
the salary warrants. This criticism is
particularly bitter because of the fact
that ■ -•• law allows the Assessor to retain
»i cents out of each $2 collected. It fol
lows-ihat the Assessor is personally bene
fited financially by a rigid enforcement of |
the law, and there are those, who are un
kind enough to assert that his zeal in
enforcing the law in the matter of the col
lection of the poll tax is due to his desire
to swell his private bank account.
In this connection several ugly stories.
some of them weil authenticated, are
afloat relative to the manner in
which the Assessor's deputies wring
the -?. tax out of the ignorant, the poor
or the unsuspecting persons whom they
pounce upon. Recently >>:-.• of Dodge's
deputies "held up" a Chinese servant of
one of the head officials of the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railway. The
servant had been sent to the ferry with
a package which ]-.• was instructed to
ship to his employer's home in Marin
County. Tho package was plainly marked
and addressed. Arrived at the ferry the
Chinese fell into the clutches of one of the
Assessor's deputies, who demanded that
he forthwith pay over $2 for poll tax. The
Chinese protested, whereupon the deputy
forced him against the wall of the waiting
room and searched him. j Not finding any
money in the servant's pockets the dep
uty seized the package and made off with
it in spite of the protest made by the
Chinese and the too evident fact that the
package belonged to another.
The official whose property had he^n
confiscarcd in this high-handed manner
indited a scorching letter to . the Asses
sor and recovered his package. The dep
uty who -committed this outrage is still in
the employ of the Assessor and is still
hard at work collecting poll tax.
Other and similar Instances where citi
zens have been Insulted by these tax coi
lectors are numerous and much com
plaint is beinp made as to the character
of the men whn have been employed by
Mr. Docile to perform the work. * Some
of his deputies are ex-policemen, who
were discharged from the Police Depart
ment for cause. Others are roughs or
pothouse politicians, who have no respect
or reerard for the rights of citizens. Many
of the Assessor's deputies are pood men,
who deplore the acts of their associates
for the reason that they feel they must
bear a share of the reproach that such
acts of rowdyism entail upon the entire
office force.
Will of Jay V. Lawrence.
Th^ will <-.f th.-- late Jay Volney Law
rence, who died in this city Mar.
leaving property rained ait about H5.00&.
was filed for probate yesterday. TV
tator bequeaths his carpenter shop
Sacramento street to his rge K.
Lawrence. To hi? errandchi!dr»n. Law-
H. and Jaxnca C. Whitman. h<
vis. s some r^al estate in Berkeley and
$1500 in money each. Seren-tentha of th^
te Is devised to his son. tho remain
der eoing to hi? daughter, Adrianna Whit
man.
Swallowed i-is False Teeth.
A man recently swallowed • his false teeth
and it drove him mad. Stomachs will stand
a great deal, but not everything. If yours is
■weak try 'Hastettcr'a Stomach Bitters. It
cures in digestion, constipation, kidney and
j liver troubles, as well as malaria and fever
! and ague. It is particularly effective in ail
nervous affections, and is strongly recom
mended at this season of the year when the
system Is run down and \ most susceptible to
disease. All druggists keep it.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jj | CARTERS
SIOK HEAOAOHE
Positively cured by these
luttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
j Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
! feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
j ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
: Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels, Purely Vegetable-
Small Pill, Small Dose.
_S mall Price.
FOR SALE!
VAN NESS AVENUE.
Three 50-Varas.
•IST^iIOS, XE. cor. Van Ne«s ay.->. and Lombard.
1374 x - SE. cor. Van Ness aye. and Chestnut.
: -.x:. SE. cor. Van X<^s aye. and Francisco.
The above will be sold at very
low figures if any immediate sale
can be effected. Address
BOX 340.
A t/f^-~& ■?*
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
B7 the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM 13 SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient live*
In an atmosphere that positively kills tha
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th»
j weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
! ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
i ment Invariably increases weight from six to
! twenty pounds.
i The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
j Dr. Robert Hunter of New Tork. writes: "I
! entirely approve of a.'.'. you are doing and pre-
j diet (Treat success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES
[ J Im- Not Im-
i Character No. Cured, i proved. • proved. I Total.
i ) ' .
I Ist Stage.. 34 » 5 9 14
j2d Stag*.. 36 IS 12 1 18
I3d Stage.. JO I 12 15 »
Th» Sanatorium Is owned and cperatel by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing th»
Antiseptic Germiclal Inhalation treatment for
! diseases of the respiratory tract, Experienced
! physicians and nurse? are in attendance. Th»
i Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
! steam and open fires. The rooms — over IJO in
number— are cheerful, sunny and wel! fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is dfliehtTullj" located, nins
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelv*
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A b!1-
-ltard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
1 views of th« Sanatorium and surroundinzs and
! our methods of treatment, will be mailed .--«
on application.
i Address all tnqulrK" SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
-♦-o-*o-*o-*-o-»-o-*-o -♦■ o«-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-»o-+
■* *
ivpcijnr I
♦ * ' * ♦
o o
I H Natural Mineral Water I
♦ WBb known for centuries and ♦
O $*jsok ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
o f^r^^^ Fcr Disordered Stomach ♦
♦ Jf^^^^' aa; i Indigestion °
O gf*"T "SJ3 Its value his been testi- O
♦ : sS£ss : slsi? fisd to by thousands. ♦
♦ VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy- °
* B^Sy is not v^hy. I
♦ j^fg?^ Get the Genuine. °
fe£\«^^g Your physician O
* is'itf?ntM: w! " rprcrr - rncT "- ;i ft. ♦
♦ a 7IGNIER. Distribstiag Agent £
•+-O+Q-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*- O-s-O-e-O-^O^C^C-v
Health is Wealth.
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE .HDD. BRAIN TREATMENT
i THE ORIGINAL.' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
i la sold under positiva Written Guarantee,
I by authorized ajjents ocly, to cure Weak Memory,
I Dizziness, Wakefnln°ss, Fits, Hysteria, Uuicir-
I aesa, Nicht Loesea, f?vil Dreads. Lack of Confi-
j deuce, Nervous:: Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
fill Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, ■which leads to Misery. Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for IS; with written guaranteed©
; care or refund money. Sample pack-
) ase. containing five days treatment, with fall
i instructions, 25 cents.- One sample only sold to
i each person. At store or by maiL
§t^"Rcd Label Special /f&sf£k t
Extra Strength. Cja^ad
For Impotency, Loss ovB&*<r S
Power, Lost Manhood, \l flPy-
yterility or Barronnessi jv "^w
SI a box; six for S5. tr-.: "*irV"i^'
written saarantee*4*^*V
locnT9irt3o I At etoro-'.*: ' jfi v
B&POFEovh— : ' APTTrH
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. SoU Art*..
Hi Kearny st., San Francisco.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
I.« a powerful aphrodlsine and specilic tonto
for the sexual and urinary crgans. of bot^i
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. a rreat Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Bells on Its ova
Merita; no winded testimonial neevsaary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agent*
S3 ilajii«t suset, S. F.-iSe-i lor Circular.)
56
THURSDAY APRIL 20, 1899
JOHN ft. "3PRECKELS." Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1B«8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22IStev«nson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday Call), one year f6.<M»
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), I months 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «3o
SUNDAY CALL One Year X.liO
WEEKLY CALL, One Year .• 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) 0FF1CE... '..... Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock,
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock' 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana '■
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera Hcuse— "Ermlnie."
Orphfum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Bad Lot."
Tlvoll— "The Little Trooper."
Chutes Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corn»r Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
Sherman-Clay Hall — lan Maclaren, Friday afternoon,
April 2L
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday. '
AUCTION SALES.
By A. Ys*. Louderback— To-morrow, at 10:30 a. m. and 1:30 p.
m., at 123 Geary St.. Rugs.
By C. P. Troy i- Co.— This day, at 2 and 8 p. m., at 39
G<"ary Ft., Chinese ;.n i Japanese goods.
ThjE PHILIPPINE SITUATION.
r "T""HERE are no conditions that can be supposed
a inch the people and the I ie United
* , v 1 not support the Government. But
in the Philippines, while unquestionably the national
honor 1, our naval and military operations
it uniformly successful, and nothing
irred to prevent a calm survey of the situation
:i deliberate action as would embody the
settled judgment of the American people. The im
mediate question to be determined is whether our
be augmented to a number sufficient to
the Philippines to actual occupation. This
n has a twofold aspect, one bearing on the
; a policy of conquest on our own internal con
. and the other, without considering the con
i, involving policy or expediency.
•;:e first point the revolutionary change in our
ons that the imperialistic projects would
::>te has been discussed by The Call and by our
it statesmen and jurists until the issue has pene
•;e minds and reached the hearts of the people.
new thing for American citizens to witness the
growth of militarism and the reproduction on their
own soil of the scenes that preceded the imperiah-r.i
of the Caesars. It is a strange and mournful expe
rience for them to hear from the lips of an American
gendtal that one-half of the Tagals should be killed
in order that the other half may be civilized.
But this phase of the issue need not be further
at the present time. The remaining question
it" one of expediency. It is extremely doubtful
whether potential occupation of the Philippines can
he secured even by an army of a hundred thousand
men. The statistics and information as to the Phil
ippines are very meager. The interiors of several of
the larger islands have never been surveyed. There
5, especially in Mindanao, six hundred
miles or thereabouts southeast of Luzon, that have
i their independence. The number of the
is-lands has not been definitely ascertained, but the
estimates vary from twelve to fourteen hundred. It is
said that at least thirty different languages are spoken
by the inhabitants. The Tagals, who are thoroughly
fearless and intractable, had an alphabet and a rude
r Q of their own before the archipelago was
discovered.
Such facts as these, coupled with the experiences
of the past few months, bring home to the country
the magnitude of the task which the reduction of the
Philippines to an American province would entail.
Considerations of good faith and of integrity cannot
be ignored. The United States occupies the foremost
position among modern nations. It commenced the
war with Spain by issuing sentimental declarations
that even the hypocritical assumption of exigencies
providentially developed cannot erase. Its greatness
is due to its constitutional and historical past, the
farthest remove from conquest and imperialism of
which the human mind can conceive. It bears "the
white man's burden" for its own citizens, for the
throbbing and expectant masses of Caucasian human
ity everywhere. It stands upon its record, unre
proached, triumphant, and filled with the glory of a
sacred trust.
It is quite possible, without a trace of fear or hesi
tation, but in the exercise of what may be termed
national manhood and national consistency, for the
Government to place the Philippines in an indepen
dent situation, conformable to our own Declaration
of Independence, to exact as its sole condition for
it? adherence to principle and to honor the return
of its necessary expenditures, including the twenty
millions to be paid to Spain, and to establish, for its
own security and to safeguard a native administration,
a temporary protectorate.
The whole matter is in the hands of President Mc-
Kinley and his Cabinet, influenced, as they properly
may be, by the evidences of public sentiment, frre
spective of party, that will certainly reach them. We
entertain a reasonable confidence that the crisis will
be temperately considered and a conclusion reached
that will preserve the integrity of our political insti
tutions and command the respect of the American
people and of all civilized nations.
It is said that Governor Gage, in the serious task of
assigning State patronage, is carefully separating the
sheep from the goats in the Republican fold. His Ex
cellency certainly ought to be an authority on the
sheep.
It has been fully two weeks since Embassador
Choate'was at a public banquet in London, and it will
be noted that during that time nothing has been said
to diminish his reputation as a diplomatist
GOVERNMENT IN BUSINESS.
THE Examiner, in editorial explanation of its
plan for putting all the business of the country
in the hands of the Government, says:
"The plan proposed is that the Government shall
rystematically set aside every year a certain surplus
revenue from taxation to be applied to the purchase
of productive properties, and that all the profits from
the possessions so acquired shall be reinvested in
similar properties. * * * The feature of this plan
that will especially commend it to a sober, hard
headed people like the Americans is its absolute
freedom from risk. * * * The Government would
start out of debt, stay out of debt and become richer
and more important every year."
Sober-minded and hard-headed people will be apt
to inquire why the business of the country, which now
consists in the ownership and operation by individuals
of productive property, real and personal, will be
come free from risk when the same productive prop
erties are owned and operated by the Government.
At present there is a large percentage of failures in
the operation of these same productive properties by
individuals and corporations. It is estimated that the
looses by risk in such properties ensuing upon the
panic of 189.3 amounted to ten billions of dollars.
Those losses fell, directly or indirectly, upon indi
viduals. Does the Examiner mean that if such loss
fall upon the Government it will avoid the conse
quences of business risk by increasing taxation to
make itself whole? In no other way can Govern
ment recoup itself. It will make no difference to the
people how this increased taxation may be levied,
whether by increasing the cost of using the facilities
and utilities belonging to the Government or by put
ting in motion the ordinary machinery for taxation.
Jefferson did not believe in the Government em
barking in business. He thought the Government
should be confined to the exercise of police powers
and the control of means of defense, leaving business
to the people. What is meant by the phrase, "The
Government would become richer and more impor
tant every year?"
In 1 what way would that serve the interests of the
people? What effect upon popular freedom and the
rights of man would follow an increase in the wealth
and importance of the Government? The phrase
means a Government, through its ownership of all
business and productive property, becoming stronger
and more independent o^f the people every year.
\\ hen have strong Governments, in that sense, been
associated with a strong people? Under our system
it is intended that the people shall take care of the
Government, not that the Government shall take care
of the people.
Heretofore the people have had the privilege of
saying, through their representatives, how much tax
they will pay for the support of the Government. For
twenty-one years, ending June 30, 1898, the tax so
paid for the support of the Federal Government had
averaged five dollars per capita per annum. During
all that period the total average contribution of each
citizen to the Government was $105. In place of that
taxation the Examiner would substitute all that a
citizen pays out for use of the telegraph, telephone,
street cars, steam and water transportation of freight
and passengers, for fire, food and clothing, and all
of the necessaries of life, for these are furnished by
the "productive properties" which the Government is
to own and operate with "freedom from risk."
The expenditures of the citizen constitute the flow,
the circulation, of money. The citizen in business de
votes the profits of his business to the purchase of
what lie needs, as the laborer devotes his wages. But
the Government is an impersonality. When it sells
a ton of coal to a dairyman it will not go to the
corner store and invest the proceeds or the profits
in butter, for it needs no bread. The officers of the
Government will eat, drink and wear, but they do that
now. The only use to be made by the Government of
its profits,.' according to the Examiner, is "reinvest
ment in productive properties." not in the consumable
properties which form the necessaries of life.
Private expenditures, even in luxuries of equipment,
for objects of art and the pleasures of dress and diet,
restore money to its proper channels, where it is in
reach of the individual again. In this way even the
extravagance of the private individual in a large sense
and a large measure benefits the masses of the people.
But public extravagance on the part of the Govern
ment reduce* revenues, which have to be replaced by
resorting to increase in some form of taxation which
the people must endure. The owner of a private for
tune may fill a picture-gallery, adorn his person or
increase the state and circumstance of his existence
without adding a penny to another's cost of living.
But any similar indulgence by the Government must
come by reducing the comforts of the people through
an increase in their co«t.
The Examiner quotes the Government ownership
and operation of German railways as an example in
proof of the feasibility of its plan. If the German
railways were run at the rates and paid the wages of
American railways they would pay no profit at all.
It is plain, therefore, that the Government profit in
operating German railroads is taken from two
sources, the wages of labor and excessive charges on
freight and travel.
There is no ground for doubting that our Govern
ment would get any profit at all out of its operation
of the business of the country in precisely the same
way. It would require the "importance" hoped for
and the consequent strength and centralization of
power to enable it to transfer its losses to the people,
to its hired men and customers.
There is another point of view from which the
proposition is to be considered, and that is the effect
upon the people of withdrawing the incentive to in
dividual accumulation.
CLEAR THE GROUND IN ADVANCE.
THE Supervisors have consulted the best interests
of all concerned in postponing the special elec
tion at which it was proposed to submit the
question of issuing bonds for extending the pan
handle of Golden Gate Park to Van Ness avenue and
for building additional schoolhouses, providing an
adequate sewer system and reconstructing the ac
cepted streets.
The panhandle project is one which is bound to
elicit a great deal of discussion, since it is the only one
among those proposed to be submitted concerning
which there is any difference of opinion. No one
doubts that the necessity of an adequate sewer sys
tem, reconstructed accepted streets and new school
houses is the most imperative of any that confronts
the municipal authorities. Moreover, there is no
question of the power of the Supervisors to make an
appropriation for schoolhouses, sewers and streets.
Tlie law as it stands gives them ample authority to
inaugurate any work they may consider advisable in
these lines of improvement.
But regarding the panhandle a verj* serious ques
tion exists with reference to the city's power, and be
fore an election is ordered the Supervisors should take
«j?ins to thoroughly understand it. The act of 1887,
under which it is proposed to submit the question of
issuing bonds to the people, authorizes merely the in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
cttrring of municipal indebtedness. It contains no
grant of power by which cities may inaugurate public
improvements. The law for extending the panhandle,
therefore, must exist somewhere before bonds for the
enterprise can be issued. This is a proposition so
plain that it ought not to need illustration.
In the celebrated Shag Rock case the Supreme
Court held that the city and county of San Fran
cisco possesses no authority to acquire land for any
purpose not delegated to it by the consolidation act
In that case an attempt was made to purchase Shag
Rock as a site for a pesthouse.
We have not seen in connection with the panhandle
extension in the daily papers any reference to a statute
which authorizes the condemnation of this land for
the purposes specified. Some of the property-owners
interested have raised the question of jurisdiction, and
since the failure to thoroughly understand it before
voting on bonds is liable not only to jeopardize the
success of the scheme at the polls but to invalidate
the bonds afterward, the matter is of sufficient im
portance to merit thorough consideration. If the
people should vote bonds and it should be discov
ered afterward that the Supervisors had no authority
to acquire property for the panhandle extension, we
should be in a very pretty municipal mess.
The postponement of the election until the latter
part of July will give ample time in which to consider
this question. If a satisfactory conclusion is not then
reached a further postponement should be had.
FERRY DEPOT CHARGES.
ACTION taken by the Harbor Commissioners to
increase .the rate of rental of ferry depot
privileges to the various railway companies
making use of the building is a good step in the right
direction. If now the Commissioners will attend with
equal firmness to the task of reducing expenditures
and putting an end to waste in that direction the
ferry finances may ere long be in a satisfactory con
c':tion.
It is worth noting that in discussing the proposed
increase of charges upon the Southern Pacific Rail
road, and in protesting against it, Mr. Kruttschnitt,
general manager of the road, is reported to have
said: "We do not come before you in a spirit of
-aptious criticism, but merely to protest, as the com
pany has always done, against what we consider un
fair discrimination," and to have added, "We would
not care if we could add 10 per cent to the cost of
commutation tickets and make the public pay the
increased rental that way, but we cannot do that."
That statement is about as explicit as Mr. Hunting
ton's recent assertion that his company would make
the people of California pay the Central Pacific debt.
So long as the railroad can make the public bear all
the burden of taxes, rents, debts and other charges it
is well satisfied and makes no protest, but when it
cannot shift the burden then it talks of unfair dis
crimination and fights with fury.
The price charged for the use of the ferry depot to
the railroads is none too high. In fact, the low rates
charged by former Commissioners constituted a pub
lic scandal, as was pointed out by The Call and by the
Merchants' Association Review. What has been
c< i is therefore one step toward righting a grave
wrong, and, fortunately, it appears the result is not
gcing to be injurious to the public, as the railroads
cannot shift the burden.
The next step in the path of reform must be taken
in the direction of economical administration. It will
profit nothing to increase the revenues of the ferry
depot if the expenditures are increased, or even if
continued at the old wasteful rate. The commission
has started well on a good work, and the people will
now look for an earnest prosecution of it.
PRAISE FOR OUR SCHOOLS.
f~* ALIFORNIA, her institutions and her people,
I are so often subjected to misrepresentation and
adverse criticism in the East that any word of
commendation coming from that source has not only
the merit of truth but the charm of novelty. There
is, therefore, no little gratification to be felt in the
report Captain F. A. Kendall, president of the Board
of Education of Cleveland, Ohio, has just made
upon our public school system.
Having made a careful study of our schools during
a recent tour of the States on this coast, Captain
Kendall, in the course of an interview at Chicago
upon the result of his observations, is reported to
have said:
"California schools are the best in the country.
The State makes a more liberal appropriation than
anywhere else, and the idea of education is up to date,
industrial, manual and commercial. Boards of Edu
cation throughout the Great West are composed of
intelligent and progressive men. There is no politics
in it. Cultured ladies of different localities also make
schools their particular charge. In the city of Los
Angeles, a town of not over 100,000 inhabitants, there
were last year 25,000 visitors to the schools."
It would be easy to pick flaws in that statement.
Some of the assertions are not strictly accurate.
While politics in a certain sense of the word- has been
excluded from the schools, inasmuch as school
teachers are seldom if ever selected for partisan con
siderations, yet the jobbery and the corruption that
attend the practice of politics have been found in
school administration as well as elsewhere in county
and municipal affairs. Nevertheless, the fact remains
that our schools on the whole have been efficiently
maintained up to as high a standard as can be found
anywhere in the Union.
The excellence of our schools is due mainly to the
strength of public opinion in demanding a high
standard of character in the teachers. Jobbery, cor
ruption and frauds, amounting almost to open steal
ing, have too often been tolerated, but the appoint
ment of incompetent or unworthy teachers is an
offense that has never been condoned in any part of
the State. The result is we have one of the best
school systems in the world so far as the teaching is
concerned, but one of the most wasteful and extrava
gant in its maintenance.
When popular sentiment demands as high a stan
dard of efficiency and honesty in the School Board
as it does in the teacher's chair we shall have a school
system that will truly merit the praise of being the
best in the country- We are paying high for the ser
vice we obtain, and if we received the full value of
revenues so willingly paid the result would be the
admiration of the Union.
The report that upward of ioo tons of liquors
of all kinds destined for the Klondike have been held
at Skaguay by American officials because of the ar
bitrary action of Canadian authorities shows that a
bad state of feeling exists between the representatives
of the two Governments. There is no friendship
among men when they cease to pass the liquor along.
The dispatches announce that Emperor William of
Germany has been imposed upon by a confidence
operator. Investigation may show that the impostor
hails from Samoa, where Mataafa is busily engaged in
trying to induce his German Majesty to accept a gold
brick-
ANXIOUS TO
HEAR FROM
GAGE AND DAN
Expectant Linger in
the Palace Court.
PROTESTS AGAINST DELAY
TIME TO REWABD THOSE WHO
WON THE VICTORY.
Surmise That Certain Names on the
Governor's Slate Have Been
Recently Erased and New
Ones Added.
Applicants for official favor waited in
the Palace court all day long yesterday
for some word of good cheer from Sacra
mento. It came to their knowledge Mon
day morning that the Governor and D. M.
Burns were in Sacramento discussing the
subject of patronage distribution; hence
they were anxious to hear the result of
the deliberation. In the Palace group
were candidates for ftabor Commissioner,
Code Commissioner, Registrar of Voters,
Adjutant General and Highway Commis
sioner, besides many other candidates for
subordinate positions under the Board of
Health.
The politicians who are supposed to be
in the confidence of the Governor ex
pressed the opinion last night that the
expected appointments would not be de
layed much longer. In fart, they cannot
understand why there should be any fur
ther delay. They remark that the Sena
torial contest is over for the time being,
that the .Legislature has adjourned, that
the Governor has had his vacation and
much-needed rest, and therefore it is
time something was doing to help out the
men who marched and shouted for Gage
and Neff away back last fall. They dwell
on the fact that Democrats who were
booming Alaguire and blasting Gage are
still drawing stipends every month from
the public treasury, while the Republicans
who won the light are waiting for a
change and wondering why the Governor
does not act.
Before the Governor loft Los Angeles
he had made up his mind concerning the
Code Commissioners and the Paris Expo
sition Commission, it is surmised that
his prolonged conference with Burns im
mediately on his arrival at the Capitol
had reference to some suggested change
in the slate. In regard to the adjutant
generalship, the "organization," or. In
other words, certain members of the ex
ecutive committee of the Republican St;ite
Central Committee, will not again Inter
fere. One recommendation in this respect
was made, and therefore another one
could hardly be expected from the ma
chine. The clever politicians doubt the
propriety of making any recommenda
tions to the Governor regarding this of
fice, and very likely no more will be made
unless the Governor should see tit to in
vite suggestion and recommendation.
The Paris Commission is a different kind
of a trust. The people of the State are
deeply concerned in the selection of the
< ""inniipsinners. It would be a happy
in the State if a commission wholly
Independent of any railway corporation
could be' chosen, but it is said if the
Southern Pacific should get one member
the Santa Fe ought to have one, and the
people surely should get the third.
Ben C. Truman, formerly of the literary
department of the Southern Pacific, had
some exposition experience in the horti
cultural department of the 'World's Fair
at Chicago. He was appointed shortly
after he was crowded out of the Southern
Pacific. He did Borne very good work for
the company in describing the beauties of
Monterey as a summer and winter resort,
and found time apart from his engage
ments with the corporation to write a
book on dueling and contribute war
reminiscences to the New York Times.
No one In the building at Third and
Townsend ptreets found fault with Ben's
literary style, and when Mills was brought
down from Sacramento to succeed him
surprise was expressed. It is said that
Truman and Mills are slated for the Paris
Commission.
Warden Hale of SanQuentin was in town
yesterday. He says the notion entertained
; by many people that he desires to con
-1 tinue his service as Warden is anything
but correct, as he is anxious that hie sue
! cessor shall be chosen at once so that he
i can retire. He is fully conscious that his
I failing health demands his retirement.
Mr. Hale's successor will be chosen at
1 the meeting 1 of the directors of the prison
; next Saturday. There is no doubt that
. Mr. Agulrre of Los Angeles will get the
I place.
The reason for the recent postponement
! of ihe meeting of the Board of Regents of
1 the State University has transpired. The
I Governor expressed a desire for the post
ponement in order that he might be able
!to attend the session. When the subject
I of selecting a president of the university
i is called up there will probably lie a full
I attendance of regents, and the Governor
Ino doubt will preside. Lieutenant Gover
j nor Neff. \#io was in the city day before
! yesterday, remarked that he' intended to
Ibe preserjj at the session. On this occa
sion Stephen M. White will probably re
ceive the greetings of his brother regents.
CHAPLAIN WILL
TURN BENEDICT
Chaplain Brown of the
lowa to Wed Miss
Eaton, an East-
em Belle.
Chaplain Frederick C. Brown of the bat
tle-ship lowa will shortly wed Miss Emily
Eaton of Middleborough, Mass.
Chaplain Brown left on Monday evening
for Pasadena, there to meet his betrothed,
who has come all the way from htr far
Eastern home to become the chaplain's
bride.
The happy event is the culmination of a
romance that had its beginning several
years ago in the quiet little village of Mid
dleborough, a suburb of Boston. Mr.
Brown was stationed then as pastor of
the Unitarian church. He made his home
with the Eatons, who were in his congre
gation. Between him and Sites Emily
grew up a warm attachment, and when
he left the church a year ago to enter the
navy their troth had been plighted.
Chaplain Brown served during the war
in the North Atlantic squadron, and in
May waa assigned to the lowa, coming
here with the vessel a few months ago. He
has still two years to serve, and will go
with the vessel to Manila or wherever she
may be ordered.
The approaching event has been kept a
profound secret. The chaplain secured
leave of absence last Sunday for one week
but did not say where he was going. He
took the train for Los Angeles on Mon
day night, and it has been learned that
Miss P:aton was expected in Pasadena to
visit relatives there. They will arrive in
San Francisco on Friday, and the wed
ding will take place either on Friday or
Saturday evening. Rev. Dr. Horatio
Stebbins will offloia.te and will be assisted
by Rev. Stopford AY. Brooke, who is an
Intimate friend of Chaplain Brown.
After the wedding the young couple will
remain here until the lowa goes away
when the wife will return to New York'
where Chaplain Brown's parents reside '
Epworth League Alliance.
This evening the annual meeting of the
Epworth League Alliance will he held in
the Centenary M. E. Church South, on
Bush street, near Gough. The officers for
the ensuing term will he elected, and
bUßineM of interest to Epworth League !
workers will be transacted. Brief papers I
and speches will be delivered by the fol
lowing members on the following < »üb
jects: "Spiritual," Miss H. M. Merrianv
"Mercy and Help." Miss Myrtle Hodson :
"Literary." Luther Elkins. and "Social "
Reginald Harris. At the conclusion of
each paper a two-minute discussion will
be inaugurated. A report of the proceed
ings at the Santa Cruz convention will be
given by members. The meeting will con
clude with an address by Dr. E. P. Den
nett, ex-president of the California Con
ference League, on "The Aims and Use
of an Epworth League Alliance," and
will represent the "mass-meeting" work
for the International Eyworth League
convention. whKch may be held in this
city in 1901.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Dr. and Mrs. David Cohn have returned
from their Eastern trip.
F. M. West, a banker of Stockton, is at
the Grand with his wife.
W. A. Perry, a^mine owner of Red
ding, is staying atTh^e Russ.
Major R. Baxter of Rochester is at the
California, accompanied by his wife.
Rev. John Watson (lan Maclaren) is
registered at the Palace with his wife.
Thomas B. Kay, owner of the woolen
mills at Salem, Or., is a guest at the
Lick.
James G. McNeil, owner of the electric
light plant at Santa Cruz. Is making a
brief visit to this city and is regist> red
at the Palace.
Mrs. Silas W. Terry, wife of the Captain
Terry of the lowa, arrived here from
Washington, D. C, yesterday and regis
tered at the Palace with her daughter.
C. H. Riege, a Fresno stationer, and C.
M. Hartley, a fruit grower of Vacavillo,
are late arrivals at the Grand. Mr. Hart
ley was recently married and is making
his honeymoon trip to this city.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Philip Smith and Mi??
Anita Gonzalez, who have been spending
the winter at the Palace, will leav
day for New York City, en route to Paris,
where they expect to remain for the next
year.
J. H. Pettee, a business man of Pa
loma; H. Wittenberg, who operates a
cracker factory in Portland, Or.; W. W.
Turney, an attorney of Campbell, and
R. J. Bllllou, a San Jose merchant, are
among the arrivals at the Grand.
A number of officers and privates of
the Marine Corps arrived here from the
East yesterday morning and registered at
the Occidental. They will go to Manila
on the transport Warren to reinforce Ad
miral Dewey's marines. Among them are
Major William F. Spicer, Major Charles
L. McCauley, Lieutenant G. C. Rice, W.
J. Limerick, C. S. Hill, R. M. Gibson and
G. C. Thorpe.
Ensign J. H. Roy, U. S. N., is making
the Palace his headquarters. He was re
cently detached from the Scindia and
ordered to the Nero to replace F. Ridge
ly, who has been given a three months 1
leave of absence. The Nero is on special
service duty, which will consist of run
ning lines of sounding from Honolulu to
Guam. Marquesas Islands, Manila and Ja
pan. On account of the increase of trade
with the Orient the Government desires
to establish a course free from reefs and
shoals, and soundings will be taken at
every ten miles. The. expedition will be
away probably for two years.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ROCKEFELLER AND STANDARD
OIL— V., Marshfield, Or. John D. ■Rocke
feller has a residence in the city of New
tS T h. J he Investigations into the affairs
of the Standard Oil Cnmpanv have not
yet been brought to a conclusion
DECLARATION OF WAR-S. B R
City. On the 21st of April, 1898, the Span
ish Government sent United States Mm
Ister t "Woodf ord his passports, thus be
ginning the war; on the 24th, Spain form
ally declared that war existed with th.>
I nited States and on the 23th the United
States Congress declared that war was
begun on the 21st of Apri 1 by the act of
Spain.
FROST AND WATER-A Subscriber,
City. "Whether fruit trees and vegetables
should be watered at night to protect
them from expected frost depends entire
ly upon conditions. In some instances
water, by creating a moisture would be
beneficial, while In others it would be
detrimental. No general answer to the
question can be furnished.
>
CADET IN THE MILITARY ACAD
EMY-F. M., City. The question as to
how to gain admission as a cadet in the
Military Academy has been answered
so often that the readers must by this
time be tired of seeing the answer. Ad
dress a communication to the Congress
man from the district in which you live
and he will furnish you a circular of in
formation.
SYMBOLS— Enq., City. Ivy, holly and \
box are symbols/)f the resurrection; dates \
and cedars, of "Hie faithful; corn ears, o"f i
the holy communion; grapes, of "This is
my blood"; lily, of purity; olive, of :
peace; orange blossom, of virginity; palm,
of victory; rose, of incorruption; vine, of
"Christ, our life"; and yew, of death.
Laurel, oak, olive, myrtle, rosemary, '
cypress and amarfnth are funeral plants, i
OLD NEWPAPERS— A. 8., City. This
department is always willing to oblige, ■
but questions must be in a definite shape !
to admit of an answer. Such a question i
as the following cannot be answered: "A.
B. would like to know if there is any
value on old newspapers from ninety to
one hundred years old; what is the
value?" If A. B. had described the papers
name, place of publication and date, an '
answer could have been given.
THE JAPAN CU.RRENT-Subscriher,
Vallejo, Cal. For information in addi
tion to what has already been published
in connection with Professor Hammon's
theory concerning the Japan current and
the precipitation of rain you will have to
communicate with that gentleman, whose
address is "Philadelphia Ga« Company
Pittsburg. Pa." As to the Japan current
you can find some information in the en
cyclopedias, but literature on that sub
ject is not very extensive.
POT'LTRV JOURNALS— A. A. L., Lil
lis. Cal. There are many journals in the
I'nited States devoted to poultry and
poultry raising. Among the number may
be named: Fanciers' Monthly, San Jose
Cal.; American Poultry Journal, Chicago'
111.; Reliable Poultry Journal, Quincv'
111.; American Farmer, Live Stock arid
Poultry Raiser, Indianapolis Ind ■ Firm
Poultry Boston, Mass.; Poultry kerald,
St. Paul. Minn.; American Poultry Advo
cate, Syracuse, N. V., and Inter<*t,it«
Poultryman. Tiffin, Ohio. _ "»«™tate
SAN FRANCISCO-Subscriber, City
The following: from the Consolidation Act
of April 19. 1856. answers fully the question
as to the limits of San Francisco:
The corporation or body politic and cor
porate now existing and known as the
city of San Francisco shall remain and
continue to be a body corporate and poli- !
tic, in name and in fact \>y the name of
the City and County of San Francisco.
«£ bo nd aries of the City and County
of San Francisco: Beginning at the south
west corner, being the northwest corner
of San Mateo, in Pacific Ocean, on the i
extension of northern line of Township
Three south of Mount Diablo base: thence
northerly along the Pacific coast to its
point of intersection with westerly exten
sion of low water line on northern side of
the entrance to San Francisco Bay. being
southwest corner of Marin and northwest
corner of San Francisco; thence easterly
through Point Bonita and Point Caballo
to the most southeastern point of Angel
Island, all on line of Marin. as established i
by section 3957; thence northerly along the
eastern line of Marin to the northwest
point of Golden Rock, also known as Red
Rock, being a common corner of Marin !
Contra Costa and San Francisco; thence
due southeast four and one-half miles
moTe or less, to a point distant three stat
ute miles from the natural high water
mark on the eastern shore of San Francis
co Bay, being a common corner of Contra
Costa, Alameda and San Francisco;
thence southeasterly in a direct line to a
point three miles from said eastern shore
and on the line first named (considered as I
extending across said bay), and thence i
west along said first named line to the
place of beginning. The islands known as
the Farallones shall be attached to and
be a part of said city and county.
By the act of March 30, 1874, this de
scription was amended to make the west
ern boundary of Alameda County pass 500
yards westerly of the western *»xt<-.-n' ! * v
of the Central Pacific wharf as It waa
then, providing it did not ta«.e iua
Buena Island outside of San Francisco. -
AUDITOR WELLS
IS WILLING TO
PASS THE BUCK
Again November and
December Salaries.
WANTS FREEDOM IN OFFICE
ASKS JUDGE SEAWELL TO MODI-
FY AN ORDEB.
The Case Will Come Up Next Friday,
at Which Time the Application
Will Be Heard in Open
Court.
Judge Sf-awell yesterday continued the
case of Oscar Moses against the Board of
Education et al. until next Friday. On
that day John H. Dickinson, attorney f<>r
defendant, Auditor Asa R. Well?, will
move the court to modify an order here
tofore made so that Auditor M'ells shall
be permitted to audit the demands of the
teachers for the months of November and
December, deducting from each of them
any moneys due the city from any holder
of any demand by reason of any moneys
illegally paid such holder, and requesting
that warrants for the remainder be per
mitted to be audited and delivered to the
proper parties.
The motion will be made on the ground
that the order was improvidently made
and that the duties of the Auditor are in
terfered with in an unwarranted manner.
It is necessary, it is contended, that the
order be modified and set aside in order
that confusion and loss shall not result
regarding- moneys of the city and county.
To back up this motion for modification
of the order an affidavit made by Auditor
Wells, sotting forth a grievous tale, was
filed with the clerk. This affidavit ex
plains the entire situation as viewed by
wells, but there are other views, and
some difficulty is expected when the mo
tion comes up for hearing. This affidavit
reads:
I am the Auditor of the city and county of
San Francisco and have been during all the
times hereinafter mentioned. I am al
defendant in the action now pending in the
Superior Court and heretofi re an order in said
action containing the following language was
made and served upon me, and said order ll
still in full fore and effect:
"It is hereby ordered until the further order
of this court the said Auditor be and he is here
by restrained and enjoined from insuring any
warrants on demand of defendant I
the months ot" Novemtx
nothing- herein to be construed as an injunc
tion against the said Auditor using the said
demands as a mean? of offset for any 'If-niands
which may have been illegally paid said teach
ers heretofore."
By the terms of said order I am restrained
from property performing the duties of my of
fice in the makins up of my accounts, and th.ise
with the other officials of the city and county
of San Francisco, and I know of no v.
which I can use the demands mentioned in the
order as an offset for any purpose, unless I
am permitted to act upon the demands them
selves.
In the month of February last, believing that
the matters involved in the litigation In this
action would be determined at once, I did all
th.it I could to release the demands for the
ni'.nth of January, then awaiting audit, so
that they were paid, and the demands for Feb
ruary and March have also been paid and no
further move of any kind that I am awa
has been made in the action, and so far as I
am advised there Is no reason why the matters
Involved in the action should nut be di
of. certainly so far as this affiant and his
office la concerned.
Doubtless some confusion has been
brought about by the order of the court,
but it is obvious that the order was neces
sary, as has been explained before. Just
1m w much a modification of the original
order wouldassist toward reaching a final
i]i 'ision in the case Is not clear. That a
modification would allow Auditor Wells
to drag himself from the tangle there can
be no question, but it looks that "the
buck would pass up to the Treasurer" in
event of a modification, and the record
would be swollen in the legal scramble
following to prevent payment of even the
deducted warrants. The merchants ob
ject to the money being paid at all. oven
after "moneys Illegally paid out" have been
deducted, so It is doubtful that Wells' ef
fort to thus extricate himself will avail
him much, it being the general opinion
that h" must wait the trend of events and
final adjudication of the preplexing con
dition.
Stole the Mercury.
M. 11. Grovers, a junk-deaier at 1042*4
Howard street, waft arrested in Judge
Graham's court yesterday on the instruc
tions of the Judge. A mechanic's level
stolen from Fred Lehre three weeks ago
was recovered from Grovers on a .search
warrant, but when it was produced in
court yesterday Lehre showed that the
metal had been unscrewed from t..e level
and the mercury had gone, making the
level practically worthless. The Judge
promptly ordered Lehre to swear to a
warrant" for Grovers' arrest for petty lar
ceny.
Lost His Furniture.
Hugo Friebel, 1209 Polk street, obtained
a warrant in Judge Conlan's court yester
day for the arrest of Jacob Knapp on the
charge of felony embezzlement. On April
g Knapp got $140 worth of mrniture from
him and disposed of it by auction. Knapp
cannot now be found.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business nouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (.Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
At a London Board School.
Teacher— How is it that you are late
this morning?
Johnny— Please, mm, a burglar's been
caught in the East End, and mother sent
nit' lound to the police station to see It
it was father.— Stray Stories.
THE CALIFORNIA LxMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; V& days to Chicago. 4>>4
days to New 1 York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket, street.
If you don't eat well or sleep well, have head
aches and dizzy Spella, try a. spoonful of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura BittPts. .
In the Cook's Domain.
"Did John have frog legs this morn
inc?" asked the mistress on her trip to the
culinary sanctum.
"Sure, 1 don't know, mum."' was the
semi-apologetic answer of Bridget. "'He
had on- rubber boots and an ulster."—Chi
cago Times-Herald.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
i. - ■
Alum baking powders are the greatest
' meaacers to health of the present day.
ROVAt BAKING POWDER CO.. NEW YORK.DIPLOMAT AND
SAILORS SAIL
Left on the Mariposa
Last Evening.
BRIDE AND GROOM SERENADED
COAST FREIGHT RATES ABE
ADVANCING RAPIDLY.
V Scaree — C:;ptain Dan
-rerously 111— Trial
Nuniveak — W. J.
Woodside Here.
pany'a mall
■
At
Among those -who took passage to j
Honolulu were George C. Alferitz and his i
bride. Mr. Aiftritz is a member of the !
v.holesa'.e house of Dellepiane & Co., and!
Is particularly well known in business cir
cles. 110 wanted to keep his marriage a I
F«"crct, and the ceremony was performed
only a few hours before the steamer
Failed. The news leaked out. however,
end a host of the young couple's friends,
headed by a Chinese band, were down to i
Eoe th>»m off. The band and some fire- j
crackers made things lively on the
Oceanic wharf prior to the sailing of the !
Marlposa. Mr. Alferitz is president of "
a •"Chinese .->-<-r> t society* of which near- j
ly nil the young business men on Front i
asi>] Battery streets are members, and
t!>at was why v Chinese band was pres- '
tr.t to give the happy couple a "-•lit.
The bride was Miss C. Sposito, and the
ceremony was performed at her homo 'on
Mason street. Mr. and Mrs. Alforitz will i
spend about six weeks in Hawaii, after |
which they will take up their residence I
in San Francisco. |
Among those who sailed on the Mari\j
posa for Apia were Lieutenant Com-!
mandf-r \V. S. Hughes. Lieutenants J. H. j
Hetherington and \V. H. Schutze, Ensign !
Frank H. Sehofield and Surgeon Thomas j
i. Streets: They ar- all assigned to the;
Philadelphia, -and wilr serve under Rear I
Admiral Kautz. Dr. W. H. Solf. the new I
president!*)* the Samoan Municipal Coun- !
cil; was also a passenger to Apia. .
The transport Warren will not get away
until son-..- time to-day. The four hun- »
flred soldiers coming here from the East
to ;ak.- passage on her for Manila got
sidetracked t.n the road somewhere and .
will not £'-t here until early this morning. I
] heir baggage is missing somewhere In j
I Rocky Mountains, and until that '
mes along the vessel cannot sail. The I
: .-.. •:. already on the transport were not !
given rnu.h liberty yesterday, and in ;
consequence things were pretty quiet '
around East and Folsom streets.
Captain Dan Haskell. the pilot, is lying '
dangerously ill at his home. He has been !
ailing rao« .or less for the last three <
;• tre, but it was only within the last j
f»w months that his illness took a seri- I
ous turn. He was afflicted with a com
plication of disposes; but nuw dropsy has •
set in and his condition is critical. Cap
tain Haskell is known frum San Diego to ;
St. Michael, and in every port- he has a !
hi st of friends. When the John D. !
Spreckels & Bros. Company organized aj
Hoot of tugboats Captain Haskell was one '
■ : the tlrst captains, and for years was ;
In command of the Relief. When the
Foarless was built he was in charge of '
her until he was appointed pilot, about !
three years ago.
The new stern wheel revenue cutter
Xuniveak had her trial trip on the bay |
yesterday. She was all that her builders '
promised and made good time, besides j
pteering well. She is for use on the Yu- !
kon; and will be towed up to St. Michael j
by the revenue cutter Bear. The Xuni
veak was. -to have been finished in time !
for the opening of the Yukon last year. :
t ut the contractor failed and the bonds
men had to finish the vessel.
H,i
--• -nough
In the last
■
. vance
r'eople
• i pay
i ■
May a num
withdrawn from tho
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE oil cure
N*oE\ rr Cctt:ngi FOE No Burning P2»»t«r«)
PAMpppc TumoßS,
UnIIULIIJ, maliqna.tt diseases
D. IN
therapeutic* of OILS makes a •. *■ era in j
medicine. Thousands of "so-called" Incurables j
»i.re living testlmoniais as evi(3>;nce of the vir- I
ti:e of the Oil Cure and the^e skili»-'l physicians.
CURES CATARHH, DEAFNESS, ECZEMA,
PILES. Uiceratlt.n, Diseays of Women, Old
Sores, Fistula. Skin Diseases, Rheumatism.
rnVCVIT Fr*e at No. S Maeon street. TIIK
w .'J.LI OIL CURB DOCTOKS.
!1;ui«- 10 to 6 and 7 to S. Receiitlon room.
No. 2 Ito left).
WRITE or call for our book free what min-
isters, doctor*, grateful people say of the OIL
CURE. Address THE OIL CURE. No. I Mason
ftr<-et. rcmsr Market and Mason streets, San
Francisco, C«J.
Balm for catarrh and jfS^m^\
have received great I^s!®°,™-!
benefit. I bolieve it o.^»-iTanV)oj^J
safe and certain cure, y" &§§ ■
Very pleasant to take.
— Wm. Fr.i"?r>r, Rofh- /(-r^.l^'V
,-r.T. n v . . ■
Cream Balm Is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief is \
mmediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
— loe« not produc* sneezing. Larß-e size. EOc;
at druffgifits or by mail; trial size, : >. by mail. I
ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren st.. New York.
MAKE PERFECT MEN !
-ffi&w DO XOT DESPAIiri IH. i.oisuf-
/v,v.JVjrs^ far Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
/i.r*''^*S2 iife can be rettorea to you. Tbe very
ff Ea wontteasesof >'crvou» nebilltj are
a no not cured by PEKFKCTO
- iiid ambit;
. i lie rrrtoi-ed ;o fo«. Tlif very ]
: \mou> Debility tra
I • PKKCI'.I TO
fl«t TABI.I. IS. Give prompt relief to In-
yv^ —! T&j£i!9 >a "'"**• fulling memory and the ws-te (
*— *SijCox&!v in drain of vital power*. Incurred by
' L^%o7^B^ jn«ll«ernlons orexce«!"e»of ear 1 ; years.
** Impari vigor and potency toeverytnnc-
tion. Bia"e up tlip sTKtein. Hive -iS*< bloom to the '
eherks.md lustre to the eyes of CrVC\ jounit or old.
Oii-ioc ■■•axrene** vi^J energy. tPJL'l*> boxes at
fS.&Oaci :n;.'. -'•• v~ i :ai i :intcfd cut c- nHw«i' money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest* > *«b*^ pocket. Sold
everywhere. or lualleil In jilain wrapper on receipt of
\r:-^ by THY P»nP«<T«» CO.. r»-«»n UMr.. ii.i« , ill.
•oW by Owl Drug Co., S. P. and Oakland.
SLID THROUGH THE WATER
LIKE AN ARROW LET LOOSE
SUCCESSrUL TRIP (T THE PEARLESS.
THE result of the trial trip ol the new tug Fearless was a flattering testimonial to the excellence of the
■work done by the Union Iron Works. The tug glided through the water with the grace and speed of
an arrow shot from a bow and elicited compliments from all obsen
The trial was most exacting, and was made at d'fferent speeds four times over a measured mile,
for the purpose of testing the working of her machinery under varying conditions. She more than ful
filled the most sanguine expectations of her builders and came fully up to the requirements of her owners,
John I 1 Bpn Bros. & Co. H<-r best speed was twelve and four-tenths knots an hour, which speed was
maintained regularly and easily.
Among those present on the tug were Irvine: M. Scott. Certain Lucky and Robert Forsythe, superintend
ing engineer of the Union Iron Works: John D. Srf^^kels and Captain McCoy. The Fearless proved to be
superior in appearance, more Bpeedy and more powerful than the old Fearless, which she- replaces.
There was not a hitch or a mis ay kind on the whole trip, and that !s something unusual on an
occasion of that ktr.d. Mr. Spreckels accepted the tug from the bui'dt-rs and was more than satisfied with
the excellent manner In which the builders had executed the task confided to them.
The Fearless will b< readj for busii iv and will be one of the must graceful and conspicuous of
the craft plying in the harl an Francisco.
coasting trade to load for Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence and Kotz^bue, while a
number are already loading for at. Mi
chael. These vessels bc-ing withdrawn
from the regular channel* will tend to
harden priced, so the shipowners are reap
ing a harvest.
The bark Madagascar arrived at Fal
• mouth yesterday from San Francisco. On
! the 14th inst. she was caught in a heavy
pale and had two of h*r boats swept away
and stained other damage.
W. J. Woodside of Belfast. Ireland, was
!on 'Change yesterday. Ho> Is the elder
brother of Captain Alexander Woodside
o( this dty and owned the steamer Eiawn
more. that was vreck^d on this coast m->
years ago. Mr. Woouside was one of the
guests of Harland & Wolf at the launching
of the leviathan steamer Oceanic. He
says he never witnessed a more success
ful affair. The gigantic mass of metal
moved into the water without a hitch.
"Sir Thomas Lipion's yacht Shamrock
was to have been built by Harland &
■< If." said Mr. Wood yesterday, •'but
the firm had so much work on hand that
it could not undertake the job. Harland
& Wolf and Workman. Clark & Co. have
enough contracts on hand to keep them
working night and day for two years.
Those two firms have six freight steam
ers on the ways, each one of which will
carry from 15,000 to 20.000 tons dead
weight. They are intended for the trade
between Liverpool and New York and, will
be the best and largest freight steamers
afloat. Besides these large vessels, the
firms named have smaller boats on the
ways also, and I tell you those yards
make up a scene that cannot be dupli
cated in the world. Sir Thomas Lipton
wanted the Shamrock built in Ireland.
In fact, he would have paid more than
the law called for In order to have her
built by Harland & Wolf, but they could
not afford to undertake such a small job
The Shamrock, as you know, is being
built on the Thames." Mr. Woodside is
interested In me mines in Trinity Coun
ty, and Is out here on business connected
with them. ' %
An electric light wire stretched from the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's build-
Ing to a pole at the southwest corner of
East and Market streets snapped and fell
yesterday. Luckily a car was approaching,
and a dozen workmen who are fixing up
the car track had got out of the way.
The car had just passed over -when the
wire fell. It made a mark on the track
where the men had been standing, two
Inches long, a quarter of an inch wide and
half an Inch deep.
Captain J. H. Bennett, -whose resigna
tion from the service of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company was told In yester
day's Call, will be succeeded as superin
tendent of the dock by Captain Thomas
Wallace of the steamer walla Walla.
Captain Wallace is the most popular mas
ter on the Pacific Coast, and everybody
will be pleased to hear of his promotion.
Besides being in the stevedoring business,
Captain Bennett was in a number of other
business ventures, and he resigned from
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company in
order to attend to them.
THE LADIES WERE THERE.
A Most Interesting and Successful
Entertainment Given by the
Olympic Club.
Leader John Hammersmith of the
Olympic Club met with an agreeable sur
prise last evening when ed his
eyes upon the large gathering of
their escorts who assembled in the
handsome gymnasium Inns; before the
first feature of a splendid entertainment
was announced.
One of the most attractive programmes
that the members have ha"d the pleasure
of witnessing' In many moons was con
ducted with a -promptness that reflects
much credit upon the members who act
ed as the assistants to an able leader. The
banjo duet by Arthur Black and Will
McCrory was encored time and again.
The musical feature of the entertain
ment evidently "caught on," and it is
presumed that at future entertainments
of the kind music, both vocal and instru
mental, will be given a prominent part.
The dumbbell drill by pupils of the Grant
School was unquestionably a happy ad
dition to an excellent programme. The
young ladies, under the command of
Professor George Miohllng, went through
a drill that would reflect credit upon the
best drilled army now doing service in
the Philippines. The bell exercise was
loudly applauded by the large and en
thusiastic gathering, and it is presumed
that at future entertainments the drill
by Profesßor Miehling's pupils will prove
to be the most Interesting feature of the
evening The programme that was car
ried out with great success is as follows:
Overture; horizontal bars, \. \idelu U.
Moll. ii. Starkey: aerial posturing, T. Walsh;
brother act. Messrs. Swift and Burke; banjo
duet (a) ' : Ma Rag-Time Baby" (Stone), (b)
"•Minuet" (Paderewskl), Arthur Black. Will
McCrory- eon*. "O. Promt** lie ' (R^nafd
DelCovan) Miss Sandolln: club swinging. Miss
Louise HeUbron; wrestling on horseback, L. J.
Hammersmith. H. Fisher, T. Eager. C. F.
Grl'nth O Williams, A. Fuller. E. Dahl, Doc
FlVnn'song, "Ho, Jolly Jenktn" , (Sullivan),
=»i«nor Abramofi; dumbbell drill by the pupils
of the Grant School. Francos Fuller, lira *.
Malde Jessie McXab. Ida Inrerman. Hazel
i-irran Katherlne Klnzel, Grace Malm, Ruth
Bradford Rose Armstrong. Daisy Upham,
Kst«*Ue Anderson. Edna Osborn. Eleanor Gray.
Professor George Mlehllng Instructor: rope-
Kklprlng and barrel act. F. W. Burgers, A.
Ptone- fencing. Professor Tronchet. E. Ortlon;
the boxer and the Rube. T. R. Manning. J. F.
McCarthy; defying the laws of nature, novelty
without a parallel, "Zeda":rlng ac*. Armand
Brothers; acrobatics. Pan tzer Brothers.
H. Murphy, 630 Market street, lends money
on second mort«ag«* and estates. * •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, APRIL 20. lSOf>.
ENCAMPMENT OF
THE GRAND ARMY
CANDIDATES IN THE FIELD FOR
DEPARTMENT COMMANDER.
Plans for the Meeting at San Diego.
First Delegation Leaves
To-Day.
This evening the first delegation of
Grand Army veterans will leave this city
by rail for San Diego, where the thirty
third department encampment will begin
on Monday, May 1. Among those depart
ing are: Department Commander Sol Ca
hen, Adjutant General T. C. Masteller and
Mrs.Masteller, and Major J. H. Simpson,
nid-de-eamp. On the 28th inst. a large
delegation will leave by steamer, and the
day following others will go by rail. The
Woman's Relief Corps and the Ladies of
the Grand Army also hold their encamp
ments at the same time in San Diego.
Among those who will go from this city
are: General Edward S. Salomon, Colon^i
W. R. Smedberg, Colonel C. Mason Kinne
and Mrs. Kinne, Colonel J. G. Getsttng,
Charles H. Blinn, .T. J. Scoville, A. Mont
ner. Judge A. J. Buckles, Henry C. Dib
ble, Judge J. M. Walling, J. H. Hilton,
Charles Kdelman. Phil Fisher, Colonel J.
C. Currier, Colonel J. .M. Litchfield and
Frank Elliott Myers.
The people of San Dtego are making ex
tensive preparations for the entertain
ment of the veterans, and as this IS the
first time a Grand Army encampment has
been held in that city, the old soldiers are
looking- ; war.l with pleasant anticipa
tion to the hospitality promised them.
There will be no doubt be a strong con
test made by those who aspire to succeed
Commander hen. Los Angeles comes to
the front with two candidates in the per-
Fon of A. C. Shafer of Stanton Post No.
55, and W. H. Seamans of Bartlett-Logan
Post No. 6, both of whom have a fair
following, with the chances in favor of
the former. A. J. Bell of Gushing Post
No. 44. Ventura, is also after the honor,
while Captain A. F. Dill of Heintzelman
Post So. 65. San Diego, seeks the dis
tinction and has much to favor him. He
is not only popular in his own locality,
but possesses many friends among his
comrades from northern posts, he hav
ing been formerly a member of James A.
Garfield Post of this city. While it is
generally conceded that the southern part
of the State should have the honor, it
is by no means certain that the comrades
down there will be able to harmonize upon
any one candidate, in which event some
aspirant from the north may be the suc
cessful one. Joseph G. delating of George
H. Thomas Post has announced himself
for first place, whit--' Henry C. Dibble of
Lincoln Post, both of this city, some time
ago gave it out that he was quite willing
to wear the two stars. Lately, however,
the latter has signified his satisfaction to
be made senior vice commander, but if
there is a possible chance for the honor
to go to some one from this city the Judge
will no doubt promptly repair his fences
so that nothing will escape his pasture.
Before the encampment meets Comman
der Cahen and his staff will make official
visits to posts, as follows: Los Angeles,
to-morrow; San Bernardino, 22d; River
side. 24th; Santa Ana, 25th', Soldier*'
Home (Santa Monica). 26th ; Pasadena,
27th, and San Diego, 2Sth. These visits,
added to those heretofore made by Com
mander Cahen, will make his . record
larger than that of any other commander
save one in many years. In these visits
he has met personally thousands of vet
erans, and accomplished much that is
good for the order. His administration
has been singularly successful,* and will
long be remembered by his old comrades
and himself as one of the most pleasant
periods of his life.
."The Successful Man of Business
Is meeting with an unusually heavy sale j
Doxey's. The first edition of this val
uable work by Benjamin Wood, designed
as a guide in mercantile pursuits, is now
almost exhausted.
Judgment for Defendants.
Many suit ' Btltuted by the
Islais and Salinas Water I'ompany against
as ma?;y property-holders In South San
Franci«''n were deriilfd yesterday by
: Judge Beawell In favor of the defendants.
The defendants In the action vh<>
, awarded favorable judgments are: C. R.
Bishop. Samuel Lowney, charl^? A. War
; ren. Edward Malley, C. J. Platner. Wil
liam J. Kelly, Cornelius Cronln. P. J. Ben
nf-tt. Robert Hlllis Patrick Hurley. J. J.
McKlnnon, John Hand. J. C. Churchill,
! Bartley Cllne, Catherine McGowan. Pat-
I rick Driscoll. A. P. Nylln, H. W. Ronyage,
! Delia Kennedy. Kate A. McMabon, Mary
! Keane, A. MrC'afferty, Andrew J. Nylin.
'. Emma Nylln. Emille VUman. Eug-nne
; Korn, John W. Wright. William McCall.
ftiary I. Mflio. Herman Benoke, Helen
| Beneke, James J. Smith, Carrie Smith,
; James Morton. Mary A. Smith. Gertrude ';
i Lowry, D. V. B. Henarie and I>ouis Kahn.
Best Music in Town.
Ynu can find no better music in town than
Herr Stark's Vienna Concert Orchestra at the
Zinkand every nlpht. •
Grand Jurors Want Their Fees.
Yesterday the Grand Jury sent a com
munication to the Board of Supervisors
asking why their January fees had not
been allowed and requesting- that the
■:• be submitted to the City and
■ • r an opinion "if the
. could not decide upon a course of
r a decision in the case of
jurors serving in the Superior Courts it
held thnt the members of the
■ Qrand Jury are not entitled to compensa
• r their services, and their fi -
not been allow I :ig of
the year.
GREAT CAMPERS EXCURSION
TO SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
1
Will Take Place April 30th.
' As was >■■<;• ted the Southern Pacific
pany's announcement that they j
. , would run a special excursion to the
I n<>t.-a resort placee of the Santa Cruz ;
, Mountains on Sunday, April 30, has i
• attracted considerable Interest to those
who have in mind this famous region
. for camping and summer outings and
promises to be a great success. Thep^
excursion trains will be under the- per- !
supervision at C I mci William H.
Menton, the company's excursion pas-
I 1 seng< who will see to it that
• ell cared for.
Trains will stop at the following well
known camping resorts situated on the
■ line of the Coast Division Narrow-
Alma, Wrights, Laurel, Olen
■ t 1. Campus, Felton, Ben Lomond,
. rdennan and Boulder Creek. Ex
. cursionists desiring to spend their time
' • points can do |
• bo and take the excursion train, which
; will atop for them on the return trip.
; Round-trip rate, $1 23. Train will leave
San Francisco ferry landing at 1
; m., Oakland (Fourteenth and Franklin
I streets). 7:4.". a. m.; Alameda (Park*
i street), 8:20 a. m. Returning arriving
■ in San Francisco at 8:06 p. m.
Tickets will be on sale at 613 Market
Ul I 1! itel ticket office. April
• 27, 2v and 29. and at ferry landing on
: the morning of the excursion. They
\ can also be pi ured at Fourteenth and
i Fmnklin street?. Oakland, and at Park
t station, Alameda, on the dates
' above named.
KNTGHTS OF THE RED BRANCH.
The Kniphts of the Red Rran'h. who ;
have had their headquarters at the corner I
of O'Farrell and M-is.-.n streets for a nufn- I
ber,of »-nrs. and who will have to va
cate in the course of a few months In !
[Uence of a new building which will :
i.'ike the place •<( the present structure !
are neir-tiating with the owners of r a m- ;
hrian Hall, on Mission Btreel between
Seventh and Eighth.
The Cambrian Society has had the sale!
of this property undei • itlon for
some time, but up to the present time no 1
suitable offer had been made until the i
knights came along and made an offer'
f>r the lot and building just as it bU
This offer h.t> been takei nsid- '
eration by the board of directors of thr '
rambrian Society, with the almost posi- i
live assurance of it being accepted
By i his deal the knights will have n
splendid hall of th-ir own. in which all of !
their meetings and other patriotic work
for thr- liberation of Ireland from English ;
rule can be carried out.
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
22 X DR. MEYERS & CO.
P4 V \v
v LJUL N^ Specialists For All
riLe Guide
HOME CURES A SPECIALTY. ""^ST" TILL '^^
731 Market Street, S. F.\v ct/ffEP
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR-
V
MERCHANTS ARE
GIVEN ALL THE
AVAILABLE GASH
Compromise With the
Teachers.
LATTER RETAIN WARRANTS
ALL PENDING LITIGATION TO BE
ABANDONED.
Straightening Out the Claims for
Salaries and Supplies Against
the Former School
Board.
Word was circulated late yesterday aft
ernoon among the merchants having
j claims against the School Department I
, contracted during the incumbency of the \
! former Board of Education that the com
j mittee appointed from among their num
ber and a like committee of the school
teachers had reached an agreement, the
terms of which were even more satisfac
tory to the merchants than those they
had first submitted to the teachers.
This agreement, which the merchants
were assured would be signed by the
members of both committees without de
lay, gives to the merchants all the avail
able funds, amounting to $35,000 or there
abouts, now at the disposal of the School
Board, to be applied to the old claims, and
in return the teachers are to retain their j
warrants for November and December
salaries, while in the event of any money
coming into possession of the board from
! any unexpected source, such as the inher
itance tax, for Instance, or there being a
surplus at the end of the fiscal year, it
shall be divided between the teachers and
merchants In the proportion of about 9 ;
to 1 in favor of the teachers. By the I
terms of the compromise the teachers are
to dismiss all pending litigation, includ
ing the suits Moses vs. The Board of Edu
cation, Brooks vs. The Auditor and Board
of Education, and Morse vs. the same de
fendants. In return the merchants were
forced to reduce the total of their claims
by $17,008, making it approximately J71.0W.
The merchants are elated over the terms
of the compromise, and well they may be,
for they are enabled to divide among
themselves at once f36,000, while the teach
era must look to the uncertain future for j
any portion of their salaries for the
months of November and December. But
: in justice to the members of the commit
tee representing the teachers it may be
added that they did not surrender their
i claim to this money on their own respon
sibility. On the contrary, the teachers
themselves forced them into the step.
At a recent meeting of the teachers the
committee submitted a report embodying
an offer from the merchants whereby the
teachers were to place their warrants tor
the two months in the hands of a trustee
as a guarantee of gocd faith, the mer
chants to adopt a similar course in regard
to their claims. The available funds, at
that time supposed to amount to much
more than $35,U00, were to be equally di- i
vided between the teachers and "mer
chants, and any funds thai could be de
voted to the purpose in future were also
to be divided. When this proposition was
submitted there was a great commotion
among the teachers. A large majority
fancied. the placing of their warrants In
a trustee's hands meant the absolute as
signment of them, and that they would
receive but a Email portion of .the" amount
due them after having surrendered their
claims.
At a subsequent meeting the teachers
rejected the offer and expressly instructed
their committee not to enter into any
i agreement whereby Ihe teachers were to
< give up possession of their warrants.
Kather than to do that they were willing
the merchants should take the entire
amount of available funds. With those
instructions the committee could only
make the best terms possible with the
result that the merchants last night were '■■
j chuckling over the agreement which, they
say, has been definitely adopted and only
awaits the signatures of the members of j
: the two committees.
The merchants arid other creditors, |
aside from the teachers Aid Including la
borers, have placed theft* claims in the
hands of a trustee, who will draw the
money and divide it pro rata among them.
The teachers, besides surrendering half
of the 135,000, or $17,000, which the mer
chants offered them, nave, by agreeing
to abandon all litigation, left the legal :
status of their salaries as badly muddled i
i as ever.
YANKEE GENIUS HAS ;
CONQUSBED BRITAIN
Employers Say They Are Eandicap-
ped by Restrictions Not Placed
on Americans.
Recent large contracts awarded to
Americans for locomotives, and especial
ly the contract for a railway br'.dge :n the
Boudan, have put Rritlsh manufacturing
engineers on the defensive.
The above remarks are not applicable
to the manufacture of English "cloths,
wllrh are to-day the hest clotiia in the
world. Charles Lyons, the London Tailor.
us>'s exclusively Kr.irliph cloths, and has
now received his complete line .>.° Bj.::njv
and summer styles from his London
houso. Lyons carries a stock whicn f r
fxient and variety can only he e-I'id.ied bj'
a wholesale woolen house. Bus
In lipbi and dark colors, blue serges and
dots, from $15.50 the suit to order
Ti 01 sera from $4 per pair to order, and
a:i inmense variety or high-class cloths
suitable for all (Masses. Lyons' main
stor^ and wholesale warehouse is at 721
Market street, in the Bancroft building,
the Kearny street store being now at L 22
K-.arny street, in the Thurlow block. •
Board of Hospital Commissioners.
The question of committees receiving a
per diem while transacting business for
State 'hospitals was .-settled yesterday in
an opinion handed down by Attorney Gen
eral Tiny L. Ford. The opinion contains
the information that all committees and
F'lh-commtttpps shall receive compensa
tion while acting in such capacity. The
State Board of Commit r any
part thereof, will not be compensated for
visits to hospitals to- attend inves
tions of hospital affairs, as the law
not require their presence; nor will they
be paid while attending the hospitals dur
ing visits of the executive or members of
the Legislature or on other offleial occa
sions. They will, however, be compensated
according to statute, while they are pres
ent on official visits of official inspection
or when they constitute a board of exam
iners at civil service examinations.
STANDING TOGETHER.
Soldiers Will Not Tell Who Were
Bioting on Sunday Night.
Investigation into the riot of Sunday
night at the Presidio is no nearer a suc
cessful conclusion than it was when it
started. It seems to be hung between the
civil and military authorities with every
prospect of no result. The military peo
pie fay they can only question the men
and unless some one can come and identi
fy some of the men who were in the riot
they cannot do anything unless the ring
leaders confess. Rehfeld says he cannot
identify any of the men who assaulter 1 ,
his place, but he thinks the police offi
cers who were there ought to be able to
do so. The police say Rehfeld can iden
tify at least two or three of the men he
saw around his saloon if he wants to.
and so the matter is passed from one to
the other, while the "casuals" who were
mixed up in the row are being assigned
to transports for service in the Philip
pines.
One man, Arthur Billings, who has been
ordered on board the Warren, was taken
back to the post yesterday because it was
supposed he knew something of the row,
but his information has not affected mat
ters much so far. Fifty others were also
ordered off the transport because It was
believed she was too crowded.
Mary Alice Burrell, Wilha Dockrill.
Margaret Bertram, Mary Hambly, Carrie
Howard and Salina Hayden, Red Cross
nurses, have been ordered to prepare
themselves for service in the Philippines.
They will be taken out there in the trans
port Newport.
Injured in a Row.
Durinp a trivial altercation at 15 Welsh
Btreet last evening Jam>=s Merrick, a la
borer, struck T. IT. O'Nell, a stevedore,
over the head with a piece of wood, cut
ting a deep gash. ONeil's wound was
dressed at the Receiving Hospital an>i
his assailant was locked up on a charge
of an assault with a deadly weapon.
An Excellent Combination.
* The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syriri of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining 1 the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting 1
them in the form most refreshing- to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening iaxa-
Hive, clean sinsr the system effectually,
dispelling- colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting- on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening;
or irritating- them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing- figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
I known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
', effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
! CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
LOUISVILLE, XT. NEW YORK, N. Y.
For sale by all Drueiistß. — T>ri-v 50c. per bottle.
AMUSEMENTS.
GREAT NEW COMEDY BILL.
FAVOR AND SINCLAIR.
In Their New Act, "A High Roller."
CLARICE VANCE. Rair-Ttme Comedy.
TOM AND LILY ENGLISH, Musical Come-
dians.
! THE ANDERSONS, Darktown Comedy.*
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY in
New Farce Comedy. "Extravagance."
MARSHALL P. WILDER. New Stories.
HENOLER SISTERS. PANTZER BROS.
AND ITLLE. LARDINOIS.
Pne-lal Benefit Matlnoe San Francl«eo F-ult
; and Flower Mission. Friday. April 21. Ros-
ner'e Hungarian Orchestra, by permission of
Musicians' Protective Union.
Prices Lower Floor, 50c; Balcony, 25c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
1 Mrs. Ernestine Krelir.g. Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
EVERY EVENING.
The French Vaudeville Operetta,
THE LITTLE TROOPER.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
NEXT WEEK— The Merry Comedy Opera,
"THE GEISHA."
"A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE."
: With CHAS. W. SWAIN, FRANK COFFIN,
TILLIE SALINGER, GEORGE COOP-
ER added to the company.
Popular Prices, tec and 50c. Our Telephone,
I Bush 3.
| SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
LAST APPEARANCE OF
lan Madaren,
DR. JOHN WATSON' D.D., the Eminent
Author.
Direction of MAJOR J. B. POND.
TO-MORROW (FRIDAY) AFTERNOON
AT 3:30 O'CLOCK.
Subject, "A DOCTOR OF THE OLD SCHOOL,
BEING THE LIFE AND DEATH OF
DR. WM. McCLURE OF DRUM-
TOCHTY."
RESERVED SEATS .lOc and 91.00
On sale to-day at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music
Store.
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR GANTZ, the Merry Midget, in the Zoo
JOE STORMS JR., CONGO and
the REMAINS of SALLY in
THE ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN ThFfREE THEATER.
TO-NIGHT—AMATEUR NIGHT!
Amateur Burlesque Boxing Match.
Admission, Including Zoo and Theater. 10c;
Children Always sc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spring Opening
NOVELTIES
IN
NECKWEAR
SHIRTS
| UNDERWEAR
i HOSIERY
ALSO
Ladies' Waists
POPULAR PRICES.
Eagleson I Co,
o *
J. 6. Eagle 3on. W. I. Hawkins. "
748 and 750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE MERRIEST FARCE IN TOWN,
A BAD LOT
JUST TO MAKE YOU LAUGH.
15c, 25c ■ • RE s A T v s ED ■ ■ 35c, 50c
Next Week— "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK.
.BOSTON I AN S.
TO-NIGHT AND FRIDAY,
"THE SERENADE,"
Sat. Mat. and Night— "ROßlN HOOD."
EXTRft-!NEXT A\ONDAY,
ROLAND REED
IN GEORGE H. BROADHURST'S COMEDY,
"THE WRONG MR, WRIGHT."
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Here Is Where They Raiss Laughter—
Irays
I *- JOHNNY— EMMA.
't; ►* In the howling farce,
(RAYS
.!■ HXNY-EMMA.
In the howling firce,
A HOT
V OLD TIME !
THE LAUGHING LIMIT.
; GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. BUBX
THIS EVENING AT S.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In a Superb Revival Of Jacobowski's Beautiful
Opera,
ek.m:hstie!
Every Member of This Famous Lyric Organ-
ization in the Cast.
FRIDAY EVENING FULL DRESS
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, 75c and SI
Dress Circle (Reserved) 50c
i Family Circle (Reserved) tSe
j Gal 1 cry lio
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices, 15c. 25c and s')e; Nothing Higher.
NEXT WEEK— "EL CAPITAN'
TO-MORROW, FRIDAY, AFTERNOON AT 3,
LAST RECITAL
\ SAUER
PRICES $100 to $3 00
KNABE PIANO USED.
Seats Now Selling at Grand Opera House and
at Kohler & Chase's. •» •
MARKET STREET, NEAR EIGHTH.
| THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA.
BATTLE OF
MANILA
BAY
ENTRANCE OF AMERICAN FLEET.
1 SPANIARDS ON GUARD. DEWEY ON THE
BRIDGE. SPANISH SHIPS IN FLAMES.
FIRST CALIFORNIA REGIMENT STORMING
; FORT SAN ANTONIO. MANILA. CAVITE.
Open Dally, 9 a. m.to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 50c; CHILDREN, 25c.
Opera Glasses.
H. GILMOUR. Manager.
CONCERTS AND REPORTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Commencing MONDAY, April IT. at 8:13 o'clock.
POPE LEO XIII lYvl^to DA y
Biographic Exhibition of Marvelous Moving
Pictures of His Holiness, POPE LEO XIII.
The coronation ceremonies of Queen Wilhel-
irina of Holland. The return of heroes of the
late war. and many other moving views. Grand
vocal and instrumental music. Afternoons at
3 o'clock. Evenings at 8:15 o'clock. Admission,
tO cents; children, 25 cents.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing, Bowling. Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip... Sic ; Children, lac; Including admission
to grounds. '
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will .leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:1«,
i and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo mX
11:15 a. m.. L 3 and i o. m-
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
PIMM ART OF THE MARKETS.
Bnd news from the Prune crop.
\nw base prices for Sugar.
Piiver uncha
Wheat and Barley futures still higher.
Other cereals unchanged.
cutting Flour.
Haj "till depressed.
Bran :ind Middlings unchanged.
1 'onoiderable change in Beans.
b unchanged. Onions lower.
Poultry steady.
Butter B id Eggs weak.
Cherries in iight receipt.
Strawberries keep cleaned up.
Porter reports from the Apricot crop.
Provisions unchanged.
Lamb lower. H"«s firm.
lined.
f ProduCfc.
BRITISH COLI'MIUA SALMON PACK.
R. P. Rithet & Co. of Victoria estimate the
British Columbian Salmon pack of IS9S at 484.
--161 rases, against 1,015,477 in 1897. The ship
ments were 454,781 cases and the. stock on hand
Is 29.350 esses.
EXPORTS OP PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port during the
first quarter of the year were $7,663,200, against
$9. 756.300 during the same quarter in 189(5. the
leading shipments being as follows: Atlantic
ports. JS^.4OO; -eat Britain. 1910,800; China,
$1 O"4.3OO; Japan. $1,022,100; Australia. $422,500;
British Columbia, $227. 70"; Russian Asia, $235.
--800; Mexico. $323,000; Central America, $469,400;
Hawaiian Islands, $1,719,600; Philippine Islands.
$151,000, against $18. <W last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 19. 6 p. m.
The followings are the seasonal rainfalls to
date ns compared with those of same date last |
teason and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 14 Hours. Season. Season. i
Kureka 0.00 31.55 31.16
Bed Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.87 |
Fan Kraneisco .... «00 15. &> 7.75
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
Ban Luis OWspo 0.00 14. 6.06 !
Lop Angeles 0.00 4.73 6. 28
Ban Diego 0.00 4.54 4. 1S
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.6S |
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature, I
6S; minimum, M; mean, 59.
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
The weather is cloudy over Washington, i
partly cloudy In Arizona and fair over the re
maining portions of the Pacific Slope. Light
rain has fallen in Western Washington and
Northern Utah and snow in Wyoming.
The iressurt* has- begun to fall slightly along
the central coast of California; elsewhere it I
hns risen.
The perature has risen in the northern
portions of Nevada and California and over
Oregon.
Conditions are favorable for fair warmer
weather In California Thursday.
Forecast made at San Franc for 30 hours
ending mjdnicht April 20, I^9:
Northern California— Fair; warmer Thurs
day; light variable winds.
them California Pair Thursday; light
Nevada— Fair: warmer Thursday.
Utah— warmer Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; warmer In north
portion.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer
Thursday; light northwest wind.
G. H. WIL.LSON Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETa
NEW Yi'M. MARKET.
NF.w YORK. April 19 There Is a certain
contingent of Flock Exchange speculators who
base -their ventures for the day on the tend
ency of prices displayed at the immediate open
ing of the market. To- day's initial trading
pave promise of an active and strong market j
and induced some outside buying-, but there
was a development of weakness in the after
noon. The early demand was stimulated by the
decided strength displayed by the granger
group, which was helped by reputed more fa
vorable climatic conditions In the wheat 'belt
and an encouraging statement by the Gov
ernment of the general crop conditions. These
circumstances caused a relapse in wheat prices,
which were also influenced by heaviness in
Liverpool. Interest ran mainly to railway
etocks and some of the individual interests be
came prominent. It must not be inferred that
there was an entire abandonment of profes
sional operations in the specialties, ac these
properties were utilized at times •as a lever
to enhance or depress values of other shares.
In fact the afternoon's weakness could be di
rectly traceable to a brisk selling movement
on ih. 1 high-priced specialties, which received
momentum subsequently through liberal offer-
Ings of the grangers on late report* of crop
damage. This statement was colored to some
extent by a sharji rise in wheat, with the
thorts covering heavily. The late break en
tirely eradicated the gains in the railways ana
put many of the specialties considerably below
last night's close. Brooklyn Transit. Manhat
tan and Tennessee Coal and Iron yielded the
most readily. Pronounced strength was die
played in Colorado Fuel and Iron shares, which
retained advances of over 5 points each in the
common and erred on rumors pending fa
vorable developments in the efforts to harmon
ize the conflicting elements In the anthracite
coal trade and the adoption of a schedule
of prices for the spring caused sharp advances
in th»>se stocks, which moved counter to the
general market at the close. The market ended
irregular, with the railway list little changed.
Good support was extended to the bond mar
ket and t<ome substantial gains occurred on an
active demand. Total sales, $4,140,000.
United States 3's coupon, 4's registered and
old fa registered advanced % In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 553,0<il
■hareß, including: American Steel. 11.500;
American Sugar. 12,300; Anaconda, 7000; Atch
lfon preferred, 700; Brooklyn Transit, 42 400;
Burlington, 51.300; Chicago Con. Traction, 10.
--4'Ki; Chicago Terminal T. R., 3500; Colorado
Fuel and Iron. 800; Continental Tobacco,
IS, 000; Federal Steel, 28,800; Hocking Coal and
iron. 4400; International Paper. 3000; Kansas
and Texa* preferred, 4100; Louisville and Nash
ville. 23,200; Manhattan Con., 23,200; Metro
politan, 42<«>; Mexican Central. 4000; Mexican
National Certificates, 3600; Missouri Pacific,
?f"-L,-\" tlO u al StPe1 ' 10 - SO ' >: Nortn American,
13..-.-0; Northern Pacific. 3100; Ontario and West
ern. "OOjJPeople'a r;as. BSOO; Reading first pre
ferred, 5300; P.ork Island. 800; St. Paul 22 300-
Southern Railway, 44M; Tennessee Coal 'and
I™- ?[>»■• l-'n">n Pacific. 5400; do preferred
Lake Erie, SIT"" Leath ' r ' 3600; Wheeling and
CLOSING STOCKS.
atchison 20% SI 1. & s W 124
Do prefd 6Ui Do prefd 33%
Baltimore * Ohio. 72 St Paul 120
Canada Pacific SS 7 i! Do pr.-fd 170
Canada Southern.. 574 ' St P & Om. .. '"' 95
Cent Pac 51%! Do prefd 165
Ches & Ohio 27?* So Pacific 34
Thl & Alton 16S Bo Railway .. . ny.
Chi B & Q 144% Do prefd .... '. 53
fhl * E 111 72'h Texas & Pacific 23' i
Do pr-Vd ir>> 2 Union Pac 464
CM G W 15% iDo prefd : 73 4
Chi Ind &- L 9Vi i; p i, & a J5« ;
Do prefd 464 Wabash *U.
Phi &. N W l6Hi| Do : refd 23
Do prefd 193 ; Wheel ALE. 12%
C C C & St L 604| Do 1 refd ........ r,\
Do prefd 97 I press Companies—
De & Hudson 1234 Adams Ex ii"
Del L & W 1754 American Ex .... 110
Den & Bio G 22'» United States .. 53
Do prefd 754 Wells Fargo r>(s
Erie n«w 13H! Miscellaneous—
'Do Ist profd — Z'^'-A Cot Oil 3SVi
Ft Wayne Hi Do prefd 92V4
Gt Nor prefd 194 Amn Spirits 14'
Hocking Val 94 Do prefd 38U
Illinois Cent 115';, Am Tobacco ... 227&
Lake Erie & W....it,S Do prefd .... 144 i
Do prefd 8S Cons Gas 196
Lake Hhrre 200 Com ' Cable Co l«0
Louis & Nash ShVCol F & Iron i9U
Manhattan L 124 ! Do prefd 110
Met St Ry 251 Gen Electric ... 119
Mich <>nt 113 Haw Com! C 0.... KiQ
Minn &St L... 514 Brooklyn R T.... 131
Do Ist prefd .... 98 Intnl Paper 54U
Mo Pact) 50% Do prefd .... 83'
Mobile & Ohio .... 4SVi Laclede Our .... 54 '
Mo X & T 13»-i Lead M%
Do prefd 40\ Do prefd 113
N J Central 1194lN*at Lin Oil 44
N V Central 1404 ' Pacific Mall f,'i(.
S V Chi ASt L.... 14 People's Gas 127%
Do Ist prefd Cfi Pullman Pal lh'l4 j
Do 2d prefd 32 Silver Cert 60 " .
Nor West 19>4 Standard R & T.. 10%
No Amer Co 11% Bugar 165 ;
No Paclflo 52% j Do prefd 116 |
Do prefd 7SH T C & Iron 66"$ ]
Ontario & W 27% U S Leather 6T»
Or R * Nay pfd.. 70 Do prefd 73%
Or Short Line .... 41% U S Rubber .... F,3Vi
Pac roast Ist pfd. 84 Do prefd 115
Do M prefd 58 West Union 934
PlttFburg vIS 4 Fed Steel 67T»
Reading 24> 4 Do prefd 864
Do Ist prefd .... 66',; Amn Steel 66
R G W 33 Do prefd 954
Do prefd 76 Pac Coast «». 40
Rock Island 117 Norfolk & W pfd. 674
St L & S F 114 Colo Southern 64
. Do prefd 71 Do Ist prefd 524
Do 2d prefd .... 39^1 Do 2d prefd .... 21
CLOSING BONDS.
D 6 2a reg 994 1 Do 4.- 94
Do 3b reg 107»i N V Cent Ists Jls
Do la coup 108% N J Cent gen 55...1i5»4 i
Do new 4s reg 128% No Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s c0up.. 130 ; Do 4s 104
Do old 4b reg 1124 No Pacific Ists 119
Do old 4s c0up. ..1134 J Do Is 68
Do la reg 111% ' Do 4s 103=i
Do 6s coup 113 NYC& St L 45. .106% i
Dist of C 3. 655. ...117 Nor & W con 45.. »34
Alabama class A. .110 Do gen 6s 130
Do class B 110 Oregon Nay lsts...H2i^
Do clasi C 100 Do 4s 103-i
Do Currency 100 Oregon 8 L6s 1304 I
Atchlson gen 45... 101% Do con 5s 111% 1
Do adj 4s E3<4 Reading gen 45.... 894 ]
Canada Bo 2ds 1104 Rio O W lsts 97? i
Ches & Ohio 445.. 944 St L & I M con 6e.110
Dp/«., v . v ,,,m Jst L & S F gen te.12»%.
Chi & N W con 75. 144% St Paul con 168%
Do S F dob 65. ..123 jSt V C & P Is t0... 121
Chi Term 4s 101 I Do 5s .121*4.
Den & Rio O IstS..IOBV4 So Railway 5s 10SV4
Do 4s 101%: Stand R & T 65... 90
E T V & G 15t*... 106 ITenn new set 35... 98
Erie gen 4s 72 Tex & Pac 15t5....H4
FW & D C lsts.. 84% 1 Do 2ds " 4 %
Gen Electric 55. ...116% Union Pac 4s 106 VI,
GH&S A6s 11l |U PD & G lsts 90%
Do 2ds lll%iWabash lsts 11K%
H & T C 5s 111%! Do 2ds '97
Do con 6s 10S West Shore 4s 114'»
lowa Cent lsts 103%!Wis Cent 15t5....... 6'.<H
X C P & G lsts... 65% Va Centuries 8«
La new con 4s 110 I Do Deferred 9
L & N unified 45.. 96% Colo Southern 45.. $6%
M X & T 2ds 6S I
MINING STOCKS.
Chniiar M I Ontario 6 75
Crown Point lSJOphlr 100
Con Ca.l & V 1 60 Plymouth ID
Deadwood 501 Quicksilver 3 2j
Gould & Curry 35 1 Do prefd »00
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 95
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 10
Iron Silver 58 Union Con •*"
Mexican Ml Yellow Jacket 22
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were active and cheerful to
day. Americans were steady sit parity. The
close was firm. The dealings were entirely by
arbitrage. Copper shares were strong. Tintns
were *(.- A . Anacondas opened weak at 9% and
Closed at 10%. There were big dealings in sin
gle options at IS to en.l with the year. Utahs
were 9% and Bostons 1 9-16.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 19.— Canadian Pacific, 91%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 81; Union Pacific
preferred. M 1 *: Grand Trunk, S%; bar sliver,
easy. 'J7VI per ounce; money, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 19— Receipts,
26,140 barrels; exports, 8991 barrels. Somewhat
stronger "and fairly active on the advance in
wheat.
Wheat receipts, 46.250 bushels; exports, 23.861
bushels. Spot, firm. No. 2 red, 84%0 f. o. b.
afloat, and So%c elevator; No. 1 Northern,
81!£c. Options opened easy under cables, but
rallying on bad crop news ruled strong all
day with a good speculative trade, mostly
local. The worst news came from Kansas and
Missouri, and was supplemented by an ab
sence of rain in many sections of the belt.
Closed strong at l'jjl^nc net advance. Sales in
cluded No. 2 red, April, 80%tf?S0^c; May, 7S*»@
79% c. closed 79Hc; July, 78 a «<&"80*ic. closed So%c;
September, 77% < g79 7 - ! c, closed 7!*%c; December,
7S»«'gSO%c t closed So',c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WO 'I. Quiet.
METALS The market in general shows
marked strength and a fair amount of activ
ity. To-day ir"ii and tin advanced sharply on
'iui!^ »n intlux of buying orders, together with
favorable news from abroad and the West.
1 ither departments held well. At the close the
Meial Exchange called:
ri"iIRON -Warrants, firm and higher at
$10 5" bid and $11 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Nominal and unchanged at
$1S 50.
TIN -Firmer, with $25 12 bid and $25 25 asked
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 32U bid and •■
asked. The brokers' price for lead 13 $4 10 and
for copper $10.
SPELTER— Firm, with $6 fiO bid and $6 75
asked
ci iFFEE— Options quiet at unchanged prices.
Sales, 2600 hsiKS, Includine: June. $5; August,
• . October, $5 4.. S] : coffee— Rio, steady.
Mild, steady.
• AR— Raw, strnnp. Fnir refining, 4 3-16 c:
centrifugal, % test. V-»c- Ltd; molasses sugar,
4 1-liic. Refined eugar. firm.
HT'TTER— Receipts. 5926 packages. Barely
steady. Western creamery, 15^©19c; factory,
EilGS— Receipts. 12,026 packages. Easier.
Western, 144.-; Southern. 13%
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April IS. -California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED AFPLES-Common, 7@B%c
-prime wire tray, SVgSc; choice, $3S%c; fancy,
'. a 1".-.
PRUNES— 4%©S
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13%®14c; Moorpark. 14®
ISe.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9013 c; peeled, 25'<?2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 19.-Wheat started easier in
response to lower cables and continuance of
yesterdays liquidation. Early crop news also
seemed bullish, as several sections reported the
situation promising. Up to noon trade was
light and scalpers were Inclined to short the
market. However, the crop-killing machinery
! got into working order again and th« bulls
who already had wheat bought more. Toward
the end of th* session sellers of calls for the
day were forced to hedge by purchasing the
options. Offering? became light and a general
stampede followed, shorts covering early sales
at fair losses. July got to a premium of V>e
over May, and as th*re was a good urnrit In
carrying th- latter, elevator people bought
heavily of May. May opened >;<? to >*.c. at 73%
<S73?sc, Improved ciowly during the forenoon;
then became very strong and jumped up to Tic.
closing at 74Vu7r..\ July, which opened at 74\,
<574% c, rose to 76% c and closed at 76Vi@763iC.
Aggregate receipts at principal Western pri
mary markets were considerably smaller than
a year ago. Atlantic exports of wheat and
flour amounted to 17S,0fi<j bushels.
Corn started weak and received little
assistance from the bullishness of wheat until
near the clot The feeling among corn specu
lators was that plowing up of wheat would
mean that much added to the acreage of corn
May corn closed H,c higher.
Oats were steadied by light receipts and buy
ing by shippers on account of the reduction to
be made in rates. May oats closed a shade
higher.
Provisions were heavy to begin with, but im
proved, owing to higher prices at the yards and
in sympathy with wheat. Shorts bought and
liquidation of May was not so much in evi
dence. May pork Closed 7%c higher. The
range in lard and ribs was small.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
! May 73% 75 7314 75
July 74% 764 74*, 76%
September 7376 76% 73?, 76
lOrn No. 2 —
! May .' 34% 35% 34% 55%
! July 35% 36 26?g 36
September 36 36% 3i;t, 'm->
, Oats No. 2— 2fi% 27 2GH 26%
May 2«'S 27 J _ 26%
! July : 24 » 25 24% 25
September 23% 23% ■ 22's 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 9 02% 9 17% 9 02% 9 12%
July 9 22% 9 37% 620 L 930
: September 94 0 955 940 '9 47%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 6 17% 525 5 17% 525
July 5 30 5 40 5 30 5 37%
September 5 42V4 5 52% 5 42% 5 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 4 72% 4 77', 4 72% 475
July 486 4 92% 485 • 490
September 4 97% 506 4 97% 5 02%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, better demand and 10c higher; No. 2
spring wheat, 7S©74c; No. 3 spring wheat SR®
73c; No. 2 red. 7«Vj®7Sc; No. 2 corn, 35^@35#0;
No. 2 oats. 274@27%c; No. 2 white, So4@3lc;
No. 3 white, 29^@30Hc; No. 2 rye. 67% c: No 2
barley, 40<ff47c; No. 1 flaxs^d. $1 19' i; North
west, 51 234; prime timothy seed, $2 324; mess
pork, per barrel, V 10©9 15; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 224<ET5 25; short rib Sides, loose. $4 45
<t/4 B0; dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@44c;
short clear Bides, boxed, $4 90@5 05; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 28.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9.000 18,000
Wheat. bushels 41,000 IS.OOO
Corn, bushels 38,300 12.$ri')
Oats, bushels.... 220.000 68.000
Rye, bushels 3.C00 48.000
■ Barley, bushels 19,000 13.000
1 On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
i market was o.iiipf and easy; creamery. 1:; '<
194 c; dairies, ll'^lTc. Kegs, fresh, 13c.
• Cheese, steady; creams, 1141T124C.
.. LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
"Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 '% 5 7%
, Closing 5 74 6 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug.
Opening 42 75 43 SO
Closing 42 m 43 50
Wheat—
I Opening 20 90 21 10
Closing :. 21 00 . 2110
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
■ CHICAGO. April 19.— CATTLE-Owing to the
large supply of cattle to-day buyer? 'held back
and trarle was unusually slow, with prices rul
ing largely 10c lower. Fancy grades. J5 70®
6 SO; choice steers, jr. 30^5 65; mediums, $4 660
4 S3; beef steers, J4®-4 60; stockers and feeders,
$3 75<J?5: cows and heifers, $3 MifH 25; Western
fed steers, $4 ZOOS 30: Texas Bteers, $3 70®4 70:
calves, J3 50®6 10. ■,-*--•'
HOGS— There was nn active demand for hogs
and prices ruled strong at an average ad
vance of sc. Fair to choice, $3 924®4 05; heavy
packers. J3 70<f?3 90; butchers, $3 7504; light
*3 7003 95; pigs, V, KM 85. S '
SHEEP— Trade in sheep was good and prices
steady, Lambs made up the greater part of
I the offerings. Colorado unshorn lambs sold at
$5 78©5 90; Westerns. $6 70© 5 80: shorn natives
J4@s 15; shorn sheep, J4 6S@4 90; choice year
lings, $5; common sheep brought $3 90<g4 50
Receipts— Cattle, 16,600; nous, 22.000; sheen
16,000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., April Clearings, $26C -
907; balances, $64,410.
• NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April 19.— A stronger feel-
Ing yfßJi reported in the local wheat market
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
to-day and prices advanced to 59c for club and
62c for blue stem.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, o r .. April 19— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla. "<•■•'•. Valley, 60c; blue stem, 61@62c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 19.— Consols, 110%: silver.
27^d; French rentes. 102f 7V 2 c; wheat cargoes
off const, more inquiry; cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged: cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 28a fid; cargoes Walla Walla. 2Ss
i:na-lish country- markets, steady
LIVERPOOL, April 19.— Wheat, falfly active;
wheat :n Paris, stf-ady; flour in Paris firm
( ■< (TTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm. Futures, quiet; May
6s 7%d; July. 7s \<\.
CORN— Spot, steady. Futures, steady April
3s sVsd; May, 3s 6Vid; July, 3s 3«4d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 $5
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 $7
Sterling Cables — 4 gg
New York Exchange, sight — It
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars — 48@48V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINB.
"WHEAT Private advices from Chicago re
ported an excited market, due to "the worst
crop reports ever seen," which is a pretty
strong statement The deficiency in Nebraska
was given at 60@75 per cent. But predictions
of rain in all States except Kansas tended to
check the advance. Light showers were re
ported east of the Mississippi last night.
1 Locally the market was firm, with a further
advance In futures. To the surprise of the
trade spot prices did not improve with futures
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06*ri ; milling;
$1 10@l 12%.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
6000 ctls, $1 14V. 22.000. $1 14%; 22,000, $1 14*,
May— lH.ooo, $1 09. .
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls $1 144
--4000, $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%; 2000, $114%; 2000,
$1 14V -20,000, $109%; 10,000. $1 0914.
Regular Morning Session— December— Bß,ooo
I Ctls, $1 15%; 2000, $1 15%; 4000, $1 14%; 42.000.
isl 15. May— l2,ooo, $1 09%; 2000, $1 09%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls
$1 15>,|,; 2000. $1 15%; 14.000, $1 15%; 20,000. $1 i:,»,.
BARLEY— The continued clear skies are har
dening the market on call, as will be seen by
the quotations, but the spot market shows no
: change whatever.
Feed, $1 02%€>l 07%; Brewing. $1 1001 12% per
! Ctl.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
j 4W> ctls. 89c: 2000, 89% c; 4000, M)* 4 <\ December—
20U0, 92% c; 2000, Me.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— l2,ooo ctls
S9NiC. December— 2ooO. BBc. *
Regular Morning Session— December— 6ooo ctls,
93c; . 00, 03Hc; 4000. »3c. Seller '99. new— 2ooo.
S9%c; fiOOO, 59% c; 4000, S9%c.
Afternoon Session Seller '99, new— ctls,
S9? B e.
OATS— There is nothing going on to disturb
quotations, one way or the other.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 37 1 -. ql 40; common, $1 32%@1 35; Sur
prise, $145^160; Gray. $1 32» s 37%; Milling,
Jl 40@l 42% per ctl; Red, $1 45©1 50; Black, $1 30
Cil 40.
CORN—
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 12%; White. $1 12%; mixed, $1 06»4@
1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE- ?! per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUTFS.
The millers are doins more or less cutting- In
Flour, though the tendency In Wheat Is rather
than otherwise.
FLOUR — California family extras, $3 75;
I bakers' extras, $3 5098 65; Oregon and Wash
ington, S3@3 60 per bbl.
MILLPTUFFS— Prices In Backs are as fol
i lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
i Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour,' $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. }7: Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5004 7;,
Oat Groats, 14 75; Hominy, J3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, 5-4 4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75
--i Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), 16 85@6 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75-
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 60; Green Peas
$0 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF'S.
In spite of the continued moderate arrivals
of Hay the market shows no improvement, ex
cept that there is rather more selling. Feed
stuff s stand as before.
BRAN $15 50©16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50<g 20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $23 50(324 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $3103160; job
bing, $32'§32 50; Cocoanut Cake, J24Q25; Cotton
-1 seed Meal, $25!&30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 60; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$16G-17.
I ' CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $13?jU for
pood to choice and $10012 for lower grades;
; Wheat and Oat, tW[ilA; Oat, $10gl2; Barley, $9
<3n; Alfalfa, $6f?7.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $7®B; Cheat,
$6-gS: Grass Hay, $6@B; Oat, $7<§B; Clover, $6{jS;
Timothy, $6fi7 per ton.
STRAW— 26®BSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
A few narrow changes in Beans will he ob
served. The market is quiet and featureless,
1 except Lirr.as, which are very scarce and firm.
BEANS Bayos, $1 70*11 7:., Small Whites. $2
&2 15; Large Whl-tes. $1 ROffl SO; Pinks. $1 900
2 05; Reds. $3 25^3 35; Blackeye, 8494 10; But
ters, nominal; Lunas, $4; Pea, $2 25@2 .">0; Red
Kidneys. $2 f>o p« ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, I4®3c; Flax, $2 1502 25; Canary Seed,
2»i'fl2»«c per lb; Alfalfa. B%®9Uc; Rape, 2U@
2»ic: Hemp. - i £3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1650170; Green, $2©
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1064 boxes Asparagus, 469 boxes
Rhubarb, 320 sacks Peas and 163 sacks new
Potatoes. V
Onions are lower and weak at the decline.
Potatoes are unchanged.
Green j Peas have again declined under in
creased receipts Garlic is still higher and
scarce. Other descriptions are about the same.
POTATOES— SI 40<g'l 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40.jjl >>.'. for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 15
ill 30 for seed nd $1 5092 for large; Sweet
Potatoes, $3 for Merced; New Potatoes, 208 c
per lb.
ONIONS for fair and 75<!?90c per ctl
for fancy.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50®78c per box
for No. 2, $1©) 50 for No. 1 and $1 73 for fancy;
Rhubarb. 40© 76 c per box for the general run
and f'iW!gsl for fancy; Green Peas, 24*g4c;
String Beans, SftlOc for green and 7<i?S>c for
Golden Wax; Cabbage, $1 25©1 60; Tomatoes,
?1 7502 50; Egg Plant, IBc per lb: Garlic, 15c
per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb: Dried Peppers,
10c; Green Peppers, 20c; Carrots, 25i5'35c per
Back; Hothouse Cucumbers, 60c<g$l 50 per
dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, SijllOc per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Poultry was steady and not materially
chanced. A car from the East came In late
in th" day. and another is expected to-day.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys are about out;
live Turkeys, WQUc for Gobblers and 14515 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings
$2 25@2 SO; Ducks, $6^7 for old and $7 60#9
for young; Hens, U>®B 50; young Roosters, $7 SO
®9; old Roosters, $5©5 50; Fryers, J6®7: Broil
! ers, jr/af for large. $3@4 50 for email; Pigeons,
$1 60'jil To per dozen for old and $1 7ag)2 25 for
■ Squabs.
GAME— Geese, $2 50; White Geese, 50®
75c; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $125 for Cottontails
and $1 for small; English Snipe, (3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
, The Butter market continues weak, with am
ple supplies. Pome packing is now being done.
Cheese Is easy, but no lower. Eggs are weak,
and store Eggs are underselling the local pro
duct. Eggs are advancing in the East, and are
now at a point where they cannot be Imported
at a profit.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 164@1~c; second*
16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16c; rood to choice, 14@14V4c;
store, 11312 c per It). •
CHEESE l holes mild new, ll@114c; old,
10@104c: Crram Cheddar. 126*12 Young
America, 114<&124c; Eastern, 114@14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15%<?16c for store and 164@
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18^l7c per
dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 85 boxes Cherr!<\3 and 173
chests Strawberries. .':
Cherries are steady and reports from the
early districts do not Indicate large shipments
In the near future. The crop will not be very
large this year. Strawberries are cleaning up
well at fair prices.
Citrus fruits are In fair demand and un
changed.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 25@1 60 for common, $2@2 50 per
box tor No. 1 and $3®3 50 for choice to fancy.
■ Strawberries, $SigS per chest for small and
$3 50<&5 for large berries.
Cherries. 75c@$l for red and $1 25@2 per box
for black. A special brand of black sold at
$2 2;.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50^3 50
per box; Seedlings, IVgi: Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 50<J2; Lemons, $1 25@1 50 for common and
VX&'i 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$5 50(&6; California Limes, 50@75c per small
box; Grape Fruit, $2@3; Bananas, $1 6002 CO per
bunch; Pineapples. }2@4 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Bad news was received from the Prune crop
yesterday. A prominent house In the trade re
ceived telephone' massages and letters "from
the three largest districts In the State that
the severest drop ever known la now going on,
and. one district reported that it would be
lucky to get a quarter of a crop. The news
was a shock to the street, for up to lately the
crop was supposed to be looking well. How
ever, it was known around Sonoma a fortnight
ago that the crop would be almost a failure,
but ii was thought that the damage was con
fined to that district, but it is now proving
general. As there have been no frosts of any
consequence this spring the drop Is ascribed
to the dry weather last year, which left the
trees too weak to mature this year's crop. It
is to be hoped that the conditions are not as bad
as described yesterday, but another week will
tell the story. •
To partially offset this discouraging news
from the Prune crop, the Apricot crop Is re
ported looking rather better.
DRIED FRUITS— Prune:, 7c for 40-50' s, 5@
6%c for 50-60's. 4@4%c for 60-70's, 3»i®3%c for
70-SO's, 2»4<g3«4c for SO-90's. 2%@2%c for 90-100's
and 2<g'2»4c for 100-110's; Peaches. 8%@9%c for
. good to choice, 10@10%c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots 12%@15c for 'Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9%c; eun
dried, 6%@7%c; Black Figs, sacks, 3Uc; Plums,
nominal, 2c for unpitted and 4%g6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3% for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes^ 2%@3c. -
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per 1b; Walnuts, s®Sc
for hardshell, lOigllc for softshell; Almonds.
SI&9C for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6i§7c for Eastern and
4%<J?sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10<g-lic for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, "Vi®
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S#27c per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per It) for heavy,
B%<g9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%(g'13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s>i@s%c per It) for
compound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels,
pare, 8c: 10-Ib tins. B%c; 6-Ib tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 200 lbs, 1-tb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-1T) palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-Ib pails, 12 in
a case, B%c; 10-tb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lt)
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7vgc; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7?4c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS. ')
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@9%c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6@6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35<S60c each: medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
OOclgU 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 70@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW- No. 1 rendered, 4«@4%c per Ib;
No. 2, 3%{?4c; refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7@9c; year's staple, 6%@
8c; Foothill and Northern free, lie; Foot
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada,
lie.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6%@Sc
Southern 6<g7%c
Plains : 4®6c
HOPS— IB2B crop, 10@llc per tb for ordinary,
12% c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, B^c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26#28c; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50,
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 in bulk and JD 25
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, Jl4;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, 112 per ton lit bulk and $14
in sacks.
COAL OIL— Is lower, as follows: Water
White Coal Oil, in bulk, 114 c per gallon:
Pearl Oil. in cases, 16% c; Astral, 16% c; Star,
lG^c; Extra Star, 20% c; Elaine, 21% c; Eocene,
18% c.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Running Com
pany quotes, terms net cash in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, •"'>'■. Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry Gran
ulated, &%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; California
A. 4%c; Magnolia A, 4*ie: Kxtra C. l%c; Gold
en C, 4%c; barrels, 1-18 C more; half 'ban. 4
*ie more; boxes, %c more; f>O-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue firm. Lamb Is lower. No
other changes.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7H@SVic per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%S?Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V!(Sc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 9(5 10c per lb.
PORK Live Hors, .i.-i for small, sVi®S%c
for medium and 4H@4%c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4Q4%c; dressed Hogs, 6V2@7ViC.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, April 19.
Flour, qr sks 12,796i8ugar, eks .... 2,200
Wheat, rtls Sugar, bbls 425
Barley, < tls 8,325 1 Lime, bbls 317
Rye, ctls 330! Quicksilver, flks. 105
Cheese, ctls ill Pelts, Mis 93
Butter, ctls 265 Hides, no 623
Tallow, ctls 12 Leather, rolls 93
Beans, r.ks 1,453 Wine, gals 22.200
Potatoes, sks 490 Eggs, doz 19,770
Onions, .«ks 956 Wool, bales 482
Bran, iks 456 Straw, tons s
Middlings, sks 150 Hay, tons 240
OREGON.
Flour, qr Fk« 1,268 Onions, sks 300
THE STOCK MARKET.
The leading variations In local securities
on the morning session were an advance in
Hawaiian Commercial to $103 so and in Giant
Powder to $68. The other stocks stood abuut
•: c.
' -n the afternoon call the two stocks men
tion.■•! above were weaker, and the market
■■ - gl D( rally quiet.
Mining stocks wore rather weak. The tele
gram from the pump said: "Water in ]7.">0-ri>ot
level winze. 25 feet 11 ."..lies below ih» sta
tion." It is reported In this city that hereafter
Instead of running steadily for Sixteen hours
■ ■lit of the twenty-four, the pump will work at
alternate periods of six hours.
Consolidated California. ,v Virginia is aa
sessed 26 rents.
The weekly letter from the Justice mine
states rliHt on the 300-foot level they '-..minne
to stope ore from No. i upraise. The old west
crosscut is extended 60 feet and requires close
timbering. During the past week they hoisted
36 tons an.l 1300 i>.'un.i> of ore. The car samples
averaged: Gold, $15 68; silver, 4.8 ounces; total
$!S 60 per t..n. On the tBO-foOt level they mj-p
still working north from the upraise. During
the week they hoisted 18 tons of ore fp>m this
level, the t»..x sample average being: Gold
$4 6:'; silver, 6.7 ounces; total, $S 71 per ton.
on the bond (esslon ••! the Ban Pranclsco
St'» k and Exchange Hoard the only *m]p whs
10 Hawaiian Commercial at $103.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevada 'ju^n Mining Company of Tusrarora,
Nev., lias been called for June 23, to rote upon
a proposition to diminish the capital stock from
$10,000,000, divided Into 100,000 shares of the par
value of $100 each, to $100,000, divided Into 100.
--000 shares of the par value of $1 each.
The <">ceanic Steamship Company has declared
a dividend of 60 cents per share, payable on
May 1.
The Hutchlnpon Sugar Plantation Company
will pay a dividend of 2.i cents and the Spring
Valley Water Company one of 42 cents per
share to-day.
The Red Jacket. Mining Company of Devil's
Gate T'lMrict. Storey and Lynn counties, Nev
has levied an ussesnient of 2 cents per share'
delinquent May 27.
At the recently held annual meeting of the
Champion Mining Company of Nevada City
District, there wag one change In the Hoard of
Directors. J. I>.. Rosenthal was elected in placn
of Emil Schuck. The other old mraihors of the
board were returned, including Ous Kartschoke
T. Fetz, .1. S. Schuster, J. Asslon, J. s. Ott and
H. Stelnegger. Ous Ka.rtschokf? was re-elected
president. J. Fetz vice president, J. S. Boiling
secretary and Fred Zeitler superintendent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. WEDNESDAY. April 19-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L P... — S
«s quar c0up.. 113^114 Equit Q L Co. 7% 7*i
4k <iunr re?...— — Mutual El Co. 15% I6ii
4s quar new..l2n'iJ2:»\ Oakland Gas.. 45% 47
Ss quar COUP..IOB 108% Pac Gas Imp.. 76W —
Miscellaneous— Pac LCo 45 46
Cal-st Cab 55.116' i — SFG .£ E.... 73% 73%
Cal Elec L 6s.l2sUl27VS'Ran Fran...... 3% .<•£
C C Wat 68....10814110 [Stktn Gas 6s. — 13%
I)up-st ex c... — — I Insurance—
E L. & P 65. .130 135 Firem's Fund. — 227%
F& Cl Ky 68.116 - Bank Stocks-
Geary-8t R ss. 01 — Anfrlo-Cal .... — 67
HC & S 5%5.1<>2% - Bank of Ca1.. 255 —
L A Ry 55.... 105 105% Cal S D & T. — 99%
LAL Co 65.. — - First Nation). — .?».'
Do gntd 65.. 101% — Lot, P & A... — 132
Market-st 65. .128 125% M er Exchange — it,
Do Ist M ss. — 117% N'ev Nat 8k..150 —
N C N G R 75. 108 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 115 — Ger S & L.. — 1875
N Ry Cal 85..1114 — Hum 8 & L.1050 1160
NIC R R 65. 108 — Mutual Say.. — 4m
NPC R R 55.102 — S F Say U." 500 ' • —
N Cal R R 55. 106% — SAL, 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55... — Security 8 B 300 350
Om C Ry 65.. 125% — Union T Co. — 1450
P & Cl Ry .108 109 Street Railroads—
I' & O6s 117 — California ....113 117
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 55 —
Par El Ry ss. — — Market-st .... 63% 63%
8F& N P 55. 114 — Oak S L&H. - -
H I' A S JV85.115%116% Presidio 14 16
SlerraßCal 6s. 106% — i Powder—
S P of Ar 65. .112 California ....170 190
8 P C 6s (1905)110%lU%:K Dynamite... - 102%
31* C6b (1906) — — .Giant Con Co. 67% fi~s.
SPC 6s (1912) - - jVigorlt 2<4 2%
SPClscgßiiftv — Sutar —
SP Br 6s 123 — Hana P C 0.... 16% 17U
B V Water 6 8 .116%U6% Haw C & S C.103 -. — '
S V Water 45. 104% — Hutch S P Co. 32 32>4
S V W4s(3dm).lo2\»lo2VPaauhau S P. 39 • 39%
Stktn Gas 65.10 i; Bio^8 io^i A | Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— IAI Pac Assn.. llo —
Contra Costa.. 66 66>4,Ger hi Wlta..2Jo : —
Marln Co SO - ;Mer Ex Assn.. 90 -
Bpring Valley. 102* B M2»i Oceanic S Co.. — 75
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1U lii
Capital Gas... - - IPac C Bor Co. 110 —
Central G Co.. — — |i> 8 r Paint Co.. 7^4 —
Morning; Session.
Board— .*<■:■.'..■■:
125 Contra Costa Water .' 66 50
10 Clant Powder Con :. 67 00
25 Giant Powder Con 67 12&
60 Giant Powder Con 67 50
100 Giant Powder Con 67 62V4
65 Giant Powder Con 67 75
100 Giant Powder Con 67 87%
30 Giant Powder Con 68 00
20 Giant Powder Con, s 30.... 67 75
1 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 25
440 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
50 Market-st Railway 63 50
50 Market-st Railway, s 30 63 25
150 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
300 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 77 00
10 S V Water ; 102 37V&
110 S V Water ■ 102 50
$11,000 IT S 3 per cent bonds (coupon) 108 37>£
Street—
$1000 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 103 00
600 Paauhau S P C 0..! 3D 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— '
25 Contra Costa Water 66 37^
35 Contra Costa Water , 66 00
50 Contra Costa Water 66 12' i
75 Equitable Gas 7 ii 2' 2
15 Giant Powder Con 67 62' 3
75 Giant Powder Con 67 75
225 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
30 Market-st Railway 63 50
5 Pacific Gas Imp 76 50
125 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 50
20 S V Water 102 62%
Street—
1525 Paauhau S P Co. 33 00
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Moraine Session.
Board—
75 Mutual Electric Light 16 37%
25 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
75 Equitable Gaslight 7 75
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ,103 00
15 S V Water 102 25
$2000 S V Water 4 per cent (3d issue).... 102 00
Street —
20 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Paauhau 5 P Co 39 00
40 Mutual Electric Light 15 S7&
200 Vigorit Powder 2 BO
20 Pacific Gas Imp 77 00
IS Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
. 10 Hawaiian Commerical & Sugar 103 12^
MINING STOCKS.
• Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Moraine Session". •
500 Belcher 881 .vw Mexican 55
linn Best & Belcher 55 inn Ophir 1 10
5M ("hollar 30 1 inf| Overman 12
l 10 Con Cal & V...1 70 s 100 Savage 27
100 Gould & runy. 3s Bon t'tah 13
Afternoon Session.
800 Alpha 05 1 200 Gould A Curry. «7
300 Andes 13, 300 Mexican 56
300 Best & Belcher 56! 100 Ophir 1 15
lvii challenge 33, 200 Overman 13
I'"' ''hollar 31 300 Savage 27
60 Con Cal <fc V...1 75 100 Sierra Nev 1 00
100 Confidence 77 500 Utah 13
500 Crown Point... 20! 300 Yellow Jacket.. 3ft
Following were the pales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
Son Belcher 35 2"0 Mexican 55
3'«' iTiallenße Con. 32 j 200 Mexican 57
460 Con Gal .* V.I 72% 200 Occidental 35
4i»i Con «'al & V...1 70 400 Ophir 1 12»»
600 Con Cal & V...1 75 400 Ophir 1 15
800 Gould & Curry. 38 800 Potosi 23
300 Hale & Norcrs. 23' 500 SeR Bcicher.... 03
SOil Justice 15: 700 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 12 300 Crown Point... 20
200 Belcher 36 300 Mexican 53
400 Belcher 35 400 Ophir 115
500 Belcher 34 700 Ophir 112%
(00 Best & Belcher 55 400 Savage 25
200 Challenge Con. 32 500 Seg Belcher.... "3
. . Chollar S2I 4<»i Sierra Nev. ..102%
300 i"hollnr 31 12*"« * Sierra Nev 1 "0
n I !al & V...1 70 500 rtah 12
200 Con Cal & V.I 67% 200 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
t&fldence 1*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 19—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 04 (16 Justice 16 17
A!ia 09 in Kentuck 04 05
Andes 12 14 Lady Wash.... — 01
Belcher 32 S3 Mexican 52 53
Best X- Belcher 54 5S Occidental 32 —
Bullion 02 02 Ophir 11" 1 15
' a 1. -'lonia 29 30 Overman 12 13
ir 80 31 Potosi 23 24
I'hallenKe Con. 31 32 Savage X 28
Confidence 7C> 80 Scorpion "1 03
Con Cal ft V...1 65 170 Seg; Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02, Sierra Nev 95 100
Crown Point... 19 20|511ver Hill — 04.
Con N>w York. — 02 Syndicate OS "7
Eureka Con — 50 Standard 2
Exchequer — 03 I'nlon Con 44 45
A Curry. 37 38 I'tah 11 13
Hale ft Norcrs. 24 2S Yellow Jacket.. 37 3S
Julia 02 03
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Jnhn and Ellen Nightingale to lsirtor
Schwartz, lot en XE corner "f Fell and Polk
streets, N 7:. by E 27 6; WO.
Edward B. ami I.ilo I'errin to Henriette
S< heeline iwife of Simon), lot on S line of Clay
Btreet, 82:6 E of Oough, E by S 127:SH»; $io.
Frank E. Dietz. by Murray F. Vandal! 'com
missioner) to Thomas D, Rlordan, lot on W
line of Scott street, o2:8^ S of Clay, B 60 by W
81:3; Ji
Ellen Fletcher to .Teannette A. Clabrough. lot
on S line of Washington street, 215 E of
Broderlqk, E 30 by S 127 :S»-i: $K>.
Kathertne McDonald to Alfred T. Moss, lot
on S lln- "f Washington street, 32:6 E of
Spruce. E 30 by S 100; $10.
San Francisco Bridge Company. J. a"nd Lena
McMullen t.> Atlantic Gulf and Pacific Com
pany of New York (a corporation), lot on W
line of Sanpome street, 60 N of I'nion, N 60 by
\V 44:6;
Same to same, lot on S\V corner Main street,
137 6 NW of Harrison. N\V 60 by SW 137:6;
$2500.
Joseph an.l Mar>' Cuneo to Angelo Ferrog;
glaro lot on S line of Filbert street, 137:6 E of
Mason, E 67:8% by B 137:6; »in.
. I. .anna Coogan (Drlscoll) to Michaells Olnser.
lot on W line of Mason. 92 N' of Pine, N 23 by
AY 62:6; Jio.
Clara Paiim to 'William W. Rednall, lot on
W line of Utah street, Ji2:6 S of Marlposa, S
60 by W 100; U».
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Fer
nando a. Smith, lot on W line of rtah street,
111' 6 S Of Martposa. S 2.". by \V 100; $IROO.
Charlotte F. Green, Mortimer Green and
John Mortimer to William Weber, lot on BW
line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 75 SE of X
street. SK M) by S\V 100, block Cl 7, Hay View
Railroad Homestead; Jio.
Roman fat nolle Archbishop of San Francisco
hi corporation sole) to Henry W. Roning. lot
on S line of Rlchland avenue (Thirty-fourth),
500 W of Mission street. S 100, W 44:6, N to
point E 23; $250.
Trustees of South San Francisco Homestead
and Ftallroad Association to Phoebe J. Coffin,
re- record 17R4 d .W, lot .'.. block 402. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; n
< >dd Fellows' Cemetery Association to James
McMacklin, lot 12. pint 1, Omega Section; $2«o.
William E. Lutz to Fidelity Building and
Loan Association, lot on N line of Waller
street, H>o W of Broderlck, N IS, W KiO, S
62 degrees S minu'ten E 20:6%, S 24 degrees 31
minutes E 129:fi. S "S degrees 51 minutes E 16:8,
E 44: $10.
Beely F. Long, b"" James M. Hnnley (com
mlssioner>. to same, same; $17,575.
Emll V. and Ellen Lonigo to Jacob Heyman,
lot nn NE corner if Forty-seventh avenue, and
J street. E 82 :« by N 100; $8)0.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free nf expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ins directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information ran always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new F^rry
building at the foot of Market street 1? hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the I'nlted States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. < " a 1 .
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Timed and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, APRIL 20.
Sun rises 5.38
Sun pets , 6-50
Moon set* 2:26* a.' m.
;-,
2:39 1.1
3:14 1.4
3:46 0.1
4:21 0.!
5:01 -0.1
5:451—0..
Ft.
7:49
" 8:41
9:31
10:19
11:05
11:51
12:41
Ft.
4.1 1:45]
4.1 2:20
4.3 2:54
4.5 3:30
4.6 4:C6
4.6 4:42
4.6| 5:21
4.1
4.1
4.3
Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
1.31 8:37 6.1
1.5 9:05 5.2
I 1.7 9:30 6.4
| 1.91 9:56 5.6
2.1 10:24 5.8
. 2.3 10:55 5.9
I 2.6 11:31 6.0
Ft.
i... I
t ...
i ...
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left |
hand column and the successive tides of. the .
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rlvea the
last tide of the day. except when th^re are but
three tides, a? sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth civen by the charts. The plane of
referent is thp mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants'" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April in. 1899.
Thp time hall was not dropped to-day. Wires
down. C. O. CAX.KINS,
Lieutenant. T\ S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
! _— —
B. Hernpter....'i"oquille River Apl. 20
Mackinaw ITacoma Apl. 20
Coos Bay... (Newport '. (Apl. 20
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apl. 20
North Fork Humboldt Apl. 21
City of Para... [Panama ; Apl. 21
Corona San Diego lApl. 22
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 22
Pomona [Humboldt Apl. 22
Bristol .....(Departure Bay Apl. 22
Coquille River. .Grays Harbor Apl. 22
Fulton [Portland Apl. 22
Czarina (Victoria & Puget Pound! 22
Wyefleld ....;..|Nanaimo [Apl. 23
Luella (Tillamook ! Apl. 23
Weeott [Yaquina Bay (Apl. 24
Ronita Newport Apl. 24
Alliance 'Portland (Apl. 24
Crescent .. 'Crescent City lApl. 24
Empire ICootf Bay (Apl. 24
Washtenaw ITacoma Apl. 24
Willamette Seattle Apl. 24
State of Ca1.... I Portland Apl. 25
Australia Honolulu Apl. 25
Curacao iMexlco Apl. 25
Santa Rosa Pan Diego Apl. 26
Umatilla (victoria & Puget Sound Apt. 27
Columbia Portland (Apl. 30
From.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Newburg ..(Grays Harbor! Apl. 20, 6 pm|Pler 2
Santa RosalSan Diego :Apl. 20, 11 am Pier 11
City Rio J..irhinart-JapanlApl. 20, 1 pmIPMSS
A. Humboldt |Apl. 21, 10 am (Pier 13
Queen Vie « Pgt Sd. I Apt. 21. 10 am Pier >
Coos Bay... Newport (Apl. 22, 9 amPler 11
Pt. Arena. .lPolnt Arena.. Apl. 22. 3 pm|Pler 2
Columbia ..'Pnrt'pnd Apl. 23. 10 amlPler 24
Corona 'Pan Diego |Apl. 24, 11 amlPler 11
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 24. 2 pmiPler 9
Bonlta (Newport (Apl. 26. 9 amlPler 11
Walla Wal'Vic & Pert Sd.lApl. 26. 10 amPler 9
Allinace ...(Oregon Ports. 'Apl. 27, 5 pm'Pier 13
State Cal... (Portland 'Apl. 28, 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
SHIPPIXG I\TEI>LIGE.\CE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. April 19.
Ptmr Samoa, Jnhnsen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Fegerlund, 13 hours from
Greenwood. ■■; .. '.. ■
i Stmr Webfoot, Atwood, 10 day« from Willapa
I Harbor.
I Bark Kate Davenport, Merrlman, 14 days
i from Port Rlakelry.
I Schr Monterey, Beck, 13 hours from Bihlers
> Point.
] Pohr La Glronde, Hansen, 11 days from Grays
i Harbor.
Schr Reliance, Nordlinir, 22 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, April 19.
[ Stmr Marlposa, Haywards, Sydney, via Hono
i lulu; .7 D Spreckela & Bros Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Invincible, Mackenzie,- Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
1 Schr Indiana. Verrey, Bristol Bay; Alaska
I Packers' Association.
Schr Nokomls, Hansen, Nicolaefskl; James
de Fremery.
! Schr Annie M Campbell, Findberg; Xlcolaef
| ski; Macondray & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 19.
| Ptmr Progreso, Monroe, Seattle.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Btmr Aloha, Joreenson, Albion.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Tug Collis, Port I.os Angeles.
Rr ."hip Routenburn. Jensen, Queenstown.
Bark Levi G Burgess, Youngren. Tacoma.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. Bowens Land-
Ins.
Schr Czarina, Sohmalz, codflshlng.
CHARTERS.
The Caterina Accame Is chartered for wheat
! to Europe. 22s 6d.
I • The Powys Castle loads flour at Seattle for
I Hongkong; S D Carleton, sugar at Kahului for
I New Fork, IS 50.
! TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 19, 10 p Weather
■ hazy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
April 12. lat 46 N. long 23 W— Br ship Eulo
mene, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ST MICHAELS. Azores. April 14— Br bark
; Ktnfauns, from London March 21, for Hono
| lulu, has put in here damaged by collision with
the Portuguese Government ship Pero Alem-
FALMOUTH, April 19— Br bark Madagascar,
from San Francisco, reports encountered a gale
on April 14 and lost two boats and had decks
swept.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April 19— Schr i
Mary Etta, hence April 15.
i TACOMA— April 19— Br ship Inver
j ness-shire, from Hiogo, via Neah Bay. April
1 IS— Mr stmr Garonne, from Honolulu.
! Sailed April IS— Stmr Walla Walla, for San
| Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up April 19—
j Stmr I'matllla, hence April 16, for Victoria.
PORT LOS ANGELES -Arrived April 19—
1 Btmr San Mateo, from Nanaimo.
NEAH BAY— Passed out April 19— Schr Co
rona, from Port Gamble, for San Pedro; Br
| stmr Bristol, from Nanaimo, for Pan Fran
; cisco; Chil bark Altear, from Victoria, for I
west coast South America.
Passed In April 19— Stmr Waahtenaw, hence
April 16, for Tacoma.
EUREKA— Arrived April 19— Schr Eva, hence
April 14.
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 19— Stmr Hueneme,
for Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK Sailed April IS— Ship Charles E
Moody, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived April 16— Br bark
Ktttnallie. from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived April IS— stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived April IS -Ship Louisiana,
I from Vancouver; Br bark City of Adelaide,
from Eureka; stmr Alameda. hence March 23. I
; April 19— Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. hence
March 17: stmr Victoria, from Tacoma.
ANTOFAGASTA - Arrived April Bark
Highland Light, from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— April 19— Bark
j Carrollton. for San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed March 21— Br bark Kin
fauns, for Honolulu.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed April Stmr Curacao,
] for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived previously April 19—
: Stmr Hongkong Maru. from San Francisco, via
Honolulu; ptmr Victoria, Tacoma, via Yoko
; hama.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 19— Stmr St
! Louis, from New York.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed April 19— Stmr Dres-
I den. for Bremen.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Te Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
YorK at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob- j
servation Car and Electrlo I
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAM FRANCISCO TICKET" OFFICE — 523 MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN IS3L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Ofluca— West Santa Clara St.
THE SAR'FRAnGISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom Jan. 28, 1839. trains will run a* follows!
1 . Bouth-bound. North-bound.
Pasien- Mixed. Mixed. Pa«3*n-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday' gar.
-Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally,
' 7^20 am 10:80 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pm
»:10 am 1:06 pm Meroed 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:36 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:33 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm VUalla 6:40 am 1:22 pro
12:16 pm! 6:53 pm, Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pnj
; Stopping at Intermediate points as required. '
, For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inqulr* at 'fraftlc Manager's Office, S2l Harkel
BAILEOAIi TBAVEL.
(Main' Line. Foot of Market Street.)
- FROM APRIL 9, 1839. - areiv*
•fi-OO*. Niles San Jose »nd Way Stations... *8:45 a
7 : OO* Benfcia •luisun »nd Sacrarminto. . . . 5:43p
4".00 A Mar,iville. OrouUe and Redding «fa
T^O.ElS'v^aVnieandßui^y^ «=«r
H-..IHK Ban .low, Liv.rnjore, >?<<"£"{'■
lone. .Sacian.eiit... FJacertUle,
M^ryßvilli.. fhico. Ited Hliiff jA^l
»:BOa 'Milton, Oakdale aud donora. , . ... «»13p
9:00 a Martinez, Tmcy, LatUrop, Stockton,
Merced »nd Krenno •••• l*«l»P
I»4»Oa nesno, UakenlieM. »nita B«ri»™.
Los Angelea, Demiog, El Faso,
,O:«« A Va^ O M«Hntzl,urWaySiation; I:*>*
12:00 m NUes, Li»ermore. Stockton bacra- , „
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vualia,
I'crterTille • .J.Yi«p
•l:OOp Sacramento Uiver Sleauiert......... "»s»»P
littr Martinez, Bail Kniiioii, Vallejo, «,.-.
Najia, i;all8toB». Santa 1t05a...... V»I»»
4:OOr Beuicia, Vacaville. Sacramento,
Woodland. Ki.iKlita Landing,
MaryiTille, Oro»ille ?'.i?t
4:»«»p Nlles, San Jose and Stockton • -I;!.'
4:30p Yoaemite Sleeping Car for Raymond l*.i»P
s:OOpTheOwl. Fresno, Bake rafield, ban-
ta Barbara. Lcs Angeles •••■■•• »■***
•ESsOOp F»cinc <oast Limited. El FajO.
Fort W<rth. Lirtle Rock. St.
Louis. Chicago and East j5,,t
.1:80p Stockton, Merced. Frenno " !I3F
Martinez, Tracy, Meudota, Fresno,
Mnjave and l.os Ai.K«len 4! »*
OiSOp Santa Fo Uoute. Atlantic Kxnress
for Mojavn and Hint ?«? P
0:OOr Kuropean Mall. <» B ilfn and Kant.... »:*•_»*
6:0«p Hay wards, Niles and San Jose ' l r!: A
*6:OUi- Vallejo 12:1. IF
7iUOr Oregon Kx|ireas,t)Bor«hieiito. Mary*-
villr, ItrililliiK. Porttatnil. l'uget
Kimnd and Kast 7s4i»A
}»:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- lo . 5O
flO:O5p Sunset Limited! Fresno, Los .
Angeles, El Pa«o. New Orleans _||
and East tl'»!.^
SAX LIAMHiO AMI lIAYWARDS LOCAL.
(Poet of Market Street.)
1 MelrONi-, Seminary I'nrk, f 6:IRA
«:OOa Kitrlilmri;. KlniliurHt, (*»:■•%«.
ill: I) (I a Sail l.ramlrn. South Kan i«»:l.1»
lO.OOa Lr:mdi'O. K.itudillo, 1<):I5\
<IliOOa • Lorenzo, Cherry { fll: 1'^
»*••' llayuardv «!***
' :oop i Runs through to Nile. 7-43F
) t From Nlleg. t. <-+' Jr
COAST 111 VISION (Narrow iJnnire).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBJO3*
B<lSa Newark, Centerville.San Jose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3«30»
*2:13p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations • 10:30*,
4:13p San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions..... 9:80*.
64il5p Felton, Santa Cniz and Way Bta-
tlons /O:a«U
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. a
rromSi!) mKCISCO— Foot «f Hirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 II:0l)«.M. 11:00 *2:30 t3:08
•4:00 t5:00 •B:o3r.ii.
fromOilUHD— foot BroidwaT.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
112:00 »l:00 ta:OO '3:00 tt:C3 •g:OQr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad «ange).
(Third and Towpgend Sts.) <
•6:IOa South San Francisco «fl:3Op
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New -
Alinalen Wednesday* only) l::i»r
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Stations • :8:33r
9iAoa San Jose, Tr.-» Pimm, Hanta Cruz,
Pacilic <irove. Pano BobleS, Sun
Luis Obisixi, Guadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p i
1Oi«»a San .lone and Way Stations •»:««* ~"\
I1:3»a San Jose anil Way Stations 3:3 Up
•ai43rSan Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lode,
Gilroy, Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
GroTB . *I«:S»1»
•»:3»p San Jose and Way Stations *«iOOa
•4:1 3p San .lone and Principal Way Station* 11:43*
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:30
3:.top San Jose and Principal Way Stations •S:3sa
6:»oi> San Jose and Way Stations 7:30
♦ 11:43p San Jose and Way Stations . 7:HOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundayii exrepted * Sunday only, t Saturdays only.
HJlondajs only. (/Saturday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE •
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tfburon Ferry, Foot or' A.arket St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. I- ; 1:30. 3 3UL.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■ WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:03,
6:25 p. m. .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i • Arrive
Pan Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i ■ 1 'April 16, 1 .
Week ; Sun- 1*99. Sun- j Week
j Days. I days. j Destination. days. | Days. | .-. »
i 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am' 8:40 an» r
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 10:28 an»
6:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa K.)sa. '■ 7:35 pm 6:20 pru
Fulton, ~*
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an«
Healdtburs,
Lytton.
Geyßerville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pnj
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 an«
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. i 7:35 pm 6:20 pru
7:30 am| 10:25 aai
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
! 3:30 r m j 6:2 0 pn|
™ i -"!■ — r- f 4
, 7:30 am, 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an»
I ' and ! !
< 6:10 pml 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 8:06 pm 6:20 pru
I 7:30 ami 8:00 am! Sebastopol. '10:40 am 10:25 an»
! J3:30 pm 5:00 pml • I 7:85 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagg»
Spring*: at Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hop*
: land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
| port and Bartlett Springs: at T'kiah for Vichy
! Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, LauraJ
I Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
: Potter Valley. John Day.". Riverside, Llerley's.
! Bucknell's. Panhodrin Heights. Hullvllle.
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, ■ Whitesboro, Albion," Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Ural. Willltts. Laytonvllle, Cumi
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
j Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*;
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids;,
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
NORTH PACIFIC coast railroad.
Via Sausalito Ferry. J
i FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXJUBX "^
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. »9:30. U:00 a. m.: "l:«.
i »:46, 6:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San- Rafael on Mon-
, days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS - »i-M. nO:00. «U:3u a. m.; no*.
(:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN KICANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS - 5:25. *6:15, 7:45. »9:JO a. n».j
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45. 5:06 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:40 p. ru.
SUNDAYS — 8:20. •8:00. •10:00. «11:55 a. a.;
•1:15. •S:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN JRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:46. 6:45. 7:65. 9:40 a. m.:
it-SB. 2:45. 2:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS ac Mondays. Wednesday ■
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. IM, S:2JL
»:00. 6:10 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:10 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and war »taa.
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
Try the
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid In 50-cent Mexican dollars.
Buy your ticket over the
MEXICAN CENTRAL ftAILAWY.
For rates and further Information address
C. E. MINER,
G. W. P. Agent. R. 209, Houser bldg.. St.
Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK,
A. G. P. A.. City of Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY. -
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday*
Sept. 11. 1893:
week. Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. U.
THO3. COOK & SON. Agent*. €33 Mart*/PRETTY ELLA
PRYAL TOLD
OF THE FIGHT
An Umbrella Led to
a Family Feud.
IN A HOME OF WEALTH
ATTORNEY FITZGERALD GOES
AFTER COLONEL GARRITY.
They Also Would Have Fought Had
They Not Been Threatened With
Arrest in Judge Quinn's
Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
r
■
When Charley called at the hou?e for his
umbrella Will declared that it was his.
and Charley protested that "It !s mine."
Then the war b«gan. They came to blows,
and the sisters and the father took a
iaiid. Shirts were rippod to pieces, fire
wood was used for a weapon, and r.ot un
til the hired man came in was peace re-
L Miss* Ella Pryal, an exceedingly hand
some young lady, went on the witness
stand and told of the sad occurrence at j
the Pryal home. •'Charley called tor his :
umbrella." she said, 'ur.d Will objected •
that he was not taking his own umbrella, j
They came into the sitting room, where
we "all were, and there was a quarrel.
Will took a piece of hard wool < produced
in evidence) and struck Charley on the
head with :: becau.-'e Charley was so
boisterous. I attempted to pull them
apart and took a strong hold of Charley's
shirt collar, but the collar gave way and
- :.'. was torn off his back."
Mis.- Pry-at's story made It plain that
while she tried to keep Charley away
from Wil!, Will was held dowii by the !
other two listers, who sat upon him in I
one comer of the room. Charley was evi
dentiv able to keep at bay the whol*
family?
The hired man heard the unseemly
- • ,■.:: : went into the room uninvited.
'Af was at once made the object of Char
leyfs attention; but being a big, burly fei
:■'. v .-- paid no attention to young Pryal's
talk, but Invited him outside and *<oon
ronvinced him that he had better quit.
This was cot the only story of the fight in
the court. Prison Director R. M. Fitz
geirald, who is a powerful leader of one
branch of Alameda's Democracy, was
counsel for Charles Prya-1, the complain
ing witness. Colonel Thomas F. Garrity,
a foremost leader of the other wing of
Alameda's Democracy, appeared for the
defendant. And they wanted to light.
There has been righting in the Pryal fami
ly over the mother's estate, and Attorney
Garrity persisted in asking Will Pryal if
there had not been a quarrel in the family
for months over the estate of their de
ceased mother.
Attorney Fitzgerald objected, Garrity
perslsted; Fitzgerald got angry, Garrity
defiant.
Finally Fitzgerald broke out: "You are
not big enough nor ugly enough to bully
mej .i..d it you think you are step outside
the courtroom and try."
"You just take care of yourself." re- I
torted Mr. Garrfty, "ar.d you will find
that I am able to take care of myself. 1 *
Attorney Samuels; representing the Dis- i
trict Attorney's office, suggested that
court adjourn for five minutes so that the
attorneys could settle their argument in
the rr-.dor.
Constable Weidler here interposed a
threat that if the peace of the Justice's
court were disturbed there -would soon be
■ - ession headed for the County Jail.
'.<.::= hail the desired effect and the case
: :'■ ■■ BWHBHM
The three Misses Pryal. Will Pryal
Charles I'ryal went on the witness
stand and told the exciting story of a
r. .:-.: at Pryal's. Will admitted that he
used the Mock of wood, but said it wa3
in self-defense, and Judge Qulnn took the
■-■■I under advisement until next Friday.
when he -will render a decision.
It i 3 not thought that the proceedings
of to-day will tend toward an amicable
settlement of th? civil proceedings In re
the mother's estate.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
EEP.KELEY, April 19.-The Art Asso
ciation, an organization recently started
among university people, closed a two
days' exhibition of pictures and art pro
ductions this evening. It was a very suc
cessful affair, drawing- an unusually large
number of visitors. The pictures were ar
ranged for display in Stiles Hall, William
Keith and other California artists receiv
ing: prominent places. The Keith collec
tion, loaned for the occasion by art lovers
of Berkeley and San Francisco, consti
tuted without doubt the finest group of
the local artist's work which has ever
t-een exhibited in public. Through
the courtesy of Clarence \V. Maybeck, In
structor in drawing, the mounted photo
graphs from the library of architecture,
donated to the university by Mrs. Phebe
Hearst, were shown for the first time.
During the course of th»; exhibition two
lectures on art topics had be*?n arranged
for. Yesterday evening Professor C. B.
Bradley spoke upon "Medieval Art."
This afternoon Charles W. Keeler gave a
short address upon William Keith.
The members of Mask and Gown, the
n<-w amateur theatrical club, held their
first performance in Shattuck Hall to
night. Three farces were rendered— "The
Assignation." under direction of Law
rence L. Greene; "A Box of Monkeys,"
under the direction of Miss Gertrude
Berg, and "The Volunteer," under the
direction of Harold S. Symmes. Xon* but
members of the club composed the casts.
;gry and friendless.
ble Condition of Willis Dodge
ana Family.
Accompanied by his half-starved wife
and carrying in his arms an eighteen
months old infant, Willis Dodge walked
Into the Central station last evening and
\ ' jrg-d for something to • at. In th- cor
ridor stood his eldest boy, a lad ■:' five
years, who plainly showed the ravages of
hunger. Amid tears Dodge said that he
and his family had arrived yesterday from
Seattle, expecting to meet a friend who is
an engineer, at the ferry. The latter
failed to materialize and the unfortunate
family, hungry and pc-nniless, started up
Mfjrk'-t street in the hope of ling some
way who would at least supply them with
something to eat. After walking the
streets until they wore nearly exhausted,
and as their two children were crying for
bread which they could not give them,
Dodge concluded to visit police headquar
ters, expecting to find a .place to sleep.
After listening to their sad story Lieu
tenant Birdsail raised a purse of Vj to
which he added $2 50. After giving 'the
amount to Dodse he took him and his
family to a restaurant contiguous to po
lice headquarters and instructed the pro
prietor to give them as many meals as
th^y desired and send the bill to him.
The kind-hearted lieutenant also secured
a room for them in a house at Fulton
and Larkln streets.
On learning of the sad condition of
Dodge and his family Police Officer But
t?rworth. president of the Widows' and
Orphans' Association, offered to allow
them to occupy his unfurnished house,
containing three rooms. As the poverty
stricken family Is without furniture
I»dgo. after profusely, thanking Butter
worth, declined his offer. It is the Inten
tion of the police to-day to Interest one of
the many charitable organizations in be
half of Dodge and his family.
H. Murphy. €30 Market «tre«t, lend* money
•c Moood mort«a<ee and estates. •
STANFORD BOYS WILL
GET BACK THE AX
BERKELEY will return the *x -which she took from Stanford after the
baseball game last Saturday. The California men are somewhat dl
vided in opinion as to the proper course to be pursued In the matter,
but those who were directly responsible for capturing the trophy and
who have It under guard fnvor giving It back.
Charlie Prina the custodian of the ax. and Dave Brown of Stanford
met upon the campus this afternoon. Prlngle made overtures for turning
over the mascot, and Brown agreed to send -word to Palo Alto. It is prob
able that a committee of Stanford men win come up to Berkeley, and the
ax will then be placed in their hands. ,
A large number of the Berkeley collegians dislike to see the trophy leave
the hands of the blue and gold and they are making a strong effort to have
it retained. But It is quite settled now that Stanford shall receive ber mas
cot back. The return will be made before the intercollegiate field-day
next Saturday. It is likely that when Stanford gets the ax the blade will
be bored through with the scores of all the Intercollegiate events of the
past year.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 19.— faculty here has received a
letter from the Berkeley faculty to the effect that unless some assurance
was given that no riot would take place the field-day would be declared off.
The situation Is becoming serious and steps are being considered as to
the best means of keeping down the disturbance. Any serious friction
caused Saturday would probably result In putting a stop to Intercolle
giate tests for several years.
UNITED AT
ST. LUKE'S
ason
- In Bt. Luk • .:; .
:%. > harles Francis
.ry of the Farmers'
■
O'Brien, daughter of the
r mill bti .nited
The ceremony was witnessed by rela
tives and the most intimate friends of the
family. Shortly irfter S o'clock the bridal
party entered the handsomely decorated
church. The bride was attired in white
duchess satin, embroidered in pearl beads
and trimmed with ruchings of tulle. She
was accompanied by hor sister, Mis 3
Charlotte O'Brien, who acted as maid of
honor, and her cousins. Miss Lizzie Hud
son and Miss Edith West, who acted as
bridesmaids. The maid of honor's gown
was of blue taffeta silk trimmed with
tulle, and the bridesmaids were attired in
white organdie over blue taffeta, with
lovers' knms of satin ribbon. The groom
was attended by Byron Dyer of Los An
geles. The ushers were Harry West and
Charles Newmiller of Stockton.
Lmmed - iemn
-
a ca:
1
I I
: "
■
■
UNIOX COURSING PARK
An Excellent Card on Tap for Satur-
day's Sport.
The draw for the Union Coursing Park
teck place last evening at Pythian Cas
tle. The dogs are*weii matched and good
sport will be the result. The total prizts
for the Sapling and open stakes aggre
gate SjoC. The running down of the Sap
ling stake will commence at 11 o'clock
Saturday morning. The following is the
draw:
Sapling stak°— R. Prlndle's Honor Bright vs.
J. J. MaboneyTi Pat Hcrgan; Belmont Kennels'
Helmont Girl vs. T. Sullivan's Fawn; Yosemlte
Kennels' Rowjy Hoy vs. R. E. de B. Lop-z'
Carraencita; F-. Lecnons Maid Marion vs. O.
J. Cune.-iai's Prince; Kelly & Conroy's Kittle
Lm vs. John Egan's Fin McCaul; George Fred
erick's Ask Him vs. J. Ferris' Cleopatra; S>da
Bay Kennels Delia M vs. J. J. Mahoney's
bueretla. Borgia; Curtis & Son's Cash vs. Pasha
Kennels' Risky Attempt; Keily <c OonroVg
MAgr.oiia vs. J. J. Maaoney*s Mcllie Pitcher;
J. J. Maho;:ey r 3 Manila vs. T. K. Lovelady's
TEL; It t. de U. Lopez 1 Pepita. vs. R. E.
de B. Lopez' McGregjror; F. Lennon's Friar
Tuck vs. F. Lennon's Kcbin Hood.
Open stake— L>. Hooper's Koo Lawn vs. J.
J. Ktmans Mornir.jr Glory; Kay & Trar.t's
Eclipse vs. Pasha Kennels' Metallic: J. Dean's
Connemara. vs. J. Keenan's Flying Buck; G.
and H. Kenr.els' Dempsey La.g vs . Handy &
Smiths Victor <iueen; T. l\ Harrington's
M-rcy Hay vs. F. Smith's Sister Julia: J. J.
Warren's aweetlips vs. Handy & Smith's Sjrl
vaaus; F. A. McCocmb's Motto vs. Kay &
Trar.fs Crosspatch; F. Moran's Golden Russet
vs. R. Mclaughlin's Admiral Dewey: Pasha
Kennels' Rod of Aeh vs. W. J. Jones' Lady
Maricn; J. ;-eggerson's Candeiaria vs. J. P.
Thrifts St. Michael; D. J. Heaiy-s Lady Claire
vs. Tosemite K<?naei«' V.":ld Lassie; F. Moran's
Flying Faster vs. Dennis & Porter's Interest
ing; Pasha Kennela' Millers Rabbi vs. J.
Dean's Moondyr.e; J. Perigold's Belle Sewarl
vs. E. M. Kellcgg's Kid McCoy; J. Keenan'a
Fear Net vs. Handy & Smith's Terrcna; C. F.
Brown's Nida vs. W. J. Jones' Rustan; William
Kramer's The Devil vs. F. Mor&n'a False Flat
terer; Mtlo Kennels' Rock Island King vs.
Handy & Smith's Petrcnlus; Irwin Sz Ryan's
Silver Lien vs. KJ Evatt's Vigilant; J. Burns'
Battleship vs; J. Seggerscn's Gold Hill: Lowe
<& Thompson's Low;ander vs. Milo Kennels'
Miss Rabbit: Handy & Smith's Magic vs. T.
E. McEldown'a Right Bower; J. Mahan's
Safeguard vs. W. J. Jones' Prince Jerome:
Lord & Hertz' Revolver vs. Larkey <& Rock's
Minerva; Yosemite Kennels' Lamplighter vs.
H. A. Deckleman's Glen Roy: R. Atrtdge's
Afterpiece vs. Irwin & Ryan's Little in; A.
L. Austin's Trinket vs. J. O' Shay's Your.g
America: Irwin & Ryan's Silver Wirg3 vs J
Burns' Eleven Spot: E. H. Muleaster's Kazel
Dell vs. Curtis & Son's Blackette: T. Sullivan's
Maid cf tee Hill vs. E. M. Keilogg's Hummer;
J. McNeil's Sportsman vs. Turkey & Rock's
Hercuiar.ian; E. Baumeister's Winning Ways
vs. E. Fitzj>atrick's Free Silver Boy; H
Strahl's Skylark vs. H. A. Deckleman's Mira
Monte: T. A. Gaff Key's Lore'.ne vs. Lowe 4
Thompson's Prince Hal: Handy & Smith's
Victor vs. H. Lentz' Mystic May: J. Egan's
Mayflower vs. G. Huston's Wheel of Fortune;
J. Porricle's Onward vs. S. .G. Heajy's Rusty
Gold: J. Keenan's Blacklock vs. M. C. Mack's
Black Parti: H. A. Deckleman's Lawranee vs.
J. Bums' Olympus; J. Burns' Seminole vs. J
Dixor.'s Blaok Be*T»; D. Hooper's High Hand
vs. Daily & Seibir.e's Shylock Boy; J. F. Kelly's
Cilr.g On vs. Handy & Smith's Jennie WMson;
Handy & Smith's Ida vs. Pasha Kennels' Rol
licking Airs: Yosemlte Kennels' Beauty Spot
vs. G. F. Lowten's Miss Grizzle; Curtis &
Son's Luxor vs. F. A. McOoomb's Flush: H.
Lynch's Lottie M vs. E. & R. Scott's Lord
Byron; Pasha Kennels' Regular Army ■ ■•« J.
Pegserson's White Chief: F. Moran's Sr.ap Shot
vs. Hurley & Reilly'e Master Mat.
DENIES CHARGES OF CEUELTY.
Harry Gray Angry at Mr. Holbrook
of the Animals Society.
Harry Gray of Gray Bros., contractors.
Is very much incensed at the statements
made by Secretary Holbrook of th So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to An
imals. Mr. Holbrook arrested two of the
contractors' men on Tuesday upon
charges of cruelty to animals, and stated
that the officers of his society were
obliged to condemn and kill two horses
belonging to Gray Bros, that were being
work- on the grade on Bay street, be
cause of the animals being afflicted with
about all of the ills that horseflesh is
heir to. He said that he called as ad
visers two veterinary surgeons, who pro
nounced the animals unfit for work, being
20 years old, aside from their general in
firmities. According to the same author
ity the officers went to Gray Bros.' sta
bles and condemned six more horses us
unfit for work.
Mr. Gray takes exceptions to all these
statements, and says in no uncertain lan
guage that there is not a particle of truth
in them. He denies that the horses are 20
years old, or that they were shot by the
officers or any one. He asserts that Mr.
Holbrook lid not enter the stables or con
demn any of his horses, and adds that
the arrest of the contractors" stableman
and driver was -without warrant or Justi
tication. ■■ -.. il
"In the first place." said Mr. Gray, "we
have over a hundred horses at work and
out of the lot there may be a few sick at
times but these we never use, as we have
enough well ones to do the work. The
horses that Mr Holbrook says were shot
are alive and well. When they went to work
yesterday they were as sound as the usual
run of work horses are. One was slightly
afflicted with a 'cork.' but that is not
serious. The other's foot was slightly
pricked by the horseshoer before it went
to work. ' As to the two veterinary sur
geons that Mr. Holbrock called In, the
only thing that is the matter with them
Is that we have refused to let them have
the care of our stock, and this is the
way they think to get back at us. I will
make it pretty hot for these "fellows who
are making false -statements about our
being cruel to our hori«a," /......;. . ■
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
DIED FOR HIS COUNTRY.
31. L. Seemann Slain in Battle Before
He Had Beached His Majority.
Advices by the Coptic from Manila
bring sorrow into one more household in
San Francisco. Although the relatives of
M. L. Se*mar.n had ">een advised through
the telegrams from the seat of war in
th-i Philippines of his death, still they
hoped against hope that it was not true,
until the confirmation came from the cap
tain of his company.
Young Seemann came here from Den
mark when he was • years old and was
brought up in the household of C. N. Jen
sen his brother-in-law. When the war
broke out and the California boys were
mustered Into service ne was only 20 years
old. He tried hard to join the First Heel
ment and when he failed he enlisted in the
Fourteenth Infantry. He was assigned
to Company A and went to Manila on the
troopship Scandia on her first voyage.
The letter containing the news of his
death is as follows:
MANILA. P. I . March 15, ÜB9.
Mr?. C. N. Jensen, San Francisco— Dear
Madam: You were doubtless notified In due
time of the death of your brother. M L.
Sremann, in tattle February' '. 1533. near Ma
nila.
At about 11 o'clock a. m. that day I was
ordered to attack the Filipino trenches in our
front with two companies of the Fourteenth
Infantry. A and C. We advanced through
dense brush until we were within fifty paces
of the enemy. We stopped several times to
return the fire of the Filipinos, and it was at
the stop nearest their tine, while your brother
was kneeling to fire, that a bullet parsed
throueh his right eye and out throuch the
back of hi 3 head, killing him instantly. I
saw him as he fell and I don't think he made
a movement after he was struck, and his
death must have been painless, it was so
sudden.
- -
oder. l
-
as a
■
HAN,
A.
TROTTERS AND PACERS.
- ■ . ■ -.-•> Pa-
A-
.'■'. I -v. May l.
•he secretary, it
-- •. ■ '■■ ft is expect
-'.; class tr
■ lount buc
■
as possible. The following 1 communS
Bina every thing
pertaining 1 to the
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 17, 1539.
Sporting Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The
Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' Asso
ciation is the first in California to announce a
list of ptin»a for this year. The purses offered
are large and the terms liberal, and It only
awaits the efforts of t-he horsemen on this
coast to make ISSri a prosperous year for all
who are interested in harness racing-.
The District Fair Associations have had the
State appropriations restored to them and th«y
will nearly all give fairs and race meeting!
this year, and a regular circuit will be ar
ranged as formerly when the fairs received
State aid. If the Breeders' Association re
ceives a biK entry list it will encourage the
District Fair Associations to also offer liberal
purses. It is to the interest of even' horseman
not only to enter his own horses in as many
of the purses advertised as he car find places
for them, but to encourage and solicit entries
from ail who have horses in training in his
locality. He ehould take a personal interest
in this matter and work hard to secure the
best result*.
The owners of stallions should encourage, as
far as possible, the entering In races of the
get of their stallions, and breeding farms
should pursue the same course, as nothing ad
vertises them better or attracts more attention
to a horse or a farm than to be liberally rep
resented in purses and stakes.
Trusting that you will appreciate the Im
portance of doing ail you can to make harness
racing on this coa«t a success this y»ar. I am,
yours very truly. F. W. KELLET. Sec.
GRAND CHAPTER CLOSED.
■ ■ - t the Roya! Arch
s ir. session agrain yesterday In
Masonic Temple. The new constitution
was taken up seriatim, discussed at
length, amorMed in some sections and then
adopted as a wh
A charter was gran to Mission Chap
ter No. 79, which at the previous m
exemplified the work in a most satisfac
tory manner. The new chapter, which is
located in the Mission district, has nearly
two hundred applicants for degrees. The
officers are: P. £>. Code, high priest; An
drew Christiansen, king; Frank Daltor.,
scribe; A. M. Cox, chaplain of the host;
J. R. Hillman. secretary; H. Keystone,
treasurer; H. C. Bunker, principal bo
journer; D. Coffey, first •-•!. G. D. Clark,
second rail; W. Brady, third rail; E. Gil
berts, guard.
In the afternoon Charles E. Stone was
appointed chaplain of the Grand Chapter;
Thomas H. Caswell of San Francisco,
lecturer; Charles L. Patton of San Fran
cisco, host; Charles F. Ott of Marys
captain of the royal arch; S. D. Mayer of
San Francisco, organist; and C. E. Gil
lette of Oakland, tyler. These, with the
grand officers elected at the previous ses
sion, were installed In due form by Grand
High Priest Eli T. Blackmer and adjourn
ment followed.
TRIED TO END HIS LITE.
Henry Hoffman, who Is said to be
eccentric, attempted to commit suicide
last evening at his home, 231 Minna
og himself in a room, he
slashed his left arm and leg with a
\pecting to bleeil to death.
f the family missed him, an<i
- wrong, he went to the
room and finding it locked forced open
the door. Hoffman was found lying on
the floor, bleeding profusely from the
d wounds. Policeman O'Shea
y summoned and he had the
unfortunate man removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where the wounds were
Dr. Tormey.
- of Hoffman are eon
d that his mind is impaired. A
ago he created a sensation by
sitting In front of his home with two
rs tightly clutched in his
hands. When arrested he declared that
he had brought the revolvers intending to
kill some enemy, who was determined to
make him a subject for the Coroner.
WILL BE NO COMPROMISE.
Ida F. Nolan, .who fired two shots at
her brother-in-law, -Alfred Rosenthal, at
the family residence. 1623 Bush street, \
last week, appeared again In Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday morning. She was i
accompanied by a male friend, who in
formed the Judge that there was to be
a' compromise, as Rosenthal did not wish
to prosecute her.
Prosecuting Attorney Wentworth said
he would have something to say about
that, and as far as he was concerned
there would be no compromise. Attorney
McNear said he had been engaged to spe- :
cially prosecute the case for Rosenthal
and he knew of no compromise.
The defendant then asked for a contin- '
uance, as she had been unable to get an
attorney, and the Judge granted a contin
uance until Friday.
. ~*~.
*
Advances made en furniture and pianos, with i
,or without removal. J. ?ioonaxj. 1017-10?? Mission. |
GRAND BALL AND
A MUSICALE
AT ARBOR VILLA.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. '
908 Broadway, April 19.
ARBOR VILLA, the palatial home of
Francis M. Smith, whom the #Jbllc
has designated the "Borax King" of j
this country, -was last evening the j
scene of a ball, musicals and fete that
from the point of brilliancy, color and ;
wealth equaled anything of the kind ever j
before attempted in California. Arbor j
Villa, after more than four years of build- i
ing. has just been finished in its perfect';
entirety, and last evening was the occa- |
sion upon which Mr. Smith and his fam
ily took the opportunity to extend to some
1400 of their friends the invitation to ac
cept of the hospitality of their new home.
The residence, which is surrounded by j
a rolling wealth of beautiful grounds, is |
situated on Piedmont Heights. It has |
been built at a cost of over a million of j
dollars and for a residence of its kind
only has its equal in the summer homes
of the New York millionaires of Newport.
Every mechanical convenience for com- j
fort and luxury, every beauty of the dec- j
orative art, and, in fact, every possible .
perfection in house building that wealth !
can command or suggest is within the j
walls of Arbor Villa.
For a month Oakland society has talked j
of nothing else than the coming ball, and
there was quite a little uneasiness until
the invitations had been sent out. More ;
than a thousand people availed them- ,
selves of the hospitality of Arbor Villa ;
last evening and were participants in a \
social gathering that will remain green in |
their memories for years to come. The j
invitations were not limited solely to the i
exclusive set of Oakland, for the social !
leaders of San Francisco. Berkeley, Ala- j
meda and other places about the bay i
were present.
The guests began to arrive shortly after i
8 o'clock, and for more than two hours a j
long train of carriages continued to roll j
up to the handsome porte-cochere and j
deposit their loads of well groomed men j
and women. The Eighth-avenue car line. J
of which Mr. Smith is the controller, was !
run for the special convenience of his j
guests, and several hundred availed them- j
selves of this means of getting to Arbor
Villa from Oakland. As rapidly as the
guests arrived they were shown to the
second iloor, where they deposited their j
wraps prior to descending to the main oc- ;
tagonal hallway, where Mr. and Mrs.
Smith, with their friends who assisted
them In receiving, were stationed. In ad- !
ditlon to the host and hostess those who
helped to receive were: Mrs. Pedar Sath
er, Mrs. Edwin Goodall. Mrs. Henry j
Wetherbee, Mrs. 11. C. Taft, Mrs. H. |
Trowbridge and Miss Grace Sperry-
The entire house was thrown .en to !
the guests, who were lav: in their ad- j
miration of its beauty, but who were j
powerless to express in words their ap- \
preciation of Its artistic perfection. The j
general effect is hard oak with carved j
nnlahings and inlaid floors. From each j
.-:4.c of the octagonal hallway opens a se- j
rit»s of rooms nr.is=hed in different kinds
of woods, with tapestries, paintings and {
furnishings to harmonize. The decora- 1
tions last even.: were oak leaves, ferns ;
ar.d American Beauty roses. Of these I
there was the profusion. esoe- ;
cially in the banquet hall, where thou- j
sands of roses were used. On the second !
floor is the Aeolian pipe-organ of two |
manuals and pedals, and which contains !
twenty-seven stops and accessories. This
one feature of luxury at Arbor Villa was \
built at the cost cf many thousands of j
dollars.
After the guests had assembled the mv- ,
sical programme, which was under the I
direction of A. M. Benham of the First j
Congregational Church, Oakland, was !
rendered. It consisted of eight selections, j
which were contributed by the following j
of the guests: W. D. Wood. E. D. ■ 'ran- ;
dail, Putnam Griswold. H. L. Taylor, Dr. i
"W. K. Scott, Miss Josephine Chabot,
Misses Lucy and Alice Motntt. Miss Jean
Mary Hush. Miss Florence Hush, Mrs.
Martin Schultz. Miss J. Virginie de Fre
mery. Mr- Carroll Nicholson, Miss Etta
Marvin and Siarnor Galvani. At the con
clusion of the musicale the younger of
the guests betook themselves to the grand
ballroom and theater combined, where !
they enjoyed the pleasures of the mazy
waltz and blithesome two-step. The mv- i
sic for the, dance was furnished by an :
orchestra embowered from sight behind [
a profusion of ferns, oak leaves and I
potted plants. During the earlier part of .
the evening light, refreshments such a.-; |
ices and other dainty things were served.
At 1U o'clock the banquet was announced
and the guests betook themselves to the j
banquet hall, where every delicacy, both j
solid and liquid, known tc the conception '
of a Parisian chef was served in the |
greatest abundance.
A notable feature of the gathering was
the fact bat Mrs. Smith on this occa- :
sion established the lie that there should '
be no punch bowl available for the young I
people, who were solaced with delightful i
lemonade. There was light wine for the
elder gentlemen.
After the banquet the pleasure contin- I
ued. Many returned to the dance while •
others sought the retirement of the con- I
servatory. where rippling waters and the
perfume of rare flowers made a veritable
fairyland. The billiard room, the smok
ing. den. the Louis Quinze drawing-room
the vine-covered verandas and the many
art suggestive crooks and corners of Ar- :
bor Vala were filled by the pleasure- I
seeKing guests The revelry continued
until the small hours of the morning
when, after one of the most enjoyable so- '■
cial occasions in the history of the State
ADVERTISEMENTS,
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■lIHHI
"DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT."
§^~ OUR ■^Hfe' GUARANTEE
WE POSITIVELY GUARANTEE DR. PIERCE' B PATENT GALVANIC CHAIN
Belt to be the best Electric Belt in the world for the least money for such
an article. For Instance: Our No. 2 Belt 'with Electric Suspensory), price $15, Is
warranted to be superior to others sold at from $30 to $50 each, and our No. 3 and
XXX Belts are far ahead of anything in the line of Electric Belts now manufac-
tured in any part of the world. Dr. Pierces Belts give a more POWERFUL ELEC-
TRIC CURRENT than any others: are more DURABLE: made of BETTER MA-
TERIALS; contain the LATEST IMPROVED ATTACHMENTS and are of more
RECENT PATENT than certain inferior g-oods, which are Imposed on the public at
exorbitant prices by means of flaming- newspaper advertisements and false claims of
superiority. As for CURES, this whole newspaper could be filled with testimonials
In praise of Dr. Pierce" Beits.
The following is one of recent date:
ELK. MENDOCINO CO., CAI*., April 10. IS?9.
DR. PIERCE — Dear Sir: I have used your Belt a month and find GREAT BENE-
FIT from It It has helped my back and I am satisfied it will cure me; have been
troubled with Kidney Complaint. Rheumatism and General Weakness for 20 years
Your friend. WILLIAM PLUMMER.
£7 We have a little "BOOKLET NO. 2." which contains scores of testimonials
and gives price list and full particular* of Dr. Pierces method of treating disease
by means of electricity. No afflicted person should hesitate a moment in sending for
a. copy. Forwarded to any address, in plain wrapper, on receipt of 2c in stamps. Call
cr address
PIERCE electric co.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
those present bid good-night to their gTa
cious host and hostess.
The invited guests were:
Lewis Allen. Mr. and Mrs. St. Alexander,
the Misses Alexander, Wallace Alexander, Mrs.
Fanny Air.sworth, Mr. and Mrs. Irwin Avers,
Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Allen. Miss Gertrude Allen.
Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Abbott. Mr. and Mrs. Gran
ville Abbott, Carl and Philip Abbott. .Mr. and
Mrs. H. H. Adams, .Mr. and Mrs. James G. Al
len. Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Anthony, Mr. and Mrs.
W. Angus. Mr. and Mrs. EL F. Adams, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Allyne, Duncan Albright, Miss M.
A. [be*.
Colonel and Mrs. L. L. Brorawell. Miss Annie
and Miss Carrie Blowers, Dr. C. A. Buckel.
Mrs. E. B. Beck. Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Baldwin,
Mr. and Mrs A. H. Benham. Miss M Bab
son, Mr. and Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Miss Bangs.
Mr. and Mrs. L. H. Brtggs. Miss Annie Briggs.
Miss Edith Beck. Herbert. Ned. Charles and
Eugene Beck. Lieutenant A. L. Broadber.t. U:
S. N\. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Bray. Mis 3 Etae
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Bishop. Mrs. A.
and Miss Barstow Mr. and Mrs. W. H. and
Miss B. Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. R. G. and Miss
Brown. Mr. and Mrs. J. an.l Miss Ballard, Mrs.
Brown. Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Bishop, Miss Burn
ham. Mr. and Mrs. Albert Brown. Miss Alma
Brown, Mist Adah Brown. Mr. and Mrs. T. L.
and Miss Barker. Mr. and Mrs. Sumner Bug
bee. Mr. and Mm. L. A. and Miss Booth. Mrs.
Eliza Barrett. Mr and Mrs. Sam Breck. Mr.
and Mrs. Arthur Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Botkln, Mr. and
Mrs. C. W. and Miss Bennett, Rev. and Mrs.
Alfred Bayley. Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Bishop. Mr.
and Mrs. R. A, Bray. E. Brin. the Misses Brln.
Mr. and Mrs. P. D. Bowles. Mr. and Mrs. \\ 11
--lard Barton, Willard and Aldrlch Barton. Mrs.
G. W. Bunnell. Mr. and Mr? F. A Becket,
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Brlgham. Mr. and Mrs. H.
W. Bray. Mr. and Mrs. H. K. I. - Roy, Dan
Belden, 'Miss Daisy Belden. the Misses Brad
ley. Lloyd Baldwin. Miss Grace Lloyd Baldwin.
Mrs. George Barley Dr. E. R. Bore*, Mr. and
Mrs. A P. Brayton. Rev. and Mrs. C. R.
Brown, Dr. and Mrs. E. Boyes,. Mr. and Mrs.
Pliny Bartlett. Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Bliss.
Mr. and Mrs. H»nry A. Butters. Mrs. B'.akeiey,
Mrs. Buckingham. Mr. and Mrs. Harmon Bel.
Mr. and Mrs. Otto Blankhart. William Blssell.
Waiter M. Bishop, A. Bayley.
Miss Cosgrove, Mr. and Mra. T. A. Irellin.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Costlgan. Mrs. J. F and
the Misses Chapman. Mr? A. Chabot. Miss
Chabot. Mr. and Mr?. W. H. Chlckerlng. Al
len. Roger and Harry Chickerln?. Mr. and Mrs.
J C. Campbell. Mr. and Mrs. Campbell, Miss
Campbell, Mr. and Mr?. F. G. Conklin. Fred
and Alice Conklin. Mrs. E. T. Cooper. Mr. ana
Mrs. G. H. and the Misses Collins, Mr. R. and
the Misses Chabot, Mr. ar.d Mrs. F. T. ChaD
man. the Misses Chapman. Mr. and Mrs. W.
O. CuUen Dr. and Mr?. H. H. Carleton. Mrs.
G. W Cook. Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Chamberlain,
Mr. and Mrs. E. K. Cooper. Mr. and Mrs. T.
C Coogan. May Coogan. Judge and Mrs. E. J.
<""rane Lieutenant and Mrs. Crelghton Car
mine, Mr, and Mrs. C C. Miss and Philip
Clay, Mr. and Mrs. T. luff. Mr. and Mrs. G.
W. 'Clark Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Campbell. Mr.
and Mrs. J. A. and Miss Chase, Mr. and Mrs.
T L Cornell Miss Mabel Craft. Mr. and Mrs.
T. B. and Stanley Coghill. Mr. and Mrs. W.
B. Carr. Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Carr. Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Childs, Mr. ar.d Mrs. T. Crellln,
Mr and Mrs Charles M. C Ice Mr. and Mrs.
A. F. Coffin.' Mrs. Sarah B. Cheek Miss Con
ners Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham. Miss Cul
len. Donald Y. Campbell. Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Chamberlain. Mr. and Mrs. C. ,H. Cook. Mr.
and Mrs. H. M. Crossley. Mr. William Kay
Crawl Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Clay.
Miss Daniels. Mr. and Mrs. William de
Fremery, the Misses de Fremery. Miss Dasr
jrett Mr and Mrs. O. P. Downing. Mr. and
Mra C. H Daly, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton and
Miss Day, Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Dougherty and
the Misses Dougherty. J. Witt Dougherty, .Mr.
and Mrs C. J. Deering. L,!»utenant and Mrs.
F M Dur.woody. Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Dutton,
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Davenport-Hewitt. Miss
Davenport-Hewitt, the Misses Dunham. Mr.
and Mrs. J. B. Dean, Mr. and Mrs. and the
Misses de la Montague. Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
Dewing. Mrs. E. L. Doran, Mr. and Mrs. de
Golia Miss Eva Doyle.
Mrs C P. Everts. Mr. and Mr* J. G. Ed
wards, Mr. and Mrs. and the Misses Everson,
Dr. C O. Edwards, Mrs. Eddy.
Mr. and Mrs. J. O. French, Miss
French. Mrs. J. A. Folger, Mr. Athern Folger.
Mr and Mrs. En it F «-.-. Mrs. Emily Fish.
Mrs Harvey Fish, Mrs. ■'. Farnhai Dr. and
Mrs. A. Fine. Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Fine, Dr.
Henry Fine. Mr a-, i Mrs. W. H. Friend. Mr.
Wllltam Nat Friend. Mr. Roger Friend. Mrs.
E C. Farnham. Mr. Eugene Farnham. the
M!i«e« Ferrier. Mr. R. M Fitzgerald. Mr. and
Mrs E. P and Miss Flint, Mr. and Mrs. Fos
ter. Colonel and Mrs. J. B. Fuller, Mr. and
Mrs D L. Farnsworth, Mr. and Mra. Cleveland
Forbes, Colonel and Mrs. Frederick Fernstoi,
Miss Ferguson. Mr. S. C. Farnham.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Gcodfellow. Hugh, Arthur
and Marlon Goodfellow. Mr. and Mrs. G. E.
Grant. Mr. and Mrs. Giles H. Gray and Mis?
Gray, Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Gray and Miss Gray.
Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Grim. Mr. and Mrs. E. H.
Garthwalte and Miss Garthw Captain and
Mrs. Edwin Goodall, Ml«s GoodaU, Edwin
Goodal! Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ktrk Gardi
ner. Mr. and Mrs. Gleason, Miss A. Grimes,
Mrs. Tubba. Oscar Cowing. Mrs. W. Gregory,
Miss Gr«?crv. Mr. and Mra. R. W. OorrtH and
Miss Gorrill~ Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Greenwood,
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Gunn. Miss Gucn, Mr. and
Mrs. James H Goe-s-»y, Dr. S. Gravf"-. Mr. and
Mrs Marcus L. G*>rst!e. Mr. and Mrs. Lewis
Gerstle. Dr. ar.d Mr?. Gober. Mr. ar.d Mrs. A.
M. Goodhue, Captain and Mr- C M Goodall.
Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Gordon. Mr. and Mrs. War
rrn Oregon". Mr. aid Mr G. W. Grayson, Mr;.
Gregory. Miss Gregory. McClure Gregory. Law
rence Green. Mr. and Mrs. James M. Gamble,
lir Gabrar.i. Mr. Griffith.
W. Hubbard. C. Hubbard, Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Hal!. Mr. and Mrs. Can" Howard.
Mr. and Mr«. C. H. Holt and Miss Grace Holt,
Mr. an.l Mrs. A. W. Havens and Mlsa Havens.
Mr and Mrs. T. L. Horn. Judge and Mrs. Fred
H^nshaw. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Henshaw, Mr.
and Mrs. A. W. Huntlngton. .Mi?s Sarah Hor
tnn Mr. and Mrs. William HerrL-k and the
Misses Herrick. Mr. and Mrs. V. G. Hush, the
Misses Hush. Will Hush. Mr. and Mrs. J. R.
Hutch'.nson. the Misses Hutehlnson, Prer.tiss
Hutchinson. Mrs. C. E. Hayes. Mr and Mrs.
W D. Harrub and Miss Harrub. Mr. and Mrs.
J L. Howard and Miss ward, Mr and Mrs.
Bam Hubbard Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Hovt. Mrs.
Emma L. Hunt. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Frank Havens.
Mr. and Mrs. Wick Havens, Mr. and Mrs. E.
M. Hall, Mr. Hardee, Captain and Mrs.. C. L.
Hooper. Mr.' and Mrs. Socrates Huff and Mi??
Huff. Mr. and Mrs. C. S. .-•-?. Mr. and
Mrs. Walter Henry. Mr. and Mrs. Karry
Haight. Mr. and Mrs. Haven and Miss Haven.
Mr and Mrs. Sam Hall-Wnipple, Mrs. Hazel
tine, Miss Hazeltine, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
; Htnckley, Mrs D. B. Hinckley, Mr. and Mrs.
1 J. S. Hawley and Miss Hawk Mr. and Mrs.
j G. W. Hume. Miss Hilton, Mr. and Mrs. K.
, A. Heron.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Jaynea, Dr. and Mrs.
Murry L. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson. Mr.
and Mrs. W. A, Jacobs, Mr and Mrs. F. A.
Jacobs. Miss JolUffe, Mr. and Mrs. Homer King.
Mr. King, Miss King. Mr. and Mrs. C. H.
! King. Mrs. J. W. Knowles, Mr. and Mrs. C.
! W. Kellogg. Sir. and Sirs. E. H. Kittrldge and
I Miss Kittridge, Dr. Myra Knox, Dr. Edna
I Knoi, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Knight. Sir. and
! Mrs. F. J. Kendall. Captain and Mrs. Kempff,
j Mr. and Sirs. Herbert Kellogg, Miss Kellogg.
J Sir. and Mrs. Knowies, M. W. Kales, Arthur
i Kales.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Landers and Miss Len
j ders, Mr. and Mrs. I- ma C. Lewis. Mr. and
, Mrs. Robert Leckie, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. and
j Miss Little, Mr. and Mrs. S. C. and Misa .
! Llllls, Major and Mrs. Oscar Long, Mr. and ■
j Mrs. Paul and the Misses Lohse.Paul and
i Lewis Lohse. Mr. and Mrs. Norman Lang,
; ■U alter Leinhart. Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Lukens, '
! Lloyd P. Lame, Miss Alice Laws.
; Dr. and Mrs. J. K. McLean, Mr. and Mrs.
! G. W. and Miss McNear, Mr. and Mrs. G. V.'.
; McNear Jr.. Mr. and Mrs.R. ar.d Miss 11..
--i Chesney. Mr. and Mrs. Robert : Haitian, Mrs.
! S. B. McKee, F. W. McCann, Mrs. MeDer
l mott. Miss McDermott, Mr. McDermott. Mrs.
j Mcßean, Roy**SlcDonald, Mr. and Mrs. and
j Mis 3 McElrath. Mr. and Mrs. Seward Mcßean.
j George McChesney. Mr. and Mrs. Albert Mil
| ler, the Misses Miller, Mr. and Mrs. H. M.
i A. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. Harry E. Miller. Mr. I
! and Mrs. Percy Morgan, Mr. and Mrs. S. G. j
; Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. C. O. G. Miller, Mr. '
: and Mrs., Miss and Mr Middleton, Mr. and j
; Mrs. A. A. and the Misses Moore. Al Moore. 1
i Stanley Moore, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. and Miss [
; Marwedel. Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Merrill, Mr. j
( and Mrs. E. W. Marston, Mr. and Mrs. C.
; Melvin. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Morgan. Mr. and i
t Mrs -,, D - E. Martin. Miss Mltehler. Mrs Shelby !
j i. Martin, Mrs. Flora Mllla. Mr. and Mrs. |
' y? 1 ?! 3 Moffitt the M ■- - Moffttt. Dr. H. |
i ,i Mr. Mars ton. Mr. and Mrs. Victor ;
' TT ea , ! . f> M!ss Monsell. Mrs. George D. Met- !
;' ;^' ; Mr- and Mrs. Harry Meek. Mr. and Mrs. :
; VIIW MeeK. Mr. and Mrs. W. Morris. Mr. and i
: 11™- i? hn ,F- -Merrii:. Mrs. E. G. Matthew?.
i Miss Moral. D. O. Mills, Colonel and Mrs. J. !
I™* x{ ey< Mrs " A - W - Ma >"- Fred Magee, Mr.
I and Mrs B. and Miss Mhoon, Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. MalheWß, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. McGee.
'< \f n an ' - Thomas Magee, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Mai leu. Mr. ani Mrs. H. A. Melvin.
!=„ f? r a i" l Mrs - Nash - Mr - an(i Mrs.
James W. and Miss Nelson. Dr. Musser. Lleu
-1 f. B^-. and Mrs. Nichols. Mr. and Mrs. Car
i Z?\ =hel *?, n : :bert Newell, Mr. Richworth
| anfi Miss Nicholson.
= i r \r and it's- W. J. and Mlßi Owens, Mr.
! !"1 ?J re - W. L. and the Misses Oliver! Mr.
I ar.d Mrs. Cnarles Osgood, Judge and Mrs. F.
I B. Ogden. Warren Oiney.
i p ,L, a £ d H??- E r - C - p *^otto. Mr. and Mrs.
: SViri HTiio er - r Mlsa Planer. Mr. and Mrs. Orestes
S Sever M- nnTtr Mr. and Mrs A. A - Per
i T w" pJuS 1 " 1 N " Perrine. Mr. and Mrs.
{; %% - . p {?i ni P s . Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Parcella
Mr. and ri T. E. Pope. Mr. and Mrs. G. w]
| Percy.- Dr and Mrs. G. C. Pardee, Mrs. C. S.
Prt^T SS , P ,! nnlman ' Mr - and Mr E. J.
H^ ■%» r ? f ' SSM Prln E !e , Mr. and Mrs.
, Henrj Payot. Mr and Mrs. C. E. Palmer. Mrs.
* {ir, t^'T'^' n £ nd Mrs - X - F - Palmer.
Prather, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. P ! erce M
r-:r-t K . S. P otaon. Mis. p- ; . -
P Mr!-a^ 3feV??g&aS? M " Sr3 - PmKle - '
Mr. and Mrs. V.'. Qulnn
T . M! M.' ; " uc .\. E!c '^on. Mrs. J. N. Roaaell
Jr.. Mr. and Mrs N. D. hideout. Mr. and Mrs.
hrt v 5 f Ua f t mdr nd Jane K»*"n««, Mr.
and Mrs I. L. Requa, Mr. and Mrs. Mark
R^iua. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. W. Riley Mr
E id Mn \, b. Rtchardaon. Dr. and Mrs. w!
;„ ter. Mrs - A, J. RalE Bernard Ran
some Mr and Mrs. A. P. Redding, Mr. and
m"; S? arle3 Rof^er. Mrs. A. C. P^sencrantz.
Miss Bessie and Ben Reed, Rev. and Mrs
n e O v el ?rr Rlt » C h { e V ßobe^ Rltch!e - the Misses RoU
?t~ M r-l, ar ; d y - r J- Ern «st Ransom-. Mr. and
Mr. and Mrs B. G. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Van
i P ? r t0W -,', Mra ; Pedar Sather. Miss Sn".
MtlUcent fcally Snell. Mrs. O. L. and Mi«s
Xl* n *Ji G r ener ? 1 ill!a m H. Shatter and staff!
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. - stub the Misses Stubbs
I Captain and Mrs. A. M. Simpson Mr Slmp
• son Jr Mr. and Mrs. A. .Schilling Miss Schnl
I ling. Carl and Rudolph Schilling Mr. and Mr^
! Jf en jc^rtzen, Mr. and Mrs. W P. Shaw Dr"
j barah Bhue* Fielding Stlllson. Mr. and 'sir.'
i F C. 5-anford. Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Stoln
; Mr. and Mrs. F. Stolp. Mrs. E. L. G and the
. Misses fateele. Andy Stone. Mr. and Mrs. Albert
, Sutton Hon. R. V\. Snow, Miss Snow. Mr
, and Mrs. James Spiers. F. B. Strattoa Mr
I and Mrs. D. W. Seaton. Mr. and l in Ye
' an ' vi* Ml^l Sha i" on - Mra. Prentlsa Selbyan-i
the - V --:mrna. E iga" r an .l Edna
Stoney, Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Emily Snook
1 Judge and Mrs. J. a. Stanley. Mr. Li M-V
j «• a fcPerry. Mrs. William and Miss Earr"
Mrs. Martin Schultz. Mr. and Mrs. Egber'
fctone Mr and Mrs. ■• G. Sanborn. M%s Slmp
i lo*-,***I o *-,*** »C«ae« Sinclair. Mrs. E. A, B P-?tt
. Sheffield Sanborn. Mr. ar.d Mrs. J. B Stetson'
Dr. Eleanor Stone. C. H. Sperry Miss Grace
, Ham Sanborn. Miss Sterrett. Miss Store M i
j Josiah Stanford. Miss Stanford. Will'am a^i
j J^ p %^ (orxi - Miss Straehan. Mrs Scott,
I Mr and Mrs H O. Trowbridge. Mr. and Mrs.
: H. C, Max and Clara Taft, Miss Thorns
: Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Thomas. Sir. and Mr, h!
j£ . Turner Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Thompson
Hon. and Mrs. W. R. Thomas, Philip Thaj-erl
:TaborH.i rS Ta?ior F - Tay '° r Mr - and *"■
Isaac rpham.
■ The Misses Vanderslic«, Dr. Dave Van Am.
rinp. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Valentine. Miss Ethel
, Valentine; Mrs. and Miss Vrooman
■ Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Weston. Mr and Mrs
Kfrkham Wright. Mrs. G. E. Whitney and t i
! M!s=e3 Whitney, Mr. and Mra. c c Wlirarni
I and the Misses Williams. Mrs. Henry v e tVr
i bee. Mr and Mrs. G. H. Wheatcn." Mr. and
I Mrs. A. H. Ward. Mr and Mrs. C. T. Wrieht
i Mr. and Mrs. A. L. White, Miss White Tnorn
! ton White. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Wad.worth
i Mrs. R. A. Weliman. Mr. and Mrs. Alphon«e
j 1A igmore. Rev. and Mrs. C. W Wen. J v r
i and >frs. Rob»rt Watt and Miss Watt Mr and"
Ifrs. Mack Webber. Mr. and Mrs. c' HoVi-d
; Wright. Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Wall and Urn
i Misses Wan, Mr. and Mrs. S. Wagner Mr"
! and Mrs. A. R. Wilson. Mr and Mrs E G
: Witcher. Mr. and Mrs, J. H. T. - Inaon'
I Mr. and Mr». Frank Wilson and Ray Wilson'
' Frank G. WhTttier. Mr. and Mrs. Robert
i White. Mr and Sir.. W. B. Wier. Mr. and Mrs
■ W. R. Whtttler, Mr. and Mrs. Ward •-' Mr'
I and Mrs. Myers B. West and the Misses Wp«t
J Mr. and Mr«. William R. Wheeler "Mr and-
I Mr?. Cyrus S. Wright. Mr and Sirs. Wenban
i Captain and Mrs J. T. Wright. Miss Mary
Williams. Miss William!". Judef? and Mrs John
Tule. Dr. and Mr« William Tounjrer. Mr and
Sirs. Alexander Young, Mr. and Mrs. Telland
and Miss Telland.
LATE SHIPPI\ft IXTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Arm 19.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Foeen. 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 51 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April Stmr Se
quoia, hence April IS.
Sailed April 15— Stmr - Noyo, for San Fran
cisco.
X>MA— AntT*d April 1&— Br ship Inver-
Port Ar-?e!es; stmr City of
. - km.
AUCTION SALES
I $50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
I No. 39 GEARY ST.
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Crec'irs.
TO-DAY (Thursday), April 20.
At 2 and ip. m. daily until - are disposed of. |
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE
GOODS. OLD GOLD. BATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRON2ES. EBONY GOOD 3,
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
i IVORY GOODS. SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES* AND GENTLEMEN'S VNDSR-
WSAR. SILK BEDSPREADS. ROBES. JACK-
ETS AND TABT,E COVERS.
• C. P. TROY * CO.. Anctloneen.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITXW TOES. SOCTHAHPTOS. LONDON, PARI3.
: Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 13 a. m.
St. Louis April 12 St. Louis May 3 '
; Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New York April 2S| St. Paul May 17
k£D OTAR U>t.
■ New York ttrfi Jntwero.
From New York. Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12; Noordland May 3
Westernland ..April 19' Frlesland ......May 10
■ Kensington ...April II Southward May 17 I
EMPIRe Ll.>E.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For .'.i Information regarding freight and pas- i
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW -HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG. ,
•BFGI>M>G APRIL 29th ths Steam-
' ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
j and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc. apply to HAMBUHG- ■
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Agts. Paciflo Cout,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sanaome. aad
111 Montgomery at., San Francisco,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known -Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind
to Strength and Vigor.
; U." W. KNAPP. M. D.
A most successful remedy has been found tor
i sexual weakness such as tmpotency. shrunken,
i organs nervous debility, lest manhood, nlgnt
I emiasions, premature discharge and all other
[ results of s«!f-abuse or excesses. It cures any
i caee of the difficulty, never fails, to restore
. the organs to full natural strength and vigor,
i The doctor who made this wonderful discov-
i erv wants to let every man know about it. H *
I will therefore send the receipt gmng the Tart-
i cus ingredients to be UFe.I so that all men.
'; at a trifling expense, can cure themselves. He
i sends the receipt free, and all the reader neei
■ do is to send his name and addre?? to L. a.
: Knapp, SI. D.. 1373 Hull building. Detroit,
I Mich . requesting the free receipt as reported
1 in this paper. It is a generous offer, and ail
i men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity.
M^^l** OKNIF0 KNIFE or PA!N
V » Vno Pay until CUHEQ
JrJ Em Any lump ifl a
■■^^wctran's breast is
4a£T''H cancer. Faceandlip
eSBkKSHL ci ? o common places
'thousands I !;a»e Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St.. S.F.
SEND to 50ME ONE with CANCER
Q. Visit OR. JORDAN'S Gre*t
JSm Museum of Anatomy
■ p|fg\ ICOSliSXKSf.bit.'6tt'*r±;"S.P.*CiL
/ i«S The L»rge»tofiukin<llatte TV'crld.
1 felf \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
lv Marriage.
*j » — " ~ a ""
i _
/^~\, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
In ISS4 1 - I'rivata
i*\JL£k-^%l Dhe«3*B, Lost Manhood. Debllit7 or
sj^&*j^sgy (lis»a"i< a wearing oil b«x>yar.<l ralndand
%J^?^"^-3 S'^l" Diseases, 'l'he docwrcure^when
tywj&iSiST.l others faiL Try him. fhiirgea low.
*^=iiL^t-i:isa Cari'«su3'"»nl("i'il C:'.,' rwrite.
J>r.J. f. «iIBRU3>- S-f-x !as7.sjac Francisco-
OCEAN TBAVEL.
i Pacific Coast Steamship Co
j tjj^ Steamers leave Broadway
• t&J""^^ wharf, San Francisco:
; ; s.f^^^JV :r Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
mit^JJifci. April 21, 26, Slay 1; change at
KwtCl For Victoria, Vancouver fB.
V^ ~.pl, Vancouver fB.
|^;-^' C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
"^'NS^^^^l Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. April 21. 26, Slay 1,
j and every fifth day thereafter: change at Seat-
! tie to this company's steamers for Alaska
{ and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ky.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 1 p. m., April
19. -■ 23, Slay 4, and every fifth day there-
j after.
For Santa Cruz, Slonterey. San Slmecrt,
; Cayucos. Port Hart - iSan Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenerne.
San Pedro. East San Fedro (lajs Aneeles) an>l
I Newport, 9 a. m.. April 22. 26, 30, May 4, and
i every fourth day thereafter.
I For San Diego, stoppinp enly at Port Har-
I ford (San Luis ObispoV Santa Barbara. Port
i L. a Angelas and Kedondo <Los Ansrelea), 11 a.
m.. April "0. M 2«. May 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada. Stajrdaler.a Bay, San Jose del
Caho, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaj"mas (Hex.), 10 a. m.. Tth. of each
I month.
' For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the nsht to chanjfa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour? of sailine.
TICK JET OFFICE— New Montgomery
! stiver (Palace Hotel).
-GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajrts..
I 10 Mai • St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEASIERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C 4 DC -1 - First t-lass Including Berths
iMriL SS Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23: May 3. 13, £?.
State of California sails April 2S; May 8,
13, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Ea=t.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
63C> Slarket street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
j Superintendent.
fS3!Sl£a!Ufltfl The 5. S. Australia
jir aft el salla r "' r Hon !ulu
r ll • Wednesday, May 3. at
iA
rL^/^T^\ 'S. S". Mcana sails
SlWni^htnJ v 'a Honolulu and
G)!CdllDflly-' Auckland for Sydney
Wednesday. May 17.
Farorite Llna Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, Ir.iia, Suez.
England, etc.: JCIO first class.
1. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pie* 7, Foot Pacing St. frei3htonic;.327 Market St
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with r-teamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of aal .
AMERICA MART Saturday. May <
HONGKONG IIARU.f Thursday. June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company s office,
421 Market street. corn?r First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TKAN3ATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ,55,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a m. <.TCT >
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -^"^i^^
Morton at. LA TOLRAINE, April 22; LA
GASCOGNE. April 29: LA NORMAN DIE, May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May 13; LA BRE-
TAGNE May 10. First-class to Havre. Ji3
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
trip Second-class to Havre. $43: 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 5
Bowllnif Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San Francisco. ' _____^_
HOLLAND4MERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA Botb
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(SCOO). STATENDAM (10.500. First Cabin, $=<J
upward; Seocnd Cabin. $37.
Saloon steamers MAASDAM. SPAAKNDAM.
etc.. 137.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK * SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents. 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
BAY AMD EIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS?
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J.
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday exeepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at i p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main IK.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Will b« ready for business about WEDNTSB-
DAT, April 26, 1599. HATCH BROS.
910
CHISMORE NAMED
FOR PRESIDENT
State Medical Society's
Election.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
DEL MONTE, April 10.— second
day of the State Medical Society meet
ing; opened with a much larger attend
ance than was noted on Tuesday. The
morning session was not crowded, owing
to the fact that many members of the
soeioly hnd taken advantage of the un
usually fine morning to take the seven
teen-mile drive. Four or five four-horse
teams were needed to take the doctors
and their wives.
The scientific side of the meeting: was
not, however, entirely forgotten, for sev
eral important papers were : ad. Dr. 11.
Bert Ellis of Los Angeles presented a pa
per entitled. "Hypertrophy of the Pha
ryngeal Tonsil and Its Relation to Ear
Troubles." Dr. J. Denis Arnold Of San
Francisco gave a "Contribution to the
Study of Aural Diseases"; Dr. E. J.
titled,
, ■■ . i teorge C.
c liuii
and a
-
At the afternoon session the attendance
■was greater and the interest taken In the
papers considerable. Dr. Ryfkogel save
a resume of the recant advances result
ing from the use of the scope, in
discussing this paper, Dr. Sherman of
Merced stated thut the germ of consump
tion had recently been lund In timothy
ami other kinds of hay, ami thought this
might account for some cases of tuber
culosis in cattle.
Dr. D. VV. Montgomery showed speci
mens and gave a history of a case of
rare and "marked deformity of the nails
Jn leprosy." This was folio-wed by a
paper by Dr. OphulE, suggested by a case
he had recently seen of "foreign body in
the heart." He recalled a number of
cases in which bullets, pins, pieces of
wood; etc., had been forced into the heart
and had remained there from eleven days
to twenty years without doins? any par
ticular harm. . . ,
Dr. - port
■
eri K. Mof
l
of the
Francisco
with lan
f the
Dr. P. J. H. Farre'.l, recently with the
nrmy in Manila, talked about "Our Sick
and Wounded in the Philippines." Dr.
Farrell said the sick and wounded were
well cared for and looked after. Sun
stroke and kindred affections are the
most prominent in Manila; the heavy
drinkers are most commonly affected.
They often come in from duty in the
sun with a temperature of 104 deprees;
a f.^w days in the hospital quite restore
them; however. A few drinks and a hot
n;:n often produce temporary insanity.
Reports from the treasurer and secre
tary showed the society to be In a flour
is,hing condition, and the treasurer sug
gested that the dues for the year : ■■ re
mitten.
A great surprise to the members at
tending: was the absence of the expected
political tight. Dr. Ross of Sacramento,
who had been p'aggested for the presi
dency by Dr. Winslow Anderson, with
drew and left a free tiold to Dr. George
Chlsmore of San Francisco, who as
elected by acclamation. Dr. G. w.
Davis was elected first and Dr. E. E.
Kelley second vice president; Dr.
Thomas Ross, treasurer; Drs. C. C.
Wadsworth. F. Dudley Tait. E. G. Fris
bie: J. Henry Karbot, E. K. Kelley; .1, M.
[Williamson and George H. Evans board
of examiners, with Drs. Philip King
BrownJ Philip Mills Jones and E: S. How
ard as alternates.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M L Miller. Pa ,A H Wright, Stockton
I L Beeeher, Stockton jl> S Albert, Rockport
F Cox. Cal i\V T Johnson. v.kville
U V IVirnin, Fulton jj H Clark &w. Col
J L Anser, Cal E J Isham. Cal
il s <"arrjll, Petaluma ill X Wilcox. San Jose
•J H Gardiner, Hio VJst'M Tracy, San Jose
U Stewart. Rio Vista S E Urldpman, Mass
W Knowiciul .* w.Mass H H Dyer. Loa Ang
C Helknap, U 8 N A Fabst. St Louis
\V P Shaw. Ky E J ,«tanton, Ixis An?
V M Garrison. U P X .1 G Morgan. I»s Ang
W T Hunt, San Jose 'Mrs A R Johnson, I> C
.7 I> Patterson. Cal .'Mrs F S Abbotts. Cal
I' T Martin, Cal IF A Smith, Burlington
T H Green, Sn Rafael :T Dunn, St Louis
iR Johnson. Stockton W Gray. Michigan
H H Potting. Mont 'I S Brown. Watsonvllle
'Mrs C Bouchard, Cal 12 Beri Ice, Monterey
-Mrs \V Harrison, Cal \V R Jenkins & w, Cal
[Miss Itarrison. Cal X I. Clark. Watson vl lie
J H I'attee, Poloma \V A .■■■•• Watsnvl
•J Barnes Jr. X V P Ftorm. \Vatsonvllle
{H 'Wlttent^rß. Portlnd'J «« Monroe, Cal
iK Uray, Victoria In D Pressy, Petaluma
I\V I» Uclier*. Sacto iJ X Minor. Arcata
l \V V.* Turney, Cal iS 32 Btovall. William*
iJ< P Barker, Ijrv-^rmr E X Brown, Auburn'
•W P. Townsend, LsAnlH S Little, Auburn
Mrs Ij.t Rue & sn,XapalF M West & w, Cal
Mrs X Banbora, I^s Ar.gj II McEwcn, Cal
•I* II Pnnl>orn, La Ang (.» Pmlth fr W, Fresno
II X West, Eaton M Fox, Cal
R W Maosey, Cal G W Hall. Pa
U T Brown. Sn Carlo* J A well, Xapa
r E Lai;sen & w, Cal|Mrp G II Lincoln, N V
C }( Pmith. P.r.ston I Mrs F A Hoi unb. Pa
LACE HOTEL.
T Dunn, Pt liOUls A M Grau, Win
V A Pmlth, IJurUnfjtn Mm a M Qrau Wla
X W Hill, I»s Anj; F B ly-wln, Chicago
H D Brailley. Ix>s Ang J McNeil, S Cruz
X Harden, U .S X H Richter, Iquiqn*
T Uhry. X V E Framra, Hamburir
II McCulloch, St Louis' ll 8 Brlckell. Oakland
Mrs S W T^rr>-. D C '-. Mrs II S Rrickell Oak
Mies Terry. DC C L Eldred, Ohio
A D Font.'. Cal L Lamb. Ohio
J li Heml.-rpon, X T : Mrs I. Lamb, Ohio
C P Rraelaw, f Jo«e;H F Heany, St I^ouls
J 3; Clark. H .Tope I Miss Hpanv, St Louis
A J Xewby, Chicaco ]Mrs G H Lincoln, N"Y
E T Wallace, l'rcka Mrs F A Holcomb.
n M Gibson, T; S X j Mich
G C Thorpe, USX |C E Went Mich
C S Hill. U S X W 1 Solomon, X V
.1 It Davis, Chicago |E W Roberts, Cal
Mrs J R Paris. Chgo,Mrß E W Roberts. Cal
X W Burnett. L Ang (Mrs W J Bradshaw,
J H Norton. L Ing i Montana
A Wed!, ■■ v | Mrs A .1 Meier, Portld
J r Kelly, Ma-»s J L Meter, Portland
.T WatK.in, Mass [ f i: Rhlffely. x: s N
Km J Wau=nn, Mans "W T Ellis. Cal
J B Pond. NY jH II Littell. Buffalo
Mrs J n Pond, X V I Mrs H H Littell. Butt
A C Thorpe, L Ang | J H Rice. Wis
1j S McLure, <"' a i Mrs j }{ Rice, Wls
Mrs McLure. Cal C L Bass, T- S X
L A Hall; X T W 6 Thomas, Cal
J TausEing, X V
NEW WEBTERX HOTEL.
J. Kocher. lowa IB F Mr-Murray St w,
C B Sontt. Japan Auburn
A Bufranchi. • -km P W Hamilton. Pa
V H Fordya, L An« I M Ix.nif. Fresno .
J Johnson, Boston IF Hansen, Stockton
J M Wallls, Cheo IP F Martin, Chlco
n n Hrown, Chgo (Miss L C Carter, Mo
P Patterson. NY ' L J Freeman. Uklah.
J M MnrtlneMl, S JosejC F Ross, Modesto
II D Thomas. Tacoma IJ Brennan, Tularo
KAN FRANCISCO CALL.
P.UFTNFRS of-FICE of the Pan Francisco
Tnll. c,,rn»r of Mark<»t and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6I7 Montgomery street,
corner until 9:80 o'clock.
.pen until 9:30 o'clock.
treet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1 Larkli reet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IMI v . until 10 o'clock.
et btrtet, corner Sixteenth; open
■ o'cli ck.
v.nth rtrvot; nrvn until 9 o'clock.
pea until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner cf Twenty-second and Kentucky
open until 9 o'clock.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVII Dividend No. 92 (fifty
share) ot Steamship
will be payable at the office of the
J27 Market st., on and after Mon-
Will close on
at 8 o'clock p. m.
i: H SHELDON. Secretary.
the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Francisoo, April 17th. 1899.
At o ■ ting of the board of directors
: . held this day, a dividend
. able 00 and txiier April 19th
;ARD lAYMONVILLK, Secretary.
Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty-
are) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
any will be payable at the
i, 127 Mnrket Ht., on and
e.'.ur Thursday, April 20th, I>9S.
Transfer books wfl] close on Friday, April
14th, 1899. at 3 o'clock p m.
: r H. SHELDON, Secretary.
CHEAPEST nnd b»st in America— The Weekly
ages, vent to any address !n the
■stpaid, for $1 per year.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/\_
EVENING, April 20, at 7:30 o'clock. T^JT
Third degree. By order of the Master, f^r >
FRAN KLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., «
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS _*%_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 TtlC
o'clock. Third degree. By order of / '
the W. M. J. H. GOLDSMITH, bee.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVEN-^J*^ ,
ING at 7:30 o'clock for first degree. l^/\
By order of the Master, ' ~ ' i
I-;. C. HARE, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, sSJ^Wifcs.
I. O. O. F.— lnitiation THURS-^gjKfe i
DAY. April 20. 5 *
JAS. BOYES, N. G. '-7//"^
J. D. SCHLOEN, Rec Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. F. -s^*j^-
Initiation and District Lodge No. $, .-g-S|;
67 will meet THIS EVENING. 1
April 20. 1899. //; "
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Reo. See.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting Of the stockholders
of said Company has been calM by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June A, D. 1899, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of ,
business of said Company, at the building ,
where the said Board of Directors usually ;
meets namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market St., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and 1
act upon the proposition that said Company j
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for .
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
§ within the purposes of this Company; fin(. to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company. ,^,. T
[Corr-nrato Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pitny.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby sriven that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., S. F., Cal., has re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
.phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1899: Dor-
othy Edye, - years; Susan Connolly, 3 years: •
Rose Connolly. 2 years; Franc L. Dawson. S
year?" Helen G. Dawson, 6 years: Annie F. ;
Peoples. 1" years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. McKewen. 5 years; Marietta K. Mc-
Kewcn. 3 years; Georgia A. Smith. 11 years:
Laura Ouster, 11 years; Edna A. Anthony, »
vea-s; Myrtle irrlgan, 11 year?: Lillian E.
Powers. 7 years; Theresa M. Bowtwell, 10
years; Maud' M. Manny. 6 years. !
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 . up; |
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; 1
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. roomy ■' '": tel. 5.>ZO.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLAPS colored cook desires situation;
best reference: city or country. MISS C.UL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
XEAT Fpcoml girl or nurse desires situation;
best of reference: city or country; $15. Miss
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as sewing
anil assist with children; best references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
GERMAN girl for. housework wants place in ;
country at $25 per month; also a Scandinav-
ian Kirl for country; also first-class Scandi-
navian cook wants a place in city; references.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIVE German second girls and 2 young nurses i
await positions. MRS. LAMBERT . 413
Powell St.; tel. Main 5332. 1
NEAT American widow, elderly, desires pOSI- I
tion" good cook and laundress; kind to chil- I
dren; references given: wages $10 to $12, '
cr by the day. cleaning house or washing,
7.'.c. 26SJ?tevenson st., room 2.
AN experienced Protestant lady wants posi-
tion as housekeeper; fond of children; will
do family sewing. Call or write MRS.
WHEELOCK. 541 A Castro st.
WANTED — By a respectable woman who has 1
good reference, work by the day wash- \
Ing and cleaning. Please call or address 469
Hayes st. !
YOUNG woman wants any kind of libusework j
by the clay; wages reasonable. Please call
at 227 Minna St.
GIRL, 16, wishes a place to mind children;
waj?es $6 month; city or country. Address j
box 5, Call office. :
GERMAN woman wishes Bltuatlon to do gen- |
eral housework: good plain cook; $10; city
or country. 504 Howard st. |
GIRL wishes situation to do chamber work In
a hotel and wait at table for dinner. 3414
Twenty-sixth st., near Mission,
SWEDISH girl wants housework and cooking,
$20. 2122 Twenty-second at., between Vermont
and 1 assen.
STRONG Swedish girl wants work by day,
washing and ironing; first-class laundress.
707 Minna st., near Eighth.
RESPECTABLE woman desires a place to care
for an Invalid or willing: to keep house for
some one. Box 713, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— A place for home sir.d board and
little money. 214 Perry St., near Fourth.
GERMAN woman would like chamberwork.
Address box 4. Call office. ' >, _
GERMAN girl wishes situation for general
housework. BSS East Fourteenth St., Oakland.
GIRL wishes position to do light housework.
S3:e Eighteenth st. «
NEAT young girl wants position in small fam-
ily to assist In housework. Address 349 Dore.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion; is good oook; do light housework; city ;
or short distance in country: best reference: i
no postal answered without carfare. 3SS6
Twenty-third Et.. near Sanchez.
FRENCH girl wishes position to do second
work or chamberwork and sewing; also wait
at table. 66S Minion Ft.
NEAT young girl wants general housework-
and plain cooking. Please call at 3647 Sacra-
mento si . corner of Spruce.
COLORED woman wishes a situation as lady's
maid or In doctor's office. Address M., box
352. Call.
WANTED— Position as working housekeeper or
companion by a respectable American lady.
Box 1. Call.
WOMAN wants situation; good cook; country
preferred. 225 Minna St.
SITUATION wanted by a young German girl;
upstairs work; understands waiting at table
and sewing. Address box A-9, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do j
second work or care of children and sew-
ing; references. 1413 Devlsadero st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do of-
fice cleaning or housework; by day or month.
Apply at 242 Natoma St., basement.
YOUNG lady of culture and refinement desires
position as companion or private secretary to
elderly person; references. Address M., 519
Eddy ••
EXPERIENCED nurse 'desires engagements;
terms moderate. Box 6, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar- j
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 £0 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. j
-SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable German" j
couple either In a mining camp or on a ranch: |
the wife Is a good general housekeeper, while i
the husband can make himself generally use-
ful: best of reference. Address 325 Sutter st..
MISS CULLEN.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Erap. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12. I
CHINESE and Japanese : Employment Office; |
best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. : teL Bast 424.
BY sober, honest young man 24- years old. as
clerk In grocery or some wholesale house;
has had 8 years' experience In grocery busi- !
ness; speaks German and English: can give i
best of references. Box 69. Call office.
GARDENER: understands the care of plants
in and outdoor, fruit and vegetable growing;
wish.- position on country place or resort;
references. Box 88, Call office.
EXPERIENCED young German wishes work
as window washer and housecleaner by the
day. Address Housecleaner, 748 Howard St.,
room 6.
POSITION as clerk in grocery store. In city
or Oakland, by steady young Englishman;
3 years out; best of references. F. C, box
87. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man as
Indoor servant; best of city references. T.
A., 419 Stockton st.
$5 WILL pay to any one securing me position
of any kind; well educated; references. Box
299, Call office.
YOUNG man understanding work about place
desires work in city; references. Address A.
F.. box 3, Call. .
i RELIABLE man wants work; can do any kind
1 of work around house; good lawn gardener; '
sober and neat. Box 308. Call office.
MAN (middle-aged) understands the care of
horses, cows, buggy and garden, wants situa-
tion. Box 821, Call office.
COLORED man and wife want situations aa
■ cooks In a boarding bouse. 1608 Leavenworth.
THE SA]S FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APKIL. 20, 1899.
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
WILL " glTe^oooTlo^~ioxl26. for steady work
In Alameda County: gardening or attending
horses; good character; educated. J., 832
West St., Oakland.
WANTED— Work on a dairy farm where
steady employment can be had by one who
thoroughly understands his business; 45 years
of age and single; Is strictly temperate; ref-
erences from last employer. Address DAIRY,
box 6, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by practical florist and
gardener to take charge of private place; Ger-
man, age 32, single; 18 years' experience In
plants, cut flowers, vegetables and landscape
gardening; first-class references. Address
box A 3. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young married man wishes a
position as driver or any kind of work; Is
honest, obliging and reliable; best of. refer-
ence. Box A 2. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by neat German boy in
city or country; age 16 years; residing with
parents; references. Apply at M*S2 Hampshire
st., near .Twenty-third. -
GARDENER— A practical gardener, under-
stands the business in all branches and a good
horseman, wishes situation. Address box G
98, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, French, 45 years, good ac-
countant and correspondent, wishes situation;
first-class references. Address box 65, Call.
COOK would like a position in country board-
ing-house or mining camp; sober and indus-
trious. 149 Third et.
WANTED— situation as driver by a man
speaking German and English fluently. Box
3T.3. Call. ____
UPHOLSTERER, German, young man, wants
work. 7 Grant aye., room 10. _^
THIRD hand baker wants steady work. Ad-
dress box 2, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant en-
gineer or to take entire charge of email en-
gine; city or country. A. L., box 13. Call.
WANTED Situation as gardener; reference
given. Address H. CLYNE, 1240 Mission at.
PRINTER— Set type, feed cylinder and Gordon
style presses; fair Job workman; handy In
city job or country news office; steady situ-
ation an object. Address Printer. 44 Third st. j
COLORED man as porter, elevator, etc.; has i
4 years' reference. Address C. ENNIS, 518 j
Powell st.
WANTED— Position as messenger or any
place of trust by a middle-aged man; strict-
ly sober and hoViest; can give first-class city
references and bond if required. JOHN H.
TAYLOR, box 4. Call office.
BAKER— Foreman, steady worker, with best
of references, wishes situation; city or coun-
try; stock or compressed yeast. Address M.
<; . box 1484, Call office, Oakland.
AN honest, capable man of good habits desires
position as bookkeeper or office man with re- j
liable firm where merit and strict attention to !
business will be appreciated; good recom- !
mendations; moderate salary. Box 34, Call.
GARDENER wishes a position on private
place; understands care of horses and cows
and is generally useful. Box A 30, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an amiable and Indus-
trious Japanese boy; any kind of housework.
In office, family, boarding; best references.
A. B.'V.. 1329 Pine st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LOUISA TODD and MARGARET McKENNA
please call at MISS CULLEN'S, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE: 1 child 3 years old; $12; sleep home. '
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADY'S maid: $30 per month. MISS CULLEN. i
3i*i Sutter st.
COMPANION to Invalid lady; $25 per month.
Miss CULLEN, 823 Sutter st.
REFINED girl; assist light housework; Capl-
tola; $15 per month; fare paid both ways; see
lady here; apply early. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
INFANT'S nurse, $25 per month; 2 second girls, |
$25 nnd ?20; 2 waitresses, same hotel. Mill :
Valley, $20 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Butter st.
GIRL for light upstairs work, $12 per month;
housework. Glen Ellen, $20 per month. MISS
i i i.l.X.v, 325 Suiter st.
CHAMBERMAID and laundress, $25 to $30 per
• month; cook, same house, $35, MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl; $25 per month; 2 !
_In family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl; light second work; $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Butter St.
COOK German or French cooking; $35 per
month. MISS ■ 1.1.KN. 325 Slitter St.
NURSE; child 5 years old and travel; $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LIGHT housework; sleep home; $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
TAILORESS; $10 per week. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter si |
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
10 waitresses for city and country, $20; res- .
taurant waitress, $30; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$6 week; 4 lunch and dinner waitresses, $20; ;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman cook
for summer resort, $35 ;
FAMILY COOK !
cook, American family, $30; cook and second i
girl for small family,, $25 and $15; houseglrl
for Modesto, $20, see party here, fare paid;
houseglrl, Alameda. $20, gee party here; 4
cooks and housegirls, $25: and many more,
$15 to $25. C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
NEAT young girl, about 13 to 15 years old, .to ;
tend door In first-class boarding house; good
home and $5 month; splendid chance to learn ;
1 tel work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary. j
WANTED — German cook, no wash, $30; Pro- |
testant second girl, $20; Protestant nurse, $20;
Scandinavian or French cook, 2 in family,
no wash, $2.' and extras equaling $5 to $10 :
a month additional: 10 waitresses for three
spring places for April 25 and May 1. $20; 40 ■
girls for housework In American and Jewish :
families, both City and country. $20 to $30. I
Apply to .1. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter. !
WANTKD— Protestant nurse to travel East
with lady and care for little boy 2 years old: :
summer situation; references positive; would
like a French irlrl If possible; go the Ist of
May. J. P. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WANTED — Woman to assist In general house- !
work; good plain cook; Scotch, German or :
American preferred; wages $12. Call between
9 and 12 a. m., 3753 Twenty-fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; light house-
work; good home; small wages; In Alameda.
inoO',4 McAllister st., San Francisco, Friday,
2 to 4 p. m.
WANTED — Young French girl for general;
housework in Alameda; must be neat and
obliging; no washing. Apply box 306, Call.
2 YOUNG cooks; German style; city and San
Rafael: $25. 418 Powell st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. 204<* Leaven-
worth. St.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. IS3O !
Eddy st. *"*:"?. ■
SHIRT finishers at LAWTON'S, 229 Kearny
street.
WANTED — A first-class talloress on coats at
105 Stockton St., room 56.
NEAT young girl to assist housework. 3820 i
Twenty-second st.
GOOD finisher. 927 Market St., room 626.
EXPERIENCED pants finisher wanted. 622
Clay st., room ISA.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 2624 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE girl wanted for tailoring busi-
ness. Apply 414 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A first-class cook. German, at 1721
Van Ness aye. ; call between 1 and 3 p. m.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10 to $12. 1279 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — A good experienced finisher on
coats. 238 Ellis st. :n:- v ,'
PROTESTANT girl for general housework; $12.
710 Cole St., near Chutes.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
3448 Twentieth St., corner Capp. •
WANTED— First-class skirt hands. 1022 Mar-
ket Et.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work.
80S Howard St., over handball court.
HELP wanted at once for dressmaking. 609
Taylor Ft.
60 YOUNG girls for housework; also a num- I
ber of young girls to assist; some first-class
ranch cooks; a mother and daughter wish
places In the country, mother a good cook;
girl to assist. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st
phone Main 804.
WANTED— A good finisher and button-hole
maker for tailoring. 208 Rose aye.. near Oc-
tavla st. 'V:,:-:
DRESSMAKER'S apprentice wanted. 406 Sut-
tar St., room a 90-9 L
WANTED— GirIs to learn finishing pants 645
Sanchez St.. near Nineteenth. |
1 FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on fine vesta. 854 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' presser at the New Pa-
rislan Dyeing and Cleaning W'ks, 2216 Foleom.
i GIRL between 14 and 16 to assist In light
housework. Call after 9 a. m.. 714 McAllister.
GOOD ironers and starchers. 790 Elizabeth st
between 23d and ?4th, west of Castro.
CUSTOM talloress on fine coats wanted. 533
Natoma st.
LITTLE girl wishes home In Catholic family
in country. Girls' Directory, Central aye.
WANTED— Good alteration hands at E. MEB-
SAGER'S CLOAK STORE, 145 Post St.
WANTED— A girl who does German cooking
and washing; references. 2311 Broadway.
HELP XV ANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmaker^ r BOWHAY, 616
Sutter st:
FIRST-CLASS operators and* finishers on
pants. 6 Eddy st., room 88. ■
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
803 Montgomery st., room 10.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on cording for under-
Bklrts, poke bonnets, etc. H. FRIEDLAN-
PER, 338 Fell Bt.
SMART hairworker; also apprentice at hair-
dressing. 240 Stockton st., near Post.
WANTED— Operators on crash and duck skirts.
DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEV I STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont ft.
WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Mala SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Rough carpenter, city, steady Job $2 day
Carpenter, country $2 50 day
Stableman, . country $22 50 and found
Buggy washer, $25 and found; butcher for
ranch; 2 milkers, Oregon, fare paid; farm
hand and' milkers; harnessmaker; 3 slate
splitters and 3 blockmakers for slate quarry;
blacksmith helper. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
MACHINIST for the city; blacksmith, country
shop, $32 50 and found ; 3 fishermen. ' MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
RUNNER for lodging house
Private family cook, $30; 5 hotel cooks, $30,
$35 and $40
Waiter for coffee house; waiters, country;
dishwashers, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Head waiter and steward with club experi-
ence, $75 to $100; broiler. $60; second cook,
restaurant, $50; restaurant cook, country, $30
to $60; kitchen hand, resort, $25; cook, plain
hotel, $30; vegetableman, springs, $20, fare
advanced: baker's helper, $25: butcher. $50.
Railroad laborers, new work
Harnessmaker for a ranch, $30 and found;
vegetable gardener and run Incubator, $25;
5 milkers, Bee boss here, $25; 3 boys to pull
weeds, etc, 50c a day and board: and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 blacksmiths, $54 month and '$2
day and board; miners, $40 and board; car
man,' $30 and board; vegetable gardener, $20
and found: men for vineyard work, $15 and
$17; teamsters, $1 75 day; cooks, waiters and <
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento St.
WANTED— for restaurant, country. $40
and room; 3 farm hands, $20: 2 farm hands,
$15; and others. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay.
MAN for ranch work. $30 per month and found.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN cook, $50 per month and found. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
STEWARD and head waiter. $40, country hotel.
HOTEL GA7JETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED — An experienced porter for a whole-
sale liquor firm; must be able to do the reve-
nue work. Address, stating references, box
339, Call office.
WANTED— First-class coat maker, country;
permanent position. GREENBURG CO., 29
Flood building.
YOUNG man as partner with a business lady;
can make good salary and board; $200, full
value. 527 Mission St.
EXPERIENCED boy to feed cylinder and Gor-
don Job presses. 16 Fremont St. ;
SOLICITOR for printing office. 420 Montgom-
ery St., room 33.
FIRST-CLASS Ironer; man or woman. 131S
Turk st.
YOUNG barber wanted for Wednesday, Satur-
day and Sunday. 62 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— A good ladles' tailor. 306 Mason
street.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st. '
PRESSMAN on pants. S. N. WOOD, corner
Powell and Eddy pts.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted. 408 But-
ter st. SCHIMMEL £ STOVER.
PAINTERS wanted. Call 7 a. m. sharp, 391
■ Fifth st.
WANTED— A harness maker; good stitcher.
11l Market at. ■
BOY wanted in confectionery. 1503 Geary st.
BOY for printing office. 109 California St.,
room 27. sSTLS'JiS
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
COATMAKER to take sitting room on Com-
mercial st. ; steady work guaranteed. 428
Montgomery st.
GERMAN grocery clerk, middle-aged, experi-
enced, at 725 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coats; steady;
$15 to $1S per week. 289 Fifth st.
BOY who has worked at ehoemaklng on the
bench. 641 Post st.
I NICE sunny sitting place for tailor; also fur-
nished room; private family. 160 Seventh st.
WANTED— To-morrow morning, 9 o'clock, at
Union Iron Works' drydock, 60 ship calkers,
non-union men, at $5 per day.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35 •
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention, to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
. and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., Ban Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Scraper drivers and laborers at
Broadway and Devlsadero St.
TWO first-class ladles' tailors wanted for the
country: must be rapid, good operators. Ap-
ply at STEIN. SIMON & CO., Market and
Second sts., San Francisco.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 CO: new shoes,
Pllghtly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week: "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 6fi4' Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
•pii;g Agent. EO4-506 Davis st.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: Be per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading 'room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBBON House. 417 -Rooms from 25c
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S F
Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE Bunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndnll House, Sixth and Howard Bts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75(» $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863& Market st.
WANTED collect waxes due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme. House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GENERAL agent— "Life of Admiral^Dew"-
ey" and "America's New Possessions"; su-
perbly illustrated; sample, 25c. stamps or
coin: catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY
114 Fifth aye.. New York.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out: sample postpaid, 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
FUUNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, «32 Market St.. pays^hlfsheoT
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand phaeton In good con-
dition: must be cheap; cash. Address box
373. Call office.
EDUCATIONAL.
I ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
j ■ saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mm;-
; eralogy, surveying math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HE ALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 728 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St. •
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
lng, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve ;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR, 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 30G Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L,.
Merkl. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
PERSONALS.
MRS. E.— Kindly again write or phone the
friend you met on eteamer Santa Rosa, down
trip; was at hotel Tuesday morning at 10, but
failed to find you.
LEON — Please send me your address at once;
Important. 765 Market st. ORA.
T. BRILLIANt7I3S-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., ISI4 Market st.; open evenings.
LEDEREIi, the popular hairdresser; popular
pricee, 25c; good switches, $1; nne, $2 50; long-
est hair rolls, 35c; (juintonica, the infallible
hair tonic, 35c bottle. 123 Stockton Bt.
LEDERER'S FOAMO SHAMPOO, the best in
the market, 5c package; try it; see fine win-
dow exhibit this week. 123 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
VITAL ORE REMEDIES— A cure for every
one. for all complaints; price Vital Ore, Jl;
Vital Ore Pills, Hie; Vital Ore Oline. 50c; send
me your address and I will call or send by
mall. J. Z. FORD, 340 Third St.. S. F.. Cal.
DR. MAUDE INMAN, electric physician, 1104
Market St., the Vendome, room 48.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 204 San Jose
_aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 481.
IN divorce matters will give full information
free: strictly confidential. Eos S3l, Call.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms: also teaches
fortune telling: fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
$150 FOR hiyh grade upright piano; almost
new; cost J-i.'O. 543 Chenery st., Mission.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
SBAKBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTR, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Btockton St. to 831 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTT'RF, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection ;guarntd Dr. Gordin, sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prlcp. H. KRAMER, 20 Hansom? St.
JRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 8 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1: plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. '.:,(•. !>in Pine st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. .T. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all prl-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Btockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, luc. 605 McAllister st.; come skeptics.
MRS. Mi:\.\ FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. US Height Bl
MBS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tut>s.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., S: 2- $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at '.n:> O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 10C3<4 MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move Influence, bad habits; will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023% Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
between Powell ami Mason. Her success as a
medium his startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important Information, and every
reply la most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
imme and for what they came. She gives
advice an business, speculation*, lawsuits, old
entates, love, courtship and marriage — every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
Rp»k her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Fight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. r.oc; gents, SI; sit. $1 50. 128 Turk.
MISS ALICE FAURE. card reader and palmist.
405 Kearny st.; room 34; French and German
Fpoken.
MME. HANPON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 1534 f>th, r. 21.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netist. 2"7 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
MISS CLEVELAND, palmist an! card
reader. 1i0..\ Geary ft., rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. FOPHIA SEIP, psychometrlst and clalr-
voyant; readings, s n c; letters, 800. 1724 Mrkt.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1033 Mission
st., downstairs.
A. OLSEN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
only. 11' i Eighth ft.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Pt.. near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c: ladies only.
54S Natoma st.. b»t. Plxth and Seventh.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles, 25c;
fcpnts, 50c. 527% i "Post St.
MISS L. DEAN, card reader and palmist. 719
Market st. , room 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
Jl6 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis «t.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE-Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2Rc; ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
A WEEK'S n«w= for C cents The Weekly Call,
18 pages. In wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MMeTneERGAARD. pupil Count St. Oer-
malne; 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; rending by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
■t. : 15 years' experience: references given.
HOUSES.
TWO perfectly matched road teams, 16 hands^
weight 2200 nnd 2300, good roadsters: also sev-
eral fast single horses; rond cart; racing sul-
ky and harness; private stable. 1618 Folsom.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons., buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons~;~3~~bug>
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys nnd hnrpeH. 1140 Folsom st!
LOST.
LOST— A parcel In Emporium or on Market st
as far as Fourth, containing 2 remnants of
gingham. Return to C. WORDEN, 248 Harriet.
STOLE from the San Bruno farm at half-past
9 Sunday eve., a sorrel horse with a reversi-
ble R on right hip; white saddle marks on
the back.
FOUND.
FOUND— A lady's gold watch on Geary st. In-
QUlre Hackmeier Hotel, Eddy et.
EXPERTOPTICIANS^
DANGER-SIGNALS
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT.
ANY SENSATION OF PAIN
IS A WARNING!
Each examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE is duly recorded. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician. Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
107ix_5 Market st., San Francisco; open pvngs.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases' all those who arr sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $5; no instruments
used' satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
er* helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5- home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS DR. WYETH. 942 Post bt.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday: 10 to 12 and 2t04 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAKKRS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for Irregular and painful perl 019
of ladies: are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the. system; brighten the eyes; restore
• health and beauty to the faded; French Tansy
Wafers are the only reliable female remedy In I
the world; imported from Paris: take n
else from druggists, but insist on the genuine;
in red wrappers with crown trade mark.
GEO DAHLBENDER & CO., druggists. 2U
Kearny st. H. L. LAUD & CO.. druggist?, |
northwest cor. Fourth and Howard sts., |
agents. San Francisco.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, |
though els* fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market at.;
pills, $1 : very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. kohl. 1122 Market st.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours, fl to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.;
Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
cafe and cure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the w*ll-known specialists
and ladles' physlciane for 37 years; ccc v*.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, 6ave time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. <"all or write, 10234 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
?4 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, $1; <~ure.
If. 1562 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 421.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Prlvnte home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea ar.d
herb sanitarium, 764-76G Clay st., San Fran-
cifco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chlchester'fl English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; s»nd 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 408 Clay
ft. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to S»- 1
iruro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe rure; J2 50:
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD HK"S.. rna-t Agents, Oakland, ial
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540H Howard: Mrs. M. Wledemann. midwife.
DR and Mrs Wise, 111^ Market st. — Instant re-
: lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eaaes of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some eaay
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW FINE BARGAINS IN UPRICHTS.
Cramer, in good order $ "LJ ■«■>
Seltz; a bargain I
Weber: fine condition 151 on
Kingsbury: good as new 17". f»)
Hn.lth & Barnes: walnut rase 190 '-1
Chickerlng; In splendid order 240 00
Six dollar monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell Bt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
tn, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
find prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. EKO Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
R. A. DANIELS^ 1(3 now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Ronms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER, BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
308 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento nt.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister ot., next Hibernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OTarrell St.
(SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .nd new. H.
MTT.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
FRESH milch cow with calf. Inquire A~
KRETH, 1445 Thirteenth aye., South Saii
Francisco.
Si:i "NH-HAND typewriter; cheap. Box~7cT
Call office.
FIXK ornamental mirror for sale! 1938 Mls-
sion st.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st.— For sale 1
band saw, 1 12-inch Pony planer, I' 2& horse-
power gas engine, 1 hydraulic pump (3 plun-
gers, high pressure), boilers, engines, pumps
second hand.
$90— AN upright Stoddart piano, almost new
cost originally $300, at UNCLE HARRIS
1") Grant aye.
CAMERAS Line of new Premog. Pocos etc"
■ drummers' sample) to dispose of at once-
will well below cost. 513, Examiner building!
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcaaes. counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1021 Mission st
above Sixth,
FIXE fast 22-foot gasoline launch; cheap. Ap-
ply at Harbor View Park.
BAROAIN-3 H. P. Golden~73ate gas engine.
_ almost new. See. EPSTEIN, 64S Mission ft.
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine in fine condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 614-616-08 Mission at.
BOILERS, engine*, second-hand machinery.
_ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Bealj st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
PI'LLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; haves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AH sizes new and second hand. THES
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento Bt.
GASOLINE engines— 1 horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or gTapnophone. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second hand: all
tlzea; half original coat. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
lairlng at lowest rates. 2"X Fourth st.
PHYSIOIAJfS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and resldenc*!?
10&tt Market St.. bet. «th and its.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S3OO- BRANCH~^akery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50, average daily
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE, 906 Market St.. room 6.
a— Sfion RESTAURANT; best business location
in this rent $25; established years; aver-
age daifv receipts $25; good prices: best clasi
customer^. RG WILKE, 906 Market st.
A-$450; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin st.; doing a s P len^£ P ay :
Ing business; rooms; rent low; ™»«" *»»»**
country hotel. R.G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A-$4000; MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month.
47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar. etc.
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at once: a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G. WILKE _rm ; .J, 906 Market.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, with ?,, nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. S. 906 Market.
$1100; SALOON In Western Addition; ele-
gant nxutres; club and ladies' rooms; side en-
trance; doing a first-class paying business,
rent, $23. Call WILKE. 906 Market at.
A-$400; CARPET cleaning ' and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a.
first-class investment. K. G. WILKE. room
E. 806 Market st.
A-$1650; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
farmer of fruit grower needs them; small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of R. t».
WILKE. 906 Market St.. room 6.
$225— BARBER shop; Kearny St.: 6 chairs;
clears $80 to $100; big bargain. LESS. 765 Mkt.
DELICACIES; dairy produce store; north
Market; receipts $8; rent -14. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$500— PAYING Market St. house; central: 10
rooms; fine furniture. M LESS, 765 Market.
$350— OYSTER and chop house; vicinity Mis-
sion and Sixth; business of $15 daily. Call to-
day, RAND & CO., 917 Market st.
$325— 0N account of death of owner; corner
grocery and bar; 3 livir.g rooms; bar trade $10
daily. RAND & CO., 917 Market st.
$225— RESTAURANT; rent $22; cheap at $500; a
bargain. GUS STRAND & CO . 1027% Market.
WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of any
kind. STRAND & CO., 1027 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in old-established busi-
ness; will clear $75 month to each; no experi-
ence necessary. STRAND, 1027 .--: Market st.
CALL and see our list of hotels, saloons, gro-
ceries, a fine-paying bakery, all established;
ranches, country merchandise stores, station-
ery stores, cigar stands tor sale and exchange:
parties wishing to make quick sales will call
at our office. EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
$1200— HOTEL; city front; retiring from bus.
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
in prosperous country town; complete outfit
for business. McLAUGHLIN cV CO.. 777 Mkt.
$1800— 22-ROOM hotel; must be sold at once;
neat place in nice neighborhood: guests mid-
dle class. GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny.
LADY with $300 to buy Interest and manage
novel seaside amusement proposition; grand
outing for entire summer; experience not nec-
essary; no triflers. Nat. Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400— PARTNER in mechanical business; $1S to
$2."» a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co., 9 Geary st.
$400— SALOON: a bargain; at once. COWING
& CO., 995 Market st.
— TO buy 'or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO.. 1008% Market st.
WANTED — Partner with $1000; established
liquor business: manufactures cordials, comp-
ounds and cider; good outside trade. Box
305. Call office.
GROCERY and bar to rent; occupied at pres-
ent; good location: rent reasonable. 1114
Bryant st, bet. Ninth and Tenth.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 to $3000; hard-
ware business; a splendid chance for a young
man. Address H. W., box 58, Call office.
BAKERY, candy and notion store for sale;
call at once; no reasonable offer refused.
227 Ninth st.
SALOON on East St.; good business; lust be
sold at once; cheap; owner leaving city. Ad-
dross box 300, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for sale cheap; good rea-
son for selling given. Box 307, Call office.
GOOD laundry route for sale, with horse and
wagon. 249 Pacific St., room 102.
CIGAR store for sale. 41 Fourth st. ; owner
leaving city.
WANTED— Two-chair barber shop cheap. Call
at 437 Fulton st.
ON account of sickness; restaurant; must be
sold quick; at your own price. 51] Jones st.
PARTNER is wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of mines. Apply
Call office.
MANUFACTURING plant running and pay-
ing: consume article; splendid chance for 2
lively young men; good reasons for selling.
Box 47, Call office.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halght st.
WANTED— SmaII business, suitable for a lady;
must be cheap. Address box 1, Call office.
WANTED— By a lady, a small business or half,
interest in same. Address box 1, Call.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
AN old es>tab. tailoring business; machines, 050
yds. clcth, trimmings, etc. : doing $500 per
mo. going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
RESTAURANT for sale and in good location,
and a big ranch. Call at 596 O'Farrell st.
STORE fixtures, showcases to let; suitable
candy; reasonable to business parties. 2543
Fol6om st.
GOOD paying saloon within a block of
Call building. Box A-29. Call office.
FOR — Grocery and saloon at 967 Howard
St., near Sixth; 3 rooms in rear.
A— s3ooo TO $5000; partner wanted; chance of a
lifetime; business located center city; estab-
lished 12 years; a good chance for steady man.
Call at S5O Market St., room 9. opp. Fourth st.
PAYING restaurant for sale cheap; low rent.
Apply MRS. GREER. 1941 Market St.
PARTNER— Reliable man with small capital
for well paying business; trial. 41 Third st.,
room 6. '. ..
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
— 16-ROOM house; new furniture and carpets;
cost $1300; price $650. DECKER. 1020 Market.
29-ROOM bay-window house, elegant furniture,
hair-topped mattresses; north of Market, near
the Emporium: clears $150; must be sold.
DECKER, 1020 Market St.
92-ROOM HOUSE FOR OAKLAND,
ALAMEDA OR CITY PROPERTY.
14 rooms: on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; large yard; downtown. 400
15 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness 350
64- room house; clears $300; payments 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
54-rocm house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANT SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
A— KREDO & Co 22Vi Geary st.
Money advanced on All Houses.
Elegantly furnished fiat; centrally lo-
cated: 2 rooms pay rent.
$4000—110 rooms; cheap rent; clears $3000.
$1300— 45 rooms; corner Kearny; bargain.
$600— 2S rooms; near Market; special bargain.
— 50-room hotel : clears $250 month
Long list of bargains. KREDO .<- CO.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331% Bush st.
HOWARD, Lodging house, 35 rooms, to
let; rent $45.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale; 6 rooms for- $6O 315V4
O'Farrell st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50 with No
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 11?7-mi Market!
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr
38 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South-* 250. "
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
A ?7 A «S E £t rpe caning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J - Mc QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates!
off r 3 d EVghVsT. rag-- jisa.^
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
Bt.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
CA . LA «i Storaße Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving
Office. 401 Post «t.. cor. Powell; teL Main 57u!
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack!
to*. advance. «tc. TO Market; teLßl»c4tt_CHOUSES TO LET.
SUNNY 9-room house at IS Franklin et., half.
a block from Market: fine for room renting;
cheap rent. Apply 13 »sr»nt aye.
MINNA, 521. rear, bot. 6th and Tth— s-roora
house; rvnt (10 1110. Apply 1021 Mission, nr.6th.
OUR rout department kik':< to your home: js^t
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
H'tWKLL. in Montgomery ft.
FURNISH 12 U HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE. D rooms, bath, yard, basement.
Call I and 4 p. m., 2405 Folsom St., near
Twentieth;
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; lar£» yard.
Apply on prumises, t'S5 Guerrero st.
FURNISHED house: C rooms and bath; sunny
corner; i 25. 1700 Market Rt.
FURNISHED S-room cottage; piano: large
yard: to rent whole or part. 2237 Jackson St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$6 EACH; cottage, 5 rooms, 2 %ew tenements
of 4 rooma, near Thirty-fourth and Mission
sts. Apply C 4 Silver st., if Third.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage; 7 rooms, bath; large
yard: rent. }».
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooma, bath, basement;
also flat; 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1676 Fifteenth
St., near Dolores.
SUNNY 4-room cottage; small family only;
also ilat. H23 Second it., near Brannan.
FLATS TO LEST.
A— s9; newly painted and whitened 3-room
flats. C4B Jessie st., near Seventh.
CASTRO, 458," near Seventeenth and Market-
Modern sunny double Rat, 10 rooms; stable;
cheap.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick— Modern
Ei'.nny flat; 5 rooms: bath: cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath; modern improve-
■;*. inents. 3442 Twentieth st.
GEARY, 2257— Handsomely furnished flat, 6
rooms; hath; piano; Funny; modern; reason-
'ablc.
NEW modern middle flat; 5 rooms, bathj yard,
basement. C39A Minna st., bet. Seventh and
Eighth. L __ ;
NEW sunny modern upper flat, <! rooms, bath,
basement, oellaj-, $25. 142.'* Hayes st.
NINTH, 237-Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
OUR rent department BoeiT to your home; get
printed list of tints from BALDWIN &
■
SACRAMENTO, 13> : ! - Kl.'U of 3 rooms; separ-
-ato entrance: rent 512 .•.0.
SUNNY li.it nt 4 rooms, between Harrison and
Ninth sts^ $S. 315 Pore St., MRS. \V.
TWENTY-THIRD, WT3, r.ear Castro— Upper
T9; Noe st.,; corner Nineteenth: uppar 5
UPI'KR sunny flat: »2ti Valencia: 7 rooms, bath;
rent J^J. Inquire BryrS oo * l3 store, 930 Valencia.
$11— LOWER flat, 4 ruorud; mantel: folding
di rs. 715 Tehama st., near Eighth.
•:: -BAY-WINDOW flat of 8 rooms and
bath. li*27 Ciay st., near Polk.
2?26 California^ 7 r.s3o!S»i Scott, 7 r ?3'3
30304 Wiish. 6 T..22 50 j 1609 Turk, 6 r 17
707 Stockton, 6 r... 26 1696 Pane. 3 r 1."
Hi Frederick. 6 r.. 15 r.C7 Hickory, 6 r 15
642 Fell, 6 r 19: 72"> Monty ay., 6 r. . 14
532 Fell. 3 r 13 32" Linden ay.. 4 r.. 10
A. M. >'■■:. & '■-.■-■ 7 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 large nice eunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and bed-
room: furniture all new; S2 per week. IS ppr
me nth: no children. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission st.. between First and Second ets.
EDDY. 917— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
t-;>!i-ndid location; larpe garden; no children.
ELLIS, .".:;< — 2 Tlicely furnished sunny rooms for
I usekeeplng; k^s, b;ith. running water.
FIFTH, 221— Sunny moms, $1 up; housekeep-
Ing: kitchens- -
FIFTH. 3.l3— Furnished housekeeping; 2, $12
FIRST, 2S— 3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping:, $12 mo.; 2 unfurnished, $6.
FOURTH; 22:,— 4 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; reasonable; also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 311—515; large sunny
room, lit ht housekeeping; hath anil gas: rets.
GROVE, 104. cor. Polk— Several neatly fumshd.
hkpg-. rms ; renovated; Incandescent lights.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or :i'ur. sunny
rooms; kitoh'T.. pas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1^14—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
hriupekeeping rooms; rent $12 to $15.
JF.SSIK, 476— Two moms complete for house-
keeping. y
L'ARKIN, 526- = -2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments. . furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 102s — Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12.
MINNA, 111*4— Furnished bay-window house-
keeping suite with piano. $2 50 per weeki
MINNA! 371— Sunny furniphfHl basement room;
water; stove; closets; private family.
MINNA, 545, near Sixth— Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; large rd; Mission
and Howard cars.
MISSION, 52!— Larpe rooms complete for house-
_kwptng. ?2;- single rooms, Jl 25.
MISSION, Sl7— Fiirni^h^d suite of roonrs com-
MISSIOX. 1125*& near Sovf-nth— Housekeeping
I rooms, single and en suite: good stove;
MISSION, 1430— Nice large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION] Hr.H-Newly furnished rooms, with
exclusive kitchen, $15; use of parlor.
OAK, SSio^-Larse furnished front rooms for
couple; g;is and bath; private family.
PKKKY. 174 — I-arge sunny housekeeping rooms;
kitchen; sink; hot and cold water; reasonable.
POf"T, 732— Furnished rooms; housekeeping, pri-
gjvate; residence; roferenres. Call bet. 11 and 2.
POWKI.L. 41*>— Unfurnished front- and back
room or partly furnished.
SEVENTH. 17S— Cheerful furnished rooms for
housekeeping; water and yard: $!< per month.
SEVENTH, 2C2— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
EEVENTH. 191— Large bay-window rooms for
housekeeping; also connecting rooms; reason-
able.
tIXTH, 42'J — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also .parlor suite; bath; quiet house.
STOCKTON, 711— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
TAYLOR, Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping room; also front.
THIRD, 309—2 large rooms complete for house-
keeping; also other rooms.
TURK; 3S— Two BUSby furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
TURK, near Larkln— 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete. $15: also handsomely fur-
nished parlor suite, with use of kitchen and
dlnlncr room, $25. Inquire 22"* Geary, rm. 2i*.
.20— FOR one mo. only: two rooms, suitable for
brld<> and groom: ?1000 piano. Address A.,
Station H.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
funny rooms; en suits or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
A." 5 !! aye., SS, near City Hall— Bunny fur-
nished -rooms; rent $S.
AT Hotel FranoJsco, Turk and Taylor stg.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath rooms, SOc to $1 £0 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth st.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms. ■
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; »ultes,
tingle: facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
HUSH, 421, m. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
IiUSH, IH4S— FurniFhc-d sunny room in a mod-
ern flttt; respectable jrc-ntleman.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 3. corner Furnished front room;
tl 10 per week.
EDDY, 207— Nice sunny front rooms, with run-
nlrig water and gas; $2 up; quiet house.
EDDY, 473—2 bright sunny rooms; neat and
clean: $5 and $7 per montti.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-.
er and better than any house in the city.
ELL] - Bf<s— Fine suite of rooms newly fur-'
nislied, $20; also 2 rooms and bath, $20.
GEARY, 656. near Taylor — Handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor: piano; phone; other
rooms; privilege light .housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 807— Sunny front room
with kitchen connected; newly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Sunny front room,
_$«: bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and !
6lngle; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. m Mission— Select family
rooming house ; {1 JO to fit per w««k. J
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
uai;kti-t. -. off Howard, near Sixth— Nl<*
sunny furnished bedroom; private family.
HOTEL Grosvenor, BU Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant tunny suites,
single rooms; moet central part city; elevator.
HOWARD and Eleventh, southwest corner-
Pleasant front room for tingle gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 1002— Furnished front bay-window
room: aliso 2 others furn. for light hkpg.
HOWARD, 1129— Front, corner, double sunny
room; also others; $1 up; clean, quiet.
JESSIE. 1314— S sunny rooms; yard; will rent
cheap to right party.
KEARNY, 209, — Newly furn. sunny rooms
from {1 50 up; also light likpK rms.; transient.
MARKET, 1007H — Nicely furnished single
rooms; lady or gent; quiet house; .transient.
McALLISTER, 601 — Nicely furnished sunny
front room; private family; reasonable,
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, Ji per week: transient.
MISSION, 14258 — Unfurnished sunny back
room ; $4.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis nt.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week VI to $8: month. $8 to 130; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SECOND, 52A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SKVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 113— Nicely furnished sunny front
room: German people. /
THIRD, 25, nr. Market — Sunniest rooms in San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TAiT.oK to work Inside. 927 Market st. r. 623.
BOAKOIKG AM) ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA^ 1711. near'van^les's^Pleasant
tunny room; private family; references.
ELLIS, 518 Sunny room, with good board; use
of parlor and piano; $20.
FIRST, 415— Swedish prjvate boarding, with
room. .1 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
NICELY furnished rooms suitable for man and
wife or two gentlemen. 210 Grove St., near
Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, |2.i; double, $20.
OFARRELL. 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POWELL. SO3 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front <=uite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'L
BUTTER. 112K— Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARDT'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. (3 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WKSTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and- Ice
cream parlor. 1033 Market popular rices.
CUILDUE. HOARDED.
GOOD home for small child; good care. Box
7431. Call office. Oakland.
GOOD home for little girl; best of care. }:>; pri-
vate family. £34*4 Valencia Ft., Dear 20th.
GOOD home for children, $8: infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth St.
STORES TO L.JdiT.
FINE store; counter; shelves; 3 living rooms;
yard: rent HO. 1922 Howard St., near l<!th.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
\\ Ald.i.lUS! S TO II I.
BRICK warehouses to let; near Santa Fe rail-
road yard; complete for storage or factory;
226 Main st. an.i 225 Fremont st. ; also ware-
house, Battery St., between Jackson and Pa-
cific. For rents and particulars apply COF- 1
FEY. HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
1 I
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels' bid* , 927 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they re filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $3. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and Ftrong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and brldgework; teeth
without plat our specialty: flexible plates
from io; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
palnie^s and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth ft.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, SOft Mar-
ket st., cor. 4lh. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
liave your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free. J4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to in p. m. : Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager. j
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrcll St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hi« wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed ?2 years.
TKETII without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth, Jo; crowns, 13; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A Ft'LL pet of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
si>ee!alty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, MO Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
LOWEST price? in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. X. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl ; •■' year.
ATTOnXEVS A) LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. B. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. i-27 Market st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 2.'. Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tela. etc Harper & Krelger.3l2 Kxamlner big.
LEGAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is !
hereby given that on the 17th d»ty of April i
lt>o9, the Rakerpneld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed' lts application in writing,
ii; the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the BakersflelVl and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that nt a meeting of
the stockholders of Bald company on th* 13th
day of April. IS>99, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature anil descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition I
and application that the undersigned, as '
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In ■ me newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-live days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here- !
by notified to file In my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1559, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
68 In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand nnd the official peal of said court this
the 17th day of April, 1K99.
fSeal) WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Officlo Clerk of the
• Superior Court. E. M. THOMPSON.
By K. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Officio Deputy '
Clerk of the Superior Court. ■
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,"
April 14 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1698 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15. 1890,
also In accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. B. Spear
& Co at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Butter
et on MONDAY. May 16, 1899, at 10 o'clock
a m sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force |
of San Francisco, as detailed In an inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting: of
jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc ; also a lot of trunk*. valises, clothing. |
etc.. property of deceased persons received!
from the Coroner of this city and county. ;
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
I. J. TRUMAN, City and County Treasurer. I
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE. •
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy installments.
• $100— $125— Bargains! Level lots In Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights, lots;
superb view; fine climate; $2."i down; $10
monthly.
$200 to Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— Lots ■ near Misslon-st. electric
car-:; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth aye., near H at.;
open Sundays. > '-V.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A.'- CROCKER BUILDING.
BOULEVARD, 13th a,ve. ; lots 25x120; prices,
$22.".; $10 down and $10 per month; free car-
riage to Intending buyers; branch office 622
Stanyan st., between Haight and Waller; go
out to-day. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgom-
ery st. : : V ■ .;':.■ .
$2200— NEW 6-room and bath cottage, with
all the latest improvements; lot 23x125; $100
cash, balance $25 monthly; Twentieth St.,
bet. Castro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
CASH snap— Three stores with living rooms;
on Mission St.; lot 64 ft. front; price $5500;
cash, $"500; balance can remain. ROBINSON,
224 Geary St.. room 27.
$23.000— BUSINESS property; rent $150 per
month. Box 801, Call office.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
14 block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st. -
HOUSE and lot with 2 flats; 706 Birch aye.. bet.
Webster and Buchanan; $."00 down, balance
same- as rent. Apply W. WOLF. 403 Ellis St.
COUXTK V itl.AI, * ESTATE.
HAVING to go to Europe, I will Bell my ranch
of 160 acres, rich farm land, well improved, all
fenced, plenty of good water, 5 miles from
Livermore and 14 miles from a good country
school, at a bargain for cash. Address RAS-
MUS BJORN, Livermore, Alameda Co., Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of ISS7-98 address THE
COTATI CO.: 302 California St.. S. F.
DAIRY farm on shares; cows, horses and pigs,
chickens, orchard; all utensils; good chance
for a responsible man and wife; no capital
required Apply in person to R. E. ROW-
LAND, Orinda Park, back of Berkeley.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonw Shasta County. Cai.
ICO-ACRE homestead near city; plenty water
and wood: cheap. Box A S, Call.
MOXEY TO LOAN. '
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de- |
elre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bids. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no , delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate, 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bide 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save In-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.'
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ; I
any proposition. Dryd»n. 413 Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$25 CASH. $5 : buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new
fencing and shade trees; price $300 in all;
fine soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays ;
in tropical Fruitvale •Valley; settling up rap- I
idly: streets all graded; main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call or send for circular, 4.'5 Seventh
St., near Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES Owner
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEIIA REAL ESTATE.
$1000 — LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 'Mxl'iO; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$26»0 — Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; l block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
— Lot 43x135; fin.- new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms nnd bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
142." Park St., Alameda.
AI'AMKDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. >■ UNKE. 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
HILLEOASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County,
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
l'UUi'U»Aii9.
PROPOSALS
For Subsistence of Prisoners.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD
of the Supervisors of the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, April 18, 1899.
In accordance^ with Resolution No. 2829
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
April 24, 1599, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
furnishing daily and monthly supplies for
city and county prisoners (the number be-
ing about five hundred) from July 1, 1899,
to June 30, 1900, at a fixed price per day
(not exceeding in the aggregate twenty-
five cents per day for each person con-
nected with the City and County Prisons)
said subsistence and supplies to be de-
livered at the County Jails,. Nos. 1, 2 and
3, and at the City Prison, respectively, as
per following schedules:
The following supplies to be delivered at
the County Jails Nos. 1 and 3 as classi-
fied: Class No. 1, daily supplies; class No.
2, monthly supplies to be delivered as or-
dered. The supplies are on the basis of
each one hundred inmates, the quantity
to be furnished to be on that basis and in
proportion to each fraction thereof, more
or less, according to the number of in-
mates.
COUNTY JAILS NOS. 1 AND 3.
CLASS I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportion to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight Inches from the hock
joint; chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six. inches of the neck not to be in-
' eluded, eight (8) ounces.
BEST. AMERICAN MEAT— cuts as or-
dered, for each 100 Inmates dally, twen-
ty (20) pounds.
MUTTON— First quality, for each Inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses. Eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— For each Inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
MILK Fresh, for each 100 inmates daily
three (3) gallons.
POTATOES (best quality)— For each in-
mate daily one (1) pound.
VEGETABLES— For each Inmate daily
four (4) ounces. ,
CLASS 2-MONTH LV SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED. AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
BEEF— Corned, fifty (50) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, \sveighlng not leas
than six pounds per pair, ; eight (S) pair.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
BUCKETS— Galvanized iron, with covers.
No. 26. six (6).
CHICKORY— Twenty-live (25) pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, two hun-
dred (200) pounds. .
CORNMEAL— Three hundred and fifty
(350) pounds.
CUPS— Tin, ten (10).
DISHES— ten (10).
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown,
twelve (12).
PEARL BARLEY— Sixty-one (61) -pounds.
SPLIT Sixty-one (61) pounds.
PORK— Mess, liny (50) pounds. .
SALT— hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— Men's as per sample, sizes as or-
dered, twelve (12) pair.
SHIRTS— BIue flannel, ten (10).,
SHIRTS Calico, twenty (20).
SOAP — California, one hundred and fifty-
tWO (152) pounds.
SPOONS— twelve (12).
SUGAR— C, one hundred and fifty
(150) pounds.
California Refinery, thirty-three
(33) gallons.
TICKING -A 44. twenty (20) yards.
Huckabuck, twenty (20).
WHEAT— Crush, one hundred and nine
(109) pounds.
BACON— Breakfast, fifteen (15) pounds.
BAKING POWDER— Pioneer, Golden
Gate, Crown or Trophy, as may be spe-
cified, five (5) pounds.
BATH BRICK— (1).
BLUE— Washing, in balls, one (1) pound.
BROOMS Corn, best mill, twelve (12).
BRUSHES paint, one (1).
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, six (6).
BRUSHES— Adams', whitewash two (2).
BUCKETS four (4).
BUTTER Fresh, fifty (50) pounds.
CALICO— Forty (40) yards. , >
CATSUP— Tomato, pints, California, five
(5) bottles. .
CHEESE— California, six (6) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LlME— Fifty (50) pounds.
CHOW CHOW— California, pints, three
(3) bottles.
COAL— Wellington (Dunsmuir), 2240
pounds to the ton. well screened and
free from slacK and shale, five (5) tons.
COAL OIL— ISO degree test, thirty (30) gal-
lons.
COMBS— Coarse army, six (6).
CORNSTARCH— Six (6) pounds.
COTToN CLOTH— Standard Chabot A.,
unbleached, one yard wide, twenty-five
(25) yards.
CRACKERS— Soda, fresh California, ten
(10) pounds.
EGGS— Fresh, California, thirty (30) doz-
EXTRACTS — Assorted, 4-oz. bottles,
twelve (12) bottles. '■• : 'Cr
FlSH— Fresh, as may be ordered, one
hundred and eight (108) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300)
pounds.
FRUlT— Fresh, as obtainable in season,
seventy-five (76) pounds. - ;
FRUIT— canned, in 2%-lb tins, as-
sorted, twenty-four (24) tins.
GLUE— Five (5) pounds.
-Sugar cured, twenty (20) pounds.
INSECT POWDER— One (1) pound.
JELLY— Assorted, in 2-lb cans, six (6)
LARD*— California, best leaf, thirty (30)
pounds.
LAMP CHIMNEYS— Assorted, three (3).
LAMP WlCKS— Assorted, six (6).
LEAD— Pioneer,, ground in oil,
fifty (50) pounds.
LIME Santa Cruz, No. 1, two (2) barrels.
MACARONI— No. 2, loose, ten (10) pounds.
MACKEREL- Mess No. 1, one (1) kit.
MATCHES — California, one-half (^)
gross.
MATTRESSES— (30), weighing 25
pounds, with AAA ticking.
MUSTARD— Ground, two and one-half
(2%) pounds.
OlL— Linseed, boiled, two and one-half
(2V£) gallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, ten (10) pounds.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best quality), five (5>
pounds. • .'-■'■
RICE— No. 2, China mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SAGO — (5) pounds.
SAL SODA— (CO) pounds.
SARDINES— Quarter boxes, imported,
twenty (20) boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
Lea and Perrins' (pints), three (3) bot-
tles.
SHOES— Women's, as per sample, sizes
as ordered, s'~ <(">) pairs.
SOAP— White Castile (Imported), five (5)
pounds.
STARCH — Laundry, two and one-half
(2%) pounds.
Granulated, ninety (90) pounds.
TAPERS— six (6) boxes.
Japan, Diamond (L) or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— spools, twenty-four (24)
spools.
TOBACCO— PIum cut, five (5) pounds.
TOMATOES— California, -lt> cans, six
(6) cans.
TURPENTINE— Two and one-half (2%)
gallons. .
VARNISH— BIack, five (5) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Five (5) pounds.
VINEGAR— degrees strength, three
(3) gallons.
WOOD— Pine, one-half CW) cord.
COUNTY JAIL NO. 2.
The following supplies, to be delivered
at County Jail No. 2 as classified— Class
No. 1, Daily Supplies; Class No. 2, Month-
ly Supplies— be delivered as ordered.
The supplies are on the basis of each one
hundred inmates; the quantity to be fur-
nished to be on that basis ano in propor-
tion, to each fraction thereof, more or
less, according to the number of inmates: j
CLASS NO. 1-DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
joint. Chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be
Included. Eight (S) ounces.
BEST AMERICAN BEEF, MUTTON,
VEAL and PORK, in cuts as ordered,
for each 100 inmates daily, twenty (20)
pounds.
MUTTON— quality, for each Inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses, eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces. ■ :V.
POTATOES— Burbank or Garnet
Chiles, for each inmate daily, one (1)
pound.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily,
four (4) ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, sevfc.u hundred and sixty
(760) pounds.
BEEF— Corned, forty (*0) pounds, v
BLANKETS— Gray, weiring not less
than six pounds per pair, eight (8) pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized Iron, with covers,
No. 25, six (6).
CHICORY— (iis) pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala," two hun-
dred (200) pounds.
CORNMEAL— Two hundred and seventy-
four (274) pounds.
CUPS— twelve (12).
DISHES— Tin, twelve (12).
MODE DUCK— No. 10, twenty (20) yards.!
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown, 9-oz.
Amoskeag blue denim and No. 12 mode
duck, twenty (20) pairs.
OATMEAL— One hundred and ten (110)
pounds.
ONIONS— hundred (100) pounds.
PRISON FLANNEL— overshirts,
thirty (30) yards.
PRISON CLOTH— For pants, thirty (30)
yards.
PEARL BARLEY— Seventy (701 pounds.
SPLIT PEAS-Seventy (70) pounds.
PORK— sixty (CO) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 China, mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds. ,
IRlS— Blue flannel, eighteen (18).
SALT— Two hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— Men's as per sample, sizes as
ordered, twenty-eight (28) pairs, at $18
per dozen. ' >'•.<* ..
SOAP— California, one hundred and sixty-
five (165) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, two hundred and thir-
teen (213) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, sixty-five
(65) gallons. #
TICKING— AAA, sixty (60) yards.
TOWELS— Huckabuck, thirty (30).
WHEAT— Crush, two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds. ■;---^
AXLE GREASE— (2) pounds.'
BACON— Breakfast (best quality), twenty
(20) pounds. .
BAKING POWDER— Five (5) pounds
BATH BRICK-Two (2).
BLUE— Washing, in balls, two (t) pounds.
BROOMS— Corn, best mill, No. 12, twenty-
four (24). -;:,-..
BROOMS— Rattan, two (2).
BRUSHES— Horse, two (2).
BRUSHES Adams', paint, two (2)
BRUSHES-Scrubbing, six (6).
BRUSHES— whitewash, six (6).
BUCKETS— Wooden, four (4.)
BUCKLES— Pants, metal, one (1) dozen,
BUTTER— Fresh California, fifty (50) j
pounds.
BUTTONS— Pants, metal, five (5) dozen.
BUTTONS— Shirt, metal, five (5) dozen
CANDLES— Adamantine, five (5) pounds
CATSUP— Tomato, California, pints, six
(6) bottles. '
CHAMOIS SKIN-Two (2). '
CHARCOAL— Twenty-five (25) pounds. •
CHEESE— California, fifteen, (15) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LIME— (5) pounds.
CHOW CHOW— California, pints, six (6)
bottles.
COAL— Cumberland, one hundred and <
fifty (150) pounds. . •. • .
COAL— Wellington i . (Dunsmuir), - • 2240
pounds to the ton, well, screened and
free from slack and shale, five (5) tons.
PROPOSALS— Continued. '
COAL OlL— Golden Star, Pearl, Star
Light, 150 degreu test, ono hundred (100.)
gallons.
CORNSTARCH— Six (6) pounds.
CRACKERS— Soda, fresh California, ten
(10) pounds.
CURRY COMB— (1).
EGGS— Fresh, California, twenty-five (25)
dozen best.
EXTRACTS— Assorted. XXX, 4-oz. bot-
tles, six (6) bottles. •
FEATHER DUSTER— One (1).
FlSH— Fresh, eighty-seven (87) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300)
pounds.
FRUIT— In season, one hundred
(100) pounds.
FRUlT— Canned, table. in 2'2-rb tins, as-
sorted, thirty (30) cans, best.
GLUE— Two (2) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, California, twenty
(20) pounds.
HOSE— Garden (best grade), one inch,
three ply, fifteen (15) feet.
INSECT POWDER— One (1) pound.
JELLY— Assorted, 2-lb cans, nine (9) cans,
best.
LARD— California, twenty-five (25)
pounds.
LAMP CHIMNEYS — Assorted, two (2)
dozen.
LAMP WlCKS— Assorted, two (2) dozen.
LEAD— White, Pioneer, ground in oil,
seventy-five (75) pounds.
LlME— Three (3) barrels.
MACARONI— No. 2. five (5) pounds.
MACKEREL— Mess, one (1) kit. No. 1.
MATCHES — California, one-half (»£)
gross.
MUSTARD— California, ground, two (2)
pounds.
OlL— Linseed, boiled, five (5) gallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, five (5) pounds.
PlCKLES— California, five (5) gallons.
RAISINS'— Pressed (best), five (5) pounds.
SAGO- Ten (10) pounds.
SAL SODA— Seventy-five (75) pounds.
SARDINES half boxes, twen-
ty-four (24) boxes. .
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
pints, two (2) bottles, Lea & Perrins.
SOAP— White Castile (imported), ten (10)
pounds.
SPONGES— (2).
STARCH— Laundry, ten (10) pounds.
SUGAR— Granulated, one hundred (100)
pounds. ' •"'—
SULPHUR— Five (5) pounds.
WAX TAPERS— (8) boxes.
TEA— Japan, Diamond (L), or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— In spools, forty-eight (4S)
spools.
TOBACCO— PIum, smoking, twenty (20)
pounds.
TOMATOES— California, • 2%-lb cans,
twelve < 12) cans.
TURPENTINE— Five (5) gallons.
TWINE Cotton, three (3) pounds.
TWINE— Hemp, three (3) pounds.
VARNISH— BIack, fifteen (15) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Four (4) pounds.
VINEGAR— 3O degrees strength,, two (2)
gallons.
WAX— Laundry, eight (S) ounces.
WOOD— Pine, three-fourths (%) cord.
CITY PRISON.
The following supplies to be delivered at
the City Prison as classified— No. 1,
Daily Supplies; Class No. 2. Monthly
Supplies, to be delivered as ordered. The
supplies are on the basis of each one hun-
dred inmates, the quantity furnished to
be on that basis, and in proportion to each
fraction thereof, more or less, according
to the number of Inmates:
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate six days In each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches- from the hock
joint, chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be' in-
cluded, eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
MILK— for each 100 inmates dally,
one (1) quart.
POTATOES— each inmate daily, one
(1) pound.
VEGETABLES— each inmate daily,
four (4) ounces. -»
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, one hundred (100) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, six (6) pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized iron, three (3).
CHICORY — California, twenty (20)
pounds.
COFFEE— Guatemala, one hun-
dred and twenty-five (126) pounds.
CORNMEAL— One hundred and fifty (150)
pounds.
CUPS— Tin, twenty-four (24).
DISHES-Tin, twelve (12).
FLOUR— One (1) sack.
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown, 10
ounces, three (3) pair.
PORK— Mess, thirty (30) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 mixed, fifty (50) pounds.
SALT— One hundred (100). pounds.
SHOES— Men's, four t.4) pair.
SHIRTS— WooIen, blue, six (6).
SOAP- Seventy-five (75) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, one hundred and
twenty-five (125) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, ten (10)
gallons.
TOWELS— Huckaback, twelve (12).
BROOMS— Corn, best mill. No. 12, twenty-
four (24).
BRUSHES— sweeping, one (1).
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, three (3).
BRUSHES— one (1).
BRUSHES— Paint, one (1).
BROOMS— Rattan, two (2).
CANDLES— Adamantine, two (2) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LIME— Two hundred
(200) pounds.
CHAMOIS SKIN-One (1).
DUST PANS— Tin. two (2).
FEATHER DUSTERS— Two (2).
LEAD— AVhite, Phoenix, fifty (50) pounds.
LIME— One (1) barrel.
MATTRESSES-Five (5).
MOP HANDLES-Three (3).
MOPS-Thn •
MATCHES — California, one-half ('4)
gross.
OIL — Linseed, boiled, one (1) gallon.
PEPPER — Black, ground, five (5)
pounds.
QUILTS— (6).
SAL SODA— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SULPHUR— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SOAP— Castile, California, ten (10)
pounds. ■ I
SPONGES-Four (4).
SAWDUST— (4) sacks.
SAND— two (2) sacks.
Japan, equal to Diamond (L). ten
(10) pounds.
TURPENTINE-Three (3) gallons.
VARNISH— BIack, one (1) gallon.
VINEGAR— 3O degrees strength, one (1)
gallon.
Samples of a major portion of the above
articles are on file and open for inspection
in the Mayor's office. City Hall. All of
the other supplies not on file, the charac-
ter of which is not specified, must be- of
the best quality.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate and bid
a price for each Inmate per day (not to
exceed twenty-five cents in the aggre-
gate)— the word "inmate" as used in-
cludes all employes of and in the insti-
tution named, as well as all prisoners—
with the distinct understanding that such
price will bind the bidder to furnish all
the articles and supplies specified in the
foregoing schedule, of the -kind and qual-
ity as shown by said samples, and deliver
the same at all places in the city and
county wherein prisoners are confined, as
required, without extra charge from the
price bid, and that in no event will the
city and county be liable for any rations
furnished in excess of the total number of
Inmates. Also, that the quality of the ar-
ticles and supplies called for, when not
designated to be of the best quality, and
all supplies furnished the County Jails,
Nos. 1, 2 and 3, or City Prison, to be sub-
ject to the approval of the Sheriff or
Chief of Police, respectively, whose de-
cision shall be final and conclusive as to
the reception . or rejection of any or all
of the supplies offered; and said Sheriff or
Chief of Police, by and with the consent
of the Chairman of the Committee on
Health and Police, shall have the power
to purchase any or all of the supplies' or
articles required iat the market rate, if
not furnished of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, at the expense of the
party to whom the contract may bo
awarded, if the said party fails to fur-
nish the quantity or quality of the sup-
plies or articles designated which under
the contract he may be required to fur-
nish.
Also, bidders will estimate under the ex-
press understanding and agreement that
under no consideration will the Board
recognize or allow any assignment of any
contract, or allow the supplies included
in any contract to be furnished from or
by any other person than the person to
whom the contract is awarded, either un-
der an assignment or other instrument,
unless the consent of the Board of Super-
visors is first obtained, through a Resolu-
tion, duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting and
agreeing to the same.
Further, if the number of inmates shall
be less during the continuance of' said
contract than the number herein esti-
mated, the price, bid and the actual num-
ber of Inmates shall be the only basis on
which demands shall be presented, allow-
ed or paid, the value of all supplils not
furnished to be deducted at the market
rates from any amount due the contrac-
tor at such time as the Committee ■on
Health and Police may determine.
All the articles of food must be of
sound and. wholesome quality, and sub-
ject to the Inspection and approval of the
Mayor, Board- of Health, Physician of
the City and County Jail and the Com-
■•. - —
PROPOSALS— Continued.
mlttee on Health and Police of the Board
of. Supervisors, and all of said supplies
rt> be Inspected and weighed at such
times and places as may be required by
the Committee on Health and Police.
The party to whom the contract is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm
or corporation so furnishing the same at
one" of the public -food stations estab-
lished by the Board of Health of this
city next to the Municipal Institution to
be furnished with such food supplies and
the character and quantity and quality
of such food supplies shall be then and
there first inspected and said Board of
Health shall make report of such inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Super-
visors.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said con-
tract, to pay the cost of advertising this
notice In three daily newspapers, and to
also pay the cost of the publication in
the official newspaper of the Resolution
awarding him the contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board of Su-
pervisors has resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms prepared
by the committee, and a certified check
on some bank in the City and County of
San Francisco- for the sum of two thou-
sand C 52003.00) dollars, in favor of and
made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, must be deposited by the
bidder with his bid, conditioned, if the
proposal is accepted, and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fall or
neglect to execute 'the contract, pay the
printing charges and give the bond re-
quired within six days after the award
is made, then and in that case the said
sum shall be paid into the City and Coun-
ty Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
To Furnish Forage, Etc., for Public In-
stitutions.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 18, 1899.
• In accordance with resolution No. 2632
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Super-
visors. SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON
April 24, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
furnishing forage for horses of the Fire
Department; also for the City and County
Hospital, Almshouse, County Jails Nos
1. 2 and 3. Police Patrol, and all other
public institutions, from July 1, 1809 to
June 30, 1900, the estimated yearly sup-
plies required being as follows:
HAY— IOO tons, wheaten and oaten
mixed, first quality.
HAY— tons, wheat, first quality.
HAY— tons, oat, first quality.
HAY— IOO tons, alfalfa, first quality.
HAY, TUI.E— 3SO bales, first quality.
All hay to be clear of rust and mildew
and to be delivered in rope-bound bales.
STRAW, CHEVALIER BARLEI
bales.
OATS— 7SO,OOO pounds, well assorted, first
quality.
(All oats must be of the best quality of
! white oats, heavy, sound, dry, well-filled,
| and free from dirt, chaff and other im-
i purities, and must weigh not less than
41% pounds to the bushel.)
BRAN— pounds, clean and sweet,
first quality.
MIDDLINGS— 7O,OOO pounds, first quality.
GROUND BARLEY— pounds, first
quality.
CARROTS— BO,OOO pounds, first quality.
The above-described supplies for the
Fire Department are to be delivered at
the different Engine and Hook and Lad-
der Companies' houses, as required, and
for the Police Patrol at the different
houses, as designated, from time to time;
further, the supplies for the other public
institutions named are to be delivered at
the place of business of the person or
persons to whom the contract may be
awarded, in more or less quantities than
designated, without extra charge from
the price bid, and at such times and in
such quantities as required, Upon requi-
sitions (approved respectively by the
Chairmen of the several Committees on
Fire Department and Hospital and Health
and Police) of the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department, the Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate for
any or all of the forage supplies enum-
erated, with the distinct understanding
that the term more or less is not limited
to the amount designated, but is for such
an amount as may lie required during the
year, and that the Board reserves the
right, as it is its intention, to award the
same separately to the lowest bidder, and
that In every' instance no bid, except
from a merchant who is a dealer in the
supplies and who carries a stock of and
sells said supplies as enumerated as a
part of his regular and usual business,
will be received. Also, bidders will esti-
mate under the express understanding
and agreement that under no considera-
tion will the Board recognize or allow
any assignment of any contract, or allow
the supplies included in any contract, to
be furnished from or by any other per-
son than the person to whom the contract
is awarded, either under an assignment
or other instrument, unless the consent
of the Board is first obtained through a
Resolution duly passed by said Board
and approved fay the Mayor, consenting
and agreeing to the same. Also, that the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
the Superintendent Physician of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse and the Sheriff, by and
with the consent of either of the respec-
tive Committees on Fire Department,
Hospital or Health and Police, shall have
power to purchase any or all of the sup-
plies required at the market rates, at
the expense of the party to whom any
contract may be awarded to furnish the
same, if upon the requisition of the offi-
cers named the party fails to furnish
the quantity or quality of the supplies
designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish.
All supplies furnished the several de-
partments to be subject respectively, to
the approval of the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department, Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police, whose decision shall be
final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all the supplies
offered, and in all cases supplies must be
inspected and weighed at such times and
places as may be designated by the re-
spective Committees. The party taking
a contract will be required to give a
bond, with two sureties thereon, in an
amount satisfactory to and fixed by the
Committees on Fire Department, Hospi-
tal and Health and Police, for its faithful
performance. Proposals to be indorsed
Forage for Public Institutions."
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may be awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contracts, to pay the
] cost of advertising this notice in three
| daily newspapers, and each successful
bidder to also pay the cost of the pub-
lication in the official newspaper of the
Resolution awarding him his contract.
Each article awarded to be charged with
one-eleventh portion of the entire cost.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
| facilitate the award, the Board has re-
solved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the Com-
! mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San
Francisco, for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, in favor of and made paya-
ble to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, must be deposited by the bidder,
with his bid, conditioned if the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to
! pay the printing charges, execute the
I contract and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk, as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
! PROPOSALS for drayage— General depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., April 19, 1899.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. for the fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1599. will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on Saturday, the 20th
day 'of May, 1899, and then opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary Information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil — 36 New Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco, Cal., April IS, 1899.
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard
time). May 20, 1899, for furnishing and storing
here 100.000 gallons Mineral Oil. 135 degrees
flash test. In cases 'if two five-gallon cans
each. The United States reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information furnished on appli-
: cation. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Mineral
on." and addressed OSCAR F. LONG. Assist-
ant Quartermaster United States Army, Depot
Quartenn«t*r.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Joseph P. Paganetto and Angelina Ferrea.2B-21
Charles F. Hutchiuson and Eona. O'Brien. 3!i-25
E. G. F. Kuhlo and Lizzie A. Keitzmann. 2l-20
Joseph E. Martin s(nd May K. LorenZ.. 23-21
George J. Wadsworth and Birdina C00k...2. r i-25
Edmund- J. Bamberge.r and Dollye Lederer. 2s-20
Johan F. Petersen and Christine Peterson. 2B-28
Jeremiah Roach and Jennie Dailey ."!:>-22
Joseph Goetz and Bert) Craig 24-24
Edward C. McClell.in and Eleanor A. Reed.4l-39
EIRTHS—MAEEIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORisr.
ROHM— In this city. April 19, 1899 to the wife
of A. C. Bohm, a son.
HERFORTH— In this city. April 19. 1599, to the
, wife of Hermann Herforth. a daughter.
JUDAH— In this city. April 19, 1599, to the
wife of Floyd S. Judah, a. son. ,
! MUELLER— In this city, April 17, 1899, to the
•■ -■• of Rudolph Mueller, a son. '
MARRIED.
McCLELLAN-REED— In this city, April 19,
1S9!I. by the Rev. A. J. Wells. Edward C.
McClellan of Elko. Nev., and Mrs. Eleanor A.
Reed of San Francisco.
McINTOSH— COOK— In this city, April 19, IS;'9,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Ed-
ward F. Mclntosh and Clara M. Cook, both
of San Francisco.
DIED.
Adamson, Mrs. M. Lambert. Rachel H.
Bernard. Dr. Herbert McCurdy, Andrew C.
Uethell, Margaret Markley, Jennie T.
Breslin, Dennis O'Rourke, Thomas
Bengtson, Josephine Smith, Honora
Desmond, J. J. Soule, Mrs. M M.
Dlmond, Cornelia S. Thorson. Cecelia P.
Farr, Annie M. Welch, Maggie
Flynn, Ellen Williams, Harold J.
Kilkenny, Francis ■ Williams. Mary J.
ADAMSON— In this city. April 19. 1899, Mrs.
Margaret, widow of Captain mson, and
beloved mother of Mrs. John Dickie and Mrs.
J. Wrixl I of San Francisco, Mrs. Robert
Cleghorn and James Adamson of Vallejo,
Cal.. and Robert Adamson of Tayport, Scot-
land, a native of Scotland, aged 79 years and
11 months.
(T^Frk-nils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 261! Octavia street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BERNARD— In this city, April IS. ' 1539, Dr.
Herbert A., only son of P. and Frances C.
Bernard, a native of San Francisco, In his
25th year.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his Barents, 1513 Hyde street, In-
terment strictly private.
BETHELL— In this city, April 19, 18M. Mar-
garet, . beloved wife of Thomas '•■'.' Bethsll,
mother of James M. and Daisy BiHhell,
daughter of Mrs. Sarah J. Jam I - aiul sis-
ter of Mrs. James Marshall of Santa Rosa, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 49
years 4 months and 17 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, CO3 Fell street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BRESLIN— In this city, Api 19. l"*0, Dennis,
beloved husband of the late Rose Breslin,
aged 79 years.
ICTNotiee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Paciiic Undertakers, 777
Mi c 5
BENGTSON— In this city, April 18, 1599, Jose-
phine A., beloved wife of Sven Bengtson. and
mother of Selma Bengtson, a native of Swe-
den. aged 27 years 1 month and 10 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the j>arlnrs of
Theo. Dierks, 967 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DESMOND— In this city, April 19, 1898, J. J.,
beloved husband of Mrs. M. E. Desmond, and
j father of Henry, William and Paul Desmond,
I a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of his sister, Mrs. Frank
Lawler, 814 Oak street.
DIM( 'XI i in this city. April 19, 1809. Cornelia
Sargent, beloved mother of Henry P. Dl-
mond. a native of Philadelphia.' aged 77 years
and 6 months.
(C?" Funeral services will be hold to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the residence of her
son, Henry P. Dlmond, 411 Clay tun street.
Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FARR— In this city. April 19; ISM, Annie M.,
beloved wife 'of Clarence C. Farr, mother of
Lottie O. and Clarence C. Farr Jr.. and sis-
ter of Mrs. J. F. French and William and
Alfred Miller, a native of England, ased 4T,
years and 19 days. (British Columbia and
Maine papers please copy.) gH"j|j
r Fri<-n<i.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invite to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 909^2 Dolores street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. MWM
FLYNN— this city, April 17, 1899, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Michael Flynn. and mother of
John T., Luke J. and Elite Flynn, Mrs. Peter
V. Kearns and Sfst»r Mary Eva of the Con-
gregation of the Sacred Heart, a native of
Ireland, aged 65 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 189 Hickory avenue, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount- Calvary Cemetery.
KILKENNY— In this city. April 19, 1899, at his
residence, 973 Howard street, Francis, beloved
husband of Susan Kilkenny, father of Jameg
William and Susie Frances Kilkenny, brother
of Patrick Kilkenny, Mrs. McAvoy and Mrs.
Doren. and brother-in-law of Patrick Reilly,
a native of parish Augbarauss, County Lei-
trim. Ireland.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LAMBERT— In this city, April 19. 1899, Rachel
11.. wife of the late John S. Lambert, and
mother of Mrs. R. H. Plumi Gilman Lam-
mert and Mrs. R. L. Rlcdon, a native of
Trumbull, Conn., aged 74 years 4 months and
6 days.
McCURDT— In Alameda, April 13, 1899, Andrew
C, beloved husband of Sarah McCurdy, and
father of Mrs. Julia Agnes Sprague and
Harry S., Alice Mac and Carl ton A. Me-
Cuml.v, a native of Maine, aged 56 years and
19 'days. (Seattle, Wash., and Old Town,
Me., papers please copy.)
CTFrienii-- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence, 523
Oak street, Alameda. Cremation private,
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
MARKLEY— In this city, April 19. 1899, Jen-
nie '['.. beloved wife of Charles H. Markley,
mother of Jennie, Flossie, Ellen. Harold and
Charles Markley. daughter of James and the
late Jane Featherstone, and Bister of Pete
and Thomas Featherstone, Mrs. H. Quinn,
Mrs. W. A. Van Pelt. Mrs. Florrie Barnett
and Mrs. James J. SDellman, a native of
Busquehanna, Pa., aged SO years 11 months
and 4 days.
'Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street.
O'ROURKE — In this city, April 17. 1599,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen O'Rourke,
son of John and Margaret O'Rourke, father
of Gertrude O'Rourke. and brother of John,
Patrick. James, Harry, Frederick, May and
Ellen O'Rourke, a native of County Down,
Ireland, aped 4", years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 721 Fifth avenue, thence to the
Star of the Sea Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. April IS, 1899, at her late
residence, 7'j Oak Grove avenue, Honora,
beloved wife of Thomas N. Smith, mother of
George N. and Thomas D. Smith, and sister
of Dennis and the late Thomas Sullivan, a
native of Valencia Island, County Kerry, Ire-
Ian;!, aged 70 years.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, ffom her late
residence, 7-.- Oak Grove avenue, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SOULE— In Alameda. April 18. 1899, Mrs. M.
M. Soule, widow of the late Dr. A. G. Soule,
mother of W. F. and Gertrude Soule and Mrs.
James K. Lynch, and sister of Elisha Ran-
som.
(C^Funeral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, in the Unitarian
Church of Alameda, Grand-street station,
broadgauge.
THORSON (PETERSON)— this city, Cecelia
P. Thorson. beloved daughter of Peder and
Annie Thorson, and sister of Thorwald, Bern-
hart and Bore Thorson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years 6 months and 17 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thts-day
(Thursday), at - o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1415 Sixteenth avenue. South
San Francisco. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
WELCH— In Oakland, April is, 1599, Maggie
Lorden Welch, beloved wife of Dennis Welch,
and mother of David, Fred, Katie, May, Wil-
lie and Margaret Welch, a native of Ireland,
aged 44 years 11 months and IS days.
WILLIAMS— In this city, April 19. 1899, Harold
J., beloved Eon of Charles and Mary A. Wil-
liams, and brother of Charley Williams, a
' native of San Francisco, aged- 8 months and
15 days.
WILLIAMS— In Crockett, April IS, 1599, Mary
J., wife of the late George G. Williams, and
mother of Mrs. E. Edwards and George T.
and Robert W. Williams, a native of Ireland,
aged Go years.
IE?" Services at Congregational Church. Mar-
tinez, this day (Thursday), on arrival of
. 11:45 o'clock train from Crockett. Interment
Martinez.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to . Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEML
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School
i Telephone South W.
....--. — ■■.---■■•■
1112
LIEUT, PRICE
IS REDUCED
TO A SERGEANT
Says He Will Resign
From Police.
WAS NOT ALLOWED A HEARING
CHINATOWN SQUAD WTLL BE
REMOVED FROM DISTRICT.
Commissioners Sustain Charges of
Inefficiency and Neglect of Duty
Against the Patrolmen
Composing It.
"The judgment of the board Is that for
rot maintaining the efficiency of the Po
lice Department In Chinatown it la or
dered that the squad be removed at once
and others detailed to take their places,
and that Lieutenant William Price be
rele£ra.tod to the duties of a sergeant."
The foregoing is the result of the in
quiry Instituted some weeks since by the
Board of Police Commissioners on an in
tangible charge of corruption In China
town. The action of the board was taken
on the ground that inefficiency and neg
lect of duty had been proved against
Lieutenant Price and his squad. The
charges, by implication, that some of the
Immense corruption fund raised in China
town htid been taken by the men charged
■with the suppression of gambling ar.d
other vices In the district was not
brought home to them.
The action of the Commissioners was
taken at an executive meeting held last
night. The entire proceedings were held
behind closed doors. The only witness
examined was Harry I. Fisher, a re
porter, lie wrote the original story on the
corruption fund raised by the Chinese. It
was based on rumor, and he was never
able to learn how the money was dis
tributed, ior over two hours the Com
missioners discussed the evidence sub
mitted to them. At the end of that time
they announced their lings in the case.
Commissioners Tobin, Alvord and
Gunst and Chief of Police Lees voted to
remove the squad now on duty at once.
Chief Lees alone voted against reducing
Price from a lieutenant to a sergeant.
when the matter was first broached
Commissioner Gunst moved he be dis
missed the service. Commissioner Alvord
demurred to this. Guns£ then moved
he be reduced to the ranks. This also
met with opposition from Alvord. As a
last resource Gunst moved he be reduced
to a sergeant. This motion prevailed,
Chief Le<s alone voting against it.
"The charges upon Lien our action
■was based were those of inefficiency and
neglect of duty," said Commissioner To
bin sifter the meeting. "The charges of
corruption were not sustained."
"I voted with the Commissioners on ...
removal of the squad from Chinatown
because 1 knew its usefulness had been
impaired by the newspaper stories re
garding corruption in Chinatown," said
Chief Lees after the meeting. "On the
question "f reducing Lieutenant Price to
ji sergeant I voted no on the dictates of
my conscience. I believe the Commts-
Bioners voted as they did conscientiously.
1 did not think there h.id been neglect of
duty on the part of Price. 1 will appoint
the now squad as soon as poi-'siblf-. I
have given its make-up some consielera
tion, but have not fully determined who
shall compose It."
Lieutenant Price and the men under
him requested the privilege of appearing
before the board aqti presenting their de
fense. This was not accorded them, nor
were they permitted representation at the
ine°tii!ss of the commission when evidence
was being received. Price was at police
headquarters during the session of the
board last night. After the meeting ha
Baid: "I will present my resignation at
once. They may have my star, as 1 have
no desire to be connected with the depart
ment any longer. 1 blame Commissioner
Gunst for all this, as I believe he was
the moving spirit in the matter. I was
not allowed the hearing which is accorded
ail persons under trial."
In Chinatown the news Fpread like wild
f.re and on every corner excited groups
assembled to discuss the situation, Cour
iers sped from club to club and explained !
the situation to the managers. Many of
the clul>m<-n belong to what may be
termed the better class of Chinese— that
is. the men who fear the highbinders and
eTesiro police protection. These received
thi- news with every outward manifesta
tion of porrnv.
One and ati laid the whole trouble at !
the doors of the highbinders. It is stated !
that since Price and his squad
have beer, in Chinatown the highbinders I
have made little or no trouble. New all
fear that the old highbinder system of '
blackmailing will be renewed. One of
them. !n explaining the situation, says:
"It dors no: count how much a man
knows about methods of highbinder?; it is i
what information h<? can get. Lieutenant
Prico had 'stool pigeons' In every soci
ety meeting ;>nd always knew just what to |
do. Now ho is gone and th^ highbinders
Will bo happy. A great many of them
have loft the city, but they will be back
in a short time and we will have he old
trouble over again. If a minder is com
mitted tho white men should not now
Warn* the Chinese— they should blame
themselves, for they have taken aw.-.y the
only man who can keep the bad element
in check."
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISK? la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal us» beraupo It la pure.
AGAINST THE PESTHOUSE.
Mission Improvement Club Enters
Its Protest Against the Building.
At a meeting ■•■' the Mission Improve
ment Chih. held at erbund Hall last
night, strong opposition was manifested
against the~erectioh of the Pesthouse now
about to bo built on the old site at Twen
ty-sixth and Army streets. The principal
speakers of the evening who opposed the
construction wore: Senator L. J. Dwyer
Assemblyman Kugene Sullivan J. D*
bohulkcn and John. Bardunn. Each
claim. -d tii.'it the Supervisors had broken
faith with the resiofnts of the East Mis
sion district in rebuilding the objection
able structure. Added to this it was
claimed that the bids for the erection of
the Pesthouse were illegal, and as such
should not lie accepted.
v Tli* secretary was Instructed to forward
a copy of the protest to the Board of
bupt-rvipors. Full power was delegate,
to the executive committee to convene a
public mass-meeting of property owners.
Nt which the voice of those interested
may be in opposition to the Pest
house neing i Unued In their midst
Jne club by a vote decided to affiliate
with the Mission Federation of Improve?
Hert^i I '!^'.,™" foliowi "S delegates were
\vm tlle T^ rganlzation: John Bar
dunn, \\l)l:am Watson and P. Harrington
Large Judgment by Default.
Judgment by default was ordered by
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday in the case of the London and San
FranciscoJ Bank (Limited) against the
Capitol Packing Company for ■ $89 879 70
being the amount of the principal and in
•■■ for JT^OOO.
ihe suit has been pending for many
Amnteur Boxing Night.
Uhletic Club
augural entertainment on
eatutt win be a
i Jimmy Anthony and
Flor De Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana elgnr on the mar
ket. Firxt class stores have them on sale
If your <!.:i>r does not carry them, send
.ree dollars for a box of twenty-five
■ie Hevneman Delielosas, expressage
aid. State color wanted. Money re
funded to you If ciffara not satisfactory
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 110 Pine
street, sole agents. •
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
OF HONOR'S OFFICERS
JAMES P. DOCKERY, Elected Su
preme Representative.
TITK important business at yesterday's session of the Grand 'Lodge of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor was the election of grand officers for the
ensuing term. There was pome contest for some of the offices, candidates
having been presented at the eleventh hour. The following were chosen:
Z. T. Whitten of Ban Francisco, grand protector; A. H. Anderson of Sacra
mento, vice protector; Mrs. Emma O'Donneil of San Francisco, treasurer;
\Y. Qu tzow of Ban Francisco, secretary; Mrs. B. Oppenhelmer of
lain; Mrs K. .T. Colombet of San Jose, guide; Mrs. A.
-in Francisco, Bentinel; Mrs. Kll.-n Fitzgerald of San Francisco,
• Inette Graff, Mrs. Predericka Webber and Mrs. L,illie
Mrs. Lizzie .1. Wheelock, the grand protector, in
recognition of her untiring zea! and work for the order during the past roar,
was complti '"■>' being unanimously elected supreme representative for
four years, and James P. Porkory, the indefatigable Milk Inspector of this
city, who is as gnod a fraternal man as ))<=■ is an efficient official, was elected
supreme representative for the two-year term. H. K. Cummings and Mrs.
Belle W. Conrad wore elected alternates.
The name San Francisco was stricken from the constitution, so that here
after the Grand Lodge may meet wherever it desires.
During the afternoon Mr?. Wheelock was, by Mrs. M. K. Oummings on he
half of the Grand Lodge, preppnt.d, as a token of appreciation of her work, a
beautiful gold watch and chain.
The Grand Lodge will close its business at a session to be held to-day.
GETTING READY FOR
THE MAY DOG SHOW
ENTRIES ARE POURING IN TO
THE SECRETARY.
The Champion St. Bernard Le Prince
Jr. Will Be Among the Aristo
cratic Canines on Ex
hibition.
The Pan Francisco Kennel Club is mak
ing very elaborate preparations for its
inaugural bench show, which will be held
In Mechanics' Pavilion in May. Entries
for the show are coming in to the -
tary at 23S Montgomery street so fast that
on closing night all records, so far as
Pan Francisco is concerned, are expected
to be lowered.
The owners of Pt. Bernards, mastiffs,
collies, fox terriers nnd greyhounds are
taking deep interest in the success of the
show, which at this early date augurs a
grent success. The judge, Mr. Lacey, Is
;■ the best all-round judges in the
country, and his selection meets with the
approval of all those Interested in kennel
affairs.
L. A. Klein, who is looking after the
interests of the. champion St. Bernard.
!.<• Prince Jr., is expected to reach this
next week with the famous St. Ber
nard and also several other high-class
some of which will doubtless bo ex
• rh" Show. The owner of The
Prince, F. Bushnell, has about decided to
enter his charge for exhibition only. He
thinks that in justice to the owners of
St. Bernards here it would not be right
on his part to enter a dog that has de
feated many Eastern champions for com
petition against local kennels. Mr. Bush
nell acknowledges, however, that among
the St. Bernards on this coast he can
name quite a few of the smooth-coats
who are dangerous competitors in any
kind of company.
As "the woods are full" of greyhounds
a large representation of longtails is said
show is expected. Judge Lacey is said
to be » lover of the greyhound and also a
man who thoroughly understands their
defects and good qualities.
Among the entries already received are:
Five pups out of Mrs. .1. P. Norman's mas
tiff bitch, Lola, now deceased. These pups
are Don Montez (49.845), owned by H. B. Lin
coln; W. H. Dick's Bu»no Montez (61.10R);
Duncan Murray's Northman Montez (50,365),
and J. P. Norman's Ix>la Montez (51,109).
Dr. Fred \V. d'Evelyn will exhibit his Im
ported fox terrier Defender.
H. A. Werner has • offered a magnificent
trophy for cocker spaniels, and will make a
gallant effort to .win it with the team of six
spaniel*, that may. be seen In Golden Gate
Park every day drawing his little girl's wagon.
The St. Bernard Club Will make 150 entries
to-day, and all owners of large dogs should
not delay In following this example, as extra
large kennels will be provided for all large
dogs. If the club receive the entries in time
to make the necessary arrangements.
Ry special permission of the American
Kennel Club, accorded In consideration of
the time consumed in applying to New
York for registration and receiving the
return, the San Francisco Kennel Club
Is now able to receive applications and
owners, hy paying the fee of $1 here, can
avoid the payment of the listing fee.
J. B. Thompson of Irvington has in this
way registered and entered no less than
seven St. Bernard puppies.
The Pacific special committee of the
American Kennel Club will meet to-night
at the Occidental Hotel. The meeting has
j been called by Dr. W. R. Cluness Jr., who
is acting chairman in the absence of John
E. de Ruyter. One of the subjects will be j
the consideration of the proposed new |
rule of the American Kennel Club to class
ify the different shows according to the
number of d"Bs shown. A win in the win- '
ners' class would count in proportion to I
the importance of the show. Ten points |
would be required to make a champion. ;
New York and San Francisco would be :
arbitrarily designated as five-point shows,
shows with 760 dogs and over as four
point shows, between 500 and 7"iO dogs as I
three-point shows, between 250 and sf»o
dogs as two-point shows and under 250
doga as one-point shows. This change I
s.-.-ms to meet with general approval, as !
tending to differentiate the wins of small
nt.d large shows, without injustice to
• ither,. and. it is confidently expected that
the American Kennel Club's special com
mittee will indorse the proposal to-night.
The following letter from the. secret,) rv
of the Pacific Kennel League has been re
ceived and, of course, &pe.aks for Itself:
Fportlng; Editor San Francisco Call.— Dear
Sir; Inasmuch as the announcement of the
Pan Francisco Kennel Club Is misleading to
the public, I wish to state, through your
paper, that the wins at the Pan Francisco
show will not be recognized "all over the
country." The fact U, they will not be
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CALT,, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1895.
recognized as wins and cannot appear In the
catalogues of any of the shows held on the
Pacific Coast under the P. K. L. rules.
I make this statement by "rdsr of tie pxpcu
tive committee of the Pacific Kennel League,
so that the "fancy" may nut be deceived.
Yours obediently,
NORMAN* J. STEWART,
Pfcr^tary Pacific Kennel League.
DEATH SUMMONS
ANOTHER PIONEER
Jeremiah J. Desmond Found Dead
in His Apartments at Hotel
Marguerite.
Jeremiah J. Desmond, one of the oldest
and best-known insurance men of San
Francisco, died Wednesday night of apo
plexy at his apartments in the Hotel
Marguerite, 511 Turk street. At first it
was thought that his death was due to
accidental asphyxiation, but an investi
gation of the circumstances proved this.
to be untrue. It was Mr. Desmond's cus
tom to retire every night about 11 o'clock
and to rise in the morning at 8 o'clock for
the purpose of reading his morning paper
in bed. Yesterday the Japanese Bervant
who is employed at the Marguerite noticed
that the paper was outside of the door,
and when he attempted to open the door
for the purpose of taking the paper Into
the room he found It locked. His atten
tion was next attracted by the odor of
gas. W. H. Powers, the manager of the
hotel, was notified. He gained an entrance
' to the room and found the body of Mr.
I■■ mond <m the floor. Death had evi
dently ensued several hours before, as
the remains were cold and stiff. Powers
ires that there, was not enough gas
in th* room to have caused death. Ihe
key to the gas Jet was only partially
turned.
Mr. Desmond was an old man and very
stout. He was inclined to anoplexv, and,
in fact, for several days he ha<s been
complaining of dizziness. The supposition
Is that he whs suddenly attacked In tnei
night and that he attempted to rise and
turn on the gas, and that he was over
come before he could do so. None of his
family nor any of the, employes of the
hou'l know of any reason why Mr. Des
mond should desire to commit suicide.
When he retired Wednesday night he was
apparently in the best of health and spir
its. Dr. w. P. Chalmers, the State Quar
antine Officer, who is a nephew of the de
j ceased, and Coroner Hill, believe that the
: death was accidental. Dr. Chalmers noti
fied Mr. Desmond's family of his death.
I They were at his country home near Wal
j nut Creek, in Contra Costa' County. Mrs.
Desmond and. her sons, Henry and Paul,
reached the city yesterday afternoon and
took charge of the remains, which were.
I removed to undertaking parlors, where
! the autopsy was held. The deceased also
leaves one other son. William Desmond.
In addition to the immediate family Mr.
Desmond is survived by his sisters, Mrs.
Mary D. Chalmers and Mrs. Honora Law
: ler, and a brother, C. Desmond, of this
; city. There Is also another brother resid
ing in Los Angeles. The funeral will take
place to-morrow and the remains will be
temporarily Interred In Calvary Cemetery,
in the nlat of Paul Desmond.
The deceased was 71 yea.rs of age and a
native of Treland. He came to this coun
try when a young man and located In
Massachusetts, where he married. About
thirty years ago he moved with his fam
ily to Pan Francisco. He is well remem
bered a~ one of the early pioneer retail
merchants of this city. With his brother,
C. Desmond, he conducted for a number
of years a large hat store at the corner
of New Montgomery and Market streets.
He next engaged In the fire Insurance
business, with which he has been identi
fied ever since up to the time of his death.
j During his life Mr. Desmond represented
i a number of largo insurance companies,
among them being the Lancashire Fire
Insurance Company. He at one time also
represented several French companies.
Mr. Desmond was at his office on
i Wednesday, and in consequence his sud-
I den death was a great shock to the many
I people who knew him and enjoyed his
friendship. He was a man of the "highest
integrity and held the confidence and es-
I teem of all with whom he had any bnsi
! ness dealings. In private life he endeared
himself to his friends and family by his
I kindly nature and gentle disposition.
In his younger days the deceased was a
pupil of Gllmore, the famous band con
ductor, and under his tutorship became
mi excellent cornet soloist. Later on
with three others he organized Desmond's
brass band, which enjoyed a fine reputa
tion. Up to the time of his death Mr
Desmond always took a deep Interest in
musical affairs, and he was a member of
Professor McKenzle's Choral Society.
A cure for pneumonia. Dr. Sarsfield's
anti-Inflammation salva cures the worst
canes of pneumonia, also hip disease
and sprains. All druggists. •
TWO ATTEMPTS
TO BURN DOWN
GROCERY STORE
Both Happen Within
a Week.
WORK OF AN INCENDIARY
FIRE MARSHAL TOWE MAKES A
THOROUGH INVESTIGATION.
Suspicion Rests Upon the Proprietor,
but the Evidence Is Not Suffi
cient to Warrant an
Arrest.
Two suspicious fires within a w*ek at
dmrles Dohnken's grocery, 434 Green
wich street, have been investigated by
Fire Marshal Towe, and although he has
not secured sufficient evidence to cause
an arrest he is morally certain that the
fires were of incendiary origin.
Tuesday, April 11, about 5:30 o'clock in
the muring, tire was noticed in a vacant
room in the rear of the grocery and the
flames were extinguished by the ntghbors
before much damage was done. The Fire
Marshal made an investigation and cams
to the conclusion that boys or tramps had
caused the fire.
Tuesday night shortly before midnight
fire was again discovered at the grocery
on the outside wall on Telegraph place,
the building being on the corner. Dohnken
sleeps in a room in the rear and the young
I man who discovered the fire awoke him j
! and together they put out the names. The
weatherboards where the lire was started
were burned, and it was found that sacks
taturated with coal oil had been placed
against the weatherboards and set on lire.
[naide the store on the opposite side of the
weatherboards was a twenty-live-gallon
coal "il lank, which contained a quantity
of oil. If the flames bad reached it the
place would have been destroyed.
When the second lire was reported to the
Fire Marshal yesterday morning he de
cided that something was wrong, and "ii
making an investigation he found that
coal oil had been used to start the lire
and pieces of sacks saturated with the oil
.— till there. A heavy trail of oil
leading from the tank through the front
ot the store to where the lire was
started was plainly discernible.
August Wc-imann and family live in the
flat above the .store, and W'eimann told
the Fire Marshal that lie was awakened
by the noi.se. Ho went downstairs, and l
when Jio saw the sacks saturated with
coal oil he accused Dohnken of trying to
burn him ami his family alive. There is
a trap door leading from the rear of the
'. tht> second story, which was al
ways nailed down to prevent any one.
from getting into the grocery that way,
inn it had been pried open ami would have i
■ 1 an avenue of escape to the in
-1 iobnkeo Is a young man and had been in
."eery for five months, but the Fire
Marsha] learned that he was not doing '
any business and had been trying to sell
out. The stork was Insured for $2<X), and f
the Fire Marshal is satisfied that it does
not amount to more than $r>B. Dohnken
snid ii' 1 whs undressed when he went to
help put out the fir.>. but Weimann con
tradicts him and says he was fully
•■•I. The Fire Marshal warned Dohn
ken that he would be under surveillance
in future and to bo careful that no fur
ther fires were started in his place.
NEILL AND TRACEY
ROUNDING INTO FORM
BOTH MEN ARE TRAINING HARD
FOR THEIR BATTLE.
Lively Interest Being Manifested in
the "Goes" to Be Pulled Off by
the Western Club.
On Saturday morning: the. advance Palo
of reserved seats for the boxing show to
be held under the auspices of the West
ern J-toxing Club on Tuesday evening next
will be opened at 730 Market street, and,
judging by the interest shown by lovers
of the fistic game, there will be a big de
mand for coupons of admission. Numer
ous requests have hf-en made by Manager
Long of the pi 'pnlar club to dispose of
choice sections near the ringside, but the
latter has decided to wait and give every
one an equal chance.
The interest <>f the sporting public is
due to the good reports received daily
from the training quarters of Tracey and
Neiil and the other fighters. The men
who are to appear In "the event of the
evening" are already In. excellent shape
and when they enter the arena on Tues
day night should be in condition to make
a hard battle. Tracey's long experience
has taught him not to weigh the chances
of his opponent too cheaply. Knowing
Neill to be aggressive, a hard hitter and
a clever boxer, he is losing no opportunity
in preparing himself for the battle. He
remembers thai -McConnell made a finn
showing against himself and be saw bow
cleverly Neill handled the product of th>-
San Francisco Athletic flub.
Hundreds r>f ri^ht followers are confi
dent that Neill will take the Australian's
measure. They base their judgment on
his youth and on the fine showing he has
heretofore made, and intend backing him
heavily. Neill Is an aspiring fighter, and
knowing as he does that a victory over
Tracey will at one leap bring him "in the
front rank of the welter-weights, he will
in;<ke even,- effort to wtn. On Saturday
evening the managers of both men will
meet and choose a referee. The club will
furnish a referee for the other bouts
The interest in the fight between Lawler
and Denny is second to that taken in the
Mr go. Lawler's aggressiveness and clev
erness have won him a host of admirers,
and they will back him heavily to heat
Denny. The Australian has won fame
on his native heath, and does not intend
returning, as did Tweedle. with a black
mark on his record. He |b a hard puncher,
and those who have seen him perform
know that he is up to all the tricks of the
game.
Otts and Johnson should put up an ex
cellent preliminary. TJoth boys are fast
and clever and ar« the leaders In their
class. Otts showed in his last fipht that,
he can administer stiff punches. Johnson's
easy victory over .lean Mulligan has at
tracted a large following to his standard
and he will probably he made favorite.
Manager Long has matched his men with
rare judgment, and as a result the bet
ting public is assiduously studying the
"dope book" with a view of picking the
winners of the different events.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur rapes, cloaks
Credit. M. RnthsrhiH. 211 Butter, rooms S-7.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Amanda Milligan has sued her husband,
Robert H. Milligan. for maintenance
Mrs. Milligan avers that her husband de
serted her in November of last year and
notwithstanding the fact that he has em
ployment and $1700 in bank, refuses to
contribute to her support. She asks for
permanent alimony In the sum of $50 a
month.
If your property 1b mort^a^ed and you need
more money sfe H. Murphy, R3O Market. •
Steamer San Jose Libeled.
E. G. Chase filed a libel in the United
States District Court yesterday against
the steamer San Jose to recover $li) r . V)
balance of wages alleged to be due him
as watchman, freight clerk, deckhand and
general utility man.
CUP AND SAUCER DAT.
ouiiie aruoies cut co ler •-■ent.
Some articles cut 60 per cent
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
Hales.
ihur.day, •pril 20, 1899.
mother's day . a day
set apart for children, too .
we befieve that every person of the thousands upon thousands who have read our
advertisements during the past six years has noticed how we like to speak of
"mother," "the home" and those near and dear to us: we have built up this huge
business through carefully catering to the economical side of housekeeping :
that's probably why folks speak of Hale's as "the store mother likes": another
one spoke of Hale's as "whole families trade there!" yet with all our
care we have (owing to lack of space) had, more or less, to neglect some
branches of retailing, among them suits for children from 2 to 5 years of age:
this is now remedied : this advertisement tells you some of the lines we now offer.
t reefers and capes js&
in new dep't for children wllL
child's reefer jacket, as illustrated, made from fancy mixed cheviot Jm^^j£s§*&
cloth: colors brown and tan, blue and cadet: deep collar ftrt rft {§H infill'
braid and cloth trimmed : sizes 2to 6 years OZlull |§r^ jfimi
child's reefer jacket, bloused and belted: fancy braid trimmed : rffi^ii^ft&*
c ' l _j~- j-3jJtf'' made from fine wool socking, roll collar, as illustrated, un- ft ft rft
** *ysSjf usually good value, ages 4 to 12 years OZIvU jjM
ra^ child's reefer jacket, as picture, of fine all-wool socking, colors y/-3
light navy and red, deep collar, braid trimmed, pleated back ftO rfl C-^
with belt, ages 2 to 6 years OviuU
child's cape in royal blue and cadet gray, with silk-lined hood and cape faced with plaid ft k fifl
silk, sizes 4 to 14 years, as illustration, each Oil "*»
J? interesting items J&k
j||. in wrappers and jackets for mothers : fllL
Mr^cif^c^S. percale wrappers, well made, perfect in tit, bound armholes, tight- f^jfi^S&M
/) lrsß^ fitting waist, lined deep, full flounce, bretelles over shoulders, fti ftr /^c^WtJ)' J
(J )W braid trimmed .\ OIIZO faOS^
(\\\ I ""iNp ' Dest c l ua '^y cover cloth jackets, full silk lined, fly front, fancy \(\~^^~7n
<.JrtL st/ notched back, something new, with buttons, one of the late ftjfi 00 *^T*. y^C<7'
lUt*-| features introduced to-day OIUiUU <v^Jp^
a) for the attention of housewives : \j>
2100 pillowcases, 45x36 inches, good quality, ready for use, 2-inch hem, each 8q
Hale's double-warp sheets, very heavy, perfect hem, good hotel sheet, five sizes:
54x90 inches, 42c each; 63x90, 47£c;' 72x90, 521 c; 81x90, 57ic; 90x90 inches, 621 c each.
underwear nnriprnripprt *
480 ladies' cream white Egyptian cotton underwear, jersey ribbed, medium weight and fleeced: shirts
high neck long sleeves, silk crochet neck and front, pants to match: in usual way worth 25c, an unusual |Q-j
offering at ... IJ U
500 ladies' garments in regular and extra sizes of fine maco cotton, heavy quality, jersey ribbed QQn
and fleeced : shirts crochet neck and front : drawers to match , Zv U
200 garments in gents' cotton underwear, all shirts, heavy quality and fleeced: satin or self QC**
front : sizes 36, 38, 40, 42 : usually 50c : to close out /DC
(if you live out of the city our catalog will tell you all !) .
937 to 947 Market Street
the tame firm — the same good goods same guarantee also tt
Sacramento, San Jose, Stockton, Salinas, Petaluma, Los Angeles.
GAMBLERS FIGHT HARD
TO OVERRIDE THE LAW
FURTHER HEARING OF THE
RACETRACK CASE.
; Proceedings Dragging Along in Con
sequence of the Tactics of the
Attorney for the De
fense.
The admission In evidence of the ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors last
March was the net result of yesterday's
proceedings In the pult In entity of the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club versus Chief of
Police Lees and his subordinates tn pro
hibit them from enforcing the law and
prohibit gambling at the racetrack. At
torney Aon, for the gamblers, objected to
everything in sight. John A. Hosmer.
who is conducting the case on behalf of
the department, grew weary; Judge Mur
asky was overcome with ennui, and so
was everybody elsf> In the courtroom;
but Ach kept on plugging in his objec
tions up to me time of adjournment.
During the morning Secretary Green
was reealled'and testified to the loss sus
tained by the club owing to the suppres
sion of gambling.
One of the points raised by Ach In the
case is that the police acted without au
thority, as the ordinance was not the law
in fact. In the afternoon I Former sum
moned John A. Russell, clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, and more than an
hour was consumed in getting- the simple
fact before the court that the order had
been regularly passed by the board. Ach
objected to everything. He objected to
the order itself, the method of its passage,
the signatures attached to it. the manner
In which it is kept in the clerk's office,
the means of publication, and only him
self knows what else. If there had been
as much trouble in getting the order
through the board as there was in getting
it before the court, the touts and gamhlers
would still be holding high carnival at
Ingleside.
When finally Clerk Russell was per
mitted to escape. Chief Lees was called
to the stand, and told, amid the usual
storm of objections, of the occurrences
at Ingleside on March 14. when the first
raid was made. The Chief finally lost
patience at Ach's endless interruptions
and Ignoring him and his objections alto
gether, described the entry of the police,
their descent upon the pool boxes, the lo
cation of the latter, the jeers of the touts,
etc. He had not finished his testimony
when court adjourned until this morning.
Mail for St. Michael.
The next steamer for St. Michael will
leave this city on June 1, and trips will
be made thereafter by steamer every two
weeks for flvo trips during the summer
season. Malls for Dawson leave Skaguav
on the Ist and 15th of each month.
Hales. |
3-Day Specials !
Low prices must always be the
" best of arguments when they are
backed up with quality. ' Some
very strong: arguments for trad-
ing with us are told below.
CREAMERY BUTTER, square 30e j
RANCH EGGS, dozen 20e |
ALMONDS, lb 16c
Best papershell. .; .
Regular price, 20c.
PRUNES. 5-lb box 40e
Imperial brand — fancy large
Santa Clara Prunes.
Regular price, 60c.
BEER, Val Blatz', doz. pints...sl.2s j
Fine Eastern Beer.
Regular price, $1 55.
GRAPE-NUTS, pk? 12^e
The great Brain and Nerve Food.
Regular price, inc.
MALT WHISKEY, bot 75c
• Royal brand— eppecl ally
recommended for family and
medicinal use. Regular price, $1 00.
Telephone and Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. , Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5523. Telephone Weit 153.
TRT TIiEM TOR
fimfik Coughs, Colds,
IIW Asthma, Bronchitis, |
I XglJP 7 and Throat. I
F jtS£2&f and Sore Throat.
~ !
Hale'B.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
RECLINING CHAIRS.
s^eci/ii.-$8.50-^'# .
Large, roomy, massive, hand-
some and comfortable. Ma-
hogany, fitted with corduroy
cushions, brass fittings.
You. your friends and your
purse will like it.
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
fibove Sixth.
Phone South 14. Open Erenings.
000000000000000000
o T -"- B PALACE '■»■!>%
%CRAND hotels o
q SAN FRANCISCO. °.
Connected by a covered passageway. °
« 1400 Room!— 900 wi h Bath Atsaohed. °
V All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PBICE8: O
0 European Plan.gl.OO per fey and upward O
0 American Plan.^S.OO per day A nd upward I
** Correspondence Solicited *»
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATBICK. B& g.r. O
QOOQQQOQQOQOOQQQQQ
Kl|jsDß. HALL'S REINVICORATOR
Five hundred reward for any
I case w» cannot cure. This secret
far* agnfl remedy stops all losses In 24
9*3 iW hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
l*][ Esin ncy * Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
58F 53* 1 Oleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
WSBmr-Wm* Manhood and all wasting effect!
— r— -— ». or self-abuse or excesses. Sent
cure boUle: « 3 .$? . t ' » 5: guaranteed to
TTJTH «t d ?, c " J . HALL A 8 ME DICAL IN3TI-
LIJX r s adway ' Oakland. Cal. Al«o for
•*»• at 1071H Market St.. 8. F. All prtvaU dl»-
-caaca auicklx cured. Bead for fre« boo*.