VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 170.
PEACE CONFERENCE
BEGINS ITS WORK
THE HOUSE IN THE WOOD.
FIRST DAY'S
SESSION IS
VERY SHORT
It Is Agreed That Hereafter
the Envoys Will Meet
in Secret. j
THE HAGUE, May is.— peace
conference called by the Czar of
Russia was opened at 2 o'clock
this afternoon in the Hall of the
Huis Ten Bosch, or -The House
in the Woods," two miles from The
Hague.
M. de Beaufort. President of the
Council. Minister of Foreign Affairs of
the Government of The Netherlands.
delivered the inaugural address and
welcomed the delegates. M. de Beau
fort spoke of the high honor of the
choice of The Hague as the' meeting
place 'for the conference, and extolled
the noble initiative of the Czar, sav
ing this would be a red letter day in
the history of the century and express
ing the hope that his Majesty would
be able to look back at the day as the
most glorious of his life. He concluded
with calling attention to the allegorical
group over the doorway of the hall.
Peace entering to close the temple of
Janus, and said:
I trust this beautiful allegory will be an
nugury of your labors and that after you
have completed them yon will be able to
say that peace, whom art introduced into
the hall, left it to spread its blessings
among the whole of humanity.
The delegates decided to send the fo]
lowing telegram to the Czar:
The Peace Conference lays at the feet
of your Majesty its respectful congratu
lations upon the occasion of your birth
day and expresses its sincere desire to
co-operate In the great and noble work
in which your Majesty has taken a gen
erous initiative and for which it begs you
BARON DE STAAL.
The San Francisco Call
♦ NICHOLAS OF RUSSIA. J
to accept its humble and profound grati
tude. :.■■■_': : •
M. de Staal, the Russian Embassa
dor to Great Britain and head of the
Russian delegation, in formally assum
ing the presidency of the conference.
said his first duty was to express to
M. de Beaufort his sincere gratitude
for the noble terms in which he had
referred to his august Majesty, the
Czar, adding that his Majesty would
be deeply touched, as well by the spon
taneity with which the High Assembly
had associated itself therewith. Con
tinuing M. de Staal said: I
Though to the Czar is due the initiative
of the conference, we owe much to the
Queen of the Netherlands for Inviting us
to her capital. It is a happy augury of
success that we have met under the aus
pices of the young sovereign whose
charge Is felt in a wide circle, whose
heart Is open to everything great and
generous and who has displayed such
sympathy with the cause which brings
us here. It is on the historic soil of the
Netherlands that the greatest • political
problems have been discussed. Here Is
the cradle of science and international
law.
After a reference to the historic peace
treaties concluded at The Hague, and
expressing regret that M. de Beaufort
had not accepted the presidency of the
conference', M. .de Staal said in con
clusion:
I cannot consider my election otherwise
than inspired by. my. position as plenipo
tentiary, of the empire of the sovereign
who was the initiator of the conference.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY" 19. 1899.
KIND WORDS
ARE SPOKEN
FOR THE CZAR
Russia Takes the Lead and
De Staal Is Chosen
as President.
On this ground I accept with deep grat
itude the distinguished honor and 1 shall
use every endeavor to justify your con
fidence. I am perfectly aware that od
vanced age Is. alas, a sad privilege and
a weak auxiliary, but I hope that it will
at least constitute a claim upon your In
dulgence.
After making his address: M. de
Staal in behalf of the conference tele
graphed to the Queen of The Nether
lands as follows:
The members of this conference, assem
bled for the first time in this beautiful
Hula Ten Bosch, hasten to lay at the feet
of your Majesty their besPHtishes. prat
ing you to accept their homage and grati
tude for the hospitality you have gra
ciously deigned to offer them.
The reading of the message
was warmly applauded. M. de Beau
fort was appointed honorary president.
and the leading Dutch delegate. A. P.
C. Van Karnobeck, former Minister of
Foreign Affairs and Deputy, was ap
pointed vice president.
After the appointment of nine sec
retaries, M. de Staal's proposal that
the sessions be secret was adopted. The
next session will take place on Satur
day, when the delegates will arrange a
programme and appoint committees.
The conference then adjourned.
The session to-day only occupied
twenty-five minutes, and the apparent
unanimity displayed was. considered to
augur well for the outcome.
SMALLPOX ALONG
NORTHERN RAILROADS
Laborers at the Cascade Tunnel Af-
flicted Through Germs Brought
by Imported . Japs.
TACOMA, Wash., May is.— Smallpox
has broken out at Cascade Tunnel, on the
Great Northern Railway, and at Stam
pede, on the Northern Pacific Railroad.
It Is supposed that the disease was car
ried from one tunnel to another by work
men. The strangest thing about its ap
pearance Is the difficulty of tracing Its
source. There has been no smallpox In
this State for a long time, and the only
plausible explanation yet made is that
smallpox germs were brought from Asia
by-Japanese laborers arriving within the
last few weeks, who have since gone to
work for the railroads named at and near
their tunnels through the Cascade Moun
tains. Several people at each tunnel, have
the disease and prompt measures are
being taken to stamp It out. Railroad
physicians are vaccinating the railroad
employes, though some of the latter have
refused to be vaccinated and started east
ward. A hired girl, who waited at table
at the Stampede section-house worked
for a number of days after her face was
broken out before it was learned she had
smallpox. It is feared a large number
have caught the disease in this manner.
Secretary Nelson of the State Board of
Health Is Investigating the outbreak and
will take rigorous action against railroad
employes bound eastward from the two
Cascade tunnels. It Is seven years since
Seattle and Tacoma had an epidemic of
smallpox,, and strenuous efforts will be
made to prevent another. ;■ r. . :
EXPECT THE RELEASE
OF MRS. MAYBRICK
Conference of Her Friends to Arrange
the Details of the Final
Petition.
NEW YORK, May* .18.— A. London cable
to the Journal says: A conference was
held to-day by the friends of Mrs. Flor
ence Maybrick for the purpose of arrang
ing the details of a petition that shall be
presented to the Home Secretary for her
release from prison. Baroness de Roquet;,
mother of Mrs. Maybrick, was present.
The facts tending to establish the inno
cence of the. prisoner and insufficiency of
the evidence against her have been set
forth in a very complete manner by an
eminent English barrister. ',-.-' --•--At-'
After to-day's conference Baroness de
Rogues said she had now every* hope of
seeing her daughter a free woman within
two months. :v ,'. .
ALL ARE ANXIOUS
TO HONOR DEWEY
Suggestion to Erect a Statue in This City Con)-
meroorative of li's Great Achievement Meets
With Spontaneous Approval.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooocooooooooooooooooooooo
O _____ . O
o TITHE idea of erecting a statue to Admiral Dewey in San Francisco is o
|0 1 one that will be realized. San Francisco, the chief port on the Pacific, o
J looks to the sea, and Dewey has opened the sea to our commerce by ®
- his marvelous achievement. Our ocean was his battlefield. Commercial 0
o San Francisco is under exceptional obligations, therefore, to Dewey, and _
o will respond, moved by the sentiment both of gratitude and patriotism. o
° I will act on the suggestion to appoint a committee, to-morrow, and will °
q give the movement my hearty support. JAMES D. PHELAN. °
OOOOOOOOOOOOGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"'00000000000
SAN FRANCISCO will have a
statue of Dewey that will be
at once the pride of the whole
Pacific Coast and a lasting monu
ment to his matchless victory.
The suggestion, barely twenty-four
hours old, has received the indorsement
of citizens in every walk of life with
out exception, for not one voice has
been raised In objection, while every-
body who has mentioned the matter
has given it his unqualified approval.
Mayor James D. Phelan has already
taken hold of the patriotic plan with
characteristic energy. He will appoint
a committee of citizens to-day to take
charge of the project. The Mayor is !
enthusiastic and says the committee
must be composed of men who will
work with unflagging energy until the
statue of the hero of Manila is uncov
ered to the admiring gaze of the peo
ple. Professional men of all branches,
public officials, merchants and business
men without exception approve of it
and declare it is entirely feasible.
Substantial offers of money to aid the
plan have already been made, and this
without solicitation and with scarcely
a moment's consideration.
In fact there has never been a pub-
lie movement set on foot in this city
that has met with such spontaneous
and universal approval as has the pro
posed statue to Admiral Dewey.
Yesterday men heard it broached for
the first time, and instantly gave it
their strongest indorsement. Then,
after a brief reflection, would come the
query: .-
"Where shall we place it?"
It. was not "Where would •_ it be
placed?*.' but* simply | "Where shall we
place it?" as though there could be no
possible doubt but that "we" shall have
the statue to place. In almost every In
stance the question was instantly suc
ceeded by the answer from the ques
tioner himself:
"Golden Gate Park."
San Francisco's great resort was al
| most invariably selected as proper
location, although the suggestion was.
' made by one or two that the gore at
the intersection of Market, Drumm and
California streets might be a proper
I site, for there the statue would be seen
i by every person entering the city by
land or by sea. Another suggestion
was that the statue be placed on the
highest pinnacle on the peninsula,
where It would be seen from all parts
of the city and from the sea as well.
Those who named Golden Gate Park
as the site were divided in opinion as
to what part of the big playground
would be the best place for the statue.
Some thought the entrance to the pan
handle when it is extended to Van Ness
avenue and Market street would be. the
proper place for It, as it would be al
most In the heart of the city and in
view of the greatest number of people
at all times: others would erect it on
some high point overlooking the sea in
plain sight of every ship passing
through the Golden Gate, symbolic of
the city. State and coast's gratitude to
j the man who, at a blow, cleared the
! Pacific of a fleet that menaced these
| shores. The site of the three flag poles
was also looked upon as an ideal spot
to commemorate Dewey's achievement.
Of course, the site is really an after
consideration, but Its discussion, almost
with the breath that gave the first in
dorsement of the statue itself, was a
happy omen of success. The question
of finances was not once raised; there
was no thought given to the probable
cost, whatever it might be; one and all
accepted it as merely a matter of de
tail that would be no bar to the com
pletion of the project. '""_**
There was one other matter that re
ceived some attention by the enthusi
astic citizens besides the location, and
that was the statue itself. The central
SENATOR PERKINS
INDORSES THE PLAN
OAKLAND. May.- IS United States Senator George C. rerklns
said to-night 2, "The suggestion that an adequate commemo-
ration of California*!! gratitude to the great ; naval achieve-
mont of the Hero of Manila would be the erection of a's tat we
in ('olden Gate Park, I regard as most commendable and one
well worth considering seriously. It wonld Indeed be clearly and
distinctly Western, and would represent the gratitude and pa
triotism of this section most properly. . I do not believe a great
deal In building a home for Admiral : Dewey in Washington. In
fact. I don't think be would accept It. Yon wee the Government
pays him a liberal salary; of nearly $20,000 per annum, and be
sides this, he will receive a Rood sum In prize money.. So really
Ido not think he would accept a home In Wmtuinelnn. At any
rate, the Pacific Coast, and San Francisco In particular, owe* Ad
miral Dewey it greater debt of gratitude than any other section
of the country— more. indeed, than It can ever hope to repay. But
for the blow strnck nt Manila onr, coast wonld have been at »*•*«
merry of the Spanish and onr commerce might hare suffered al
most Irreparably. So I think that the erection of a statue 111
honor, of this great naval hero Is by far the must appropriate
method of expressing California's gratitude, and The Call's sug
gestion strikes me very favorably. .;!
"If I were going to build a, home to commemorate the victory
at Manila It would be for the sailors; or the man behind the enn
and the fellow who packed the ammunition' lint for the Admiral.
whose steady hand guided the hosts to victory a monument should
stand In everlasting; memory to his patriotism."
figure— if there was more than one fig
uremust be of heroic size. Gallant
George Dewey must stand out above
and beyond all other figures that might
be included in the work. But should
there be more than one figure? Some
thought not, though Mayor Phelan of
fered, merely as a suggestion, that be-
ADMIRAL GEORGE DEWEY, THE HERO OF MANILA.
sides that of Dewey, an allegorical
group representing the soldiers and
sailors California has given to the com
mon defense of the country might be
shown, together with the prow of the
Olympla. . . . ;
All this shows the marked enthusi
asm that greeted the first suggestion
of the project. This enthusiasm is cer
tain to grow until by erecting this
tribute to his gallant services, San
Francisco has given substantial proof
of her patriotism and her gratitude to
the man who safeguarded her com
merce and her homes. «
Following are expressions by some of
the leading men who were seen yester
day indorsing the movement:
Irving M. Scott —
I am heartily in favor of the move-
ment to erect a monument to Admiral
Dewey. He deserves all the honors
the Pacific Coast can bestow on him,
as his action in destroying the Span-
ish fleet saved this coast from attack.
We are therefore under deep obliga
tions to him, and I hope the efforts
of The Call in that direction will be
crowned with success. I believe an
appropriate monument should be
erected at the most conspicuous point ■
in the proposed extension of the park
panhandle. It should be placed on a
summit, so that we all could see It,
and so that the passengers on Incom-
ing ships might also view it.
E. A. Denicke —
What Admiral Dewey has done was
done for posterity more than for the
present generation. So the acknowl
edgment should be for posterity. It
should take the shape of a monument
which ought to be a j grand work of
art. In my opinion, it is more in keep-
ing than the scheme to purchase him
a home. A monument is the only
proper recognition, and we should
erect them :to those who are alive as
an ; encouragement to others, because
it excites emulation. I think It Is a
much nobler way of showing a peo- j
ple's gratitude' than by subscribing
capital for the purchase of a house
and lot. I therefore would like to see \
a ; monument erected to Admiral
Dewey in Golden Gate Park and
heartily Indorse the move to bring It
about. _ "'. ' '.'".,_
Rev. Father Otis — .
Admiral Dewey is entitled to reward
j - and recognition for the gallant serv
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ices he has rendered the United States
during the past year In the Orient. c
will be rewarded partially by the pro
posed mansion for which subscrip
tions are being received from all parts
of the country. A statue to be erected
in Golden Gate Park would be a
graceful recognition of Admiral
Dewey's worth as a man. He may
visit this city at some future time, and
if he could then be shown some sculp
ture commemorating his deeds at Ma
nila he would know he was appreciat
ed. Let it be a credit alike to this muni
cipality and to the man who Is to be
honored.
garret W. McEnerney—
I am heartily in favor of the project.
It will be a fitting tribute to Admiral
Dewey, of which the people of the en
tire coast can be justly proud. We
should all be eager to assist any move
ment which has for its end the hon
oring of this great man. The people of
this city are, as a rule, awakened to
prompt action when propositions of
this nature are set on foot. Golden
Gate Park will be incomplete until
graced with a monument erected 'in
honor of George Dewey.
Judge J. H. Seawell —
It is a grand idea. No honor is too
great for this man. Dewey is entitled
to all the respect and honor which thii
community can bestow upon him. If
a monument was erected in his honot
in Golden Gate Park it would be one
of the features of the park, besides be
ing a just tribute to Admiral Dewey's
greatness. His victory over the Span
ish fleet in the Bay of Manila is the
greatest naval achievement in the
world's history. The people of this
coast are keenly interested in his wel
fare, and I feel that this suggestion
has touched a cord in their nature that
will bring a prompt response. Let ua
build a monument for Dewey.
Supervisor E. L. Perrault —
Build a monument by all means that
shall stand for all time as a token of
the esteem in which we Western peo
ple hold Admiral Dewey. He has done
his work weh and now that he has
decided to take a much-needed rest
let our labors in his behalf begin. He
has spent his years in the service of
our Government and crowned his ca
reer with perhaps the most brilliant
achievement ever/noted in civilized
warfare, and now we should show him
that every heart in this great State
holds a warm spot for him. A Dewey
monument In Golden Gate Park would
be a fitting tribute to this great hero.
Judge Frank H. Dunne —
Judge Frank H. Dunne —
The erection of a Dewey monument
In Golden Gate Park is -a project that
should, and I think undoubtedly will,
meet with the approbation and hearty
co-operation of every, public-spirited
citizen on the Pacific Coast. No honor
is too great for George Dewey. Of all2
the heroes of the war George Dewey
la the most renowned. Were it dot for
him our entire coast might now be one
great waste, for had he not sent death
and destruction sweeping over the
Spanish fleet It would have been free
to steam across the Pacific to our
shores to prey upon our commerce and
perhaps destroy our homes. .
Judge William P. Lawlor—
In no way could the service Admiral
Dewey has rendered the Pacific coast
be more appropriately commemorated
than by a heroic statue of the great-
si naval hero of the age. It devolves
upon San Francisco, the metropolis
of the Western slope, to see that this
statue Is re. ted, and at once. The
plan must not be permitted to lag for
an instant. There can be but one site
for such a figure, and that is upon
some height overlooking the Golden
Gate, an enduring reminder to our
people of the debt of gratitude we
owi liini for the protection he afford-
ed our interests.
Rev. R. C. Foute—
Grace Episcopal Church— The ques
tion of commemorating the naval vie-
tories of Admiral Dewey cannot be
debated, as there is only one side to
it. A testimonial is due him more
than any man- of the century. The
people throughout the Pacific coast
will undoubtedly accord their hearty
support to the movement having for
its object the placing of a statue in
Gold-Mi Gate Park in honor of Dewey.
It was on the distant shores of the
Pacific Ocean he scored the victory
which has made his name Immortal.
A statue of the naval hero would be
a ting manner in which to perpetu-
ate both his name and us deeds.
Jerome Deasy —
Supervisor — By all means erect
a statue in honor of Admiral Dewey
In Golden Gate Park. He is espe
cially deserving of recognition at
the hands of the people of this coast,
as he was the _< fender of its shores
during the trying times of the war. a.-
though many leagues away The me-
morial should be artistic and substan
tial, qualities not possessed by s^jme
place in the people's pleasure groun"rt.
Dewey is to-day the foremost Ameri-
can and the idol of the people. It is
but proper that some action be taken
to show our appreciation of the work
he has done is an •officer and as a
diplomat. The movement to honor
him should be a popular, one, partic
ipated in by all. sorts and conditions
of people. -
Major P. J. Harney —
Kajor P. J. Harney —
You may quote me as being strongly
in favor of erecting a monument to
Admiral Dewey. We of .the Pacific
Slope owe him a debt of gratitude, and
we ought to show him during his life-
time that his magnificent victory in
Manila Bay has endeared him to us.
I have read of the plan to present him
with a home in "Washington, and while
I think it a patriotic move on the part
of the citizens of this country, yet I
think a suitable monument in our
midst would be the better thing to do.
A statue of the admiral would be a'
lesson to us. our children and pos
terity. I am glad the citizens of our
city are taking an interest in it. as.
it shows the spirit of patriotism is
ever alive in their breasts. I would .
like to see the monument placed where
It could be easily seen and would prove
an attraction to our city. As it is pur-
posed to extend the park panhandle to
the intersection of Van Ness avenue
and Market street, I think it would.
be a splendid idea to erect it at that
point. It would not • only mark the
beginning of our magnificent pleasure
grounds but it would add beauty and
interest to that section of the city.
General R. H. Warfield—
General R. H. Warfield—
A statue commemorative of Dewey's
victory? Why. of course I am in
favor of It. What American, and Call
fornian in particular, is not? My voice
and my purse are in support of such
a movement. There must be no delay
about it, either.
P. H. McCarthy—
P. H. McCarthy—
I believe that a monument to Admiral
Dewey erected in Golden Gate Park is
something that should be favored by
every citizen of the Pacific Coast.
While I am npt in favor of retaining
the Philippines. I do not think the
people of this coast can do too much to
show their appreciation of the magni
ficent valor of the great admiral who
destroyed the Spanish fleet in Manila
Bay. Furthermore, whatever benefit
the Pacific Coast may realize from the
occupation of the islands will be due
to Dewey's great victory, and San
Francisco, as the metropolis of the
coast, is the propers-place for the erec
tion of a monument to him.
Judge W. W. Morrow —
"It is an excellent proposition and.
shows that the spirit. of patriotism is
keen among our people," said Judge
W. W. Morrow this evening when in-
terviewed regarding a statue of Dewey
for .Golden Gate Park. "Dewey has
endeared himself to all true-hearted
citizens, both by his valiant exploits
and the diplomacy required afterward,
and I heartily favor The Call's pro-
ject of giving him merited recognition
on this coast. I doubt not that Mayor
Phelan will appoint a capable and en-
ergetic commission to take the matter^
in charge. Golden Gate Park is pecS
liarly suitable for such a statue. What*
little I can do in furtherance of the
project will be done gladly."
HOTEL AT LARKSPUR
DESTROYED BY FIRE
It Is Said That Several of the Cot-
tages Have Also Been
Burned.
SAN RAFAEL, May 18.— report
reached here at 1 o'clock this morning
that the hotel at Larkspur and several
cottages had been destroyed by fire.
There were no details and the place
could not be reached by wire to-night.
Japanese Seamen May Land. ,'-:■♦'
WASHINGTON. May 18.- Assistant Sec
retary Spalding has held that Japanese
seamen may land in the United States
without the examination required in the
rase of manifested Immigrants. This de
cision overrules that of the Collector of
Customs of Port Towns. -nd, Wash, who
Instructed the Collector at Seattle' that
members of the crews of Japanese ves
sels should only be permitted to land af
ter an Investigation in each case and in
the same manner as though they wete
regularly manifested immigrants.
LET ALL HONOR
THE GREAT HERO
+• ! *
4- Af\ AXTA CRUZ, Mny IS Charles L. Pntton In heartily and en- -f
♦ At^K A Vl* A CHUB, Miiy IS. — ( harlPH L. ration 1* heartily and en- -f
-♦• thuslnstlcally ln sympathy with the movement to erect In Ay
Ay J^W San Francisco a monument in honor of Admiral Dewey. When • .
y J _____ to-nisht to express nn opinion in deference to the plan
"*"• suffßcsted by The Call, Mr. I'ntton said: • C *.*♦*.
"t* "The people of Snn Francisco owe It to themselves to do' 4
+ honor to the a reat Admiral whose splendid achievement In Ma- , a,.
+ nlln Bay. meant so much to the people of the Pacific Gout We *
should nil unite in a single effort to build the monument which
ham been suprKested. Whatever 1 can do in assistance I shall do "▼"
"♦ Kindly. I believe it to he the duty of every eitlisen, within hid +
-4- means and to the best of hi* ability, to. do the same. The inline- a,.
a, dlate and far-reaching benefits of Admiral Dewey's victory cannot a
a lie overestimated. The srreat sailor not only protected un from the
menace of S"""1«h attack, hut he opened to us splendid avenues of "*"
&,'<:} trade before unsuspected even an a possibility. We, will be the +
-*- -..benellolnrlew of this „reat triumph and It in fittingl that ln some *
-+. permanent manner we Rive expression to onr sentiment of unit- a
i Itode. By all means let ihe monument be built and let nil who
care for their country and its prosperity contribute to the build- "*"
♦ muf." :.-:,' Y:YY^{Y:, +
-+W&Z ■ -'■■ ." +
■*■ 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- -f* + +> + + *♦* + ■** + ++ +.♦ + > ♦ .♦ + + + + + 4 + .+ 4* + ♦
DISAPPEARANCE OF
A RANCHER'S SON
Here Is a Case Tf)at Is as Mys
terious as That of Hillary
Starr.
© . LOS ANGELES, May David Luinga, the 12-year-old son of M. 9
*|J If. Luinga, a rancher at Old Mission, is missing. His disappearance is **
$ almost. as mysterious as that of the young engineer, Hillary Starr, at <$
* Pasadena. Shortly after 8 o'clock last night the lad went to his room to *
* go to bed. and not a trace of him has been found since the door closed. *
■3* It is stated that he was playing around the house as usual. His father '<£
% was in the store. by the side of and a short distance from the house, <$>
* and the boy came in and out during the evening. At a little past Bhe *
% started for bed. About 9 one of the family had occasion to step into $
4- his room and found the child's bed unoccupied. His every-day suit of $
* clothes lay on the floor and his best suit was missing. Nothing in ad- *
% dition to this known. The boy is said to be exceptionally bright and „
■•• shrewd. A
•jf Luinga notified the Sheriff's office this morning and deputies have *t*
* been detailed to search the city. The child's father is a well-known res- *
* idem of Old Mission, toward Whittier. He owns ranches in that vicin- *
<s> ity and in addition runs a general store where anything from shoe $
* laces to a keg of beer can be purchased. He is living with his second *
# wife, and has three children by a former marriage— the boy David and *
<S> two older girls. David has always been well treated, is said to have had **
% much affection for his step-mother and had no reason for leaving home. *
* The Mexican population in that section is much wrought up, and, as *
% the father had no riches that could be used as hostage for a kidnaped %
'•$■ child, the superstitious folk are hinting at all sorts of motives for the f
* mysterious disappearance. .' ' *£
• "*■
CONTRIBUTIONS TO
THE HOME FUND
Good Work Done by th
Brooklyn Eagle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters. Wellington Hotel,
Washington, May IS.
To-day's contributions to the Dewey
Home Fund amounted to $2016, of
which $1158 came from the Brooklyn
Eagle and represents collections made
by that paper. The total so far received
by the national committee is $2685.
The following circular to presidents
of Boards of Trade and Chambers of
Commerce was sent out to-day by
Chairman Vanderlip:
In order that all parts of the country
may take part in raising a fund to pro
vide a home in Washington for Admiral I
Georgo Dewey, the distinguished bodies
representing commerce and trade in the ■
chief cities are invited to take steps for
securing subscriptions for that purpose. j
As president of your organization, you j
are requested to extend such aid as your I
wisdom may dictate and to enlist your
city heartily in behalf of this patriotic
gratitude. V" ■'-■- ■ ,
It may be well for you to publish daily
a list of your local subscribers and to
remit money at frequent intervals to the
treasurer of the fund in Washington, with
names and addresses of the donors.
Temporary receipts will be at once re
turned and" duplicates, handsomely en
graved, of the same date and number,
bearing a portrait, will be sent to each
subscriber. .-■■" "-■■<'
Immediate response and efficient action
on your part will facilitate the work of
this" committee, while It will add impetus |
to co-operation in other cities.
The observance that a home in the na- j
tion's capital has been provided for him
by the popular affection and esteem will
be a fitting factor in the welcome to the
great admiral when he lands in his native
country on his return from the scene of
his brilliant victories.
AFRAID OF SEASICKNESS.
Why Grover Cleveland and Captain
Evans Remained Away From
Port Clinton.
TOLEDO, Ohio. May Captain Rob
ley 1). Evans, late of the battleship lowa,
and Grover Cleveland were scheduled to
participate iri the | cornerstone laying ex
ercises at Port Clinton to-day. They are
fishing at Middle Bass Island and at the
last moment backed out because of the
heavy sea on Lake Port Clinton. The
citizens were advised that the two noted
men were afraid of seasickness. They
said they would not suffer nausea for the
sake of showing themselves at Port Clin
ton. . . . .
Captain Evans was very seasick on his
trip to the island. He accounts for this
by saying that the waves of the lake are
short and choppy and the bqats are tossed
about indiscriminately, while on the ocean
the waves are long and rolling and the
motion is different. He is made the butt
of many jokes on account of this weak
ness. _________
ASSOCIATED PRESS ELECTION.
CHICAGO, May 18.— At the meeting of
the' directors of the Associated Press to
day the following officers were unani
mously elected for the ensuing year:
President, Victor F. Lawson; first vice
president, Stephen O'Meara of the .Boston
Journal *, second vice president-, General
Harrison Gray Otis of the Los Angeles
Times; secretary and general manager.
Melville E. Stone; assistant secretary and
general manager. Charles S. Dlehl; exec
utive committee— Victor F. Lawson of the
Chicago Record and Daily News. Charles
W Knapp of the St. Louis Republic,
Frederick Driscoll of the St. Paul Pioneer
Press. John Norris of the New York
World and Frank B. Noyes of the Wash
ington Star.
APPEAL OF FILIPINOS.
WASHINGTON, May IS.— counsel
for twelve Filipinos who were recently
denied admittance to this country at San
Francisco have appealed to Commissioner
Powderly of the Immigration Bureau from
the ruling of Commissioner North at San
Francisco, and Mr. Powderly has the case
under consideration. The attorney for the
Filipinos is expected here to argue the
case before the Commissioner of Immi
gration. There are twelve Filipinos in the
party and two of them are Infants. They
are without funds and claimed that they
came to this country as actors, having
made an engagement to go to a museum
in New York.
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, IKIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
GOMEZ ADVISES
DISARMAMENT
Tells Cubans to Accept
Uncle Sam's Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 18.— The expected
manifesto of General Maximo Gome
was issued this evening, It reviews
his part in the negotiations with Gen
eral Brooke and speaks of his love for
Cuba and his sufferings in her behalf
in the past. General Gomes says:
The hour has now arrived for me to
raise .my voice in justification of mv po
sition and to describe the arduous work
i it? .done slnce my first visit to Gen
eral Brooke. I protested to him against
the sum ottered by the United „_ttes as
insufficient to accomplish the good in
tended. While waiting an answer to my
protest I Bought a solution of the ques
tion. General Brooke, representing the
chief magistrate of the united States,
announced his inability to add to the
sum already settled upon.
Speculators then attempted to inter
vene, ottering suggestions which were re
fused by me. They presented a proposi- j
tion to the military assembly; but the]
scheme was frustrated by President Mc-
Kinley *s refusal to recognize that body. . .
I tried the formation of a militia a
practical solution, and General Brooke.
who approved the idea, .asked me for a
summary of my views on the subject.
To this I replied that 10,000 men were all
it would be possible to get from the for- i
mer Cuban army without distinction to
race. My answer was sent to President
McKinley, together with a persona] let- j
ter giving explicit reasons why such a
course was necessary.
I had many conferences with General
Brooke In my endeavors to discover such
a plan of payment as- would not exclude
the men who had never carried arms.
General Brooke insisted, upon the surren
der of arms before the receipt of money,
and 1 also desired that such arms as
had already been surrendered and such
as should be surrendered hereafter might
be delivered to warehouses, In the care
of Cuban armorers, to be paid out of the
Cuban treasury. I do not think it a dis
grace that the Cuban soldiers, should re
ceive, from a Government which is able |
to pay, sums that will relieve their imme
diate needs. Special certificates will be
given to all, redeemable by the Cuban re
public as soon as it is established.
I am convinced that it is compatible
with obtaining peace to have an army
with arms reserved, to defend. Cdba
against her enemies and in the meantime
to be guarded as the relics of a glorious
struggle. In my judgment, whether the
arms were disposed of to the municipali
ties or to. the armorers, it would be all j
the same under the Intervening govern
ment. The Cuban Commissioners, how- 1
ever, refused to agree with General ;
Brooke and the Americans and declined
to fix dates and places where the Cuban
soldiers could deliver up arms and re
ceive payment from the American pay
masters after, identification by their re
spective chiefs. A' ■■■ -.-.-
After further praise of "General
Brooke's consideration," and a declara
tion of his own desire to correct an er
ror existing in Cuba with respect to the
United States, he goes on to say:
I did not act alone, as seems to be
popularly believed, but always consulted
with our officers. My advice to you now
is to return to your homes with the
amounts offered by the Intervening gov
ernment and to practice patience, which
will be an additional proof of your hero-
Ism. In this way we shall reconstruct
most rapidly the homes consecrated by
the blood of martyrs, blood poured out
in behalf of a purpose now attained, and
thus begin this cycle of liberty with the
grandest prospects, .prophesied by the
heralds of future prosperity and peace; ■
This work Is your portion. Let no pre
text Interfere with the attainment of the
independent government for which three
generations of Cubans have struggled
with all sacrifice, and which is now prom
ised by a noble nation pledged to obtain
for us our rights. Meanwhile I shall re
main where I am generously Invited—
among the Cubans. I shall work without
cessation for our aspirations and In a
narrow sphere assigned me if necessary.
And if It happens that all logical, and
just methods shall be exhausted without
the desired result, I will go to Washing
ton and there tell of Cuba and her sacred
Ideals of an Independent republic and will
arbitrate the destiny of our country.
baptized with blood and sanctified with
our love of independence and liberty,
which we will never cease demanding in
tones of subtlest diplomacy, for the sake
of the nation that is to be in the near
future, always asking that independence
and liberty which we %covet in the name
of right, civilization, justice and democ
racy. _: .;.'-':;-"
PENSION ATTORNEYS
STIR UP DISCORD
Have Caused the Grand Army Reso
lutions Demanding Removal of
lutions Demanding Removal of
Commissioner Evans.
Commissioner Evans.
NEW YORK, May 18.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The action
of the- G. A. R. encampment in Syracuse,
N. V., in passing resolution demanding
the removal of H. Clay. Evans, Commis
sioner of Pensions, following closely simi
lar action by the G. A. R. of Kansas, Is
causing the administration considerable
concern. Officials see the hand of the
pension attorney at work, and realize
that he is not to be despised when he be
gins an attack upon the Pension Office
through the Grand Army.
The sole cause of complaint against
Commissioner Evans is that he is hold
ing too rigidly to the law in acting upon
applications for new and increased pen
sions, and administration officials are be
ginning to realize that unless the Com
missioner can be induced to stretch the
law a little, so as to facilitate the. settle
ment of a large number of pending cases,
the pension vote may not be cast as sol
idly for President McKinley next year as
it was in 1596. ' . ' . . . yY.\-k
Wilhelmina and Alexander.
NEW YORK, May 18.— A cable to the
World from Berlin says: The Frankfur
ter Zeltung announces' that in certain
court circles the engagement of Queen
Wilhelmlna to Prince Alexander of Teck
la believed to be imminent.
SURPRISES AT
MORRIS PARK
Roysterer Wins From
Satin Slipper.
SEVERAL FAVORITES BEATEN
— «- —
; KINNIKINNIC CAPTURES THE
XINNIKTNNIC CAPTURES THE
CLAREMONT HANDICAP. '
Jockey Coley Thompson Suspended at
Jockey Coley Thompson Suspended at
Newport for Foul Riding, and {> .
- a Matthews, Who Struck
Him, Exonerated.
-;-».'■ ■■'•:--■■■■ -
._ -.Special Dispatch to The Call. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 18.— In the Van Nest
stakes. at Morris Park to-day Satin Slip-
per was a hot favorite, the others being
only backed for the place. Roysterer and
Satin Slipper ran neck and neck all ,
through the race, and when they finished
the favorite was half a length behind
Roysterer, both driven out to the limit.
The Claremont high weight handicap
was the feature of the day. Imp and Dr.
Eichberg were equal favorites at 3 to 1,
with Florenzo the best-backed of the
others. They were sent away to a good
start and Imp shot to the front and made
the running round the upper turn and
into the stretch, with Dr. Eichberg and.
Boney Boy in close attendance, and Kin
nikinnic in striking distance. When
straightened out for home there was a
general closing up and everybody was
driving. .Kinnikinnic at 8 to 1 had the
half length, while Dr. Eichberg managed, to
length, while Dr. Eichberg managed to
get the place in the last jump from the
last tiring Imp. Results:
Six furlongs— Sky Scraper won. Flax Spin
ner second, Klnaldo third. Time, 1:14*4.
Four and a- half furlongs, selling—Midsum
mer won. Affect second, Prestidigo third. Time,
:54. --'Vi---' .. . ; ' •-
Six and a half furlongs— Roysterer won. Satin
Slipper second, A N B third. Time, 1:20%. :
One mile— Pirate 0 won. Imitation second,
Andreflcus third. Time; 1:42%.
The Claremont high weight handicap, six and
a half furlongs— Kinnlkinnlc won. Dr. Eich
berg second. Imp third. Time, 1:20%
One and an eighth miles— Box won, Glenolne
second, Lanky Bob third. Time, 1:54%.
CINCINNATI, May 18.— The judges at New
port to-day took up the ease of Jockey Coley
Thompson for foul riding in the third race
Wednesday. Thompson made but a weak de
fense,, and after fully considering all the cir
cumstances the judges suspended the boy for
one year. Jockey Matthews, who struck
Thompson on the head with a whip when the
foul was committed, was exonerated. Ex-
Jockey "Soup" Perkins, now an owner, was
arrested to-day for interfering with an officer.
Perkins was mixed up In the tight between
Thompson and Matthews In the paddock on
Wednesday. Weather fine.- Track fast. Re
sults:
Seven furlongs— Pat Garrett won. Lost Time
second, Marlon Sanson third. Time, 1:23*-i.
Four and a half furlongs, maiden tjvo-year
old fillies— Seaßell won. Miss Hudson second,
Aileen Wilson third. Time. ISSH.
One and a sixteenth miles-Carl (' won,
Beajaa second. Pan 'harm third. Time, 1:48%.
One mile, selling— Vanessa won, Almonte sec
ond. Fresco third. Time, 1:43%.
Four and a half- furlongs— Miss Fonsoland
won. Rodd second, Princess Maleen third. Time.
:r.5i4. .•>
Selling, one mile— Tillie XV won. Can I See
Belling en., mile Tillie w won. Can I See
'Em second, L W third. Time, 1:42.
CHICAGO, May 18.— Results at Lakeside.
Weather clear; track good.
Six furlongs— Cordial won. Long Dandy sec
ond, Bloss third. Time. 1:18%.
Five and a half furlongs— La Prlncessa won.
Bloodhound second, Albany third. Time,
1:0914.- V^ ;:" :?-:■':.
Five and a half furlongs— Lou won,
Leoncie second. Sirdar third. Time. 1:09%.
One mile— Dr. Marks won, Admetus second,
Banquo 11 third. Time, 1:44*4.
trie mile and a sixteenth— Dorette won,
Cochise second, Mr. Easton third. Time,
2:11%. HSf?r«"
Six furlongs— Rosavannah won. Rival Dare
Six furlongs— Rosavannah won, nival Dare
second. Forensic third. Time, I:l7'_.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 18.— Results:
Four furlongs— Ben Adlr won, John Terkes
second, Lee King third. Time, :6L .
Six furlongs, selling— Kunja won, Kellorlne
second. Prince Eottien third. Time, 1:18.
One mile— High Jinks won, Freak second,
Preliminary third. Time, 1:44.
Four furlongs^ ■ selling— Fannle Wyn • won,
Clara Wooley second. Harvest Queen third.
Time, :61. ■ - i' -':
One mile, selling— Lennep won, Hampden.
second, Madrllene third. Time. 1:44*4.
Six furlongs, selling— Nepper -won, Louis
ville Belle second, Frank Wagner third. Time,
1:17%: ■_ _ ■ *'-^'A&
SANTA CRUZ WINS
FROM WATSONVILLE
SANTA CRUZ, May 18.— good game
of baseball was played this afternoon in
the presence of . a large crowd between
the Santa Cruz and Watsonvllle teams.
It was a postponed league game, and was
won by the Santa Cruz team by a score
of 6 to 5. Up to the ninth inning it was {
anybody's game. Both sides put up mas
terlyl ball, although Santa Cruz showed I
superiority in fielding and batting. Balsz I
was touched up for eleven and Whalen I
for five hits. . Santa Cruz made three and '
Watsonville six errors. In the ninth
inning Hayes of Watsonville made a I
home run. Klelber, shortstop, made his
first appearance in the Santa Cruz uni- :
form and satisfied the fans that he is i
a good acquisition to the team. The- star j
play was Dunlin's running catch in left
field. In the eighth inning Whalen be
came dissatisfied with one of Umpire Ca
hil's rulings and left the diamond, but
finally returned. The score:
Santa Cruz— " AH R SBPO A E
Williams. 2b 3 1.0 0 1 3 n|
Donlln, If 3 3 3 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Strelb, c 3 10 0 7 10
Clark, lb * 1 1 0 13 2 2
Klieber, ss 4 0 10 17 0
Drennan, cf : 3 0 0 0 10 0
Burge, rf .3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Balsz, p 3 0 0 0 2 10
Totals 23 6 5 0 27 17 2
Watsonvllle— AB It BH SBPO A E
Brockoff, .3b 5 0 0 0 2 2 1;
McCarthy, sa 5 110 2 3 1
Courtney, cf 4 2 2 0 2 0 0
Selna. lb 4 0 1 1 11 0 2
Plake, 2b .4 0 0 0 3 3 0
Morrow, rf 4 0 2. 0 10 2:
Hayes, lf 4 12 0 110
Hansen, c .' 4 1 10 2 10
Whalen, p 4 0 2 0 0 2 0
Totals 38 5 11 1 24 12 6
Runs by Innings— 123466789 .
Santa Cruz :. 2 0200002*— 6
Base hits ...' 1 0201001 6
Watsonvllle 0 0010002 2—5
Base hits 0 10 2 10 13 3—ll
Earned runs, Watsonvllle 2; home run,
Hayes; three-base hit, McCarthy; two-base
hits. Courtney 2,. Clark;, sacrifice hit, Dever
eaux; first base on errors, Santa Cruz 4, Wat
sonvllle 1: first base on called balls, Santa
Cruz '1, Watsonville 1; left on bases, Santa
Cruz 1, Watsonvllle 7; struck out, by Balsz 3,
by Whalen 2; hit by pitcher, Devereaux, Don
lln; wild pitch, Balsz; time of game, 1:30; um
pire. Derrick; official scorer, ■ H. Flelsl_.
BOSTON DEFEATS THE
LOUISVILLE COLONELS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— XV. L. Pet I Clubs— W. L. Pet
St. L0ui5.. ..19 7 .731 Baltimore ...13 13 .500
Brooklyn ...19 8 .704 Louisville ...10 15 .400
Chicago 18 8 .692 New York... 9 15 .375
Philadelphia 17 10 .630 Pittsburg ... 9 15 .375
Cincinnati ..14 9 .600 Washington. 5 21 .192
Boston ......16 11. .693 Cleveland ... 3 '20 .130
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 18.— Willis pitched
great ball, to-day and only two of the. Colo
nels reached . third base. Cunningham was
touched up rather lively and the home team's
errors were costly. Attendance. 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.-
Louisville .......;. 0 5 4
Boston ....................... ....6 14 2
■ Batteries— Cunningham and Klttredge: Willis
and Bergen. . Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, ; May Washington-Pitts
burg game postponed on account of wet
grounds. . *
CLEVELAND, May 18.— No game; wet
grounds.. ■"■■''■ -;•»..'• •.'.-.-.'....'• .■'.>•-
BELLADONNA CRAZE
ATTACKS CONVICTS
San QueQtiQ Inmates Boil Plas
ters in Water and Drink
tf)e Concoction.
• SAN 'QUENTIN PRISON. May 18.-The almost insane desire; of certain- •
g of the convicts for a narocotic in some form or other since the W"«l &
8 it a felony to smuggle opium into the prison has been found to nave b ; §
§ deterrent an effect on those who were formerly relied on for a reKUI«" » £ §.
08 ply has caused trouble for Warden Hale on a new scale. Many 01 int <. g
g victs have now developed the "belladonna craze" and the vigilance »£*
83 sary to keep them from obtaining the drug is fast whitening the arueii i» g
0 hair, while the hallucinations of the few who have managed to obtain it nave g
•J on several . occasions made things exciting. - - Hoinh «S
8 " Only a few days ago one of the prisoners rushed up to Guard Kanaoipn
g and declared that a Bengal tiger had just leaped over the prison wall, .1 ne „
S guard thought the man insane, but humored him to the extent of going to
w the spot where the beast was supposed to be. It was not there and the man »
5 - was taken to the hospital. An examination by Dr. Lawlor showed him to
X be suffering from the effects of belladonna. How he got it he - would not o»
88 tell. .„ < Yk;"y-::-. _'.-., . a
0 * ". Several scenes like this occurred, and then the Warden had a watch; ,3
8 kept 'on' the 'belladonna fiends. It. was not long until a discovery was made 9
S that caused the officials to , shake their heads in wonder. It was found *°
§ , that- the fiends would apply for a belladonna plaster and when in their cells j,
0 would tear It off, boil it in a can of water and then drink the decoction. A
a Since then a man who cannot be trusted is not allowed the use of a plaster jj
£s at all. :--: '•;.-,' ' :■■ -; ."-.','*-.' 2?
#'.' Last .week one convict applied for a plaster, and, being recognized as a Q
•J fiend, his lame back was painted with iodine. He made vigorous protest, and w
38 as he left the hospital yelled back: :•.•-;' .:. «"\ §
« . "Confound it all, I wanted that plaster for another man. There's noth- Sg
O ing the matter with me." 0
ONLY ONE MINE
IN OPERATION
Bunker Hill Works With
Non-Union Men.
Special Dispatch 'to The Call.
/
BOISE;' Idaho,' May IS.— The situation
in the Coeur d'Alenes has been greatly
relieved by the decision .of District
Judge Mayhew in the habeas corpus
cases brought to^ secure the release
from prison of the Commissioners of
Shoshone County, who were arrested
after martial law was declared and
ousted from office.
Judge Mayhew denied every material
contention of the applicants. Their
main hope was based on the contention
that the suspension of habeas corpus
was a right of the legislative branch
of the government rather than the ex
ecutive, unless delegated by the former
in the same manner as other laws are
passed. Mayhew held this to be er
roneous.
Owners or representatives from all
leading Canyon Creek and Mullan
mines are here to-day and will stand
solidly by the State officials. One of
them said: "We furnished these men
work at $3 50 a day when lead was
$2 50 a ton, and we were barely paving
expenses. Now, when we have a chance
for a good profit they close us down by
their unlawful acts, and we feel that
such men do not deserve work."
WARDNER, Idaho, May 18.—
Bunker Hill, which employs non-union
men, is now the only mine running in
the Coeur d'Alene district. The work
of rebuilding the mill is being pushed
night and day. The new prison will be
completed Saturday, and the 395 pris
oners accused of murder, arson, rioting
and stopping United States mails will
be incarcerated there under guard of
United States troops.
WALLACE, Idaho. May Every
mine on Canyon Creek and at Mullan
Is now closed, and a company of United
States troops was to-day sent to each
of these districts to preserve order.
About 200 union miners have left to
day, most of them going to Montana.
THE RILLING OF CAIN.
Bennett's Testimony Shaken by
Cross-Examination.
BAKERSFIELD, May 18.— Jack Ben
nett, the eye-witness in the Brown mur
der case, who told the story of the kill
ing of Cain yesterday, was given a ter
rible cross-examination to-day. He was
under fire all the forenoon and part of
the afternoon. It developed that the writ
ten statement favorable to Brown was
extracted from him while in the hands of
Brown's friends and he said: "I agreed
to swear to that." But when Bennett got
with his father, who lives at Reedley,
Bennett said: "I told him the true story
of the killing, just what I swore here."
Bennett appeared to be afraid of
Brown. He admitted yesterday having
promised Brown that he would tell a dif
ferent story. ' Beyond this the witness'
testimony was unshaken.
The circumstantial testimony is hard
against the prisoner. The question of ad
mitting Cain's dying statement came up
to-day. . .
SCHALLENBERGER'S TOUR.
LOS ANGELES. May 18.— General W. S. !
Schallenberger, Second Assistant Post
master General of the United States, ar
rived in Los Angeles to-day. General
Schallenberger said this afternoon:
"The object of my visit to the Pacific
Coast Is to put myself in touch with the
service in this part of the country in a
way in which it would be impossible for
me to do by correspondence. I shall stop
at all the places where either chief clerks
or superintendents of the railway mail
service are located and get acquainted
with these men. Then in the future when
a communication comes to me relative
to the work In any sections of the West
I will be better able to judge of - the
merits of changes or Improvements which
may be asked for."
— *
FOR A BIOLOGICAL SURVEY.
STANFORD, May 18.— Dr. C. Hart Mer
riam. head of the Biological Survey and
Agricultural Department at Washington,
who will accompany the Harriman expe
dition to the Muir glacier this summer,
has engaged A. G. Maddren, curator of
the museum here, to make a biological
survey of the Yukon River. .
Mr. Maddren has but recently returned
from the Caroline Islands, where he was
looking over the ground for a possible
collecting trip in the near future. He will
leave for Seattle Saturday, where he will
be joined by W. Osgood, a former Stan
ford student, and Dr. Bishop of New Ha
ven, Conn.
They will enter the Skaguay Pass and
work down the river to St. Michael. The
trip will last five months and as many
specimens as possible of the different ani
mals inhabiting this region will be taken
Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
NEW YORK, May 18.-A Colon, Colom
bia, cable to the Sun says: -Advices have
been received here from Costa Rica to
the effect that the relations between that
country and Nicaragua are disturbed
Troops and artillery have been sent to
Port Limon, and guards have been placed
along -the railroad. A detachment of
troops was recently sent to the frontier
of Costa Rica .  uer
Lady Somerset Re-elected.
CHICAGO. May 18.— A cablegram from
Miss Alice Lack. London, to the officers
of the National W. C. T. U., received to
day, announces the re-election of Lady
Henry Somerset to the presidency of the
British W. C. T.U. ■ . • * lne
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
NEW YORK-Arrlved May 18-Stmr' Patrla.
from Hamburg and Boulogne. ■7
GUARDS APPEAL
FOR PROTECTION
Marin County Authori-
ties to Act.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. May 18.—
Death is lurking in the dusty atmos
phere of the jute mill, . and at least
four guards, known to be marked for
the knife of the assassin, are continu
ally on the alert lest the floor of the
old building be stained with their life
blood.
Despite the angry denials of Warden
Hale and Captain Edgar that further
trouble is anticipated another prisoner
deliberately violated a rule of disci
pline to-day, and while being led to
Captain Edgar's office. threw away an
eight-inch dirk of prison make.
The absolute refusal of Captain Ed
gar to throw the ringleaders in the plot
of murder into the dungeon has caused
the guards under the ban of the human
fiends to seek \he aid of Captain Bir
lem in taking precautions for their saf
ety, and yet wh'en Captain Birlem in
formed the Warden of the impending
danger he was dismissed without even
a word of thanks. ■ V .
Driven to a last extremity, the guards ;
have been forced to ask the interference
of the Marin County authorities. Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac arrived from
San Rafael this morning, and made an
investigation by request. He found the
existing conditions so alarming that he
states his intention in case of.the death
of Guard McDonald to arrest "Frisco
Slim," O'Neill, Wilson and Phelan, and
prosecute them as accomplices before
the fact. Not only Is this state of alarm
not overdrawn, but despite his evasions
and denials, Warden Hale was forced
this evening to admit every fact pub- j
lished in to-day's Call, although he in
formed the evening papers that there j
was not a grain of truth in the story/
Captains Birlem and Edgar are per
sonal enemies and never speak except j
on official business, and it is alleged !
by a prominent prison official that the j
reason why Captain Edgar permits the j
guards' lives to be exposed to such |
deadly dangers is that he believes Cap
tain Birlem to be furnishing the papers
with the facts concerning his actions.
Warden Hale has all along been on
Captain Edgar's side and virtually ad
mitted where his sympathies He by
bringing the subject of this enmity up
in an interview this evening.
Dr. Lawlor refuses to say whether or
not his life is in danger, but as for an
alleged interview in an evening paper
wishes it understood that he merely J
declared he was not personally afraid, !
but disliked newspaper publicity be- ;
cause the articles frightened his wife.
At 8:45 o'clock to-night the physi- I
cian pronounced Guard McDonald much" j
better and thought the chances of re- j
covery were about one in two.
DARING EXPEDITION
OF A BRAVE VOLUNTEER
TACOMA. Wash., May 18.— News was
received here to-day from Manila of a
dangerous expedition undertaken last
month by George Harlan or Company X,
First Washington Volunteers. The Waits
burg volunteer undertook to carry a mes
sage to General Lawton through the
country infested with insurgents. He
paddled thirty miles up the river in a
birch canoe, at times pursued by rebels
and narrowly escaped capture. His dar
ing trip resulted successfully, and he was
highly commended.
Freedom, published at Manila, gives
this account: As there had not been any
communication since Lawton's expedition
reached Santa Cruz it was decided to send
a scout with messages to General Law
ton and find if they were all right It was
finally decided to send Harlan in a canoe
as he was familiar with a birch bark long
before he came to the Philippines. But
when one thinks of the lonely trip through
the enemy's lines, a distance of thirty
miles, on strange waters, with nothing
•but a fragile canoe of eighteen inches
width and twelve feet long under him it
brings out the dangers of the trip
Harlan embarked at 6:30 p. m. Sunday
and started up the river to the lake. It
was not so dark but that the sharp-eyed
natives soon discovered him and as he got
out of the river he noticed several canoes
after him. Then there was an exciting
chase, in which the natives were gradual
ly gaining on the. bold scout. When he
saw there was no escape in a straight
run he dodged into a lagoon and crossed
it, but was persistently followed. One
last desperate chance was all that was
left and he took it.
Being now in line between the pursuing
party and a large fish net he was invis
ible to them on account of the darkness.
So he paddled for the net as fast as he
could. On reaching it he broke through
noiselessly and lay down in his canoe
under the friendly shadow. The natives,
never thinking of such a bold trick, sep
arated, three going on each side of him,
Harlan lying safely concealed. •
After resting he shoved out again and
made his way along the shadow of the
land until he got to Santa Cruz. Twice
more he was pursued by armed natives,
but each time succeeded in giving them
the slip. He reported to General Lawton
and was highly praised for his: daring
trip. . .-■ ', •.-...■■:.-.:.'.. -•"-;■'■;•■:
To Fight the Car Combine.
AUBURN, May 18.— A mammoth meet
ing of Placer County. fruit growers has
been called for Saturday, May 20. at 2
p. m., at Newcastle to take some action
toward fighting the refrigerator car com
bine.
Rollicking Airs the Winner.
SAN JOSE, May 18.— At the coursing
to-day Rollicking Airs, owned by J. Hal
ton, got first money and Mercy May, I.
Herrlngton's dog, second. r
SPAULDING IS
UPHELD BY LEO
' ". ": - , '■' ___♦
Pope Approves the Anti-
Pope Approves the Anti-
Expansion Speech.
— ♦ —
WHAT THE BISHOP SAID
WHAT THE BISHOP SAID
—^ —
MADE POWEKFUL PLEA FOB
MADE POWEBFUX PLEA FOB
HUMAN BIGHTS.
♦
Protested Against Shooting Down th*
Protested Against Shooting Down tha
Filipinos Because They Strug
gled to Secure Their
Freedom.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' NEW YORK, May 18.— A cable to
the Journal .from Rome says: The
Pope has expressed his approval of the
anti-expansion speech made by Bishop.
B. _. Spaulding of Peoria at the Chi-^
cago mass-meeting on April 3.
In the address just approved by the
Pope Bishop Spaulding said:
The rise and fall of nations, as of In
dividuals, are determined by moral forces.
We have never looked upon ourselves as
predestined to subdue the earth, to" com-
pel other nations with sword and shell
to submit to our rule.
We have always believed in human
rights. In' freedom and opportunity, in
education and religion, and we have In
vited all men to come and enjoy the bless-
ings in "this half of the world which' God
has gjven us; but we have never dreamed
that they. were articles to be exported
and thrust down unwilling throats at the
point of the bayonet. •■■--■- {,'
We have sympathized with all op
pressed people, with Ireland, Greece, Ar
menia, Cuba; and now the American sol-
dier, who has never shouldered a 8 gun
except in a righteous cause, is sent 10.000
miles across the sea to shoot men whose
real crime is that they wish to be free.
If the inhabitants of -the Philippines came
gladly-, to- throw themselves into our arms
we should refuse to do more than counsel,
guide and protect them until they form
themselves into a stable and independent
government. ' '■'■ .
A war of conquest is in contradiction
with our fundamental principles of gov
ernment; it Is opposed to all our traditions.
The Bishop protested against imper
ialism, and declared that the American
i people were victims of contmercialism.
! He. added: - ■
If it is our destiny to become an em-
pire it is not our destiny to endure as a
republic. When the American people re
! solve not to hold what they never intended
: to take possession of they will have little
i difficulty in solving the Philippine prob
lem. Let them not hearken to the siren
j voice of English flattery.
EUREKA HIGH SCHOOL
GRADUATING EXERCISES
EUREKA. May 18.— The first gradua
tion exercises of the Eureka High School
were held at the Ingomar .Theater this
evening. The place was crowded by the
many friends of the graduates.
The members of the graduating class
were as follows:
Blanche Fenella. Bonstell, Madge Augusta
Casterlln, Lillian Augusta Davis. Mary Evans,
Helen Gertrude Flanigan. Augusta Jane In
skip, Herbert R. Insklp, Alice Graham John
son, Viola Alice Kane. Alfred Dow Long,
Grace Imelda Monroe, Margaret Elolse Murray,
Elizabeth Florence Rose, Gertrude Marie Schal
lert, Frank *_. Thompson, Edith Vermont
Tracy, Joseph Prince Tracy. Chester H. War
ren. Bonita Weaver. Charlotte Reed Weaver,
Corlnne Mabel Wildes, Eleanor Ethel Tracy.
The programme was as follows:
Invocation, Rev. J. H. Wythe; opening ad
dress. Principal G. B. Albee; oration, Frank
L. Thompson; essay, "Caledonia's Bard." Co
rlnne Wildes: music, orchestra; essay. "John
Milton," Margaret Murray: essay. "Historic
Wells," Edith E. Tracy; essay, Viola Kane;
music, orchestra; essay, "Folklore,"
A. Castelin; essay, "The Mission of Poetry,"
Bonita Weaver: oration, "Unselfishness as a
Political Principle," Joseph P. Tracy; music,
orchestra; presentation of diplomas by W. H.
H. Heckman, president of the city Board of
Education. :■_* -/.■--;•-- *??:Y'A;
CAPTAIN TUTTLE
LEAVES THE BEAR
SEATTLE, Wash., May 18.— By reason
of the serious illness of his wife at her
home in Oakland, Captain Francis Tuttle,
commander of the revenue cutter Bear,
has been relieved from a cruise to Bering
Sea this summer. Captain Tuttle expect
ed a letter from Washington this morn
ing containing final orders, but instead
he received news from home; that
prompted . him . to forego his customary
voyage north. He immediately wired -the
department, asking to be placed on wait
ing orders. The favorable reply came
back giving him command of the Golden
Gate at San Francisco, with further in
structions to get the Bear ready for sea,
so that the new commander to be ap
pointed could steam away from Seattle
on -.Tuesday next. Captain Tuttle left
to-night . with , the Bear for Departure
Bay, where she will coal and then return
to this port. '--■:-• "■ '*■-"' -- _:.'* --."■'
An order from Washington to-day de
tached Lieutenant F. M. Dunwoody. ex
ecutive officer of the Bear, and ordered
him to the Guard, now at Friday Har
bor, and one of Captain Tozier's fleet.
Lieutenant Perry was ordered from the
Guard to the Bear.
DEWEY TO LEAVE MANILA
ON SATURDAY MORNING
NEW YORK. May IS.— A cable to the
Journal from Hongkong says: Admiral
Dewey will leave Manila on Saturday
morning, the 20th inst. If all goes well he
will arrive here next Monday morning.:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Z A^^^AV 8
_ J?®\ |
__ _# \ 2
H -|f- \ 70
_! < TO _5J^ <£^f C "71
2 fc_ &JL rpj f" »
Be- ft Pi r?g
u~ 3 $I&jp^%_i - .> m
|'-_llli_Km 1
§ iro_S_iS_l__^_B 2
DOCTOR SWEANY,
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
" lty to weak men. Organs of ] the - body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment. RUPTURE
cured by his new method, without knife, truss
or detention from work; a painless, sure and
permanent cure. VARICOCELE "hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
POISON .*■■ In ' any of its stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIES will re-
ceive special attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge'
for advice by mail. He will also send you a
valuable book. "Guide to Health," free of
charge. \ Address F. L. SWEANY," M. D.. 7M
| Market street, San Francisco, C_L ;.; .AGUINALDO
WEEPS FOR
HIS BLENDER
Sits Crying in His Quarters
Afraid to Surrender to
the Americans.
♦ —
WAR NEARLY ENDED
WAR NEARLY ENDED
— —
The Peace Commissioners From the
Filipino Congress Have Already
Reached Manila.
— • —
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James. Gor-
don Bennett.
- tttfH^mHf- ♦♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦»?■
4- * • .
+ MANILA, May 19.— +
I Philippine Commissioners to ♦
♦ confer with the American Con?- 4
+ missioners regarding the stir- ♦ I
•4 render of Aguinaldo arrived a. !
'+ last night at San Isidro, and ♦
4- are coming to Manila to-day. +
+ The people of Manila are con- -4
•4- fldent that the insurrection is I
+ ending. _
£*♦♦♦♦ ♦ +++++♦♦+ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦ $ '
MANILA, May IS.— (By Carrier
Pigeons from San Isidro and j
Candaba) — Major Kobbe sends i
his official reports to General i
Otis to-day by the Call-Herald
carrier pigeons. • |
Definite peace propositions from the
Filipino Government are imminent.
The Americans positively have entire
control of the situation if the rainy
season does not set in within ten days
and make further military operations
impossible, should the insurgents still
prove intractable.
The purpose of the Filipino leaders
to give up the struggle against Ameri-
can authority was made known by two
delegates of the Filipino Peace Com-
mission, who remained in San Isidro
when it was captured and surrendered
to iwton'a advance guard.
In conversation with American offi
cers they said the Filipino force has
been for the last four days willing to
secure peace on any terms that Gen-
eral Otis might see fit to offer. They
declare that General Lawton, by . his
rapid and' energetic advance from
Balinag, has not allowed their forces a
moment's cessation from fighting. The
delegates added that Aguinaldo him-
self will sue for peace through the
Peace Commission within two days. If
he does not so act the Filipino Govern-
ment will promptly repudiate him. as
four-fifths of the natives are weary of j
war and desire an early ending of hos- I
tilities. .
The Filipino congress voted on May
6 to name a peace commission, which,
finally made up, consists of Buertca
mino, Del Pilar, Arguelles, Torres,
I'amprenos, Paterno and Herrera.
These delegates had intended to pro
ceed to General's Lawton's headquar
ters to begin negotiations for a pacific
settlement, but the American attack on
San Isidro caused them to take Might
to the northward. The two who re
mained here and surrendered assure
the Americans that the others will re
turn to San Isidro to-morrow to carry
out the original designs.
It is stated that Aguinaldo fled from
the town day before yesterday. He is
now reported to be at Cabanatuan,
eighteen miles north of San Isidro. The
whereabouts of General Gregorio del
Pilar is unknown. It is only certain
that he has gone northward.
Major Kobbe's brigade is moving
steadily northward on the way to make
& Junction with Lawton. Kobbe took the
town of Candaba this morning without
meeting any opposition.
Captain Grant, who commands the
flotilla of convoying gunboats, steamed
ahead of the other vessels with the
Laguna de Bai. Upon reaching the
town, which lies upon the right bank of
the Rio Grande, he found white flags
flying from all the windows. A native
school teacher who could speak Eng
lish came down to the river bank and
offered to surrender the town to the
American commander. He said that
the insurgent Governor of the place
and most of the inhabitants had fled
Into the bush to 'escape the Americans.
He sent out a messenger, who called
the frightened natives back, large num
bers of them returning.
Soon after the capture of the town
fifty cascos, loaded with natives and
their belongings, came floating down
the river. The people were returning
to their homes down the river. The
residents of Candaba say they are sat
isfied with the insurgent government.
but admit that they have not the
strength to resist the American army.
Two Spanish prisoners who have Just
arrived here from Neuva Civaka say
Aguinaldo has lost prestige with the
rebel army, which is described as be
ing completely demoralized, short of
food, suffering from disease, afraid of
the Americans and rapidly dissolving
kinto bands of pillagers. The prisoners
add that Generals Gregorio del Pilar
and Luna are the only influential Fili
pinos who are continuing resistance to
the Americans.
Aguinaldo's personal retinue was re
cently relieved of its baggage and mon
ey while on the way rrom San Isidro
to Cebanatan by marauders. -The Chi
nese are being victimized everywhere
by both rebels and looters.
ncamino, a prominent Fillnino
leader who was friendly to Spain and
Joined in the- compromise arrangement
whereby the Spaniards had hoped .to
conciliate the leaders without sacrific
ing too much, is reported as saying that
Aguinaldo Bits indoors crying, blames
himself for the miserable condition of
the country and is afraid to surrender.
-m
ALGER IS SANGUINE
THE END IS NEAR
Does Not Think the Tagallos Leader
Is Playing for Peace This
Time.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington. May 18.
4- Secretary Alger said this after- +
4 noon: "I am very much grati- -4
4- fled over the news from General 4
4 Otis. Heretofore I have not been -f
4 sanguine that the peace over- 4
4- tures of the Filipinos were gen- 4
-4 vine, but now I am convinced 4
•* they are in earnest and that this 4
♦- marks the beginning of the end. -♦•
4 These" people have been driven 4
4 from their very last ditch and 4
4 there is nothing left for them ex- -4
ih cept to surrender. I. think the rf
CAREY CASTLE, THE RESIDENCE
OF THE GOVERNOR OF VICTORIA,
DESTROYED BY FIRE YESTERDAY
VICTORIA, B. C, May IS.— Carey
Castle, the picturesque residence of
Lieutenant Governor Thomas R.
Mclnnes, which, with its circular
J tower and ancient looking battle-
ments. has been looked upon as one
of the landmarks of British Columbia,
was destroyed by fire this morning.-
A roaring furnace of fierce flame raged
for hours, rapidly eating up the romantic
looking and historic pile, which since the
early sixties, before the days of Confed
4- action of Aguinaldo is due in ♦
4- large measure to the fact that 4
-- his people have heard of the 4
-- ■ good intentions of the. United -f
+ States" and have at last become ♦
4- convinced that this Government 4
-- means to treat them with justice. 4
4 I believe the end is very near." -4
NEW YORK, May 18.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Satisfied that favorable re
sults will follow the meeting of the
Filipino emissaries with the American
Commission the authorities are specu
lating upon the terms Aguinaldo's
agents will ask. If it be for a cessation
of hostilities it will be immediately
answered in the negative, and General
Otis will reply further that uncondi
tional surrender must precede any con
cessions made by the Americans. What
Is regarded as more probable is that
an effort will be made to obtain special
terms for Aguinaldo and his immediate
chiefs.
"They will not be granted," said an
official with whom I talked. "Aguin
aldo and his chiefs will be treated like
other Filipinos. They will meet the
same consideration that will be given
the ordinary Filipinos, and no more.
If Aguinaldo is dissatisfied he will be
exiled and not allowed to return to the
islands until he is willing to- obey the
laws as other natives will do."
Officials of the War Department have
no idea that the dispatch of the new
commission to Manila by Aguinaldo is
for the purpose of gaining time. When
Colonel Arguelles first came to Manila
to propose peace the American forces
continued their operations,' and while
there may be no active advance during
the coming negotiations scouting par
ties now out will reconnoiter the coun
try in advance of McArthur and Law
ton, in order that they may continue
their advance.
The flight of the rebels to Tarlac ef
, fectually prevents their capture by the
closing in of Lawton's and Mac Arthur's
j columns, Tarlac being twenty-five
; miles to the northwest of San Isidro,
where Lawton has established his ad
! quarters, and about thirty-five miles to
> the northward of San Fernando, where
t General Mac Arthur's column is en
-1 trenched. But while it has been found
: impossible to bottle up the insurgent
army, their reduction from 9000 to 2500
i men shows the number of desertions
j which have occurred, due to the effect
i of the irresistible advance of the Am
; erican troops. It is expected that
Aguinaldo, concerning whose where
abouts the first definite information
was received from General Otis to-day,
will move with the men under his im
| mediate command and effect a junction
with the force at Tarlac. to be ready
j for the result of the conference to take
I place at Manila to-morrow.
General Otis was notified to-day not
to send home any of the tents with
which the volunteer troops have been
equipped. They will be retained for
the regulars, who are to relieve the
volunteers. The action of the depart
ment is in anticipation of the early
home-coming of the volunteers, all of
whom will be at San Francisco, it is
expected, within two months from the
time the first. troops leave.
There is no absolute information at
the War Department concerning the
i present strength of the American forces
under Mac Arthur, Lawton and Kobbe
which have been operating against the
insurgents north of Manila. The num
ber of men if each organization were up
to its maximum strength would be
16,500, but it is doubtful if their strength
totals 11,000 men. Mac Arthur's troops.
except one regiment, are volunteers.
All of Kobbe's men are regulars, re
cently arrived. Three of the six regi
ments under Lawton are also regulars.
There is one radical difference between
the volunteer and regular organization.
Losses in the former are permanent.
while the gaps in the ranks of the reg
ulars are being constantly filled by new
recruits. It is estimated that Mac A
rthur now has about 4500 men for ac
tive service; Lawton about 5000 and
Kobbe 1500.
General. Otis cabled the War Depart
ment to-day as follows:
MANILA, May Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Representatives of the
insurgent Cabinet and of Aguinaldo, who
Is in the mountains twelve miles north
of San Isidro, which was abandoned on
the 15th Inst., will send a comrriissiou to
morrow to seek terms of peace.
The majority of the force confronting
Mac Arthur at San Fernando has retired
to Tarlac, tearing up two miles of rail
way. This force has decreased to about
2500. ':■' "■-'''■'"■
Scouting parties and detachments are
moving to-day in various directions.
Kobbe Is on the Rio Grande. A great ma
jority of the inhabitants of the provinces
over which the troops have moved are
anxious for peace, and are supported by
members of the- insurgent Cabinet, The
aspect of affairs at* present Is favorable.
One Charge Dismissed.
SAN JOSE, May 18— The charge of em
bezzling $300 from the Christopher Faull
estate against S. B. Terrill, the attorney
who was brought back from Arizona to
answer was dismissed to-day by Justice
Wallace. The complaint had been x ille
gally drawn and was sworn to by one
who had no Interest in the matter Ter
rill has yet to answer to two indictments
by the Grand Jury on similar charges.
A young woman dentist who was
called in by the Sultan of Turkey to
look after the teeth of his favorites
relates her experiences in the harem,
in next Sunday's Call. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ; MAY 19, 1899.
! eration, has been the home of the Gover
| nors of British Columbia. The cause
ascribed is the same as given for six of
the seven fires which have occurred there
since the occupation of the castle— four
being in the time of the present Lieuten
[ ant Governor— defective chimneys.
The blaze this morning was discovered
by the private secretary, T. R. E. Mc
lnnes, who telephoned to the fire depart
■ ment. The firemen hurried to the hilltop.
j but were unable to save anything but the
AFFAIRS OF ROSE
RATHER TANGLED
?
Estate Left by the Late
Senator.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. May IS.— The estate of
! the late Senator L. J. Rose, who died
from the effects of morphine, self-admin
.lstered, in this city yesterday morning,
Is mortgaged to the full limit.- Henry
O'Melveney, the attorney, who Is a
' nephew of the late Senator and was also
' his adviser, says that if the estate could
have been disposed of at its full cash
value it would • have extinguished ali
; debts, while the residue would have fur
j nished a competency for" the declining
I years -of the Senator. The income of the
j property was not sufficient to meet taxes;'
interest and Insurance...^ ■•;.,',
The estate covered by mortgage con
sists principally of the Rosemead stock
ranch, a highly Improved tract of nearly
a thousand acres, situated in the San
; Gabriel valley between the village of
San Gabriel and Savanna; a half interest
:in a lot on Third street, between Hill
and Broadway, owned jointly with J. B.
Lankershlm; seventeen and a half acres
of unimproved real estate on West First
street, adjacent to the oil fields; real es
tate in Ventura County, Improved and
unimproved, valued at from $30,000 to
$40,000, and the family residence at Fourth
street and Grand avenue, which cost
! about $100,000. This latter property be-
I longs to Mrs. Rose, but she signed notes
j jointly with her husband, and the home-
I stead Is included in the mortgages.
I The Rosemead ranch is the most val
uable piece of property owned by the
, estate, and If It can be sold to advantage
something may yet be saved out of the
; wreck for the benefit of the family. . It is
not known whether Rose left a will, and
as yet no steps have been taken to ad
; minister upon the estate. Friends of the
deceased Incline to the belief that if busi
ness methods are applied to the compli
cated affairs of the estate, and if the
| creditors will not attempt to wind up the
1 affairs by undue haste, the estate may
j be enabled to pay dollar for dollar and
j leave a fair income for the widow, who is
j an invalid and on the verge of total blind
ness. . :.v ■'•
Funeral services will be held at the
family residence. Grand avenue and
Fourth street, to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock. The interment will be in Ever
green Cemetery. * ."
BOOM FOR OLIVES
GROWN NEAR MARYSVILLE
If Proper Concessions Are Made a
Large Pickling Plant Will Be
Erected.
MARYSVILLE, May IS.— the already
large canning and packing interests of
this section there is a good prospect for
the addition of an olivo pickling plant
that will give employment to a large num
ber of people during the season. If a
proposition wh'-h Manager Ehmann of
the Ehmann On ye- Company has submit
ted to the citizens of this place meets
their approval Marysville will be the site
of the plant.
His company owns a- twenty-acre tract
of olives in Colema Colony, four miles
south of this city, now nine years old, the
product from which in part will form its
pack the coming season.
Manager Ehmann states that his com
pany will shortly be ready to begin the
erection of its plant, and if the proper
facilities are afforded his people In the
shape of a lot he will locate the same at
this place. The company proposes to give
the proper assurance concerning the
amount of goods to be turned out each
season. .
Last year the Ehmann Company han
dled the crop from the Fogg olive grove of
forty acres, situated near Oroville. • This
year it expects to handle at least 30,000
gallons of the fruit. .
Mr. Ehmann says the company's pack is
eagerly sought for. One Eastern com
pany handling such goods has offered to
take the entire output this season, be it
little or much, provided it be allowed to
place the goods on the market under its
own brands. This Mr. Ehmann has de
clined to do, desiring to preserve the dig
nity of his brands. He says the pack
made in future will carry as well the
name of the locality where they are put
In view of the fact that there is now in
course of construction a large packing
house in Yuba City for Rosenberg Bros.
of San Francisco and the splendid pros
pect of an Immense season for the can
neries, It is safe to predict that the pres
ent summer will see more people em
ployed here than at any time in the his
tory of Yuba County.
FIRE ON ECHO MOUNTAIN.
PASADENA, May 18.— The sight of a
column of smoke rising from a canyon
on the west of Echo mountain near Al
pine tavern late this afternoon spread
consternation among the Inhabitants of
Pasadena, The authorities of the Mount
Lowe Railway Company are preparing to
Investigate the blaze and do all that can
be done to put out the fire. Many are
preparing to leave for the mountains to
fight the fire if necessary. -
The several conflagrations of the past
year have denuded, much of the moun
tain sides of their timber and > caused
great injury to the water supply of Pasa
dena, and as this is bo dry a year great
anxiety exists. . - ,
west and most recently, added wing— the
ball and reception room.
. Of the remainder of the castle nothing
now remains but some tumbling and
ragged looking walls bounding a big
mass of still smoldering debris. The
building is a complete wreck.
The destroyed castle was built ln 1859 by
G. H. Carey for the then crown colony
at a cost of $36,000. There was no insur
ance. Mrs. Mclnnes will also be a heavy
loser. Besides the household effects she
lost all her diamonds and jewels.
CHINESE FORM
A BIG TRUST
Oriental Merchants at
Work on the Scheme.
— • —
♦ — ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May IS.— Some of
the "most influential Oriental merchants
, are now working on a" scheme which is
i simply gigantic in its scope and one
! which undoubtedly will attract attention
In all parts of the American continent.
It is to form companies in every- city of I
consequence in the United States, Canada
and Australia, which will attempt to con- j
trol Chinese capital in order to promote i
and control Oriental industries. .
When Kang, the Chinese reformer, was
in Vancouver, he outlined the scheme to
a number of prominent Chinese and his
ideas were quickly acted upon. Interpre
ter Cum Vow, who is in the scheme, said
In "regard to it to-day:
"We have, no doubts about its success.
Our plan Is to give the Chinese a chance
to invest their money in this country and
to further all Chinese Industries. There
are at present 5,000,000 Chinese in Canada,
Australia and the United States, and they
; will all, we think, go into the scheme. As
! soon as our company Is formed here we
! will send out our agents and form com
• panics in every city of any size in Can
! Ada, the United States and Australia. We
( expect to issue altogether about $60,000,000
i worth of stock. With the formation of
I the companies accomplished and the
stock Issued they will be brought under
one management with headquarters pos
sibly In Vancouver. Then a banking In-
stitution will be formed and investments
ln Chinese industries will be made on an
immense scale. Snares of the immense
trust will sell at $1 each, and already
several thousand dollars' worth have
been bought here by men who are making
only $1 a day."
The promoters, who are nearly all
wealthy men, are: Yip Sang, Hip Tuck
Lung. Charlie Yip Yen, Sam Kee, Dr.
Lvi, Lee Yuen and XV. A. Cum Vow.
A meeting will be held on Friday even
ing to elect officers. As soon as this Is
done agents will be appointed ln all parts
of Canada, the United States and Aus
tralia.
Rang, the Chinese reformer and refu
gee, who originated the scheme. Is said to
have invested a quarter of a million in it.
Chinatown is much excited over the
project and every Celestial In the city Is
said to be eager to purchase stock.
The whole concern Is simply an im
mense trust, although the promoters are
loth to acknowledge It.
Operations of the trust will not be con-
fined to Chinese Industries, aa it Is pro
posed to build steamers to run to China
and possibly construct a railway line in
Mexico. ________________ -.7*.
ATTORNEY GRADY IN
CONTEMPT OF COURT
Abuses a Magistrate in Court, Fights
a Policeman and Lands in
Jail.
FRESNO. May IS.— ln the Police Court
to-day. during the trial of Mrs. Rena
BroWn, a lodging-house keeper, W. D.
Grady, an attorney, was committed to
jail for contempt of court by Recorder
Cosgrave. The court also imposed a fine
of $25, which, however, the attorney has
not yet paid.
At the beginning of the trial the wit
nesses in the courtroom were put under
the rule excluding them when not on the
stand. Grady, who was attorney for the
defendant, insisted on having the names
of the witnesses so excluded called out in
open court. His request was denied, and
he became obstreperous, whereupon the
Recorder postponed the case and ordered
Grady committed.
Policeman L. B. Timmins arose to exe
cute the order of the court, but he had
no sooner laid his hand on Grady's
shoulder than the attorney struck him In
the face. A lively scuffle ensued, in which
Grady came out second best. He was
thrown to the floor and searched, with
the assistance of other officers, and a re
volver was taken from his hip pocket.
He was then taken to the lockup.
Grady spent the night behind the
bars, In spite of the efforts of
friends to secure his release. It
is understood that he will be liberated at
10 o'clock to-morrow morning, the hour
set for the trial to proceed.
JOHNSON CONCLUDES
ARGUMENT ON THE NOTE
And Now the Celebrated Murdock
Case Is Before the
Jury. '. ■'■■:.
WILLOWS. May Grove L. Johnson
closed his argument in the Murdock case
at 3:40 this afternoon. Y-Y'Y ,
i Hundreds of. people were unable to get
inside the courtroom, as the argument of
Johnson of yesterday had spread through
out the county, and people from all over
the county came in to-day to hear his
closing ' speech, which was the greatest
flow of eloquence ever listened to in Wil
lows. . • \
Judge Pirkey was twenty minutes read
ing his instructions to the Jurors, and at
5 o'clock the Sheriff took them to the Jury
room. It has been the general opinion for
'the past week that the jury would not
agree, and - it Is now predicted that the
Jury will stand seven to five in favor of
the note.
RIGHTS OF
OUTLANDERS
RECOGNIZED
Oom Paul Ready to Grant a
Limited Degree of
Suffrage.
— ♦ —
A FIRST CONCESSION
A FIRST CONCESSION
- ♦ —
Large Party in Africa Trying to
Urge the British Govern'
ment to Act.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ t~+ + ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
4- ♦
4- ♦
4- PRETORIA, Transvaal Repub- 4
-- lie, May 18.— President Kruger's 4
-- reform proposals have been pre- -f
4- sented to the Raad. They sug- . ♦
4- gest that the franchise be con- 4
-- ferred on aliens five years after -f
4- eligibility to • the second Raad, +
4- instead of ten years after such 4
-- eligibility, as Is now the case, 4
-4 thus making a nine years' resi- 4
-- dence in the Transvaal necessary 4
4 to qualify for a full franchise. 4
4- +
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
NEW YORK, May 18.— dispatch to
the Commercial Advertiser from Lon
don says: A considerable part of the
current agitation in both London and
in the Transvaal Is concocted to force
the imperial Government to more ex
treme measures than it thinks wise.
The Government hopes that the recent
dispatch of Joseph Chamberlain, the
Colonial Secretary, which was a strong
remonstrance, not an ultimatum, and
the approaching conferences of Presi-
dent Kruger and Sir Alfred Milner,
Governor of Cape Colony and High
Commissioner of South Africa, will
bring about reforms in the extension of
the franchise to Outlanders and of the
independence of the courts from Boer
influence.
These are virtually the demands of a
fair-minded majority of the Outland-
ers. France and Germany tacitly ap-
prove them.
The extreme party in Johannesburg
and London is urging the Government
to threaten force, perhaps by the dis-
patch of reinforcements, to Africa, to
secure these and other reforms. Other-
wise the extremists believe that the
negotiations will be without result. The
extremists have influential representa
tives here and in Africa vigorously and
privately pressing the Government and
public opinion through the newspapers.
Cecil Rhodes has some share in these
efforts. If the Government fails to get
the extremists' desires some prefer to
see the conferences miscarry. The Gov
ernment is-informed that in reality the
reported plot is connned, however, to
turbulent and irresponsible men. There
lis no present evidence that implicates
the extremist, leaders.
AN ARABIAN WHO
PASSES BAD MONEY
Mansour Zerour Arrested for Ped
dling Without a License and
Held as a Counterfeiter.
SALINAS, May 18.— Mansour Zerour, an
Arabian, who was at the Midwinter Fair
at San Francisco, has been jailed for
peddling without a license, which, how-.
ever, is simply to hold him preparatory
to filing a more serious charge. He trav
els from town to town ostensibly to sell
his wares, but as the facts seem to mdi
cate for the important though risky busi
ness of distributing counterfeit money.
I Last Saturday he was in Bsadley and
commenced his work, when he was arrest-
ed and convicted for the offense stated.
During the trial the following facts came
to light: %': - ■•*••■'< *v- -
Zerour passed through this part of the
country a year ago and while in Bradley
he passed a counterfeit sliver dollar and
two half-dollars upon Station Agent Law
son. The victim said nothing, but when
Zerour appeared this time he went for
the peddler and threatened to have him
arrested If he did not give him good
money for the spurious coin passed a year
ago. Zerour readily compiled and handed
out genuine silver for the bogus coin.
Lawson then had the fellow watched, and
when he was tried told of the circum
stances. When Zerour was searched the
old bogus coin which he received from
Lawson and several new bright counter
feit dollars and half-dollars were found
in his possession. Letters and other arti
cles were also found on his person which
were sent to the United States Marshal
at San Francisco by Sheriff Farley and
may furnish a clew to the counterfeiter's
mint. Zerour claims to be a member of
the firm of Hedssldder & Zerour, 106 Na-
toma street, San Francisco.
ELECTED MODERATOR OF
PRESBYTERIAN ASSEMBLY
Dr. B. F. Sample of New York De-
feats Dr. It. E. Coyle of Oak-
land for the Honor.
MINNEAPOLIS, May 18.— Rev. Dr. R.
F. Sample of Westminster Church, New
York, was elected moderator of the one
hundred and eleventh annual assembly
of the Presbyterian church in the United
States, which convened in Westminster
Church to-day.
Immediately after rollcall in the after
noon the election of a moderator was
taken up, and Dr. Sample was elected on
the first ballot, receiving 338 votes, 300
being necessary to a choice, to 127 for the
Rev. Mattheas Haines of the First
Church, Indianapolis, and 133 for the Rev.
Dr. R. E. Coyle of Oakland. Cal. The
contest was a spirited one, and Dr. Sam
ple's election Is regarded as a triumph for
the conservative element.
Rev. John Dlnsmore. in the most elo
quent of all nominating speeches, put for
ward Rev. Dr. R. E. Coyle of Oakland.
Cal., who was regarded as the liberal can
didate." Rev. Mr: Dlnsmore described Dr.
Coyle's merits and begged the assembly
once more to name a moderator from the
Pacific Coast, which felt Itself isolated
and in need of the inspiration that would
flow from such a choice. It took almost
an hour to take the ballot-
John Balcom Shaw, a director of the
Union Theological Seminary, in which Dr.
Arthur C. McGlffert is a professor, cow
firms the statement that Dr. McGlffert
has sent a letter anent the so-called
heresy case. It Is believed that this letter
contains a satisfactory explanation of Dr.
McGlff ert's statements about the Lord's
Supper in his book, "The Christian
Church in the Apostolic Age," and that
therefore no heresy proceedings will be
taken against him. '".".'.['.:■<■' ■•
EQUALIZERS AT WORK.
MARYSVILLE, May 18.— O. Toland
and A. Brown, members of the State
Board of Equalization, arrived In town
at noon to-day. This afternoon they were
examining the records of the estates of
deceased persons. They will reach the as
sessment rolls of the county before leav
ing for Sutter and Butte counties.
"Dick" Beamer and Lou Brown, the
other members of the board, are at work
in Colusa County,
STRIKE OF
POSTMEN
OF PARIS
Failure of the Senate to
Raise Wages the Cause
Raise Wages the Cause
of the Trouble.
of the Trouble.
——* —
SOLDIERS SENT OUT
SOLDIERS SENT OCT
— *z—
Men Unfamiliar With the Streets
Men Unfamiliar With the Streets
Guided by the Police While
Delivering Letters.
— ♦
.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Special Cable- to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ; 1599, . by James. Gor-
don Bennett.
PARIS, May 18.— French author
ities are certainly forbearing*. All Paris
has been upset by the postmen's strike,
but it is announced that all will be
forgiven and forgotten if the men will
return to work to-morrow. { It remains
to be seen whether- they will be eaually
obliging, but the Government assures
us that all will be well in any case.
The whole trouble arises from the
system of centralization prevailing
here. All letters are received at the
central postofhce, where they are sort
ed according to streets. • Then carriers.
each with his allotted share, are sent
off to their respective districts in spe
cial omnibuses. The consequence is !
that a few men are able to paralyze the
service from the start.
The forty sorters who arrived at the
main office in Rue de Louvre, this
morning, knew the Senate had rejected
the proposal to increase their magnifi
cent starting salary of $200 a year by
$40, and they were up in arms. . Four
hundred odd carriers readily listened
to the voice of the tempter, and by the
time the postal service ought to have
been in full swing there were 2000 muti
neers. It must be mentioned that the
postmen begin at" $200 a year, with a
possibility of reaching $300. and they
also receive $30 for rent and $10 for
shoe leather.
It was rather amusing to see red
trousered soldiers laden with mail bags.
distributing letters which the postmen
refused to carry, each under the es
cort of a pompous policeman with a
bayonet at his side.
Unkind people said that the escort.
which was for protection, was really
to show the way to the garrison of
Paris, consisting chiefly of raw country
lads, who don't know one street from
anothe*r.
Soldiers of the line did not have* a
monopoly of the work, however, for
municipal guards, half soldiers and
half police, were called out to protect
the postotnce.
There is balm in Gilead. however, for
a review which .was to be held to
morrow was postponed, for which re
lief the "Pioupiou" is truly grateful.
One leading bank, the Societe Gen
erale, wired 300 branches to communi
cate by telegraph until further orders.
The loss to business interests. is esti
mated at something like $3,000,000. and
bankers are praying earnestly for the
end of the strike, though they have
suffered less than the great dealers at
the general markets, who had perish
able commodities left on .heir hands.
PROMISE OF SOME
RECOUNTS AT STOCKTON
Several Republicans Beaten at the
Recent Election Make Charges of
Fraud at the Polls.
" STOCKTON, May 18.— The political situ
ation was warmer to-day than before the
election. There is much talk of frauds
and perversions of the intent of the elec
tion law by Boards of Election. It is
claimed that the Republican ticket, as a
result of factional differences, had few
active friends on the Election Boards,
and these allowed the Democrats to dic
tate all the decisions on the points raised.
It was definitely decided to-night to be
gin a contest on behalf of Fred M. Rowe,
the Republican nominee for Assessor,
who on the face of the unofficial returns
lost by thirty-four votes. It Is claimed
that in one precinct alone 'fifteen Repub
lican'ballots were thrown out on trifles.
It is also said sensational affidavits will
be filed. Of course many make state
ments at random which they will not
swear to when It comes to the. scratch:
but there seems to be evidence at hand
justifying a recount. After Rowe's con
test It Is expected that Washington
Tucker, who lost the office of Street Su
perintendent on the face of the unofficial
returns by 112, will follow with a contest,
and probably John Yardley. Republican
candidate for the Council in the First
Ward, will demand a recount.
_.
GIRL STUDENTS ARE
INJURED BY EXPLOSION
While Blending Chemicals at the
Sutter City High School a Mis-
Sutter City High School a Mis-
hap Occurs.
MARYSVILLE, May While making
experiments in the laboratory of the Sut
ter City High School yesterday afternoon
Miss Jennie Howlett and Miss Annie
Lisle, members of the class In chemistry,
had narrow escapes from serious injury.
As It Is Miss Howlett's hands are badly
cut and Miss Llsle's eyes are affected.
Both are under the doctor's treatment.
It appears that the young ladles were
making -a mixture of potassium chlorate
and sulphur -in order to produce oxidation
of the sulphur. Through. carelessness too
much of one of the compounds was used
with the result that there was an explo
sion, which wrecked the appliances In the
room and sent fragments of glass,' etc.,
in all directions. Some of the mixture
got into Miss Lisle's eyes.
The physician found it necessary to bind
several "arteries in Miss Howlett's left
hand. The thumb of her right hand had
the nail torn completely off.
DESIRELLO WILL NOW
GET OUT ON BONDS
There Is Trouble in Convicting the
Officer Who Killed James
Johnston.
REDWOOD CITY, May 18.— In the Su
perior Court to-day an order was made
releasing Fred Deslrello, accused of the
murder of James Johnston, on bonds In
the sum of $5000. Deslrello has been tried
once for the murder of the boy, the jury
failing to agree. •
There was no objection made by the
District Attorney to the granting of the
release upon ball, he admitting that there
was no evidence of malice In the killing.
Bondsmen have not been procured, but
probably the prisoner will- be released to
morrow. The matter will be called up
on next Thursday for the purpose of hav
ing the time for another, trial set. The
case will not be retried before July. : r. :
Death of a Veteran Fireman.
SONOMA, May 18.— T. M. Dunn, one of
Sonoma Valley's oldest residents, died
this morning- from heart failure. Dunn
was 65 years of age and leaves a large
family of grown children. He was one
of the original volunteer firemen banded
in New "_ oris City, in tne early, forties,
AJDVHETISEMENTS.
■___ i 9 B*_H_f(-„ __: __
MynyojfT
Big Week.
14,851
14,851
INHALERS SOLD
Druggists Unable to Keep Up With the
Druggists Unable to Keep Up With the
Demand— What They Say:
One Druggist says : "Send me three more
gross of the Inhalers. Sold four dozen yes-
terday, and the demand increasing."
Another says: "Munyon's Inhaler is all
Another says: "Munyon's Inhaler is all
right. We have never had an article in
our establishment which gave greater sat-
isfaction."
Still another adds : "I am simply sur-
Still another adds: "I am simply sur-
prised at the enormous sales of Munyon's
Inhalers."
One Market-street druggist remarked:
One Market-street druggist remarked:
"In my fifteen years' experience I have
never seen any proprietary article which sold
so readily and which is so highly praised."
A Kearny-street druggist writes : "Send
A Kearny-street druggist writes : "Send
us as many Inhalers as you can spare. We
have sold 950 this week, and have not been
able to supply the demand for the past three
days."
MUNYON'S INHALER.
MUNYON'S INHALER.
A Common-Sense Cure for Catarrh,
Grip, Asthma, Bronchitis, Diph-
theria and All Throat
Troubles.
Clouds of medicated vapor are Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, having cleansed and vaporized all the
; diseased parts. A sense of relief Is felt at
I once. Doctors indorse it. Everybody praises
PUBLIC EXHIBITIONS
Will be continued in the following drut
stores:
NO PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.,
DRUGGISTS.
949-951 Market St., next to Hale Bros.
G. LEIPNITZ & CO.,
G. LEIPNITZ & CO.,
Druggists, Deutsche Apotheke,
250-252 Sutter St., cor. Grant aye., S. _*.
■ -
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.,
DRUGGISTS,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco, Ca_
FERRY DRUG CO.,
FERRY DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
8 Market St., San Francisco*
THE GRANT DRUG CO.,
THE GRANT DRUG CO.,
3S and 40 Third St., cor Stevenson.
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
1128 Market st., San Francisco.
Broadway and Tenth .st., Oakland,
320 South Spring St., Los Angele*.
S. A. M'DONNELL'S
S. A. M'DONNELL'S '
PHARMACY.
Drugs. Wholesale and Retail, v
106, 108 and 110 Grant aye., S. F., C_L
EDWIN W. JOY,
EDWIN W. JOY,
Druggist and Analytical Chemist,
Cor. California and Kearny sts., S. P.
Successor to L. R. Ellert.
H. G. GERDES,
H. G. GERDES,
Druggist and Chemist— Deutsche Apotheke,
Cor. Pine and Kearny sts., S. F.
THE BALDWIN PHARMACY,
THE BALDWIN PHARMACY,
119 and 121 Ellis st.. Press Club building.
WAKELEE & COMPANY,
WAKELEE & COMPANY,
Under Occidental Hotel, Bush and Montgom-
ery sts.; Branch, Sutter and Polk sts.
IN OAKLAND:
IN OAKLAND:
*
OSGOOD BROS.,
852-854-856-858 Broadway, cor. Seventh st.
OWL DRUG CO.,
OWL DRUG CO.,
Broadway and Tenth st.
Polite attendants will be on duty all day
and evening to answer questions and demon-
strate Its value. Everybody Invited to give
this inhaler a free trial. No trouble to show.
You are welcome to a treatment whether you
purchase or not. . .
The Demand Is Greater
The Demand Is Greater
Than the Supply.
Three factories are kept busy man-
ufacturing them. Cured Persons tell
I Their Friends, and so the sale in-
creases day by day.
Cast Aside All Other Remedies.
If you have a Cold, try it. If you
If you have a Cold, try it. If you
have the Grip! try it. If you have
Catarrh, try it. If you have Sore
Throat, try it. If you have a Cough,
try it. If you have any throat or
lung trouble, try it.
All druggists sell them, or mailed
to any address for SI. This includes
all necessary medicine.
HOW MUNYON CURES THE SICK.
His RHEUMATISM CURE cures Sciatica,
Lumbago and . all rheumatic . pains. His. DYS-
PEPSIA CURE cures all stomach troubles.
His KIDNEY CURE cures 90 per cent of all
Kidney Complaints. His COLD CURE quickly
breaks up a cold and prevents Diphtheria and
Pneumonia. His HEADACHE CURE cures
every form of Headache in from three to seven
minutes. His other remedies are equally effi-
cacious.
Personal letters answered, with free medical
advice for any disease. Guide to Health free.
Munyon's H. H. F* Co., 1505. Arch st,. P_U_-
34
WINTER WORK Of
THE KLONDIKERS
Wide Area of Good Pay
Claims in Vicinity of
Dawson.
Thousands of Men Now Laboring
Thousands of Men Now Laboring
Industriously fllong the
Various Creeps.
BY SAM W. WALL.
Sneclal Correspondence of The Call
DAWSON. April 7.— That part of the
big crowd that came down this big and
uncertain river la.st rprlng and summer
saw Dawson, heard the complaint that
"everything is staked" and passed on. has
worked out the result that most people
expected it to work out. Several ambi
tious towns have been born farther down,
an old town or two have been revived and
creeks and creeks and creeks— a hundred
of them, many hitherto unheard of— have
found queer names for themselves and
been given strange places on strange, be
wildering maps. But the men who scaled
the glaciers or climbed the divides breast
deep with snow, hauling their sleds after
them Into regions to them unknown, have
ln very many cases come back this spring
triumphant.
So, from all along the river as far down
as Seventy Mile at least the blithe spring
air breathes deep satisfaction. Nothing
very sensational has been developed, but
there is a wide area of "good pay" located
and with that the miner is disposed to be
very hopeful, with a hope that scales up
ward till it becomes jubilant with some
(who have not been well accustomed to
good pay) and back again to mere con
tent with others— who have seen much of
the ounce-to-the-pan diggings of the
Klondike without being able to locate
any such for themselves. To these, how
ever, the difference In the size of the
claim on the different sides of the line
brings compensation.' The. miners on each
creek on the American side have the right
to fix the size of the claim within the
maximum of the law, but In almost all
of them the law of the books (1320x**t*O
feet) is the' law of the creeks in this re
gard, and .the man is considered difficult
to please who. finding twenty acres of 10
--cent gravel which he may claim as his
own for a recording fee of $2 50, still re
mains unhappy.
A great number of creeks, old and new.
have during the- past winter discovered
pay streaks of this quality, ranging from
3 to SO cents a. pan, through extensive
areas, and a new impulse has been given
to the entire region.
Saving nothing just here of Circle City
or below, there are three points at which
prospectors have centered and from which
they have radiated back Into the hills.
These are Forty Mile, at the mouth of
Forty Mile River, fifty-six miles below
Dawson, Eagle City, fifty-four miles be
low Forty Mile, and Seventy Mile, twenty
miles low Eagle. With an Immense re
gion back of these places, veined with
hundreds of creeks, most of them
now known to be gold bearing, each has
Its banner creek of which It boasts. At
Forty Mile Creek they conjure with Jack
Wade, at Eagle City Slate Creek is the
word and at Seventy Mile Flume. Of
these Jack Wade has within the past
few weeks become pre-eminent. The
find there rises out of the common level of
"3 to 10 cent pans" that has, In reputa
tion, spread Itself hitherto over all that
vast region Indefinitely spoken of as
"the American side," like a statue to
Croesus in Poverty Flat. Forty Mile
stands, geographically, but one remove
from Dawson, however, and in such close
companionship with Gold Hill It takes
much to excite its neople. . A few days
ago six ana were taken out of a hole in
No. S below upper discovery on Jack
Wade running in succession as follows:
$3 20. $1 20, $2, $6, $3 60, $1 47. While the
men were digging ln this hole several big
chunks of gold, round and smooth as the
pebbles of a brook, fell from the walls, to
the astonishment and. delight of the dig
gers, for they had not until that time had
any suspicion that their dirt was worth
above ii cents to thy pan. One of the
nuggets weighed' $15 20, another $16 and
another $•''s SO. The creek is, of course,
now located from end to end with a
double row of benches or side claims. It
Is about twenty-two miles long and Is
about sixty miles from the town of Forty
Mile. The town is in Canadian territory,
the creek In American. The trail to the
creek leads up Forty Mile River to Steel
Creek, forty miles from the mouth, cross
ing the international boundary at Sam
Patch's, twenty-three miles up. By way
of Steel Creek and over a low divide the
prospector gets Into Grace Creek, a small
tributary of Wade.
There are several hundred men now
Working on the creek, about 200 having
gone In since the big find was made. The
strike was made on No. 8 below upper dis
covery by the owners, Taylor & Able,
there being two in the partnership of the
latter name, though they are not related.
Previous to the fall of the big nuggets
the best pan had been 20 cents, with 2*4
to 4 feet of gravel, in which that kind or
pay was found. Bedrock is from 9 to 15
feet deep and the ground is easily worked.
Tile gold is of light color, worn smooth,
and closely resembles that of Napoleon
Gulch, which, on the other side divide,
heads up In the same hills. Jack Wade
Creek empties into Walker Fork of Forty
Mile River. Work is, or was at the time
of my visit, being done on Berglund's
claim, No. 16: Oilman Bros.', No.. 13; on
No. 4 below the upper end, and on Frank
Copley's, Gus Hunsucker's and Ed Mayer's
claims, 4, 5 and 6, where good pay was be
ing taken out. On the lower end of No. 2
A. Stewart was taking. out dirt ranging
from 6 to 25 cents, his high pan being
$1 65. Clark & Myers have sunk thirteen
holes crosscutting their claim and found
pay in each of the holes. In No. 4 above
the mouth Henry Benls, with little pros
pecting, found as high as 40 cents to the.
pan.
Altogether thirty claims have been pros
pected on the creek this winter and every
one has developed pay. The claims on the
creek are generally 1000 feet; a few that
were staked before this -regulation was
made arc allowed to remain at 1320 feet.
The creek was staked in great part In the
names of people who were never on the
creek, powers of attorn* being used by
general consent. It is reasonably certain
that, should the creek turn out as It is
now expected It will, these claims will be
jumped and plenty of trouble result. The
creek Is staked from an upper and lower
discovery and also from the mouth up to
lower discovery. Jack Wade, for whom
It is named, Is an old Yukoner who Is
said to have got lost in there some
years ago in ranging over the hills, but
after some weeks of wandering came out
with the news that this was a good creek
he having gotten 25 cents without trying-'
The Forty Mile diggings are about the
oldest in this Yukon country. Forty Mile
was a town long before Circle City was
thought of. It is called Forty Mile be
cause It was supposed to bo forty miles
below Fort Reliance, Jack M cQuesten's
rarly establishment (some ten miles down
tho river from Dawson), only a few
crossed lops of which establishment re
main. Forty Mile River is a lung- but
shallow stream with many divisions In
winter it affords an excellent trail, but
in summer It Is not navigable except for
poling boats, and the canyon, about fif
teen miles from Its mouth, adds greater
difficulty to this difficult method. Fifty
three miles from the mouth O'Brien
Creek, which heads in the American
'reek country, enters the river, and eigh
teen miles farther up the North Fork
branches, away In the same direction
with a hundred tributaries. South Fork
swings away in the opposite direction,
beading up ln the Sixty Mile divide. Den
nlson's Fork on the south and Mosquito
on tho north divide the waters again in
' like manner farther up, each having
] my tributaries.
Walker's Fork is the principal branch
! of the South Fork, and It Is into this,
j heading back toward the main river and
i Forty Mile town, that Jack Wade Creek
j enters. Other tributaries of Walker's
I Fork where pay has been found are Po-
I ker Creek, Davis and Liberty creeks, the
! best of which Is Poker Creek, and the
best of this is in Canadian territory.
Good pay has been found on Walker's
I Fork Itself at or near No. 36, below up
j per discovery, which is near the boun
j dary line. Lemon t brothers, XV. H. Car-
nahan and L. P. Stockings own three
. claims in this vicinity, and have found 28
| cents to the pan by the bucketful. They
! have prospected sixty feet across and got
1 nay dirt all the way. The owner of 12 be-
low. Cherry, Is also taking out good pay.
I Poker Creek has developed excellent
prospects, and a number of men are
working there. J. T. Hayes and two oth-
I ers are said to have taken out $2800 In six
I weeks and have uncovered enough to
I wash out $10,000 this summer.
Davis Creek has been known for some
time to' be good diggings. An old man
named McDonald, however, owns nearly
! the whole creek— claims— and neither
i works himself nor allows others to work.
He lives there with -his young wife, whom
!he married in Juneau some years ago
j when he went out with $17,000 in his sack.
McKinley and Liberty. Crow, Turk and
i Tigner creeks have been stampeded and
I staked, but since then little has been
I heard of them, alt-hough coarse gold has
| been found there. All creeks coming Into
! Canyon Creek are found to be gold-bear
j ing. Among these Woods Creek has fur
i nished many a man a grub stake with a
few weeks' labor. Camp Creek, Kalama-
zoo and Squaw are all said to carry pay,
but they are as yet almost unprospected.-
A number of men went up Dennisons
Fork this last winter, but have not yet
reported. This is true also of the Middle
Fork, and the towns of Forty-mile and
■ Eagle City are awaiting them with great
expectations.
Chicken Creek, which prior to the rising
of Jack Wade was the banner creek in
tile Forty-mile district, empties into
Mosquito Fork. Nothing has as yet been
found on Mosquito Fork proper, Chicken
Creek is a very small stream. A man can
jump over it at high water, and it will
be. difficult to get a good sluice head at
that time. There are only a tew claims
about Discovery being worked, but they
are being worked thoroughly. Joe Mathe-
son and Joe Dyer own Discovery, and
they have 100 holes, down. The claim, is
being worked chiefly on the lay system,
and the busy picture it presents eclipses
even Jim Morrison's "No. 39" Hunker. It
Is said of Matheson that he has "been
plugging round the country" for twelve
years, getting deeper and steadily deeper
In debt to the company stores tn spite of
his best endeavors. Discovery on Chicken
will this year square for him all old ac-
counts and give him a home stake besides.
The upper end of Pearson's No. 1. above,
has two lays working, but the lower end
is being honeycombed, fifteen men being
at work. Their high pan held $39.
Peco & Co. are working No. - above and
No. 1 below. Water has prevented much
work being done on No. 1 below.. Three
men are at work on No. 2 above, which
has been held and merely represented for
four years. They are now taking out a
dump and have got as high as 75 cents
to the pan.
Alex McDonald paid $1000 on No. 4 above,
but lost it, a man from Dawson restak-
ing it.
One lay Is being worked on Thomas ,
Pike's No. 6 above. Good pay Is found
there.
Ten lays were let on No. 2 below, but no
i dump is being taken out. A few pans
were taken .showing as high as 20 cents,
but as for the rest nothing better than
good colors were found. Little else has
been developed downstream until No. 11
is reached. There the creek bottom is
very- wide, but they have been getting 15
to 20 cent pans. Below this very little
work has been done.
STONEHOUSE Is a tributary or continu
ation of Chicken Creek. Nos. 2 and 3 are
being worked. McDonald took out a
j dump on No. 2 and on No. 3 four lays are
working, and the* dirt is estimated as
worth 18 cents to the pan. On No. 4 two
lays are being worked, but they have no
dump to speak of. Three claims are be-
ing worked on Dry Pup, that comes in at
No. 6. Some work is being done on two
or three other pups, as well as some
benches. A bench off No. 2 Stonehouse Is
said to yield an average of 12 cents. Wash
gravel is found all along the top of the
divide between Chicken, Stonehouse and
• Meyers Fork.
FRANKLIN CREEK and NAPOLEON
GULCH enter the South Fork
of Forty Mile below Mosquito
Fork. Both are producers. A
number of lays are being worked sue
, cessfully on Franklin Creek, and the
: North American Transportation and
Trading Company is doing considerable
i work on property they own In Napoleon
! Gulch. The formation there is most dif-
I ficult to work and pay dirt Is found in an
| inch and a half on bed rock. This is
15 feet down under a wicker work of roots
! and moss. The gold Is all in large pieces
j and smooth, like watermelon seeds. The
gold of Jack Wade Creek and of Franklin
1 Creek, which head up with Napoleon, is
exactly like It. The gold of Chicken
Creek, on the contrary, is generally fine
powder.
O'BRIEN CREEK, which comes into
Forty Mile 53 miles from the mouth. Is
a long stream that yet remains to be
prospected. It has one tributary*, how-
ever, that gives It Importance. This is
Dome Creek. A great dealt has been
. heard of Dome Creek In Dawson this
winter. There is a pretty tale told of it,
of how two men went out in '97 to
Seattle, both having heavy gold sacks,
but one having also the consumption.
The one died, but before doing this he
told to the man who nursed him the secret
of where he had gotten his gold, giving
him a map and such careful directions
I that subsequently a party whom he dis-
patched in had no difficulty ln finding the
diggings, together with the cabins form-
erly occupied by the men and the old
rockers they had used. The creek had
In the meantime, however, suffered one
of these latter day stampedes, from
which no break in the hills wide enough
to be visited by daylight can hope to
escape, especially one with an old rocker
on It. I believe, however,- the Seattle
party succeeded In getting the claim by
some means, and it Is deemed valuable.
John E. Barrett and party who own
Discovery and one above on Dome Creek,
have sluiced off 300 feet and will shovel
in .this summer. Several other claims
are being worked on the creek and pans
of $150 and $200 are not unusual.
THE NORTH FORK— More men have
turned up the North Fork than into any
other branch of the Forty Mile this win-
I ter, and previous to Jack Wade it was
considered much tho most hopeful divis-
ion of the district. There Is a loop in the
i creek which Is called the North Fork
; Kink. A company has been formed to di
: vert the water by cutting across the loop
and leaving the creek bed for several
miles dry and easily worked. As one goes
I up the North Fork
HUTCHINSON CREEK Is the first
j tributary where much effort to find
treasure is discovered.. There has been a
good deal of prospecting there during all
i the winter, but glaciers and water have
greatly handicapped the workers. On Dis
covery $1 50 has been taken out of one
I pan.
MONTANA CREEK on the left going
up and FRENCH GULCH and CONFED-
I ERATE CREEK on' the right, tributaries
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
of Hutchinson, all show good pay in re-
sponse to rather, hasty prospecting. F.
Bennett and Elliot Westfall on Confed
erate are getting out good dumps. Prog-
ress in this direction brings the traveler
Into I that region which Is * claimed by
Eagle City as its own. To be understood
geographically, according to the accepted
method of approach to it, therefore, one
must talk of It from the Eagle City
standpoint. Before leaving the .Forty
Mile district, however, it may be said In
a general way that the work done in the
whole region has been little ■ more than
mere prospecting, or where the pay has
been located the work being done Is pre-
paratory to summer ground sluicing. The
ground is generally shallow, and most of
the claim owners and laymen, aside from
getting out lumber for sluice-boxes or
stripping tho surface, are "mushing" in
their grub for the summer's work. It Is
estimated that there are about 1200 men
at work in the district covered in the
foregoing. Including about a hundred at
work on Miller and Glacier creeks of the
Sixty Mile district, who outfit from this
point, and about 250 people in the town of
Forty Mile and at Fort Cudahy, just
across the river. The town and all these
diggings, struck a paralyzing blow by the
big finds of the Klondike, are now reviv-
ing and are destined to a new life and
far greater activity and more rapid devel
opment through the overflow from the
Klondike than those finds have called in
from over the face of all the earth. These
people are generally poor, however. All
they have with which to enter the strug
gle Is their pick and shovel and their two
hands and the steam which may be ap-
plied to these with their own poor little
outfit. And this outfit they must carry
with them wherever they go— the
creeks and over the divides. So the work
rs very slow to begin with, and only those
creeks that have been previously worked
I and the pay streaks located can hope to
turn out something above a grubstake
I this year. Of these Chicken Creek will
! take first place. It is estimated that
$100,000— some say twice as much— will bo
' cleaned up from the four or five claims
| being worked there. Nearly all the work
of the district, other than by claim own
' ers themselves, Is done on the lay sys
tem, 50 per cent being allowed. The old
diggings of Miller and Glacier creeks are
paying some wages at $1 per hour. The
ground throughout the entire district,
however,' Is for the most part shallow,
and better worked in summer time, and
it will be next fall rather than this spring
that they will tell what they know- about
gold.
All this applies equally to the diggings
and the men of Eagle City. Eagle City,
a town of 800 people, has. since the Ice
went out last spring, risen up at the
mouth of Mission Creek. Not exactly
under the shadow— every man writing
about it will probably be tempted to
say— but shouldering up against that
great rock that marks a point In the
landscape at the mouth of Mission Creek.
But ___le City Is not In or under the
shadow of a great rock or any other
shadow. Its people are very proud of it
| and believe it will grow to be a big and
! permanent city. It has Its parties and its
! politics, and each man In his bonnet has
some sort of a bee or ether. A short time
ago it was violently addicted to the
miners' meeting, but with that craving
j for variety and yearning for office that
i marks the true American it has now
elected for Itself a civil government of its ;
own out of which it may enjoy an annual i
election. These are .as exciting in their I
small way as was ever an election any- j
j where. As the result of the last one. i
! after much' hustling for votes, some of
i which were even dragged in with dogs
and sleds from the distant creeks, they
have a Mayor or president of a Council ;
of five, W. M. Woody: and the Council— |
A. J. Kelsey, J. H. Robinson. S. B. Ballon
and Thomas Aisbltt; a Judge, A. Heavens;
a Recorder, Thomas McMahon; a Treas
: urer, P. J. Meyer, and a Marshal, M.
Mather, and the Marshal has twelve
deputies. A code of civil, sanitary and '
criminal regulations has been adopted. j
The townsite, containing eighty-seven |
acres, has been surveyed and streets laid
out. The town contains 500 cabins, while
at the same place this day of the month
last year there was just one cabin, one of
those "miner's cabins" built by the
pioneers as a common, free-to-all stop- j
ping place for travelers. The people have
petitioned Sitka or Washington to have
Eagle City made the capital of a new
judicial district and to have a land office ;
opened there, and they hope their wishes
may be fulfilled this spring. Captain
Richardson, United .States military com-
mandant on the Yukon, has had ten acres
above the town on the river front set
aside for barracks. A detachment of the
soldiers now stationed at Circle City will
be sent up on an early spring boat and |
the barracks will be built, The Alaska
Exploration Company and the North
American Transportation and Trading I
Company have built large warehouses, i
and the Alaska Commercial Company,
now renting a storehouse, has let a con-
tract for a big building, work upon which '
will commence at once. There are half a :
1 dozen smaller stores, with a complement j
of saloons, restaurants and the like. !
Without one public dance hall they have ; '
a circulating library and a literary so-
ciety. The town is about fifteen miles
from the boundary line on the American
aide, and this fact gives its people the ;
hope of securing much more of the trade
of the miners of the Forty Mile district
than would otherwise fall to them. For
by taking goods over the trails that bad
away from Eagle City Into that country,
the national line need not be crossed and
the necessity of paying duty -will be avoid- |
cd. The winter trails lead up American j
and Mission creeks and by the crossing of ;
a low divide drop down Into the tributaries j
of the north fork of Forty Mile and
thence any division of that creek may be \
reached. The diggings on the South, Den- ;
nison and Mosquito forks are of course j
more easily reached from and more
naturally tributary to the town of Forty j
Mile, but they are nearly all In Ameri- ;
can territory while the international
boundary line, to cross which Is to settle
with a customs collector, stretches be-
tween them and the town. Forty Mile,
to be sure, may find a means of overcom-
ing this difficulty, but If she cannot
Eagle will certainly build some more log j
houses upon the trade of the South Fork. j
But that is a tale of a town or of two |
towns and this is a tale of the mines.
MISSION CREEK, at the mouth of]
which sits Eagle* City, has developed very
little pay as yet,
WOLF CREEK, a tributary- near the !
mouth, about which a good deal has j
been said this winter, has been I
prospected somewhat over its en- !
tire length. Prospects have been I
found on No. 4 above, Bounds j
& Peterson, No. 10 above, J. Brown, and
No. 23, A. Charlton. A shaft sunk on j
Discovery disclosed a three-foot vein of '
good coal. On No. 22 pup a man named !
Martin last fall struck a quartz lead at a j
depth of seven feet which Is. said to stand |
all the tests of genuineness, the seam be- ■
ing eighty-five feet wide, with granite
walls both sides, and can be traced for
one and a half miles. Assayed It ran
$40 80 to the ton. W. M. Woody, A. J.
Kelsey, S. B. Ballou and G. W. Thurston
located claims and set four men to work
uncovering the rock.
AMERICAN CREEK, its principal trib
utary, empties into Mission a few ;
miles from the mouth. The creek j
is about twenty-two miles long, !
and Discovery Is twelve miles up. I
The creek Is shallow and all summer |
diggings, but it has as yet scarcely been' \
tested. Jerry Heator owns Discovery and
two adjoining claims and Is prospecting
them. The most energy displayed Is on |
No. 2 above, owned by Lorlmar & Smith. ;
The claim has been developing pay for i
two years, and the owners expect to take
out $30,000 this summer. Something over j
$12,000 last year. The present owners
bought the claim and were assured at the ;
time by the previous owner that there '
was no pay except In the bottom of the
creek. They took his word for It and
worked out the bottom of the creek, and
after that put a holo down a little higher
up. There they struck much better pay,
getting as high as $1 a pan. .
Louis Anderson, on No. 9 above. is get-
ting still better than this. Big prepara
tions are being made by Cosky & Jensen
on No. 10 above, and by the Rasman Bros.
on No. 1G below. This is about all the
work being done on the creek.
'DISCOVERY FORK is the best tribu
tary of American so far in .Its!
history. There are about twenty -
men working on Slt and good pros- , .
pecta are found there. Thomas Welch ■
prospected and claims to have found '",
coarse gold on Union Gulch, a tributary I •
of Discovery Fork. - i
CHAMPION CREEK or LITTLE '
NORTH FORK- is just over 'the divide I
in the Forty-Mile country by way of '
American Creek. The creek is all staked i
out, but John Mahalclk on No. 9 built the i .
only cabin and lias sunk two holes to j I
bedrock. He claims to have got good ! !
surface prospects and will make a trior- j I
ough search for a pay streak. Roberts I
& Dubois did some .work on No. 10 above J i
the mouth, and will, after getting some j
provisions over, try again.
OLD SILVER CREEK,' slightly pros
pected on three claims, has discovered ,
very coarse gold. The same may be said ]
of Star, Bonson and Cub creeks.
COMET CREEK, Bear and Arkansas
creeks- have been' staked out but not
prospected.
EUREKA CREEK is the 'continuation
of the North Fork. Little work has been
done on It. L. A. Flint, James Boggan,
James Tuppey, George McClure, Mike W.
Krebs and Dan Powell have done more ;
prospecting near the mouth of Slate I
CreeK and have found good pay. They ;
have built a cabin, and are now engaged
in getting provisions over to enable them \
to work tho claim this summer. This Is |
Discovery. The creek is staked to eight j
below and twenty-eight above, and there
Is room for many more.
SLATE CREEK enters Eureka Creek j
at Discovery, on the latter creek. It Is j
sixty miles long. Discovery -Is twenty
miles from the mouth, and from the j
mouth to 43 above the creek Is staked and i
recorded. Prospect holes have been sunk |
at frequent intervals over this long j
stretch, and in no instance without find- j
ing coarse gold. The creek Is said to have j
developed not a single "Knocker" out of i
all the crowds who have stampeded it ,
this last winter. The creek was staked j
originally about the Fourth of last July, j
and a tributary also thoroughly staked, ;
that comes in near Discovery, Is named
Fourth of July. Discovery was made by
the Hudson brothers, Teddy and Jim.
who previously distinguished themselves
by a great slaughter of cariboo in the
winter of 1897-98, thereby getting them
selves into the newspapers. Their find,
backed by an energetic effort to get pro
visions over the divide to their claim,
started. the first stampede. There are now
about fifty men at work on the creek and
twenty well separated claims. Many
others are engaged in taking provisions
over, for the diggings are all shallow, and
the real work will be done this summer.
In fact, the town of Eagle City is now
comparatively deserted from this cause. ,
A party of nineteen, known as the Buck- \
eye boys, who own several claims, have j
thoroughly prospected No. 13 below, and
for a width across the creek of sixty feet j
they find a depth of three feet of gravel,
which pans from 6 to 40 cents. Bedrock
is eight feet deep with three feet of
muck. The Buckeye boys are Charles
Keley, manager; Sylvester Wideman, ;
James Sanderson. George Gleckler, Wil
liam Theme. William Fettle, Howard
Huntington, George Miller, Charles Smith,
Abe Mltzer, Henry Zerker, William Co
hen. J. L. and Ross Llvengood, rank At- i
tleman^ Dal Days and Patrick McCrlstal, j
all of Sandusky, and Julian L. Shay and ;
Perry Hutchlns of Dayton, Ohio. They
form the Alaska Co-operative Mining
Company, a corporation formed at ban- !
dusky, and of which James E. Sneyeley :
was manager. He fell into deep disfavor
with the company and they put him on
rations and told him to leave the coun- |
try and he did so. The company owns
twelve claims in the vicinity
Jack Mahalclk, Mike Beckler, Nicholas
Licht and XV. M. Flaherty are known as
the cariboo boys. They own Nos. 10 ana i
11 above and have the same gold, but tne |
depth of gravel Is not so great.
It is estimated that 100 men , will be I
working. -on the creek all summer if ,
enough provisions can be got over while j
the snow lasts. ;*.„: , ' - .
There will be a great deal of prospect- j
ing in the neighborhood this summer for
quartz, a number of men having claimed
to have found good Indications in several
places, especially on Jim Creek and on ;
Gold Run., Bench claims have been staked :
on Slate Creek, but the ground is by no
means covered as yet. .)''_ "c,V; I'
The principal tributaries of Slate are ;
Independence, Ruby, Fourth of July,
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year,
on ail of which the same good surface
prospects have been found, though no real
work is yet being done on any. There is ,
a vast country in here that remains to be .
prospected. Almost nothing is known of ;
the Middle Fork and all Its tributaries
These will be Invaded this summer, no \
doubt. _ _ , , , , i
BOUNDARY CREEK is a good sized
stream that flows Into the Yukon Just at ]
the boundary line. The lower half of the |
lower claim only lies in British territory. ;
About a dozen men are working there and
they claim to have found big prospects,
but' that water has troubled them -ill win
ter so that they could do little work, but i
they hope for better opoprtunlty in the
summer. v-'-v,. . < .-_■'• -." j
The district thus touched on its directly ,
tributary to Eagle City and includes a
gieat number of creeks that are wholly |
unprospected. What prospecting has been j
done on any of the creeks Is general'y of
the most superficial kind, consisting of j
the sinking of mere potholes that almost
run out before they reach bedrock. Thi.
has. not been because of a lack of inclina
tion on the part of prospectorl?, .but be
cause of an enforced hurry. On mere
prospecting tours into regions difficult of
access and distant from a base of sup- 1
plies men cannot carry great quantities
of food and therefore must do only what
they can do quickly. The whole region
remains to be really tested. Even the
coming summer will not see this done,
although the thousand men at work there j
now will see their number multiplied sev
eral times.
Till-: SEVENTY-MILE COUNTRY— j
The Seventy-mile is a big stretch of coun
try, with on the map more creeks to the )
square inch than any other division. There j
are about a hundred men working there j
and a small settlement at the mouth. j
Nothing to cause a thrill has come out of |
Seventy-mile this winter. Twelve claims 1
are being worked on
BARNEY CREEK — Like Forty-mile
and Mission, nearly all the Seventy-mile
diggings are shallow and better worked j
during the mosquito drill. Twelve claims
are being worked or made ready.
Lee and Frohlick are the owners !
of four claims, one of which paid three I
ounces to a man last summer. The dirt 1
runs from 15 to 20 cents in 3% to 6 feet of
gravel. Powell '& Nelson are working a i
claim, and Reynolds and Runnells two
others. A. J. Freltas and V, L. Benlng- !
ton own a portion of 1000 feet at the
mouth which developed excellent pay.
FLUME CREEK enters seventy miles i
from the opposite side from Barney, the !
left going up, and some miles farther
up. Several claims were worked there
last fall, and provisions, were taken In
this winter for the summer campaign.
Claim owners in the forties say they have
made recent good finds.
Claim owners on Crooked Creek, Broken
Neck and Pleasant creeks are cheerful, '
and declare a stanch faith in their prop
erty.
There is a little bunch of creeks that
enter the Yukon in close vicinity to each
other about thirty miles below Seventy
Mile. They were staked during the throes
and enthusiasms of the late war time
and were called Dewey, Schley, Fourth
of July, McKinley and Michigan. I wrote
concerning them after my run down the
river last fall. I was unable to visit them
this time and cannot tell whether any
thing has developed in line with their
promise or otherwise. What they hold
will, however, only be delivered in the
bright summertime. Fourth of . July Is
the creek of this group that caused the
most stir last summer. It is about thirty
miles long and Discovery is half way up
Discovery was made by T. McMichaels,
and It is said he took out gold In ounces. j
Nos. 10, 11 and. 12 are owned by Van Ness,
Pennoyer and Pickenbaugh. They shov
eled sixteen days off No. 10 from a
depth of six feet and with a net result of
92 ounces. A chemist from the Armour
Packing Company went to the diggings
from Circle at the instance of Alex Mc-
Donald last October, so they say. and in
two pans got 88 and 52 cents respectively.
CHARLEY RIVER— A number of men
are working on the tributaries of Charley
River. On Sam Creek eleven men have
been working and are said to have been
finding good pay; but some of them were
compelled to come out for lack of pro
visions. On Bonanza Creek, twelve miles
up Charley River, forty men are at work.
They' find encouraging colors, but have
not located a pay streak. .Draham Creek,
four miles from the mouth of Charley i
River, has twelve men working who claim
to have 10 and 15 cent dirt. Todd Creek.
a tributary of Draham, has developed
pay. Todd, who made the discovery,
claims to have gotten 60-cent pans with
an average of twelve.
This region from Forty Mile to Charley
River comprises many hundreds of
miles of water shed and many thousands
of possibilities for prospectors. It need
not be said that the vast area has scarce
ly been touched and' remains as an almost
unlimited opportunity to those who are
equipped physically and otherwise to In
vade It, to meet and overcome the hard
conditions it has laid upon the taking
from it what It holds. It offers oppor
tunity to these only.
My trip, which did not extend beyond
the Forty Mile. anil Mission Creek coun
tries, comprehended a Journey, of about
500 miles. 1 found excellent trails and j
road houses or miners' cabins at con- !
venient-distances for each day's travel, so ! >
is to necessitate camping out but two or I
three times on the whole trip, which cov
ered a period, of three weeks. This in I
Itself la a long stride toward the rapid !
Jevelopment of the country that has been
taken in this one yesr just past.
In the journey down the river I passed
the points, where two of the big river '
steamers are. wintering, the Arnold of the
Alaska Exploration Company back of . an i.;
sland about thirty, miles . below ; Forty 1- .
Mile and the John C. Bar in the river five j
miles below the. Arnold. The Arnold is j :
n a position that she sought, though she I .
sought it rather late in the year, when!'
she had little time to make choice. The
Bar Is lying where she was caught >. by
the ice and her position is extremely, dan
gerous. The ice has been cut around her
and her officers hope that she may have
water enough on top of the ice to enable
her to run to a more protected position
before the ice breaks and the crush
comes. The Arnold, Captain McNoble in
command, Is in comparatively safe quar
ters. As the water rises the boat will be
hauled in close back of and in the shelter
of the Island, and unless some accident
happens she will weather the storm.
The long days are gradually dissolving
the snow and the period of interrupted
communication on the river, the trails
being impassable because of rotten ice", is
at hand. This, that leaves to-day, will
perhaps be the last mall out— the last, at
least, that starts.- with any reasonable
certainty of getting out before the river
ice breaks. The system to which the car
riage of mails has been reduced by Col
onel Steel and the Police Department
may, however, prove successful in keep
ing up. communication later than even
they themselves will guarantee. It Is
time, then, to say a word that may be
final before the clean up as to the result
of the winter's work In the Dawson dis
trict, although it be only repeating what
has been said time and again through the
winter. Conservative estimates by the
best posted people place the output of .the
Klondike and Indian River districts for
the year at from twenty to thirty mil
lions.
In the list of creeks El Dorado will still
stand" at the head with an output of five
or six millions. Bonanza, with her won
derful benches, will make a close second
with a yield of over five millions. Hunker
and Dominion will dispute for third place
with something like three and a half mil
lions each. Sulphur, which has proved
something of a disappointment, rather
because of its deep diggings, perhaps,
than because the gold Is not there, will
not turn out more than half a million.
Gold Run and Eureka creeks, which this
winter have entered the lists of good pro
ducers, and Quartz Creek, which has de
veloped better pay on the benches than
in the bottom, will each produce about a
quarter of a million. All other creeks and
benches, including Thistle Creek, Stewart
River and other independent districts con
tiguous to Dawson, may be set down. at
about half a million. El Dorado has sim
ply "kept up its lick" in turning out a
steady stream of gold. Bonanza, that
last year took on the shape of a disap
pointment, has developed in much better
form, so far as indications go, this year.
Gold in paying quantities is being taken
out as far up as the eighties above, while
the sldehils have .been a surprise and
wonder. : -.:■■: . ."•
Many small gulches entering Bonanza
on the left limit, that is, on the El
Dorado side, have proven big producers,
such as Monte Crlsto, American, Adams
and Victoria. The hillsides bounding
these have also discovered big pay. A
year ago they had not been prospected
and were not even staked In the great
stampeding season— winter of 1897-98.
Bonanza is now being prospected all the
way, and It is not Impossible will furnish
new surprises. The benches a side
hill of the creek from Discovery to forty
below on the left limit are being bored
Into until they present the appearance
from below of a long succession of earth
works.
Tha output of Hunker this year will
greatly exceed that of last. The benches
here, too, have turned out very rich.
Last Chance, a tributary of Hunker, was
until lately little thought of, but the Bide
hills through a certain .area have been
found to contain good pay. The same is
true of Gold Bottom-, another tributary.
Dominion Creek over in the Indian
River division has had a varying expe
rience during the winter, the utmost en
thusiasm being felt in its name at times,
while at others claim owners fell Into
the blues. This Is because the pay streak
was elusive and pockety. On the whole,
however, the creek will make big returns
for the labor. The best results come from
between the discoveries and to 20 below
and 10 above upper. Work has been done
at intervals along the creeks as far down
as 200 below, and good prospects have
been found at intervals all the way and
some pay dumps will be taken out down
in the hundreds.
The diggings at Stewart River and
Thistle Creek, of which much has been
reported here during the winter, will not
advance much above the prospecting
stage, although all rounded up there will
be considerable gold come out. The
prospects at Thistle Creek and tributaries
are definite and tangible and indicate ex
cellent diggings. I have seen a pocketful
of gold that averaged in size from a grain
of wheat to a marble taken out of two
holes on one claim. There ought to be
more where it came from.
As for the other diggings at Circle
City, up the Kuyukuk and toward the
upper lakes, they are too distant for me
to venture to speak of as something that
I know about. At Circle City. I learn,
the same active operations are going on
there- that have been progressing for
some years with the same good results.
On the Kuyukuk nothing can be . looked
for this year more than the results of
prospecting, as it was invaded in num
bers only this last fall. I have, of course,
heard many reports from there, but they
vary. ■..:-.;- ' . ■ . --•='■'„
The slow approach of spring and sum
mer, the warm, long days and cool
nights has the effect of dissolving tho
snow very gradually. The sunny side of
the hills are already bare in spots, the
much used trails are worn through and
on the ice of the small streams are be
coming difficult to travel over. The
freight rates are going up in consequence,
and- again the question of the sufficiency
of the supply of water for the wash-up
is raised. Many believe there will not be
enough to clean up the dumps now stand
ing. Thus early, however, this is some
thing in the nature- of going to meet
trouble. Business has already revived
somewhat in anticipation of the big out
put, and miner and merchant are in tune
with the sunlit springtime. The second
winter of the great Klondike stampede is
safely and successfully over. • -;
H ♦„♦„♦?*♦„ 4-12 ♦ „ 4 58+S8 ♦■88 ♦!_*♦„♦■
WESTERN MEN
FOR THE NAVY
'•'■■■'■
■- * -•- ■-- •
♦
Secretary of the Navy
Interested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, May IS.
Secretary of the Navy Long is deeply
Interested In the result of an experiment
which Is to be made under the direction
of Captain John M. Hawley for the en
listment of 300 or 350 men In the Middle
West and West. It is believed Western
enlistments will quicken that section's in
terest in the navy.
Many inquiries have been received by
the department from the West by young
men of adventurous spirit who would like
to join the navy, but who cannot afford
the expense of traveling to New York or
Boston with the chance of rejection after
their arrival. It is proposed, therefore, to
send a recruiting officer tnrough the West
next month- to gather in 300 or 350 re
cruits. Only bright and promising Ameri
can citizens between the ages of IS and 25
will be taken. They must be able to" read
and write. Exceptional Inducements are
to be offered those recruits in the shape
of_a long cruise on Admiral Farragut's
old flagship Hartford, which is now at
the Mare Island Navy Yard. She has
been thoroughly refitted at a cost of
about $350,000. The recruits will be sent
to the receiving : ship Independence at
Mare Island for several months of pre
liminary "shaking down." and then will
embark upon the Hartford for New York
either by the way of Cape Horn or across
the Pacific to China, thence to India and
through the Red Sea and the Mediter
ranean. Her executive officer will be
Lieutenant Commander Alexander. Sharp,
a nephew of General Grant, who distin
guished himself during the recent war as
the commander of the auxiliary yacht
Vixen, which was attached to Schley's
flying squadron, In addition to the re
cruits, she will carry 150 experienced men
Upon arrival in New York the recruits
will be assigned to warships, If this ex
periment is a success, as Captain Hawley
confidently expects It to be, It will be re
peated with ; a view to the enlistment of
more Westerners. ,
A Nihilist who went to Siberia to
rescue his father from prison writes
up his thrilling experience and pub
lishes | the ..photographs he took, in
next Sunday's Call. " ' "
WITHDRAWS FROM
THE GAS CONCERN
J. K. Prior Leaves Light
and Power Company.
— —
CHARGES MISMANAGEMENT
— —
PRICE OF STOCK AND DIVI-
DENDS DWINDLE AWAY.
DENDS DWINDLE AWAY.
♦ '-
How Competition Has Cut Into a
How Competition Has Cut Into a
• Great San Jose Monopoly That
Formerly Yielded Fortunes
in Revenues.
in Revenues.
■ »'- —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 18.— There is trouble in
the directorate of the Light" and Power
Company of this city, and J. K. Prior of
San Francisco, one of the largest stock
holders In the concern, has resigned. He
charges mismanagement of affairs and
shoves the responsibility for this on the
shoulders of President Quilty.
Prior has been interested in the proper
ties of the company for nearly forty
years. The annual meeting of the com
pany last Saturday was stormy, and at
its close Prior resigned. No one was
elected to fill the vacancy. The remain
ing directors are: C. W. Quilty (presi
dent), J. L. Lelter, Amasa Eaton, Lloyd
Tevls, Uriah Wood and Gus Lion.
The Light and Power Company has been
a sort of gold mine to its owners until
recent years. For a long, time it had a
monopoly of the gas and electric light
business of the city at prices that were
top-notchers. Prior was a large owner
of the San Jose Gas Company, and when
it was merged Into the electric company
he got some 2000 shares. The capitaliza
tion of the Light and Power Company is
$1,000,000, and the gas company's business
went in at twelve-seventeenths of this
amount of stock. Dividends were large
and the concern enjoyed the city lighting
contracts and all other business.
The management changed, and H. J.
Edwards was deposed as superintendent.
He at once organized the Electric Im
provement Company and started in busi
ness for himself. His popularity carried
him along against the Immense capital
of the opposition, and the new company
cut into the business and dividends of the
Light and Power Company. The latter's
stock dwindled from $65 a share to $42 50
three months ago, and now it is $22 50 and
dividends have ceased. The Improvement
Company has just added a gas plant and
has reduced the price of this light from
$2 75 to $2 per thousand feet. It is now
laying pipes and has contracts ahead that
will keep its force busy for months to
come. * ,
Since this latest move the Light ana
Power Company has been seeking a con
solidation with the Improvement Com
pany. Prior was particularly anxious for
this! This combination fell through, how
ever, and he in disgust resigned. He al
leged mismanagement and declared he
would not remain a director and be re
sponsible for it. Prior is a practical man
and proved valuable in the concern's man
agement, but the smaller stockholders
combined and took affairs out of his
hands. ; ____ .;,'<Y;:
CITY EMPLOYES' BONDS.
Surprising Growth of the Freedman
Surety Company.
NEW YORK, May IS.— The Mazet com
mittee spent the greater part of the day
in an attempt .to show the respective
bonding interests of city employes held
by the so-called Freedman and the so
called Piatt Surety companies. Counsel
Moss for the committee, after an elab
orate examination Into this matter, said
that the significant feature of what has
been shown was the growth of the Freed
man company, | the youngest of all the
bonding companies, during the past year
or two in the bonding of city officials.
Police Commissioners Hess and Abell
were. on the stand for a short time to
day. Commissioner Hess agreed with
Counsel Moss in an expression of an opin
ion that facts of a suspicious nature had
been presented before, the committee.
FUNERAL OF MRS. DONOHOE.
Large Concourse of Yuba and Sutter
County Friends Attend.
MARYSVILLE. May IS.— The funeral of
the late Mrs. J. C. Donohoe of Lomo took
the late Mrs. J. C. Donohoe of Lomo took
place from St. Joseph's Church ln this
place from St. Joseph's Church ln this
city at noon to-day at the conclusion of
city at noon to-day at the conclusion of
requiem high mass, which was read by
requiem high mass, which was read by
Rev. Father Coleman,, and attended by a
Rev. Father Coleman, and attended by a
large concourse of Yuba and Sutter Coun
ty friends. Rev. Father Hines officiated
at the grave in the Catholic Cemetery.
The pall-bearers were D. P. Donahue,
Hugh McGuire, James Tyrrell, Henry
Berg, Valentine Witt and Henry Hier.
Native Sons Entertained.
WOODLAND, May IS.— large delega
tion of members from Dixon Parlor of
tion of members from Dixon Parlor of
Native Sons was entertained by ! the
Native Sons was entertained by the
Woodland parlor Wednesday evening. A
banquet and after-dinner speech making
were the features.
/ PALPITATION \%\
ify Air tup nrii-T to_ )
| OF THE HEART \
m '*V;- I. HE lI EAR i \||
E . Is often caused from lf||
X i Is often caused from iH
1 Nerve Weakness or Iff
f Nerve Weakness or
1 \ Digestive Disorder, IM
ill Digestive Disorder. IM
V HUDYAN CURES. Jl
\ HUDYAN CURES. Jl
0 WEAK HEARTS ARE A3 COMMON- AS .WEAK STOMACHS. STOMACH /»
® WEAK HEARTS ARE A3 COMMON AS WEAK STOMACHS. STOM\CH /_.
-4- TROUBLE AND NERVOUS WEAKNESS OFTEN BRING ON THIS SAD CON- _*
0 DITION. EVERY HEART THAT FLUTTERS. PALPITATES, TIRES OUT EAR- X
V ILY. OR ACHES, IS WEAK OR DISEASED, AND TREATMENT SHOULD NOT ®
X BE POSTPONED A SINGLE DAY. HUDYAN IS A POSITIVE. CURE. HUDYAN -♦■
0 IS SAFE. SURE, AND CURES THIS DISORDER PERMANENTLY. N X
0 ' KANSAS CITY. MO I N£ LOS ANGELES; CAL ±
X Dear Sirs: After taking Hudyan for Dear Doctors: I am feeling Splendid _
X about four weeks I t find that Lara per- | since L took Hudyan, for Ino longer have -_
._* fectly. cured of Heart Trouble and j those weak spells nor that fluttering 'of my X
4- Dyspepsia. .I am satisfied my heart affec- heart. -- My nervousness has all passed ®
G) tion was due to the, stomach trouble. I away, and I- can sleep better than I did X
X- thank you for placing within my reach j away, and I made sleep better a new did ®_
thank you for placing within my reach j Hudyaji has made me feel like a new ncr" ® _
£ your valuable remedy. R. HUBBARD, | son. ■-- MRS. LOUISA WARREN ±~^
a '•"'■ HUDYAN is for sale by' druggists— a package or six packages for' t_ 50 "»-*-" ®-
„~lf your Druggist does not keep "UDYAjf send, direct to the HUDYAN"h_MEDT +
<_• CO.. corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco Cal "".J,Ji'"','i ,_,
4;-; YOU MAT CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASF Pbp,. __
0 OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. ' V"; •.i _„__ CASE FREE . +
<_+®*3+<_*<^+<^*+<^*^^
ARNDT CHOSEN
CHANCELLOR
Some Officers Elected
by Pythians.
-— —
JETER GETS SECOND PLACE
JETER GETS SECOND PLACE
RATHBONE SISTERS ALSO SE-
. . LECT NEW LEADERS.
In the Evening the Knights and La-
dies Hold a Grand Ball, and
the Scene Is Most
Beautiful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. May. 18.— The fourth
day's proceedings of the Grand Lodge,
Knights of Pythias, although occupying
the entire forenoon, resulted in little be-_
ing accomplished. The main interest een *
tered upon the election of officers, but
at the hour of adjournment only four of
ficers had been elected.
The fight for supreme representatives
somewhat delayed things, as there were
six candidates for the honors. The of
ficers elected were as follows: Supreme
representatives. Walker C. Graves of San
Francisco and George E. Church of
Fresno; grand chancellor. Dr. Arndt of
San Francisco; vice grand chancellor.
William T. Jeter of Santa Cruz.
The balance of the officers will be
elected at to-morrow morning's session.
The Rathbone Sisters were . also in
session and spent their time in a re
vision of the by-laws and election of of
ficers. Twenty-four laws were acted upon
and the grand chief was sustained in all
of them except two. .„„
A committee, consisting of Mrs. Lucy
Holland of Oakland, Mrs Kratzensteii, of
Sacramento and Mrs. M. A. Welder, of
Grass Valley, was appointed to extend
a vote of thanks to members of Hermion
Temple and the citizens of Santa Cruz
for their generous hospitality.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows, all of the officers being new ones
with the exception of Mrs. Brown and
Mrs. Holmes, who were re-elected: Past
grand chief, Mrs. -Mary A. Fitzgerald of
Sacramento; grand chief, Mrs. Ida E.
Morguire of Oakland: grand senior, Mrs.
Juliet Stibbens of Riverside; grand ju
nior, Mrs. Lily Samuels of Oakland;
grand manager, Mrs. E. S. Pringle of
Santa Cruz; grand mistress of R. and c.,
Mrs. Louise Holmes of East Oakland;
grand M. of F., Mrs. Eva Simpson of
Santa Rosa; grand protector of the tem
ple. Mrs. S. J. Rodger s of San Jose, and
grand outer guard, Mrs. Brown of River
side. 'V^T
The grand ball in the evening at the
Armory surpassed all previous efforts In
the line of entertainment. The dance hall
presented a brilliant scene. Beautiful
decorations adorned the walls and bunt
ing was used in profusion. The affair
was the social one of the season and the
visiting Knights, Rathbone Sisters and
society people were there.
The grand march was led by Grand
Chancellor Patton and Grand Chief Mary
Fitzgerald. Excellent music was fur
nished for the dancing and the order of
dances was a good one.
The souvenir programme given to all
in attendance was very appropriate and
on each was a photographic view of a
scene on the cliff drive.
Frank J. Hoffmann was the efficient floor
manager, assisted by the following floor.
committee: Carl E. Lindsay, H. E. Irish,
Oscar A. Foster, R. H. Pringle, B. F.
Booth and W. F. Forsyth.
Reception committee— W. T. Jeter, J. L.
Wright. N. N. Knapp, A. N. Sheldon, 11.
D. Smith, A. D. Pcna. D. C. Clark, W.
M. Gardner, M. Rawle. W. A. Maguire,
C. W. Waldron, W. E. Lynam, C. E. Fa
gen, J. G. Tanner. Dr. F. W. Bliss, M. C.
Hopkins and F. XV. Swanton. . :
Freight by Boat and Team.
WOODLAND, May There is such a
disparity between the .freight" rates in
disparity between the .freight rates in
force between San Francisco and Sacra
force between San Francisco and Sacra
ramento and San Francisco and Wood
ramento and San Francisco and Wood
land that local merchants find it difficult
land that local merchants find it difficult
to compete with Sacramento merchants
in many lines of goods. In order to over
come this handicap local merchants hay.
come this handicap local merchants havts
adopted the plan of shipping heavy
adopted the plan of shipping heavy
freight, by the opposition line of steam
freight by the opposition line of steam
ers to Elkhorn. Thence it is hayjed
ers to Elkhorn. Thence it is haul, d
to Woodland by team. A saving in freight
to Woodland by team. A saving in freight
is thus effected and the local merchants
is thus effected and the local merchants
are afforded an opportunity to give em
are afforded an opportunity to give em
ployment to local teamsters.
ployment to local teamsters.
North Wind Damages Wheat.
WOODLAND, May IS.— north wind
which prevailed for several days last
which prevailed for several days last
week did .considerable damage to wheat,
week did .considerable damage to wheat,
especially to winter sown. For four days
especially to winter sown. Fur four days
this week a cool, moist wind from tho
south prevailed, and as a result much of
the damage inflicted by the north wind
was neutralised and the crop prospects
were materially improved. This morning
the north wind began. to blow again and
farmers are very apprehensive about the
result. The hay harvest is under way and
the yield is considerably above the aver
age.
Death of Mrs. Bhoda Maxwell.
WOODLAND, May IS.— Mrs. Rhoda
Maxwell, 82 years of age, and for' nearly,
Maxwell, 82 years of age, and for nearly
half a century a resident of Yolo County,
half a century a resident of Yolo County,
died in Winters on Wednesday and wa4
buried this afternoon.
buried this afternoon.NO CHANCE FOR
THE ASSASSIN
If Will Hoxie Lives He
Will Be Lynched.
— . —
MOB WAITING PATIENTLY
MOB WAITING PATIENTLY
— • —
STAYS ACTION ON ASSURANCE
THE PRISONER IS DYING.
Friends of the Slayer of Sheriff
Coleman Have Advised Him to
Commit Suicide to Avoid
the Avengers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Kan., May 18.— The
extraordinary spectacle of a mob of
several hundred people grimly await
ing the expiration of so many hours
for Its intended victim to either die of
his wounds, commit suicide or be
lynched, is being- witnessed here.
Will Tloxie, who on Monday mur
dered Sheriff Coleman of Washington
County, Kansas, at Hollenbure:. while
resisting; arrest, is the object of the
mob's wrath. He is fatally injured.
having- been shot by the Sheriff.
The mob was pacified yesterday and
during- the night only by the pleadings
of Hoxie's family, and the assurance
of the physician that the man was dy
ing- rapidly and could not survive the
day.
Yesterday the mob leaders announced
that they would not wait longer than
daylight on Friday. The doctors were
certain Hoxie would be dead by that
time, and the mob leaders assert if he
is not they will hang him.
Several members of the mob have
suggested to Hoxie'fl relatives that the
murderer commit suicide if he finds his
wounds will not result fatally, and thus
save the county the odium of having
witnessed the lynching of one of its
citizens.
Hoxie is terror-stricken and these
suggestions from the mob seem to ab
solutely paralyze him. Governor Been
hag been importuned to send troops,
but has not done so, as the Sheriff has
not called for them, and if they were
started the mob would complete its
work long before they could reach
Washington.
A thousand farmers from along the
Nebraska border are in town, all wait
ing for morning to decide what shall
be done. The authorities will make no
resistance, and unless Hoxie has the
courage to kill himself or his wounds i
prove fatal, he will probably be strung
up at daylight.
Sheriff Coleman went to Hollenburg j
last Monday to arrest Hoxie on a war
rant charging him with holding up a
farmer about three weeks ago. and j
when he told Hoxie to throw up his
hands the request was complied with, '
hut when the Sheriff put his gun back
in his pocket and went up to his man '
Hoxie grabbed him by the throat and j
began choking him. The Sheriff man- ,
aged to gel his gun again and shot
Hoxie through the intestines/ but be
fore he could shoot again Hoxie :
wrenched the gun from him and shot
him through the neck, killing him in
stantly.
FRESNO SUITS HAVE
A HUNDRED DEFENDANTS
Voluminous Complaint Filed by the
District Attorney Under the
Grand Jury's Instructions.
FRESNO. May 18.— voluminous com
plaint was filed to-day by District Attor
ney Everts against 102 Pendants in pur
suance of the instructions of the last
Grand Jury. The actions are against the
-visors in office from 1895 to *<*:. and
against Auditor Barnum and Treasurer
Whitson and their bondsmen, to recover
$6796 alleged to have been unlawfully al
lowed and paid by them as Constables*
fees; against them for illegally allow
ing demands for Deputy District Attor
neys and shorthand reporting by Miss
Lou Bearden, aggregating $2400; against
them for $11,456 74 for allowing pay for
services of Deputy Tax Collectors;
against them for $3280 52 for allowing ser
vices of Deputy County Auditors: against
them for $4309 l" for services of Demit?
Sheriffs.
The sum total against each and all of
them is $25.242 the aggregate of the
sums in the various counts. The con
struction placed on the statutes under
which the various employments were had
and th. claims for services allowed are
involved In the litigation.
AFRAID TO BET ON
THE COMING FIGHT
NEW YORK. May IS.— While the fight
between Robert Fitzsimmons and James
Jeffries at the Coney Island Sporting Club
now seems a certainty, unless public sen
timent prevents the men from meeting,
rumors are being circulated which are
calculated to cast discredit upon the bout
before it is held. With or without reason,
the opinion is held by many that the fight
will not be determined upon its merits.
It is impossible to persuade any one with
authority to discuss this matter, but the
fact remains that men who have been in
the habit of betting heavily when any of
the big men of the ring meet are now
keeping their money in their pockets.
They are inclined to lay long odds against
the chances of Jeffries, but are deterred
by a fear that the Australian will not he.
permitted to win. They recall the fate
that met Kit /.simmons after the trouncing
giving by him to Sharkey in San Fran
cisco, and, drawing a parallel, leave the
betting for others to do.
BISHOP JACKSON'S DISGRACE
Asked to Resign Because of His In-
temperance.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., May . Ala
bama church circles are greatly shocked
over the publication in a Birmingham
paper to-day of a story to the effect that
the Episcopal ministers of Alabama had
united in a call upon Right Rev. 11. M.
Jackson, Bishop of the diocese of Ala
bama, for his resignation. The ' Bishop
is charged with excessive indulgence in
alcoholic stimulants. The fact that his
resignation has been asked for is admit
ted by those In a position to know.
Formal charges were preferred against
Bishop Jackson at th" council of the
Episcopal church held at Anniston ten
days ago. but the facts have just leaked
out. Specific proof is said to have been
Offered. Bishop Jackson had been seen*
to fall to the ground In a state of In
toxication at the railway station in Eu
,';n la.
It is further alleged the Bishop un
fortunate habits had become a public
scandal. As a result of the conference
the clergy almost unanimously resolved
to ask for Bishop Jackson resignation.
Bisiicn Jackson comes from one of the
leading families of Virginia.
Buffalo Strike Yet On.
BUFFALO, N. V.. May 18.— The possi- |
bility of an early settlement of the dock
strike was removed this afternoon, and
to-night the end of trouble is apparently j
farther off than ever before. The grain
shovelers have once more declared their
intention of refusing to return to work
until the contract between the Lake Car
riers' Association and Mr. Connors Is ab
rogated. s_£&j
LETTER FROM ANDREE
FOUND IN THE ICE
Nothing to Indicate That There Is Any
Hope of Finding the Intrepid Ex-
plorer at This Late Day.
EITH, Scotland, May 18.— Norwegian ship Viking. %
which arrived here yesterday from Soydlsf jord, -4
brought the report of a letter written by Professor ¥
Andree. which was found In a bottle early in April 0
near Riotung, on the northeast coast of Iceland, by x
a farmer named Johan Magnussen. The letter was *£
then in a bottle, was addressed to the Polar Expedi- 6
tion at Goeteburg and bore Andree's own stamp, with 4
the request that it be placed in the nearest postof- ©
flee. Magnussen, it is said, gave the letter to a mer- q
chant, Svernn Einaison, at Thistilfjord, who mailed it, *
and it is expected to arrive at its destination in the q
course of a few days. At the same time the Viking a,.
brought a letter to a prominent Icelander, now in ©
London, advising him of the facts and requesting him 4r
to telegraph to the King of Sweden and to the Polar x
X Expedition at Goeteburg, which was done. . O
O A dispatch from Copenhagen on April 30 last said Information had "
4 been received there that day from Iceland announcing that a bottle con- T-
O taining a note from Professor Andree, the missing- Arctic explorer, had O
X been found in some polar ice in the neighborhood of Husavik, north of £
9 Reikjavik. The man who found the bottle Is said to have sent it to Retk- .
_, javik, with the request that it be forwarded to Christianla, It was added q
-♦- at the time that the text of the letter would not be known until the ar- ?
© rival of the next mail from Iceland. Mails reach Copenhagen from Ice- 0
X land at intervals, about six times per year. « p
© o
#♦©♦©4©+ ©♦ © 4 O 4 O ♦©♦©+©♦©♦ O ♦©+©>©+ ©4 O 4 © 4 © ♦©♦©♦©♦©+•
TRUCKS TO OUR
WITHOUT HORSES
Auto- Mobiles for San
Francisco.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 18.— Francisco is
not to be behind the other big cities, of
the country in the use of auto-trucks,
! drayage vehicles, the motive power of
which Is compressed air. Arrangements
are nearly completed for organizing sev
eral auto-truck companies in San. Fran-
cisco, Boston, Philadelphia and Chicago.
The Chicago Auto-Truck Company will
have a capital of $15,000,000, the. Boston
Company of (10,000,000, the Philadelphia
Company of $10,000,000 and the San Fran-
cisco Company of $5,000,000. The Inter-
national Power Company will own the
controlling interest in the stock of all
these concerns, but the management will
' be lodged in the hands of local capitalists.
The one to be organized in San Fran
' cisco will have the exclusive rights to
operate auto-trucks in California. Joseph
Deiter, who is largely interested in the
power company, said to-day that they
' were not vet ready to give out the names ;
of the promoters in the several States. It
is hoped to start companies just as soon
ias the auto-trucks are ready. Tests are
. being made at Worcester and efforts will
I be made to put one thousand in operation
here and at Chicago right at the start.
I A little later a number will be sent on
i to San Francisco.
Howard P. Taylor, a well-known mem
ber of the Olympic Club of San Francis
i co. has been ln New York for some time
making arrangements with the Interna
tional Power Company for San Francisco,
and it Is said that he has been successful j
in the matter. He Is about to start for
: home and will proceed to Incorporate a
company on his arrival, having already
Interested a number of capitalists in the
proposed enterprise.
Mr. Taylor came on from San _ ran-
cisco with letters of introduction from
Henry J. Crocker, J. 08. Gunn, Paris
: Kilbum. and other well-known San Fran
ciscans and was Introduced to the auto-
truck people by Mr. de Young, who had
| been spending several weeks in this city.
GUARDING ST. PATRICK'S
CHURCH AND RECTORY
Parishioners Determined to Prevent
the Entrance of Vicar General
Cluse.
ST. LOUIS. May IS.— The crowd of Irish
parishioners that has been guarding St.
Patrick's Church and rectory in East
St. Louis. 111., for the past forty-eight
hours to prevent the entrance of Vicar
General Clause, the newly appointed Ger
man priest. Is. still on duty. This morn
ing the church was unlocked long enough
to hold mass and then relocked and
barred and will be kept so. the parishion
ers assert, until the trouble is settled.
They want an Irish priest and declare
they will not permit Father Cluse, a
German, to take charge of the parish.
The grounds of the church were pa
trolled all day, and to-night a relief guard
went on duty. It has been arranged that
as soon as Father Cluse appears the big
bell of the church will be sounded and the
3000 members of the parish will turn out
prepared to resist the priest's entry into
the church or rectory, it is not known
whether Father Cluse will make an effort
to fill his new appointment. One of the
prominent parishioners said to-day that
the committee that went to Washington
to see Monsignor Martlnelll had received
his assurances that he would suspend the
appointment of Father Cluse until the
matter. could be investigated. Others are
afraid, however, that the German priest
will take charge of the church if they do
not guard against it closely.
AGRICULTURAL DIRECTORS
SACRAMENTO. May 18.— Governor
Gage this morning made the following
appointments of District Agricultural Di
rectors:
Agricultural District No. 1,. embracing
San Francisco and Alameda counties — W.
M. Kent. H. W. Meek. P. E. Dalton. Oak
land: C. S. Crittenden. A. G. Gurnett, R.
B. Milray, San Francisco; A. H. Cohen,
Fruitvale. and C. S. Neal, Alameda.
Agricultural District No. 41 of Del Norte
County— J. P. Wentz, A. Ulrlch and Henry
"Westbrook, all of Smith River.
Agricultural District No. 24 of Kings
and Tulare counties— G. B. McCord, Han
ford: Charles Downing, Armona; C. J.
Berry. Visalla: V. D. Krupp. Porterville;
John Touhy, P. J. S. Montgomery. W. F.
Ingwerson and A. Young, all of Tulare.
PASSING OF THE AVON.
STOCKTON, May Commercialism
or "business" is to transform the Avon
Theater Into a furniture establishment.
The passing of the Avon will interest all
old-time theatrical people. It is a cozy
little playhouse, and from its stage the
people have heard Edwin Booth, John
McCullough and all the artists who Jour
neyed to California in the early days.
The gallery seats on many occasions sold
for $10. $8 and $5 each. The Yosemite,
larger and more centrally located, now
has the booking of all the star attrac
tions and Owner Simpson of the Avon
has decided to remodel the building on
plans which will pay better interest on
the investment. _
Rich Ore in South Dakota.
DEADYVOOD. 5..D.. May 18.— v.-in of
ore carrying $10,000 in- free gold has been
discovered on a ranch near Custer City.
The vein is fourteen inches wide and has
been uncovered for a distance of thirty
five feet but no sinking has been done
vet It is the first quartz tnat has been
found in that vicinity*, although rich
Dlacers have been worked. The find is
creating an excitement in Custer which
amounts almost to a stampede All the
surrounding country Is being staked off
and located. The owners of the ground
have been offered $25,000 for the property.
which they have refused
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL.; FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
PHOTOGRAPHS ME
TAKEN IN COLOR
No Longer a Doubt of
Success.
♦ —
— * —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK*, May IS.— A Chicago spe
cial to the Herald says: Charles N.
Crewdson of the Chicago Society of
Egyptian Research has returned to the
city with the first color photographs ever
: taken of Egyptian scenes. Isochromatie
| plates and the McDonough process of
color photography were the means of his
j achievement.
Mr. Crewdson left Chicago early in the
winter and went directly to London.
thence to Alexandria and finally reached
Cairo, with a thousand plates. Mrs.
Crewdson accompanied him. Their plan
was to avoid the beaten paths of travel,
liv.- among the natives and work with
their cameras among Egyptian ruins.
They succeeded, despite innumerable ac-
cidents to their plates, and brought back
with them the first collection of Egypt
; ian photographs in true colors ever pro
' duced.
The two hundred plates with -which -Mr.
Crewdson returned sustain the accuracy
of the statements of the late James XV.
McDonough' and demonstrate that color
photography is an accomplished fact.
Mr. Crewdson exhibited a large number
of these plates to-day, and they were rev
elations in beauty, marvels of landscape,
sunsets, cloud effects and shadows, each
In color just as presented when the cam
era did its work.
"In three months' work In Egypt," said
Mr. Crewdson. "I have succeeded in do
ing what artists have failed to do for
years, and the result of my work, crude
as It is, but perfect in what was attempt
ed. is now ready for inspection by all
people. I hope to return to Egypt next
winter and to continue this work there.
For the art and the educational world
the result of this trip is certain in time
to be of inestimable value."
! 'wight K. Tripp, whose belief In the
art of color photography led to Mr.
t*rewdson's trip and the color work, said:
"The end Justifies all that has been
claimed for the discoveries of McDonough.
Egypt was the field in which if color pho
tography -was ever to fail It would fall.
That it did not fail, but instead has given
us photographs such as never existed be
fore. is but evidence that a revolution in
art and science is coming through the use
of the color, camera."
RECOVERED INTELLECT
AFTER FIFTY THREE YEARS
Strange Injury to a Mexican War
Veteran Restores Him to His
. Former State.
TOLEDO. Ohio, May Mathias Stein
berger, who lives with relatives on a
farm in Jackson Township, a few miles
out of Fostoria, has recovered his mem
ory and intellect after a lapse of fifty
three years. He Is a veteran of the Mex
ican war and was a member of Payne's
Regiment of Pennsylvania cavalry. His
regiment participated in the battle of
Resaca de la Palma. While riding at the
head of a company his horse stumbled
and fell. He was thrown violently over
the animal's head, striking upon his own
head upon a pile of rocks. He immedi
ately lost consciousness and for a time
his spine appeared to he affected. From
that time he has been scarcely what
might be termed an idiot, yet he was of
no value to himself or anybody else.
During this long -period of mental aber
ration he has frequently said he was 21
years of age and that at the next elec
tion he Intended to vote for General Tay
lor for President. While watching some
workmen saw wood with a buzz saw yes
terday near his home he was struck on
the head with a piece of flying wood and
knocked senseless. He did not recover
for some time, but when he regained his
faculties he had completely recovered the
powers he had lost over half a century
ago. V:
MISHAPS CAUSE THE
BARBAROSSA TO RETURN
Fire in the Steamer's Hold Followed
by a Collision and Sinking of
Barges.
NEW YORK. May 18.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamship Barbarossa, which
sailed for Southampton and Bremen- at
11 o'clock this morning, was discovered
on fire while she was passing Sandy Hook
two hours later, and put bacK to port. The
fire was in the forward hold. , The Bar
barossa fought the fire with steam and
water, and with the aid of wrecking tugs
and fire boats drowned it out two hours
later while lying at quarantine.
The vessel while on her way up the
river after the fire in her hold had been
put out hit the French liner La Bretagne,
lying in her pier in the North River, shov
ing the Bretagne'fl bow through .two Ice
barges, the Richard Foster and the Leroy,
sinking them. No one was injured.
The cargo in the Barbarossa's forehold
will have to be discharged before the ves
sel resumes her voyage, but It is hoped
that the steamship will be able to sail
to-morrow. The Barbarossa carried ' 487
passengers. After the flames had been
subdued and the Barbarossa tied up at
her pier in Hoboken many of the passen
gers . came ashore.
Troops, to Enforce Quarantine.
WASHINGTON. May IS.— The Secretary
of War to-day ordered the commanding
officer at Fort Wingate. New Mexico, to
dispatch an adequate force of troops im
mediately to the Mogul Pueblo Indian
villages i:i Arizona to assist in overcom
ing resistance to the work of disinfecting
and quarantining (lie villages where
smallpox is preva'ert. Secretary Alger
save that with refill vaccination there
will be little danger to the troops, as they
will be used only to enforce the orders of
the agent.
Trunk moved, 25c; furniture, pianos, freight.
=-■—-' Tmrsfer Co.. 530 .Tones: tei. Sutter 441.
THE HANDICAP
CAPTURED BY
SPEEDY MAY W
Rosormonde Finished
Second in a Drive.
— ♦ —
FOUR CHOICES COME IN FIRST
FOUR CHOICES COME IN FIRST
— ♦ —
JOCKEY JENKINS AGAIN CAR-
RIED AWAY RIDING HONORS.
»
Bamboulia Keeps Up His Winning
Clip — The Fretter in Front in
Fast Time l Don't Know
Unlucky.
Fleet May W, the Calgary mystery, is
one of the favored horses of fortune.
Don Cameron's breadwinner was assigned
top weight In the handicap at Oakland
yesterday and was rightfully Installed a
9-to-10 favorite. Accorumg to the pro
gramme her position at the post was
third from the rail. Before the betting
had progressed any length of time Caller
McGibben announced in the ring that
May XV had been given the. outside posi
tion. On her back was Bill Dingley, the
Montana wizard. At the post Dingley
yanked the mare about some lengths
back of the 'barrier and then suddenly
made a dart for the webbing. Intuition
seemed to tell Starter Caldwell to re
lease the harrier. He did, and the field
chased her home. 'Rosormonde in a hard
drive took the place from Genua. ;Y-.Y:
Jenkins easily outclasses the balance of
the riding talent, placing four winners
over the plate. The young man evidently
rejected the tempting proposals made by
the Gravediggers' Consolidated Union, for
he lands (lrst on favorites and outsiders
alike. Four choices succeeded in captur-
ing purses. ■RSPHQgggfc.B
The good colt Bamboulia made a gallop
of the two-year-old event. The ring held
him a 7-to-lO chance, and the youngster
won without effort from Bathos. Tom
Sharkey took the show.
A cheap lot of "crabs" started in the
five-and-a-half-furlong scramble follow
ing. Correct, with Kiley in the saddle.
was played down to favoritism, but was
easllv beaten by Gold Baron, piloted by
Jenkins. The latter ruled a 4-to-l chance
in the ring and led from the start.
The Fretter, which started on Wednes- <
day and met with hard racing luck, had \
better success in the mile selling event. :
Drifting back to 8 to 1 in the betting Bas-
singer got home on the Brutus colt over !
a length before Lost Girl. Tullet. astride j
i the favorite. Wyoming, managed to get
away from the post poorly, running third.
The latter was reported to have broken
down after the race.
The seven-furlong run, also decided un
der selling conditions, proved a gift for
Daisy F. The ring laid no price to speak
of against the mare, and she blew in.
four lengths in the lead of Highland Ball.
Oddly named I Don't Know carried the
coin of the paddock crowd to beat the )
favorite, Novia. in the closing spring.
Dingley rode the outsider to perfection,
only to be downed a nose in the hardest
sort of a drive. After breaking away in j
front of his field on three seperate oc
casions Caldwell released the barrier with
the heavily played Amasa left at the \
post. •
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
First Race- Five-eighths of a mile; two-
First Race— Five-eighths of a mile; two-
year-olds; selling:
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday, May 18, 1899.— Eighty-sixth
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
•Left. ••Pulled up.
Time— 3-16.. :19; 7-16. :43\_; 5%f, 1:08 V;. Winner, M. F. Tarpey's b. m. by Imp. Islington-
Hlleen. • Bad start. Won first three driving. •
Novla won on gameness. ■ Etta H has lost her form. *
Scratched— Nuncomar 107. C___tro_he 107. Rlcardo 107, Graclas 102.
927 La Arnica ins] ...Bagdad ins
1096 Devereaux 11l 1143 Racetto 10?
1143 Jennie Riley. ..im\ 1132 Flush of G01d. .108
1137 The Buffoon.... 108 1143 The Scot .108
1143 Palapa ins 829 El Arte 108
1110 May Gertrude.. 1081 1149 Castiso 108
1137 Tanobe 108 1107 Champion Rose.
1132 Aborigine 1081 1143 Hindoo Prlnc's.lOS
1143 March Seven.. .loß' . . : ;".'
Second Five-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds:. • .. ■ .
(1131)Panimint 107 1150 Gold Baron 104
1135 Anchored ......107 1131 Pompino 104
1150 Bland 107 1065 Gilt Edge 104
1131 Purniah 104 1135 Racebud 102
1150 Limatus 102 (1139) Sylvan La 55. ...102
934 The Miller ....104, 1139 Florence Fink. .lo2
1135 Solstice 102 1135 Judge Wofford. 104
Third Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing: three-year-olds and up:
1146 Ringmaster ...109, 884 Esplrando 107
993 Stromo ..._...101i 1145 Lothian 95
<991)Rosalbra .......112 1133 Peter Weber.... 95
1047 Gov. Sheehan.. ll2 i 1145 New Moon ....107
1138 Montallade ....1091 1154 I Don't Know.
(1135) Romany 95! 1138 Cavallo 109
1122 Rlcardo ........1091 1140 February 11l
1087 Mocorlto 105! 1064 Magnus *..107
1144 Juva 93 1151 Saintly 95
Fourth Race— One mile: three-year-olds and
up: selling:
1136 Coda 107! 1146 Imperious 105
1115 Roadrunner 1121 1125 Thyne 109
800 Tom Smith ....1091 1148 San Venad0. ...112
1084 Meadowlark ...109 1141 Socialist 105
(1142)EIidad 108 (1146) Jennie Reid.... 99
Fifth Race — Seven-eighths of a mile; four?
year-olds and up:
1048 Schnitz ........1141 1074 Torsida 107
1142 Grady 114 1142 Una Colorado.. lll
1142 Earl Cochran... lll 1 .1140 Fnrmella 107
1142 Tempo 112 1065 Crawford 11l
1152 Lost Girl 109 1148 Durward 11l
Sixth Race— Five-eighths of a mile; selling;
maidens; four-year-olds and up:
1117 Nuncomar 107 j 1117 Paul Kruger. ..lo7
1139 Catastrophe ...107 1138 Flacon 107
1139 Henry C 107 ... Little Princess. 102
1085 Majesty 104 ... Midlothian 105
1093 Don Vallejo 107 1117 Santa Lucia... .105
...Yucatan II 105 10S5 Jennie Gibbr...los
Seventh Race Seven-eighths of a mile; han
dicap; three-year-olds and up:
(1151) May W 1241 1148 Widow Jones... 98
1153 Daisy F 1191 1153 Los Medanos... 98
1140 La Goleta.. 11l 1145 Horatio 95
1140 Horton 104 1112 Brown Prince.. SO
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Scot, Devereaux, Flush of
Gold.
Second Race— Florence Fink, Pompino, Race
bud.
Third Race— February. Mocorlto. Rosalbra.
Fourth Race— Elidad, San Venado, Jennie
Reid.
Reid.
Fifth Torsida. Una Colorado, Durward.
Sixth Race— Majesty, Jennie Glbb, Santa
Lucia.
Lucia.
Seventh Race— Horatio, La Goleta, Horton.
Illustrated Outing Number.
S. F. News Letter Saturday; 40 pages of
picturesque views and ideas where to go.
Don't miss it. Only a dime. *
■ _ ■
SLOT MACHINES.
Judge Sweeney of Redding Says They
Should Not Be Protected Against
Counterfeit Coins.
The decision of Judge Sweeney of the
Superior Court of Redding in the case
of W. N. Wood, arrested in Keswick for
playing lead imitations of nickels in a
slot machine, was the subject of consider
able comment in the Federal building yes
terday. . Judge Sweeney decided that as
the State statute under which the prison
er was prosecuted did not include nickel
coin as a subject of unlawful • counter
feiting, there was nothing to hold the
prisoner.
Secret Service Agent Browne said that
if Wood had been prosecuted under the
Federal statute he would have been con
victed, because the Federal statute
names "gold, silver, nickei. copper and
other coins," whereas the State statute
names only gold and silver. That part
of Judge Sweeney's decision in which he
said that the State did not intend to
make laws for the protection of gambling
machines, by which he meant nickel-in
the-slot contrivances, caused considerable
excitement among saloon men and cigar
dealers who have . machines which pay
only cigars and drinks to the winner, and
which they claim are not gambling de
vices, being intended only to Increase the
sale of drinks and cigars, and usually
coming out even at the end of the day.
« ♦ . — .
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner . Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
THE EMPORIUM. ; THE EMPORIUM.
V3*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥-¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥'G&
* Senor fTISIf T!PMIM_IIM-il IWB sknorita *
J Vargas will Hi|E t™"^W_BlJBB Guerittawill J
I Vargas will |H[ tWPO|C||j»fl Guerimzvi/l J
* sing Satur. mW^r*.-^**** -» sing Salur- *
£ day night. r «oi<le-lJ_«leßai_:a.a.r. T^ dJ •;/ *
* /OSS * o^7^ *
* /} c ALL-DAY -~d--S *
* // Special Sales— // *
» // sDA>£TC/AL sSAL£3 — // *
w v v *
* ■ ■ y <•
* *
» «
* Over-stock sale of Men's actual %
J Over-stock sale of Men's actual X
¥ value $15.00, $16.50 and $17.50 «
* value $15.00, $16.50 and $17.50
J Suits at $9.45 continues. Many *
£ Suits at $9.45 continues. Many
» new lines added. Money back if J
£ new lines added. Money back if *
> not ■in every way satisfactory. <*
> not in every way satisfactory.
#> 'f
* • : : - -_>
» — *
i Half-Price Sale *
* Half-Price Sale *_s-i#!_k I
___ mm*.mm m _. rs lf\__s^ Js_tr^*V>_HV_ _W
J Ribbon *
J Ribbon „^^^^^^^^M- '
* Remnants. j
» 2000 Remnants Ribbons, comprising Satin )P\\(, |\ I *
J Ribbons and Fancy Ribbons, an extensive asAJw7) J
{ sortment of colorings, some slightly soiled, on 'j^^r J
» sale to-day (Bargain Friday) at One-Half «
» sale to-day (Bargain Friday) at One-Half
J Regular Remnant Prices. ? J
» : — — *
l 50c on the $1.00. I
* We shall begin on Monday, May 22, an extra- 5
I ordinary sale of trimmed hats, continuing . J
i ordinary sale of trimmed hats, continuing J
* until all of a large special purchase have been *
* sold. The following letter tells the story : «-
t P. J. BRETT & CO., S
i P. J. BRETT & CO.,
* Manufacturers of *
* NOVELTIES IN LADIES' HATS, *
* 25 and 27 West Houston Street, *
J Telephone 1308 Spring. Near Mercer Street. J
J NEW YORK, May 9th, '99. ': <-
* EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR. San Francisco, Gal.—Gentlemen: «
* We accept your offer of 50c on the dollar tor the 230 Ladies' Trimmed H_..s, as per *
£ samples by express. We have never before sold hits for such low prices, J
i n7vou know we are among the leaders in th, millinery hue. There are many ,m- *
£ Ported pattern hats 'th. Tot that cost us more for duty alone than you are paying. J
I Thesale is a bgone, howler and we wish you every success the eoods. *
* Goods go by express to-day. Very truly yours, P. J. BRETT & CO. «
¥ '__ - . '■ : *
* For 'Bargain Friday Only. Bargain Friday Sale of J
* 12\C Percales 6\C. Men's Handkerchiefs. *
» " Y--YY \ .' Da_„j_ Too many Colored-Border Handker- *
J This offering of best V»^J^^ I chiefs on hand. Here is the way we rid *
» includes bothmelium and light colorings, ._,„ of the„. -J *
» in small neat figures and Gripes. Tney dozeQ Handkerchiefs, «
* are a pick-up of our buyer, and are en- for men. neat, sty.ish colored J
J tirely different from any w J have jet borders; the kind we hive always sold at 2 *
{ had. Tney are a_ll>..c per J"'l ' for 25 on sale to-day only, each 7c J
J but to-day's price is exactly one-half, or „ FineLinea*anl Cambric Hand- J
.» " " ' A kerchiefs, full sizj, pretty borders and «
* .♦..._._.....-_».». V* ker-jjiefg, full size, pretty borders and «
* _=_ /_, R/,^/7,'M desirable in every way; a few small lots *
_ ffS ;' Bargain of Plain White Heffi;t tched Handker- «
* Friday Only. chiefs included; our regular 20c or 3 for *
* __*___ Friday Only. chiefs included; our regular 20c or 3 for J
_ *^^_3^^ 50c qualities, on sale to-day, each...! _»
J f.^J, 35c Dolls I .c  ..; . , *
t t/a 35c Dolls .. . Z
* W'^ D " Bargain Friday Sbecials in <*
* Ml I\\ 18° m Stationery. I
« /1/7/ '\_ • _*
__ fcvj ' / 7/ Full patent jo nt- 1 Hurlburt's Fine Stationery —Perfection J
J [' If ed 12-inch Doll ; flax j Wove. Old. Dorchester Bond and York- J
\ ' '/) hair, mov ng eye?; shire Linen —octavo siz?. in cream, blue,
9, I __?_ showing teeth, azure and heliotrope tint ■-, 24 sheet-paper v
¥ Till dressed in fancy and 25 envelopes; regular price 25c box; <#
* \/l/ S-'P ' regu,ar'y 3^c to-day only 18 *
* 11 [V each —on special sale Hurlburt's Fine Stationery —Perfection ♦
* U . to-day at 18c Wove. Old Dorchester Band and York- *
'£ —— shire Linen, new squan* shape, in cream, *
J A Bargain Friday. blue, azure and heliotrope tints. 24 sheets
a. ■•■__. __.*____; o__#__ paper and 25 envelopes; regular price 35c -,
J . Blanket Sale. box, to-day only _?_?<? I
* Two lines of nice quality 10-4 Bian- : . <'
? kets—one lot white, the other a pretty i Friday and Saturday Specials. *
£ fawn color—size 56x76 inches ; good for : f^^tntnta _•«__<_ m # -__.i'___«c «
* extra bed covering or for camping pur- VtrOCCrtCS» - LoUUOrS V
j*. poses, also for ironing blankets—a spien-| Emporium ...i'Jj^ ~v^ , 4*
* did 60c value; to-day only, per pair ...48c j flour—for the \ f J!*__ <"
* 2 days 78C 4tJ/Cifvn^i\ *
J Bargain Shredded M kT5^ _
J /-—x /^n'iav 5„7£? 0/ Co on nut — W <t.%> Z^/ J
* /AY Enameled ' bulk, the best qnal- /Mi2^_iSX «
* I ff\\ Ware. ltv' resuiarlv 18c fe i?^fte^\ *
* I( \\ _ r fPi, lb, 2 lbs for 25_ /E2S^?7\\\*
_ •7 _ 1 \ Several s 238 of Plates ' _ _ lvftj?&&^JL\ \\ «
& | 11 and oblong P.atters-the «^W «oa#» (j^g£* g :VO J
» If) best quality imported | ~:h& 10'0Z*o^e* __fg_S_/»3^**g^^
* fin /-/ white enamel ware— 4 for -*?__■ *
* W^—d^- —^1 merly soldi Eastern Rolled Oats—Fr-sh **
* ir^^-^W_^S_**x~^ from 15c to and clean, 11 lbs _?__ *
£ %_T_^~_--^^^ 25c each— | White or Yellow Corn Meal— 2
- rr** ' on spec;al j 10-lb. sacks.... 15c*
± ale to-day only at 9c De Lory Sardines — J-s, fine «
* " French good?, re<?_ariy 13c. for /__ -*1
* On Bargain Friday —The^e Luncheon Queen Olives— *
J 25cMedalions 18c. "'^^o^Bii^o^S, J
J Dainty / [^^§s^*^|^_r^Sn !°- swee*' corn m Tennessee, the most -j,
m, Meda ion 7 S__^- '/^V_^-__^_ palatable and pleasing whisky manu- «#
#i Photo- m ffl^'^a^CJ»*y|| r tured, money refunded if it does not "<•
» graphs of / BV™_s~ ___i'-^«l-Vy ease you, full quart bottles; regularly -1
* Standard / B||fflfr|g_q_l f ?Lso' *or $1.07*
* Sjbjjct*. pjj_lfj) Imported Ginger Ale—Birch's, *
_ such as *— ' reg llarly $1.50 doz n, for $1*35 2
J St Cecilia, Pharaoh's Horses, Christ at Full quarts Champion Bour- %
J Gethsemane, etc.; size 4'*-x6 inches ; j bon—R-gularly $1, for. 75c «
#, made with easel back; regularly 25c each, j Table Claret— Emporium bott'- «
#. on sale to-day for. .....180 | ing, quarts, regularly $4 doz., for $3.15 *
¥•"'■'' *_
* The Ftee Exhibition of the %markahie Wax •*
J Grow/?, "Christ Before Pilate," Closes June 1. Jl
J Grout), "Ch fist Be/ore Pilale," Closes June i. J
f>A*4»******<>*******A**»***»4**--44**---_<.<_»<.A,^
MARTIN FRAGLEY'S WITNESSES
The Mission Police Hunting for Im
. ___: _ ,_- -a & n
aginary Street Workers Over
the Hills. .
One hundred and forty-six subpenas
have been given Captain Gillen of the
Seventeenth-street police station for ser
vice In the case of the Board of Supervis
ors vs. Martin Fragley. To. serve all
of these Captain Gillen has detailed five
of his best men. They are J. F. Sheehan,
J. P. Carson., C. H. Taylor, J. T. Edner
and Neil Rearden. These five men have
been out for the last two days scouring
the hills and hollows in search of the
TO HANG DESPITE HIS
PROOFS OF INNOCENCE
• '— 1
THE appeal in the suit of Jack Davis against J. E. Burke, Sheriff of 1
Cassia County. Idaho, was argued and submitted yesterday in the *
United States Circuit Court of Appeals. Davis, or "Diamond jack," as '
he is known, was convicted in an Idaho court of murder and sentenced 9
I to death. After his conviction the man who did the killing confessed I
• and surrendered himself. His plea was self-defense, and he was acquitted.
I Then Davis, whose innocence had been.clearly established by the acquittal of I
© the homicide, appealed to the Supreme Court of Idaho. The Supreme Court Q
I held that the record was perfect, in fact as fine a record as one could see in I
• a day's journey; that there were no Errors on which .the innocent man could _
"V- hang an appeal,, and that he would have to be hanged, notwithstanding v his |
©innocence. From this "dogmatic decision Davis appealed to the United States Q
I Circuit Court. Should that tribunal decide that the appeal is not well founded • I
© ; the Governor of Idaho may grant a pardon. m
©-©-©T-©-©*-©-©-©-©-©-©: ©';:© '©-©-©f©-©-©' ©: © :>■
men supposed to havo done work for th«
men supposed to have done work for th<
city under the administration of Fraj?ley.
.. In-a pood many .cases there are nc
houses at the address these hard-worklna
men are given on the list of honest toil
ers. ■
« ♦ «
. __»__-
A 7oun& woman dentist -who was
called in by the Sultan of Turkey to
look after the teeth of his favorites
relates her experiences in the harem,
"lates her experiences in the harem,
ln next Sunday's Call.
■ ♦ «
Bread may be the staff of life, but
what the average man wants is a faJ
pudding.
56
FRIDAY. ...MAY 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F,
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574. . . ,
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, _ cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month : «5c
SUNDAY CALL One Year.. ; 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. GEO. KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE „. Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
A_rTJSE__ENTS.
Columbia "On and Off."
Grand Opera House — "Pinafore" and "Cavallerta Rusti-
■___"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "His Japanese Wife."
TlvoU— "Orpheus and Eurydlce."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc
Excursion to Ban Sunday, May TL
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— This day, at 11 a, m.* at 220 Valencia
St., Horses.
By Baldwin _ Thursday, May 25, at 12 o'clock. Real
Estate, at . 10 Montgomery street.
SYSTEMATIC STREET REPAIRING.
WHAT appears to be a good solution of the
problem of street repairing is contributed to
the current number of the Merchants' Asso
ciation Review by L. M. King, superintendent of the
association. The proposal is that the city be divided
into districts for street repair work, and that the work
in each district be carried on continuously. Mr. King
says:
"Suppose that instead of the present uncertain
method of repairing streets, the city were divided into
districts, each containing, say, one mile of basalt
block or cobble pavement, and that to each district
were assigned a man who would be made responsible
for putting his district in repair and keeping it in re
pair thereafter. Each man would work continually
in his respective district. He would first go over the
district gradually repairing the worst holes and after
ward turn his attention to the minor holes and de
pressions and replacing badly worn or uneven blocks.
To place his district in repair would at first take some
time, probably six months or a year in some parts of
the city, but, once in repair, it would be comparatively
easy to keep it in that condition, provided he was con
stantly at work there. A small supply of sand, gravel
and a few paving blocks would have to be kept at
some place in each district.''
The advantages to be expected from such a system
are that street repair work would be carried on upon
all cobble or basalt ■ paved streets simultaneously;
immediate attention would be given to complaints
and special repairs made at once; the yearly amount
of money required for street repairs could be more
accurately calculated for the tax levy, and the street
repair force would be a permanent body of workmen
who would soon acquire skill and efficiency in the
business.
The suggestion merits the careful attention of the
municipal authorities. It is full time some adequate
system of street repairing was adopted and put into
operation.
UNSATISFIED BOSTON.
ALTHOUGH the present tariff was drawn up by
a committee presided over by a New England
man, Mr. Dingley, and was revised by a Sen
ate committee presided over by another New Eng
ender, Senator Aldrich, and was designed to give
New England interests at least as much protection as
was accorded to those of any other section of the
Union, Boston is not satisfied. There comes from
her people a demand for a repeal of the duty on
hides.
It is not free-traders who have started the demand,
but the New England Shoe and Leather Association,
and the Boston Journal declares "New England pro
tectionists will pretty solidly sympathize with them."
It is said a determined effort will be made at the
coming session of Congress to bring about a repeal
of the duty. The argument of the opponents of the
duty is that hides are a by product and that a duty
upon them is not necessary for the protection of the
cattle industry. It was on that ground the fight was
made against the hide duty when first proposed, and
the new movement merely revives the old con
troversy.
From a New England standpoint the repeal is of
course much to be desired. Comparatively few hides
are produced in that section and a great many shoes
are manufactured there. In fact, the output of boots
and shoes is so large that an enormous and increasing
export trade is carried on in the business. Thus the
manufacturers wish cheap raw materials, and from
their point of view there is nothing to justify the hide
duty. It is one of the cases where the local interest
of one section is opposed to the local interest of
another.
It is not likely, however, that Congress will give
much heed to the demand for the repeal of the duty.
It was not placed upon the tariff until after full and
fair consideration of the interests of all parts of the
Union. American raw material is as much entitled to
protection as American manufactured goods. No
better argument can be given for protecting the shoe
industry of Boston than for protecting the cattle in
dustry of the West. That view of the subject was
taken by the Congress that enacted the tariff, and it
is fairly certain that if an attempt is made to ma
terially change any of the schedules there will arise
a demand for wholesale revision, and a general tariff
debate will be precipitated.
The Journal itself concedes that while the tariff in
jures New England industry in one point, that injury
is outbalanced a hundred times by benefits which the
tariff bestowed. Such being the case, it is to be
hoped the shoe and leather men will not be encour
aged in trying to bring about a change in it. This
country will not/ be in a mood for further tariff
tinkering for many a year to come.
A Green City physician has discovered the elixir
of eternal life in a goat. It always was a matter of
common belief that a goat could project his perfume
into the future for a generation at least
A MONUMENT FOR DEWEY.
\A AYOR PHELAN has given a prompt and
/ \ favorable response to the suggestion of The
* ' ■' * Call that he appoint a committee to take
charge of the work of raising money for the purpose
of erecting in this city a monument to Admiral
Dewey. The committee, to be appointed to-day, will
soon organize and set about its task, and there can be
little doubt that it will find the public cordially re-
sponsive to the enterprise.
/ By reason of the duties which his office is likely to
impose upon him in the future, the home of the Ad
miral will of necessity be in the East at the national
capital. His most notable monument, however,
should be on this coast, for his victory was. a Pacific
Ocean event, and its most notable effects will be vis
ible in the expanding commerce and growing su
premacy of the United States on that ocean to whose
waters San Francisco is the nation's' chief gateway.
While there will be liberal contributions made in
California to the Eastern movement undertaken to
provide a mansion for the Admiral, such donations
will be so small a part of the sum raised they will not
fairly represent Western gratitude and admiration for
the hero. In fact, they will be lost sight of in the
larger giving of the East, and California and her sis
ter States of the coast will get comparatively little
credit for what is given in that way. A monument
in this city, however, would be unmistakably a West
ern manifestation of honor to the hero, and would
therefore reflect full credit upon those by whose
energy, patriotism, and liberality it was raised.
It is hardly necessary to point out to the people of
San Francisco and of California the debt of gratitude
they owe to Dewey for the promptness with which he
destroyed the Spanish fleet, crushing the naval power
of Spain in the Pacific and thus removing at once all
fear of assault upon our commerce and all menace to
our coast cities. Rarely has any community in. time
of war been more promptly or more signally freed
from all possibility of danger by a single great mili
tary achievement than was this city by the glorious
triumph of Manila Bay.
It is certain that had a movement been started last
May to provide a monument for Dewey the money
would have been subscribed within a week. Such was
the ardor and the enthusiasm of the people at the
time. That excitement is gone, but the deeper senti
ments of honor and gratitude remain. To these the
monument committee will appeal. They will ask the
people no more than to join in a movement toward
erection in this city of a memorial which will be a per
petual reminder of the feelings of patriotism and loy
a!ty\vhich animate this generation, and to such an
appear there can be but one response on the part of
the liberal and the loyal.
AGRICULTURE IN ALASKA.
WHILE the Alaskan boom has presented some
glowing views of agricultural as well as mining
possibilities, the. outer world may well be
skeptical concerning them. Even the Alaskans them
selves doubt them, and the newspapers which are now
representing the Territory are far from being in ac
cord on the subject.
A late issue of the Alaska Dispatch of Juneau, for
example, contains an account of a speech recently de
livered before the Alaska Geographical Society by
Bishop P. T. Rowe, from which it appears the
Bishop takes quite a sanguine view of the subject.
He is quoted as having said that along the Yukon, in
the region around Nulato, cranberries are found in
abundance, also blue berries, salmon berries and red
currants. Potatoes, turnips, lettuce, beets and peas
are grown. The Bishop ate green peas at Nulato.
He mentioned these things as showing the possible
resources in the land of the midnight sun. Grass at
the mission grows from four to six feet high, and at
Fort Selkirk he saw potatoes growing, but they have
to be protected from the frosts. The winters are
not much longer than in Northern Michigan, but the
moss varies from six to eight inches in depth and it
keeps the frost in the ground.
The same paper reports Professor C. C. Georgesen,
who has had charge of the governmental investiga
tions into the agricultural possibilities of Alaska, as
saying: "My efforts were successful, even beyond ex
pectations. I succeeded in growing a long line of
early vegetables to a perfection not often excelled in
the States, and. in addition, in maturing oats, barley
and flax, all of first-class quality, although none of
these things were seeded until the latter part of May.
Grass and clover of various kinds grew prodigiously
from seed, and proved beyond doubt the adaptation
of the soil and climate for the growth of forage for
cattle. Oats attained a height of over five feet and
matured a quality seldom equaled." The same is true
of barley. Fiber flax grew more than a yard tall and
matured seed fully."
Such statements as those in the Dispatch are likely
to encourage people who wish a free farm in the land
, of the aurora borealis, but the Alaska Miner, pub
lished in the same city, gives a strong warning to all
who think of entering upon the venture. Comment
ing upon an advertisement in a paper in St. Louis
offering inducements to persons to purchase Govern-
ment land in Alaska, the Miner says it is nothing
short of an attempt to defraud the public, and adds:
"How often are we to say that this is not a country of
farms, that its resources are of a mining and not of
an agricultural nature? The Government has an
agent now at Sitka who is experimenting with a yoke
of oxen. He is attempting to prove that a crop of
some kind or other can be raised. There are indi
vidual spots in Alaska where cereals can be raised,
and Kodiak Island is pretty well covered with grass,
but does this constitute a farming district? If it is a
fact that crop failures are unknown it is because there
have never been any crops to fail."
The conclusion of the whole matter is: Alaska is
a pretty good place to stay out of unless you have
money enough to burn to keep you warm while there
and some left to come home on after having had
enough of the experience.
A "NEW IRELAND" PROGRAMME.
ACCORDING to a special correspondent of the
London Chronicle, the effect of the self-
government acquired by the counties of Ire-
land under the new act will be the inauguration of a
■ "New Ireland" movement which will be directed
I toward industrial development as much as toward
! political home rule. His claim is that while the
! county governments cannot themselves directly ac
■ complish what is desired, they nevertheless furnish
organized official bodies to lead the people in the
struggle for the desired improvements.
. The programme as outlined is a most extensive one.
The correspondent points out that by-reason of the
fact that farmers in other countries have been ma
terially aided by their Governments in improving their
methods of agriculture, while the Irish farmers have
had no such aid, the rural industries of Ireland have
been well nigh destroyed. The result is the British
market imports from foreign lands much that ought
to be obtained from Ireland.
j In a review of the situation the writer says: "It
1 only wants the teaching and the start. Three million
__*_■_»__ _C____^_rt _ . -
THE SA_T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
acres might be replanted with forests, such as once
covered the whole island. In twenty-five years they
would yield an enormous profit, like the Landes in
France. At least one and a half minion acres of the
six million waste land might be reclaimed for agri
culture. Fisheries could be developed; the Celtic
Cornishmen and Bretons are among the best fishers
of the world. ' Home arts and industries are particu
larly suited for Celtic taste and skill in handicraft.
Ireland's immense water power might be utilized as
in Switzerland. As it is, the crops and stock alone are
valued at £112,000,000. To say that this might easily
be doubled with encouragement and instruction is a
low estimate."
• Most of the work comprehended in the programme
was recommended some years ago by a committee
appointed by Parliament to examine and report upon
Irish conditions. This commission, known as "the
recess committee," gathered a large amount of in
formation from all classes of the Irish people and
strongly urged governmental action along the lines
indicated. Nothing, however, was done. Now that
the county government act has placed local admin
istration under the control of the Irish people, a fight
for the reforms is likely to be taken up in earnest.
The Chronicle's correspondent says: "Probably
one of the first aims of the new councils or their dele
gates will be to establish a central body of agricul
tural direction, intelligence and instruction such as
the recess committee advised. I do not see how it
would be possible for the English Government to re
fuse assistance. Irish members are continually voted
down, but if the local bodies are to have no voice in
the larger Irish questions, let us drop the farce of
representation altogether. We have ground Ireland
between contradictory systems — a garrison without
guidance, and representation without redress. Let us,
at all events, be honest in the system we have granted
at last."
THE CUBAN SITUATION.
THE opinionof many army officers that trouble
is ahead in Cuba seems to be backed by events
in the island.
The recognition by Congress of the freedom and
independence of Cuba, in the declaration of war
against Spain, was accepted in good faith by the Cu
ban leaders, and they no doubt expect us to abide by
it. So far there is no indication that our Government
intends, to do any such thing. The whole island is
under rigid military government, and the American
Captain General is appointing all the civil officers,
even to the members of the judiciary. The habits of
the people, even to their costume, are dictated from
our military headquarters, and the stores and business
places are opened and closed by order of the com
mander. It was contended by Foraker, Money, Mor
gan, Mason, Lewis, Dolliver and other members of
the House and Senate, only a year ago, that there was
an organized Cuban government in operation and
capable of discharging international obligations. If
such a government existed, it has been superseded by
a military establishment exported to the island from
this country. That establishment has ordered the dis
arming of the Cuban people, and they are to be de
prived of the means of resistance, of defense and
offense. . ; " .
Nothing is given out by the administration as to the
termination of this autocracy in Cuba. No steps are
being taken to permit the people there to meet and
discuss the preliminaries of self-government. Indeed,
every attempt on their part to do so is already treated
as "seditious," and it is probable that a general move
ment to realize the expectation of independence which
we encouraged a year ago would be treated as rebel
lion against the United States, and the hopes of the
Cubans for liberty would join those of the Filipinos
in the limbo of lures and lights held out to attract
confidence and betray it.
The prospect is that our military occupation will
continue indefinitely. The longer it exists the less
fit will the people be found for self-government. Mili
tary rule is the most offensive form of government
and the most disastrous to the manhood of a people
who are its victims. Disarming the Cubans reduces
them to abject helplessness. They must submit to
military dictation or take the consequences. While
such rule is bad for them, it is worse for the people
in whose name it is put upon them. If any man had
charged, a year ago, that to-day this republic would
be exercising military autocracy over nearly twenty
millions of men in the Philippines, Ladrones and
West Indies, and that a protest of the victims would
be made powerless by disarming them, he would have
been hotly denounced as a slanderer of his country.
But we are doing it, and the fashion grows to call the
victims our "subjects," and yell "treason" at all
Americans who flinch at the spectacle.
The imperialist plan is undoubtedly to organize a
pretended government in Cuba, by and by, in which
the patriots and the people have no representation,
and use it only to go through the forms of annexa
tion. The success of a like scheme in Hawaii has in
spired the enemies of the rights of man everywhere.
and it is pitiful that they are strong enough to bring
in sight such a miserahle outcome of all our altruistic
professions toward Cuba.
But it is regarded as of more importance that the
sugar mills shall grind cane than that the aspirations
of a people for liberty shall be promoted. .The to
bacco crop is greater than this country's sense of
honor, which should impel every man to keep faith
with Cuba and the world.
We have to go back nearly eight centuries to find
a case in history that equals this.
When a revolutionary minority in Ireland accepted
the assistance of Henry of England they soon found
themselves and their enemies the slaves of the com
mon oppressor, who had come to them as an unself
ish friend and became at once an unfeeling tyrant.
That was the beginning of centuries of misrule in Ire
land under which the people groan to this day. Men
who believe that the weak have rights which the
strong should respect will have reason to hope that
the examples of Ireland and Cuba will have no future
imitators.
, C. P. Huntington, in criticizing an open letter of
condemnation by Senator John. J. Boyce, says he is
not inclined to hold the, State legislator responsible
even for his own utterances. Nobody would expect
Collis to do so after the secret of the Blackstock re
port was exposed. There is a very serious doubt that
Huntington knows that he has replied to Boyce. .
■ Oora Paul may derive' some credit from the dis
covery of another British plot to overthrow his re
public, and may receive a vote of thanks from his
people, but it is safe to say he will not get another
letter from the Kaiser. William has had several sec
ond thoughts since the first one.
Ex-Governor Boutwell of Massachusetts says he
will bring back the volunteer American armies from
the Philippines by a vote of the people. The ex-
Governor had better hasten the vote or the climate
of our new possessions will register a claim of death.
. The people of Santa Barbara " have - been .saved.
Uncle'Collis says he has no fault to find with them.
SCIENTISTS
TO BE GUESTS
OF THE STATE
Business Men to En-
tertain Them.
— ♦ —
WILL COLLECT A LARGE SUM
WILL COLLECT A LARGE SUM
— — _
INTERESTING MEETING AT THE
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,
*
Delegates to the Convention of the
Association of American Agri-
cultural Colleges and Ex*
periment Stations.
On July 5, 6 and 7 the Association i
of American Agricultural Colleges
and Experiment Stations will meet in
annual convention in this city. A
preliminary meeting was held yester
day for the purpose of arranging for
the reception of the learned scientists
on their arrival and with a view to
on their arrival and with a view to
making them the guests of the State.
A meeting of representatives from the ;
various commercial organizations of this
city was held in t.je rooms of the Cham
ber of Commerce yesterday afternoon for
the purpose of discussing the proper
means of raising money for the entertain
ment of the members of the Association
Of American Agricultural ' Colleges and
Experiment Stations, who will hold their j
annual convention here in July. There
were present Charles Nelson, president of
the Chamber of Commerce; S. Prentis
Smith of the Bank of California, Profes
sor M. E. Jaffa of the University of Cali
fornia, Local Weather Forecaster Alex
ander McAdie, E. A. Denlcke of the Me
chanics' Institute, Edward Goodwin,
manager of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, and Julian Sonntag.
A number of others who had been in
vited to meet were unable to attend. P.
N. Lllienthal of the Anglo-Callfornian
Bank, one of the absentees, sent his re
grets, but promised to aid the movement,
as he was in full sympathy with It.
After waiting. a half hour in the hope
that Mayor Phelan would put In. an ap
pearance Captain Nelson called the meet
ing to order, lie stated the object of the
conference and called attention to the :
Inestimable value to be derived by the
State from the visit of the organisation,
■which is composed of the scientific men j
of. the country, who are engaged- in in- |
vestigating all matters pertaining to
agriculture. •
An informal discussion then took place
on the amount of money to defray the ex- :
penses of a ten days' jaunt through the ,
State of the delegates to the convention.
During the talk it was said that the !
Southern Pacific Railroad had offered to !
furnish a train and locomotive for one
dollar a mile. Although that price wai
extremely low, it was thought the big
corporation might be prevailed on to re
duce Its price to even a less amount. It
was also stated that Mr. Foster of the
North Pacific Coast Railroad would give
the scientists free transportation over his |
road. An effort will be immediately marie
to collect $3000 to defray railroad and
other expenses. It is thought that the
residents of the towns through which the
distinguished visitors pass will fittingly
entertain them.
The meeting adjourned until Tuesday
next at 3 o'clock, when it is hoped thcie
will be a larger attendance. Secretary
Scott of the Chamber of Commerce was
Instructed to, invite land owners and cap
italists throughout the State to be pres
ent, and as they are vitally interested it
is believed they will do so.
The purpose of the committee is to have
the scientists ride tnrough the State after
their convention adjourns, so that they
can better learn of its agricultural ad
vantages, v.*. ■:■■
Following are the officers of the asso
ciation:
President, Henry P. Armsby, Ph. D., direc
tor of Experiment Station and dean of College
of Agriculture, State College, Fa.
Vice presidents, Joseph E. Stubbs, M. A.,
D. D., LL. D., president of School of Agricul
ture, State University, Reno, Nev.: Charles S.
Murkland, M. A., Ph. D., president. College Of
Agriculture and Mechanic Arts, Durham, N.
H.; Jonathan L. Snyder, M. A., Ph. D., pres
ident Agricultural College, Agricultural Col
lege, Mich.; P. E. Mell, M. E., Ph. D., direc
tor of Agricultural Experiment Station, Au
burn, Ala.: F. Paul Anderson, B. M. E., pro
fessor mechanical engineering, Lexington, Ivy.
Secretary and treasurer, Edward B. Voor
hees, M. A., director Agricultural Experiment
Station, New Brunswick. N. J.
Executive Committee, Henry H. Goodell,
LL. V., chairman, president Massachusetts Ag
ricultural College, director Agricultural Experi
ment Station, Amherst, Mass.; H. C. White,
Ph. D., president State College of Agriculture
and Mechanic Arts, Athens, Ga. ; Alexis Cope,
secretary Ohio State University, Columbus, O. :
John H. Washburn, Ph. D., president Rhode
Island College of Agriculture and Mechanic
Arts. Kingston, R. I.; William M. Liggett,
dean College of Agriculture, University of Min
nesota, Minneapolis, Minn.
Bibliographer, A. C. True, Ph. D., director
Offlce of Experiment Stations, United States
Department of Agriculture, Washington, D. C.
A Nihilist who went to Siberia to
rescue his father from prison writes
up his thrilling experience and pub
lishes thi. photographs he took, in
next Sunday's Call.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LARGEST SHIP-T). XV. E.. Grofton.
The largest ship afloat is the Potosi. Her
gross tonnage is 4027. .-
ON A TRANSPORT-E. S.. City. To
qbtaln a position as cabin boy on one of i
the transports bound for Manila apply !
to the captain of the vessel. A man doe's
not have to join the army in order to se
cure a position on a transport.
FLOWER VENDORS— J. F. J., City. If
FLOWER VENDORS— J. F. J., City. If
you are of the opinion that the flower
vendors you mention are a nuisance you
can make complaint to the authorities
and have the nuisance abated if the au- ;
thorities deem the vendors such a nuis
ance as you claim they are.
A CALL— Z. Y. X., City. The fact that
Mrs. B. gives a reception and. Mrs. C, j
who has been invited, attends does not re- i
lieve Mrs. C. of the obligation of a call j
she owes Mrs. B. and which should have !
been made previous to the reception. The '
attendance at the reception does not take \
place of the call.
ON A TRAINING SHlP—Subscriber, j
City. As you do not say who your boy !
1s or give his age or, In fact, say any- i
thing about him, this department cannot
_$ syho.Up.''if You bh°aydCbentteer nTaVeVoJr^apl !
plication to the commanding officer of the |
Independence at Mare Island.
REPRESENTATIVES— A. O. S., City.
The representatives in the Congress of
the United States number. 365, divided as
follows: One hundred and eighty-three
Republicans. 163 Democrats, 7 Populists
and 2 silverltes. The population of the
United States was estimated on the Ist of
last January at 77,803.231. which • gives a
representative to every 215,521 persons.
ETIQUETTE— S. S., Cal. After the mar
riage of a couple by a minister, the min
ister will congratulate the newly made
couple and each can thank him. The mat
ter of the payment of his fee should be
left for the best man to attend to. It fs
customary for the bride to make a pres- j
ent, within the limit of her means, to her
bridesmaid or bridesmaids, in token of ap
preciation of the service rendered during
the marriage ceremony. . .
Special excursion to Ukiah and return
Sunday, May _L Four hours in Ukiah
Only _.-.-. • .
COURSING MEN
SCORE ANOTHER
GOOD POINT
Humane Society Will
Not Make Trouble.
— * —
CRUELTY WAS DISCUSSED
CRUELTY WAS DISCUSSED
— ♦ —
PRAISE FOR THE WAY HOUNDS
PRAISE FOR THE WAY HOUNDS
KILL THE BUNNIES.
Two Congressmen, a Mayor, a Lady
Lawyer and a Prince Become
Members of the Or-
ganization.
The subject of whether or not the So
! ciety for the i Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals should take a hand to prevent
coursing in the parks in and near this j
city was liberally discussed yesterday at |
j a meeting of the board of directors of the ,
! organization. While no decision was act
i ually taken the prevailing opinion seemed
! to be in favor of the advocates of cours
! ing. The question was brought up by the !
j receipt of a communication from the :
j coursing clubs of the lower counties ask
! ing that the board rescind its reso-
S lution of two years ago which authorized
| Secretary Holbrook to stop anything bor
-1 dering upon cruelty in the coursing parks.
i Some of the coursing men had learned
I that the matter was to be discussed and
William Halpin and H. A. Deckelman ap
peared to represent *.he sport.
The latter made a pointed plea in the
! cause which he represented. He called
i attention. to the methods employed in the
i big rabbit drives in the San Joaquin Val
-1 ley and said that the cruelty of the men ,
i on these occasions is manifest to all. The ;
! well-conducted coursing park eliminated |
all of the cruel features. The hounds are i
trained to kill their game instantly and, ;
! what is more, this same training gives ;
I them experience for killing the hares on ]
the plains in a more humane manner than j
1 the human hunters who participate in the j
big drives. According to his estimate ;
about 5000 hares are killed In each^park
I every year. In all parts of this State ;
i these animals are regarded as pests, the ;
1 same as in Australia.
The question, of the effect of the sport j
I upon the people was discussed, some ar- j
guing that it tends to make the young fa- j
miliar with .brutal scenes and less sensi
tive to the suffering of animals. Dr. Clin- :
ton said that his objection to the sport |
was the gambling feature, which leads |
many a person from, the paths of hon- ;
I esty. Colonel Jackson stated that if the |
i manner of killing hares is cruel he would ;
I not favor coursing, but from all that he
I can learn the fleeing animals are killed I
the instant they are "struck" by the ;
hounds. lie regards the hare as a pest
and that it should be exterminated. While ;
. he does not favor the gambling feature ]
I still he said that he cannot forget that
every hare killed, wherever It may be,
is one less pest In the State. Officer
Hooper, who attends all of the coursing i
matches, said that the killing of the hares ;
by the hounds is not cruel, death result-
ing quickly when the hare is caught. Di-
rector Hyde also is anything but a friend
of the rabbit, and he called attention to |
the fact that the society's mission is not i
! to. make a crusade against the vice of i
1 gambling, but to prevent animals from ,
I being abused. This seemed to be the view j
of the board and the decision was to keep
its hands off all features not provided for
In its declared principles. However, the
whole board will visit the parks at some
I convenient time and determine as to the
1 amount of cruelty involved in the hounds
. killing the hares. ''•'■:."
It was a matter of much gratification
to the members of the board to elect a
number of applicants of eminence in the
political, business and social world.
Among them is Mayor Phelan. who be-
came a life member. Congressman J. G.
Maguire. Congressman Julius Kahn, Mrs.
Clara Foltz and Prince XV. Poniatowski,
all of whom have taken the obligation to
do everything In their power to protect
dumb animals.
The monthly report of Secretary C. B.
Holbrook was as follows:
dumber of cases reported, IS?: Investigated,
ISBI prosecuted,- 16; animals taken from work,
137: animals involved. 336; animals relieved, ,
232; sick and disabled animals killed, 25. The
following were elected members: Mayor James
D. Phelan (life member), Hon. J. O. Maguire,
Hon. Julius Kahn. Prince ■ Poniatowski,
Clara Foltz, George R. Morgan, O. H. Steven-
son. P. Gordan. Julius S. Gudeau, Mrs. A.
Leavitt. Herman G. Stindt. Mrs. Amy Waters
I>eane, Mrs. Kate Waters, Miss M. E. McGraw.
The district officers appointed were M. E. Hol-
brook and William Kroencke.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. H. F. Buchanan of Chicago Is a |
guest at the Palace.
Fred A. Thayer, an attorney of Chicago,
j is registered at the Palace.
i C. C. Clark, a San Andreas mine owner,
I is a late arrival at the Lick.
J. P. Woodbury and W. T. Smith, two ■
mining men of Carson City, Nev., are at
the Palace. ■; '.">; iji\ -.%_.;; v.-" ■
J. D. Stubbs. third vice president of the
Southern Pacific, left last night for New
York, where he will meet the Misses
, Stubbs, who are to return from Europe
in about ten days. Mr. Stubbs expects
to be away for three weeks. '
Edwin Hay, past grand exalted ruler of
the Elks, who has been in this city for
1 several weeks on a fraternal visit to the
' local lodge, left last evening for New.
! Orleans. He goes there to confer with
t the directors of the Mardi Gras car
nival and obtain information for use in
j the peace celebration to be held in Wash
; ington, D. C, next June. Mr. Hay Is at
; the head of the commission appointed to
j make arrangements for the affair, which
■ will be carried out on an elaborate scale.
XV. E. Borah, one of the leading attor
neys of Boise City, Idaho, Is a guest at
the Lick. Mr. Borah is the attorney for
■ the State ln the case of "Jack" . Davis
versus Sheriff Burke, popularly known as
: the "Diamond Field Jack" case. Davis
was sentenced to be hanged for the kill-
ling of two men in Cassiar County, but
two of his friends afterward swore that
they had. done the killing, The case is on
! appeal before the Circuit Court and in
! volves the holding of the prisoner on the
I "information law," instead of by indict
, ment. Mr. ■ Borah, who has had charge
of the prosecution from the beginning of
the trial, is confident that Davis will ultl
mately hang, and claims that the two
men who confessed to the murder, out of
*** a sensational story was recently
Published, have perjured themselves.
- ■ ♦ * T"
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
' NEW YORK, May IS.— C. F. Webber of
San Francisco Is at the Normandie. A. C.
Johns'and wife, W. Lionel Roberts, Bart
lett Doe, Mrs. Lorenz B. Doe, William J.
Dutton of San Francisco are at the Fifth
Avenue. W^YZ
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 18.— G. W. Dixon
of San Francisco Is at the Arlington.
William C. Bergamon of San Francisco
is at Willard's. - -, . . '•:.'.
Kerr Will Do Brooks' Work.
Federal Quarantine Officer S. D. Brooks
notified Naval Officer Irish yesterday that
J. XV. Kerr, assistant surgeon -at the
United States Marine Hospital, had been
authorized to sign certificates of pratique
for vessels from foreign ports.
WAR VETERANS'
EXERCISES ON
MEMORIAL DAY
| The Programme of the
Grand Army.
— ♦ —
RITES AT SOLDIERS' GRAVES
RITES AT SOLDIERS' GRAVES
— —
SCHOOL CHILDREN TO BE A
PARADE FEATURE. •
•
The Members of the Woman's Relief
The Members of the Woman's Relief
Corps to Assist — Ceremony at
the Odd Fellows' and Pre-
sidio Cemeteries.
»
The general committee that has charge
of the preparation? by the posts of the
Grand Army of the Republic for the ob
servance of Memorial day on the 30th
inst. has completed the programme for
the day.
The posts .that are to participate are:
Lincoln Post, George Robinson, comman
der; James A. Garfield Post. General E.
S. Salomon, commander; ' Liberty Post,
James McDonald, commander; Colonel
Cass Post. A. B. Donnelly, commander,
and General George G. Meade Post, XV. C.
Howe, acting commander.
There will be in the parade the colored
troops now stationed at the Presidio;
possibly the Signal Corps of the Second
Brigade, Captain Leslie E. Hewes, com
manding; the San Francisco division of
the Naval Militia, which will turn out as
three sections of artillery . with Hotch
kiss guns and one section as infantry.
There will also be the Santa Cruz divi
sion of the Naval Militia. A feature of
the parade this year will be the turn
out of school children from every school
in the city, who will be under the care
of Marshals Mlehling and Stahl, and who
will form on New Montgomery street in
front of the Palace Hotel. ,_ ■ .
The general committee that has the ob
servance of the day in charge has for its
chairman XV. XV. Stone, for secretary
Frank Elliot Meyers and for treasurer
J. C. Bolles. The chairman of the sub
committees are: Parade, General E. S.
Salomon; programme, Charles Edelman;
transportation, A. B. Donnelly; decora
tion, W. H. Wharff; finance, James Mc-
Donald, and printing, T. C. Masteller.
The grand marshal Is John A. White
side, and president of the day Charles
Edelman.
After the parade there will be the ex
ercises at the Grand Army plat in Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, where the following
programme will be carried out:
Music by the band; Introductory remarks by
Charles Kdelman. president of the day; Invo
cation, Rev. Charles E. Locke; hymn, by a
choir; Gettysburg address by Comrade Harris;
memorial ode by the pupils of the public
schools; original poem, W. W. Stone; musical
selections; oration, ex-Representative James G.
Maguire; dirge, by the band; strewing the
graves of departed comrades;.- parting salute
by the firing party of Lincoln Post; "Ameri
ca," by the school children, the audience Join
ing; benediction; taps.
The ladies who are members of the sev
\ eral Relief Corps will be in the basement
i of B'ne B'rith Hall on the 29th and the
| morning of the ''oth to receive contribu
i tions of flowers and arrange them in
i bunches and also make wreaths of ever
. greens. They will have charge of the
i flags. In this work they will be assisted
1 by the members of the .Ladies of the
Grand Army. The Park Commissioners
; have promised to donate a quantity of cut
| flowers and contributions have been of
i fered from a number of persons who have
I large gardens.
. George 11. Thomas Post will not join in
I the general celebration of the day. but
will, as In the past, hold memorial ser
vices at the Presidio Cemetery.
Remembered His Friends.
The will of Charles Vaillant, who died
on the 15th Inst., was filed for probate
yesterday. Decedent's estate consists of
money in bank and a half interest in a
Powell street saloon, value unknown. The
testator cuts his sister, Amelie Molitor.off
with a $10 bequest and gives each of her
children the nominal sum of $1. Joseph
Cuzard, a friend, is devised the Interest
_. the saloon and the residue goes to the
testator's partner, Jules Secchi.
Admitted ta Practice.
United States Attorney Coombs was ad
mitted yesterday as a practitioner in the
United States Circuit Court.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Tow_s__d'_*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 10_U •
Burr Was Hurt.
John C. Burr filed suit against the Mar
ket-street Railway Company to recover
$5000 damages for personal injuries. Plain
tiff alleges that on November 8 last he
was assaulted- by an employe on one of
defendant's cars and struck on the head
with an iron bar; hence the suit.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softena
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
glow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a botUe.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $2 50 per da:,-. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco. 
In the Divorce Court.
Henry Bentley has sued Honora Bent
'> ley for a divorce, alleging desertion as a
' cause of complaint. Lydia White has
: been granted a divorce from Andrew
1 White on the ground of failure to pro-
vide. Genevieve Arnold asks for a divorc*
from Charles Arnold on the ground o
i cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '^vV ?
The palate is almost
tickled with Scott's Emul-
sion of Cod-liver oil. The
stomach knows nothing
about it, it does not trouble
you there. You feel it first
in the strength it brings; it
shows in the color of cheek
and smoothing out of
wrinkles. .
It was a beautiful thing
to do, to cover the odious
taste of Cod-liver oil, evade
the tax on the stomach, and
take health by surprise.
It warms, soothes, strength-
ens and invigorates.
joe. and $ 1. 00, all druggists. \
SCOTT _ BOWNE. Chemists, New YariuREADY FOR A
RUSH TO THE
GOLD FIELDS
Bertha Is Lengthened!
and Remodeled.
— ♦ —
SHIPS FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND
SHIPS FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND
.>
AN EXPEDITION BEING FITTED
AN EXPEDITION BEING FITTED
OUT BY C. D. LANE.
♦
People Who Came Back on the Port-
People Who Came Back on the Port-
land From Manila Schooner
Monterey Carries Away
Her Main Boom. . -
The Alaska Commercial Company's re
modeled steamer Bertha is now almost
ready for the Klondike season. Last year
she was one of the smallest vessels of
the company's fleet; now she Is a first
class ocean-going steamer and the equal
of anything owned by the corporation.
The Bertha was built at Benicia in 1888, j
and up to a few months ago she was 140 ,
feet long. Now she is 193 feet long, with
the same beam and depth of hold she j
had when she was launched. To accom- '
plish this change all the spars, machinery >
and boilers were taken out of the vessel
and the hull placed on the ways of Ala- |
meda. Then the structure was sawed
clean in half and a section fifty-three feet
long put in. While making the alterations
a vigilant lookout was kept, but not an
unsound piece of timber was found, and
structurally the Bertha is a stouter ship
than on the day she was launched.
There are thirteen staterooms on the
upper deck of the remodeled steamer. All
of those aft the smokestack are supplied
with folding doors, so that two rooms
can be thrown "into one almost the entire
width of the ship. A Klondike king re
turning from the Yukon or Cape Nome
can thus have his ideas of lavish expen
diture gratified. The berths in one room
can be removed and in a few moments it
would be furnished as a sitting-room.
The folding door can be thrown open and
he would have us luxurious a bedroom
and sitting-room as he would get on an
Atlantic liner. There are also eight state
rooms on the main deck, and, all in all,
the Bertha will have accommodation for
ninety-six cabin and a hundred steerage
passengers.
The Bertha is fitted throughout with
electricity and all the latest appliances.
The dining-room can accommodate sixty
four passengers at one sluing. The smok- ;
ing-room and social hall will be as com- !
fortable as money can make them, while :
the comfort of the officers and men has
a" so been looked after. Four lights have
been made In the forecastle and the sall
ors will now be happy, as they will not
only have light but also plenty of lockers.
New boilers and engines have been put
in the steamer, and when she has her
trial In a few days twelve knots is ex
pected from her. Before she was length- ;
ened the Bertha was doing well when she i
got away with 500 tons of freight. Now !
she can carry a thousand tons and over.
Shipping men Interested in the Kotze
bue Sound district are wondering why it
is that no news has come out from that
section this year. Several firms made ar-
Irangements to have a messenger sent out ,
and C. L>. Lane, the millionaire mine
owner, engaged a man who knows tha
country well especially to bring him news. ;
None uf these men have come out as far
as the general public knows, and not a ,
word of authentic news has arrived from
the thousand men who went to Kotzebue.
The party of men sent up by Mr. Lave
are still there, and whether they have
found gold or not nobody knows unless
perhaps Mr. Lane himself. That gentle
man still has supreme faith in the Kotze- I
Lue Sound district He has purchased the ■
schooner Vega on Puget Sound and is
now loading her with lumber, coal and
supplies. .Last week he purchased the |
steamer Townsend here and la loading her
with supplies. Out at the Potrero he is |
having a light-draft river steamer built,
and as soon as she is completed a start ;
will be made for Kotzebue.
The story that came via Tacoma of
starvation on the Kubuck River is ;
laughed at here. There were three stores
on the Sound and over 1500 tons of provi- j
sions in them last October, besides the
two years' supplies that each miner took
up with him. The natives also* were un
usually well supplied with dried salmon,
so that there can be no fear of a scarcity.
From Kotzebue to the Koyukuk River,
where it was known gold was to be found,
was only a short journey over the snow,
and yet none of the men who went up on .
the Alaska, Northern Light, Jane A.
Falkenberg, Catherine Sudden and other ,
vessels have gone over there. In fact, no '
one knows or will know what they have
done until some time in July. Neverthe
less C. D. Lane is going up again with
I lots of supplies and a complete outfit.
The British ship Loudon Hill, now out
139 days from Antwerp, is likely to make.;
a. long passage. She sailed on December ;
>, and on January 5 passed Flushing. On ;
in ordinary run she would now be classed
among the vessels expected, but judging j
by the showing made on the first thirty- 1
four days of the voyage she will not get |
nere for another month. '-.. "-
The schooner Monterey had to put back
to port yesterday. Wednesday last she
=tarted for Bowens Landing, but got
•aught in heavy westerly weather off Fish !
Stock, where the main boom carried away. ;
tain Beck therefore decided to return
o San Francisco for repairs. ' „" v
The brig W. G. Irwin arrived from Hon
olulu yesterday after a fair passage of
nineteen days. She brought up Id. bags
of sugar. , _ _
The .Mail Company's steamer San Juan
sailed for Panama and way ports yester
day. She took away a large cargo, but
very few passengers.
The transport Portland, which arrived
from Manila last Wednesday night will
be turned over to her owners and put ,
lack ln the St. Michael trade. .The fol-
I owing Is a complete list of the men who
, •ame up on her from Manila: -.;.'.-/
Arthur C. Fox, private. Hospital Corps;
"Jeorge Woodruff. United States hospital ship
Relief; John James, United States hospital
ship Relief; J. B. Johnston. Company l, !
Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry; N. A.
i „ Drake, Company C, First Nebraska Volun- j
;per Intantrv; .1 I. Brown, lieutenant. Bat- j
;ery D, Sixth Artillery: Edward F. Newill.
"•rgeant, Company E, First Pennsylvania Vol
jnteer Infantry: George E. Small, musician,
Hrst Wyoming Volunteer Infantry: Robert V.
Jstrom, lieutenant. • ■■■.-;■ D, Sixth Artillery; i
*imon M. Simpson, Company R. Twenty-third
'nited States Infantry: William Judd, Com
mny G. First Idaho Volunteer Infantry; H. P.
vieighen. Company K. Tenth Pennsylvania
,'olunteer Infantry: Richard J. Xeuman, acting j
lospital steward. United States army.
Frank 11. Walker, sergeant, Company Q, t
~lrst North Dakota Volunteer Infantry; Jacob
duller. Company C, Fourth United States In
'antry: Walter II Ostrom, lieutenant, Rat-
cry D, Sixth Artillery: William Lampmann,
Company _, First Nebraska Volunteer In-
antry; Walter Wozny, Company B, First Ne
braska Volunteer Infantry: William H. Stauf
v>r. Company I, Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteer :
infantry; .1. M. Snyder, Company K. Tenth
Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry; Robert B.
Kail. Company C Thirteenth Minnesota Vol
inteer Infantry*: B. Rungard. California Heavy j
Artillery; George Drennnn, water tender, i
steamship St. Paul; Dr. Thomas McCullocb,
United Statea'artny. !
Federated Republican Clubs.
The Federation of Mission Republican
Primary Clubs was organized Wednesday
evening at Cl 2 Douglass street, with these
officers: W. L. Gommo, president; Ben
F. Johnson, vice president; George B.
Lang, secretary; John Boost, treasurer.
The aim of the federation will be to se-
cure the election of representative men
to the primary municipal convention who
will nominate good '■" for office. ' The
_t .hr:, tioir—vlll put up tickets at the pri
mary ln the Mission Assembly districts—
the Thlrtv-thlrd Thirty-fourth. Thirty?
3fth and Thirty-sixth. It will strive for
setter government, is In favor of the new
>hnrtpr and for lmnrovlnc and beautify-
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
•ample bottle 2Sc, Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
TWO INDICTMENTS
FOUND AGAINST
PETER McGLADE
Decisive Action Taken
by the Grand Jury.
— —
FORGERY THE CHARGE MADE
-
■
A FIRM STAND ASSUMED BY
A FIRM STAND ASSUMED BY
THE AUTHORITIES.
Expert Eisenschimmel and Other Wit-
nesses Testify That Signatures
to Salary Warrants Were
Forged. I
The Grand Jury agreed yesterday after
noon to bring in two additional Indict
ments against Peter McGlade, the ex-drp
uty of the Street Department who is a. -
THE REMODELED STEAMER BERTHA
# OME time ago the Bertha grew to be too small for, the Alaska Commercial Company's trade in ¥
* Alaska, so she has been enlarged and remodeled. She was cut in two and lengthened over 50 *.
+ __ "J feet, and now she can _arry 1000 tons of freight and has : ccommodation for 06 cabin passengers ♦
*^ and 100 in the steerage. She will get away for St. Michaels about June 5. •£
V> \ '"'••?
©♦?;->?*^?3-- ?;♦;;♦ ?s ♦?•♦?• ♦!;♦?*'*•-?;-•-•„-*?* ♦!*♦?*♦?*♦• ?* ♦ zi ♦ ?*♦!«*£♦?*♦!* ♦■ ? * ♦ ?* ♦ „ ♦?^?* ♦;*♦♦;♦♦*♦©
cused of having defrauded the city of i
several thousand dollars by means of
forged demands on the city treasury. The
proposed action of the jury is the direct
result of the recent acquittal of McGlade
by a jury in the Superior Court. The '
fact of his guilt appears to the authori
ties to be so patent that they propose to
leave no stone unturned to secure his con
viction. His acquittal by a jury on one
of the charges brought against him Is ■
held to have been a miscarriage of jus- j
tice, and it is the ' Intention of the au- j
thorities to secure several indictments
against him and to force him to defend j
himself on each of the counts.
The specific accusations under investi
gation by the Grand Jury yesterday were
,the alleged forging of the names of C. J. I
Sullivan and Nealy Murphy to salary
warrants which were cashed *y McGlade
at the city treasury. Both Sullivan and j
Murphy were witnesses before the jury, j
and when shown the warrants to which
their names were attached both swore
positively that the signatures were for
geries. Both men testified at they had
never been in the employ of the Street
Department, and that they had never
authorized McGiade to sign their names i
to warrants or any other documents. ■
Thomas Maglnnia and John Ryan, clerks
In tiie office of the Board of Supervisors.
testified as to what they knew of the pre
sentation of the bogus warrants. Ex-Su
perintendent of Streets Ambrose testi
fied that neither Sullivan nor Murphy
were ever employed by him, and that he
had never authorized McGlade to draw
warrants in their favor..
By far the most damaging testimony
was given by Karl Eiscnschimmel. the
expert on handwriting. After making a
critical comparison of the handwriting of
the forged signatures and the known i
handwriting of McGlade he testified posi
tively that both signatures had been writ
ten by McGlade. His testimony was so
positive and his comparisons so convinc
ing that the members of the jury ex
pressed themselves as satisfied that the
signatures were forgeries, and that Mc-
Glade was the forger. -.■'■ Y-"^ j
'lade will be indicted on each of
the charges, and if such a course shall bo
deemed necessary other Indictments will
be asked for.
• _ — _
Black&Tan
—"The American Porter"— ls the only perfect
American product of Its kind. Reins made by
the Anheuser-Busch ■ Brewing Ass'n assures its
excellence.
excellence.
. ■ ♦ »
Too Lazy to Live.
An Inquest was held yesterday morning
on the body of Louis Sauret, who cut his
throat the day before at his wife's lodg
ing-house, 130 Second street. The testi
mony of his widow shows that he was
disgracefully lazy and insisted not only
that she should support him out of her
earnings but garb him In raiment of sur
passing beauty and keep his stomach dis
tended with good liquor. The brother of
the deceased disappeared immediately
after Louis cut his throat. The jury re
corded a verdict of suicide,
The Judgment Sustained.
i The Supreme Court has sustained the
1 decision of the lower court of this city In
the action of J. P. Frenna against the
i Sunnyside Land Company, the San Fran
! Cisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
I Company and others. The action was for
the foreclosure of liens for street work,
and the defendants had judgment, from
which Frenna appealed. The higher court
found no reason for disturbing the judg
■ ment of the lower court.
« ♦ .
The children's class at Hinman's School
1 of Dancing will give their seventeenth
! annual exhibition and May party Satur-
day evening, May 27, at the hall on Polk
street.' The regular monthly party of the
evening class will be held Tuesday even
| ing, May 30. *
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
ATTORNEY ACH
ATTEMPTS!
RUN THE COURT
Lively Wrangles in a
Poker Case.
Poker Case.
— « — ,
JUDGE GRAHAM KEEPS ORDER
JUDGE GRAHAM KEEPS ORDER
— • —
WHAT CONSTITUTES A PER
WHAT CONSTITUTES A PER-
CENTAGE GAME OF POKERP
*
The Question Again Threshed Out in
The Question Again Threshed Out in
the Case of J. H. Wilson, Pro-
prietor of the Palace
1 Saloon.
The selection of a jury to try the case
of J. 11. Wilson, charged with conducting
a percentage game if poker in the Pal
ace saloon, 837 Market street, on the night
of April 24. was concluded yesterday af- j
ternoon In Judge Graham's court after
three afternoons had been almost wasted
to accomplish that end. The Jurors se
lected are: A. Thayer, August A. Schau,
Louis Kuh, Albert H. Menne, Theodore !
E. Schottler, Claus Claussen, XV. J. Gal- i
lagher. Joe _. Knowles, William Shultz, i
Albert Mautz, H. M. Devine and J. P. Mc- |
: Cormick. -_ 1
, The first witness called was Policeman
, George Eastman and during his examlna- |
' tion by Prosecuting Attorney Wentworth
Attorney Ach, for the defendant, objected
to all questions put to the Witness,
which were, as a rule, overruled by the
Judge. At one • time Ach objected to a |
question us being leading and in an au
thoritative manner ordered the Judge to
i Instruct the prosecuting attorney to be
I more careful. This called forth a hot re- j
tort from Wentworth, who said:
"I know my business without receiving
| Instructions from Mr. Ach. There are a
; whole lot of things he does here that he
' knows are not proper and I object to be- ]
ing criticized by him."
At another time Ach took exception to !
the Judge's questions and was called
down.
Eastman testified to entering the saloon j
and seeing the men playing at a percent- \
.age game of poker. He saw the defend-,
ant take chips from the "pot" on the ;
table and hand them to the manager. He
saw the manager offering cash or checks j
to the players at the table.
He was cross-examined at considerable
length by Ach a* to his knowledge of the
game of poker and a long time was wast- .
ed in asking questions about Eastman's I
: playing poker in Chico twenty-five years
ago. He declared that the checks taken ;
by the defendant from the table repre- I
sented a percentage of the "pot." His ;
definition of the word percentage was a j
• proportion or part of 100.
Jerome H. Tyrrell, a police officer on ,
special duty, was the next witness. He
corroborated Eastman and said he arrest- |
ed the defendant while lie had a check in
his hand which he had taken from the
"pot." It was a percentage game of poker
that was being played.
Tyrrell's cross-examination was going
1 on when court was adjourned. The case
■ will be continued this afternoon.
Large Bids for Realty.
Many moneyed men were . present on
Wednesday at A. M. Speck & Co.'s auc
tion sale, attracted by two leading pieces
on their catalogue. For these the bidding
was active, while the smaller pieces were
comparatively neglected. For the prem
ises on the southeast corner of Fourth
and Mission streets much rivalry .was dis
played. The lot Is 50 by 100 feet, with
frame improvements renting for $434 a
month. There is a mortgage of $35 .000 on
the place. The highest offer made was
$69,600 by Louis Metzger, subject to con
firmation by the owner. A bid of $40.5.0
was made for the premises at 22 and 21
Turk street, on the north side, between
Mason and Taylor. The lot is 34:4% by
137:6, and the building contains two stores
and a lodging-house of twenty-eight
rooms. For the cottage and lot, 34:4% by
48:9 on the west line of Mason street,
34:4% north of Green, $2950 was obtained,
and for a lot, 25 by 120, on the south line
of Haight, 155 west of Broderick, $1600 was
bid. '7 :f'< - '■
Firemen Are Fined.
The • Fire Commissioners at their meet
ing yesterday afternoon fined Thomas
Kelly of engine 1 two days' pay for leav
ing his engine while at drill, and G.W.
Dinan of engine 2 ten days' pay for sleep
ing while an alarm of fire was rung, be*
ing his second offense. D. S. Wilson re
signed from engine 27 and' John Lickie
was appointed hoseman of engine 2 and
Joseph Collins hoseman of engine 27. A
recommendation was made to the Board
of Supervisors that M. Fitzhenry of
truck 3. who was injured while in the
discharge of his duty, be allowed $125, ac
cording to law. "''."fV
Going to the Country.
; The Illustrations In Outing, Number of
S.F. News Letter Saturday will furnish
many an idea where to go. 40 pages; 10c*
INDUSTRIAL ART
EXHIBITION AT
THE PAVILION
Magnificent Display
Neariy Ready.
Neariy Ready.
s — *
DOORS TO BE OPENED TODAY
DOORS TO BE OPENED TO-DAY
— • —
MANY RARE PRODUCTS OF
MANY RARE PRODUCTS OF
\ SKILL AND PATIENCE.
— -♦
Ladies of the California Club Arrange
Ladies of the California Club Arrange
a Splendid Treat for the Lovers
of the Beautiful in
Art.
The industrial art exhibition which
opens to-morrow in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion under the auspices of the ladies of
the California Club gives early promise
of proving an unqualified success. The
principal object of the promoters of the
affair, that of introducing workers in all
departments of Industrial art In this sec
tion of the country to the favorable no
tice of the public, will certainly he at
tained In a large degree.
The general committee having in charge
the arrangements is composed of Mrs
George H. Ripley (chairman), Mrs. XV. H.
Mills. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall. Mrs. A. R.
Cotton, Mrs. A. D. Sharon and Mrs. John
H. Jewett
The entire front of the art gallery, just
at tin right of the entrance at the head
of the stairs, is devoted to the Japanese
exhibit, the feature of which is a genuine
Japanese teahouse, in which the visitors
will be served by little Japanese In true
Oriental fashion. A large space between
the Japanese quarter and the main exhi
bition is arranged for a lounging or re
ception room, where visitors may rest
and exchange views between whiles
Along the wall of the gallery to the
right is arranged a vast number of archi
tectural drawings, water colors/ pen and
ink sketches from life, interior views
book Illustrations, wallpaper designs, etc'
Among those who have contributed to
this collection are Willis Polk, P. N. Boer
inger, Reid Brothers, Albert Sutton, Wil
liam Curlett, B. J. S. Cahill, the Parting
ton Art School, Miss Helen Hyde, Mrs
Albertine Randall Whelan and many of
®*f®+® ♦ ®+® ♦ ®>®+® '♦ ®+®+® +@* '♦©♦<_-*€> + ♦ ®+®+® + ®4®+®
! Electricity for I
+ c/ +
1 . Weak Men.
+ . ?
I A Grand Remedy for All I
J A Grand Remedy for All """ " " | |
1 Weakness and Pain. «^J_!__ _
♦ Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt is a \., __ '""^iStf I
4- Dr. McLaughlin's Electric. Belt is a \*~ — '*Tx^ n
® magnificent remedy for weak men. Its 1 A -JT' _-_
'"* touch is the touch of magnetism. It f 7 "/'l ®
! x fills the nerves with snap. It charges / \ a
® the body with a grand force of vitallz- -_^"^ .. ._ \ ®
jit ing energy and turns back the -hand of { ■-'' \' _
I V time for men who have begun to feel f v^ L I -f
fold, broken down and feeble. It is a JL_^ / „ ®
grand remedy for all weakness in men. \m. "^ 9"* yl ■¥
Read what this grateful man says: ' ,--'^-- _ __/
I DAILY PROOF. \^T^W ♦
® Merced, Cal., May 1,0. ISM. I— " '"V^^TO _
X dr. M. A. Mclaughlin -Dear Sir: Your f y^-LS^xWL s
V Belt Is a wonderful nerve Invigorator, and Is teSS^^S ___!__ _
® oirlng me of what I considered a hopeless case . \__/*_y _ W__!__ *
a of nervous prostration. My memory is much _SS__fi^___sH_ 5?
— Improved. 1 am stronger, heavier and better §3% *
V than 1 have been for fifteen years. Your Elec- ___s_o'^Ebhl -«-
.-; trie Belt Is a prodigy. You can make known wH_I ""^—^ (ii
__ my statement If you wish. Yours gratefully, "Hr" t ±
X O. M. BENNETT. W |'-|-' ' "J"
I THERE ARE OVER 10,000 ife; / I '" 1
I CURES. VV- J7 / I
Z. My Electric Belt has restored thou- V\ /1/ <f>
T.- My Electric Belt has restored thou- VX Ji\ ®
? sands of men, young and old, who have 11 ■ It _
a failed to derive benefit from drugs. It * I v \i\l ¥
4. is life to weak men. CALL OR SEND V V^W .1 ®
® FOR MY FREE BOOK, WITH FULL - V V U ♦
•f INFORMATION: Consultation free. \)\ " ®
I dr. M. a. Mclaughlin, sewd FOX MY BOON; ®
X 702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. "THREE CLASSES or MEM," ®
® And Cor. Spring and Becond Sts.. Los Angeles. . ■__■»_■„ buff -4-
4- Office Hours— a. m. to 8:80 p. m.V Sundays, IT 19 MAILED FREE, •-r
6) 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD 1« ,"TG STORES. (!)
®-f®*f®.> ®+®T®-T ®>® *f ®+® +® + ®4®>*f®> ®T® f® -f ©+®*® -f ©+® -f ©♦©♦©
the best-known newspaper artists of the
city. One of the most interesting features
of this department, which is under the
supervision of Mrs. Mills, will •be the
Overland Monthly exemplification of the
making of a book. ?;;,v
At the lower end of the long gallery is
located what the committee regards as
the most important of the many attrac
tive exhibits. It consists of a huge pot
ter's wheel, which forms a part of the
Roblin art pottery exhibit of Mrs. Wil
liam Ireland Jr. of this city. A fine dis
play of Stockton art pottery is made In
the exhibit of Nathan, Dohrman & Co.
It would require a page to enumerate
the multitude of unique and artistic pro
ductions which form a part of the exhi
bition. In addition to those already men
tioned there are marvels in the way of
lace— real old point lace— made on the spot
after the methods in vogue, among the
famous lacemakers in Europe, a display
of this work from Santa Rosa being
bound to attract special attention; drawn
needlework by. poor Spanish women of
Santa Barbara; scissor etching, wood
etching and carving; modeling in clay;
silk weaving, Indian basket work and
blanket weaving, needle painting, etc.
Specimens of wood and leather etching
by the O'Hara sisters of Livermore ar-e
worthy of special mention, as' is an ex
hibit of .the same kind of work by Mrs.
Hardistv. The' Asylum for the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind at Oakland furnishes one
of the most remarkable exhibits of .what
can be produced by its pupils as a result
of the modern system of manual training.
Creditable exhibitions are also made by
the Lincoln and Lick schools of this city.
The Union Iron Works exhibits a beauti
ful model of the cruiser San Francisco,
and the University of California college
of agriculture Is represented by a fiber
exhibit. The needlework "painting" on
silk by XV. H. McCain is one of the most
beautiful and artistic displays ever shown
in this city. - . ■■■■
When the exhibit was first proposed by
the California Club the Board of Trade
appropriated $250 to help the thing along,
bur as this sum, together with individual
subscriptions, amounted to a total of only
$305. a sum Insufficient to pay the expense
of the exhibit, it has been made necessary
to charsre a nominal admission fee of 25
cents. The gallery will be open every day
for a week, Including Sunday.
IS MENTALLY COMPETENT.
Mary Matilda Derfebach . Bests Her
Brother and Sisters in Court.
Efforts on the part of the sisters and
brother of Mary Matilda Deffebach to de
clare her incompetent and place her prop
erty, which is located in Mill Valley and
is valued at $10,000. in the hands, of
Michael Flood have been without success.
The case closed yesterday before Judge
Coffey and although the court held that in
his opinion Miss Deffebach was not in
competent he suggested that she dis
charge the present trustee. Dr. Twist,
and name another to care for her Inter
ests. Miss Deffebach was given 'until next
Tuesday to name Dr. Twist's successor
and the matter was continued until that
time. "■ ■'" '•-■ '■--■ "■■■
At the opening of the case yesterday af
ternoon Jessie O. Deffebach. a sister Of
the alleged incompetent, took the stand
and endeavored to impress her conviction
on the court that her sister was not men
tally sound. As an example of her sister's
mental condition she said that a short
time ago she went -to her room on Larkin
street at noon and found the alleged
Incompetent in bed. Oysters. crab
shells and food of all kinds were"
scattered over the floor and her
sister's actions were very peculiar.
Another sister testified to matters of
about the same magnitude and then the
accused took the stand. She told her
Story in such a straightforward manner.
and, although admitting that spiritualists
had nearly driven her crazy a short time
ago. strenuously denied that she was not
mentally competent at the present time.
She said that when she saw that spirit
ualism was driving her insane she desert
ed the faith and has .since completely re
covered. :"i "
Her brother and sister were unable to
prove otherwise and judgment was en
tered as stated.
ALUMNI BANQUET.
Trinity School Graduates Meet in An-
nual Reunion.
The annual banquet and reunion of
Trinity School alumni was held Inst
evening at the Occidental Hotel. Thirty
of the former graduates sat down at the
table, which had been tastefuly deco
rated for the occasion.
Dr. E. B. Spalding, rector of Trinity
Church, occupied the. post of honor, and
the toastmaster was tne Rev. W. 1. Kip
Jr. The invited guests were Right Rev.
Bishop W. F. Nichols, President Martin
Kellogg of the University of California;
Professor David Starr Jordan, president
of Stanford University, and the teachers
of the school. ••::;
Toasts were responded to by John H.
Piatt, Percy Mills, Charles A. Kenyon
and Rev. Dr. E. B. Spalding. The enjoy
ment of a bountiful repast was concluded
with the singing of "Au!d Lang Syne" by
all the guests standing, with clasped
hands.
Jerome's Salary Raised.
The salary of Chief Clerk E. B. Jerome,
clerk No. 1, class 6, of the Custom-house.
has been restored to the old figure, $4000
tier annum, taking effect from the date
of the new oath. About two years ago
Jerome's salary was cut from $4000 to $3025,
on the recommendation of Special Agent
Moore to the effect that the salary was
too large for the oiflce.
Mr. Jerome said yesterday that Major
Moore made the recommendation through
spite because Jerome had refused to join
him in a conspiracy to "down" Customs
Collector Wis. .
Visit the fish hatchery of the California
Northwestern Railway at Ukiah Sunday,
May 21. Only $2 for the round trip. *
The City Sued.
The Plastic Fireproof Construction Com
pany brought suit in the United States |
Circuit Court yesterday, against, the city |
and county of San Francisco to recover
$6000 damages for using 12,000 square feet
of Calvin Brown's Invention of artificial
slate, which invention has been assigned
to the plaintiff.
-v. - ..,■„- ADVERTISEMENTS. _^J
"_P""_ _*^_ ' „"^a. _P^ A "*G9r "'«3B— _
b -aw ■ « _r^ _k _r ij
FOR SALE
__c] KS 58 In— _ B „ CI IB— B
IH'I _f H _r^_k x ra si H
@ _i Sf „ ra k ill #■■» U i fi
JL %_# JL EL t__JP __L_L ______ ______
__— - v, . .. "„ r . . /■-
- :
■ ■■
Last Days of the
Immense Sale of
BEAMISH'S
Bankrupt
Bankrupt
Stock.
Stock.
Bought by
Bought by
THE RED FRONT.
THE RED FRONT:
Sale Going On
At His Old Stand,
918-922 Market St.
918-922 Market St.
PRICES CUT WAY DOWN.
PRICES CUT WAY DOWN.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
THESE SUCCESSFUL SPECIALISTS CURE
>^=r~S^**t2afe^ Diseases of the Kid-
neys, Bladder, Spine,
Liver, Heart; Blood,
Uver, Heart; Blood!
JESgBWt' "Xl Skin, etc. Also Pre-
rSaUatt m mature Decay, Unnat-
ural Losses; Wasting
Drains, Nervous De-
bility, Stricture, Vari-
(pSttj <*>**:^4;_^__i bility. Stricture, Vari-
cocele, Private Dis-
eases, Piles, Rupture,
u_9f _v^>" Y;_v' ea(ies- P"es' Rupture,
Xl'S'rl/ /-\ i Pay when cured. No
Wri'/if- ___■_. j charge for consul-
\»li''''' ___BSs_.*'- tation. Home cures
ly^YT^ixmTfW^ a specialty. Private
_VkK/// 'Z'rC l""><ik. diagnosis sheet
book, diagnosis sheet
_■ V__^VUW</K\'_ and advice free by
V/jfl mall. Letters confl-
701 Market Street. | Elevator
7Q| Market Street, j Elevator
[01 San Francisco, I Entrance.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
YIN MARIANI
■
Marlanl Wine Tonic
Morlanl Wine Tonic
Marvellous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERY..
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and endorsements Xr««.
__i_ Hi _ CO., oi '.v iiTH ST.. NEW YORK. j
; PURE, HEALTHY, /*_.!
I FRAGRANT. mm
The unnatural odor from per- VSafc* £r
splratlon and all other Impurities > _iii»^
are speedily and completely removed and the
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the daily use. In toilet and bath, of i
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
BURY'S Facial Cream.
M„D\/IT A Kwtores VITAUTY
NERVIT A LOST VIGOR.
>jf?Sg^ — '■ AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
_§srl _?U diseases, all effects oi self/abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerrctonic and blood'builder.
%l Jff Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re/
_>J^*_»_/ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
_f_^K_. toi; 6 boxes for $2.50' with a written
'Wl'JV^S'f Xs guarantee to cure or refund the money
neroita medics! Go., CHnton « Jackson $ts., Chicago.
E. L. Baldwin _ Co., Druggists, 8 Market. S. F.
DR. MCNULTY.
_IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLEOLD
J. .Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3d:ilij-;„:,0to8::'') ev'gs. Sundays, in to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. KOSCOK McXULTY, M.D.
P. ItOSC'OK McXILTY, M.D.
20*_ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
| DR PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
OISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.UVER.LUr.CS;
f *_________*'•» It Bl* " '* a non-poinono_i
_*_____f"* ,|Q___ remedy for Gonorrhosa,
yfSSg^CUßEb^lg'l OlPet, Spermatorrhoea,
jfigyr in 1 to sS»r».^B Whites, unnatural ilia-
mfjSf ao»r»n_ed m, charges, or any iufl.imraa-
■*■»■ not to rtrlotare. tion, irritation or -era-
I>i i^fr«T<nto copuglon. tion of mucosa mem-
-BfT*BrHEEvAHS CllEMiriirjo. cranes. Non -astringent.
mhLcincinhati.o Sold by UrTUK*t,'*«'^
'^A V.3.X _*Ra ?r sent 'a plain vTrapper,
/«__ _*7„eillres3i Prepaid, foi
■*<_^_____C^»o_ 1100- or '' I'f'ttios. !:.:_
IMuTr^ ■ Circular Mat on nutsSk
PUCE DflVlll »sr..s?°Fh -fry
ll T■" hII I U I our Special Brew
un I ! 1 1 U In L steam and La«er'
yj Ii I _. NW lIIU Overcoats arttT
Valises checked free.
.;•,;. Valises checked free.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
A Day in San Jose
For $1 00 Round Trip.
Including Admission to Agricultural Park.
Game and Gate Prizes. Children Half Price.
SUNDAY, MAY 91, 1899.
Trains leave Third and Townsend 9 a, m. ;
Valencia street 9:10 a. m. Tickets at Depots.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
-ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, oc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; Children, 20c
AMUSEMENTS. ■ _
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellnjf... .Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES OF
OFFbNBACH'S BEST WO_K,
"ORPHEUS
...MIND...
EURYDICE i
EURYDICE !"
"WHEN I WAS MONARCH IN ARCADIA!"
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT MONDAY,
the _____<rr)____i_>r."
De Koven and Smith's new opera.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 800
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Last 3 Nights and Sat. Matinee.
The "C_)r%l
The "ON
Great v-r*J
" AND
Fun rf^vrZTlZT **
ger, OFF"
Maker, V_Jr^ 1^ .
Charles Frohman's Most Successful Fares.
NEXT MONDAY—
KELCLY SHANNON CO. in
wMOTH«_fIAME
SEATS NOW SELLING.
The MONTROSE TROUPB
(Six in number),
WORLD'S GREATEST ACROBATS."
THE ESCAMILLOS,
Marvelous Equilibrists.
EDNA AUG, Versatile Comedienne.
ZAZELL AND VERNON, LA PETITE LUND.
HUGH STANTON, JAMES RICHMOND
GLENROY. JOHN LE CLAIR.
Last week of the beautiful SISTERS HAW-
THORNE ln "THE WILLOW PATTERN
PLATE **
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
NEXT WEEK-MOUNG TOON, the Bur-
mese Wonder.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED NIGHTLY.
THIS EVENING,
The Famous
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
•*H.M.S.~piMFORE"
•• AND -
"CAVALLERIA.:. RUSTICANA."
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— GYPSY BARON
PRICES:
Reserved Seats 25c and ROc
Gallery '. 1&«
Branch ticket Office at Pacific Graphophone
Parlors, 724 Market St., opp. Call Building.
ALCAZAR SSI
LAST THREE NIGHTS,
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW, SATURDAY,
Of Clay M. Greene's Farce Comedy.
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
PR1CE5 ......... 15c, 25c, 35c, 59c.
Next Week-"IN MIZZOURA. M
SEATS NOW READY.
; .. . i
TDTDTTCTJCC for barbers, bak-
D_#TT CU 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
_J _1 I J __ 11 __ __ ers, bootblacks, bath-
"*•*' ■* __•_■■** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
:, hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
I stablemen, .tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturer.. 609 Sacramento Si
lA/. T. HESS. •/
jrOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORN_T-__ LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 ; California St., below PowsU,
San Francisco. - ■ -
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver wea kea.
Wheat and Barley stronger.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
New Haj opens low.
-tuffs unchanged.
i and Seeds dull.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Poultry steady and In moderate receipt.
Butter and Eggs steady.
Cheese offering nt lower prices.
New fruits come In slowly.
Limes lower. Lemons dull.
Fair demand for Oranges.
Dried fruit nominal.
Hams In brisk demand.
Voal and Lamb weak.
Beef and Pork firm.
Increased exports of Lumber.
OUTLOOK FOR PEACHES.
One-Half the Trees Killed and the Others
Badly Injured.
The New York Commercial says:
"Reports from all peach growing sections
nre more or ess discouraging. Maryland
growers say that while the ere;, la not en
tirely ruined, the destruction has been so
great that the product of the entire State will
hardly supply home demands. Late reports
from "the southern portion are to the effect
that more fruit will be gathered than previous
ly- reported. It ems to be generally con
ceded thai three-fifths of the peach trees ol
Maryland have been destroyed.
"In Missouri i me of the largest growers
have found that every tree was killed. Re
ports from the entire State are not available.
but those that have been received say that
peach trees generally are dead, and all or
chards must be practically replanted.
"Last year Georgia shipped 2000 cars of
peaches This year not a carload will be sent
from the State, and at a late meeting of the
Fruit Growers' Association it was said that
Georgia consumers would have to buy for their
own use this season. The trees are not dead.
but are so injured that none blossomed this
spring.
"In some parts of Pennsylvania the crop
will be a total failure. How seriously the trees
have been injured it is Impossible to say, but
only a few have blossomed. Some growers are
inclined to think that the injury is only tem
porary, and that the trees will bear again next
year.
"The Delaware crop will be a failure. Last
years yield was only 1.000,000 baskets, com
pared with previous yields of more than 9,000.
--000. Very ninny of the trees were killed, and
ull were so badly frozen that no blossoms have
appeared.
"Statements from Canadian growers are more
••■ments from Canadian growers are more
encouraging. It is said that the Province of
Ontario will send out more peaches than ever
before. The cold of February had less effect
in the far North than in the South. .T. H.
Hale, the prominent peach grower of Connecti
cut, is quoted as saying that "the yield of the
country will be scarcely half an average crop."
and he also says that It will take five years
before orchards can bear as freely as they
have for the past few years.''
PRUNES UNDER FALSE LABELS.
The New York Commercial gives away the
following:
"Hartwlg ft Bennett are putting un what
"Hartwig A- Bennett are putting un what
they term a French prune in a new package,
a 40-lb. tin pall, with key for opening. The
fruit is really the best quality of California—,
but is put up in French style and goes out
under the name of French goods. The trade
expresses approval of the form of package and ]
indications point to an active demand for It."
The same paper says:
"For purely local reasons there is said to
have been a larger demand for prunes in th«
English market than ever before, and prices
have shown some indication of advancing.
Here! I the demand from England has
nearly all gone to France, but French growers
are unable to supply that demand at present,
and there appears to be some additional re
quest for American goods Reports from
France indicate that frost has injured the
blooms now on the trees, and prices on French
goods have advanced sharply within a short
time.
"According to recent advices from England
• According to recent advices from England
the demand for a stewinr fruit appears to be
on the increase, and English handlers are seek
ing the assistance of grocers to make this an
important branch of the fruit trade. Califor
nia rrunes have all the qualities required by
English consumers, and there seems likely to
be a strong and increasing demand from there
this season."
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
EXTORTS OF LIMBER.
Exports of Lumber from this port during the
first four month:- of the year were 7,219,000
feet, valued at $172,230. against 6,414,000 feet
valued at $117, for the same time in IS9S.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 18, sp. m. !
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall ln last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 32. 50 31.97
Red Bluff o.o^ 20.00 13.8U
Sacramento 0.00 14.06 10.01
Kan Francisco 0.00 16.00 5.06
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
San Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 7.14
Los Angeles 0.00 ' 4.95 7.08
San Diego 0.00 4.91 1.88
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
fiO; minimum, 46; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The pressure lias risen over Nevada and
southern California rather rapidly and in con
sequence cloudy and much colder weather Is
reported from Nevada. Utah, and northern
Arizona. Rain has. fallen at Carson City and
Winnemucca and will probably fall In Utah
and northern Arizona to-night and Friday.
The temperature lias fallen from 14 to is de
grees over the region between the Sierras and
the Rockies.
A maximum wind velocity of 32 miles from
the north is reported from Eureka.
recasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 19:
Northern California— Fair Friday; westerly
winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday except In
the mountains, where light showers may oc
cur; northwest winds.
Nevada— Cloudy; warmer Friday.
Utah— Probably showers early Friday;
cloudy; warmer Friday.
Arizona— Cloudy, with showers in the north
Friday; colder at Phoenix; warmer Friday
night in north.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Friday;
north winds, with fog in the morning.
ALEXANDER McADIE. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 18.— To-day ended on the
Stock Exchange with bears apparently unop
posed and in complete possession of the mar
ket. They made a fierce attack ln prices along
the whole line in the final hour after evi
dences of realizing at various points in the j
list had become quite possible. The largest
volume of profit-taking sales came up on the
market after quite an extended list of rail- !
road stocks had been taken in hand and pushed j
up to a decidedly higher level. This move
ment In the railroads continued after the lead
ing specialties had begun to go down and
gave a suggestion of a shifting of speculation '■
by taking out profit from the specialties and
putting them into railroads. But the railroad i
lift succumbed to the late attack, many stocks
losing between one and two points, and Bur- i
lington dropping 2% below the high point of
the day. Practically all the earlier gains In i
the railroads were wiped out, though small )
net advances remained In a very few case- '
Prices were marked up at the opening to ac
commodate the outside public who were com
ing in to buy after yesterday's notable ad- I
vances. The demand from that source was
soon satisfied and prices yielded and the mar
ket fell Into dullness at the decline. Losses
were sharpest of course In those stocks which
have been rushed up during the last few days
Railroads showed a pretty good resistance and
Manhattan was notably strong, touching 114
Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie i
which had not moved In a long time, became
briskly active, the common stock rising 10%,
and the preferred 7%. As the day progressed
a large demand sprang up for Atchison pre
ferred, the grangers. Union and Northern Pa
cific and other standard railroad stocks. Very
heavy bloeCa of Atchison preferred were taken
on the rise and the price in a number of cases
advanced over a point. Anaconda Mining also '
enjoyed a gain of 3*4 points. It whs under ,
cover of this movement In the railways that
the realizing of profits in the specialties was
In progress. Nearly all the Flower specialties.
Sugar and Tobacco began to sag under the ;
weight or the sales. In the attack which the '
bears were thus encouraged to make on the !
market. Sugar and Metropolitan Street Rail- I
way dropped over 7 points, Brooklyn Transit
4%, and a number of specialties 2 points or '
over. There was a momentary rally, but prices
plunged downward again .and the closing was
very weak and unsettled. Sugar alone rely
ing over a point on the taking of bear pro
fits, but the prices generally ending at the
lowest of the day. There was nothing In the
general news of the day which seemed to
influence the trading, unless It might be a
further hardening ln the rate of exchange
which continues to rise and Is near the gold
Import point, in spite of- the continued ease of
money, and the apparent abundance of funds
both hero and in the interior.
There was no diminution in the heavy de
mand for the new bond Issues of some of the
railroads, notably the Central Pacific reor
ganization Issues. Prices of railroad bonds held
notably firm. Total sales $5,020,000. United
States 8* advanced % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted
to 784,711 shares. including: International
Paper, 5100; Louisville and Nashville, 11.600-
Manhattan, 40,800: Metropolitan Street Rail
way, 7100; M. St. P. and B. M.. 5000; M. St. P.
and B. M. preferred, 7500; Missouri Pacific
HOC, New Jersey Central rights, 4000; Northern
Pacific, 11,400; Ontario and Western, 8000; Pa-
cific Mail. 3200; People's Gas, 20,500: Reading
first preferred, 7100; Rock Island, 11,800: St.
Louis Southwestern preferred, 7100: St. Paul.
31.000; Southern Pacific, 17,100; Southern Rail-
way preferreu. 3400; Tennessee Coal and Iron
Company, 7200; Union Pacific, 13,500: Union
Pacific preferred. 8500; United States Rubber
Company. 13.200; Wabash preferred, 4400; New
York Central, 4200; American Steel and Wire,
7200; American Sugar. 84,300; American Tin
Plate, 3700: American Tobacco, 9600; .Anaconda,
20,800; Atchison. 8000; Atchison preferred. 87.000;
Brooklyn Rapid Transit, 109,300: Central Pa-
cific, 6200: Burlington rights. 22,700; Burlington.
21.900; Chicago Consolidated Traction. 3200;
Chicago Great Western. 1600; Chicago Terminal
Traction, 4100; Chicago Terminal Traction pre-
ferred, 9400; Colorado Fuel and Iron Company,
3100; Continental Tobacco. 13,800: Federal Steel,
44,300; Federal Steel preferred, 7300. r- \
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18% St L _ S W 13'_
Do prefd 55% Do prefd 32«*
Baltimore & Ohio. 69% St Paul 124"*
Canada Pacific 971* Do prefd 169
Canada Southern.. 53 St P& Om 94%
Cent Pac 52% Do prefd 170
Ches & Ohio 26*4 So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 180 So Railway _%
Chi B& Q 132%. Do prefd 51%
Chi & E 111 76 'Tex & Pac 2J
Do prefd 121 Union Pac 43%
Chi G W 14>_ Do prefd "■-.
Chi Ind ft L 9 r Wabash 7%
Do prefd 3S I Do prefd 21%
Chi ft NXV 153 Wheel ft. L E .... .o**
Do prefd 192 I Do 2d prefd .... .S%
C C C _ St L.... 54% Express Companies —
Do prefd 97% Adams Ex IJO
Del ft. Hudson 117% I American Ex ul
Pel L & W 165 United States .... IS
Den _ Rio G 23% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 77 | Miscellaneous-
Erie new 13 A Cot Oil S3M-
Do Ist prefd .... 34% Do prefd 91
;Ft Wayne IS4 Amn Spirits 11*4
Gt Nor prefd ....189% Do prefd 32
Hocking Val 10 Am Tobacco lull
Illinois Cent 114 . Do prefd 141
! Lake Erie & XV.... 16%|Cons Gas ISS
i Do prefd G7_ Com Cable Co 179
, Lake Shore 19S Col F & Iron 47%
j I^ouis _ Nash M Do prefd 105
Manhattan L 111% Gen Electric 118
: Met St Ry 225% Haw Conil Co ....105
; Mich Cent 113 Brooklyn R T......116
Minn ft St L 68 Intnl Paper 4:*%
Do Ist prefd ....100% Do prefd SI
Mo Pacific 44% Laclede Gils ...... 65
Mobile & Ohio .... 41% Lead j2
Mo X & T 12% Do prefd 112*4
Do prefd 34 Nat Lin Oil 4
N J Cent 112 a Pacific Mall 50«4
N V Cent 134 People's Gas 119%
N V Chi * St I/.. 13 Pullman Pal 138
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Silver Cert 61
Do 2d prefd .... 30 Standard R & T.. j>%
Nor West 19% Sugar 165%
No Amer Co 11% Do prefd 116%
No Pacific 60 T C & Iron • .-'I
Do prefd 77% U 8 Leather 6
Ontario & W 2*-1- Do prefd '.0
Or R A X prefd.. 67 U S Rubber 44'«
Pac Coast Ist pfd. S3 ! Do prefd 113_
Do 2d prefd .... 36 West Union 82"
Pittsburg 184 Am S & W C 0... 64%
Reading 19% Do prefd ''7;.
- Ist prefd 33% IPac1 Pac Coast _.... 39
RG W 33 Nor ft W prefd... 67%
Do prefd 70 Colo Southern 5%
Rock Island 111% Do Ist prefd ifiu
St LA- S F 1!'„ Do 2d prefd .... 19
Do prefd 70 Fed Steel 60%
Do 2d prefd .... 37 I Do prefd Sl%
CLOSING BONDS.
U P 2s reg 99^ \* V Cent lsts 114%
do 3s les'-. N J Cent gen .120
1' S 3s coup 108% V Carolina 6s 127
V S new 4s reg 129% do 4s 104
do coup 129% N* Pac lsts pref...!2((
U S old 4s reg 112% do 3s 67%
do coup 113% do 4s 1044
U S 6a reg 112% N V C & St L 4s. 107
do coup 112*4 Norf ft W con 45.. 94%
District 3-668 IIS I do gen 6s 131
Ala class A 110 Or Nay lsts 11l
do b HO J do 4s 103%
do C 100 Or g Line fis 131%
do currency 100 do con 5s 111%
Atchison gen 4s 101% Reading gen 4s 87%
do adjt 4s 52% R G W lsts 100%
Can So Ms ill St Lft 1 M eon 55. 110%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. T'4', St I. ft S F j 68... 124%
do 6s llsi2 St Paul cons 167*4
Cft N W con .11l St I 1 Cft P 15t5... 123%
do S F deb 5s 122' i do 5s 123%
Chi Term 4s 102 iBo Railway 65... .110**
D <<• R G lsts 10.314 S R & Twine 65.. 87
do 4s 102% Term new set 35.. 97!-,
E T Va & Ga lsts. 105% Tex & Pac _ta....116>_ I
Erie gen 4s 71% do 2ds 55%
Ft W& D c lsts. S3%. Union Pac 4s 107 ,
Gen Elec Ss 12'"' Wabash lsts ......115U .
G H & S A 6s 114 do 2ds 100
do 2dS 111% West Shore 4s 114
lowa On lsts 114 Wis Cen lsts 71
La new con 4s 110% Va cent 85 |
Lft N unified 45.. 99% do deferred 6 1
M X _ T ZdS 67 Colo So 4s 87 !
do 4s 96 I
MINING STOCKS.
Choiiar 25 Ontario IS
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 93
Con Cal & Ya .... 1 2."> Plymouth 10
Deadwood 55 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 30. Do prefd 775 .
Hale ft Norcross.. 31 Sierra Nevada 75
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 40
Iron Silver 68 Union Con 3".
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 33
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 92
Call loans 3 4-= Westingh Elec ... 49%
Time loans 3%4j4 . Do prefd 64%
Stocks— Wis Cent 1
A T & St Fe 19 Bonds-
Do prefd 55% Atchison 4s ICO'4
Amer Sugar 155%! Mining Shares —
Do prefd 116%' Adventure 11%
Bell Tel 347 Allouez Mm C 0.... 10
Boston _ Albany. 2s7 | Atlantic 32
Boston L 112 [Boston _ Mont 360
Boston & Maine... lßl i Butte & Boston .. „
Chi Bur ft y 132 -Calumet & Hecla..S3o
Ed Elec 198 • Centennial 41
Fltchburg prefd ..117 Franklin 322
Gen Electric 117 Humboldt 2%
Fed Steel 61 Osceola 89%
Do prefd ...: 81% Parrott .'.. 63%
Mcx Cent 14 Quincy 163%
Michigan Tel 94 Santa Fe Copper.. 14%
Old Colony 210 (Tamarack 228
Old Dominion 43 I Winona 16
Union Pac 43% • Wolverine 4".
Union Land 6%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 18.— The Commercial Ad-
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a holiday feeling to-day in the
markets, but they were firm. Americans were
wanted generally and were well above parity,
particularly Pacific issues and St. Paul, but
New York sold all around, chiefly St. Paul,
causing the worst prices at the close. There was
a further relapse in the street, and finally a
Blight rally. Spanish fours were 63% on belated
bear closing and coppers were hard but- under
the best. Tintos were 43%. Anacondas closed
at 12 5-16, but were bought largely in . the
street to 12%. Utahs were 8%, Bostons 29 1-18.
Silver finished flat at 28, America selling free-
ly. The rate was unchanged at 3 per cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON. May 18, 4 p. m.— Canadian Pacific.
100%; Northern Pacific preferred, 19%; Union
Pacific referred, 75%: Grand Trunk, 8; Ana-
conda, 12%; bar silver, quiet, 28 l-16d per
ounce; money, 1% per cent. :." ■•_:
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,628 barrels; exports, 14,959. Quiet but steady
all day.
WHEAT— Receipts, 56,425 bushels; exports,
7995. Spot, firmer but dull; No. 2 red, 84ViC
spot and to arrive f. o. b.' afloat and elevator
79'Uc; No. 1 Northern Duluth, SZ%c I. o. b.
; afloat to arrive. Options opened very steady
! on favorable cables and bullish crop reports,
with prices unchanged to %c higher, and rap
j Idly advanced l%c on broadening speculation.
Crop accounts in the afternoon were very- bad
and closing cables strong. A rumor that the
j strike at Buffalo had been settled caused ter
n liquidation, but the market again ral-
lied and closed firm at a net advance of I%'fr
! l%c. May. 79%(&51%c, closed 81c; July. 76 11-lfii)
78% c, closed 78% c; September, 75 9-16@77%c,
I closed 77Vic.
HOPS Dull.
HlDES— Firm.'
WOOL— Firm. •'."
METALS— The metal tmarket continues dull
\ and featureless, with prices In some Instances
entirely nominal in the absence of important
business. News of consequence failed to put
in an appearance, leaving the local contingent
quite dependent upon home developments for
Inspiration. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet, with $11 12% "old
and $11 15 asked. • •
LAKE COPPER-Dull at $19. ..', *;
TlN— Dull and easy, with $25 60 bid and
$25 *"", asked.
LEAD— Dull, with $4 45 hid and $4 50 asked
The brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and for cop-
per 519.
SPELTER— DuII, with $6 75 bid and $7 asked
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
6* points lower. Sales, 9500 bags. Including:
May, *;,; June, $0 05; July. $5 15; August, $5 25.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull; mild, quiet
uV-;4!-oR»w' ?ulet but iirm: -""fined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6586 packages. Steady
Western creamery, 15@19c; factory, 11%@13C
EGGS— Receipts, 15,553 packages. Steady-
Western. 13<gl4c; Southern. U%©l3c. *3*ettay*
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May IS.-Reports of drouth in
• southeastern Europe and a sharp advance at
i Liverpool started wheat firm. Holders were
l disposed to take profits, however, and the
'• market eased off momentarily. Meantime nu
merous and sensational complaints of damage
by Hessian flies began to pour in and the buy-
ing movement became general. Shorts com-
peted actively and all offerings were absorbed
by the luckless bears. The market continued
active and strong to the close. Outside buy-
ing was of larger volume than for 4 several
months. July opened %c higher at 71%(&72c
declined- to 71% c and advanced to 73% cat the
close. . ,
Corn weakened early under country selling
I but rallied quickly when wheat began to ad-
vance. July gained %®%c.
Fears of a squeeze In May, owing to small
contract stocks, strengthened • oats. July ad-
vanced *4lg%c.
Small shipments and large receipts of hogs
weakened provisions early. The loss was re-
covered near the and on covering . Induced by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT_, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
the strength in grain. Pork closed unchanged
and lard and ribs gained 2%<?5c each.
The. leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71 72% 70% 72%
July 72 73% 71% 73%
September 71% 78% .71% 73%
Corn No. 2—
May 32% 33 32% 33
July 33% 33% 33% 33%
September 33% 34% 33% 34%
Oats No. 2— i-::',>-':
- 27 27% 26% 27%
July 23% 24% 23% 24%
September 20%" 21% 20% 21%
Mess Pork. ■ per barrel —
July SIS 8 17% 8 02% BIS
September ..8 30 8 32% 820 8 32%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 5 02% 5 07% 6 02% 5 07%
September 515 5 22% 6 12% 5 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 4Go 4 67% 4 62% 4 67%
September 4 77% 480 475 480 •
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
TIT, 72c: No. 3 spring wheat. 67@71c: No. 2 red.
73*i<&75c; No. 2 corn, 33% c: No. 2" oats, 27%©25 c;
No. 2 white, 30@31c; No. 3 white. 29%@30c; No.
2 rye, 61% c; No. 2 barley, 33<tf40c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 05; prime timothy seed, $2 25; mess
pork, per barrel, . $8 10^8 15; lard, per 100
pounds, $566 02%; short vital sides (loose). $4 45
<f*f4 73; dry Baited shoulder's (boxed), 4%@4%c;
Short clear sides (boxed), $4 96@5; whisky, dis-
tillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 26. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 . 10,000
Wheat, bushels 35.000 108.000
Corn, bushels 75.000 644.000
Oats, bushels .: 202.000 . 296,000
Rye. bushels 4.000
Barley, bushels 11.000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 12fqlSMiC; Dai
ries. 10©16 c. Eggs, steady; fresh, ll%c. Cheese,
easy; Creameries, 9(?f10%c. ■;. --'-■ ■: j\
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July Sept.
Opening 6 11 5 7% 5 6%
Closing 5 11 6 7% 5 7
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 60 20 25
Closing 1 20 60 20 25
Flour-
Opening 43 45 27 75
Closing .„.. 43 45 27 60
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May I?.— Owing to the small sup-
ply of cattle to-day the market ruled strong
to 10c higher. Fancy grades brought $5 50®
5 60; choice steers, $5 25155 45; mediums, $4 7f>@
4 95; beef steers, $4 2.v;t4 70; stockers and feed-
ers, $4135 15; cows and heifers, $3S'4 25; bulls,
$3@4 25; Western fed steers. $4 60Q6 35; Texas
steers, $3 9095; calves, $4 6007 60.
There was a lively local and shipping de-
mand for hogs at previous prices. Fair to
choice. $3 87%(ff3 97%; heavy packers, $3 30/g>
3 SO: mixed. $3 60ff3 85; butchers. $3 65®3 92%;
lights, $3 65(?J3 67%; pigs, $3 25ig3 55.
The demand for sheep and lambs was un-
abated and prices ruled strong at the recent
advance. Sheep sold at $4 8506 50. chiefly $5 25
<gT> 50: Colorado wooied lambs, $6 55@6 76; shorn
lots, $5 75<f?6 20; spring lambs, $7<gS per cwt.
Receipts— Cattle, 9000; hogs, 32,000; sheep,
15,000.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May IS.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 13,347 bales were offered and consisted
of a miscellaneous selection. Greasy merinos
were fairly represented and sold readily, while
lower grades ruled irregular. Scoured was
strongly supported. A good selection of Falk- I
land Island wool was offered, with fine grades
ruling firm, and well taken and coarser grades
occasionally a farthing cheaper. The latter j
grades were often withdrawn. Attendance was i
good. Continental buyers purchased freely in j
cross breds and the home trade also bought
I large supply. . -', \ Ji ■■
FOREIGN MARKETS.
FOREIGN-MARKETS.
LONDON, May IS.— Consols, 110 5-16; Silver,
LONDON, May IS. -Consols. 110 6-16; Silver.
2v 1-16; French Rentes, U2f 42d; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart ; cargoes on
passage, nothing "doing; English country mar-
kets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, May IS.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; French
l country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern Duluth, ,
firm, 6a 2%d; futures, quiet: May, 5s lid; July,
5s 7%d; September, 5a Td.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, firm. 3s
■ fid; American mixed, new. firm. 3s Cd; Ameri- I
' can mixed, old, firm, 3s 6%d; futures, quiet; !
May, 3s (id; July. 3s 5%d; September. 3s 5%d.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 18.— -Cotton, steady; mid-
dlings, fi%c.
NEW ORLEANS, May Cotton, quiet;
middlings. 6 13-16 c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
| NEW* YORK. May 18.— The Earl Fruit Com- j
pany's rales of California fruit to-day: Royal ;
j Ann. average $3 60@4 10; Black Tartarian, SOcft
$2 65, average $1 71; Royal cots, average $2 6.5.
PHILADELPHIA, May 18.— The Karl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit: Black I
Tarturians. average $2 08.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May 18.— Clearings, $207,654;
PORTLAND, May IS. -Clearings. 8207,684; j
balances, $41,259.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 18.— The Eastern markets
PORTLAND, May IS.— The Eastern markets
were booming to-day and Europe was also j
! stronger. Strength elsewhere, though, failed i
to affect the local market, as there is no ton-
nage available at a reasonable rate, which j
would enable buyers to meet farmers' ideas
of values. Fifty-seven cents Is still available
for Walla Walla and valley Is nominally 68c;
bluestem Is quoted at COc. ■ ': \- ;
WASHINGTON. v
TACOMA. May is.— May wheat is not doing
much to improve the market. Prices remain
at the figures which have ruled for the week,
club, 57t; bluestem, 6"c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 88%
Sterling Cables : — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Mexican Dollars — 60
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Bullish news hardened the Chicago
market. Reports from there said that the
market was broadening on the worst prospects
ever known. Crop reports are deteriorating
dally. A drought Is reported In Odessa, . and
the Roumanian crop was half lost before the
recent rains came, and the remaining half
looks poorly. Talk of Hessian fly in the West
continues. The situation in the Danube is re-
ported worse.
This market is unchanged on the spot, but
firmer In futures. ".-•'.■ . - :^
Spot Wheat— Shipping, . Jl 05(81 06%; milling,
Jl 0S„@1 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— l2,ooo ctls,
Jl 14%.
Regular Morning Session— December— -40,000
ctls. $1 15%; 46.000, $1 15%; 6000, Jl 15. May—
2000, Jl 07.
Afternoon Session— December lo,ooo ctls,
Jl 15; 14.000, Jl 14%.
There Is a deal ln May. In which the shorts
are being squeezed. The longs are enabled to
do this by reason of the light spot stocks.
Prices are higher in consequence, and the de-
mand for spot Barley is brisk. Feed, Jl 06 _
1 07%; Brewing, Jl lOfil 12% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock sales.
Afternoon Session—No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
$1 06%; 2000, $1 06%; 4000, $1 06%. December—
2000, 91"% c; 2000, 91% c. Seller. '99 new— 2ooo,
87% c: 4000. S7%c: 14,000, 87">ic.
Afternoon Session -December— 2ooo ctls, 91% c;
Seller '99 new— 2ooo. S7%c.
Quotations show a few narrow
changes. The feeling is steady. Receipts and
stocks are light, and so is the demand. W, -.-
Fancy Feed. Jl 47%.: 1 60 per ctl; good to
choice. Jl 42%<51 47%; common, Jl 37%(81 40;
Surprise, Jl 00; Gray, J! KOI 45; Milling, jl 45„
150 per ctl; Red, Jl 35©1 40; Black, Jl 800
1 32%. \ ' • . ,
CORN— No ' further change. * "
Small round Yellow, Jl 25(gl 40; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 12%@1 15; White, Jl 15@1 17%;
mixed, Jl 10 per ctl; California White, nomi-
RYE-JKBI 02% per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.'
California family extras, J3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. J3 40(83 50; Oregon
and Washington, S3 (001 45 per bbl for extra,
J3 25&3 40 for bakers', and J2 30®2 60 for super
fine. £'•'.*•"."* J..' t:.'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, J2 76; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal, J2 50; ex-
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 26; Oatmeal, J4 50ff14 76
- Groats, $4 75; Hominy. •J3 25(ft3 50; Buck-
wheat Flour, J4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. J3 75
- SI 50; Whole Wheat Flour. S3 50; Rolled'
Oats (barrels), J6 55(88 95; In sacks, J6 35(86 75-
Pearl Barley. J5; Split Peas. 14 50; Green Peas'
35 per 100 lbs. . ...- y -. ' '
: HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Two cars of new Oat Hay came In from An
tioch and sold at $7 50 per ton. This is a had
opening for the new crop and seems to mdl- ;
cate very cheap Hay this year. Old Hay Is
dull and unchanged. "----•:
Feedstuff's are the same.
BRAN— SI 6 60917 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7ftrI9 per ton. '
. FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50@23 per
ton; Oilcake -Meal at the mill, $25®26 50; Job-
bing, $27 60; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; i Cornmeal,
$23 50<§24 60; Cracked Corn, • $24@25; Mixed
Feed, $15@16; Cottonseed Meal, $24@26 per ton.
Wheat. '• $10012 for good to choice and
$7 50®9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $7®
11; Oat, .'s6olo: Barley, $608; Alfalfa. $4®6 50.
STRAW— 2S®SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing new to report,, trade be-
ing very dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@1 50; Small White. $1 90
®2 10; Large Whites. $1 50®1 60; Pinks, $1 70®
1 SO; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, $4 10®4 25; Butters
nominal; Limas, $3 90®4 05; Pea, $2 25® 2 40- Red
Kidneys, $2 25®2 40 per ctl. . • &.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed
2*fcic per 11) ; Alfalfa, 8%®9%c; Rape, 3®3%e
- 4®4%c; Timothy, 4%@5%c. r
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $1 7502; Green. $2 10®
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 649 boxes Asparagus, 429 boxes
Rhubarb, 414 sacks Peas, 135 boxes and SO sacks
Beans and 1500 boxes and 743 sacks new Po
tatoes.
Everything under this head stands about the
same as previously quoted. Green Peas are
rather weak and String Beans are steady at
the good prices. Potatoes and Onions show lit-
tle change.
POTAIUES-sl®l 25 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 25@1 60 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 25®
1 70; New Potatoes, l%@2c per lb In sacks and
$1 50@1 85 for Rivers ln boxes.
ONIONS— are nominal; new, 25® per
sack for Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50c(g$l 25 per bo»
for No. 2, $1 60®1 75 for No. 1 and $2@2 25 for
fancy; Rhubarb. 35@60c per box ' .'or common
and 76c®$l for good to choice; Green Peas, 1%
@2c for common and 2%c for Garden: String
Beans from Los Angeles, 4® 6c for green and 6®
8c for Golden Wax; String Beans from Vaca-
vlUe, 6®Sc for Green and 7®9c for Wax; Cab-
bage, $1 40; Tomatoes. $2®2 50 per box; Egg
Plant, 12%e per lb; Garlic, 6®6c for new;
Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c:
Green Peppers, 10@15c; • Carrots, 25®35c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 40t"ir$l per dozen;
Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c; Marysville Cv-
cumbers, $2 per box; Summer Squash, »I®l 25
per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $5 for Ducks, $5 50®
6 for Hens and $4 50 for old Roosters. Another
car is due.
Local stock remains about as previously
quoted.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12®13c for Gob-
blers and 12®13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 60; Goslings, $2; Ducks, $4 5005 30 for old and
$5 50®7 for young; Hens, $4 5005 60; young
Roosters, $7® B 50; old Roosters. $4 6006: Fryers.
$6®6 50; Broilers. $4 5005 50 for large, $2 50®
350 for small Pigeons. $2®2 25 per dozen for
Old and $1 7502 26 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton-
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese Is very weak and some dealers are
offering the pick of their shelves at 9c. Stocks
are liberal. Butter is steady, there being no
excessive stock on hand at the moment. Eggs
are steady with a fair demand and moderate
supplies.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 16%@17c; sec-
onds, 16c.
Dairy— Fancy. 15c; good to choice, 13®14%c;
store. ll'SlZc per lb.
CHEESE Choice mild new, ngr<%o; old. B%c;
Young America, 10®llc; Eastern. 13016 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15® 16c for store and 17®lSc
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 16%@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were ISS4 boxes Cherries and 762
chests Strawberries.
Currants from Haywards brought $125 per I
drawer, and from San Leandro $1 60 per crate. j
A few Peaches came in, but no Apricots.
This latter fruit is singularly scarce in this :
market this year.
Cherries were weak, and sales were rather '
slow, though arrivals continued 'light. Some
fancy black from Sonoma sold at 100 in bulk.
Berries of all kinds stand about the same.
Oranges are in fair demand at the familiar I
quotations. Limes are lower and Lemons are!
dull.
Logan Berries from Bouldin Island brought
75c per drawer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— • T '
Apples. $1 60®2 60 for fair to rood and <s®3 50
for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 60® 65c per
box.
HFRniFS— Gnosebe— les 2"c ncr drawer and
1%02%C per lb in bulk: Blackberries, from Co-
vina. $2 per crate, from Newcastle. $1 ."or, 75
per crate: .Strawberries, (3 6005 per chest for
small and $2 5003 50 for large berries; Rasp-
berries, 75c per drawer; Newcastle Raspber
ries. $1 30 per crate.
Cherries, 36060 c for red, 40®600 for white, 73
086 c for Royal Anne and 50c*i$l per box for
black; black, in bulk, 50Sc; white, 3iß3c per lb.
Apricots. per crate.
Peaches, $1 25®2 per box.
CITRUS KRUlTS— Navel Oranges. $2 23(33 75
per box: Seedlings. $1 2562 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 6002 25; Lemons, $1 3591 50 for com-
mon and $2*?2 JO for rood to cholc»- Mexican
Limes. $4 60; California Limes, 50®75c per
small box: Grape Fruit. $1 .'.(."_ 2 30; nunan_,
$1 .""'(r2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3® 4 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
New York mail advices says: "Total sup-
plies of Peaches in this market are said to
he less than five cars.. With the new crop
four or five months away, there Is no pros]..,?
of a reduction In price. Opening prices on j
Apricots are likely to be B%c. While this
is not given as official, private advices from
the coast confirm the statement. Stocks are
nearly cleaned up and are held firmly up to
quoted prices."
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50's. 5®
5%e for 50-6"' 4®4%c for 60-70' 3%®3%c for
70-So's. 2%(53%c for SO-90's. 2%®2%c for 90-100'
and 2®2%c for 100-110's; Peaches. S%®9**c for
good to choice, lOOIO%c for fancy and 14®16c for
, peeled: Apricots. 12%(?f13e for Royals and 14®15c
for Moot-parks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun
dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums, ' nominal,
l%c for unpltted and 4%®6c for pitted; Pears,
3®9c. according to color, etc.
RAISINS— ?.\o for two-crown, 4%c for three-
crown. s*V4c for four-crown, 4%'f?6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, I% ■,,;:■■
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts. s®Bc
for hardshell. 10011 c for softshell; Almonds 8®
| 9c for hardshell, 12®13c for softshell, 14® for
' papershell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and 4%®
| 6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50(9)5.
HONEY— Comb. 10®llc for bright and B„9c
I for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%®
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5®5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S®27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Quotations remain unaltered. The demand
for Hams Is still lively.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Sc per lb for heavy,
B%®9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light, 12c
| for extra light and 12%„13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 11®11%c; California
Hams, 10©10% c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl: extra
Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef. $15®15 50: extra
prime Pork, $12: extra clear, $18; mess. $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per .lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%©5% c per lb for
compound and 7%07%C for pure; half barrels,
pure. Sc; 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half-
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS. *•
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9@9%c; light. S%c; Cow-
hides, 9c; Stags, 6@B%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, I6c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15(ff15%c; dry Calf, 17C7
Sheepskins, shearlings. 100*— each; short
Wool. 85060 c each: medium, 70@90c: long Wool
Soc®sl 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $1 76@2 25
for large and 11 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, <®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%®3%c; refined. ; grease. 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San ' Joaquin and
Southerns, 7 months. 709 c; year's staple. 608 c:
Foothill and- Northern free. 10®12c: Foothill
and Northern defective. 8@10c; Nevada, 9®l2c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll®l2c.
Fall Wools
■ Northern Mountain 7 (iTSc
Southern .' 5%<7r7c
Plains 5%06c
HOPS— crop, 10®llc per lb for ordinary.
12®12%c for good an. l 13^15r for choice to
fancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remain unchanged. Veal
and Lamb continue weak, while Beef and Pork
are firm. *
*.V hoi. sale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%®B%c per lb for Steers and 6%®70
for Cows. —
VEAL— B®S%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7%c; Ewes, 7c per lb
LAMB— Spring. B<gS%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%®5%c for small, 6%(f»
6c for medium and j 5®5%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%®5c; dressed Hogs, 7
@B%c. ..
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for .Tune
and July; Wool Bags, 20-?28c; San Quentin
Bags. $4 95. '- .'- *y»
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling-
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 60; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
In. sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton ln bulk and $14
ln sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, ln 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered, 6%c; Candy : Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A, s„c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4*140;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more, half barrels
%c more; boxes, %c more; 60-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 76 barrels or Its
equivalent. .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, May IS. '
Flour, qr sks .... 14,737 Hay, tons 228
Barley, ctls 990 .Straw, tons 26
Oats, ctls 630 Lime, bbls IS2
Tallow, ctls " 208; Sugar, bbls ' t>s
Butter, ctls 356 Powder, car 1
Cheese, ctls ..... 153 Eggs, doz 23.F70
Potatoes, sks .... 1.552 Leather, rolls ... 203
Onions, sks 320 Wine, gals 57,000
Bran, ctls 1,150 Pelts, bdls 2.950
Middlings, sks .. 1.400 Wool, bags 1,660
Sugar, sks 4,9151
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,472 ; Potatoes, sks ... 22
Oats, ctls 750
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were-- generally in good tone on
the Bond Exchange yesterday morning. Ha
waiian Commercial advanced to $117 60, Giant
Powder to $77 37%. and Contra Costa Water to
$71 12%. Other stocks showed little change.
On the afternoon call Oceanic advanced to
$90, Hawaiian to $118 and Giant to $78.
Mining, stocks were weaker again. The tele
gram from the pump said: "Started elevator
when water arrived at 2:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. Ran both 'elevators together for
over an hour. The second elevator Is now run
ning steadily. The water is 166 feet below the
1750 level and 192 feet below the Sutro tunnel
drain boxes."
A second telegram said: "Second elevator
working steadily. The water was 170 feet be
low the 1750 level and 196 feet below the Sutro
tunnel discharge boxes at 11:30 a. m."
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company has
declared a semi-annual dividend of 1% per
cent, payable on June 1.
The Pacific Metal Works have declared
their usual monthly dividend of 60c per share,
payable June 5.
Additional mining dividends paid on the 15th
Inst, were: Central Lead of Missouri. $.5000;
Doe Run of Missouri, $2500; Golden Cycle of
.'»?.' °l?do,',.ssooo: Highland of South Dakota.
$20,000; War Eagle of British Columbia, $26,-
The Empire Mining Company of Grass Val
sso oooe°ently rald a dividend amounting to
<_U, 000.
The Cornstock Pumping Association reports
The Comstock Pumping Association reports
having had in Its treasury on May 15 a surplus
2f.,14'47n^22- witn a" expenses paid to that
date. Ihe expenses for the past month
amounted to $1705 61. .The balance - remaining
to he paid on the pumping contract for lower
!"£. t,he water the full 500 feet, or to about the
2200 level, Is $15,000.
Official reports from the Gold Hill mines for
the past week state that the Confidence, Chal
lenge Consolidated and Consolidated Imperial
mining companies have been engaged in taking
out old track and putting new track In the
west crosscut from the surface tunnel; also in
replacing some of the old timbers in the tun-
Ti! *j;u,h new sets, where found necessary. In
he Belcher mine the work has been confined
making repairs to the station on the 600
level of the shaft.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 18-2 p. m.
„„„. Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 7% 7%
4s quar coup.. 114 — Mutual El Co. 16% 16
4s quar reg... — _ 'Oakland Gas.. 45 46
4s quar new. .129 130 Pac Gas Imp.. — 70
is quar coup..lus — , Pac LCo — 44%
Miscellaneous— .6 F G & E 69% 69%
Cal-st Cab 55.117 — |San Fran 3% 3%
Cal Elec L 65.125%127% Stockton Gas.. — 13%
C C Wat 55. ...112 112%, Insurance—
pup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund. 222 —
E L & p 65....130%11l Bank Stocks-
F & CI Ry 6s. — 117 |Anglo-Cal — 67%
Geary-st it ss. — — Bank of Ca1. .261 265
H C & S 5%5.102% — I Cal S D & T. — —
LARy 6s 107%10S 'First Natlonl..2?o _
L A L, Co t_..lui„ — Lon P & A... 130 131
• Do gntd 65.. 101% — Mer Exchange— '
Market-st 65... 128% — Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Do Ist M ss. — 118 savings Banks—
NC IS _it ,4.108 - Ger S & L.1600 1640
In Ry Cal 65.. 116 — (Hum S _ L.IUGU il«0
NPc R R 6s. - 108 I Mutual Say.. — 41%
NP C II 'R 55.103%104% S F Say U.. 500 -
NPC R R 55. 103% — iS & L 50.... — 91%
N Cal R R 55. 110 — I Security S B 300 350
Oak (las 55.... 11l - ! Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65. .127 130 , Street Railroads—
P& CI Ry 65. 107 — California 116 —
I' „ O 6s 117 — 'Geary »7% —
Powell-st 65... — 122%; Market-st 63 63%
Sne El Ry ss. - — Oak 8L& H. — —
SF& N P 53.116 117 Presidio - 17
S F _ 8 .iVus.Ua lie . Powder—
SierraßCal 65..105% — California 160 157%
S Pof Ar 65. .113% — T Dvnamlt» so «■>
S P C 6s (DOS) - 112 Giant Con Co. 77% 78
SPC 6s (1906) - — I Vigorit ; ft 4
SPC. 6s (1912) — — I Sugar—
SPCIs eg ss. 104% — Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
S P Br 65.... 123% — Maw C& S C.IIS —
S V Water 65. 116 116% Hutch S P C. 34% 34%
S V Water 48.104 - Kllauea S Co.. 32% 33
B V W*45(3dm).102%103 Onomea S Co. 44% 45
Stktn Gas 65..102%105 Paauhau S P. 42% 42%
Water stocks— Miscellaneous-
Contra Costa.. 70% 71 |A 1 Pac Assn. . 112% —
Mann ' " 50' — tier Ld Wk5..250 • —
Spring Valley. — . Mer, Ex Assn.. 90 —
Gas and Eiectrlc— I Oceanic S Co.. 89% 90%
Capital Gas...— — IPac A F A.... 2% —
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0..119. .119 —
Cent L & P... — 7% Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session. '
Board— -;••.. ; ,
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 112 00
50 Contra Costa Water *» 69 50
20 Contra Costa Water 70 00
30 Contra Costa Water 70 50
25 Contra Costa Water 71 00
60 Contra Costa Water 71 12%
5 Giant Powder Con, b 5 77 00
60 Giant Powder Con 77 00
60 Giant Powder Con ; 77 50
50 Giant Powder Con 77 25
10 Giant Powder Con 77 77%
50 Hawaiian Commercial _ Sugar 116 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 116 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 117 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial _ 5ugar. .....117 50
70 Hutchinson S P Co 34 50
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 50
10 Oakland Gas 45 50
35 Oakland Gas .- ..45 00
250 Paauhau S P Co 42 12%
135 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 69 73
150 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 69 62U
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 70 00 "
2." San Francisco Gas _ Electric C 0.... 69 87%
200 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 69 50
200 Vigorit Powder 375
Afternoon Session.
Board
150 Contra Costa Water 71 00
5 Contra Costa Water 70 87%
60 Contra Costa Water, s 5 71 00
25 Equitable Gas 7 12%
20 Giant Powder Con 78 00
70 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
85 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. .....US 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
123 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
75 Paauhau S P Co, 42 25
10 San Francisco Gas „ Electric Co 69 75 '
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 69 62%
215 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 69 50
50 Spring Valley Water ....102 50
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage). 102 73
600 Vigorit Powder ..;.. 375
1200 Vigorit Powder 3 57%
Street—
150 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. -
Board— ;.,.V
- Equitable Gaslight 700
35 San Francisco Gas &-. Electric Co 69 50
40 Hutchinson S P Co 34 12%
50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 00
250 Vigorit Powder 3 57%
10 Paauhau S P Co 42 00 "
25 Paauhau S P Co 41 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board — : .' •''.-•
23 Contra Costa Water 71 00
10 Contra Costa Water 7112%
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 69 75
60 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
60 Paauhau S I* Co 4250
100 Vigorit Powder .' 375
Street— • ;'...:
55 Equitable Gaslight 7 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Equitable Gaslight 7 12%
20 Equitable Gaslight 7 25
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 114 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 114 25
60 Hutchinson S P Co 34 25
, ;* , Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Equitable Gaslight 7 25
25 Equitable Gaslight 7 35
10 Equitable, Gaslight 7 _*/
20 Contra Costa Water ................... 70 25'
30 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 32 62%
20 Kllauea Sugar Plantation 'Co ; 32 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 117 26
10 Paauhau S'P Co 42 joix
10 Paauhau S P. Co ...:.. '..... ..J , 42 25
10 Spring Valley Water 102 25
' Street—-
• 10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 11100
, s| MINING STOCKS.
Following were the . sales In the San Fran-
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ■
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher 49 100 Occidental .'.- 57
100 con Cal & Va.l 40 500 Ophlr .. '"1 05
100 Confidence 95. 100 Potosl «
100 Crown Point... 26 ,100 Sierra" Nevada.' 'll
300 crow" Point... S S.ftffi'gr^ «
„S!§__|.%::: til 10° YeIlow *■-**.
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ........ ' 3.1 1 100 Ophir . 1 ns I
400 Con Cal & Va.l 45 - 500 Overman * „ '
100 Crown Point... 28 100 Yellow Jacket" as
200 Mexican ...".... 45.. JacKej.. 36
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ~iw._
Morning Session.
_£ Alta 07 600 Gould & Curry '30
200 Alia :.. 08 500 Mexican /... ' 43
1000 Best & Belcher 49 300 Mexican .. ""44
200 Bullion 07 200 Occidental ..""' 07
200 Caledonia ...... 411 200 Ophlr 7. t'o"r
200 Caledonia 40 1100 Ophlr ..... ','. 105
200 Con Cal & V.l 37% 500 Potosl .'- 24
600 Con Cal & V...1 40 200 Union Con .... 42
50 Confidence 96 1 200 Yellow Jacket. 35
1100 Crown Point... 26 300 Yellow Jacket. 36
, Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 09; 400 Justice 19
600 Best & Belcher 5u 300 Mexican ....... 44
200 Con Cal _ Va.l 45 1 300 Sierra Nevada. 78
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 18—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Kentuck 05 08
Alta 07 OS Lady Wash.... 01 02
Andes .......... 07 09 Mexican 41 45
Belcher 34 35 Occidental 27 29
Best & Belcher 50 51 Ophlr 105 110
Bullion 06 07 Overman 14 la
Caledonia 46 — Potosi 25 26
Chollar 30 31 Savage 23 24
Challenge Con. 33 35 Scorpion — 03
Confidence 96 98iSeg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Cal & Va.l 40 1 45: Sierra Nevada. <7 /8
Con Imperial ..CI 02 Silver Hill .... — 03
Crown Point... 25 26 Syndicate 0d —
Con New York. — 02 Standard 2.a —
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 0o —
Gould & Curry 29 31 Union Con .... 42 43
Hale & Norcrs 33 34 Utah ■■■■■ 14 16
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 3o 36
Justice 18 191 .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William B. and Jule XV. Wellman to Clara
P. Morton (wife of Henry D.). lot on NE cor
ner of Steiner street and Broadway. E 34:4_
by N 137:6; $10. _ , . ,
San Francisco Church Extension Society OI
the Methodist Episcopal Church to Mrs Ellen
B. Capp, lot on SE corner of Oak and Ash
bury streets. S 137:6 by E 73; $9300. . ' v. ;
G. T. and Annie Knopf and Herman J. Ma
kowskl to Virginia Makowski, lot on N line or
Twenty-first street, 25 E of Florida, E -a by
N 93; $10. _ T ...
Peter J. and Mary E. Carr to Agnes D. Litton.
lot on W line of Howard street. 30:2 S of Twen
ty-fourth,. S 34:10 by W 115; $10.
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to same,
same; $10. _ , 
Sarah A. Callahan to Emma J. Brown (wife
of John A.), lot on E line of San Jose avenue,
148 S of Twenty-fifth street,. S 25. E 90. .N 43,
XV 61, SW to beginning; gift.
Julius and Susie Levy to Giovanni Cerelli.
lot on NW corner of Stockton and Lombard
streets, N 21:3 by XV 81:9%; $10.
Denis Hayes to George Schafer. lot on bt,
corner of Eddy and Hyde streets, E 37:6 by b
87:6; $24,000. ;• Vii- " , . „„
William Flnley to Henry P. Sonntag lot on
SW line of Steuart street, 192 NW of Mission.
NW 35:10 by SW 137:6; $10. ..^
Vlncenzo and Rosa Davalle and Domenico
and Angelina Fabris to Pedro Costa, lot on NE
line of Eighth street, 40 NW of Harrison, NW
40 by NE 65; $10. ',_ „
Joseph B. Batten to William and Roxa _.
Killow, lot on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue,
171:8 S of A street. S 21:8 by W 120; $10.
Myer or Meir and Martha Buchman to Carl li.
Larsen, lot on SE corner of Nineteenth avenue
and Q' street. S 30 by E 100; also lot on SW
corner of Nineteenth avenue and Q street, b
152-2 NW 240:4, N 139:5, E 95, = 115. E 50. N 115,
E 95'; also lot on SW corner of Twentieth ave
nue and Q street, S 135.77. XV 153.33, N 127.80,
E 140:1; $10. „r , t
James W. Llnnahan to Olive Verkouteren.
lots 30 and 32, block 13, University Mound; $337.
William Ensbury to Thomas Conlin. lot on N
line of Shields street. 75 W of Bright. W 2d by
N 100, lot 4, block 47, City Land Association;
$10.
Thomas Conlin to Timothy E. Treacy,
Thomas Conlin to Timothy E. Treacy.
same; $5. , ', . — 
Odd Fellows' Cemetery' Association to Eliza
beth Gugelsberger, lot 27, plat 5; Omega Sec-
Frank H. Woods to Orville D. Baldwin, lot
commencing 91:8 N of Pacific avenue and 137:6
E Of Van Ness, W 14:6 by N 36:0%. quitclaim
Orville D. or Oroville D. and Millie E. Bald
win to Wlnslow Anderson, lot on E line of Van
Ness avenue. 81:8 N of Pacific street, N 45:10
by E 137:6; $10. Tr
Elizabeth Llghtner to Elizabeth S. Haveley,
lot on S line of Vallejo street, 122:10% E of La
guna. E 22:9 by S 107:6; gift.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abble R. and
Martha Wood, executrices) to Henry D. Morton,
lot on N line of Broadway. 34:4% E of Stelner
street. E 3:1% by N 137:6; $500.
Henry D. Morton to Clara P. Morton (wife of
H. same; gift. •
Anna T. and Austin C. Tubbs to Jules Levy,
lot on N line of Jackson street, 115 W of
Steiner. W-60 by N 127:8%; $10.
Esther M. and John D. Wilson to Elizabeth
Hammersmith, lot on N line of Sacramento
street, 131:3 E of Devisadero. E 25 by N
137:8%; $10.
Rebecca A. Meighan (widow) to Kate E.
Melghan (single), lot on N line of California
street, 131:3 XV of Baker, W 25 by N 127:8%;
also lot on S line of Union street, 100 E of
Polk. E 25 by S 92: $1000.
Isaac Magnln to Mary A. Magnln. lot on NE
corner of Page street and Masonic avenue, E
87:6 by N 100; gift.
Robert and Jessie J. Dickson. Robert and
Lydia. A. Mackenzie. Joseph E. and Catherine
V. C. Scott, James B. and Agnes L. Roberts
and James Davidson to Robert W. Reynolds,
lot on E line of Clayton street, 37:6 S of Page,
S 25 by E 112:6; $10.
Robert W. and Dora S. Reynolds to Henry
P. Conrady, same; $10.
George Brown to Sidney L. Strickland, lot on
SE corner of Waller street and DeLong#avenue,
E 30 by S 100; $10.
Glosue Rottanzi to Mary E. Rottanzi, lot on
SW corner of Liberty and Guerrero streets, S
50 by W. 92:6; gift.
Same to same, lot on SE corner of Twenty
third and Bryant streets, S 104 by E 50; also
lot on W line of Valencia street, 126 S of
Twenty-first. S 25 by W 90; gift.
Joseph C. Flood to Minnie E. Flood, lot on I
W line of Noe street, 92 N of Sixteenth. N 23
by XV S3: also lots 24 and 21, block 45, Sunny
side: gift. *
John Collins tol Sarah A. Collins, lot on SW
corner of Henry and Castro streets, S 25 by W
120: gift.
William H. and Sarah C. Crim to George
Dletterie, lot on S line of Twenty-third street,
176 :S Wof Castro, W 51:8 by S 114: $10.
Josie and Mary Schohay to Albert J. Scho
hay, lot on XV line of Scott place, 112:6 S of
Broadway, S 25 by XV 56; $10.
Thomas 'W., Kathe A., Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Joseph Tresmontan, lot on
SEline of Shipley (Louisa) street, 422:6 NE of
Fourth, NE 20 by SE 69: $10.
Jerome H. Tyrrell to Maggie Knapp. Mary
Brown, Annie McDonald and Frank C. Tyrrell,
lot on SE line of Folsom street, 80 SW of j
Langton, SW 25 by SE 75: $10.
Julia A. Vollertson to Peter A. Smith, lot
on NE corner of Yolo and Texas streets, N 100
by _ 25; 110.
John Collins to Sarah A. Collins, lot on XV
line of Sixth avenue, 175 N of B street, W 120
by N 25; gift.
Alameda County.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Isaiah
W. and Hezeklah Bingham, lot on SW line of
Santa Clara avenue, 201.77 SE of Oakland ave
nue, SE 50 «by SW 150, being lot 11, block J,
Linda Vista Terrace, map 2, Oakland; $10.
A. R. Denke to Margaretha Denke, lot on SW
corner of Seventh street and Buena Vista ave
nue, S 50 by XV 217:6, Alameda; JIOOO.
Leon E. and Adelphine Ledeme to Alfred C.
•Ledeme, beginning at a point 40 E from E line
of Pease street and 15 S from center line of
narrow gauge railroad on Encinal avenue, S
S7 by E 40, being a portion of J. N. Webster's
4-acre tract, Alameda: $10).
Ethel Peterson to Joseph and Edith Herger,
lots 3 and 4, block 21, Estudillo Tract, San
Leandro, Eden Township; $10.
James T. Glenn to Minerva Glenn (wife of
J. T.), lot on NW corner of Ninth and Castro
streets, N 60 by W 100, being lots 21 and 22 and
portion of lots 20 and 23. block 113, Oakland:
also lot on N line of Ninth street. 75 W of
Jefferson. W 25 by N 100, being lot 23, block
115, Oakland; also lot on E line of Broadway
60 N of Thirteenth street, N 50 by E 100. block
191. Oakland: also lot on W line of Market
street, 197:6 S of Fourteenth, S 96 by XV 125
being a portion of lot 3, block 569, also being
a portion of lot 3, block 569, Oakland Central
Homestead, Oakland; also lot on W line of
Telegraph avenue, 33 S of Nolan or Thirty-third
street. S 50 by W 100.95, block 2043, Boston
Tract. Oakland; also lot* on W line of Lu«k
street, 161 N of Fortieth street 6r Evov avenue
N 50 by W 141, Oakland; gift. '
Geor-e T. and Adelia S. Hawley to Ira
Bishop, lot on S corner of lot 11, subdivision
map of lots 14 and 15. map of survey No 524
made for Hi C. Lee 100-acre' tract and ' Lee
street, SW 100. NW 170 to S line of Lee street
thence on a curve to the right with a radius
of 193. feet 203 feet to beginning, being lot 11
on map of subdivision of above tract, Oakland;
$10.
Commercial Bank (a corporation) to Lyford
Sinclair, lot on N line of Durant street 130 E
of Fulton E 50 by N 130, being a portion of
lot 7, block 13. property of College Homestead
Association, Berkeley; $10.
Elmhurst Land Company (a corporation) to
Esther M. Vincent, lots 9. 10 and 32. Elmhurst
Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frederic Parrott to Julia A. Hardwick. be
ginning at a point on W line Of county road
survey No. 1435, from which the SE corner of
lands of Parrott bears SW 152.15 feet distant,
thence NE 97. NW 200. SW 97. SE 200 to be
ginning. Brooklyn Township: $10.
George Schneider to i Johana Schneider, lot
on N line of Clinton avenue, 150 E of Chestnut
street, E 50 by N 150. Alameda: gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles C. Buttler (owner) with William
Bell (contractor), architect G. A. Behrnd. All
work for a 2-story brick and frame .building
on SW corner of Geary and Stockton streets. W
137:6 by S 137:6; $8250. - .
[ Jonas Schoenfeld (owner) with H. H. I>arsen
(contractor), architects Salfleld . * Kohlberg.
Excavating and brickwork for three 3-story
frame buildings on S line of Pine street, 187:6
XV of Octavia. W 57:6 by S 137:6: $1290.
A. '_. McCreery (owner) with .1. W. Wlssln
ger (contractor), architect Herbert B. Maggs.
All work for a 1-story brick building on W
line of Drumm street. 120 from Pacific. SOxSO;
$12,200.
George E. Ames (owner) with Ira XV. Coburn
(contractor), architect William Koenig. All
work for a 3-story frame building (6 flats) on
E line of Broderick street. 100 N of Sacramento,
E 110 by N 55:4%; $12,700. - ■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Offlce. located ln the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market steret. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped i
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published V
in the morning papers the following day. 1
y C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second Wde of ,
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waterr
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Grace Dollar... IGrays Harbor May 19
Samoa IHumboldt |May 19
Gaelic (China and Japan... IMay 19
Willamette ...J Departure Bay 'May 19
Colon I Panama IMay D
Aloha 'Point Arena IMay 19
A Blanchard....|Coos Bay '. May 20
Mackinaw .....'Tacoma May 20
Weeott - IHumboldt May 20
Columbia Portland [May 20
Santa Rosa ISan Diego May 20
Czarina .....IPuget Sound IMay 21
Wellington ....[Departure Bay May 21
Titania |Nanalmo May 21
Coqutlle River.. 'Grays Harbor ....May 21
Pomona IHumboldt .May 22
Bristol (Departure Bay May 22
Crescent City. . (Crescent City May 23
Areata ICoos Bay May 'I
Coos Bay INewport |May 28
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound May 22
Alliance lOregon Ports .May 22
Australia (Honolulu 'May 23
Corona 'San Diego May 24
State of Ca1.... Portland May 2%
Point Arena. 'Point Arena ..May 2.
Bonita 'Newport May 26
North Fork.. ■■■lHumboldt 'May X
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce, U. S. N., Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April IK. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c. . at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock "p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant, V. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May IS.
Stmr Bonita, Nicholson, 72 hours from New-
port and way ports.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 32 hours from Point Con-
ception.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 16 hours from Cleone.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 45 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from.
Point Arena.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist, IS hours frm Rock-
port.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours from Mon-
terey and way ports.
.Brig XV G Irwin, Williams, 19 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Fortuna, Rosich. 42 hours from Eureka.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannlssen, 12 hrs
from Timber Cove.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup, IS hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday. May IS. s
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Panama, etc; P M
S S Co.
Stmr Lakme, Weber, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Bktn Planter, McNeill, Honolulu: Williams.
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, May IS.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson.
Stmr San Juan, Brown. Panama, etc.
Hr stmr Moana, Carey. Sydney via Honolulu.
Schr Robert Searles. Piltz, Port Blakeley.
Schr Halcyon. Mellln. Eureka.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrlm, Eureka.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, Hansen, Coquille River.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen.
Schr Twilight, Hansen. Coos Ray.
Schr Mary C, Madsen, Fort Ross.
Schr Muriel, Bauman, Kahului.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coquille
River.
RETURNED.
--■-"'. •' - Thursday. May 18.
Schr Monterey, hence May 16. for Bowens
Landing, returned on account of carrying away
main .boom off Fish Rock on May IS at 2 a. m.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 1«. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Andreta is chartered for wheat to Eu
rope, 26s 6d; Pyrenees, same business. 25s 6d.
The Guy C Goss loads lumber on the Sound
for Taku," 53s 9d.
SPOKEN.
Per Portland— Apr 29—42 10 N 146 40 E, whal
ing bark; painted ports; black boats. .
May 10— Shin Invincible, hence Apr 21 for
Bristol Bay. 47 N 56 20 W.
May 14— 43 35 N 136 20 W, schr, supposed to be-
schr Winchester, hnce Mar 13 for fishing cruise.
May 9—20 35 N 127 40 W. Br ship Balmoral,
from Portland for Gueenstown. ■■' \.-.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived May 17— Schr Allen A, he
May 1" IS— Bktn Uncle John, hence May 7;
stmr Weeott. hence May 16.
NEAH BAY— Passed May 17— Nor stmr Tits-.
nit hence May 11 for Nanaimo. V
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May IS— Br ship
Pegasus, from Hongkong. .
Sailed May IS— U S stmr Bear, for Alaska.
Passed out May IS— Br stmr Glenogie. from
Seattle for Hongkong.
VENTURA— Arrived May 18— Stmr Pasadena.
from San Pedro; stmr Geo Loomis. hence
May 17.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May IS— Schr North
Bend, hence May 7.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 18— Stmr Czarina, for
I San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed May IS— Stmr Pasadena,
for Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Mar 18— Schr Al
bert Meyer, hence May 4 for Seattle; stmr Vic
toria, from Hongkong for Puget Sound
USAL— Sailed May 18— Stmr Hueneme, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 18— Stmr North Fork.
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May IS— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 11— Schr Western
Home, hence Apr 27.
NEWPORT— SaiIed May Stmr Alcazar, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived May 18— Schr Eureka, fm
Coquille River.
VENTURA— SaiIed May IS— Stmr Geo Loomla.
for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR*-Arrived May IS— Schr
Llllebonne. hence May 7.
. EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived May
17— Br bark Stillwater, from Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANCHESTER— Arrived May 16— Br ship
Buteshire, from Portland.
VLADIVOSTOCK— SaiIed May 14— Ber bark
Plus, for Port Townsend.
TAKE— May 16— Schr E X Wood, fm
Chematnus.
HULL— Arrived May IS— Br ship Port Elgin.
from Tacoma; Fr bark Duchesse Anne, hence
Dec 25.
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed May 17— Br ship
Drumlanrig. for Vancouver. -.--/■'.•-
YOKOHAMA— May 17-Stmr Mon- J
mouthshire, for Portland, Or. - J
COQUIMBO— Arrived May 17-Bktn Gleaner^
from Columbia River.
GUAYMAS— SaiIed May 17— Stmr Curacao, for
San Frank's.-.'.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived May 18-Stmr Brit-
annie, from New York for Liverpool
ROTTERDAM- Sailed May 18— Stmr Spaarn-
dam, from New York via _oulo___.THE PURPLE AND GOLD
FLOATS OVER OAKLAND
City of Churches Gives Joyful Greetings to
the Christian Endeavorers,
the Christian Endeavorers.
Distinguished Guests Gather From All Parts of
the State—Excellent Arrangements for
a Three-Days' Sess'on
FRIDAY'S PROGRAMME
$ MORNING SESSION. - ft
«•» Theme, "Arise, shine!"— 4:IS. A
ft TAV— "The Quiet Morning Hour." Rev. XV. C. Sherman, Sacramento, Four- V
* teenth street Presbyterian Church. 0
% J:';-— Chalk Talk. R. W. Fenn of Santa Paula. „,
£ '<:**"—" Praise Him. Praise Him." Music under direction of __ Meredith. ft
V 9:3o— Devotional (2 Sam. 23:4). Rev, 11. M. Tenney, San Jose, First Congre- $
& 1 tional Church. ft
■«• 9:?h — Announcement of committees. <£
ft 9:4s— Last Year's Reflect! Ms, by State officers and superintendents: "Junior <$;
A and Intermediate Work." Belle P. Nason; "Commercial and Railroad ft
V Men," E. C. Gilbert; "The Quiet Hour," E. H. Baker; "Good Lltera- <j>
ft ture," A. W. Bell; "Tenth Legion," R. XV. Fenn; "Temperance and ft
: citizens!,;;,.' 1,. T. Hatfield; "Transportation," Lester B. Smith; A
ft "Treasurer," J. A. Wiles; "General Secretary," Francis W. Reid; "
A "President." George P. Lowell. Special music. } '-..%[ q
V 11:20— Past Year's Mirrors for Christ: "The Best Thing You Have Done in |>
ft Your Union." symposium by union presidents; "In Local Societies— ft
A Gleams From the Wide Field," by delegates. . £
X 11:40— by seamen from ships in harbor. • £
A 11:45 — Address. "His Light on the Seas," Mrs. Edmund Taylor of Oakland.. ft
to 1_:00— Prayer and Benediction, Rev. W. S. Hosklnson, Sacramento, English £
ft Lutheran Church. ■ ' ft
g AFTERNOON SESSION. &
Theme. "Arise, shine"'— Eph. r. : 1 4 . Q>
'<*>' Theme. "Arise, shine!"— Eph. 5:14. <§>
ft Music under direction of A. F. Sutherland. ft
to I:2ft— Praise and prayer (text, Matt. .5:16), Rev. J(. H. McCollough, Irvlngton, ®
ft Christian Church. ' ft
'jr l :"o— Announcements. 2*
ft LSiU-Song. Chinese Mission children. ft
ft l:lft— Question Box, conducted by Rev. George C. Adams, D. D., San Fran- ft
V cisco, First Congregational Church. V
ft 2:ftft— "The Quiet Hour," Rev. Francis E. Clark, D. D., of Boston. ft
g 2:2ft-Musle. &
V 2:2.v- "What We Owe to Our Intermediates and Juniors," W. G. Alexander V
ft of San Jose. ft
<f> 2:4ft— "The Mission of Christian Literature." Rev. F. B. Cherlngton, San *
ft Francisco, Plymouth Congregational Church. ' &
X 3:oo— Prayer and Benediction, Rev. V. _'. 'Fulton, Alameda, First United V
V Presbyterian Church. >:Y-> • - ft
ft 3:lo— Gathering and Open Parliaments, conducted by State officers and super- '*"
* Intendents (with notebook and pencil): "Presidents," George P. Powell, ft
ft Stata president; "Secretaries," Francis W. Reid. State secretary; A
,:, "Treasurers," J. A. Wiles, State treasurer; "Quiet Hour." E. H. Baker', '•*>'
State vice president; "Missions," Mindora L. Berry of Fresno; "Tenth ft
ft Legion," R. W. Fenn. superintendent Tenth Legion; "Press and Good '*
to Literature.'' A. XV. Bell, superintendent Good Literature; •'Citizenship *?
ft and Temperance." 1.. T. Hatfield, superintendent Citizenship; "Lookout $.
; Committee." J. H. Lawrence of Sacramento; "Social Committee," C. d. V
ft Wilbur, State vice president; "Hotel and Railroad Work," E. C. Gil- A
A bert. superintendent Railroad Work; "Transportation," Lester B. Smith &
V of San Francisco: "Junior and Intermediate." Belle P. Nason. superln- ft
.-> tendent Intermediate and Junior Work; "Floating Work," H. F. Eden _
••• of San; Francisco; "Whatsoever Committee," C. M. Whitney of San §
ft FrarieiscO; " . A
A 4 :ftft— Adjournment. . V
: 4:10— Loyalty to Your Church. Denominational rallies. Subjects for consld- ft
ft oration at each: "Church Services." "Midweek Prayer Meeting"." A
* "Sunday School." "The Juniors." "Missions," "Denominational Pa- V
O pern" and "General and Special Features." '£
A s:lft— Social and basket lunch. . %
j; 7:oo— Adjournment. ft
g EVENING SESSION. <j>
r> Thrme, "Arise, shine :"-Eph. 5:11. • V
S Mkp'c under direction of Richard T. Mould. ft
ft 7:ir>— Song service. "Your Favorite Hymn." •£
A 7:30-rDevotional (text,. Phil. 2:15), Rev. E. A. Woods, D. D.. San Francisco. V
': First Baptist Church. ' 'I
rt 7:lft-Special music. X
,7. 7:50-^-Announcements and offerings. ' • ft
w S:00-Duet, the Misses Roberts of San Jose. ' '*:':■. %- V,
V 8:05- "Detroit, '99," Rev. F. E. Clark, D. D., of Boston. A
ft S:2(7— Special music. «£
<£ B:ss— "Giving to God," Rev. C. Pierce. Los Angeles, Memorial Baptist Church, ft
ft 9:ls— Special music. " 1
A I —"Opportunity," Rev. George C. Adams, D. D., San Francisco, First <.
«*> / Congregational Church. ft
ft '.■■{' Special music. Prayer and Benediction, Rev. J. E. Edwards, Los An- _
_. geles, African M. E. Church. ft
ft ft
.-••: . :. . ft.ft.ft;ft"ft'ft-ft-ft"ft;ft;ft"ft^ft*ft*ft.;ft.^^
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
• 908 Broadway. May 18.
-r—t URPLE and gold floats over Oak-
PURPL'B and gold floats over Oak-
and th.- city to-night Bhel-
r"^ ters a.t least 4000 visiting Chris-
j tian Endeavorers, representa
tives of the order, from all parts
of the State. All day the guests have
been arriving, and the reception com-
mittee has done its work nobly and
-well Pretty misses In white caps and
ba"dg!_ and their sturdy, brothers, simi
larly decorated, have met every incom-
ing train and with hearty cheers and
Stirring song welcomed each arriving
body of enthusiastic Endeavorers.
The Exposition building on Web-
ster and Twelfth streets has
been transformed into a most
desirable meeting place. Many of
the booths, still in place after faithful
service In the late ''Golden Carnival."
have, at a few deft touches from skill-
ful, willing- hands taken on a most
Christian appearance and atmosphere
and make .delightful resting places for
, 1,., respective Interior unions which
they represent. ..'•" :.'j
In the main hall where the sessions
In the main hall where the sessions
of the convention will be held, the pur-
ple and gold, banners of the Endeav-
orer drapes the walls and lines the
ceiling, making a festival of beautiful
vivid coloring. On the speakers' plat-
form flowers— typical of the floral love-
liness of this fair land— bloom in large
bowls and vases and shed their deli-
cate fragrance in the midst of cool
ferns and graceful palms.
The arrangements for receiving and
entertaining the guests are most per-
feet, and the work mapped out for the
three days' session is equally satisfac
tory. In addition to the regular daily
programme it has been arranged to
have "conferences and open parlia
ments" conducted by State officers and
superintendents on Friday afternoon at
3 o'clock, "denominational rallies" Fri-
day afternoon at 4, and a "junior and
intermediate convention" on Saturday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. Then there are
to be, respectively, meetings for men
only, women only and children only on
Sunday afternon at 3. The meeting for
men will be held in Convention Hall.
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A..
the woman's meeting at First M. E.
Church, Fourteenth and Clay streets,
md the children's meeting at the First
Presbyterian Church, Fourteenth and
Franklin streets. -> .'V*.' -
A side issue of the convention, but
sne that is, nevertheless, attracting
much attention, and in whose behalf
much able campaigning is brought to
is the fight being made by Stock-
on, Sacramento and Napa for the next
state convention of the Endeavorers.
Sacramento is bending all its efforts to
capturing the convention vote. The
Capital City bids on its past achieve
ments, and has placarded its pretty
lootrl at the convention with these al
luring sentiments: Yr^T. y\\\ -;Y ''_ '."..
A right royal welcome awaits yoir If you
omo to Sacramento next year for your State
:onventlon. We have taken good care of you
>ef"re and we can do It again.
Sacramento In '00.
CONVENTION I S OPENED.
Five Thousand Voicas Burst
Into Song and Start the
Endeavorers' Work.
OAKLAND, May 18.— "Onward, Chris
tlan Soldiers," sung by five thousand
voices, opened the State convention of the
Christian Endeavorers at the Exposition
building to-night. Not since the days of
the great Mills revival many years ago,
for which occasion the building was erect
ed, has there been such grand chorus
singing within It.
As the last words were being sung
"Father" Clark walked on the platform
and was at once greeted with a waving
welcome by thousands of white hand
kerchiefs.
State President Lowell, In viewing the
beautiful exhibition of millinery in the
i audience, reminded the ladles that there
were a few of the other sex present who
would no doubt feel grateful if they would
1 remove their hats and show what their
i hair-dressers had done!
President Lowell ln a few remarks for
, mally opened the convention and invited
Rev. C. R Brown to invoke a blessing
| on the assembly.
Chairman John C. Suhr of the '99 com
| mittee in a speech of greeting said the
: privilege of welcoming the Endeavorers
| from the north, south and east of this
I State was Indeed great. "Ever since Ala-
I meda County was trusted with the care
of the twelfth annual convention," he
sala, we have planned that the gather
ing shall redound to God's glory; that your
enjoyment and comfort shall be attended
to and that the great work shall pros
per because of this convention. There
have been many religious services held
here, but none have exceeded In slgnifl
canc that which we open to-night. We
GREETING TO THE
JUNIOR WORKERS.
? -B-^ B__B P. NASON, the well-
a B"^_^ beloved and earnest superlnten-
♦ ' H _ent of junior work, who un-
X M-*tW fortunately has been unable to
a. attend the convention on ac-
q count of the serious illness of
i her mother, sends the following soulful
6 greeting to those In whose work she
T Is so greatly interested and in whose
9 field she has so faithfully labored:
A Most cordial greetings to all the Endeav-
y orers ln behalf of the dear boys and girls of
q California whom I am coming more and
_* more to love. I regret that I cannot be
X with you at this • convention, but feel I
X cannot leave my mother in her present 111
q health. God has been leading me In un-
X accustomed Daths during the year, but in
Q It all I am learning more of His love and
♦- mercy. I earnestly request that during
6 convention and throughout the year you
+ will not forget our master's bidding to to
O "Feed My Lambs." Do not, I entreat you,
4- "cause one of these little ones to offend,"
Q through want of Interest and tender care.
+. It has been well said that no Junior so-
?clety languishes by lack of enthusiasm on
the part of the Juniors themselves. To
a _ deeper consecration and redoubled efforts *
2 In this part of the dear Lord's vineyard
£ I earnestly Invite you, and beg to bo made
X a sharer of your sympathies and prayers.
«s The convention work for the Intermediates
¥. and Juniors this year is In good hands at
rt Oakland, and you are most cordially Invited
£ I afternoon. '
• tQ tOfOf Q+Q t CM* 0 +OKHO+O+ O H
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
SCENE AT THE OPENING OF THE CONVENTION.
welcome you all because we have some
thing to be proud of. Everything is
thrown open* to you. In behalf of Ala
meda County I bid you welcome to our
homes, our churches, our hospitality and
our hearts. We hope your stay here will
be a benefit to you as well as to us and
may we all bless in the future the days
of Oakland '93."
The president introduced Mayor Snow
as one of those rare exceptions in muni
cipal government who was determined
that righteousness shall prevail. Mayor
R. XV. Snow said: .-.:;;
"We are never so conscious of munici
pal defections as when we have honored
guests. We may have- a rival In the
southland at present, but we are not a
mean city. Many of those who have been
struggling to find a fortune in the rocks
have all been looking forward to a home
ln Oakland and many of them are now.
among the 70,000 Inhabitants. The Chris
tian Endeavor has passed the stage of.ex
periment. You are anxious to learn how
to perform the maximum of work with
the minimum of expenditure. You are
young and jostle some of us older folks.
The world is more critical to-day in mat
ters of religion than ever before. You
are being measured In- a. rod that is very
carefully marked. You are certain to
have a convention that will bo memorable
in Christian Endeavor annals. You can
not fail to bless us. Your confidence and
your fervid Christian love cannot fail to
inspire us, and when you come again, as
you will, we shall treat you better still,
for we shall have learned of you."
On behalf of the clergy of Oakland Rev.
J. K. McLean, D.D., welcomed the dele
gates. "It is indeed a pleasure," said
It. McLean, "on behalf of fifty or more
ministers of our city to welcome such a
bright-faced throng. We thank you lot
coming and we want you to stay. On
behalf of tin- churches of these ministers
I. give you welcome. I trust that the
company of preachers will feel them
selves upborne by your presence at their
churches next Sunday and indeed many
successive Sundays. Your presence is an
inspiration. The battle here Is heavy
sometimes, as elsewhere, Oakland is not
only a place of privilege, but -a place of
contest. Sometimes it seems almost as
if the forces of evil were in the ascend
ant, *>ut it is our duty and your duty to
see that the right prevails. It 'wan "in
August, 18S2, that six boys and seven girls
gathered together in the First Congrega
tional Church and in reality organized the
first society of Christian Endeavor on the
Pacific Coast. The thirteen grew to
forty-seven in a ■ month, and that Is
typical of its growth ever since. This
convention is the result of the seed sown
here just seventeen years ago and I wel
come you to the cradle of Christian En
deavor on the Pacific Coast. : v ■-
■ "I. wish to call your attention to tin
task that seems to appeal to us more on
this coast than to any other body of peo
ple. In the land beyond the sunset there
is a great problem facing great 'dif
ficulties. Beyond us there is no more
west; the east begins. You are called
now to high duties, to the most serious
view of that for which we exist— to
be sword-bearers, banner-bearers, cross
bearers, ready to go forth In the name of
Christ to carry to others that blessing
which we ourselves now enjoy. Be true
to the opprtunity and God will give—
grace passing your conception."
"Let the Blessed Sun Shine In." spe
cially written for the convention by Pres
ident Lowell, was sung, after which Rev-
F. E. Clark, D.D.. president of the United
Society of Christian Endeavor, returned
the welcome on behalf of the visitors and
delegates.
"I have to speak to you from the words
'thank you,' " said Father Clark, "and It
is an easy task in view of the grand wel
come that has been accorded us. I wish
to speak for a wider "circle than is here.
I have come from many of your fellow
Endeavorers whom you have never seen. .
Many of you -are expected at Detroit in
July, and from no. other State will deb -
gates be more welcome than from Cali
fornia, for every State remembers the
cry, 'California, '97.' I bring you from
Detroit and from St. Paul and from Mani
toba and from Utah greetlngs-and reports
of progress. Nevada also sends greet
ings, and I assured them all that their
messages should be delivered. California
thinks very well of her State, and 1 do
not Heme her. Your Influence should ex
tend north and south, so aa to nelp other
States who are not so favored in the mat
ter of population or of Christian influ
ences. I bring you greetings from Ja
maica, where for two and a half centuries
England has insured prosperity where
formerly Spain could do nothing. . I bring
greetings from Cuba, where under Amer
ican Influence Christian Endeavor work
is thriving and we shall hear great things
from that country In the future. One
year ago I supposed Cuba was the last
place where we would expect to find
Christian Endeavor societies. Not long
ago I was in India, and from there and
from China, Japan and from Europe I
have greetings to all Endeavorers, and
when I visit these places again I shall tell
them of the greetings and welcome from
California."
Rev. Hugh K. Walker of Los Angeles
preached the convention sermon from the
motto of the '99 convention, "Reflecting
Christ." In the course of his remarks
he said: "Christian Endeavorers are not
philosophers or Christian scientists or
theosophlsts or phylactery dealers or
to attend their convention on Saturday
BELLE P. NASON. .
! spook agents. They are broader than all
these, and their mission is greater. Our
religion is no better than that of the first
century, but our Christianity Is better.
' We are more enlightened and more is ex
! pected of us. We must have character as
i well as creed. You cannot divorce faith
I and life, and do not listen to vain babblers
who would persuade you otherwise. You
.of Oakland are fortunate in having a
Christian Mayor. We in Los Angeles have
a good Mayor, but he is not a professing
Christian. The theme for this convention
, is 'Reflecting Christ.' It is a great theme
i -do it." - ■ ' i
How Country Resorts Look.
Get the Outing number of S. F. News
Letter Saturday: 40 pages, illustrated. 10c*
CHAMPION BOY BEGGAR.
Lynell Gasperson Sent by Judge Mo-
gan to the Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society.
Society.
Lynell Gasperson, 10 years of age, who
proudly boasts that he Is the champion
beggar of the "tenderloin," appeared in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday. He was
arrested about 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing in front of the Cafe Zinkand by Po
liceman Tillman while begging money
from people who came out of the cafe.
Lynell is a handsome boy; with an In
nocent face, and he made lots of money
by begging. His parents live at l Board
man place and encourageu him to beg.
He told the Judge that he dared not pro
DIRECTORY
of responsible manufacturers, merchants
AND JOBBERS.
'catalogues and price lists mailed on application.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
V •;• --7' ;?;• BELTING.
LP TIF/iTN Manufacturer of Belting nnd
r. -"LULU, r.aco Leather. 10S-107 Mia-
clon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 deary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
-OO BATTERY* STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. 11. BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbin_, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS 'WHOLESALE).
RJEDIN6TON & CO. foTs-tl^Ls^.^
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RflYF^ _• fA ShiPPlng Butchers, 104
JA J- BOYES _ CO., clay. Tel. Main 1294.
P m For the Best $10 Suit;
1 1 V? to order you must go to (i
I; 0$& JOE POHEIM.-
-! ISBBamm f^or $25 you 'can get a i|
( ■ __^^^^ fine, well made and well :,
i 1 •~*Tstera f trimmed suit at |i
!; mm joe POHE.M'S.
'! ■£»"•'.; Will cost elsewhere $40. Jl
' !rf>o All-wool, sty! sh-cut /
i 1 Im _! Pants to order from $4 \
'Sf^ JOE POHEIM'S,
! 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush. '
I 20.-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, '
} 1110-1112 Market St., 8. F. V
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 _B 1051 SIAESZT ST. bet. 6*_&7t_, C.F.CiI. i
\ t^f The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
m -~ JL— . World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
_ ______ ' '" " P«,","i%,',.T cured oldest _
9 IK SI Specialist on the Coast Kit. 36 years. 0
A flfagt DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES J
_ idwl Consultation free and strictly private. \
A Xff^ln DR. JORDAN- PRIVATE DISEASES i
I -Ml Consultation free and strictly private. \
_ mWR Treatment personally or by letter. A §
\ft tf » ■ /*•*"*'• Cur* In every case undertaken. W
mil II A Write for Book; rniiosuriiv of _
r■ i I 7 IHAnniACK. MAILED FR__. (AT
A & 11' "■'>l:"«l.'l' book for men) ■ _
V I>K. JORO AN _ CO., 1051 Market St., B. F. f
AttSK. raoTooiantxo ___*_■ 01 ■ B_%
0la?_ VITALIS
VITALiS
,?T____si_,^/I_l THE NEW
r. »^^k^(T| THE NEW
ir.r __«^_fcfc..*i|e-§a FRENCH ,
arur icth Day. «_• ml, jr riiE.nunßi
YITALIS ?o,l,t:3J ■*- M Dcucnv
AtODtrli THT. ABOTK 30th Day. it CHI I1 1
UMltrrt. It quickly i purely remorea Nervousness, Impotsney,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effect!
of self-abuse or excess and ln4iser«tlen. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wart, off In.aolty and Consumpl
Won. Cures when all others fall. Insist on having YITALIB.
SO other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail tl Ov
per package or six for «5.00 with a guarantee to Care or
Refund the Money.- Circular free Address
OALDMET C I' _._ CO., 884 _e.rfc.rn St., CWea«e
Bold by Owl Drug Co., B. 7. and Oakland.
&CO._»JB-
/S!rN_________»<'ttX
E, ?PATENTSf 3
X _|AJENTsf IJ
V^ES.^""l I"IIIIMIIIK___«_BS]^Jr^>
.^_y_S?^K_T._T!s!R^S_y
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets, Strictures
and analogous com plaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
WriEht's Mian VeietaWe PiUs
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cur.
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, PUa-
»les and curio* the blood. _
T home unless he took at least 50 cents with
' him. He had been begging for the past
j eight months and induced other- boys to
follow his example. The Judge sent him
i to the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society.
THE JUDGE WAS GENEROUS.
A Youngl Couple Made Happy by the
Loan of Money to Pay for a
Marriage License.
Judge Mogan enacted the part of the
friend In need yesterday, and by doing so
made two lives happy. Peter F. Gleason.
■ a teamster 19 years of age, living at 251
' Dore street, apneared In court to answer
i a charge of betrayal under promise of
marriage. The complaining witness was
| Amelia Gapejlo, a pretty girl 20 years of
I age. living at 1351 Harrison street.
When the case was called the Judge
; asked Gleason why he did hot marry the
! girl, and he said he would, but ho did
I not have any money to bay for the
! license. The Judge pulled $2 out of his
pocket and handed It to Gleason and
instructed an officer to accompany Glea
son to "Cupid" Danforth's office. There
j the license was procured, Gleason's father
being present, and on their return to
: court Justice of the Peace Groezinger was
'. sent for and after adjourning to Judge
Mogan's chambers the ceremony was
speedily, performed that made the pair
man and wife. Judp_- Mogan promptly
' dismissed the case against Gleason and
■ husband and wife went away together.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
HARDWARE
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware, 603 Market; tei. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
I Western Foundry, Morton fi Hedley. Proo- .
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
1 scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
LIQUORS. ''
OUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon. ......$1.50 ; c»sa, $8.00
0. P. 8. PONY, do ...$2.5D; cue $10.00
L. CAHEN _ SON, 418 Sacramento St., S. T.
NO BETTER ON EARTH SrS,
Comanche Ochre Co., 203 Front; tei. Jessie 1996. !
PAPER DEALERS.
W!l I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
Ifl-LHIYILIIL 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTINQ.
__• C- nlJ(jiil_ 01511 Sansome 'street.
' STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TgaSfhIcPARTRIDGE j^a,
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI nNJsV He— dqwyrtere for fine Jewelry and
• __ni/l> is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVE— COLLIERIES,
Is the Beet Coal in the Market.
;*>■ Office and Yards— Main Straet.
000000000000000000
Br«F ACE '-Wo
g GRAND HOTBMA.B
_ SAN FRANCISCO.
Q SAM FRANCISCO.
Connected by a covered passageway. "
0 1400 Rooms— „! h Bath Attached. ®
0 All Under One Management O
O MOTE THE PRICKS: V".;?VO;
Q European Plan. l l.ftO per day and upward Q
rt American Plan.so.oo per dsy^nd upward _
I* . Correspondence Solicited. Vl
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Htatgir. O
000000000000000000
f^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
il^_Ma_i *'-'"* KEARNY "»T- Established
Pdf Ii «_> '" ''*'"*'* for tbe treatment of I'rlvato
_3 __N___F Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ieSh SbSmA disease wearing on bodyand mind and
_ _H_— i_S Skill Diseases. rhedoctorcure9when
_^EB__'H others fall. Try him. Charges low
«______ Currßßiiornntcrd. Cnllorwrita
: Dr. J. _'• «>lB«t>N\ Box. 1957. 5 an Franclsca
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Ps_ — ____i The S. S. Australia
Ba A_l__S__ sail." for Honolulu
r *»«*■■« Wednesday, May 31,
mm^^-^^ at 2p. m.
_X**^l*^ B. S. Alameda sails
-MaTl^hin v,a ■ Honolulu and
KW!I|JIIIV&' Auckland for Sydney
ftxtliPiliUU-- Wednesday, June 14,
_1lllyylt«T at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India,* Suez,
England, . etc. ; $610 first class. »•"-'••.-,<
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
TOW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PA_I„
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 24 1 St. Louis.. .June 14
Paris May 81 Paris ............June 21
St, Pau1.. ....... June 7|St. Paul June 28
RED -TAR . LINE,
New York and Antwern.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland May 24|Frlesland June 14
Kensington .....May 31 Southwark ......June 21
Noordland June 71 Westernland ...June 28
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.l
For full Information regarding freight and pea-
sage apply to .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
j 30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
COMPAONIE QENERALE TRANSATLANTIC}.!. :
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. .*_*»_
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. «Ojr_r>
from Pier 42, North River, • foot of -^«a___
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. May 27; LA GAS-
COGNE.' June 3; LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10:
LA 'BRETAGNE, June IT: LA TOURAINE,
June 24. I First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre.- $45." 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coas4
Agents, & Montgomery aye., Baa Francisco.
_rn_n_w -■■'•"" ■•- ."«■'•■• -.■■--•.•■••
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Si^ Steamers leave Broadway
*tOl^_ wharf, San Francisco:
_H_Ka_' ' " * For Alaskan ports, 10 a. Mr,
I Kp'tS'VS&k M".v 21, 26, 31; June 5; change
! H_M SPj_a Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BBm____,l C), Port Townsend, Seattle, i
• r^^lHß^Wj Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes !
and New Whatcom (Wash.), j
• 10 a. m.. May 21, 26, 31; June '
5. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at i
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., May !
19, 24, 29; June 3. and every fifth day there-
after. - .
. For Santa Cruz, . Monterey, San Simeon, !
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), .
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, ' Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angejes) and j
Newport, 9 a. m., May 20, 24, 28; June L and i
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- <
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., May 18, 22, 26, 30; June 3, and every fourth
day thereafter. • ■•• *
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a, m., 7th of each j
month. •
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change |
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Failinc.
X-VKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC *'l'^ Hrst Class l_cludi_g.l!erth*
F_RF *12 Hrst * h,ss iucludi_g. Berth*
iMfi- *8 Second Claris • and Meals.
Columbia sails May 23.
State of California sails May 18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., .
Superintendent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p.- m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. , No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARC Saturday, July 22
HONGKONG MARU....... Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market St., corner First. - \
XV. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday to-*
. Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $35. Other Steamers, $30.
(Steerage Passage
Rome. 925J50. Furnei-sla. 924.50. Other
Strs., 923.50.
For Book of Tours and information applr to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, *
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green, New fork.
Or J. F. FUG A 7.1. 5 Montgomery St..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 % -w Montgomery St..
SAN ■ FRANCISCO. '
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. ' m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
fOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45
a. m., 15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nrght); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. '■;■..>:*'■
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
I___S£3_D__
I_E3SS____
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 8:30. 11:00 a. .m.; 1:50, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m.; _:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:08,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
feme schedule as above. j
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. 1 . April 16, —
Week' Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Day*.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma: 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 16:25 am
Healdsburg, •..■:•-.-
-
Geybervllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am - 10:25 am
| 8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:20 pm
7.-30 am 8:00 am ' Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and .
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel ,
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr'e Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
ming' s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday . to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bldg.
H C. WHITING, - > R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. . Gen, Pass. Agent.
A Superb Train
4—¥^¥ EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
4JSO¥ EVERY DiV IN THE mR
fl^^Mon Pacific.
sfflP' Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE-
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS."
, PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 34 DAYS TO CHICAGO. "
Leaves San Francisco dally at Cp. m. •
' D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS— a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even- .
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30 !
and 4 p. m. -
- Fart, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK _ SON. Agts., 621 Market st. i
AUCTION SALES,
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
__?■ AT -: -j
fe AT ____
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA ST.,
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY. MAY 19, AT II A. M.,
We will sell
Sixty head of horses from Santa Anita Ranch,
Hollister, from 5 to 7 years old, weighing from
1100 to 1600 pounds.
We call the attention of all parties wishing to
get first-class sound horses to call and examina
this stock, as they are the best lot of horsea
ever offered in this State.
Among the lot are several first-class driving
and livery horses sired by Benton Boy; also
heavy draught, truck and carriage horses. Cat-
alogues will be ready Tuesday.
No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, )
', - . .-■_.. Livestock Auctioneer*.
Office 327 Sixth st.. San Francisco.
*» AUCTION SALE 'mm
EVERY TUESDAY AND SATURDAY,
AT THE DEWEY AUCTION AND SAL-
STABLES.
Corner 12th and Harrison Sts:, Oakland.
We have on sale Draft. Driving and Riding
Horses at all times; also Surreys, Buggies,
Wagons and Harness. '
L. SCHAFFER & CO.. .
■ Livestock Auctioneers.
BA-LBOAS TRAVEL. T'W]
R«.TUKK*4 ■_«*____ (O'll'ASr.
(fACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tra lina Itnir mid nre ilne to nrrtva _•
MAN I'ltAlH'l.lC'i.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street
leave — From May 7, 1893. — arri~ ■
7:00 a Benicia. Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 5:43r
7 sou a Marysville, Ororilluaud Redding via
Woodland 5:4»p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacavilie and Rumsey.^. . . . 8:43 _
7:-«>a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Callstoga and Santa lloaa 6:1 5p
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and I'»3tr. . . 8:43.
SiUOa Nan lose. Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Flacerville,
MarysTllle, Chico, BedHhiif 4:l»p
8:30 a •Milton, Oakdalo and Honora 4:15p
' 9:00 a Haywards, Niles and VVjy Stations. 11:43 a
0:0©a Martinez, Tracy, l.athrop, Stockton,
Merc.Hl and Fresno. 12:13_
B:*Oa Fresno, Bakeralield, Santa iUrlmra.
Los Angeles, Doming, EI Paso,
New Orleans and East C:43v
10:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43»
11:00 Haywards, H—SJU d Way Stations. 2i43_
' 1 2:0O_ Niles, Lirermore, Stockton, (Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalla,
' , Pcrtervllle 4:13p
•1:110? Sacramento IMverStenniers "hiOOp
8: OOp Haywards, Nil. a and Way Stations. »:45r
4 lOUr Martinez, Sau ltaiuou, Vallejo,
Napa, Culliitogn, .Santa Hona 0:13*
4:00r Benicia, Vacavilie, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
MoryaTllle, Oroville lO:4t*A
4:»Op Niles, Ban Jose and Stockton 7:l.'*»P
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:1.5p
S:OOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno J2:isp
0.-OOp Martinez, Tracy, Mondota, Fresno,
s Mojave and Los Angeles 8:43 a
Q:OOp Santa I'd Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East 0:45p
6:OOr The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfleld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:45_
0:0«»r European Mall, Ogdaii and East...- ©:43a
0:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:13 a
*6:OOi- Vallejo 12:tttF
7iuop Oregon Express, Hacrninentn, Marys-
villu, Redding, Portland, i'uget
Sound and East 7:4»A
}*:©Op Vallejo, Port Coat* and Way Sta-
tiona tlO:30>
• COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge). ,
(Foot of Market Street.) J
{7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:03»
8:13 a Xcr.'arM^c.'it Tvillr, San Jose, Felton,
: :■■. '■■■' Boulder Crt eh, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:30»
•2:1 Op Newark, Centorville, San Jose, New
AlmadeD, Felton, Houldor Creek,
Santa Cruz, and Principal Way
Stations .'.... MO:3OA
4:15p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions ...-. 0:20 a
M: 1 Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiona /0:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Turn SIS rRiSCi-CO— Foot o* Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 f.OO !1:00a._. tl'-OO *2:00 13:08
•4:00 JB:00 *C:00i-.n.
fromOHUßD— *„l erßroidwij.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 i.M.
tl2:00 *1:00 ta:00 *3:CO )i:CO "5:00 P.M.
COAST lIITIKIOX (Broad (lange).
(Third mid Town3eml St«.) -
•0:10 a Ocean View, South San Francisco.. •0:30*
•7:00 a San .loso and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... 1:110.
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
- :' r . Santt Cruz, Pnclfij Grovo and
Principal Way Stations JS:33_
OiOOa Sau .loso, 'J'res Finos, Hauta Cruz,
Pnoiiiu Orove, Paso Koblee, Han
Luis Oliispo. Gnsdaiupti, Surf and
Principal Way Stat inns 4:10p
I«i4oa Sau Jose and Way Million* «8:OOa
11:30 a San Joso ami Way Stations s:*to_
*a:4sp San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park. '.;, :
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gllroy, Hollister, .Santa Cmx,
Salinas, Monterey and Paciflo
Grove *IO:38a
•8:SOp San Jose and Way Stations *0:OOa
•4:15r San Joseand Principal Way Stations 0: 15 a
•3:00p San Josoand Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
B:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *8:35 a
««»Op San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30p
♦ 11:45p San Jose au Way Stations.... ' 7:30p
A for Morning. for Afternoon
• Sunday excepted. J Sunday only. ♦ Saturday only.
(Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday. _
California
■ Limited
Santa t% Route
Connecting- Train Leaves Sarij
Francisco via Los Angeles at 8*
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Ch fro at 9:52 A. M. thai
following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat 1:30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING: CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally-
Overland Express.
SiI.FHJIICISCO TIKEfOrTICE— §_ MARKET ST,
TELEPIION'K MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offlca— 2Dl J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Olara St..
Su Jose Offioe— 7 "West Santa Olara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Parry.
* Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL V ALL- 4
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, »9:SO. 11:00 a. m.j
•1:45. 8:20. 4:00, r 15. '6:00, -1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sund..vs, at 9:00 and 11:30 P. m.
SUNDAYS-*?:' "9:00 »10:e0, 11:00 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, *1:45. »2:30, «4:00. 5:30, «:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does i.ot run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
• 6:80 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Q-ientln.
FROM SAN RAI'AEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40 7:55. 8:40, •10:20
a. m.: 12:30, 2:45. *3 '"> 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays, at 6:40 r d 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. »9:45, »10:45. 'll^
a. m., 1:00. 2:20, »3:30. »5:15, »6:00, 7:00, 10:13
p. m. -•
Trains marked i*> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:50. 7:55, 8:55, 10:3*
a. m.: 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 6:20 p. m. •_
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays, at 7:00.. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: , 12:05»
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, o:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na,
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'n*
6:15 p. m. • week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na,
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899. trains will run as follow^
Bouth-bound.- North-bound. I
•- 4
Pa-sen- IMlxcd. Mixed. Passen**
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen^
gtr. Sunday Stations. Sunday eer. 1
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. '
■ ) ... ■ ' i. . ■ 1 4
1:K am 10:80 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pnj
• :10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:36 pra ' Fresno 9:30 am 2:12 pro
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pro
1:15 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 ara
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pn|
12:15 pro 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pra
Stopping: at Intermediate points aa required. '
For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlce. 321 Marks?
<tr— t- Ban Francisco.
l6fi_y:Cfsl.oowlfiai
910
COUNCILMEN
MAKE A TOUR
OF THE SALOONS
Also Peep Into Some
All-Night Places.
— •> —
MR. GIRARD- DISCOVERY
BOYS AND GIRLS DRINKING;
BEHIND LOCKED * DOORS.
i
c
East Oaklanders Win a Victory Over
East Oaklanders Win a Victory Over |
the Union Bar Proprietor.
Other Licenses Will ' ,
Be Refused.
1
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, May IS.
"One of those girls is the daughter of a
Methodist minister, and it is a shame that
there should be places in this city where
peoole who would not drink publicly are i
enabled to do it privately." This remark
was made by Councilman* Girard last
night when making a tour of the saloons
and all-night restaurants with License j
Inspector Maloon nnd other members of :
the License Committee.
The object of the tour was to obtain \
information on the subject for the purpose
of framing an intelligent and practical ,
ordinance regulating the liquor traffic, j
The iaw under consideration provides that
there shall be no side entrances, no locks
on doors to private! rooms and also dis- I
criminates against Basements. It is also
probable thai it may provide that no
licenses be issued to corner groceries.
Over a dozen places were visited last ]
night, but In nearly all of them there
were no locks on the doors or the catches
had been broken off. In one place noted
for selling liquor to minors the Council-;
men v. ere about to retire without having
discovered anything objectionable, when
four ho;.-' et me In and at once went up
to the bar as if they were accustomed
to do it. ''Iris place has been under the
ban for some time, and it Is not likely
that its license will be renewed.
In another place in some of the private
rooms young boys and girls of respecta- ;
<■;,■ parentage were found drinking beer,
and it was in this place that Mr. Girard
made his discovery. Mr. Stetson and Mr.
Cuvellier, who were also of the party, will ;
probably recommend modifications of the
ordinance, as there .are a few places of
respectability upon which It would work ]
a hardship.
A large delegation of protestants from i
East Oakland appeared before the License
Committee In regard to the Union Hotel I
bar. Attorney Garrlty appeared for Mr. j
Morgan, the applicant, and many of the
church people spoke on the other side. The I
committee, after hearing all the testi
mony, decided unanimously to recommend
that the license be rejected.
Mayor Snow, who was criticized rather
\v. who was criticized rather :
mildly last night by Mrs. Stevens ln a i
temperance address, said to-day that he |
could not have avoided being- unable to :
be present at the ladies' meeting, as he'
had a previous engagement. -He says that
if he gives the time necessary to direct |
the city government there will be many
little functions which he cannot attend.
SOME QUEER METHODS
OF INSURANCE WARS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, !
908 Broadway, May IS.
A most Interesting development was '
brought out at the trial to-day of Thomas
F. Agnew, charged with embezzlement !
before a Jury in Judge Hall's court. It
was an exposure of the methods employed j
by me insurance companies to reap big I
business during rate cut wars.
Agr.. is specifically charged with hay- '■
ing collected $55 from Charles Jurgens on
policy 0710 of the Home Insurance Com- j
pany of New York in July, 1896. The poi
icy was shown at the trial to have been
written in December, 1595, to take effect
in February. 1897. This, moreover, was a!
mercantile risk, and the custom Is not to
date such risks beyond sixty days ahead
and not for over one year at a time. Thus
in the present case the premium was I
paid nearly a year before the risk com
menced, and was to run for three years.
This was done apparently to control
future business, but even then did not
hold good for the insured, though the !
company made no objection to its agent, j
Agnew, at the time.
According to the testimony of the com- I
pany's witnesses, the cancellation of the !
policy was demanded of Agnew In June, j
1896, but th" Oakland agent refused. In i
the following August the company in- !
quired why the policy had not been can
celed; and shortly afterward Agnew was !
dismissed. In December, 1896, a special |
agent, Ron*, from the San Francisco office, j
called on Jurgens and paid him back the
premium In full and took up the policy, j
Agnes took the witness stand in his own '
behalf this afternoon and stated that
communications from the head offlce re- '
garding cancellations were generally held
in the San Francisco offlce and were dis- i
cussed when he visited there frequently.
Moreover, he testified that at the time of
the alleged embezzlement the company
owed him several hundred dollars in com
missions, j
The trial promises to grow in interest i
and will occupy several days. j
: —
CARS DIRECT TO GLEN PARK.
The San Francisco and San Mateo elec
tric car line will, by to-morrow night, |
have the spur line running into Glen
Park complete. This addition will en- 1
able the public when visiting Glen Park
to get into the grounds direct from the i
San Francisco and San Mateo line at any
point east of the park. Heretofore the
cars running on Guerrero street trans
ferred passengers at Thirtieth street to
the Chenery-street line going south. I:-.- .
the completion of the spur line into the !
park the changes will be made at Chen- !
cry and Diamond streets (bridge), instead I
of at Thirtieth.
All cars will run to this poi -it, and those I
intended for the park will continue into I
the park Inclosure by the new line just !
completed.
The work on the double track from
Thirtieth street to Holy Cross has been
delayed In consequence of the non-arrival
of the steel rails from the East. As soon
as these rails reach here the double track
will be pushed to a finish as rapidly as
men and money can be made to put the
road In first-class condition.
It is the intention of the management j
of this road to make it one of the best
in the city. With this object in view the j
directors are contemplating the purchase
of a sufficient number of modern built!
cars for the Increased traffic which has
_f late been bestowed upon the line.
INDORSES THE MINERS.
The Building Trades Council at its
meeting last night declared the firm of
Campbell & Pettis to be unfair because
of its failure to comply with trade rules.
The firm has a contract for Government
work on Goat Island, and by the edict of
the council union men will refuse to ac
cept employment from it.
The council also condemned the action
of the Idaho authorities and General Mer
riam in their attitude toward the union
miners, and it congratulated the miners
for refusing to accede to the mandate of
the authorities. The work of the special
committee appointed to draft a circular
iter to the public in connection with
Wiener's panorama of the battle of Ma
i-.ila, the substance of which is an appeal
to the laboring men of the city to with
held their patronage, was approved and
the committee was Instructed to take
steps to place the circular in the hands
of the citizens of the city and county of
San Francisco. .
The joint committee of the Building
Trades Council and the Labor Council,
which is to make arrangements for a
labor day celebration, will hold a prelimi
nary meeting next week. jMHsar
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE
ATHLETES BANQUETED
B. HUFF. Vice President. JC. ADAMS, Field Captain. 9
J. BRADY, Secretary. .A. WELSH, President. B. YOUNG, Treasurer. X
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. 908 Broadway, May 18. Q
THE Athletic Association of St. Mary's College closed a very success- 4
ful season with a banquet in the large hall of the institution. ©
There was a large attendance of prominent clergy and others +
from around the bay. including Rev. Father Cramwell. college chap- Q
lain; Rev. Brother Walter, director St. Mary's; Rev. Father Serda, a.
Rev, Dr. Morrissey, Rev. Father Prout, Rev. Brother Benedict, vice presl- q
dent St. Mary's; Rev. Brother Lasclan, prefect; Rev. Brother Udorllck, +
J. J. McDonald and J. XV. Solen. """-',. O
Oliver A. Welsh, president of the Athletic Association, introduced the ♦
speakers after the banquet, and among them were as many graduates of past O
years as could be gathered fsom many parts of the State. Several of them ♦
are well known in the professional and commercial world, while a few are on ***
the bench., \t «.,
The speeches were alternated with musical selections provided by Professor a,
Bchorcht, George Hayward, Francis Michaels, William Witznernann and '"?
Bion Huff. - q
Rev. Brother Benedict made a speech to the students expressing entire a.
satisfaction with the work done during the past collegiate year, both in the q
school and on the campus. He voiced the hope that after vacation the students +
would return full of renewed ambition and vigor for the work of next year. Q
Blon Huff, vice president of the association, was chairman of the committee +
which ' decorated the hall. The decorations consisted largely of floral work Q
and American flags. ■*>
o+O+O+O+O+ C+ _«* O+O+O+O+CQ +o+O4- *_ +■ ©+0 + +0 +©+©+©+©
ANXIOUS TO
GET EVEN WITH
CARPENTER
Clerk Kelly's Friends
Seek His Removal.
Seek His Removal.
— * —
j The friends of Thomas Kelly, clerk of !
[ Judge Graham's court, are after the j
| scalp of Prosecuting Attorney L. G. Car- j
i penter, evidently convinced that he is re
j sponsible for the recent expose of Kelly's
j methods in • releasing criminals. His
j friends have rallied to his support, and
| declare in unmeasured terms' that they
' will get even with him. even at the sacri
| fice of Carpenter's official position.
Kelly was appointed a clerk of Police
j Court 4 through the political influence of
''Spike" Flynn and "Billy" Gallagher,
who conduct a saloon in the tenderloin
! district. Flynn some time ago was
j charged with the killing of his partner's
brother,' but was discharged after a pre
: liminary examination in the Police Court.
Carpenter prior to his appointment as
! Prosecuting Attorney served as a reporter
,on an evening paper. Recently the paper
I on which he was employed published a
i scathing • article, accusing Kelly of ac
j cepting straw bonds and directly charg-
I ing him With having lent his assistance
in securing the release of Harry Wilson,
the negro, who was arrested on suspicion
of being the st rangier of May McDermott
! and Bertha Paradis. Wilson was given
his freedom on worthless bonds, and at
once left the city. He was traced to
Santa Ortiz, where he was recognized and
arrested.
After satisfying themselves that Prose
. cuting Attorney Carpenter had inspired
: the article which reflected so seriously
on Kelly's character, Gallagher and
, Flynn, his bosom * friends, started out
j with the avowed determination of getting
i "even" with him. Accompanied by sev
! eral other men with acknowledged alle
giance to Kelly, they hunted up Phil
Crimmins and demanded that he use his
I influence to have the Board of Supervis
j ors revoke the appointment of Carpen
ter. Crimmins, it is claimed, promised
them that he would exert his "pull" to
j have Carpenter removed from office.
Both Flynn and Gallagher confidently
i expect that Carpenter's head will shortly
| fall in the basket. They openly declare
I that they are against him and hope to
get even with him for what they term
! his peculiar position in regard to Kelly,
! whose duties as a Police Court clerk are
j confined to another court. Carpenter
| laughs at the efforts of Flynn and Galla
j gher to get his scalp, so to speak. He
| is satisfied that the Supervisors will not
; remove him. even if Crimmins is a party
I to the scheme.
■ ♦ ■ ■— •
A Nihilist who went to Siberia to
A Nihilist who went to Siberia to
rescue his father from prison writes
up his thrilling experience and pub-
lishes the . photographs he took, in
; next Sunday's Call.
At the recent annual meeting of the
Imperial Bank of Germany, the presi
dent reported that 3837 of the stock
holders own only one share apiece, and
1321 only two shares each.
DROWNED WHILE WASHING
RADISHES AT A FAUCET
OAKLAND. May IS.— Coroner Mehrmann was advised this evening of one
of the most peculiar cases of drowning on record— quite distancing
the case at San Leandro of a month or more ago, when a child met
death ln a barrel half-buried in the ground and containing not quite a
foot of water. __-'■«''!'
Late this afternoon Harry Annant, aged 4 years, while playfully washing
some radishes beneath a faucet on' his father's ranch at Sufiol fell Into a
tub, kept under the faucet to catch the dripping, and was drowned before
his parents or the ranch hands near by noticed the child's perilous position.
The tub was barely half full, containing but a few inches of water, while
the faucet was slightly open. When the little one fell in he made no outcry.
Half an hour later one of the ranch hands' attention was arrested by. the
little sun-burned legs dangling lifelessly over the top of the tub, and when he
extricated the child, therefrom he 'was horrified to find that life was extinct.
Coroner Mehrmann has ordered an inquest to be hajd.
THE SA_ FBAyCISCO CA__, FRIDAY, MAY 19, 1899.
FOOT BINDING
CRUSADE TO BE
INAUGURATED
Clergy Will Preach
and Practice.
This week will see the Inception of anew
crusade against foot binding in China
town. It is claimed that the custom is on
the increase and several clergymen have
taken up the cause of the little heathen
and will not only inveigh . against the
wholesale manufacture of cripples but
will invoke the law to put a stop to the
practice.
Rev. Dr. .Wilson of the Howard-street
Methodist Church began the crusade and
j has found an able second In Rev. Dr.
• Locke, who was In Chinatown last night
getting data for a sermon which he will
preach on the subject next Sunday night.
A careful list of all the little-foot women
and children has been made with the
j names and addresses of their parents. It
has taken weeks of patient investigation
j to get these names, for the parents, as
; soon as they found, that inquiries were
being made, spirited away the children
and denied that any such custom existed.
The investigation was fully made, how
ever, and now every child" which has its
feet bound is known and its parents will
; have to answer for It. Test cases will
j be made and the work will be followed
up until the crippling Industry Is broken
up. No less than twenty little-footed
girls were counted yesterday on the
streets of Chinatown. One little tot of
about 5 years was seen making her first
I attempt at walking after the binding pro-
cess and the- painful efforts she. made
| ■were enough to convince any one that the
custom Is a vicious one.
It is the intention of those who have
inaugurated the crusade to carry the mat
ter to the courts and continue doing so
until the custom is completely eradicated.
HER BONDS WERE WORTHLESS.
Nellie Murphy, a Notorious Pick-
pocket, Ordered Into Custody
pocket, Ordered Into Custody-
and Her Bonds Raised.
arid Her Bonds Raised.
Nellie Murphy, the notorious pick
pocket, was up for preliminary examina
tion before Acting Police Judge Groez
inger yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny. She Is accused of robbing Her
man Larson of $30 in Patrick Dever's sa
loon, 133 Third street. The evidence of
the complaining witness and Dever was
taken and the case was continued till
May 22. The defendant's bonds were
raised from $1000 to $2000 and she was
locked up in the City Prison. -""';, ■ .v •>■■■,-.■■.: ■
The police were afraid that she would
not appear ln court, as she had been re
leased on $1000 bonds accepted by. Clerk
Conway of Judge Mogan's court which
were considered worthless. The sureties
were George W. Samuel, a tailor on
Fourth street, and John Crowley, saloon
keeper, 15 Mason street, both of whom
are Only assessed for $150 worth of per
sonal property. There is another case of
grand larceny against Nellie in Judge
Mogan's court which will be called for
the third time in court to-morrow. The
complaining witness has been "squared"
and has apparently left town.
OPERA SINGERS
MARRIED TWICE
IN TWO FAITHS
Joined in New York
and in This City.
;- .VV:':;-V -v . ' '■ :'.:'■■■■ .:--J-,: r,- ■
— • —
A PRETTY STAGE • ROMANCE
» —
SOUTHWELL'S WARBLERS PLAY
SEESAW WITH CUPID. \
♦
A Marriage That Was First Solemn-
A Marriage That Was First Solemn-
ized by a Catholic Priest and .
Then by an Episcopal
Minister.
Two fond hearts were made one for the
second time yesterday at the Grace Epis
copal Church by the Rev. R. C. Foute.
J. A. Braidwood and Catherine Hahn, two
members of the Southwell Opera Com
pany now playing at the Grand Opera
house, are the leading characters In
what may be termed a most peculiar mat
rimonial difficulty.
Braidwood and his bride, ■ Catherine
Hahn, have been joined in wedlock at
both ends of this broad continent and in
two faiths at that.
Miss Hahn, or, rather, Mrs. Braidwood,
is a strict Roman. Catholic and the hus
band is an exacting Episcopalian, and the
difference in their religions has made a
double marriage necessary.
Braldwood married Miss Hahn, whose
stage name is Caldwell, in New York, and
the fnarriage was solemnized in the Ro
man Catholic churcn. The husband has
since been imploring his young and pretty
wife to have their marriage solemnized
over again by an Episcopal minister. On
the long trip across the continent to this
city the loving couple were constantly
billing and cooing and whispering, much
to the amusement of the rest of the com
pany, who little knew the tender subject
of their conversation. By the time the
company arrived here the persuasive
warbler had half succeeded in getting his
wife to consent to have their marriage
solemnized over again in his own faith.
Pearly this week he finished his labor of
love and religion and Mrs. Braidwood
agreed to become Mrs. Braidwood again
just to satisfy her husband.
The couple attempted to guard their se
cret from the prying ears of the rest of
the company, but in some way or another
Charlie Jones, the genial stage manager
of the company, found it out, and of
course Charlie had to tell it to Mr. Persse,
who sings so sweetly the role of Turridu
in "Cavalleria Rußticana," and then the
story was fed the ear . of , every mem
ber of the company from the chorus girl
to young Mr. Southwell. -
Braldwood and his wife are both ex
tremely popular, and last night congratu
lations were showered upon them. It was
not until Charlie Jones good naturedly
wormed an admission out of Braldwood
that it became known that the. young
couple had even been married .In New
York.
"Yes, I was married to-day at Grace
Church," admitted Mr. Braid-wood when
seen last night by a Call reporter. "You
se,e, I first married my wife in the Catho
lic church. 1 have been raised a strict
Episcopalian, and while I Harbor a pro
found respect for her religion I did not
feel satisfied. When we arrived here_sve
decided to have our marriage solemnized
again by an Episcopal minister. Accord
ingly I procured a license and to-day we
were married by the Rev. Mr. Foute."
SOUGHT HIS KITTENS
BUT FOUND FLAMES
PECULIAR ACCIDENT TO A CAT
FANCIER.
A leaking gas meter was the cause of
a serious accident to Rlcardo Brunaccl
at 1026 Darkin street last evening, and
: might have resulted in a large conflagra
j tion had. it not been for a prompt
I response from the Fire Department.
For a number of years Bru'nacci kept a
j saloon at the above address, and when he
failed was without home or funds. The
: landlord, Julius Abrams, permitted him
'to retain the quarters, and he occupied a
room in the rear as living quarters. His
; particular hobby was kittens, and he
; housed a number of them in a small
j closet inclosing the gas meter, which was
never used. -V- -•■.-■
Last evening about 8 o'clock he went to
look for the cats that he might feed them,
and failing to locate them struck a
match. Instantly there was an explosion
and a sheet of flame enveloped Brunaccl.
Seeing that a conflagration was Imminent
he took off Ms coat and attempted to ex
tinguish the fire. In this he was unsuc
cessful and only increased . his injuries.
He repaired to a drug store and from
there to the Receiving Hospital, where
several severe burns on the hands, neck
and. head were dressed. , '-" ■ '■;> r-;
An alarm was turned in from box 137
--and the Fire Department succeeded in
getting the flames under control after the
building, which was a three-story frame.
had been damaged to the extent of about
$300.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Bonner. Fresno H Harrison, _„£___
R Boot, Fresno jH G Boyce, VacavlUe
T Hayes, Goshen Mrs Sandercock, Ches
F Coykendall, S Jose M Biggs Jr, Oroville
A Fibash, Oakland E Place, Los Gatos
R Kenflck, Benicia W Little & w, Boston
F W Ross, Benicia ,Mrs B Kelley. Courtld
W Nichols & W, Crtld Mrs Fugan. Rio Vista
J Brenzlnger, NY J P Poland, San Jose
M McGowan & w.Cres- J C Martln&w, Preset
cent City * .F L Dodds. USA
F D Searle. Seattle . |1I Buff urn & w. P Grv
C C Grove, Los Ang I. Kelley, Tai
J Fletcher. Arizona W P Dwyer, Sacto
J L Boyd, Marysville W Leffingwill, Colo
M Wilson, Vallejo iR W Taylor, Chicago
H XV Magee,l Cal IE Akerman, S Diego
Mrs McConnell, I Ang C B Bills. San Jose
Miss McConnell. L An J H Myers Sr. Chlcag
D L Backett, Chicago Mrs T A Keabler, Vet-
Mrs McDougall.S Jose erans' Horn. ;:'
C H Schussler, Cal C L Laßue, Yountvlle
H S Smith, Cal R C Whitby, Rochster
W O Read, Colusa S N Clawson, Arizona
J Montgomery, Chico H.Johnson,. Canada
Miss Ross, Davlsvllle A D Walsh, Redwood
Miss Henry, P Robles C Hatley &w, Vacavll
E E Gaddis, Woodlnd ! -
PALACE HOTEL. -
H E Bellows, R I S Orr, Detroit
Mrs Bellows, R I J A Davis, Detroit
E J Marx, St Louis F S Stimson, Seattle
A J Marcus,' Menlo Mrs Stimson, Seattle
Mrs Marcus, Menlo E T Stimson. Ii Ang
Miss Marcus, Menlo Mrs E T Stimson. L A
J C 'Hollands. Pa J A Ferson, Stockton
J J Marx, St Louis iW B Froe. S Jose
L G Pratt, N J Mrs Bratnobe, London
Miss L Fraser, L Ang Miss McCrae. N V
H XV Lobb, N V Miss McConnell, N V
E A Davis. NY Miss Carroll, Mass
Mrs Grummond, Mich |AS Lauer, Chicago
Miss Grummond, . Mich Mrs Lauer, Chicago
H Laub, Ky F Hawkins, Hollister
R .7 Laws, Nevada J E I'hlein. Stanford '
M Livingston. NY J W Ransom, Globe
G Schwazenback, Md H..D Stephens, Sacto
L H Tolfree, L Gatos liD Melone, ; Oak Knoll
Miss Tolfree, L Gatos !A Buchanan, Chicago
R W Adams, Mass jF A Thayer, Chicago
D P Mayhew. Detroit I Mrs Thayer, Chicago
W XV Rouss. Detroit j S Sternberg, NY
Mrs Rouss, Detroit IQ B Johnson, NY
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. / . „, .
J L Sanders. S Jose J L Dillard, Cal V
P Maxwell, Stockton C Bower, Cacto
C L Barnes, Cal . J P Clark, Colo
J Hayes. Los Gatos -* A R Moulton, S Jose
C H Edwards, Cal i R E Cadogan, Visalia
R J Newman, Manila J M Stuart. Fresno
XV Lampmann, Manila! Olsen, Ukiah ",-, - '
W E Ostrom, NY ; M Bradley, Tacoma
J J Brown, N J JJ - C Ross, Sacto
A Postal Tour.
W. S. Shallenberger, Second Assistant
Postmaster General, arrived in | Los An
geles last Wednesday night and will start
for this city on Saturday. :; He is accom
panied by H. P. Thrall, Superintendent of
the Railway Mall Service, who met him
at El Paso last Tuesday. Mr. Shallen
berger Is visiting this coast for the pur
pose of ascertaining the wants and needs
of the postal system. - .
A. young woman dentist who was
called in by the Sultan of Turkey to
look after the teeth of his favorite
relates her experiences in the harem,
in next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived May 18— Schr
Bender Brothers. . » '■ -'";■
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH" OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1841 Mission street; open until 10, o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. Yl.j:-
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock. .:•>-•:
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. X A
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont-^rjr
gomery sts. Regular assembly THIS lII]
(FRIDAY; EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. *_"»*
■ V-: : Installation of officers. All fraters
are cordially invited. v ..:-■.- :
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. 1. Regular meeting THIS (FRI- *_**
. DAY) EVENING. May 19, at 8 A
o'clock. D 13. '" Att
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary. «___»
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- A \y _.
donian Club THIS EVENING at 3. \MJjI
8 o'clock at Scottish Hall, 117 IkXK
Larkin st. Tent tickets will be '*■__'•
distributed to members. .v-.';"v:.--. .N"-'
ANGUS M'LEOD, Chief.
ANDREW M'NAIR, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May, 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-"
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
Euch other business as may ccme before the
meeting. . Transfer books will close on Fri-
day, May 12, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office, 327 Market at.. San Francisco. CaL
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
. of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company ; haa been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company,
number 327 Market st., ln the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000). ln
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage . upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Corh-
pany.
______________
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
ROOMS . papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415. Montgomery Ft-- rooms 9-10: tel« 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ™
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the offlce of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY, June 1, 1899.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
26, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. in.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 67 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation Company will be payable at
the offlce of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after SATURDAY, May 20, 1899. Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY. May 13.
1890. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tei. Black 132 L
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tei. Main 1997. Bradley fir Co.. 610 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
COMPETENT Eastern girl desires situation as
first-class cook and houseworkerj 3 and 4
years in her places. MISS CULLI_N, 325 Sut-
ter .st.
REFINED middle-aged English woman desires
situation as infant's nurse; wages $15 per
month; best references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second work; $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. _^
NEAT young- Swedish girl desires situation;
assist in cooking and housework; $10 per
month; or nurse. MISS- CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
i . , _■ — _— — — ' —
A FIRST-CLASS American woman as nurse
A FIRST-CLASS American woman as nurse
for hospital or as housekeeper, best of refer-
ences, wishes situation; particulars of J, F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
THREE Scandinavian servants now waiting
situations as cooks; also neat Irish girl, 7
years' reference, for second work. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED' woman wishes situation In
private family; Is flrst-elass German. French
and American cook; city or country: willing
to assist in light housework and plain wash-
ing; references. 525 Post st.
YOUNG American girl age 24 would like to
assist in housework, more for a good home
than wages; references given. Inquire 1219
Mission. -.
WANTED— Work by the day by woman 35, 75c
and carfare. Call or address MRS. BRENN,
765 Market st. -
WANTED By a competent woman, position
as cook or would do general housework;
good baker. 11128 Bush st.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper or cook. M. E. M., 3375_ Twenty-
fourth st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
Hotel, Ellis st., room 23.
RELIABLE woman, understands cooking thor-
oughly, would do light housework; city or
short distance in the country; reference. 16
Willow aye., off Larkin st.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation as In-
valid nurse, seamstress; can wait on table
or upstairs work. Box 1, Call offlce.
A LADY wishes position as housekeeper, city
or country; apply evenings. 19238 Fillmore.
YOUNG woman would like second work or
sewing. .Sixth St., room 21. ,
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
cleaning.- 452 Jessie st. ■
WOMAN wants work by the day, 75c. Call or
address 568 Mission st. % - -> '
ELDERLY lady wishes position to assist In
light housework; home more an object than
wages. 29 Eddy St.. second floor, room 40.
STEADY, competent girl wishes situation to do
cooking and general housework ln a small
family, city or short distance ln the coun-
try. Addres 1555 Pine st. -
WANTED— Position as cashier ; by thorough
business woman:, .hotel, cafe or i restaurant;
6 years' experience; good references. Box 817,
Call offlce. .-"-'■,-. ...-.- •"_'.•.• .-.■ >/. ■ .- .
SITUATION wanted by competent woman;
good cook on short orders, home-made pies
and cakes. Address 8., bo_ 7, Call branch
office, 615 Larkin st. . - \,
WOMAN wishes situation as working house-
keeper; Is good plain cook; no objection to
country. 37 Minna st. • *
LADY wishes sewing and repairing to do at
.home. 150 Fourth st., room 12. s
GERMAN woman ; wishes work by the : day.
washing, housecleanlng or Ironing. Call ' at
604 Minna st.
GOOD home wanted for a girl of. 15 where she
, can learn housework. Add. J., box 372, Call.
WANTED— By woman, plain sewing by the
day; grand darner, lace curtain and fine linen
repairing a specialty; prompt reply to all or-
ders. Call or address MRS. CLARK, 7JO
O'Farrell st. ' 
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400. Examiner bldg. ':'■
LADY wishes situation as : housekeeper, coun-
try or mining town preferred. Room 9, 865%
Market st. '.;.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $(
: week; convenient and respectable; ire*) 'bus
> and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. : tei. Grant 56.
JAPANESE Emp. Office; help; farm hands;
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary st. ; tei. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414*. O'Farrell st; tei. East 424.
FOR private place or country hotel, a young
man, English, 11 years in Alameda, Cal., ex-
perienced in gardening in all its branches,
raising of vegetables, pruning trees, care of
greenhouse, etc., and if necessary can milk
and is used to horses; has references. R. H.
OLDER, 75 Third st., city. _____
MAN, 30, wants position to drive wagon and
be generally useful; first-class references.
Box 860. Call. .
JAPANESE young man wants position as an
office boy in a lawyer's offlce. 931 Sacra-
mento st. care N. W. Metanl.
YOUNO man. 26 years old. will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 7_3_.
Call offlce. : '- .'■ .
GOOD reliable bar man and hotel man; coun-
GOOD reliable bar man and hotel man; coun-
try preferred; speaks German and Englisn;
the best of business recommendation. Ad-
dress box 378, Call office.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; understands greenhouse, flower garden
propagating, budding and pruning; best of
references. F. C, 2441 Buchanan st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a position to tend
clear store or bar a few hours every day;
references given. Inquire 437 Fulton st.,
bakery. . ;
MAN and woman wish, situations; woman good
cook and man handy at anything. Box 837,
Call offlce. ■'■•■--■>'-• ' -
WAS fireman 15 years on English ships; wishes
position as fireman en land; town or coun-
try- 440 Clementina st. ___
WANTED— Position as head waiter, steward or
manager by thoroughly experienced restau-
rant man. Box 8, Call offlce. ■
YOUNG Danish man wants situation; private
place; city or country; thoroughly under-
stands care of horses, cows and garden: good
references. Address P. ,LUND, 360 Seventh
St.. Oakland. ■
HELP ANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN to cook for men. $20 per month, city.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK. $35 per month, private family, country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Menlo Park, $20; housework, Belvedere.
$20; Martinez, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. *__.
YOUNG girl to assist. $15 per month: nurse.
$16; second girl and nurse. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, American, private family, $25 per
month; call early. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. , :
3 FANCY Ironers. San Jose, $25 each per month
and found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, Marin County, house-
work. $15 per month, fare paid; middle-aged
woman, - housework, country, $10 and fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
MOTHER and daughter or 2 friends as cook
and waitress, $35 per month; Calaveras Coun-
ty; small hotel. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl assist in light housework;
sleep home; $10 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES and chambermaids; city and
6 WAITRESSES and chambermaids; city and
country; $20 and $25 each. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ■
COOK for Healdsburg, $25 per month; Oak-
land, $20; Llvermore, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. -
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185."
WE WANT TO-DAY
Head waitress for first-class commercial ho-
tel, $30; waitresses for springs, resorts and
flrst-elass commercial hotels in country, $20;
3 waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, country, $20, fare paid; 2 chamber-
maids to wait, city, $20; fancy Ironer, resort,
$25; 3 fancy ironers. city and country. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FAMILY ORDERS i
Cook and housegirl (no washing), Martinez;
$25: housegirl. Colusa. $25; housegirl, Colusa,
$20; cook, city, $25: 8 German and Swedish
housegirls, $20 and $25, and many neat young
girls to assist. $10 to $12; young girl to as-
sist with housework and care baby, $10 to
$12. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MISS STELLA HARBIN— call or send
your address at once; important. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WOMEN— Two days' work a week; Scandi-
navian or German. Apply 104 Geary.
NEAT girl to assist and care children; $12 to
$15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— Nursery governess, speak French,
teach music, also English; references re-
quired. Also governess who speaks French
for city. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED — Talloress on repairs, steady work:
German cook, no washing, $30; 14 German or
Scandinavian girls for housework ln city, $20
and $25; 24 neat Irish girls for housework in
city, $20 and $25; 2 waitresses and chamber-
maids for same place, $20; 2 waitresses for
restaurant, $5 and $6 a week: English second
girl. $20; Protestant nurse, $20; a number of
girls for cooking and housework for country,
$20 and $25; cook for small country resort.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
GERMAN nursegirl. wages $20: young girl to
mind 2 children, wages $15. call early; cook
for Mill Valley, wages $2.}; several ranch
cooks; 25 young girls to assist.. MISS DIL-
LON, 315 Sutter St.; phone Main 804.
WANTED— Woman to work in busheling shop
that can operate a machine. Lyon st., be-
tween Greenwich and Lombard, front of Pre-
sidio/
FIRST-CLASS Protestant girl for general
housework; good wages to right party. Call
bet. 9. and 12 to-day. 432 Van Ness aye.
THREE good waitresses for restaurant, cen-
trally . located in city; wages $6.. Box 563,
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED first-class talloress In all
kinds work. 506 Eighth st, ' Oakland; call
7 p. m.
WANTED — German girl for second work and
waiting. 1307 Hyde st.
LADY talloress wanted. J. BAUMGARTEN
CO.. 1 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Elderly lady to care for sick lady.
424 Tehama st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; reference. 730 McAllister st.
GIRL to assist ln housework. Apply 827 Golden
gate aye.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. Jones
. street. - •
■ NEAT housekeeper for one;. wages $8 monthly.
Box. 333. Call Offlce. *
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
801 Hayes st; • ,--
EXPERIENCED governess, capable of teach-
ing a girl -9 years old In all branches, thor-
ough musician and linguist, for a small coun-
try town ln Nevada. Write full particulars
and references to MRS. E. R., Hotel Rich-
elieu. ;.Y':'.'Y&
GIRL for bakery; also to do general housework.
2952 Mission St.. near Twenty-sixth.
GIRLS to learn halrdressing and manicuring.
240 Stockton st.
YOUNG girl to help in kitchen, $10 per month.
1326 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 635 Market.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 606
Leavenworth st.
AT 52 Second— Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble light housekeeping rooms, $1 to $3 week.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on overshtrts and underwear.
LEVI ________ * CO. Ml** •"*— wmobt »t.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
wANTi_DTn??rrr!Tr^^ WANTED
For Institution near city, a man to do pa-
per hanging, painting, etc., and generally-
handy with tools, $30 and found; blacksmith
for shop near city, $40 and found ; 2 black-
smith helpers for ranch and shop, $30 and
found; plain carpenter for factory in city,
$2 25 per day; man and wife for nice ranch
near city, no objection to 1 child. $35 and
found; 3 laborers for mine in Napa County,
$1 75 per day, steady Job; 10 laborers about
coal mine, $2 per day; swamper for logging
camp near city, $35, and a crosscut sawyer,
same place, $30; 50 farm hands and ranch
teamsters at . going wages: 4 milkers, and
others. W. D. .EWER Si CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 brick layers for mine; free fare
both ways; $3 per day and board; good job.
XV. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. ■
WANTED— Machinist country, $3; 3 quartz
miners, $1 75 and^oard and $2 50 day; tim-
berman for mine. $2 75 day; woodworker, $40
and board: 5 blacksmiths, $60 and $40 and
board; blacksrtiith for mine, $2 50 day; brlck-
Jayer: shop butcher, $25 1 and found; milkers,
"farmers,, woodsmen and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— 7S laborers and tunnel men, $1 75
to $2 50 day; 6 laborers, $35 and board; team-
sters, $1 76 and $1 90 day. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED 2 waiters for good country hotel
$30 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Dishwasher ror hot springs, $20 and
found; call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO
628 Sacramento st. '.  "'
MAN who understands driving and making
himself useful around family resort; short
I distance ln country; $10 per month. 11 Eddy.
HELP WANTED— Continued..
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
12 haymakers. Alameda C0unty..... .51 25 day
86 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places $26, $25, $20 and found
MILKERS •'-
- milkers, different jobs....
.'. '.....$3O, $25 and $20 and found
12 choremen and boys for ranches, etc., $26,
, $25, $20, $10 and $8 and found
' Man to wash cans, city Job $30
3 young men to work on a large ranch, no ex-
perience required $20 and found,' fare $1
FRUIT PICK
20 men and boys to pick fruit, etc
$20 -and $15 and found
Farmer and wife, fare $1.. $30 and found
TO THE MINES
12 laborers, no experience required —$2 day
10 coal miners .60c to 75c car
3 slate splitters, $2 50 day; 3 blockmakers,
$2 50 day; diamond driller .$3 10 day
TO SAWMILL AND' WOODS
Head donkey man...- : — $40 and found
2 spooltenders $30 and found
Planer man $40 and found
Ox teamsters, 3 yoke $35 anil found
Man to tend chain with teams.. and found
12 laborers for mills and w00d5.. 526 and found
2 setters, Steams' • blocks $52 and found
Bricklayer Boys to learn i trades
156 woodchoppers $2 to $1 cord
IS7 tiemakers Sc, 9c, 12c each
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
6 blacksmiths and horseshoers
• $2 50 day and $40 and found
3 machinists, different Jobs .-
. IN SAN FRANCISCO
23 two-horse teamsters, $26 and found and
$1 75 day; 38 laborers, city jobs, '$», and $26
' and found; 6 laborers, board yourselves, $1 75
day; 4 stablemen, city and country jobs, $25
and $20 and found.
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
636 teamsters $2, $1 85 and $1 75 day
284 laborers $175 and $2 day-
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
$3 day $2 50 day $2 day $175 day
S. P. COAST RAILROAD
We want at once We ship dally
2-horse teamsters 4-hurse teamsters
Drillers Rockmen Tracklayers
Stonemasons Laborers, etc.
$1 Offlce Fee Only , $1 _
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.* |
ENGINEER for a large ranch, $2 day and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
18 cooks, different jobs, $35, $40 and $25 and
found; 6 waiters, different jobs, $25 and $20
and found
German married porter, city ....$lO week
12 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20 and $15
and found; second and third bakers, city
Jobs
Elevator boy Porter, lodging-house
2 laundrymen, same country hotel
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at
A CARLOAD OF RAILROAD MEN DAILY
........FOR THE COAST RAILROAD
Wages, $2 50. $2 and $1 75 a day
free transportation fee, one dollar
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A CARLOAD OF RAILROAD MEN DAILY
.......FOR THE VALLEY' RAILROAD
Wages, $2 50, $2 and- $1 75 ..fee, one dollar
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
25 TWO and four horse teamsters for other new
railroad work; $2 a day ship tc-day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
TWO quartz miners, see boss here. $2 a day
* and board; coal passer, city, $40; blacksmith,
country shop, $2 60 a day; helper, $35 and
found; 3 lumber pliers, $2 a day, near city;
6 carpenters, 5 months' Job, near city; pipe-
fitter: machinist, country
Haymakers, $1 25 and board; farmer and
wife, $40 and found; 30 farmers. $1 a day and
$25 and found: stableman, country. $25 and
found; 6 shovelers, $1 75, board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
YOUNG man who can take dictation, use type-
writer and assist in office work; $25. Apply
In person with written appliqation to C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 10. Geary st.
WANTED— Butler. $35 and found. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man to milk cows, $20 per month,
Marin County. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
BRIGHT, well-educated boy, 15 to 17, to learn
architect business. Call from 10 to 4, room
44, Thurlow block.
RELIABLE young man, one who Is emyployed
evenings, to work from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
putting up stickers. Address box 842, Call.
TAILORS— and pants' makers wanted for
the country. Apply td STEIN. SIMON &
CO.. Market and Second s_.
BARBER wanted. 39U Turk st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
Apply 1502 Folsom St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. - 302 Montgomery aye.
BARBER wanted. 377 Ninth St.. Oakland;
good paying 5c shop.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 515 Fourteenth
St., Oakland.
BARBER for Saturday and Sundaj. 164S Mis-
sion st. ■ . . . . I -
WANTED— Bushelman. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market st.
COATMAKER for country. AppU REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
BOY wanted. Call drugstore. 659 McAllister
street. -
WANTED— Dishwasher for lunch house , $12
month and room. 606 Mission st.
■ ■ — — —
ELDERLY man, cabinet maker, to assist on
ELDERLY man. cabinet maker, to assist on
light woodwork. Address box 866. Call.
. — — ______
WANTED— Offlce boy: wages $3 per wetk; give
WANTED— Office boy; wages $3 per week; give
age and reference. Box 862, Call. ;
WANTED— A lunch waiter. 236 Townsend st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 407 Mason st; call at
7:30; in the rear. '
SECOND cook; must understand frvin? and
broiling; middle-aged. 25 Taylor St., after 10.
GOOD coat maker to work inside by the piece
or week; also a good coat maker that under-
stands making turned coats. Apply to S. N
WOOD, 718 Market st.
DOCTOR at once; a young physician to go to
Alaska, one with knowledge of commercial
offlce business preferred: must have proper
doctor's diploma and some little experience in
practice of medicine; references required; will
have to leave here May 20. Apply to NORTH
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL CO., room 24
9th floor, Mills bldg.. San Francisco.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet <
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal. ■
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal. ;• sufficient
new ground has been - opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coat
miners; no other class of labor is required.
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2' per week.
WANTED— Steady man, $15 a week; permanent
place; light business: must 'have small capi-
tal. Western Inv. Co., 9 Geary st.
PROTESTANT young man for office work:
must te Al stenographer; one experienced in
hardware business preferred; references re-
quired. Box 819. Call office.
WANTED— for greenhouse work;
wages $30 per month and - board. Address
Gardener, box SlB, Call offlce.
CIGAR-MAKER. 328 Bush St., room 4.
10 GRANITE cutters wanted; wages $4 per day
of 9 hours. Apply at Capitol building. Phoe-
nix, Ariz. ■::.-.,;',-;.
WANTED— AII round tailor, work by week;
young man preferred. J. T. ENGLISH, San
Mateo, Cal.
SHOEMAKER wanted: one that can do first-
class repairing; good pay; steady work. 2140
Fillmore st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138U Eighth st
GOOD pressman on custom pants; steady work.
942 Folsom st
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
160 MEN for cleanest houses In city. "Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House."
861; 15c to 50c night; all dally papers.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st„ between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice; catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College. . 635 Clay st. - r - r: •
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 100 per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c an.l 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SAILORS and ordinary I seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
' — _——_____ _
ELLIS, _1 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
ELLIS. _1 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night: re-
duction, to permanent roomers: reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
, House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single.
10c. 15c night: 60c. 90c week; reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ -
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tei. Jessie 1161.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 23c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 wk. Elcho House. 863*_ Market »-HELP \VANTED-Contfn_ed.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian islands. Ma- j
nlla Mexico and Alaska. XV. _ANE. _hip-
p'.ng Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar- '
y ket; 7vo rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
I 'bus and baggage to reading ferry. free
''•:s and baggage to and from the ferry.
7 WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and .
clerk?. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY An House, 957 Market st.. bPlow Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ■
\\ \\ I ED— Mist ELL VM'.dl S.
W ANTED— 3I I SCELL'AN EO US.
WANTED— To hire 100 flrst-dass scraper teams
with harneFS and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
PIANO, Fafe. carpets, curtains, etc.', also sur-
rey and team, etc., for board at summer
hotel near Colfax. A. T . room 200, Safe De-
posit bldg.. Sun Francisco. Cal.
AMATEUR musicians to loin orchestra for so-
clal purposes. 328 Rush st.. room 4. ' -
I \l>l :HT OPTICIANS
OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Market St.. _. F. ; examlna-
tion free; open evenings.
___ MEDICAL.
iA BURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and stale their I
case before going elsewhere; they will find ]
In her true friend; a home for patients, '
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi- j
tai and privacy of a home; consultation free I
and confidential: home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or I
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible \
pills, 510 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to B; Sun-
days. 4 to S r. m. :
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from What-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no instruments used: cure at office.
tss: home In confinement: skillful medical at-
T tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin . hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to S
p. m.: Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free; :
well known, able, safe and sure: cure ln !
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills. $1; cure, I
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth: tei. Howard 424.
This well-known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25. In order to gain knowledge
whlrh is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons en her return in August.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace.
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lav ' sell cure sent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In--
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home * for patients; comfort and privacy. !
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor; offlce hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. : Sunday. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; .-all on s physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $8; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free: ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR G. W. O'DONNELL. -renowned
_ female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023U Market Ft.
DRTand MRS. WEGENER 131^ Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement. with every
comfort: best care and attention: terms mod-
crate: regular physician in attendance: con-
sultation free: infants adopted Into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DR. WONG woo. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay t.. Sal Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese her! over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m. .
al Pills
LADIES— r-hlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
1 Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall: at
■ return mail; at
druggists. OhicheFter Chemical Co.. I'hila.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send : ■ stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. <""0.. 531 X Ft.. Sacramento. Cal .
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agent-. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; reli-
able, safe. Fure; maternity home: no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, $3. DRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness
DR. and Mrs. Wis-?. HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back | up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
1.0 l CATION AL.
________■
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
savlng. blowpipe anal., chemistry, geoi.. mln-
eralogy. survevlng. math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, EngllFh branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil; electrical, mm
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day _ eve.;
est. 1864. VAN i'ER NAILLEN, »83 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR, 572 Parrott building.
SPANISH taught at 1316 Broderick Ft.; thor-
oughness guaranteed: send postal for terms.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night : correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
mess College. 305 Larkin st.. opp. city Hall.
LOS i
I?!^r7I
LOST— On 6:30 train from Oakland, Sunday
train from Oakland. Sunday
evening, black shoulder cape. Return ,220
Willow aye.; reward.
LADY lost satchel with valuable paper corner
Harrison and Fourth. Return 1357 Eddy;
reward. 4-VJ ,
: kni'e-edged pin. pearl ln center.
LOST— GoId knife-edged pin, pearl in center.
Return 1340 Bush; reward and no questions.
— — — — 1
I/OST— Bunch of seven keys. Kindly return
1 keys. Kindly return
969 A Howard; reward.
WAVY coated black dog; answers to the name
, of Monk: tag 711. Finder return to H. A.
Ji BUTTERS. Hlllsld4 aye.. Piedmont; suita-
ble reward. ' '•',"' ;
$10 REWARD— Vicinity of. Third and Mission.
Friday morning. May 5. round-cornered locket
containing old lady's picture »«*<_- lock of gray
hair. Return to 211 Minna St.
LOST— Sunday, n<-ar Goat Island, a flat t-
tr.m skiff. Finder release address F. J. 8.,
791 San Jose aye.
JJiyi'— Pug <lr_: answers to name of Griff.
me of Griff.
IS2I Oak St.; reward.
LOST— Cocker spaniel dog; Golden Gate aye.
Reward r.t 125 Clay st. . *
■ *
HORSES. r
IJt.'ST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase _ Mendenhall,
successors Killlp & Co.; salesyard, 173Z Mkt.
23 HEAD of fine driving, carriage and draft
horsea: 1100 to 17W) lbs.: 5 to 7 years old. Can
be seen at 1623 Powell st.. near Union.
HORSE and wagon: suitable for peddler;
cheap. Maud P Stables. Eddy and Pier sts.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auctlr.n sales every Wedne.day.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
VOR tale — <0 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
' car Ftables. '301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
PHAETON horse and harness; a . fine -oppor-
tunity for a person wanting an elegant out-
Iflt. Apply 314 Washington st. _____
FOR Wagon, business, 2-seat, and har-
ness; cheap. _. Twenty-ninth st. . \ V'
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts.
burgles. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
STORAGE.
'CALA." -tor_ge~Vv_r^h^use', F. SMlTH,' prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tei. Clay 25.
PIE ROE- RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tei. Main 3713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
in-, advance, etc. 735 Market: tei. Black 31L
BUSINESS CHANCES. V
A.— ssoo; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
estab. years; 50. feet from Call bldg.; account
Of sickness. Particulars R. G. Wllke, 306 Mkt.
— —
A — sl6oo; corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
A |1600; corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
one-half block from Wleland's Brewery; dally
receipts about $26; cash trade only; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s7oo; corner saloon with 3 entrances; estab-
lished SO years; doing a rushing business;
large stock; very best location, about one
block from The Call. R. G. WILKE, '."-'6 Mar-
ket st. - ; ;,>.//>' --,.*
A— slsoo; restaurant with 9 furnished rooms In
Contra Costa County; 60 steady boarders be-
sides large transient custom; meals 25c; rent
145; clearing above $175 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE, 506 Market st.
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness; 3 horses, 2 wagons; office, coal sheds,
barn, Including lot 26x137; very best location;
rarest chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
906 Market St.
A— $320o; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
saloon, • Including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery: rent $34; Lease; kept by own-
ers years; a bargain. R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st.
11260; SALOON, doing a splendid paying
business: established for years; close to Mar-
ket and Fifth sts; a good bargain; Investigate
at once; no better location in the city. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery and stationery store in
the Mission: living rooms; rent $18: average
daily receipts ,10. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Mai st.
$200— CORNER saloon; rem $35; California and
Market sts. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$125— RESTAURANT; bargain: disagreement of
partners cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN _
CO., 777 Market st.
$175— BARBER shop; five chairs; laundry-
agency Included. Mclaughlin & CO., 777
Market st.
$250— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness: owner sick; must sell. JONES _ CO.,
565 Market st. - - ,". /
$ICO— RENT $10; restaurant, nice place for man
and wife: make a good living: 2 living rooms.
JONES. 865 Market st. :
LODGING-HOUSE. 31 rooms and fine saloon,
furniture as good as new, cost $2300, low rent,
must sell before May 25, sacrifice, $1100; One
roadside house, none better, $1750; half inter-
', est In planing mill, $1000. Please call or write
' and investigate the above. PACIFIC COAST
EXCHANGE. 1007*4 Market St., near Sixth.
OYSTER house; great sacrifice; cause leaving
city. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$100— SALOON; great sacrifice on account leav-
ing city. cow NO _ CO., 995. Market st.
TO sell your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY* & HIMMEL. 917 Market St.
$150— HOME bakery and lunch room: make
offer. HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market St.
$200— PARTNER wanted in good-paying busi-
ness, too much for one to do; no experience
required; trial given. West.. In. Co., 9 Geary.
SEE BASILE, 873% Market st., to buy or sell
your business: lodging houses a specialty..
$150—1! ROOMS; near Third an.'. Market: rent
$20. National Agensy. 7S3">. Market si.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale -a dry goods, fancy
goods and millinery store, located at Hollis-
ter (county seat); stock about $8000, ln good
condition; will sell at great sacrifice; crop
prospects -first class. Apply at 134 Sixth st.
$10,000 WANTED to finish machinery for de-
veloped gold mine; each $1000 Invested will
pay 122.500 yearly dividends; Investment and
dividends guaranteed; particulars at personal
Interview Box 867. Call office.
FOR sale Gallery in Seattle; old and prosper-
ous stand; must sell at once. For particulars ]
see T. P. ANDREWS, 109 Montgomery st.
BAKERY for sale; good location; estab-
lished 20 years; best of reasons for selling.
Apply Call office.
FOB sale — 2-chair 5c barber shop; price $20.
3.", Pacific st.
SAL ' for sale at SO Jackson st., between
Davis and Prumm.
BAR__*B shop for sare. Inquire at 1536 Ken-
tucky Ft. .v.:--
OLD-ESTABLISHED house wants partner
with $1000. Box 838, Call offlce.
SHOE shop; must be Fold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished: good prices. 332 Bush.
BARBER shop with living rooms for sale at
1612. Folsom st.
FOR SALE— On account of sickness, florist and
FOR SALE On account of sickness. Hot
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate aero the bay.
Apply .*■ 0 Haight St.
$700— _— > established corner grocery and bar;
well stocked: good trade; horse and wagon;
rent cheap; long lease: a bargain. NE. cor. :
Dolores and Valley sts.
INVESTMENT of few thousand dollars to com-
plete plant In developed mine with millions
in tight; will give you 2" per cent monthly .
dividends. Box 371, Call offlce.
FOR sab- cheap — Steam cleaning and dyeing
works; doing a first-class business. 20 Locust
St., Santa Cruz, Cal. .:: .'.>
RESTAURANT for sale at a bargain. Inquire ',
at • 709 Taylor st. r_".
WELL-PAYING Jewelry store, established 17
years, for sale on account of departure for
Europe; watch repair work: a specialty. Ap- I
ply to GEO. STEAD, 316*_ Third St. .
ANY kind of property or business bought or
Fold: fair dealing assured; see our saloon, $75;
lodging house. $800; cigar store, $500. Room
206, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
$200— WANTED; working partners; Lower Cali-
fornia enterprise aTter abalone shells and
curios. For particulars address for two weeks
G. D. c.. box 240. Monterey, Cal.
GENERAL blacksmith sale; good
GENERAL blacksmith shop tor sale; good
reasons fer selling. Thirty-eighth and San
Pablo ayes., Oakland.
STORE— Costro and Twenty-second sts. ; new
building; fixtures for groceries and saloon.
Key 1254 Mission st.
SHOE store and repairing shop tor sale, on ac-
count of sickness. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro.
BLACKSMITH shop to let or sale; Mission
road, near 7-Mile House. Inquire Greyhound
saloon.
$300— FOR sale; good paying saloon. Inquire at
Call office.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire ZIEGLER BROS., 527 Montgomery.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
rfflce.
LODGING HOUSES FOB SALE.
16-ROOM house; clears $S0; only $350
110-room corner, house; clears $500 5500
18-room house on Turk st , 700
65-room house to exch'ge for small house. 3000
10-room house on Taylor st 500
24-room house on Market st 900
15-room house on Howard st . 600
22-room; new; cost $4500 1800
24 rooms on Geary st 623
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell St.. 350
It-room house; large yard; downtown 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only MM
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
64-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
A— KREDO & CO 22.. GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
38 rooms; Market St.; best in city 11200
24 rooms; Geary Ft., near plaza 800
16 rooms; Post St.: always full 775
10 rooms; O'Farrell st.: clears $50 300
C rooms; S rooms pay rent 200
A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
A— s6oo: 46. ROOMS; prominent business corner;
cheap rent: worth $2000; the chance of a life-
time. KREDO & CO., 22*4 Geary st.
9 ROOMS $1251 15 rooms $200
7 rooms .- 200 j 28 rooms 550
7 rooms 22". 18 rooms 750
CO others clearing 160 to $200: money loaned.
National Agency. 7S3V. Market st. - /.• .
R H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
21 rooms: rent $41: corner $750
32 rooms; $500 cash; payments 930
40 rooms; rent $100; $1000 cash 2000
82 rooms; rent $17",, downtown 2650
POST, '■■'■'■'■ corner Stockton— Sunny corner suites
and single rooms; centrally located; to gen-
tlemen and families; all conveniences; refer-
■ rc-s given: elevator.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALEXANDRIA Hotel furniture, carpets, etc.,
781 Sutter st ; private sale; same good, clean,
nice style: must be sold at once.
*I_O— FURNITURE -of 6-room flat, as a whole
* or part. ' 234H Sixth st. .
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. ' Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton it.
4 ROOMS furnlshrd, In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves. lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
18 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250.
WHEN yru become disgusted with poor work :
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-3*7 Tehama st. : tei. 8. 40. j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tei. Main 394. , GEO WAI.COM. Proprietor.
J. MtQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tei. South 223; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at .1c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.; tei. Jessie 9*4.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tei. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tei. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golds-
Gate avt.; tei. East 121
THE SAN FBAISrCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 19; 1899.
PERSONALS.
HUGH McQUADI— Last heard of in March,
1896; will the above please communicate with
his sister. MRS. H. HOLT, Westllng House,
Petersfleld, Hants, England? . ;.-.~
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 2"ith; Guerrero st. cars; tei. Blue 991.
PARTNER to grub stake; reliable prospector;
Cape Nome. Box 539, Call office.
PIETRO ATTILLIO will open his new saloon
May 17 at 812 Montgomery st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
LEDERER Is at the head of his profession;
halrdressing only 25c; hair rolls, 10c; longest
ear to ear only 35c; great sale of wigs at half
price. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Is beneficial used dally
as a hair wash, 35c bot.; Lederer's Foama
Shampoo, oc pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell picnic hams, 7c lb.; good flour, -75c sk. ;
cornmeal, 20c sk. ; hams, 10c lb. ; butter, 25c
roll, tomatoes, 90c doz.; jelly, $1 doz.; coffee,
8 lbs., $1; rice, 20 lbs., $1; prunes, 25 lbs., 11.
LINCOLN- BROS., cash grocers, 226 Sixth st.,
above Folsom.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., _aw a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $160 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, II 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, Printer, 611 Sacramento St.;
phone Main 1836.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes. 12. $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. SUSAKI _ CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
- of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tall"r-madof suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter st. ,
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
Bold; tei. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st. '
SUITS to order, $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. 1814 Market st.: open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. ,7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarntd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds IS 50; bedrm sets IS: bed lounges
$4 50: open eve's L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary St.: dresses made, $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITI VLISM.
A MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MR~s7~H A LAND'S test circle to-night; writ-
ten questions answered, 10c; life readings
daily. 120 Sixth st.
MRS S. SIEP, psychometrlst; 11. to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st. ■
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader returned from j
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason St., near
Ellis Ft.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. ra.; open
Sundays; fee 50c; English and German spok-
en; card reading at private entertainments.
MME PORTER wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second |
Fight • diagnoses disease; full life reading; la- ,
dies, 50c; gents. $1; sit., $1 60. UN Turk st.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist. .
Parlors 12 and IS, second floor, 865',. Market.
MRP. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and.
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 2344 Sixth.
C V MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance. 8 p. m., 2.'..-. . 409 Leavenworth st.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post, room 7. '.; :YY.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader. 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 865*4 Market St., rooms 8-9.
MME HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, . present and future; 25c. 14S 6th, r. 12.
MISS EVA SHELDON, celebrated card reader
from Portland. Or., 17 Grant aye., room 6.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, 10c: ladies only.
54? Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer. first
In her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St.. rooms 1 and 2.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS BAY, returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St.. room 6.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market st., room 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15, second flijir.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and English spoken.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and map-
netlst, 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6. i
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrlst: parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st,
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. Hit O'Farrell Ft.
PALMISTRY.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count \St. Ger.
main*. 611 Geary st.. above Jones; tei. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, |1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist
916 Bush St., between Taylor and Jones.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ATTENTION— People going to Alaska will do I
well by buying that beautiful and well-
trained team of Eskimo dogs at 2137 Lombard
St., bet. Fillmore and Stelner.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and offlce
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
BIG hotel Ice chest, Falrbank scales, tables,
carpets, curtains and poles, all remaining fur-
niture. Alexandria Hotel, 781 Sutter St.;
everything must be sold at once; auction
and private sale.
A AN OVERSTOCK
St Germain Billiard Co.. 409 Market st.; all |
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beep pumps; cheap: installmts.
A NICE diamond stud for $30 at UNCLE HAR-
RIS', 15 Grant aye.
A— SUITS made to order for 135 at 112 50. MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery.
NICKEL cash register, nearly new; total odder.
Apply H(fI..TUM BROS., 565 Market st.
TO campers— Folding tents for sale from $1 60
up. Room 24. Flood building. .
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
" lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. B. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
' screw cutting lathe. 648 Mission st .
LAUNDRY plant, complete: boiler, engine, etc.
, WHITE'S, 616 Mission st. .
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN _ BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
. bought, sold and exchanged. - 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only). 115; will
fit phono Or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
~~ 7 PHYSICIANS. ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
. 1021 „ Market St., bet. 6th and 7th.
; V HOUSES TO LET. -^
FINE sunny pleasant house. 7 rooms, ln per-
feet condition; 3386 Twenty-first St., near .
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to good tenant. Key at corner. V<
GREENWICH, 902. NW. cor. of Taylor— Ons
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement
sunny side; rent $25. , ■ ' ' ■"■'\'- _
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St. ■
SUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath; rent $22 50.
724 Broderick St., near McAllister.
VERY pleasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
flrst and Guerrero sts.; 12 rooms; large gar-
den; lawn: flowers; stable; electric cars; low
rent to good tenant. Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms, in per-
feet condition; 3388 Twenty-first st., next to •
corner Guerrero; electric cars; low rent to
good tenant. Key at corner. ■ -
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PARTLY furnished house; modern conveni-
ences; 2533 Mission. Room 24, Flood building.
5-ROOM upper flat-, very sunny; nicely fur-
nished; reasonable; adults; references. Apply
.from 1 to 4 at 314 Waller St.. near Webster.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FINE cottages reduced from $15 to $12. A. M.
SPECK & CO., «67 Market.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms and bath, $6. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st. '
SUNNY* cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement;
large yard: flat. 6 rooms, bath. 1876 15th st.
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 1-2. nr. Third Upper flat, 2 choice
sunny rooms; yard; cellar; $6 per month.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ________
MOST desirable new sunny 6-room flat and
bath. Chelsea place, off Bush st., between
Stockton and Powell. ,
MISSION flats reduced from $13 to $10. A. M.
SPECK & CO. •
NINTH, 243— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $1^ .
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $15. 2232
Mission st. ■.'.!■->-•-•-
TO rent— 2 modern new flats: 6 and 7 rooms.
SE. corner of Lyon st. and Golden Gate ave.ll
UPPER flit, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Jlllmore.
$10— LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl st.,
off Market, near | Valencia.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY" furnished flat; fine marine view. 1317
Leavenworth st. __________
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY", Parlor floor, 3 or 4 elegantly fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms- bath; gas;
running water; nice neighborhood; reference.
EDDY, 917— Nice comfortable clean house-
keeping rooms; delightful place; private res. ■
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath:- private; $8, or 2 $10.
FIFTH. 353— Clean furnished housekeeping, 3
connecting rooms, $13; also single, $5 up.
FOURTH, 225— Housekeeping rooms from $1 a
week up; also single. .
GEARY, 1917— $1S; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath: 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal; every convenience. .;-".;;-: -
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 527— Two nice front
rooms for housekeeping. YY+ ■';' .':■•'■.":
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1057— Upper or lower flat
of 3 rooms furnished for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-turnlshed
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HAVES, 804. corner Webster— A steady couple
for 2 sunny rooms, partly furnished for light
housekeeping: use of. parlor and dining-room
can be had; references and no children. Call
Monday afternoons or any evening.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25. 75c night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD. lO6B— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences'; $1 25 per week up.
JONES, 518— Lower floor of 3 rooms, furnlsned;
housekeeping; sunny; yard. ■
LEWIS, 18. off Taylor, near Post— sunny front
rooms, unfurnished; also 2 rooms.
MARKET, 1735— Large sunny furnished house*
keeping rooms; terms moderate^
Mi A! LISTER. 714—3 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with use of bcth; rent $13.
MINNA, 546—2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; convenient.
MISSION, 94S— Housekeeping room; 2 for $8 and
2 for $10. : ' ■
MISSION, 1125*. Nice furnished rm. for house-
keeping; good cook stove; $7 mo., or weekly.
MISSION. 1165 Housekeeping rooms: also base-
ment; furnished or unfurnished; single rooms;
reasonable.
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
OAK, 119—1 large front room; sunny; fine neigh-
borhood: complete for housekeeping; $3.
IST. 507 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
front and back parlor; use of kitchen If de-
sired; also other rooms.
SIXTH, 234'_ — 3 or 4 rooms; coruplete for house-
keeping; $15 to $20; private place; neat, clean.
■ _ _ ,
SI XTH,»42O— Bay-window housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH,^42O— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, SO— or 3 well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; very reasonable.
THIRD. 30S— 2 furnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping, with use of bath.
TWELFTH, 230O— Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rms.; private family; oor. flat; gas range.
TWENTIETH, 3622. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; bath; sink.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores— 4 sunny
rooms; completely furnished for housekeeping.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— Large
furnished sunny connecting", housekeeping
suites; running water; $S and $10. /-
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor ' and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VAN NESS. 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat: 3 rooms and bath; gas range: NE cor-
ncr; reasonable to responsible parties.
VAN NESS aye., Front sunny rooms, suit-
able for light housekeeping; gas range.
3 NICELY' furnished rooms for housekeeping;
rent $20. Apply 1408 Bush st.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALMA, 441 Geary— . furnished sunny
rooms; suites $150 week and up; transient.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 60 day. M__ J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup"— fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices. ■
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite of rooms, newly fur-
nished;- board of needed.
FIRST, 28— Neat sunny furnished rooms, $1 per
week. /
GEARY, Furnished rooms: double bed;
running water; first and second floors.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny parlor; piano,
phone; suites; other rooms light housekeeping.
GEARY. 766 — Elegantly furnished parl*rs;
other rooms; telephone; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., 309— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suites, single rooms; transient; reas.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
MISSION, 817— Large" sunny front rooms fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; also single
rooms.
POLK, 913— Front alcofve room, running water.
$12; also sunny back parlor, $10 per month;
private family. '
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern * sunny
rooms, suite and. single; convenient; reason-
able.' •.■,''■■.. , . '
POLK, 1431—3 sunny rooms, furnished or un-
furnished; gas and bath; will rent together or
single. : ■ •■-■-■■
POWELL. 817 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
offlce floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Front room for business: rooms
for light housekeeping; rooms $1 per week. -,
TAYLOR, 1532— 3 unfurnished sunny rooms;
closets, hot and 'cold water, bath; telephone;
suitable for couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen.
VAN NESS, 615, near Turk— s9, well furnished
sunny front parlor. '
VAN NESS, 813— One, or more, furnished or
not, bath, gas, etc. ; very desirable.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First Nicely furnished rooms, with -
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home. ' ■■-.•■■
O'FARRELL. 605— Elegant- rooms with board;
table board; reasonable; references. -
CALIFORNIA. 807. "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.: home comfts. ,
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double. $20. ;
POWELL. SO. (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished 1
Eultes and single roo. is: excellent board.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st. ••
THE Longworth. 622 -Gearv— Sunny front suite '
elegantly furnished; single rms.: table board.
CIIILDREr. HOARDED. !
GOOD home for children,' sB: infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st. i
, RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant, 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c: also a la carte; tei. • Red 2951.
» i
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant. col Tee and Ice
cream parlor, 1035 Market St. ;■ popular prices.
jr- OFFICES TO LET. \
FOR rent— s-room flat, suitable for physician's
or dentist's offices: very central. 102*_ Sixth ,
St.; key in hat store. - ■ . - ■ I
STORES TO LET.
FINE store fixtures to let— Show cases, 5 liv-
ing rooms; ""Kith: cheap. 2848 Folsom st. ,
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE! TOl^r-
TO let— Stable. 8 stalls. 1015 Golden Gate aye.
TO let— Stable, 8 stalls. 1015 Golden Gate aye.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most .
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; .plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without- pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates;, cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty: flexible
plates from $5; crowns. $3 50: fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges. $6 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
•YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission's... cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices;, ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $">: teeth witout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling! 50c up; crowns,
('Hio Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns.
$3 up: open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. * '
-MUSI CA L INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
rash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos tor $3, $4 and
jr. 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house ■
wist of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and ,
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the ■
customer.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, SOS to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW dickering and 3 Steinways. Keeoe's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tei. Larkin 706.
BARGAINS- Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
FAMILY going East will sell nearly new up-
• right piano cheap. 2132% Howard st.
GOOD piano for practice will be sold at once
for $50 cash. Room 12. Flood building.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano ln fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis" pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
$55— ELEGANT piano for sale on $5 install-
ments; cost $400. Call 1115 Post st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for mineral 0i1— 36 New Montgom-
ery St., San Francisco, Cal., April 18. 1899.
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard
time). May 20, 1599, for furnishing and storing
here 300.000 gallons Mineral Oil, 135 degree*
flash test. In cases of two five-gallon cans
each. The United States reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Mineral
Oil." and addressed OSCAR F. LONG. Assist-
ant Quartermaster United States Army, Depot
Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for drayage— General depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. April 19. 1899.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. for the fiscal year commencing
. July 1. 1899. will be received at this office ;
until 11 o'clock a. m. on Saturday, the 20th !
day of May. 1899. and then opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master. U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
~ '. LEGAL NOTICES.
THE Alaska Glasgow Gold Mine, Limited, in
liquidation.
NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS.
Notice Is hereby given that all persons hold-
ing shares in this company are required to
lodge, on or before the 31st of -May, 1599. with
the subscriber, the official liquidator of the
company, duly appointed by the Court of Ses-
sion, or with his solicitors, MESSRS. WIL-
LIAM BAIRD & CO., 83 West Regent street,
Glasgow, their names, addresses, numbers of
share certificates held, and designating num-
bers of such shares.
Shareholders falling to comply with this
notice may bo excluded from participating In
the division of the company's assets.
- . T. F. McEWAN, C. A..
Official Liquidator.
121 West Regent street, Glasgow, April
1899.
NOTICE. ~ ~
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899.- the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application in writing
in the offlce of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature, and de- •
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the. filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
' Therefore, all persons having any Interest
in the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1899, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition. .
. ln ' testimony whereof , I have hereunto set
my hand and the official seal of said court
this the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A.. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Officio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
. Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
■ Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY REAL ESTATE. '
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
: •;.- ;-.. BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
MOVED TO 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS. ALL SIZES
AND PRICES..
Cheap; Van Ness aye., west side, near Union:
50x110:3, $5500; or 25x110:9, $2750; street accepted.
Elegant marine view; 'vallejo st. lots, north
side, between Webster and Fillmore; 30x137:6;
$1800; or any size front: near Flllmore-st. cars;
Pacific aye. and Union st. cars 2 blocks off.
Oak St., facing the Park; lots 25x137:6 $2250
each; street paved; electric cars pass; between
Baker and Lyon sts.
Oak st., near Clayton ; 2 : lots. . 25x137 :6 ; $2600
each; street sewered, bitumenized, granite
curbs; stone' sidewalk. - "»•'
Five lots; 25x120. to rear st. ; south side of
O'Farrell, bet. Laguna- and Buchanan; $3750
each; or any size; fine' lots; street accepted.
Only two lots left: Gough st., bet. Grove and
Fulton; : 25x137:6; $3250; street . paved and ac-
cepted.
Fine view of bay; lots .0x100; $2150; De\-isa-
dero st., west side, bet. Green and Union.
Reduced to $1850 each; will be business street;
Fillmore, just north of Union; lots 24x100; stone
blocks down and sewer in; easy terms; Fill-
more, from Union to the bay, will be business
street. ?.'--.• t"V> r,-"Y: :'• ----^-: '■•*■■■
$1600: Masonic aye. lots: 27x113; bet. Waller
and Frederick; street paved. • ■' ' '
Union st., north side; grand view of bay;
cable cars pass; lots 25x137:6; from $1750 to $2200
each. './.--■_: ' •- - — - ,
Magnificent view; not to be shut out: Park
road; 25x150; $2100; street graded, macadamized
and sewered;. lVi blocks south of Haight St.;
facing Park. " • * ' '
Tremont aye:; 75x80: $3000; Frederick st. ; fine
view; or' slooo for 25xS0.
] WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOTS.
SW. cor. O'Farrell and Lacuna sts.; 40x100;
a fine corner; will pay well lf Improved: $8000.
SW. cor. Union and Devisadero; fine resi-
dence corner; marine view; 50x100;. $6250.
Cheap corner; $1650; reduced price: SW.- cor.
Webster and Filbert; 25x100; one block from
Unlon-st. cars. ...• ...
Cheap corner: fine view; corner Ridley and
Alpine, bet. Devisadero and Broderick; on side
hill; 32:8x84:4; only $1250.
Golden Gate aye. and Lott: NE. corner; 60x
100; only $3500. -.-r.-- .-•-•-;
MISSION HOUSES AND LOTS.
Reduced. to $5500; Stevenson; St.; -rents. $54; 3
2-story and basement houses and lot 50x70.
$2100; 24th st., bet. Valencia and Guerrero;
25x109, and cottage; street accepted. ' .
Very cheap; rents $30; $3500; Ridley St., bet.
Valencia and Guerrero; 30x80; 2-story houses;
5 rooms and bath each: rented cheap.
$2000: Cottages and lots. 25x100; 34th St., 100
feet from Mission st. and electric cars; easy
terms. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
':'. '.Y\ Moved to 5 Montgomery st.
$5000 EACH— Worth $7000; for sale, 2 elegant
dwellings on . Ashbury Heights, just com-
pleted, each containing 14 ffhished rooms and
bath, with attic and basement; finest marine
and park view; lots 25x100; take Haight-st.
or any park electric cars to Masonic aye., 1
block south of Frederick st. Particulars at
premises.
BARGAIN; offer wanted; almost new cottage,
4 large rooms and basement; street complete;
$100 cash, $10 monthly; best part of Mission;
if you don't secure this you should be with-
out a home. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery
St., room 7. :;?;'■ \Y&-
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell,
then call on XV. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
FOR sale or exchange; corner lot: 75x86:3;
house: $5500. G. W. H. PATTERSON CO..
1706 Market st.
$1475— 8 AY-WINDOW cottage; brick founda-
tion; stable; near cars. B„ box 816. Call.
____________________________________
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MERRY HILL property, 51/. acres, overlooking
city of Paso Robles, in western suburbs: fine
mineral water; excellent location for resort
or slimmer residence. For full particulars
address box F. Paso Rohles, Cal.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, barn and' well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
FOR sale, Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake. Van-
couver Island: unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised ln dry season of 1897-98 addtess THE
COTATI CO.. $02 California it 3. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and cck farm*.
W. D HOLCOM * CO. 20 m--.-<-— -— «t.
PROPERTY WANTED:
SMALL home near railroad station In Alameda.
Address box 865, Call office."
WANTED, quick. 9 • r 10-room house and lot;
have cash buyer; $9000 to $10,000. J. J. EVANS,
Real Estate Agent. 630 Market st.
COTTAGE. 4 to 6 rooms: wanted quick; cash:
$2000. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate Agent, 630
Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal:' no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6"4 per cent on real estate. 2d
nnd 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. P.. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels.
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper _ Kreiger. 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
Without indorser TOX'SLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing,
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, plaros, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
— _——— ——_—■— i ——i — — — — — — -^ _^_^_^_—
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED to borrow on Improved real estate,
$1500 at 7 per cent: assessed value $2500. Box
s-i?,. Call. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE KOK MALE.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR MAI.B.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JU^T^A^F;EW~LT^FT\~BrT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4. 5, 6, 7 room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments,
just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms;- no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
St.. San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days. t
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
NICE sunny furnished room to one or two gen-
tlemen, 2 blocks from Grand st. depot. 1606
Pacific aye.. Alameda.
; ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
FURNISHED room with board in private fam-
ily; convenient to both trains; references.
I""! Regent st., Alameda.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Sth at.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1200— 6-ROOM cottage; lot 40x106; street work
■ done: near station; must be sold at once;
parties leaving for East.
New 5-room house; street work done; will
take a lot anywhere as part payment: a bar-
gain. NAMANNY & ROBINSON, Lorin, Cal.
WE offer very desirable lots handy to electric
cars and local station for only $450; same on
paved street, $550; only $20 down and $10
monthly: will lend money to build homes.
We offer a modern 9-room house on large
lot. paved street, close to University and
Berkeley station, for $3650. O. G. MAY _ CO.,'
2123 Center st.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
A VERY choice business corner store, with 5
living rooms adjoining; large barn, shed and
chicken house and yard.
A large lot. well Improved, situated on the
Oakland and Haywards electric road; will
sell at a great bargain: everything in fine
condition: see It and make us an offer. PIT-
TOOK, Real Estate, opp. power house. Elm-
hurst.
SEWING MACHINES. ~
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap.
repairing guaranteed 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. nted; re-
pairing at lowest ; rates. 205 Fourth st. i,-r .-;>..
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 8-5-855 Market St.; tei. South 2151
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor, Chronicle building: no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn: moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 8 to- 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room .604. Emma Spreckels bldg.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. XV.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. XV.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Leon dcs Chatre and Marie Rodigou 34-29
John G. Menton and Catherine Kennedy . .2s-2")
Eletto Domeniehinl and Rosina 81anch!.. 23-23
James P. Rasmussen and Josie C. Sims. 25-18
Peter F. Gleeson and Amelia Dapello 19-20
Nelson L. A. Cody and Anna M. Nelson.. sl-30
Luigl Chlapparl and Catrelna Chlapparl ...3S-2S
BIRTHS— MARRIA-ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOWEN— Alameda, May 11. 1599. to the wife
of R. A. Bowen of Glennvllle, Cal., a son.
MARRIED.
DABERER— KERN— Oakland. May 15, I<*99.
at the residence of Mr. Blessing, by the Rev.
J. H. Thelss. Max Anton Daberer of San'
Francisco and Hermine Kern of Oakland.
FOX— FRASF.R— In this city. May 18, 1899, by
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.D., Robert L. Fox
of Seattle, Wash., and Llbble Marlon Fraser
of Nova Scotia.
FLOOD— MILLER— In Skaguav. May 5. 1899, by
the Rev. J. a. Sinclair, Fred B. Flood and
Leila Ada Miller.
MAYERS— DOANE— In this city. May 17. 1899;
by the Rev. R. Mackenzie. D.D., George H.
Mayers and Esther M. Doane. i- •::■--'
THOMAS— BINGHAM— In this city, May 17,
1899, by the Rev. C. E. Locke, D.D., Henry E.
Thomas and Dora Bingham, both of San
Francisco.
~ DIED.
Bulger, William Gordon, Alicia M.
Baker, Thomas F. Haskell. Sarah A.
Beck, Henry Kilpatrlck. Andrew
Carmody, Katie McGinn, Mrs. A. M.
Cassidy, John R. Mullarky, Mary
Cronin, James Prendergast, Mary E.
Dunn, Thomas M. Sargentson, Richard
Eisenbach, Adolph Smith, Henry E.
Flynn, Thomas J. Tsikoores, Peter P.
Walls, John
BULGER— In this city. May 16, 1899, William,
beloved husband of Margaret Bulger, father
of Lizzie, Willie. Joe and George Bulger, sou
of Elizabeth and the late Captain John Bul-
ger, brother of James and John Bulger,
and brother-in-law of Richard J. and William
-Cousins and Mrs. Annie E. McVicker. a na-
tive of Wexford, Ireland, aged 41 years.
""-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 57 Chesley street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BAKER— In this city. May 17. 1899, Thomas
Francis, beloved son of Mrs. Elizabeth Baker.
and brother of David, Robert and Richard
Baker and Mrs. E. W. Kirk, a native of
Dlrmoleague, County Cork, Ireland, aged 2"!
years. .- *,. >.".".'.,.
(—^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullyinvited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Twentieth and
Guerrero streets.
BECK— In South San Francisco, at Bay View.
May 17, 1899. Henry,, dearly beloved husband
of Mary Beck, and beloved father of Fred.
Henry Jr. and the late John Beck, a native
of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 66 years 3
months and 6 days.
CARMODY— In this city. May 17. 1899, Katie
Carmody. dearly beloved and only sister of
Mrs Thomas Madlgan, a native of Pier-
mount. N. V., aged 38 years.
It—^Friend!* and acquaintances are respect-
fully .Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, fmm the residence
of her sister, Mrs. T." Madlgan. 40 Hoff aye-
nue, thence to Mission Dolores Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
CASSIDY— In this city, May IS. 1599, John R..
beloved son of Hugh and Margaret Cassidy,
and brother of Frank. Thomas and Eugenia
Cassidy and Sarah Collins, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years and 10 months.
[T_rFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1326 Natoma street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo Church, for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CRONIN— In this city May 18. 1899, James, be-
loved son of Cornelius Cronln, and brother of
Mrs. William Braman. Mrs. Henry Geary
and the late Cornelius Cronin, a native of
Australia, aged 40 years.
DUNN— Sonoma. May IS. ISOf. Thomas M.
Dunn, a native of I/"iig Island, aged 75 years
10 months and 13 days.
EISENBACH— In this city, May 18, 1899,
Adolph, beloved husband of Ulna Eisenbach.
father of Julius and David Eisenbach, and
brother of Mrs. Lena Stelnhardt, a native of
Bavaria. Germany, aged 62 years 8 months
and 19 days. (New York papers please copy.)
FLYNN— In this city. May 16. 1899, Thomas J.,
son of the late Anthony and Elizabeth Flynn,
and brother of the late Fred V. Flynn, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 38 years and 8
months
The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late residence,
£9 Pleasant street, between Jones and Taylor,
Sacramento and Clay, thence to 'St. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
GORDON— In this city. May 18, 1599. Alicia
Moore, dearly beloved wife of James Gordon.
and mother of Gretta and Ruby Gordon, a
native of Ireland,' aged 3. years.
HASKELL— In this city. May IS. 1899, Sarah
Alice, beloved daughter of Nellie Anderson
and the late Eben Haskell, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 11 months and 24
days. -',".',' '
__"*The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1:90 o'clock, from the residence
of the grandmother. Mrs. Ellen Barn. 16
Folsom street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KILPATRICK-In this city. Andrew Rilpat-
rick. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years. ; s
McGINN— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Mrs Annie M. McGinn at St. T^natlos •/'hur'-h
this day (Friday), commencing at 8 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfuilv
Invited to attend.
MULLARKY— In this city. May 17. 1899, —ML
beloved wife of Thomas Mullarky. mother of
Veronica _ Martin IT.. Thomas C. and John
Mullarky. and sister of Mrs Edward Mul-
larky and William Flatley, a native of cioon-
lee, parish of Knock. County Mayo. Ireland,
aged .37 years. (Chicago and New York pa-
pers please copy.)
[r~*"*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 248 Clara street, between Fifth and
Sixth; thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
10:45 train, leaving Third and Townsend
streets.. . •
PRENDERGAST— In this city. May 18. 1899, at
her residence. 319 Hayes street. Mary E.. be-
loved wife of John J. Prendergast, a native
of Ireland.
.-""Notice of funeral hereafter.
• n_r Notice of funeral hereafter.
SARGENTSON— In this city, May 18, 1899,
'Richard Godfrey Sargentson. "Blind Bob,"
a native of Owston Ferry, Lincolnshire, Eng-
land, aged 65 years and 9 months. ."
SMITH— In this' city. May IS. 1899, Henry E..
beloved husband of Bridget Smith, and
father of Herbert. John. William and Charles
Smith, Mrs. H. -. Gille and the late Peter
and James Smith, a native. of Holland, aged
64 years 8 months and 8 days.
TSIKOORES— In this city. May IS, 1893, Peter
P., . dearly beloved husband of Annie
Tsikoores. and father of Mrs. J. Peterson,
Mrs. A. Constantine, Mrs. S. Angle, Mrs. V.
Alexandroff and George P. Tsikoores, a na-
tive of Skyrio, Greece, aged 66. years and 10
months. ■»
, Notice of funeral hereafter.
WALLS— Entered into rest In this city. May 18,
1899, John, • dearly beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Walls, and father Of John A. Walls, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 67 years. --..;
WOLFF— In this city. May 18, 1899, Barbara,
beloved wife of Julius 'Wolff, and mother of
Mrs. Mildred Donahue. Miss Matty James
and Claudy James, a- native of Rio Vista, So-
lano County, Cal., aged 46 years.
--"■Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2' o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMi:AL_EJ_,
10 Fifth St.. opposite Llncola School.
T.l.pb.n. South (0.
McAVOY __ CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market et. between Sth and B*_ n
!■ v-v.-... -.-. Telephone. South 247. /; \ ___ 3
____■_—_——_——_— ______ «__•____■_ .:■'■■•'. •«___
1112
FRUIT GROWERS
ASK QUESTIONS
OF HUNTINGTON
He Must Declare His Relations
With the Armour-Porter-
Earl Combine.
Convention Will Open Tuesday in Sacra-
mento and Will Be the Biggest Con-
clave of Orchardists Ever Held
in California.
RT'SS D. STEPHENS, leader of those
who have taken up the fight for
the fruit growers against the Ar
mour-Earl-Porter refrigerator ear
combine, came down from Sacra-
mento yesterday and submitted to
Mr. Bproule, traffic manager of the South
ern Pacific, a typewritten list of questions
to be answered by him or his superiors.
They will give rise to a deal of conference
and a lot of hard figuring in the yellow
building before the grow convention
begins on Tuesday next.
The questions submitted by Mr.
Stephens yesterday are those framed by
the committee of fruit growers which met
in Sacramento last Tuesday: They are
pertinent inquiries as to the position the
Southern Pacific has decided to take be
tween the big fruit trust that has been
set up and the growers. Whether they he
answered or whether not the result will
be the same. Mr. Huntington will be com
pelled to show his hand, and once it is
shown the associated orchardists will
know how to best play their cards.
Precisely what the questions are Mr.
Stephens, as a matter of policy, declines
to say. "Just what the questions are I
must decline to make public." said he.
"I can say, however, thai generally they
are as to what refrigerator car service
the Southern Pacific could furnish the
fruit growers should they decide to ask
for it: how the company is fixed on cars
suitable to the business; whether or not
it would carry over its lines the cars of
some ono or other of the Eastern fruit
transportation companies, and other ques
tions of a similar nature.
"In fact." continued he, "we have asked
every question that could arise should we
decide to organize an independent trans
portation company of our own or con
summate a deal with some Eastern asso
ciation not now doing business in the
State nor tied up to the Earl and Porter
gang. '
Mr. Stephens spent the better part of
two ours in discussing his list with Mr
Sproule and Mr. Shepherd, the assistant
traffic manager, and both officials prom
ised him he should have an answer to
each of his inquiries in time to submit
them to the convention on Tuesday. Upon
the position in the matter taken or to be
AMPLE POWER
FOR A MODERN
ELECTRIC PLANT
•
Contracts Signed for
Contracts Signed for
Machinery.
The energy displayed by the Independ
ent Electric Light and Power Com]
of San Francisco gives assurance that
the Immense plant for the generation of
light and power will be installed and
ready for active operation within ten
months.
The company has closed a contract with
Babcoi & Wilson for boilers to develop
8000 horsepower.
Mcintosh & Seymour of Auburn, X. v.,
have contracted to supply the company
with three engines of 2400 horsepower
each, and two engines of 150 horsepower
each. The contract specifies that com
pound and condensing engines contain
ing the latest and best appliances shall
be furnished. . .
The Westingbouse Manufacturing Com
pany obtains the contract for the dyna
mos, which are to be directly connected
with the engines.
A contract ha ber-n entered Into with
the Standard Underground Cable Com
pany tor cables to be used In the distri
bution of lipht and power.
Before these Important contracts were
signed the experts and engineers of the
recently Incorporated company made a
thorough study of the latest types of ma
chinery and appliances. Claus Spreckels
WILL DRILL TO-NIGHT FOR
A BEAUTIFUL TROPHY
** I\ /T EMRERS °f thP Tjpa^ue of the Cross Cadets, arrayed in their full
►* panoply of war- march and countermarch, maneuver and full
panoply of war. will march and countermarch, maneuver and go
* IYJL throUßh their highly interesting tactics at Mechanics' Pavilion to-night
?3 for the edification of their friends and in the hope that a number of
4 judges of military tactics will confer the officers' beautiful trophy on their
.* company. The young men who compose this splendid organization are |m
■ waiting for the signal to fall
n and begin the battle for supremacy.
["he excitement runs high between the
•epresentatives of the various par-
ties. Hard drilling during the past
'ear has brought them all to a high
state of efficiency and they are all
>ager to show their friends and toi
lers that "they" are the crack com-
pany of the regiment.
Mechanics' Pavilion should be
ranged to-night' judging by the big
idvance sale already recorded. The
ague of the Cross Regiment has in-
numerable friends and the latter have
purchased tickets for the big enter-
alnment. The regiment has also won
'or Itself the distinction of being one
)f the finest equipped and best drilled
ganlzations in the State. This fact
ill induce all lovers of martial dis-
play to attend their annual drill to-
night.
The doors will be opened at 7
clock, and promptly at 7:30 p. m.
iss.-.sa's Band will entertain the au-
ence with patriotic and popular
nusic. Company G will present its in-
teresting saber drill and the Hospital
_orps will give an exhibition illustrat-
ng its work on the field and first aid
to the injured.
Owing to the recent incorporation
of the regiment it will be necessary
•* that the League of the Cross Cadets be mustered in as part of the corpora
♦ tion. This interesting ceremony will be enacted this evening. It is also ex
•* pected that Major General Shafter will be present with his staff and that he
* will review the regiment. Other distinguished clerical and municipal offi
\' cials have also been invited to lend their presence. The trophy to be award
j» ed the best Drilled company is known as the. officers' trophy, it having been
« presented by the board of officers of the regiment.  - : i; - -
.? ■-•-: , •?..;..'
* • - ♦ •.♦•.♦?.♦-.♦% *»•.♦•.♦ !.♦-.♦..♦ »♦»•»♦_ ♦„♦„♦„ ■H.<»»8.«„*B
taken by the Southern Pacific will hinge
most of the business which the conven
tion has been called to transact.
If the Southern Pacific can and will
accept fruit at the old refrigerating rate
or will permit the travel of Eastern com
panies over its system then the matter
is practically settled and the growers will
have no fight on their hands. If the
Southern Pacific will not do these things.
if present indications develop into fact
and the company stands with the Ar
mour-Earl-Porter gang to Ret all the
traffic will bear and a mortgage to boot.
then the growers have a fight on their
hands and one of no mean proportions.
Tuesday will settle finally for peace or
war. and judging from the great jangling
of fighting harness and the war songs
going up from the country press of the
State the growers have little expectation
that It will be anything else man fight.
And by the word of Etuss Stephens mm
self they are prepared to tight. "This
convention will be the. biggest and most
unanimous demonstration the growers of
this State have ever made," said he last
night. "We are getting word that Its
owner is going to be on hand from about
every orchard in the State. T..e old fear
that the railroad company will reta'lat.
to the disadvantage or ruin of the indi
vidual who has taken a prominent part
seems to have utterly disappeared, and
the growers are* coming out in the open
to stand together squareiy on tne Issue.
"They realize, as I do myself," con
tinued he. "that this is not solely a mat
ter of to-day. I could probably subserve
my own Immediate Interests best by
quitting righting right now, but where. In
that case. I might make a few thousand
more on my year's crop I would be set
ting a precedent that In the years to come
might cost my children not only their
crops but the land they grow them on.
"The fruit grower of this State has as
much right as any other man to make
all his Invested money will bring. It's the
pay for the work he's done and the debt
nature owes every man who plants a
tree. The Earls or the Porters or the
Armours have no right to take their tithe
purely by the power that- lies in com
bination. These people rely upon the
growers for their living and yet we have
permitted them to establish themselves
in a position to dictate to us whether or
not there shall be profit on our crops.
We have the power if we will only realize
It to force them to act in their legal ca
pacity as carriers and not masters, and
that's what this convention is called for."
and his associates of the company Intend
that the plant shall represent the best
qualities of modern equipment for the de
velopment of light and power.
THE PULLMAN CAR EXCURSION
TO MT. SHASTA AND VICINITY.
Large Demand for Reservations.
As was expected the simple an-
nouncement that the Southern Pacific
Company would run a Pullman car ex-
cursion to the famous Shasta region
on June 3 has brought forth a large
inquiry and the request for reserva
tions at this early date has assumed
such proportions -that it will be neces-
I sary to positively limit the number of
passengers that can be accommodated
on this train, consequently those who
intend taking this delightful trip and
have not made their reservations had
better do so, as it is quite likely the
sale of tickets will have to be stopped
several days prior to the departure of
the train.
It is unnecessary to add to what has
already been said in regard to the sub
lime scenery and other attractions of
the Shasta route. To those who have
never visited that region a rare treat
is now presented.
ASK FOR MORE PAY.
The commissioners who were recently
appointed to appraise the property in the
district proposed to be covered by the ex
tension to the panhandle appeared before
the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday and asked that the
compensation for their services be in
creased from $500 to $2000.
The members of the Street . Committee
considered the request to be a reasonable
on* and will recommend to the board that
' the pay of the commissioners he increased
! to the amount named. The commissioners
are G. H. Umbsen. J. R. Howell. H. C.
' Robinson. A. J. Ralsch and S. H. Kent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 19,. 1899.
PACIFIC MAIL
PLOT EXPOSED
AT the "Washington end of the hatchet-
men's line it Is reported that C. P.
Huntington and his associates in the
business of landing coolie labor into
the United States are trying to undermine
Chinese Inspector Gardiner of this city.
A reliable authority from Washington
states that the charge has been made that
Dr. Gardiner willfully misinterprets Chi
nese letters Introduced in evidence, and
solely for the purpose of preventing the
landing of applicants and of besmirching
the reputations of Meredith, Huntington
and their official and other backers. The
plot leaked out in time, however, for the
friends of the doctor and for the mission
ary societies to -take the necessary steps
to counteract this stab in the dark, and
they will endeavor to secure the publica
tion of the translations of certain letters
found on the person of a Chinese mer
chant returning from the Orient on the
steamer China several months ago. These
letters were from a Chinese broker to
another person, and spoke of the manner
in -which the ring had succeeded, through
the Influence of the Pacific Mail, In land
ing a large number of Chinese persons
who were not entitled to admission into
this country. Names of the persons land
ed were given and the means by which
they had been landed were set forth fully.
The letters told of bribery having been
resorted to successfully and the price of
landing a Chinese person was stated to
bo from $40 to $50, the money being paid
'TWAS A SMALL
BULLET, BUT IT
DID THE WORK
Sudden Suicide of an
Unknown Man.
With a small caliber target pistol an
| unknown man succeeded In killing him-
I self yesterday about noon. He had en-
tered a small shooting-gallery on Dupont
street, and under the pretext of taking
! some shots at the target there he asked
| and was given a 22-callber pistol and four
; cartridges. He raised the pistol for his
first shot, and after two or three attempts
to aim he turned it quickly toward him
-1 self and fired. The bullet entered his
head through the right temple. He fell
unconscious to the lloor and four hours
later he died at the Receiving Hospital.
There was nothing on the person or in
; the pockets of the suicide which would
give the slightest Idea of his Identity. He
was a man of medium height, sandy
hair and a small sandy mustache,
sunburned, rough. calloused hands.
He was a workingman, from his clothes
and hands, and those who saw him just
before he killed himself say he spoke like
i a Swede. There was no money in his
pockets, nor papers nor cards of any
i kind. He was not known in the vicinity
of the place where he shot himself, and
the last hour of his life he spent In drink-
ing in the Dupont-street saloons and In
patronizing the two shooting galleries on
Dupont street, between Bush and Pine.
His first known appearance on the
street was made from Al White's saloon,
which he had entered a few minutes be-
fore in search of a drink. He was cvi-
dently intoxicated.. Leaving White's he
went across to Wolf's shooting gallery,
then in charge of a plucky young woman
named Agnes _acAlee. He asked for a
: pistol with which to do some shooting,
and as she saw he was drunk she refused
to let him have one. "We never let a
man handle a pistol when he has been
drinking," she afterward explained. lie
took a small rifle instead and made three
poor attempts at the target. He was quite
nervous. -. * ,
After that the man went up the street
two doors and Into a Swiss saloon, where
he said he had come for a match. He was
singing a maudlin song, which the people
in the place took to he Swedish. Accept-
ing an invitation to drink he finished a
glass of beer and then went down the
street to H. C. Josselyn's shooting gal-
lery, where he took three Indifferent
shots with a pistol. Then he went up to
Wolfe's place again and once more asked
for a pistol. The girl in charge refused
to give him one. He was told to shoot
with a riile or not at all. He accepted the
; rifle, and tried to turn it as if he wished
i to look down the barrel. The girl grasped
'it and pointed the weapon toward the
; targets, with a word of warning, and
after three shots he left. He was cvi-
dently drunk, and she thought nothing
'of his queer actions.
His next appearance- was at Josselyn s.
He came in again and called for a pistol.
He was given one and it was loaded for
him. As Josselyn watched him he point-
ed the weapon toward the targets, drew
I It back again and then again pointed it,
and then, before Josselyn could stop him,
■ I he turned the muzzle and shot himself.
In falling he dropped the pistol on the
I counter.
, 1 The body was taken from the Receiving
, , Hospital to the Morgue, there to await
Identification. ' -
PRINTER DYER MISSING,
AND MAY BE DROWNED
INQUIRIES MADE BY ANXIOUS
RELATIVES.
His Description Fits That of the Man
Found Drowned in the Bay Last
Saturday Morning.
-.-■ .:-■.■-■.'-.'
A letter from Cliff B. Rushmer of An
■ gels Camp, Calaveras County, received by
Coroner Hill yesterday tends to cast light
j upon the Identity of a man found drowned
lin the bay last Saturday morning. The
body had been in the water for two or
three weeks and was very much decom-
posed, the features being unrecognizable.
The remains were kept the usual three
days for Identification and then taken by
the city undertaker for interment.
Mr. Ftushmer believes that the deceased
was Clarence Edmund Dyer, a relative, a
member of the San Francisco branch of
the Typographical Union and formerly of
the Call "chapel." His description of Mr.
Dyer and the clothing he wore tallies al
most to a dot with the body found In the
bay. When Dyer left Angels Camp on
April 8 he wore canton flannel underwear
and three undershirts. He had with him
also a silver-plated spoon with the plating
worn off the bottom of the bowl and a
two-bladed penknife with bone handle, a
piece having been chipped off the handle.
The man found drowned had on three
undershirts and two pairs of canton fian
nej drawers, a spoon of the same de.
scription given above and a two-bladed
penknife, but the handle was not chipped.
Dyer was about 5 feet 9 Inches tall, and
the Morgue officials guessed his height
at about 6 feet. It is not customary to
measure corpses,* and the guess may not
have been correct. Dyer was seen in
Golden Gate Park about' three or four
weeks ago by a brother printer, whom he
informed that he intended to leave this
city the next day. The missing man had
been rather "queer' in his actions for
about a year, and it was believed among
his associates that he was losing his rea
son. '":■', , >, — . .
Nothing has been heard of Dyer since
he was seen in the park. He is unmarried
and has a married sister . residing at
Gllroy. -.."■■ -: '
Yesterday's Insolvent.
XV. F. Dare of . Sacramento, carpenter.
Liabilities, $1423 70; assets, none.
to a subordinate official of
house. • vi-'
- letters were placed in the hands of
Dr. Gardiner for translation, and when
the result became known "to the persons
entitled to know it there was much per
turbation of soul among certain officials.
The papers were examined by Special
Agents Smith and Llnck and the originals
and the translations were sent to Wash
ington, and are now in possession of the
Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary
was asked by a Call correspondent a day
or two ago whether such letters making
the reflections on the Pacific Mail Com
pany and others were in his possession,
and he replied that they were but that
their contents could not be made public
at the present time.
The Plot against Dr. Gardiner is of
about the caliber of a primary ward meet
ing. He is accused of being incompetent
as an interpreter and translator of Chi
nese, and of misinterpreting letters and
other documents while actuated by re
ligious bigotry against that people. Dr.
Gardiner's reputation as a Chinese
scholar is national,- his knowledge of the
vernacular extending to all the dialects
represented by the Chinese in Amc_ica.
It was supposed that the charge of in
competency or malice was to be backed
up by substituting for original Chinese
documents falsified copies, containing
matter which would prove their charge
against the doctor. But this scheme was
thwarted by the fact that Dr. Gardiner
had enlarged photographic copies of the
letters made for his protection, and upon
his statement to the Secretary of the
Treasury of his reason for so doing the
Secretary ordered the bill paid out of the
Government funds.
The letters show conclusively that the
BOLD CROOKS
LOCKED UP IN
THE TANKS
Accused of Stealing
Valuable Booty.
Through the efforts of Detectives Ryan
and O'Dea. of the Southern station, three
ex-convicts are iocked up in the "tanks,"
accused of stealing $1500 worth of goods
which had been placed in charge of the
Southern Pacific Company. Early Sun
day evening several boxes of silks and
other dress material were turned over to
the railroad company to be shipped to the
Interior. The boxes were duly receipt, d
for and placed on the wharf at the foot
of Market street. A short time afterward
one of the clerks In the employ of the i
railroad company went to get the boxes
and was surprised to find them gone. He
made an investigation, with the result
that he learned that live men were seen
climbing over the wharf from a rowhoa:
and taking possession of the good*l. They
then lowered the boxes into their boat
and quickly rowed away from the scene.
The robbery was at once reported to the
police, and Detectives Ryan and ODea
were detailed to arrest the thieves. By
dint of inquiry the detectives ascertained
that the boat which the men used In get
ting away with the boxes was stolen from
a boatman near the sugar refinery.
Last night Ryan and ODea arrested
three ex-convicts who they say were im
plicated in the robbery. Their names are
Jean Grossette, Harry Williams and John
Ryan. They are opium fiends, and are
known as desperate men. To-day the de
tectives expect to capture the other men
who were implicated in the crime. In
('rosette's room, on Mission street, a por
tion of the stolen property was found.
After being locked up ("rosette made a
confession in which he declared that Wil
liams had planned the robbery and
threatened to kill his accomplices if they
revealed his name to the police.
Williams. was released from Folsom
about three months ago. where he had
served a four year term tor robbery.
POOR WIDOW
COMPELLED TO
SUE CORRIGAN
Paltry Sum Involved
in the Suit.
Kd Corrigan, the discredited racetrack
gambler and turf Jonah, is to be haled
into the Justice Court, where he will be
made, much against his will, the central
figure in a suit wherein he figures __ a
man who seeks to defraud a poor widow
of her small earnings. While the amount
of money involved is not large, it means
much to the woman who is the plaintiff in
the action, and at the same time it serves
to expose for the benefit of the public
the true character of the late director
general of the Ingleslde gambling resort.
The action in question is a suit in at
tachment filed yesterday in the Justice
Court against < !orriga_ by Mrs. Gertrude
Ray held, proprietress of the Oceanslde
House, near the ingleslde track. The
amount of money sought to be recovered
is $S9 83. --J w_ " YY.-.V-
I. ess than a year ago, as alleged in the
complaint, Corrigan went to Mrs. Ray
field and contacted with her for the use
of seven stalls in a barn connected with
the Oceanside House. He wanted them,
lie said, for the accommodation of sev
eral horses which he did not wish to
stable at the racetrack. For the use of
the stalls he agreed to pay a monthly
rental of $5. He was given possession and
used the stalls for the purpose stated for
a period of seven weeks, incurring an In
debtedness of $40 83.' At. the same time he
rented from Mrs. Rayfield a kitchen con
nected with the hostelry for the use of
his help. For the rent of this kitchen he
agreed to pay $1 per day. He had posses
sion of the kitchen for forty-nine days,
thus incurring an indebtedness of $49.
When Mrs. Ray field sought to collect
what was due her from -Corrigan he put
her off first with one excuse and then
with another, though it was represented
to him that his refusal to pay seriously
embarrassed the landlady. After spend
ing weary days and months in an endeavor
to collect what was due her Mrs. Rayfield
was finally forced to . accept the conclu
sion. that the master of Hawthorne In
tended to defraud . her. , In- her distress
she applied to Attorneys William B.
Crocker. and Eugene D. Sullivan and they
undertook to force. payment by means of
suit and attachment. The suit was filed
yesterday, and Corrigan will he required
to tell under oath why he seeks to. avoid
payment of a debt to a defenseless
woman. '.:'*-'.-..!•. '?
Thieving Lottery Ticket Man.
Ah Sing, who sold lottery 'tickets and
stole money and articles of jewelry; from
houses he visited, was ■ yesterday sent to
the County Jail for six months by Judge
Graham. He stole a purse containing
money and' valuable papers from Mrs.
Ford. 332 Golden Gate avenue. ;
A delightful ride through Marin, Santa
Rosa, Russian River and Ukiah valleys
is in store for those who take advantage
of the excursion to Ukiah Sunday, May 21.
Round trip only $2. •
Pacific Mall was influencing the work of
the Chinese Bureau, and that if Gardiner
and Lynch were not in the bureau the
corporation and the slave dealers would
have had everything their #own way.
The Chinese brokers and slave dealers,
discomfited by the breaking up of the
Pacific Mail Bureau for the arlmlssion of
Chinese passengers by Mr. Huntington's
line of steamers, have resorted to a new
dodge to thwart the efforts of the United
States authorities to keen their chattels
from landing. In order to avoid the fatal
contradiction between the statements of
the immigrants on board the steamers to
the Chinese Bureau officials and the testi
mony of the brokers' hatchet men be
fore the bureau, thel' now procure writs
of habeas corpus for passengers before
the bureau has had an opportunity of ex
amining the. applicants. The Immigrant
is then taken before United States Com
missioner Heacock and tells his story. As
it is his first story there will be nothing
In the way of any previous statement by
which he and his witnesses may be con
tradicted, and the Commissioner Is often
obliged to recommend the court "to allow
the applicant to land. '-■■■-■
Commissioner Heacoek spoke his mind
freely in court yesterday upon this mat
ter. His desire was to call the attention
of the courts to the new phase of the
Chinese Iniquity. He hoped that some
means might be found whereby a stop
might be put to the practice which had
for its object only the nullification of the
purpose for which the exclusion act was
made a law. It is rather a delicate mat
ter, as every person claiming to be a na
tive of the United States has a right to
immediate relief by habeas corpus, and
drastic measures will no doubt be neces
sary to checkmate the schemers.
HUNTINGTON
STILL LOVES
KRUTTSCHNITT
| Story of Animosity a
Romance.
— ♦ —
The story published a few days ago to
the effect that C. P. Huntington's admira
! tion for General Manager Kruttschnltt
was on the wane emanated from a coterie
| In the yellow building and was not based
! on a knowledge of inside facts.
The yellow building is the abode of
many cliques. While all recognize alle
giance to the president of the Southern
Pacific some Intrigue to establish them
selves in his favor by the crude plan of
"knocking" others.
The tale regarding Mr. Huntington's
loss of faith In Mr. Kruttschnltt was told
to stir up a little animosity between the
president of the company- and the general
manager of the operating system. No
doubt Mr. Huntington is not quite satis
fied with the. maim in which the op
erating department of his company Is
managed. He would be a queer sort of
railroad man if he fancied that the man
agement could not be improved. Surely It
has come to his knowledge that the trains
bound for San Francisco are so frequent
ly behind time that an arrival of a train
at the mole on time Is an event rather
than an Incident.
In a general way he may hold Mr.
Kruttscbnltt responsible for these de
linquencies, but perhaps he reflet is that
on the Atlantic system, which is also un
der the supervision of the general man
ager, the operating _ervlce is commend
able.
The Southern Pacific is divided into ]
i three systems. The manager of the At- j
lantic system is XV. Q. Van Vleck, the :
' Oregon system is managed by R. Koelher
and our own cherished Pacific system is
, controlled by that rare antique, J. A. Fill
> more. All three are controlled by Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnitt.
Tourists coming to California do not
i begrudge the time passed on the rail, as
I the slow traveling affords opportunity for
j contemplating the delightful scenery of
mountain and valley, but business men ;
with important engagements to meet kick
against the time lost.
The management of the company is ;
talking seriously of introducing modern
railroad methods on the Pacific system. ;
Very few changes have been made, since j
the last spike was driven at Promontory.
The line has been shortened between San <
Francisco and Sacramento, but the in
crease of speed has been very slight. I
Things are going along in the same de-
lightful old fashion that characterized the
management of the road when Stanford
held court at Fourth and Townsend
streets and everybody closed shop to go .
to the railroad picnic.
Perhaps Mr. Kruttschnitt is not so ac
tive in pensioning the representatives of
the old regime as the president of the
company would wish. He may be re
strained by a clever and tender sense of
local propriety from smashing our Cali
fornia idols with one grand smash for the
sake of precision In the movement of
trains, but whatever the restraining In-
fluence may be he will be expected hence
forth to suppress sentiments of veneration
for old time methods and managers aim
bring the trains in according to the sched
ule. Some changes will be required to
effect this purpose and public announce
■ ment of the changes may not be long de-
layed. ■'./'., .-, ;.
When Mr. Huntington was casting about
for a general manager with the railroad
ability to fill the place rendered vacant
by the death of A. N. Towne he studied
j the situation carefully and deliberately.
The selection of Mr. Kruttschnltt was the
result of deliberate judgment. The story
of a failure on the general manager's
part to meet the expectations of the pres
ident is a romance of the yellow building.
BIG SCORES IN A HIGH WIND
A quartet of the best marksmen in Cal
ifornia met at Shell Mound Park yes
terday and shot a sporting match, 200
yards, at the 25"*4-lnch ring target.. De
spite a heavy wind the marksmanship
was of the highest class. , The men com
peting were: A. Strecker, John Utschig
Jr., F. P. Schuster and D. B. Faktor.
Mr. Faktor won, scoring 2149 rings in
one hundred shots. Two of his ten-shot
scores were among the highest on record.
being 232 and 23. out ot a possible 1.0
rings. Mr. Schuster was second with 2145
rings; Mr. Utschlg third, .134 rings, and
.Mr. Strecker fourth, 2114. The scores
'were all high.
A fifty-shot match between A. Jungblut
and N. Ahrens was won by Jungblut
with 1033 rings. ' ■: ..,
William Ehrenpfort, a veteran seventy-
three years of age, defeated the cracK
shots in a sweepstake match. F. E. Ma
son acted ac official scorer, while Philo
Jacoby was, as usual, indispensable.
Going to the Country.
\ You will see how nearly all the attract
ive resorts look in the Outing number of
S. F. News Letter Saturday. 40 pages,
beautifully illustrated, 10 cents. •
Prohibitionists to Meet.
The Prohibitionists of San • Francisco
and vicinity will meet in conference in
the Howard street Methodist Church next
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock. Rev. J.
W. Webb, the chairman of the executive"
committee, will -be present and preside*
S. P. Meade of the Oakland High
School,' Mrs. H. S. Taynton, the secretary
and many other workers are also expected
to be there. Mr. Webb is about to enter
upon a campaign throughout the State
beginning next week in Solano County'
and this meeting is to be the initiative of
his work. '«i.*.r*;_"? -~^Y- Y-Tr-:YY:Y.}Y
BAVARIAN CHINAWARE DAT.
• Some articles cut 60 p*>r cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS.' HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere. -;:
"TOMMY" KELLY STAYS
AWAY FROM COURT
The Police Clerk, Scenting
Trouble, Goes Into Hiding.
Grand Jury Finds That the Bonds of Ex-
Officer Blackman Were Written and
Signed by the Same Person.
THE police believe that '"Tommy"
Kelly, clerk of Judge Graham's
court, fearing unfavorable action
by the Grand Jury, has packed his
grip and left the city. For several
days he has absented himself from his
desk in Judge Graham's court, his duties
being fulfilled by Assistant Clerk Stout.
Last night he could not be found in his
accustomed haunts, although his friends
vigorously denied the report that he had
left the city.
It is 'known that the Police Court clerk
fears that the Grand Jury will Indict him
for malfeasance in office. His action In
the case of- "Strangler" Wilson, who was,
released on straw bonds accepted by him.
has proved a prolific subject of investiga
tion by the Grand Jury, and it was au
thoritatively said that an indictment
would be found against him. The police
believe that Kelly, scenting trouble, has
either gone into hiding or decamped for
parts unknown. v';'
Yesterday the Grand Jury continued Its
investigations into the methods of Kelly.
Assisted by Captain Seymour, who has
charge of the City Prison, the members
of that body took up the case of ex-Police
Officer Cassius Blackman, who was re
leased on straw bonds, and who lost no
time in placing himself beyond the reach
of the courts of this city. In December,
189S, Blackman, who was then a member
of the regular police "force, and a saloon
keeper named Frank Rood, were arrested
for robbing Cornelius Cronln, a miner
from Nevada, of 5160. Rood first secured
his release, and then proceeded to get
Blackman out of prison. With a man
CHINESE SLAVE
DEALERS FEAR
THE VIGILANTS
Their Vile Business
Menaced.
The Vigilant Society, orp-anized little
more than a week ago with the object,
anions other things, of clearing out the
slave pens of Chinatown, has not slum
bered on Its purpose. From the moment
that Its secretary, -I. __. Foote. received
a letter from Mayor Phelan. advising him
that a move would be made against the
houses of 111 fame in the .uongolian quar
ter as soon as information was furnished
concerning their location and ownership,
agents of the society, white and Chinese,
have been busily engaged in securing the
data requested..
Their task has not been an easy one.
The Chinese agents of the organization,
who are also members of the Chinese
Educational Society, have been especially
hampered in their task. More than that,
they have been threatened With death. A
price has been put on the heads of three
of them by the Bow Wah tong. an asso
ciation of keepers of houses of ill fame,
and the highbinders, whose existence de
pends on the profits from the slave pens,
are eager to earn the blood money. The
white special officers, employed in many
instances by the slave dealers, have also
done all they could within the last three
or four days to harass the emissaries of
the Vigilants. That they have not suc
ceeded is not their fault, but it is appar
ent from the report submitted yesterday
by the agents of the reform society,
which information has been forwarded in
a letter to Mayor Phelan. He should re
ceive it this morning and will probably
take the necessary action under the
statute to close the places pointed out.
Of the one hundred and fifty, odd houses
of ill-fame that honeycomb Chinatown a
list of at least seventy-five was submit
ted at yesterday's meeting of the *\ fgi
lants in the Sherman building. Clay and
Montgomery streets. Information con
cerning the other seventy-live had not
been verified and was withheld pending
further investigation. It was decided,
however, that the fight against yellow
vice should not be postponed, and the sec
retary was Instructed to forward at once
to Mayor Phelan the verified information
in the society's possession, so that some
progress might be made to ultimate puri
fication. * ~ -:
Six slave pens on Spofford alley are
pointed out. Their keepers are Wong
Quan. Leong Quay, Wong Quong, Gee
Ti. Wong Shee and Ah Goey.
ln St. Louis alley there are the houses
of Lou l Doon and Leong Gee.
In Ross alley the houses of ill-fame are
thickly grouped together. The secretary
of the Vigilant Society has forwarded to
the Mayor the names of the following
keepers of houses and the locations of
their dens: Toy Quong Bow, Chuck Mon.
Wong Ling, Leung Gee. Ng Deung, Lee
Dung Soon, Lee Buck Dung, Quan Ah
Ming. Shun Muew One, Wong Toy Jip,
Lew Gimm and Ty Loul Que.
Sullivan alley has more than its share
of the objectionable houses. The keepers
of those unearthed by the emissaries of
the Vigilant Society are: Ho Moi, Jew
Lai, Lee Young, Lou Pat, Noui On Ting.
Loo Soon. Hop Wee Soo, Wong Bee, NI
Mar Gee, Soo Ho On and Long Quan.
In Bartlett alley the following slave
dealers are accused to the Mayor of con
ducting bouses of ill-fame: Wong Fook
Jai. alias Wong Toy: Hal Tong." Toi Sing.
Wong Look Sal and Jung Lee Gin, Wong
Sing How. Suey Toy. Pow Chi and Gee
Gin Cook, Quan Trin and Chuck Wah.
Other houses of ill-fame scattered
through the quarter whose location is
known to the Vigilant- are kept as fol
lows: Lee Gow Chung. 726 Jackson street.
this slave dealer being the president of
the infamous Bow Wah tong. Wong Ah
Jen's den is at 13 Brenham place. in the
same building as that wherein the meet
ings of the association of keepers of im
moral houses are held. Leung Sing is at
lfe7 Dupont street; Mcc Get Hoo at 744
Washington: Wong Saam, 829 Washing
ton; Jew Leung, 827 Washington.
In transmitting the information to the
Mayor, Secretary Foote accompanies it
with remarks suggested by the investi
gations of the agents of the society. He
calls attention to the fact that in a num
ber of the houses located on corners of
main streets it is the custom to entertain
young white hoys, and always, even In
the face of the police, to parade the vice
of the entire quarter to the tourist who
goes abroad to tell of the wickedness of
of San Francisco's Chinatown. The sug
gestion is made that *he Mayor persuade
the members of the Board of Supervisors
to join with him and call upon the Chief
of Police and give him official notification
to close up the houses informed against
and such others as are known to the
For 'the names of the owners of the real
estate upon which are situated the dens
of Chinatown the Mayer is referred to the
books of the Tax Collector and the As
sessor Under the statute for the sup
pression of the houses of ill fame in Chi
natown ho is called upon to notify thorn
of the conditions that exist in their prop
._ _**_ _ ...... , ■ ■_
named William Kennedy and himself as
sureties Rood furnished a bond of 12000
for the release of h's accomplice. The
bond was accepted by acting Judge Bar
ry and Blackman was given his liberty.
The following, day kman left the city
and is now supposed to be in Mexico.
An examination of the bonds revealed
the fact that they were worthless. Ken
nedy, ii is claimed, was induced to attach
his "cross to the bond on the representa
tion that he would not be held responsi
ble in case the disgraced police officer did
not appear wiien his preliminary exam-^.
inatlon was called in the Police Court. J
During the Investigation yesterday the
grand jurors examined the worthless bond
and Were startled by the similarity be
tween the handwriting in the body of the
document and the signatures of Rood and
Kennedy. So convinced were they that
the bond and signatures of -the. worthless
sureties were written by the same per
son that' they instructed Captain Sey
mour to take the document to Expert
Elsenschlmmel and have him examine It.
He is to report the result of his exami
nation to the Grand Jury to-day. It is
claimed that the bond passed through
Kelly's hand, but this is denied by the
Police Court Clerk. Judge Barry, who
accepted It. says that he was influenced
to favorably pass on the bond by Attor
ney Wilson, who represented that the •
sureties were responsible men. • ,
Rood is also among the missing. The
Grand Jury is anxious to interview him
in order to find out if he signed the bond.
He was subpenaed to appear at the in
vestigation yesterday afternoon, and as
he was not present when his name was
called Chief Lees was instructed to find
him. A detective was sent to his former
address, but was told that he had moved.
The police are satisfied that he has also
left the city.
erty and to demand that law-breaking
shall cease on their premises. .Ait it will
take several days for the Mayor to secure
this information it is fair to presume that
he will not take any action in the prem
ises until early next week, at which time
the members of the desperate and infa
mous Mow Wah tone; must either move
out, or, as they are most likely to do,
take measures peculiar to the Chinese.
murder among other things, to defeat the
law. i
Pending thai time the Vigilant Society
intends to take -all possible measures to
strengthen its position '.in the tijtht. By
resolution at yesterday's meeting a con
stitution and by-laws -Were adopted and
articles of Incorporation of the society
agreed upon. These will be forwarded to
Sacramento at once and the Vigilants
hope, before their' .next regular meelng,
which takes place next Thursday after
noon, that they will be in a position, re
inforced by the moral element of the city.
to cope successfully even with Celestial
cunning and corruption embodied in the
Bow Wall tons.
"Pecramoirl" gold, latest, best, perfect paint:
.ample bottle 25c. Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A KING OF HIS TRADE
A KING OF HIS TRADE
In the laundry business must necessar-
ily be one that understands it thor-
oughly in all its slightest details. That
is why we are doing the lion's share of
the laundry business in San Francisco.
Fine and careful work and a color and
finish on linen that pleases the most
fastidious are our claims to your pa-
tronage.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
4764 SOLD THIS SEASON, 1
I 4764 SOLD THIS SEASON, I
1 (feAar 1
W m^f bicv_les m
■*^7 BICVUJES
no
THOS. H. B. VARMEY, Market & llttt. S. F.
1 TIOS. H.-B. lARIET, Huket 4 HtV. S. F. 1
8 Open Wednesday & Saturday evening.. Eg
Dfl-ttle Fuu 0f life and
oattle Pull of life and
Aftf action, this great
U1 PANORAMA
U1 PANORAMA
]\\ Z\X\\\z\ *-s pre-eminent as
Manila fp™ennftas
an example of
Roy realistic art.
Roy realistic art.
_ Market St., Near Eighth.
Admission 50c. Children .So.
WHEN YOU
__^_f_-___r WHEN YOU
_^^^^^__Requir9 an E-tC'
BELT gat "Dr.
/f^^^^^^^T- Pierces" and you will
sj^Mo&so- Pierces" and you will
™x not be disappointed.
.'-•■■ 'VJft Call Of address PIERCE
1 . ELECTRIC CO.. ___
I Kirk* «_ (opp. Mac. Hots), S. F. *_'•.-