VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 13G.
PRINCE HENRY
TO BE A KING
Talk of Setting Up a Ger
man Monarchy on Chi
nese Soil.
fICTORIA, B. C, April According to the
Peking and Tientsin Times, copies of which
vjiwere received here by the steamerGlenogle, it is
' generally believed among the foreign element at
Peking that the seizure of Kiaochau in Novem
ber, 1897, by Germany was a first step toward
I the realization of a scheme of Kaiser Wilhelm to
place a German King on Chinese soil.
Prince Henry, the Emperor's brother, who
is in the Orient in charge of the German Asiatic squadron, it is
believed, will be the King and the Chinese province of Shantung
his kingdom. The occupation of the interior of the province, it
is pointed out, is a direct move toward the establishment of
German sovereignty over the whole of the 65.000 square miles of
Shantung, instead of the 400 square miles around Kiaochau,
which was gouged out of the Chinese domain by Admiral Yon
Diederichs after the native mob had killed Missionaries Neise,
I Jennie and Zeigler.
Baron yon Heiking, the German Minister here, although he
is lid to have received a leave of absence because of ill health,
has not seen fit yet to claim his furlough. He left Peking for
Kiaochau, where he will consult with Prince Henry. The Ger
man expedition, which was sent last week into Southern Shan
tung to quell the anti-foreign disturbances there, has occupied Ji-
Chou, fifty-four miles from I-Chou-Fou. the original objective
point, without opposition. Chinese military officials in Shan
tung are confident that they will annihilate the foreigners, and,
it is understood, have asked permission from the Peking Gov
ernment to proceed against the force of occupation. This per
mission, however, will probably be denied.
AN UPRISING
IS FEARED
IN MANILA
Precautions Taken to Prevent
Sudden Revolt of Natives
in the City.
ADVANCE OF LAWTON
Major Weisenberger's Sharpshooters
Run Into a Nest of Filipinos and
Five North Dakotans Killed.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, April 15, 8:30 a. m.—
starting in easterly direction
along the road to Pansanghan a
party of seventy sharpshooters
under Lieutenant Southern, of
the Washington regiment, came
upon a trench across the road
about a mile out of Santa Cruz.
Lieutenant Southern was wound
ed. The Americans then ad
vanced with mounted guns and
the Fourteenth Infantry battal
ions in the center, Linck's bat
talion of the First Idaho Infan
try on the right and Frame's
battalion of the First North Da
kota Infantry on the left, both
flanking. The trench was car
ried without loss to the Ameri
cans.
Pansanghan was found desert
ed.
MANILA, April 14. — For several days
past there has been extraordinary ac
tivity on the part of the native popu
lation of the city, and fears of an up
rising are entertained. Strict enforce
ment of the 7 o'clock order requiring all
persons not having written permission
to be abroad to retire to their homes
has been enjoined. It is known that
a number of Aguinaido's officers have
been in the city during the week, and
it is believed they have been endeavor
ing to arouse the natives to revolt. In
structions have been given to prevent
all gatherings in the native quarters at
any time of the day or night. More
troops are needed here. If the Ameri
cans expect to hold the towns captured
they will have to be occupied. At pres
ent when the forces get possession of
a town they only keep it until the or
der comes for them to advance. Then
the rebel- sneak through and around
our lines, and as the Americans leave
town the Insurgents resume possession.
General Lawton is marching north
along the road between the hills and
the lake with the gunboats Napidan
and Laguna de Bai abreast of his
troops. The enemy is retreating north
ward.
On Wednesday the troops crossed the
I'aghanjan and concentrated at Lam
bun, at the mouth of the river. After
leaving two companies of the Four-
The San Francisco Call.
nth Regiment to guard the entrance*
of the river the troops marched to
Long-as and found it deserted. Furni
ture which had been dropped in the
flight of the natives was scattered
alonpr the trails leading into the hills.
Major Welsenberprer's sharpshooters
were sent toward Pactos and Ancon
tenca in the afternoon. They ran upon
a nest of rebels in some thick bushes
which afforded a splendid cover. Five
men of the North Dakota regiment
were killed and two were wounded,
two of the former dying after having
been brought to Longas church, where
Father McKlnnon administered the
sacrament to them. The main body of
American troops, while at dinner in
Longas, heard the firing and advanced
to the support of the sharpshooters. A
scout from the hill saw the little fight
Continued on Third rage.
DICK CROKER ADMITS
SHARING THE SPOILS
NEW TORK, April Richard
Croker was on the stand to-day
before the Mazet investigating
commission, and he will be on
the stand again to-morrow.
John F. Carroll, the Tammany leader's",
chief deputy, was also put through a
course of questioning this afternoon.
Judge Joseph E. Daly, whom the
Democrats refused to renominate for
Justice of the Supreme Court last fall,
told of his treatment by Mr. Crokqr and
Tammany, with other prominent wit
nesses, contributed testimony that
went to make the day a most notable
one in the investigation into the city's
affairs.
The examination of Richard Croker
was a remarkable one, chiefly by rea
son of the answers which he returned
to the questions propounded to him by
Mr. Moss. He was brief and took ad
vantage of many opportunities afforded
him to retort in a manner that evoked
applause many time's from those gath
ered in ie committee room.
Mr. Croker gave events a somewhat
k dramatic turn when, after refusing to
answer several questions concerning
his private affairs, he held up his right
hand and said impressively: "If you
can show me where I have taken a
single dollar from this city you can
cut that arm off."
When the Tammany chief went on
the stand at the beginning of the day's
session Mr. Moss conducted a line of
questioning which Mr. Croker evi
dently believed was a loss of time for
he suddenly leaned forward and said:
"It is not necessary to bring up what
everybody knows. There is no use
playing to the galleries; there is no
use making speeches. I am the leader
of the party, and I acknowledge it. All
these people are my friends and I am
going to stick to them all the tin- .-.•.
Just give me straight talk. lam going
to give you straight talk.
______ Moss said he would aceommoaace
him and he endeavored to do so. He
drew from Mr. Croker the fact that the
Tammany chief believed that all the
offices of administration of all depart
ments should go to the victorious po
litical party. "To the victors belong
the spoils," he added.
Continuing, Mr. Croker said that
when the Democrats placed men in of
fice the porty expected to have those
men do what the leaders of the party
asked them to do. He himself had
recommended the appointment of vari
ous officials and the distribution of pa
tronage. Not in every , case, however,
he said, had his advice been carried
out. He admitted, nevertheless, that
he had a considerable amount of po-
I litical influence.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
SIX MEN
BURIED BY
A LANDSLIDE
Crews of Rotaries on Great
Northern Swept Down a
Rocky Canyon.
SOME FATALLY HURT
All of the Bodies Found Except One,
and Two Hundred Hands Are at
the Scene of Disaster.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 14.— A land
slide, terrible in its effects, occurred on
the Great Northern railroad this after
noon near Wellington. A half dozen or
more of people were injured, several
fatally. About 1 o'clock the rotaries
used by the Great Northern in the
mountains left Wellington for Madison
to clear the track for a Great Northern
freight train.
Some distance outside of Wellington
a vast avalanche swept down the
mountain side, carrying rotaries and
all a thousand feet into the canyon
and on the rocks below. At the pres
ent writing the bodies' of the crews
have, with one exception, been found.
The injured are:
% PILOT JERRY MORIARITY, ©
0 head cut, injured internally. ©
© FIREMAN THOMAS GRANT,
© head and body injured. 2
2 GEORGE HART, both legs and 2
a jaw broken, injured internally, £
Swill die. •
© GEORGE ADAMS, arms and
© hips broken. ®
£ AXEL SINGREEN, Injured in- J
q ternally, will die. £
0 THOMAS SULLIVAN, injured 0
© internally. ©
Superintendent Andrews of the tun
nel immediately dispatched a shift of
men from the tunnel to di~ out the in
jured men. and 200 men are now at the
scene of the wreck. It is hoped to have
the track cleared within twelve hours.
All of the injured men have been sent
to Everett in a special train. The ro
tary was totally demolished.
REVOLUTION IN THE
MATTO GROSSO PROVINCE
Defeated Candidate for Governor
Heads a Movement to Overthrow
Antonio Luiz.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, April 14.— The Her
ald's correspondent at Montevideo tele
graphs that a message from the frontier
has been received announcing that a rev
olutionary uprising has taken place in the
province of Matto Grosso, Brazil, against
the newly elected Governor, Antonio Luiz.
RICHARD CROKER,
Tammany's Chief
A matter that Mr. Moss gave attention
to was Mr. Crocker's connection with the
auctioneering business conducted by Pe
ter I-'. Meyer, by whom the majority of
the judicial sales were conducted.
Mr. Croker said he had been a member
of the firm for some years, and as a true
Democrat he expected to be befriended
in the way of profit from the sales.
"Then you are working for your pock
et?" said Mr. Moss.
"All the time, the same as you are,"
retorted the witness. .-"** •
"To. the boss belongs the lion's share of
the plunder," sneered Mr. Moss,
"No plunder, no," said Mr. Croker.
"You can call it what you like. You may
call the bill you send to the Legislature
for the work you are now doing plunder,
'f you please."
There was loud applause at this and
Mr. Mazet said he would clear the hall if
the applause occurred again, but Mr.
Moss said he rather liked the applause.
Mr. Croker told the committee that it
was customary for candidates in office to
contribute to election expenses, and stat
ed, also that contributions had been as
high as (8000 or $10,000. He said that the
contributions were not compulsory, but
were in many cases, on the contrary, vol
untary. v
Perhaps the most interesting part of the
investigation . to-day was that in which
Mr. Croker was questioned closely as to
how he had made his money. Mr. Croker
refused to tell of his private affairs, but
admitted that he was a member of sever
al companies, one of which is the Air and
Power Company, with a capital . stock of
$10,000,000. He said: .
"I've got : nothing to conceal. If any
one comes to me with a good stock to
buy I buy it, and so would you, I will not
PART OF TAHOE IS
TO BE INCLUDED IN
A PUBLIC PARK
A VIEW ON TAHOE.
From a photograph by Tabor.
WASHINGTON, April 14. — The President has prepared a proclamation setting apart 136,000 acres of land
on the south side of Lake Tahoe, California, as a forestry reserve and public park.
The proclamation defines the limits of the Lake Tahoe forest reserve as follows: '/Townships 11,
12 and 13 north, range 16 east, Mount Diablo base and meridian, California; townships 11, 12 and 13 north,
range 17 east, and such part of township 11 north, range 18 east, as lies west of the oierra Nevada range of
mountains in El Dorado County, cal."
Entries of land.- already made are excepted from reservation.
The movement is headed by Jose Mario
Martinho, the defeated candidate at the
last election.
MAY SUCCEED STORRER.
Lawrence , Townsend May Be As
signed to Belgian Mission.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
As a result of the decision of the Presi
dent to transfer Bellamy Storrer to Ma
drid as Minister of the United States. I
understand that the President has under
consideration the advisability of assign
ing Lawrence Townsend to the Belgian
mission. ... ,_• _,
An official who has talked with the
President regarding the Belgian mission
told me to-day that friends of Minister
Townsend. who is accredited to Portugal,
have been strongly pressing him for Spain.
The decision of the President in favor of
Mr. Storrer left a vacancy in Belgium,
and the President, as a mark of his ap
preciation of Mr. Townscnd's worth, has
offered him the succession to Mr. Storrer.
Should he accept it. the President will
make a new appointment to Portugal.
go into any details' of my private busi
ness." '*-' t> - L ; •"••.-
Mr. Moss endeavored in a persuasive
way to Induce -Mr. Croker to give tur
ther information on the subject of money
making, but the witness .simply refused
to give details.
Incidentally Mr. Croker praised Chief
Devery and the ' police department and
was on the stand when the hearing ad
journed.
Former Judge Joseph F. Daly, who was
called during the course of the afternoon,
said that he had been notified in the early
pari of last year that be need. not expect
a renomination. This notification came
directly from Mr. Croker, and it was, he
said, the result of ids refusing to appoint
a chief clerk of the Court of . Common
Pleas recommended by Croker and be
cause he had refused to make a judicial
order for the removal of the legal Bales to
111 Broadway, where Peter F. Meyers'
firm is located. '
With -reference to the statements made
during the recent election that Judge Daly
had been originally discovered by "Boss"
Tweed and by him nominated for his |
first judgeship, he denied that he had ever
known Tweed or that he had been selected !
by Tweed. Judge Daly said that he had
paid $7000 in assessments for his two nor- '■
inations by Tammany Hall.
Former Judge Roger A. Pryor, who fol
lowed Judge Daly, testified that he, too,
had contributed to Tammany on account
of his nomination, he having sent a check
for $10,000, payable to the order of Richard
Croker, chairman of the finance commit
tee of Tammany Hall. This check was
returned to him the next day and he was
asked to make the check payable to the
bearer. . This he did. . . > -; v
Another interesting witness was John
F. Carroll, Mr. Croker's chief lieutenant.
Mr. Carroll did not prove a very easy wit
ness, and because of his refusal to answer
questions Mr. Moss suggested that he
might have to have Carroll sent to jail
for contempt of court. Later he asked
that Mr. Carroll's refusal to answer ques
tions be reported to the Legislature. The
cause of all this was the question as to
whether Mr. Carroll had any connection
with the Consolidated Ice Company, or
whether he had any stock therein. It
developed during the examination that
Mr. Carroll had given up a $7500 position
to accept his present position in Tam
many Hall, which theoretically Is without
salary.
Mr. Moss pointed out that therefore Mr.
Carroll was without visible means of sup
port and was therefore a pauper. Wit
ness, however, denied this, while at the
same time, he denied that he was receiv
ing a salary from Mr. Croker or from
Tammany Hall or from anybody that the
counsel could name.
It was during the course of this exami
nation that Committeeman Hoffman made
a protest on the line of questions. He
demanded that all the witnesses be treat
ed fairly and that questions be fairly put.
Mr. Moss, however, continued to direct
his efforts to settle the question- in the
same manner as he had begun. He ended
his efforts in this direction by asking:
"Dare you tell of the.' money you • have
received in the last thirty days to
which : Mr. Carroll replied: "I decline to
answer such questions. You can't frigten
me."
Mr. Carroll made the* admission that
''what Mr. Croker says goes." And ac
cording to him,, also, it goes with every
body connected with ' Tammany Hall or
holding his office through the good wishes
of that organization.
ARBITRATION
AT THE PEACE
CONFERENCE
Instructions for the Ameri
can Delegates Read to
the Cabinet.
NO AUTHORITY TOACT
Uncle Sam's Representatives to The
Hague Cannot Agree Without
Wiring to Washington.
Sliecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel-
egraphs: Secretary Hay read to the
Cabinet to-day the instructions to the
American representatives to the pro
posed disarmament conference and
they will be delivered '-. to Mr. Hollis.
secretary of the delegation, to-morrow
or Monday.
Officials are keeping the instructions
a close secret, especially that feature
relating to international arbitration,
which the American delegates will
strongly favor. While the administra
tion relies fully upon the judgment of
the Commissioners, I understand that
they are instructed not to agree to any
important proposition without first re
ferring it to Washington for considera
tion and determination by the Presi
dent. The attitude of this Government
on the disarmament proposition of the
Czar has been already explained by the
Herald. This Government has no con
cern in the armaments of the nations
of the world and will certainly not
agree to prohibit the invention of mere
deadly weapons of warfare. The
American representatives are especial
ly directed to pay attention to the in
ternational arbitration phase of the ne
gotiations, and every effort will be
made to obtain an agreement of this
kind which may be satisfactory t » all
nations taking part in the conference.
President Low has notified the [State
Department that he will sail from New
York on the steamer leaving May 9.
The American Commissioners will hold
a meeting immediately upon the arri
val of all the members, and decide upon
their line of procedure. They will
reach The Hague a few days before the
18th of May, the day upon which the
conference will assemble.
GENERAL SARMIENTO'S
VILLA WAS DESTROYED
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. ■ %'-'■.-*".> •?"- : '.<-
BUENOS AYRES, April 14.— A dispatch
from Rio Janeiro announces that Wednes
day's earthquake destroyed the villa of
General Sarmiento. Three lives have
been lost— one woman and two children.
CUP DEFENDER TO
BE NAMED COLUMBIA
; NEW YORK,. April 14.— J. V. S. Oddie,
secretary of the New York Yacht Club,
announced to-night that he had received
a dispatch from C. Oliver Iselin stating
that, the new cup yacht building at
Herreshoff's, Bristol, R. 1.,. will be named
Columbia.
SECRETARY
ALGER WILL
NOT RETIRE
Declares He Shall Remain
in Office Through the
Whole Term.
REFUSES TO RESIGN
Intends to Guide the War Depart
ment Unless Unseen or Unlooked
for Contingencies Arise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gall Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 14.
Secretary Alger to-night made a posi
tive, and unequivocal statement that
the reports that he intends to retire
from the Cabinet are absolutely with
out foundation, and that unless some
unforeseen and unlooked-for contin
gency arises he proposes to remain
Secretary of War throughout this ad
ministration.
j Mr. Alger had his attention called to
recent rumors that he would resign
after the close of the investigation into
the conduct of the war and incident
matters, and that his successor already
had been determined upon. He said
all statements of that character were
false; that he had not entertained such
intention and they were instigated with
the evident purpose of forcing him to
leave the Cabinet. He said he proposed
to pay no attention whatever to these
attacks.
Mr. Alger authorized the Associated
Press to make an absolute denial of the
reports. of his contemplated resignation
and to announce once for all in the
strongest terms possible that he would
retain his present position throughout
his regular term, of office. Of course,
he added, if there should be a great
disaster in his private business affairs
or he should be stricken in health or
some such wholly unexpected and sud
den event occurred it might actuate
him to resume private life as a matter
of course, but he had not had any idea
of resigning and his determination to
remain, despite reports to the contrary,
was fixed and unalterable.
CHINA'S REPRESENTATIVE
AT SAN FRANCISCO
Ho Vow Has Been Appointed Consul
General by the Peking
Government.'
VICTORIA, _.. C., April 14.-The steam
er Glenogle arrived to-night from the
Orient. Her mall advices say that several
important changes in the Chinese diplo
matic service have just taken place. Ho
Vow has been appointed Consul General
at San Francisco. Ho. Vow has just com
pleted an Investigation of the condition of
Chinese in California and their adapta
bility to become laborers In Mexico. He
is a relative by marriage of the Hon. Dr.
Ho.Kai. ..He is a brother of the Chinese
Minister at Washington, his Excellency
Wu Ting Fang.
Following Ho's promotion a number of
otner changes have been made. Lai Yew,
formerly Consul General at Havana, has
been transferred to Manila as Consul
General and is accredited to the United
States. There are over two million Chi
nese in the Philippines.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GERMANY HAS
AGREED WITH
GREAT BRITAIN
So the Samoan Commission
Will Proceed to the
Islands.
YON BULOW EXPLAINS
During Interpellation in Reichstag
the Foreign Minister Pleads
for Amicable Adjustment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, April 14.— The Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Baron yon Bulow, an
nounced in the Reichstag that an
agreement had been arrived at with
Great Britain with regard to sending
a commission to Samoa.
The Interpellation on Samoa was pre
sented by Dr. Lehr, an Extremist, and
was replied to by the Minister of For
eign Affairs, Baron yon Bulow.
There was a slim attendance of mem
bers in the Reichstag to-day, but the gal
leries were crowded. The United States
Embassy was represented at the session.
The opening speech of the interpella
tion to which the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs had previously agreed to reply was
not a success, and it was afterward said
that the signers of the interpellation
blundered in intrusting its presentation
to Dr. l.ehr. The latter, contrary to
agreement, made strong references to
economic matters in arguing against the
American and British attitude in Samoa,
hinting that Germany would fight both
countries economically if thwarted politi
cally. The party leaders, one after an
other, repudiated Dr. Lehr's declarations.
In substance the interpellation, which
was signed by a majority of the Center,
Reichs party. Conservatives and National
Liberals, asked for information regarding
the events in Samoa and also requested
information regarding the measures taken
or to be taken by the Government under
the circumstances.
The Foreign Minister in his reply em
phasized Germany's adherence to the Sa
moan act, the rearrangement of which he
claimed was desirable to the Government.
Continuing the Minister said the Govern
ment knew nothing of the conflicts said to
have taken place between the American
admiral. Kautz, and the commander of
the German warship Falke.
In the course of his remarks the Min
ister said:
"I am quite prepared to express my
views of an affair which, with Justice, is
keenly occupying opinion and has been
for weeks the subject of serious attention
upon the part of the Government. On
I the other hand, you will understand that
j in my official responsible position I shall
not say things that may render a peace*
| ful settlement of the difficulties ques-
I tionable.
"Regarding the history of the compli
cations in Samoa, I have made a state
ment to the budget committee and have
particularly pointed out how, since the
coming into force of the act. disturbances
and frictions between the representatives
of the powers have not been lacking.
"Our attitude regarding the complica
tion may be summed up in a single sen
tence. 'Adherence to the legal status cre
ated by the act so long as the act is not
modified by the unanimous decision of
the powers.' That is to say, respect for
the rights appertaining to others by vir
tue of the act, but at the same time full
maintenance of German rights. In the
Interests of the tranquillity of Samoa and
in the interest of calmer relations be
tween the powers should they find it ad
vantageous, if the act has become inad
equate, it could be replaced by a fresh
arrangement, corresponding better with
the present situation. With this idea I
said in the budget committee that we
were disposed to consent to a clean sep
aration. As, however, the disadvantages
of the situation were felt by both the
other powers, equally with ourselves, we
have no occasion and no need to maks
special proposals of our own initiative.
But, so long as the Samoa agreement ex
ists, it must be loyally observed by all
concerned. The letter and spirit of the
act require that final decision be only
effected by the unanimous resolutions of
the three governments. % We therefore
have allowed no doubt to remain in Lon
don and Washington that we must re
gard as not legally binding any changes
to which we have not given our assent.
We could not permit a decision regard
ing Samoa to be taken contrary to the
treaty rights and without or even against
us.
"This principle of unnecessary unanim
ity which is set up and defended by us
was accomplished by America and "then
also by Great Britain. Another leading
point of view is for us to hold aloof from
the disputes of the native chiefs. We
were confronted by several candidates for
the throne of Samoa, but we have not
taken sides. But the provisional govern
ment of Mataafa having been recognized
by the three Consuls, it must have ap
peared to our Consul as the legal status
quo until a new government was Installed
by the unanimous resolution of the three
Governments. t.-;.' j
"For the reason that wo have taken up
a neutral attitude in regard to the inter
nal affairs of Samoa we have neither par
ticipated in nor approved the interven
tion of British and American warships
in these disputes.
"Respecting the recent conflicts we
have only mutilated and defective tele
grams from our Consul and more or less
trustworthy reports from foreign tele
graphic agencies, so that it is not yet
possible for us to pass final judgment
on the affair. '
"Nothing is known to us, however, con
cerning the reported conflict between the
American admiral and the commander of
the Falke.
"I agree with the Secretary of the Navy
that the report of such a conflict is en
tirely unfounded, and I am convinced that
the conduct, sense, honor, tact and self
control of our naval officers were beyond
praise, .as was the discipline of the men.
"Regarding the German subject arrested
in Samoa, he was evidently the director
of the plantation at Vailele. near Huff
nagel. We immediately called the serious
attention of the British Government to
the matter and expressed our confident
expectation that no harm would come
to our countryman if. as we certainly be
lieved, he is innocent.
"The final settlement cannot be preju
diced by the events in Samoa. This set
tlement will not take place on the spot.
It can only be the result of an agreement
between the three Cabinets. In order to
bring about such a readjustment we
have proposed to dispatch a special com
mission, have demanded unanimity in its
decisions and have carried this point af
ter overcoming considerable difficulties.
(Cheers.)
"I am happy to state that the British
Government has now officially declared to
me, through its Embassador, that it ac
cepted the proposals of Germany regard
ing the mode of operation and functions
of the commission, whose functions and
powers may be summed up as follows:
"The commission appointed by . ie three
signatory powers to the Samoa act will
take over the provisional government of
the islands. To this end the commission
will exercise the highest powers. All
other official personages will have to obey
the orders of the Commissioners, and the
three powers will instruct their consular
and naval representatives to lend their
support. No measures taken by the
Commissioners in conformity with the
foregoing official powers will be legal
unless all three Commissioners assent
thereto. '
"One of the tasks of the commission2
will be to consider what provisions It re
tards as necessary for the future govern
ment of the country, or the modification
»f the Berlin act. and report to the Gov
ernment the views at which It finally ar
rives.
"We hope the commission will succeed
,n" effecting a settlement, just, fair and
acceptable to all parties. We will only
af-ent to such decisions as do not pre
lildiee our plain rights and the important
interests oi Germans in Samoa.
"A portion of the foreign press has
-ailed attention to the fact that the value
of Samoa Is not in proportion to the
importance trained in international poli
tics and relations. "We. too, believe that
t will be in the highest degree reprehen
sible if war were kindled by the three
ereat civilized Christian nations, on ac
-sount of a group of islands in the remote
South Sea. inhabited by thirty thousand
savages, among whom live scarcely five
hundred Europeans, with a total trade
ot hardly three million marks. I am con
vinced of and advised that it should not
be forgotten that in foreign policy it is of
the first importance not to allow one a
right judgment to be prejudiced, hut to
appraise every question according to its
real importance.
"Two things, however, must not be for
gotten. Firstly, our duty to protect the
trade, business and property of our
.ountrvmen in Samoa. Secondly, we pos
sess treaty riuhts in Samoa, the mainte
nance of which are regarded by the Ger
man nation as a point of honor." (Cheers
and crieß of "Vhat's right-V)
The Minister of Foreign ' Affairs added:
"We demand in Samoa no more than
what belongs to us. by. treaty. But we
cannot and will not allow these treaty
rights of ours to* be -curtailed."
COMMISSION WILL LEAVE
AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE
LONDON. April 14.— The Parliamentary
Secretary of Foreign Affairs. Right Hon.
Mr Froderick, replying in the House of
Commons to questions to-day. said in
formation had reached the. Foreign Office
that fighting had been proceeding be
tween rival parties in Samoa and that the
British and American authorities had
found it necessary to interfere to -restore
order. Arrangements, he added, had been
made by the three Governments to send
a commission witli full power to act for
the restoration of order and with respect
to the steps necessary for the future gov
ernment of the islands.
Mr. Broderiek also said the commission
would leave for Samoa as early as pos-
No Designs of Protectorate.
BERLIN. April 14.— The National Zel
tung says it learn.*' that the Government
has been informed by Great Britain that
the latter has no designs of annexation or
protectorate on the Tonga islands.
MOORS CONFINED TO
HIS BEACH HOUSE
A remarkable feature about the recent
troubles In Samoa was the unanimity
with which the English and American
citizens of Apia joined hands to oppose
.the Germans. It was a clearly defined
rational struggle— Chief Justice Cham
bers, with the American and English Con
suls behind him, battlinß for the young
King Malietoa Tanu. while Herr Rose and
the German officials and citizens brought
all their influence to bear In support of
the ferocious chieftain Mataafa, Steven
son's old pet.
The only exception to this international
demarcation was H. J. Moors, one of the
largest American storekeepers on the
beach. Moors is well known In San Fran
cisco. He has visited this coast on sev
eral occasions, and once, i bout four years
ago, during the Tamasese trouble, went
on a political mission to Washington with
the view of setting the United States au
thorities straight on Samoan affairs.
Moors indirectly had a good deal to do
with the framing of the Berlin treaty and
hence his present attitude is all the more
inexplicable. He is a man of great ability
and large experience in island affairs.
Born in Detroit, he early made his way
in search of adventure to the
Pacific. There hi became engaged
ln the blackblrding trade on behalf of
the Goddefroy firm, which then held the
German plantations in Samoa. After sev
eral voyages Moors made enough money
to set up in business on his own account
on the beach, and for many yeara has
managed a large store, ln addition he
owns the lovely coral rock Spina ■lands,
some 61)0 miles from Samo_, where he has
started a large cocoanut plantation. Dur
ing the last few years Moors has also
cleared and cultivated a large tract of
land at Papasoa, som_ three miles frorr
Apia. There, at considerable expense, h_
established a flourishing cocoa planta
tion, and it looked as if his new venture
was likely to prove a great success. Co
coa rives exceedingly ell In the flour
ishing climate of Samoa, and the last
shipment which Moors sent to San Fran
cisco was pronounced by the manufac
turers here to be the best in the market.
However, as the entire district has now
been ravaged by Mataafa's warriors,
Moors has probably l"St the whole fruits
of his labors. His house and plantation
have been destroyed and all that Is left
to him Is his store on the beach, where,
when the last mall left, he was confined,
practically a prisoner, by the American
sentries.
Moors explains his peculiar attitude over
this affair in a letter to James R. Wat
son, his agent in this city. Writing on
March 23 Moors says:
"Three days after the arrival of the Phil
adelphia I called 'on Admiral Kautz and
Captain Whltuy. being nicely received by
both. The admiral told me that I was in
a painful minority on this question, and
unless 1 was careful I might get Into seri
ous trouble. 1 told the admiral that on
the contrary I was on the side of the ma
jority and that Ij.expressed the sentiments
of three-fourths of the foreign and 'JO per
cent of the native population.
"Later on the admiral sent me a copy
of the proclamation issued by the English
and American Consuls In favor of Malie
toa. 1 thought well of it and sent word
to Mataafa to obey. But when Mataafa
was addressing his people and. advising
them to respect the pro( tarnation word
came that Maxse. the British Consul, had
commenced to arm the returned tlietoa
prisoners Just brought back from Tutulla.
This news caused great indignation among
the fighting men. the meeting broke up
in anger and Mataafa's people, at once
commenced hostilities.
"I have not heard yet of a single native
who has deserted Mataafa for Malietoa.
Most of the whites and Malietoa' s native
adherents are confined on the Mulinuu
peninsula . and as soon as they have eaten
up the little food close to the beach in
Apia they will be in a* serious fix. On
Mulinuu there is neither food, water nor
firewood. No one told me to stay at home,
but I coll' hide.; to do so when the trouble
began. It was just as well, for I learned
that the guards placed In front of ray
house had orders to stop me at once If I
tried to leave and to shoot me if I did not
obey. I have been now ten days in my
house, having very little communication
with the outside world. I understand that
the Germans are likewise confined, and
are no better off than I am. The guards
are civil ar.d obliging.
"As to the native •war. it will require at
least 10,000 troops with all equipments and
accessories to subjugate the Samoans.
Even then ■a great loss must be counted
en from exposure and warlike casualties.
The Samoans are not wards; they are
fighting in a good cause, and God knows
1 hope their sterling qualities will soon be
recognized and appreciated.".
Noted Women Coming Westward.
CHICAGO, April 14.— Mrs. L. M. N.
Stevens, president. and Miss Anna A
Cordon, vice president nt large of «the
National Women's Christian Temperance
T'nion. left to-night for a western trip
in the interests of the organization. They
will meet the officers of the States of
California. Nevada, Oregon. Washington,
Idaho and Montana, holding from one to
five conferences In each State.
GRAPE-NUTS.
g. "We had 3
B GRAPE-NUTS 1
5^ . v. l
«__ For breakfast and never 3_3
2£- before did I know what -3
•j; a charming flavor grape -^
•— sugar has." :_5
=_1
J^- The concentration of — -*
fc- nourishment and the r_s
.__ most delicious of all flavors, __2
2___ :3r
g- AT GROCERS. 12
l^iUiUiiiiUii. . iUiUiUittittll
Fr'nri-A it _Tlf_-TTT_n 1 1 ■i ii wk -nr-ntriTrfWi i iinim ___ — *fci i___i_ .m- -
PURPLE AND GOLD
FLAG UNFURLED
Very Impressive Rites on
Point Loma.
BY MRS. H. H. SOMi-RS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. April 14.— Radiant sun
shine flooded Point. Loma Thursday after
noon, bringing into 'brilliant display a
multitude of flags of many nations decor
ating the amphitheater on the picturesque
heights. Their vari-colored folds, quiver
ing in a freshening breeze, gave a vivid
touch of life to the occasion.-
Hundreds of representatives were pres
ent at 3:30 o'clock, when the exercises
were begun by seven clear, distinct trum
pet blasts and the raising of the purple
and gold flag of the School for the Re
vival of the Lost Mysteries .if Antiquity.
As It reached the top of the tall staff
fanfares of trumpets from the towers on
the heights proclaimed "Universal Broth
erhood" to the four parts of the earth.
This Indicated that old lifeless forms were
to be modified, if not entirely discarded,
and aroused quite a feeling of expec
tancy as to what would follow. Just as
the vibration of the last trumpet tone
was moving out into the atmosphere, a
deep-voiced Intonation was beard from
behind the trees, in the solemn declara
tion: "Nothing is great, nothing is small
in the divine economy"; then followed the
powerful, sublime invocation commanding
"Truth, light and liberation."
This was repeated in greater volume
from what seemed to be tne same source
and was chanted in the same spirit by-
Mime of the students in the audience.
Then came "As is the outer, so is the in- j
ncr; as Is the great, so Is the small."
"Truth, light and liberation" were again
invoked, coming to the audience through
the same stages and thence again taken
up and repeated as before. With the ad- j
ditional power of .growing confidence is ;
then given from the source again: "He
that worketb is one"; "There is but one |
eternal law." The Intonation closed with !
"Truth, light and liberation," even more !
impressive than before. The effect was ;
Inspiriting beyond description and new, it j
Is said, even to the members of the broth- |
erhood. One who was not present can
not realize the feeling aroused.
As the soul-stirring music passed into ,
silence Katherine H. Tingley and the j
Cabinet of Universal Brotherhood came
In and took seats in front of the scenic \
construction built for the Greek play, !
"Emenides." International representa- j
tives were . received and officially taken
into the body of the congress in silence. j
This ceremony, though so simple, was far
more impressive than the wordy proceed- j
ings grnerall used upon like occasions |
elsewhere.
Dr. Jerome A. Anderson gave the ad- j
dress of welcome, a few of the interesting j
points being as follows:
Humanity's cry Is for truth, light and liber- j
ation, and so. gathering from the four corners .
of the earth, as new Knights of the Holy Grail.
those who have forsworn selfishness and taken
the vow of humanity have met here to pay
homage. Here is the lion-hearted Helen Jila- !
vatsky, "the greatest of the exiles," with
Judge, whose life work is present now as an
Inspiration, and K. A. Tingley, the savior of j
the movement.
After this came a rising of delegates as j
a salutation to Mrs. Tingley, the leader
and official head.
Mrs. Elizabeth Mayer, superintendent of |
the children's work, made an impressive I
talk. Among other things she said:
The moet of us realize that the modern edu
cational system Is not what it should be; that I
while the Intellect of nineteen centuries \a a
beautiful flower, it if like the artificial product
of the greenhouse. While our colleges turn out |
well-trained minds, we realize that our youth
have a vein of pessimism, no matter how tal
ented or accomplished they may be. ■ That pes
simism Is blighting cur modern humanity, and
I believe it comes from the starvation of the
»'.ul. Going through these years of stud., we
are simply -gorging the brain-mind and leav
ing the heart cold. We, who understand these
vital truth., knew there must be a change and i
under our leader, K. A.' Tingley, we have es
tablished centers all over the world where '
children are taken and being educated on the I
broadest lines of universal brotherhood, and
motherless and destitute children are being :
prepared as teachers and helpers of humanity. ]
Think what that means to the unborn races.
If we bring these- truths to the coming gener
ation, It will awaken knowledge of the past ,
which Is the heritage of all of us. From now |
on, woman must play a great part In future. i
From what she makes her own she gives to the \
child. 1 wish to express here to-day my grati
tude to Katherine A. Tingley, whom every I
woman must recognize as the highest type of
womanhood as well as a leader and teacher.
May we follow where she leads.
Following Mrs. Mayer was A. E.
Smythe of Toronto, Canada. He said:
We are gathered here to celebrate an anni
versary, but we celebrate more than that.
Napoleon looked on the pyramids and said that j
' 5000 centuries looked down upon them. To-day j
the eternal ages look down upon us. All that i
has ever been, all that has come together in '
the ages that have preceded us. have gathered
Into one focus. We are the center of It all. j
The world is a point in space, and we are the j
nucleus of that world; it is with us that the '
future of humanity rests. It is difficult for i
those who have not thought and entered into j
themselves and gathered the philosophy of the
past into their minds to realize their relation
to others and the universe. Some of us who i
have thought and studied have felt that the I
children's motto of helping and sharing is one
that we must carry out In our own lives.
' What we want Is- something universal that
can enter Into every day of the week, that all
men, women and children can have to carry in i
their lives, their schools, their business, their
homes. aye. Into their chamber when
death comes, and rest there in peace. We ex
clude no one; we simply ask you to recognize
that you are friends. Let us understand that
this universal brotherhood is not any of the |
things that take us away from the sensible, j
ordinary lives of the great mass of humanity. |
!_et us try to understand that this philosophy
la one of sanctified common sense. It Is not ;
In metaphysical profundity, but simply In the !
plain doing of duty and*the relief of suffering I
and entering into the hearts of those around
us.
Following Mr. Smythe's address there
was music behind the scenes, which
Closed the first session of the second Uni
versal Brotherhood Congress.
The next public meeting will be held
on Sunday afternoon, when a musical will
be given under the direction of Mrs. Basil
Crump and Mrs. Alice L. '"leather, mem
bers of the Wagner School in London.
The rededication of the site for the
School for the Revival of the Lost Mys- i
teries of Antiquity occurred at midnight. !
The ceremony was performed from first
to last In silence, with the exception of :
the Invocation to "Truth, light and liber- ;
ation," chanted at various stages of the ;
proceedings. Those taking - active part ;
were robed In garments of pure white i
and bore lighted candles throughout the
entire time. The specific form of the act
ual rededication was similar to the origi
nal dedication which occurred about two
years ago, when the brotherhood crusade
around the world, led by Katherine A.
Tingley, /the foundress of the school, re- ■
turned to this country.
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
TO PRESS THE BUTTON
House He Will Start
From the White
the Work on San Pedro
Breakwater.
LOS ANGELES, April 14.-Arrange
ments have been completed whereby Pres
ident McKinley will push an electric but
ton which will start the work on the San
Pedro breakwater on April 26. The con
stactors have reported to the free harbor
jubilee executive committee that they will
be ready to begin the work on that date,
and a special wire has been leased to run
from San Pedro Into the White House at
Washington that day.
REPRESENTATIVE HILBORN
IS SERIOUSLY ILL
Constitution Weakened by Hard
/Work Last Winter on the Naval
Affairs Committee.
• NEW YORK. April 14.— A Sun special
from Washington says: Representative
Hilborn of California is Seriously ill at
Garfield Hospital. His illness is diag
nosed as blood poisoning, arising from
liver trouble. Mr. Hllborn is a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and it
is believed that his work last winter has
weakened his. constitution. His wife and
daughter are with him at the hospital.
■ ■_■■ il' in _-_■__ -_i__i i__-T__ ri *"i it. -_-ii'V [■. rJk ■ > .*— , ■'i n .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
BRAVE CORPORAL GILLIS.
WE sleep all day here, as we do duty all night walking the streets. We make every one get into his house
by 7 p. m.. and we only tell a man once. If he refuses,- we shoot him. We killed over 300 natives
the first night. They tried to set the town on fire. If they fire a shot from a house we burn the
house down and every house near it, and shoot the natives, so they are pretty quiet ln town now.
* * * * * I led ten men to recover artillery ammunition when we were forced to retreat. If the niggers
could shoot they would have murdered us, but they could not hit." — Extract from a letter written by Corporal
Sam J. Gillis, Company I, First California Infantry, at Manila,
YOUNG CHRISTIANS
INVADE THE CITY
Santa Cruz Captured by
Epworth Leaguers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 14.— The Epworth
I Leaguers have captured Santa Cruz and
j all the incoming trains to-day brought
. large delegations of these enthusiastic
I young Christians to the annual convention
of the San Francisco district. They were
met at the depot by a reception commit
! tee under the leadership of Hasan J. Llt
j tie. The visitors are being entertained at
| the homes of citizens and the assignment
; committee— H. L. Carter, Miss Etta Sne
, decor and Miss Nellie Huntington— has
! been kept busy assigning delegates to the
' several homes.
The Methodist church, where the con
vention is held, has been decorated on a
very elaborate scale by Miss Jennie King,
assisted by the flower committee of the
Christian Endeavor Society. ; Red ' and
white are the Epworth League colors,
and these predominate in , the dec
orations. Streamers of the two
colors have be*n festooned 8 in graceful
folds from the chandeliers to the corners
and sides of I the, church, . where the ends
, are tied in bow knots. Above the choir
loft is the motto of the society In gold.
"Look Up. Lift Up," and hanging from
the top ot the alcove are strings of smllax
with a pretty effect. The platform is
massed with Rowers and set pieces— the
Maltese cross, the emblem of the society,
a star and a lyre. The gas jets are twined
with smllax, and from each jet suspended
by ropes of smllax in a basket of the
choicest roses. The back of the church
Is a complete mass of roses.
The parlors of the church have been
transformed into reception rooms. The
decorations are flowers and golden col
ored ribbons, and were arranged under
the supervision of Miss Etta Snedecor.
Mesdames Filben, Harris, Thomas and
Thompson had charge of the collation,
which was served at 6 o'clock this even
ing to the delegates at the Lower Masonic
Hall. The tables were pretty with their
floral decorations and the many good
things provided. For an hour the young
people spent a social time around the
festal board.
When the convention commenced at 7:30
o'clock the church was crowded. Each
leaguer wore a white badge with a red
cross upon It— a souvenir gift. Those on
s upon it—a souvenir gift. Those on
committees wore red ribbons on which
were the names of their committees.
The convention opened with an inspir
ing praise -service, led by Robert Hus
band of San Francisco. This was fol
«d by prayer. A felicitous address of
ed by prayer. A felicitous addr
welcome, tendering the delegates the hos
pitality of the church, was given by Miss
Etta Snedecor. The response was by
Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D.D., of
the Central Church, San Francisco. Rev.
John Stephens of Simpson Memorial
Church of San Francisco and Rev. J. A.
B. Wilson, D.D., pastor of the Howard
street Church, San Francisco, delivered
addresses.
The delegates were then assigned by the
set Church, San Francisco, delivered
egates were then assigned by the
committee on entertainment— H. S. Hol
wav, Mrs. 11. D. Smith. Miss Jennie
King. Mrs. Frank Heath. J. K. Robertson,
Miss Hattie Snedecor, Harvey Dorr, Mrs.
Walter Anthony and Marion Woodruff.
To-morrow the work will be commenced
In earnest.
The officers of the convention are: Pres
ident, C. B. Perkins of San Francisco;
first vice president, Miss E. Crummy, Los
Gatos; second vice president, George T.
Erhart, San Jose; third vice president,
Miss Fannie. Johnston, College Park;
fourth vice president, W. C. Leant, Santa
Cruz; secretary, Elgin G. Hurl bert,
Campbell; treasurer, Adoiph C. Jacob,
San Francisco; junior superintendent,
Mrs. Nellie Hanson, San Jose; interme
diate superintendent, Miss E. J. Dornin,
San Francisco.
ADDITIONAL WARSHIPS
FOR SAMOAN WATERS
NEW YORK. April 14.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Orders were cabled to-day by
Secretary Long to Rear Admiral Samp
son directing him to relieve the cruiser
Newark from duty with, his squadron,
and to order her to proceed at once to
the Pacific station.
The Newark arrived to-day at Barba
does, and her prompt dispatch to the Pa
cific, while apparently in pursuance of in
structions given on January 21 last, is
really due to the developments In File Sa
moan controversy. I also understand
that the Navy Department proposes to
take immediate measures for placing the
reconstructed steamer. Ranger in. com
mission, so that the United States will in
a month have a fairly good force In Pa
cific waters. The Newark will stop at
South American ports, so as to be ready
to proceed to Samoa without delay in
case Rear Admiral Kautz considers her
presence at Apia necessary.
JAPANESE STEAMSHIP
SUNK BY A COLLISION
Thirty-Six Persons Go to the Bottom
With the Hokushin
Maru.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 14.—The-Glen
cgle, which arrived this evening from the
Orient, brings news of a collision between
the steamers Hokushin Maru and Kitami
Moru off Ofuyu Cape, In the province of
Teshio, Hokkaido, early on the morning
of the 30th ult. The Hokushin sank a min
ute after she was struck and all on board,
thirty-six persons, went down to death
with the steamer. - The other vessel mad--?
for the shore as fast as she could and
succeeded in getting into the shallows
before she went down. Some convicts and
their, guards who were on the ill-fated
steamer were among the lost.
Headquarters First Regiment, California,
U. S. Volunteer Infantry.
SAN PEDRO MAC AT I, P. 1.,
February 23, 1899.
Corporal Sam J. Gillis, Company I, First
Regiment, California, United States Vol
unteer Infantry — Sir: I have been direct
ed by the commanding officer to transmit to
you his high appreciation of your courage
and soldierly bearing in volunteering to
recover under the enemy's fire ammunition
which had been left on the field the 15th of
February, 1899.
Such acts assist in keeping up the stand
ard of a soldier and are a credit to the
company and regiment, and will always be
most highly commended and recognized.
Very respectfully,
Captain and Regimental Adjutant.
CANNOT MUSTER
OUT VOLUNTEERS
South Dakota Troops
Are Needed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 14.
The War Department will notify Gov
ernor Lee of South Dakota that all
volunteer troops in the Philippines will
be brought home as soon as deemed ex
pedient by the military authorities on
the spot, and as rapidly as the force of
transports will permit. It is not likely
that his demand for the .immediate
muster out of the South Dakota regi
ment will be complied with, but there
is no doubt that all individual soldiers
of that command who insist upon their
discharge will be mustered out and
sent home on the first available trans
port.
It is maintained at the War Depart
ment that the statute regulating the
muster out of volunteer troops at the
close of the Spanish war contemplated
that the executive department should
have ample time in which to arrange
for the discharge and transportation
home of the troops. That is a work
of considerable magnitude and requires
time. The experience of the Civil War
in this respect is recalled to show that
several months and in some cases more
than a year were consumed in demob
ilizing the army.
The provisions in the Hull bill al
lowing volunteers in the Philippines to
be enlisted for six months may be con
strued that volunteers need not be
mustered out at this time if their ser
vices are absolutely necessary to the
Government.
It is admitted in official circles, how
ever, that this contention is hardly ten
able in the case of troops who insist on
being mustered out. Chairman Hull
stated on the floor of the House, when
asked if the six months' clause would
be construed to continue volunteers in
the Philippines if they wanted to come
home, that he had the assurance of the
administration that no such construc
tion would be made. The statute bear
ing on this subject is section 15 of the
act for increasing the efficiency of the
army, which provides: "The President
is authorized to enlist temporarily in
the service for absolutely necessary
purposes in the Philippine Islands vo.
unteers, officers and men, individually
or by organization, now in those islands
and about to be discharged, provided
their retention shall not extend beyond
the time necessary to replace them by
troops authorized to be maintained'un
der the provisions of this act and not
beyond a period of six months."
Nothing has been received from Gen
eral Otis on the subject since March 16,
but advices are expected from him
daily.
The officials of the War Department
are confident that General Otis will do
the best he can under the circum
stances, and that so far as possible he
will arrange for the return to the
United States of all volunteer troops
desiring to do so.
According to Secretary Alger's latest
Instructions, General Otis is vested
with plenary powers and may exercise
his discretion in the matter of the dis
charge of individual volunteers or or
ganizations. It is estimated that there
are about 18,000 volunteers in the Phil
ippines, and a reduction of the effective
force under General Otis at this time
to that extent is said to be entirely out
of the question.
The War Department is using every
endeavor to Induce volunteers to re
enlist in the regular army under in
provisions of the Hull bill. It has ar
ranged for an allowance of travel pay
amounting to between $500 and $600 in
each enlistment. It is confidently ex
pected that a great many of the. volun
teers will take advantage of this op
portunity and remain in the service.
CHURCH PROPERTY IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Archbishop Corrigan Has a Talk
With the President Upon
the Subject.
NEW YORK. April M.— A special to the
World from Washington says: The pres
ence of Archbishop Corrigan -of New
York in this city and his visit to the
White House has caused much comment
in church circles. It is understood that
Archbishop Corrigan consulted the Presi
dent regarding the future disposition of
church property in the Philippines. As it
seems assured that the United States will
hold the archipelago permanently the
members of the American church hav_
suggested to the Vatican that the vest
ing of this property in the American hier
archy would be a satisfactory solution.
Church officials her* have been informed
that Bourke Cochran of New York, who
is now, In Europe, will soon go to Rome
as Monsignor Corrigan's personal repre
sentative in the matter.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative ' Brnmo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure.
SO- The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
SEEK THE SOURCE
OF KLONDIKE COLD
Project of a Party of
Miners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND. April 14.— Word has
just been received through private sources
to the effect that an expedition is being
fitted out to prospect a heretofore unex
plored section of the great Northwest
Territory. This expedition will start from
Wrangel and will be composed of several
experienced and practical miners, who in
the early days of the gold excitement in
the Cassiar country were among the for
tunates and reaped a rich harvest.
The section of country to be prospected
is that portion lying west of the Rocky
Mountains at the headwaters of the Yu
kon and the eastern tributaries of that
river. It is from that region that the
gold found In the Yukon and its tributa
ries originally came. This theory is based
upon the belief that the Rocky Mountains
are the fountain-head of the gold run,
or, in other words, contain the mother
lode. The action of the elements for past
ages has scattered the gold on both sides
of the Rocky Mountains through British
North America, the United States and
Mexico. The rich deposits found along
the Klondike and its small tributaries
lead to the belief that the mother lode
Is somewhere in that vicinity. The head
waters of all those streams form in the
Rocky Mountains, which have not as yet
been prospected owing to that section be
ing practically impenetrable from the
Klondike.
This expedition will go from Wrangel
to Dease Lake, which is about 250 miles
from that place, in a northeasterly direc
tion In British Columbia, and thence will
proceed northeast over a comparatively
open country until the foothills of the
Rocky Mountains are reached. Then the
course will be along the west side of the
range. . prospecting all the streams,
gulches and benches to a point east and
north of the Klondike, thus taking in all
the streams which form the headwaters
of the Yukon, and down the channels of
which gold has been carried for ages and
deposited.
William G. Thomas, a pioneer of Alaska,
formerly a Deputy United States Marshal
and recently a customs officer, is one of
the promoters of this expedition and has
great faith in its outcome. He says that
in the early days of the Cassiar excite
ment two men penetrated a portion of the
country to be prospected and the sickness
of one of them caused their return to
Wrangel. They met success, bringing out
several hundred dollars in dust, most of
which was coarse gold and bore but little
Indications of having been carried a great
distance by water, as it was rough and
contained more or less quartz. They also
gave a glowing account of the country
as a prospecting field from a geological
standpoint. One of these men died at
Wrangel and the other left for the East,
Intending to return. He never made his
reappearance and it was surmised that
he either abandoned the project or met
a fate similar to that of his partner.
Since that time, according to the state
ments of Mr. Thomas, several expeditions
have been planned, but owing to the un
certainties and the hardships to be en
countered they were never carried out
During these many years he has never
known of any one going into that sec
tion. Now that the richness of the Klon
dike has been proved the present expe
dition has become a reality. It is the in
tention to make the start as soon as the
season is sufficiently opened so that no
delays will be met.
■= .' i
MRS. SPRING ENRAGED.
SAN JOSE, April 14.— Spring di
vorce case was up before Judge Lorigan
this morning on a motion that Mrs.
Emily Spring show cause why her $200 a
month alimony should not be stopped
because she had removed from Santa
Clara County. Mrs. Spring became an
gered at her husband's attorney, and at
one stage in the proceedings hurriedly
left the courtroom, after having de
nounced her husband and another witness
as perjurers. Attorney Schelter coaxed
her back into the courtroom and things
went along smoothly.
Mrs. Spring was the first witness. She
denied that she had been served with a
restraining order commanding her not to
remove the furniture from her house.
Martin Burns testified that he had served
the order on her in San Francisco. He
said Mrs. Spring refused to take the no
tice and he laid it on her arm. This was
the testimony that enraged Mrs. Spring.
Judge Lorigan continued the case for a
week. ■
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
NEW YORK. April 14.— A special to the
World from Washington says: The first
thorough test here of the Marconi system
of wireless telegraphy was conducted to
day, under the supervision of Colonel
James Allen and Colonel George O Squier
of the Signal Corps. Communication was
established between the State. War and
Navy Departments building and the Na
val Observatory. The distance traveled
by the waves was more than a mile. No
attempt was made to send formal mes
sages, but words were flashed through
space, which demonstrated that messages
can be transmitted between two points
without the use of wires. ,
Marshall the Shotgun King.
NEW YORK. April 14.-The seventh
Grand American handicap at live pigeon
shooting furnished an opportunity for
Mayor Thomas Marshall of Kenthsburg
111., to make a record for himself by win
ning the event for the second time en the
"clover leaf" shaped traps at Elkwood
Park, New Jersey, to-day.
WOMEN REBUKE
GOVERNOR GAGE
Bitter Denunciation of
the Executive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 14— Governor Gage
came in for a good roasting at the
hands of the woman suffragists of this
county to-day, and had he heard the
expressions regarding him his ears
would have tingled for some time to
come. The occasion was the annual
convention of the Equal Suffrage clubs
of Santa Clara County. Over 100 dele
gates representing all sections of the
county were present. Mrs. A. L. Cor
bett of Palo Alto presided.
Mrs. Sturtevant Peet. president of the
State Women's Christian Temperance
Union, bitterly denounced Gage. She
said the vetoing of the bill granting
the ballot to women in school elections
was all that could be expected of a
Governor who would leave his duties
at Sacramento to attend the horse races
at San Francisco. Miss Sarah Sever
ance and Mrs. A. A. Sargent of San
Francisco made similar speeches and
the latter regretted that Maguire had
not been elected, for he undoubtedly
favored equal suffrage.
The adoption of the following resolu
tions was cheered:
Whereas, We, the suffrage women of
: Santa Clara County, in convention as
; sembled, believe in the principle of equal
rights to all and special privileges to
none; whereas, many of us are paying
• taxes; whereas, we bear and do our share
j in rearing men who become the soldiers
; and law-makers of the country; whereas.
,we assist in furnishing these soldiers.
'. and destroy none; whereas, women assist
, In restoring to health, home and useful-
I ness soldiers whom other men shoot
I down. and. when they cannot personally
do this, assist by various contributions;
whereas, we desire added respectability
j of citizenship; be it "-'.".-. ";:
Resolved, That we. suffrage women of
I Santa Clara County, in convention assem
bled, desire to express our supreme dis-
I appointment in Governor Gage of Cali
• fornia as a man and an executive for his
pocket veto of the school suffrage bill
that was passed with only seven dissent
ing votes in the last Senate and Assem
bly; be it further
Resolved, As wives, mothers and human
beings we express our gratitude for the
men who stood for justice.
SENTENCED TO DEATH.
Young Englishman Condemned for
Murder in Siam.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 14.— The Glen
ogle, from the Orient, brought the news
that Francis Drake Ames, son of Captain
Ames, was charged before the Siamese
Criminal Court with the murder of a Brit
ish subject, a police sergeant who had
been deputed to look after him by his
mother, as the boy had been in the habit
of frequenting opium shops. The police
sergeant endeavored to restrain him from
entering an opium den and was stabbed.
Ames was tried according to the Siamese
law and sentenced to death.
Mrs. Leiter to Go on the Stage.
CHICAGO, April 14.— Mrs. T. Benton
Leiter has announced her intention of
going on the stage. She will make her
debut at Auditorium Recital Hall next
Thursday evening. Mrs. Leiter is the
wife of Benton Leiter, the nephew and for
twenty years the private secretary of
Levi Z. Leiter. Her husband is suffering
from a mental malady, and Mrs. Leiter's
reason for quitting society and devoting
herself to the stage is that she may the
better care for her husband.
ADVERTISEMENTS. %
"There Are No Birds
in Last Year's NesC
So wrote Longfellow, and in Spring
days the birds are getting new nests. Their
blood beats warm and hearty with expecta-
tion, but how about yours, my friend, is
it warm and hearty, vigorous and pure? If
not, turn at once to that tried and true
remedy, Hood's Sarsaparilla, the world's
best Spring Medicine for making impure
blood clear and pure. The difference in a
person's feelings before and after using it
is phenomenal. Hood's never disappoints..
Grip Cold— "My boy had a terrible j Weakness— "My mother was weak
grip cold and was very much run down, but Hood's Sarsaparilla has made her
Hood's Sarsaparilla ' made him well • is I strong." George Lapoint, 1 Mechanic
growing strong and fleshy." Mrs. Thos. Street, Nashua, N. H.
A. Osborn, Norwalk, Conn. Impure Blood— "I was troubled
Tired Feeling— "While tending my j with pimples, resulting from impure blood,
children, who had malarial fever, I took j since taking four bottles of Hood's Sarsa^
Hood's Sarsaparilla and it relieved me of j par 'H a , the pimples have disappeared and
that tired feeling. My family all use it." jam well - w/. H. Mallins, 317*_ N. 3rd
Mrs- T. A Robertson, 318 Sixth Ay,, p, ( Steubenville, O.
Roanoke. Va. j Bladder Troubles-"Hood's Sar^
Sick Headache— "Wonderful i ... . . , M . ■_.
. ■ , , , , 1 sapanlla has done me so much good for mv
things have happened to me from taking ; gtomach and bladder , £
Hood s Sarsapanlla. Sick headache*, loss of _  _ ... __ .
r . ... , recommend it heartily to others. Am in
appetite, nervousness, biliousness and stony I fccttcr heaUh  {of -« , -.^ _ _
,  .... ,„ ._ _ better health than for 20 years. Rev. E. I.
ach trouble all disappeared. Miss Nora -. p. .. w v
Comer, Perry, 111.
Tetter-"My grandmother had a deal , Consumption-'*After the grip I
of trouble with tetter or scrofula in her j had bad cough dizziness and night sweats.
head. Hood's Sarsaparilla removed it. I ; Humor broke out and consumption was
use it myself with good results." Miss Ada j diagnosed. » One bottle Hood's Sarsaparilla
M. Sowers, Salem. Va. i helped me and four bottles cured me per'
Sick Head ache having I {cctlv *" Mrs. N. D, Kidney. Morris. Conn,
sick headache and bad stomach for a long j Pimples — used to be troubled with
time, I began to take Hood's Sarsapa, ! malaria and pimples i a friend advised me
rilla, which did me good, I feel stronger ;to take Hood's Sarsaparilla. I have been
and better every way." Mrs. Wm. P. ; free ever since." 1 W. Stewart, 605 Mytle
Alger, Jasper, N. Y. I Aye., Brooklyn, N. Y.
Hood's Tills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only . cathartic to take <uxth Hood's Sarsaparilhu
EVIDENCE IN THE
DREYFUS CASE
All Kinds of Stories Are
Published.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April 15.— The Figaro this
morning issues a supplement contain
ing the depositions of, the son of Gen
eral Grenier, who gives Esterhazy the
worst kind of a character.
Ecalle and Bousquet, two soldiers, de
pose they made sketches of the plans of
120 cannon for Esterhazy. They be
lieved their action legal.
General Guerrier gives unimportant
testimony. Colonel Jeannel deposed
that Dreyfus borrowed a shooting man
ual.
Commandant Cure relates that Colo
nel Piequart obtained information re
specting Esterhazy from Captain
Junck, who, in a deposition, generally
backed M_ajor Lauth's evidence.
Captain Valdant deposed he heard
Major Lauth's exclamation of indig
nation at Colonel Picquart's proposal.
Louise Gerard, Esterhazy's doorkeep
er, gives four columns of tittle-tattle.
M. Tournoi-e and his wife, living in
the same house with Esterhazy. report
the gossip they heard.
A. Paleologue gives information re
specting documents bearing on the
case. His testimony was generally fav
orable to Dreyfus. He produced M.
Tornielle's otters to M. Hanotaux
denying that Dreyfus had communicat
ed information to Italy.
M. Trarieux deposed as to steps taken
to clear Dreyfus. He reports conversa
tions with Tornielle, wherein the Em
bassador declared that Dreyfus had not
corresponded with the Italian attaches.
He gives the Embassador's explanation
of the famous cipher of November 2,
1894, of the Italian Government which
was misread by the French intelligence
department and used against Dreyfus.
The dispatch in question merely re
ported the Dreyfus affair was exciting
Paris owing to the fact that documents
had been produced showing that Drey
fus was a spy in the interests of Italy
and Germany, which statements were
untrue. '
NEEDED AT HIS POST.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 14.— According
to news brought by the Glenogle the
North China Daily News reported that in
view of the tension at Peking the leave
of the British and German Ministers. Sir
Claude Mac Donald and Baron yon Hei
king. had been stopped for the present.
On the following day the same journal
added: Nothing appears to be officially
known as yet of Sir Claude Mac Donald's
leave having been stopped, and he is still
expected to leave Tientsin on the ISth in
a British man-of-war, calling at Wei-
I hal-wei on his way to the south. It is
| thought at Peking that Sir Claude's
! health, which has suffered from strain
i and overwork, makes it necessary for him
to have a holiday, although he must
himself be averse to leaving Peking at
the present crisis.
_ «
Sophomore Orators Victorious.
PALO ALTO, April 14.— The sophomore
freshman debate which took place in the
chapel to-night resulted in favor of the
sophomores. The question was, "Re
solved, That the French revolution was a
failure." Representatives from the baby
class debated in the affirmative. The
victorious team consisted 'of J. F. English.
j J. R. Hartley and W. A. Morris.WHITE TALKS ON
NEW DEMOCRACY
Addresses a J efferson i an
Rally.
GROWTH OF THE TRUST EVIL
MAKING SERFS OF AMERICAN
PEOPLE.
Our Hoys Being Sacrificed in Far-
Away Lands to Build Up a
Changed System of
Government.
Special Dlsrat.h to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, April 14.— The New De
mocracy ■•• • ■■ launched night under the
auspices of the club bearing tic name of
the organization. Pictures -.1 lIK-jll,
Washington and Jefferson, with a larger
one of William Jennings Bryan in the
center, intertwined with Old Glory,
adorned the stage. Upward of seventy
live vice presidents occupied stats and
wen prominent in the applause. Burt
Estes Howard delivered the opening ad
dress on "Tiie Spirit of True' Democracy,"
which was remarkable for Its epigrams.
In closing Rev. Mr. Howard said:
We can thank Cod to-night that we are not
misrepresented in the United States Senate by
h man from Mexico or by the extinguished son
of a distinguished sire. " The new Democracy
is lined up against the common enemy, and as
of old we are looking for a man to lead us
through paths that are new; and in Introduc.
lng Senate r Stephen M. White 1 assure you he
Is your man.
Senator White spoke upon "Issues Con
fronting the American People." Senator
White in part _.iid:
This is not a day of solicitation for votes;
th.-re are no tickets in the Held; but the obli
gations as citizens are still upon us and they
nre worthy of most serious consideration. It
Is a happy" condition, this abridging of duty to
business cares and doing all that we can to
better the republic to which we belong.
There is no doubt that there Is a crisis upon
ns; therefore it is time to pause and reflect,
time to consider the agitations of human pas
sions. We have learned but little In this day
thai was not known hundreds of years ago. :
Republics have faded away, ruin has followed
ln their wake: they are gone and passed, dead :
nnd forgotten. They died because they vio
lated the truths and maxims that have ruined
all nations that failed to live by the Justness
end the honesty of their cause. I have no fear
to express my views, for they are well known
on all striking subjects of the day.
When we won our freedom in years ac-ne
were the motives of our illustrious sires venal
or corrupt; as they marched with sword of de
fense ln one hand and a pun of protection ln
the other when they sought to create the great
nation of to-day? For what did they win ilia
victory? They were not striving to form
trusts of oil. sugar, matches or beef. They
lived t-i meet their Issues, and BO must we
Whether we are Republicans or Democrats, let
t:s remember that the question of the hour Is:
Shall tills republic endure or shall it die? Do
we know more than other men? Is there any
difference ln the patriotism of Spartan warfare
nnd our patriotic wars? Are we sacrificing our
boys in far-away islands to better our condi
tions, or are we building up some other sys
tem of government that will strangle us as a
nation? I fear that the retrogression of na
tions and the decay of our people will cause
archaeologists to dig some day to find out if
we ever existed.
The trusts of to-day are terrible for me to
contemplate. They will make serfs of us, j
which Is only another name for slavery. The
question of the hour does not depend upon sll
ver or gold. It is. simply, shall the vast au- j
gregations of money power dominate this Gov
«>rnment and make this people subservient to
their will? Let us devise some scheme that ;
will at least for a time permit Individuality [
to triumph. The duty of the hour Is for the i
people from vale to mountain top to rally I
around - the American fias and establish an
American manhood. We need not conquer
barbarian hosts to show this standard of
American duty and establish a new standard
of justice.
PROBABLE CASE OF LEPROSY.
Woman Suspect Detained by Tacoma !
Health Officers.
TACOMA. -\ s*ril 11. -A sensation has
been caused by the discovery of a young
woman, supposed to be afflicted with lep
rosy, living in the southern part of the
city. Sne has been residing there for a
year past, coming and going at will. Her
name is known officially only to Health
Commissioner Schug, who could not re
member it when seen this evening. The
young woman is. about 22 years old, and
resides with another woman, supposed to
be her mother, in the old- abandoned
Pennsylvania House, which was use as
n hotel during boom times.
Health authorities have engaged Dr.
Yoi.-iim to make a bacteriological exami
nation of her case. If she has leprosy,
as Is supposed, she will be isolated.
HEIR TO AN ENGLISH ESTATE.
Search Being Made for a Former San
Jose Gardener
SAN JOSE. April 14.-John Whiting, a !
gardener, who formerly worked in this i
city, is wanted in England to claim r. '
P-iRe interest in an uncle's estate. Whit
ing left here a year ago. To-day a letter
was received inquiring for him from
A^nes Bridgers of Southampton. England '
She writes that their uncle has died, leav
ing immense properties. She at present
Is acting for Whiting, but wishes to hear
from him. He is about So years old. When '
lure he frequently told people he had
squandered one fortune, hut would re
ef Ive another large windfall. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Like the flame on the forge that looked fireless
and dark
Ere the bellows-draft quickened the smouldering
spark —
So life is n spark; and life is _ fire;
And life is a flame tiring higher and higher.
One free breath of nature ere hope dies in met.
And the fast- fading embers will wakeu again.
Thousands of people di _ of wasting weak-
ening diseases every year who by all rules
of nature am 5 reason ought to be restore-
to health ar.d strength. The medicine;
they rcceivt from the average doctor ac-
cording to regulation, stereotyped practice
are mere temporary palliatives; they do net
reach down deep into the vital organistr.
where the spark of life lies dormant wait-
ing to be awakened.
In numberless cases where every other
remedy absolutely fails Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery breathes its strong vi-
talizing pow.i upon the slumbering forces
of life and wakens them into active energy.
It quickens the digestive and blood-making
glands and empowers them to supply fresh
rich nourishment to all the organs and tis-
sues; imbues the heart and lungs with vi-
tality; destroying and excreting naturally
from the system the bile-poisoned dregs
which lurk in the circulation, thus building
up new constitutional vigor and activity.
"I took a severe cold which settled on my
lungs and chest, and I suffered intensely." writes
Mr. Harrison Smith, of Gapcreek, Ky. "I
tried several of our best physicians, and they
gave up all hope of my recovery; they said I had
consumption and could not live more than a few
weeks. I took five bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery and am sound and well to-
day. I feel better than I have in tea .years."
TENNANT MEMORIAL
HOME THROWN OPEN
PACIFIC GROVE, April 14.— John Tennant Memorial Home at this
place has just been completed and opened for occupants. It is in
tended as a home for old people— both men and women— and is built
with a view to the comfort of age and infirmity. It was built by
Miss Sarah Tennant, a wealthy woman of this blace, as a tribute to
the memory of her brother, whose name it bears and who died some years
ago in San Jose. As yet there are no oc.upants of the home.
SMOKE NUISANCE
PROVES COSTLY
Gas Company Made to
Pay Damages.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. April 14— In the
case of W. O. Booth against the San
I Mateo Gaslight Company, Judge Buck
I has just filed an opinion granting the
: plaintiff the relief prayed- for in his
complaint and $500 damages. The com-
I plaint was filed by W. O. Booth in
' August of last year. Booth is a resi
i dent of San Mateo. The defendant is
j a corporation, having its principal
; place of business in the same place and
is engaged in manufacturing gas in the
central and populous portion of the
i town. The gas plant proved a nuisance
j to the p! ilntiff on account of Its close
I proximity to his residence and he
i brought suit to have the nuisance
! abated and for $5000 damages claimed
i to have been sustained by him and his
I family.
The complaint alleged that until
i within sixty days previous to the com
mencement of the action the defendant
I was engaged in its business in a por
| tion of the town eight blocks distant
from its present site and in a com
paratively uninhabited locality. Sixty
days prior to the filing of the suit the
; company moved its works to the rear
of and immediately adjoining the land
and dwelling of the plaintiff. Sickening
odors and gases have entered the Booth
home, to the detriment of its occupants"
health. The plaintiff and his family
have frequently been nauseated and
troubled with headache.
Booth attacked the manner in which
the plant was conducted. He said that
it was a primitive and incomplete con
| cern and by reason of the fires kept In
I the furnaces and by reason, also, of
: the defendant's carelessness, reckless
: ness and negligence dense black smoke
j arose from the smoke stack and was
I driven in and upon his premises, filling
! his garden, yard and house and soiling
| clothes hung out to dry. i He further
I complained of the refuse water that
; was allowed to run from the works
j into his yard.
The case probably will be appealed
| to the Supreme Court.
CHINESE REFORMER'S
LIFE IS IN DANGER
Highbinders Said to Be on the Trail
of Fugitive Kang Yu Wei
at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 14.— A pri
vate dispatch to the local correspondent
of the Victoria Colonist this afternoon
contains the following from Seattle:
On Wong, highbinder, said to come from San
Francisco, has gone to Vancouver to kill Kang
Yu Wei. Watch It.
When the Seattle train arrived at 6
p. m. three Chinamen hurriedly left a
car and proceeded up town. \ They wero
accosted by a local Chinese Interpreter,
who had been let into the secret, but paid
no attention to him. Since tuen they
have disappeared.
Kang, the noted Chinese reformer, lec
tured on his pet hobby before a thousand
of his countrymen in the City Hall to
night. Before the meeting he was shown
the dispatch from Seattle, and when it
was read to him by Interpreter Cum Vow
he seemed much perturbed. His repiy
was:
"Thank the young man for his kind
ness (.meaning the reporter). I know I
have enemies in this country as well as
in China, but I am not unprepared to
meet them. I have been too close to
death to fear now. Mv plans will not be
altered by threats of assassination."
When Kang left for the lecture hall a
solid phalanx of Chinese surrounded him
as a bodyguard, and the greatest precau
tions were taken to prevent any attempt
on his life. .
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Changes Among the Letter Carriers
of Oakland.
WASHINGTON, April 14.-The Post
master General has reinstated David P.
Hoe as !a' second-class letter-carrier at
Oakland, Cal., in place of Thomas B.
Plnnegan, reduced to substitute roll. The
Postmaster general has promoted Oscar
G. Kohl from third to second class carrier
at Oakland. CaL, at 1860 per annum.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Jacob i:. Van Os
trand Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $G;
Allen' W. Andrews. Compton. $.; Henry
Slocomb Vlsalla; $12; Peter C. Johnson.
Anaheim, $6. Reissue, special April 5
(special Patrick O'Neill,. North San
Diego $30. Original widows, etc.— Helen J.
Hough, Los Angeles, $8; Mary Wight,
Denver ton, $8. 'f . .
Oregon: Original-William H. Whitney.
Gold Hill, 18. Reissue April 5 (special
act) Michael Lannan. Huntington. $20.
Washington: Original— Crosier,
Everson, $6. •
Alaskan Steamship Disabled.
SEATTLE, April 14.— News of the over
due Alaska steamer City of Seattle .was
brought here to-night from Juneau by
the steamer Laurada.- The Seattle broke
her crunk last Sunday about twenty, miles
this side of Juneau. She , was towed Into
Juneau by the steamer Arum. Her pas
sengers were transferred to the Laurada
and arrangements made with the tug
Czar. to tow her. to this city. . ;.-;.:.*•
Many Aspirants for an Office.
WOODLAND. April 14.— list of
those ' who are anxious to 'be appointed
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
to the office of Commissioner of Public
Works is growing. Yolo lias two candi
dates. Colusa one and it is rumored Los
Angeles has an aspirant. Sacramento
£°_ , ? ty *--■*" wants the office. Ex-Senator
William Johnston Is Industriously bring
ing all the Influence he can command to
bear on Governor Gage.
: __*_':- : - -•-
BASEBALL SEASON
OPENS AT THE EAST
Chicago Defeats Louisville and Wash
ington Loses to Phil
adelphia.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. April 14.— The Col
onels were virtually slaughtered by the
Orphans in the opening game of the Na
tional League Beasqp here to-day. The
all-around playing of the Chicago, and
Ryan's phenomenal one-handed catch
against the left-field fence were the fea
tures. Attendance 9000. Score:
Clubs- It. H. E.
Chicago 15 if, 0
Louisville IS 7
Batteries— Griffith and Donahue; Cunningham
and Klttrldge. Umpires— Burns and Warner.
PHILADELPHIA. April 14.— The base
ball season opened here with over 10,000
people In attendance and proved to be an
auspicious occasion for the home team.
Philadelphia won, but it was not an easy
victory, as Washington played a fine field
ing game and had the home team not
solved Killen's delivery in the fifth Inning,
and also in the sixth and seventh, a dif
ferent story might be told. Rey Thomas,
who formerly played on the University of
Pennsylvania team, answered all the re
quirements at lirst base. Score:
Clubs— K. 11. E.
Philadelphia C 9 4
Washington 5 8 1
Batteries — Plavy ami McFarland; Klllen and
McGulre. empires— and Connolly.
CLAWSON'S LICENSE
MAY BE WITHHELD
Porter Ashe at New York to Lay the
Case Before the Jockey-
Club.
NEW YORK. April 14.— R. Porter Ashe
has arrived from San Francisco on a still
hunt for Jockey Clawson, who presum
ably has been engaged to' ride for the
Whitney-Paget stable this season, hut
who, Ashe contends, is under contract to
the racing firm of Atkins & Lottridge of
California, which contract still has two
years to run. He proposes to lay the
Clawson matter before the Jockey Club,
and, if he does not get full satisfaction
there, will take it into the civil courts.
It is not likely that he will get any
speedy action in the case. The April meet
ing of the Jockey Club was passed over,
and there will be no . session until the
second Thursuay in May. .'■':•_"*■'
In the meantime the stewards of the
Jockey Club will have a meeting next
week, and it is possible they will with
hold Clawson's license.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Placed Horses at Newport, Bennings
and Memphis.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. April 14.— Weather at
Newport fine; track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Elkwood won.
General ruder second, Schrlevner third.
Time, 1:15%:
Four and one-half furlongs— Highland Lad
won. Maple second, Curtis third. Time, :56%!
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Deering won,
Rubet second, Alsirat third. Time, 1:48.
One and an eighth miles, selling— lsabey won,
Ray II second, Donation third. Time, 1:55%.
Poiir furlongs, selling -Fairy Dell won, Ter
apa second. Hetdown third. Time, ;49«4.
Six furlongs, selling— Bertha Nell won, Car
lotta C second. Dad Steele third. Time. 1:14%.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The weather was
warm and the track at Bennings slow to
day. - : '; " ,? ' ' : "- : -"v-' r :
Selling, six furlongs— Neuherger won, Rux
ton second. Prosaic third. Time, 1:17.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile— Monometalllst won.
Summer Girl second, Willet third. Time, :68%.
Seven furlongs— Double Dummy won, Bara
tarla second. Sensational third. Time, 1:13 3-5.
Eleven-sixteenths of a mile, selling— Tyran
won. Weller second. Nabob third. Time,
1:13 2-5. *>.'■■■■ - -j";
One mile handicap— Ben Vlndig won. Knight
of the Garter second, Egbart third. Time,
1:46 1-6.
MEMPHIS, April 14.— The weather to-day
was cool and threatening; track fast.
Seven furlongs, selling— Harry Floyd won,
Barblnger second. Argonaut third. Time,
1:29" . V, •"
Four and a half furlongs— Trladitza won,
Florence Aneta second; Lamplighted third.
Time, :57. *>.»*< - - , •-."- '•■'-
Six furlongs— Hobart won, Kentucky Colonel
second. The Barrister third. Time, 1:17.
The Country Club handicap, one mile— Cherry
Leaf won, Algol second, Debrlde third. Time,
1:43.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Ed Tip
ton won, Wilson second, Jimp third. Time,
1 £7%. **' •'''-„"-■
Seven furlongs, selling— The Diver won. Our
Nellie second, Tenby third. Time, 1:31.
CHAVEZ DIES TO-DAY.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 14.—
Manuel Chavez will be executed at 10:30
! o'clock to-morrow morning for the mur
der of a woman in Southern California
two years ago. The murder was cruel
and cowardly In the superlative degree.
Chavez sneers at his fate. He showed no
nervousness this evening and probably
will die in the stolid mariner in which he
has borne his long Imprisonment. • For
some reason a great many persons are de
. sirous of witnessing the execution, and
! the Warden has been deluged with re
j quests for permits.
WILL REBUILD IDLE HOUR.
NEW YORK, April 14.— There was a
rumor to-day that William K. Vanderbilt
intends to build another house on the site
of "Idle Hour." As Mr. Vanderbilt has
probably but just learned of the confla
gration his plans have not been communi
cated to any one on this side of the At
lantic. " ,-.- ]
His son, William K. Vanderbilt Jr., said
to-night that he knew nothing of his
father's plans regarding the place.
FANCY ('.UNAWARE DAY.
Some articles cut 60 per rent.
Some articles cut 50. per cent.
ODDS AN!) ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere
■'■'■.■.'
"RED BOOK" MAY
BECOME EVIDENCE
Quay's Counsel Fights
to Shut It Out.
BUT IT'S A BANK RECORD
EXPERT TESTIMONY GIVEN
WITHOUT USING NAMES.
Entries Made by Cashier Hopkins,
Who Committed Suicide, Expected
to Show the Guilt of the
Ex-Senator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. April 14.—Persist
ent, keen and brilliant argument be
tween District Attorney Rothermel on
the one side and Messrs. Watson, Shap
ley and Shields on the other upon the
admission of testimony which may go
a long way to establish the alleged
guilt of ex-United States Senator Quay
was the feature of to-day's trial, and
it culminated in a decided victory for
the prosecution.
The red book found in Cashier Hop
kins' desk after his suicide, and upon
the admission of which the common
wealth so largely rests its case, was
the shaft the District Attorney aimed
at the defense. To pave the way for
the final effort to introduce, the book
itself he succeeded, after .frequent
clashes with opposing counsel, some
times bitter and personal, in presenting
expert testimony to prove that the
book was necessarily a book of the
bank, as accounts in the books admitted
under the court's ruling would be made
intelligible by the red book.
Before starting his examination
Rothermel read to the court a state
ment of what he intended to prove.
The expert, he said, had made a thor
ough examination of all the books in
the case. He found that previous to
April 30, l.yi. the People's Bank paid
interest on the State deposit to the
State Treasurer, and that records of
such payments were kept in a regular
way un the books of the bank. After
April 30, 1891, when Mr. Hopkins ap- \
peared on the scene, a new system was
adopted. This entailed the addition of
another book— now known as the red
book— to the books heretofore kept by
the bank.
Meyer Goldsmith, an expert account
ant, was the witness upon whom the
commonwealth depended to accomplish
it's contention. During the whole course
of the expert's examination objection
after objection was made by the de
fense and as frequently overruled by
Judge Piddle, while the District Attor
ney in logical sequence drew from the
witness his conclusions as to the book,
based upon a comparison of what was
written on its pages with what ap
peared in the other books. Two ac
counts cut of upward of 1000 In the
regular books were incomplete and in
accurate unless explained by entries in
the red book. One was an item of $1519
entered in the individual ledger to the
credit of the person who received it. The
witness was not permitted to designate
the persons by name. He found this
item on the stub of the cashier's check
book, but what it represented he could
not say until he had examined the cal
culations in the red book. Here he
found the amount entered and the in
dications that it had been paid by the
cashier's check on November 4, 18.7.
Another item of $5325 25 he found in the
red book, dated October 30, 1894. He
stated that there were other entries in
the red book which explained transac
tions in the regular book, but the two
instances specified were the only ones
in which he had reached accurate con
clusions as to their nature and pur
pose.
Goldsmith said that when he first
opened the red book he did not consider
it a book of the bank, but when he
compared the calculations entered on
its pages with transactions in the other
books he was forced to consider it a
book of the bank. He explained this
by saying that prior to 1891 calculations
such as appeared in the red book were
regularly entered in the ledger, but
since then the red book had been sub
stituted and fulfilled and fixed the
same results.
During the cross-examination of this
witness, which was conducted by Mr.
"Shields, he testified as to a page which
was missing. The defense repeatedly
endeavored to get from him the state
ment that there might have been fig
ures and words on that page, which
would clearly explain the entries on the
other pages, and that the book as it
now stands is unreliable.- This was
ruled out, following an objection by the
District Attorney. This would seem to
indicate that when the final effort to
present the book in evidence comes to
morrow, the defense will make another
determined opposition to it on that
ground, even if the court should decide
that with relation to the transactions
testified to it is a book of the bank.
During all the examination touching
on the book, with the exception of the
two items mentioned, no intimation of
the amounts or names were allowed to
reach the jury. The prosecution all
along, however, has alleged that this
book will show that Cashier Hopkins
computed it on State funds and de
posited the money to Senator Quay's
credit. _______________________
HEAVY CUT IN RATES.
tyy.^\.:^' —
Los Angeles Lighting Co- panics En-
gage in a Bitter Warfare.
LOS ANGELES. April 14.— The failure
of the attempt to form a combination be
tween the Los Angeles Electric, the Edi
son and the San Gabriel lighting compa
nies has been followed by a war in rates
that has given Joy to consumers. The at
tempt to district the city, establish rates
and combine for mutual protection was
defeated, it is said by those who are cog
nizant of the facts, by the Los Angeles
Electric Company, it insisted on being
granted territory embracing half of the
city, on the ground that it was the pio
neer in the field. To retaliate the Edi
son and the San Gabriel companies have
made a cut which is equal to 60 per cent
on the average of all classes of lights,
forcing the Los Angeles, people to meet
this cut to-day. The end of this warfare
is not in sight, and as President Barker
of the Edison Company is in the East, no
cessation of hostilities is expected until
the object of his mission in the East is
accomplished.
GANS KNOCKED OUT.
George McFadden Defeats the Vet
eran Baltimore Lightweight.
NEW YORK, April 14.— Gans, the
veteran Baltimore lightweight, went
down before George McFadden- of New
York in the twenty-third round of their
fight at the New Broadway Athletic Club
to-night. Gans was not completely
knocked out, but fell from exhaustion
and. was unable to regain his feet. It
was a rattling good fight to -watch and
the 5000 spectators cheered the winner on
to victory. McFadden gave the most re
markable exhibition of blocking ever seen
In a local ring.
The men signed to fight at 133 pounds,
but McFadden was five pounds under the
mark. ,
Billy Needham of St. Paul and Sam
Dolon^f New York met in the prelimi
nary and fought ten hot rounds to a
draw. .
FRIENDSHIP OF
ITALY AND FRANCE
_!/• BJ U _i % /• •____ f~ " :i» -* -«K.
King Humbert Visits Fournier's
Fleet and Some Significant
Speeches Are Made.
CAGLIARI, Island of Sardinia, April 14.— The King and Queen of Italy,
accompanied by their suites and the Cabinet Ministers, lunched to-day
on board the French flagship Brennus. Great enthusiasm prevailed.
During the luncheon Vice Admiral Fournier toasted their Majesties
and in the name of President Loubet thanked them for the honor con
ferred by their visit to the French fleet, which he described as "conveying
fresh proofs of the sympathies of your Majesties with France."
King Humbert, in his reply, said: "Admiral, the sentiments you have
just expressed toward the Queen and myself and the wish which you
frame for our country in the name of your President And in our hearts the
same sympathetic echo. ; We. welcome the resumption of good commercial
relations with France. Italy, is animated by these feelings of cordial friend
ship and we drink to the happiness of France and the health of her Presi
dent. We thank him cordially for sending this fine squadron here, and you
ought to be as proud of the display as you are worthy to command."
As their Majesties left the ship, a royal salute was fired. Later In the
day King Humbert and Queen* Margherita received the Senators and Dep
uties in the royal pavilion.
NEW YORK, April 14.— A cable to the Sun from Paris says: The Jour
nal and Matin say that Admiral Fournier, commander of the French
Mediterranean squadron, which will shortly be reviewed by King Humbert
of Italy, off Cagliari, Sardinia, is charged with a commission to discuss
the position of Italy in the naval equilibrium of the Mediterranean. The
admiral will represent the advantage to Italy of securing the friendship of
France and suggest that a Franco- Italian naval combination would be of
more advantage to Italy than an English alliance. It is asserted that
Admiral Fournier has addressed a letter to King Humbert on the subject.
HOLD A BARONET'S
BODY FOR RANSOM
Indians Have Sir Arthur
Curtis' Remains.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 14— News
comes from the Hudson Bay posts on
the Ashcroft trail to the Stickeen River
and Lake Teslin to the effect that In
dians in the employ of the Hudson Bay
Company have a clew which probably
will lead to the recovery of the body of
Sir Arthur Curtis, the young English
baronet, who is supposed to have com
mitted suicide because of the hardships
he encountered on the Canadian trail.
The body is said to be in the posses
sion of American Indians, who have
carefully buried it and expect to get a
big ransom when the present ' search
instituted by his English relatives shall
have been abandoned. The Hudson
Bay Indians hope to obtain the body
by force and get the offered reward for
themselves. An Indian war over the
unfortunate lord's remains may result.
The story of Sir Arthur Curtis' death
is a sad one. He had been ranching at
Cosham, as many another wild young
Englishman of blue blood has done. He
got the Klondike fever and ■ with a
party of eight started over the Ash
croft trail. They had an elaborate out
fit and for a few' hundred miles all
went well. -'••":">*
Their troubles began before they
reached Mud River. They crossed that
stream on June 9 last year. - The next
morning Sir Arthur seemed moody. All
of the horses had been stampeded dur
ing the night and were nowhere to be
found. He loaded his revolver, lighted
his pipe and walked into the woods,
after saying good-by to Roger Pocock,
whose turn it was to guard the camp.
Sir Arthur never returned. There
were several theories regarding his
death. He might have fallen into one
of the sluggish branches of the Mud
River and lost his life. He might have
been killed by Indians. He might, in
a fit of despondency, have [ taken his
own life. The latter theory. is almost
generally believed.
The Indians soon gave evidence that
they were holding the body for ran
som, and they were offered $1000 for it.
They demanded $5000. but there was
every prospect that they would not
give up the body on the payment of
even that amount.
There has been no news from the
Mud River country for some time. The
news brought by the Farallon from
Dawson reached that city by Hudson
Bay Company carriers, who manage to
travel all over the great northland in
spite of the season.
AN UPRISING
I. FEARED
IN MANILA
Continued from First rage.
and many whitecoats running into the
hills.
The Laguna de Bal, at the beginning
of the fight, shelled the rebels, making
it too hot for the enemy./ The Ameri
cans entered San Antonio at sunset
without meeting any resistance. Twen
ty unarmed prisoners, bearing copies of
the proclamation of the United States
Philippine Commission, which they had
somehow secured, were afterward re
leased and sent outside our lines with
bundles of proclamations to distribute.
Two companies of the Fourteenth
Regiment are at the mouth of the river,
two are at Pasig and two at Lambun,
and one of the Fourteenth Regiment
and four of the North Dakota Regiment
are at San Antonio. The remainder of
the troops are at Longas. General Law
ton is on board the Laguna de Bal, and
the cascoes are off San Antonio. The
country occupied is thickly populated
and produces much fruit. v v ; ; -
JvlcKenna of the signal corps is inde
fatigable. He ran a wire thro the
hostile country without having a guard
with him. c-i'^rS"
Additional Filipino dead found near
Santa Cruz swell the number of the
enemy, killed on Monday to 150, includ
ing Paole Aguirro, one of the leaders,
and twelve officers.
. According to the statement of some
of the prisoners the Filipinos drove a
hundred Spanish prisoners and twelve
priests about Santa Cruz at the point
of the bayonet on Sunday night. Four
of the priests died of starvation. It
appears that the Filipino force at Santa
Cruz consisted of 300 rifles and 1000
boios. - . - " y-yyy
As 'he. lacks sufficient troops for gar
risoning. General Lawton will with
draw from the towns entered. Not a
house has been burned, the . only . con
fiscation being of pigs and . chickens.
It is hoped that this respect' for prop
erty will convince the natives of the
good intentions of the Americans.
At Pagbanjan a woman was found
hidden in a basket and a youth buried
in the. mud except as to his head. Both
were given food and money, to their
great astonishment.
All non-combatants are released with
American proclamations to be distrib
uted among their friends and all church
valuables are forwarded to the Arch
bishop.
Lieutenant Brooke has brought to
Manila one of the captured steamers
with five of the American dead, ten
wounded and fifty who were sick. Most
of the sick- attribute their disorders to
the Cuban campaign. Through the
treachery or Ignorance of the Filipino
pilot the steamer was stranded a
whole day, the provisions failed and
there was some suffering on that score.
Big Crops in Yolo County.
WOODLAND. April 14.— 1t Is probable
Yolo County will this year beat Its own
magnificent record in fruit and cereal
crops. There are more trees in bearing
this year than ever before, and except in
a very few localities all varieties of fruit
will yield well. There is a larger area
sown to wheat than ever before, and the
Indications are good for big crops in the
tule districts as well as on the high lands.
JOLLY TARS WILL
ENTERTAIN TO-NIGHT
Stanford and Berkeley boys helped to
make things lively at the Gingerbread
fete last evening. The Stanford Glee
Club sang its songs, the mandolin club
touched the strings. Frank B. Riley gave
some excellent monologues and R. V.
Culver's delightful "marks and remarks,"
a clever bit of pencil and monologue
work, won for the artist much applause
and several encores.
Mr. Hirshfeld, Berkeley's sole represen
tative on the programme, gave a splendid
sleight-of-hand performance.
To-day will be the great day of the fete.
This afternoon a programme calculated to
especially delight the young folks will be
ln order. In the evening the lowa boys
will hold the stage and give the great
vaudeville performance that has made
them as famous as performers as fighters.
To accommodate the large crowd that Is
expected this evening a limited number of
seats may be reserved at an extra charge
of 50 cents.
By general request the managers of the
Children's Hospital have decided to post
pone the charity ball which was to have
been held on Monday evening until next
September. The request came from many
of the patrons of the charity, who have
already taken up their residence in the
country, and the desire for a postpone
ment has been so general that it has been
acceded to.
The charity bail for the benefit of the
Children's Hospital will be the first large
event of the winter season of 1899.
GREEN
SICKNESS
Is rather a common disease and Is met
with amongst young women. It is caused
from an impoverished condition of the
blood. Being a
J^. —^ Wood disease Chlo-
/ 1 \ „ rosls can be cured
({si \ * by HUDYAN, the
S^^S great vegetable
2^.2jA remedy for the
'- £s blood and nerves,
"-il HI'DYAN will en-
rich the blood and
N give it back ■ its
healthy, red color.
A 4 N The blood being in
\ fa poor condition,
\ / none of the organs
1 /of the body are
I I properly nourished.
.' * HUDYAN will j
cause the blood to
become pure. HUDYAN will restore the
organs to a healthy condition. HUDYAN
will bring back the bloom to the cheeks
and cause the green tinge to disappear.
If you have the symptoms, take HUD-
YAN now, and they will leave you.
THE PRINCIPAL SYMPTOMS ARE i
1. CONSTANT HEADACHE— HUDYAN
will make the blood pure and nutritious
and the headache will disappear.
2. GREENISH OR YELLOWISH
GREEN COMPLEXION— will
make the complexion red and rosy. .
3. PULSATION IN THE NECK-Thls
Is due to the watery, condition of the
blood, and will disappear shortly after the
use of HUDYAN Is commenced.
4. WEAKNESS AND PALPITATION
OF , THE HEART - HUDYAN will
strengthen the heart and make the beats
full, strong and regular.
HUDYAN is the remedy that you want.
The color will return to your cheeks. Your
headache will disappear and you will no
longer appear weak and miserable. HUD-
YAN will restore the functions of nature.
Remember that HUDYAN Is for men and
women. Go to your druggist and. get
HUDYAN and follow the directions as
given In the circular. HUDYAN is sold at
50 cents per package, or six packages for
$2 50. If your druggist does not keep It,
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
COMPANY, San Francisco, Cal. Remem-
ber that you can consult the HUDYAN
DOCTORS FREE. Call and see the doc-
tors. You may call and see them or write,
as you desire. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
- Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
* . «AN FRANCISCO. CAZ
WORLD CHAMPION.
Great Bicyclist Advises All Rid-
ers to Use Paine's Celery.
Miller Has Found This Wonderful Remedy to
Be a Perfect Restorer of Impaired Nervous
Energy— Uses It in the Spring "When He
Feels Out of Sort 3 and Run Down.
"I won the? six-days' bicycle race in
Madison-square Garden," writes Cham-
pion C. W. Miller. "I covered 2007 miles
and beat my next competitor 22 miles.
"Two weeks from the date of that ex-
haustive struggle I would not have
known that it happened. I was In a_
good condition as any man could possibly
be. ; : ••'-■,•' •; ■' '
"I owe to Paine's celery compound a
debt of personal gratitude. For several
years I have. occasionally used.this splen-
* •; —
C. W. MILLER.
did spring remedy when I felt out of
sorts and run down.
"I have been a professional bicyclist
for about three years; before that I was
in the grocery business. Before the big
race in New York, feeling that I ought
to be in the best possible condition, be-
cause a nervous breakdown on the track
is the one thing that all well-trained men
are afraid of— began to use Paine's cel-
ery compound. It was part of my success-
ful training.
"But what I feel I ought to tell you
is this: That after the race, when I had
used up every bit of energy that I could
and was as far broken down as a man
would naturally be after such a tax upon
his energies, I felt the need of something
to tone up my system, to restore my
nerves, which were somewhat shaken; to
give me an appetite, which I had lost,
and I fell back upon Paine's celery com-
pound. I assure you that it did me so
much good that I am very glad indeed
to send you this letter.
"Trusting that riders who are not put
to such severe tests as I, and perhaps
couldn't stand such severe tests, may
have the benefit of my experience and
use what I consider a perfect restorer of
impaired nervous energy, I am.
"Yours truly. C. W. MILLER.
Champion Long Distance Rider of ___•
World."
__________ ,
_H FINE TAILORING
/fmSm. PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
Fs&sk WORKMANSHIP, ai
riE&b-S***? 25 P er ccnl Less lhan Other
tFIHE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 P er cen * Less * han Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
W Ml POHEIM
/MH All Wool Suits to &if) ._ tQt
/ mm Order from 3>lZ " 4>JJ
Im 1 Pant- from .. $4 to s|Q
vLp&^|l 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
ly IllOand 1 112 Market St. S.F.
465 i4th Street, Oakland, cal.
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property. V-.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright. _,
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
Inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,00 D
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities. -*-..,.- '
For terms and particulars address. , .
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal. .
OOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOO
• '«■** PALACE *-•?•--
%GRAND HOTELS %
0 SAN FRANCISCO. . ' Q
" Connected by a cover*"" passageway.
© 1400 Roomy— wi h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
0 : MOTS TEE PRICES: O
O EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO per day and upward O
-. American Plan. fS.OO per day .and upward rt
«* Correspondence Solicited. -...:_ • "
0 JOHN 0. ZIRKPATP.ICK, Ktsagar. O
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
PnttentscuredHt Home. Terms reasonable. Hnurs9
to3daliv;6.3otoB::» ev'gs. Sundays, 10 toll Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddresa
P. ROSCOE McMI-TY, M.D.
26' _ Kearny St.. San Francisco. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON * STii-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD Sk
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day;
tS to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: ftre grates in every
room; elevator runs all night. .;....;.
-' ; ; '
ii "PATENTS! J
X__3^33o MARKET ST. S.F.>^_lr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THJfI
great -Mexican - remedy;* gives - health and
Kraut- to sexual organ*. . Depot, Hi Market.
34
MAN AND RATTLER
DEAD SIDE BY SIDE
Grim Evidence of a horrible Duel
Between a Camper a 13d
a Sna^e-
_•_,
_\ TULARE, April 14.— Advices from Hunt, a small station south of Q
O here on the Southern Pacific Railroad, report the finding of the body of j£
§ an unknown man and by his side, a huge dead ' rattlesnake. The &
% traveler, whoever he was— for there was no means of identification — &
(5 had evidently stopped to camp for the night and make his evening W
§ meal. Remains of a fire and his unrolled blankets were still there. g
That a snake should attack a man -without any provocation is un- |s
O usual and. the supposition is that the rattler must have crawled into the #
"!§ man's .roll if blankets to keep warm, and. when disturbed, used its **
£• poisonous*, rips with deadly effect en the traveler's arm. That mem- 5
£> ber was horribly discolored and swollen. $
*^ The traveler had picked up a club and beaten the reptile into a SS
?j pulp, but too late to save his own life. The poison had taken effect «
£j and man arid snake lay dead, side by side, the victims of a most her- jg
« rlble duel. g
0 __. "°
Ho*;ono«;o.--0-*o_; o ?-O.!so?*0»*o?*oiJ o?ios*'0!iO-*QSJo_ son $ ?*os»O!*o?jo?20B
MRS, MURDOCH
CASE IS CLOSED
Opening Statement by
the Defense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS. April When the Mur
dock note case was resumed this morn
ing H. A. Skiff was called to the stand
for redirect examination. He testified
that he had not made the statement to
any one that he was to get $10,000 for
his testimony.
Mrs. M. J. Glover followed Skiff and
told how she had met the plaintiff at
Allen Springs in 1577. During the first
days of September of that year her
husband, who had been down at their
home near Orland, came up to the
spring's and reported to Mrs. Murdock
that there was trouble between the lat
ter's husband on the one side and
Samuel Murdock and William Murdock
on the other. Mrs. Murdock was sum
moned home about the first of Septem
ber and left immediately, remaining
four or five days. Th" witness cared
for the plaintiff's children while she
was absent. General Barnes failed to
shake her testimony.
C. B. Ashurst was recalled. He said
he had called on William Murdock just
a few months before the latter's death
Murdock told him of a large debt he
had to pay soon.
D. W. A. Sehorn said that in IM>4 he
was told by B. H. Burton, one of the
executors of the estate, that had Wil
liam Murd lived a few weeks longer
the note would have been settled.
After the introduction of an assign
ment of the note from William Meggin
scn to the plaintiff and the reading of
the deposition of William Megginson
the plaintiff rested.
In its opening statement the defense
claimed it would prove the note was
forged. Handwriting experts will be
gin their testimony on Monday.
To the Grade of Rear Admirals.
WASHINGTON. April IS.— The promo
tion of the following officers to the grade
of rear admiral was announced at the
Navy Department -ilav: J. W. Philip,
B. J. Cromwell H. F. Picking, B. Casey,
F. Rodgers, J. C. Watson. G. \V. Sumner,
F. J. liigglnson and L. Kempff.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAN YOU
BE CURED?
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happiness, success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
■§ j^*\ 8
Z f\ %
c J v k <__i I Hra
el ___> iw&&^l > ra
g mmiiWm i
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE PLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years' Experience),
Offices at 73 1 Market St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment ln the future, as they have In tha past,
from the ablest and most successful specialist
at the ag». Some doctors fall because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HEBE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks, Merchants and
Business Men in the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions . should be taken into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
reputation for • ".,--'<
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
..re necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory' treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY te n nVn^Unt^
yrtl'NG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN.
The awful effects of neglected or Improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of the
body and brain, dizziness, failing memory.
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study.
business or enjoyment of life.- Dr. Sweany's
special treatment will cure you, no matter who
or what has failed.
WFAf MFN lj ° rt vigor and vitality re-
ll knl\ 111 kill stored to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or
shrunken through diseases, overwork, excesses
or indiscretions are restored to full power,
strength and vigor by his successful system of
treatment.'
RHPTIIRF Cured by his new method without
nUriUIIL ,!-.. of knife or detention from
work— a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VARinnr.Fi f "y*-°cele. -w»Hln_ and ten-
VHIHUUULLL derness of the glands treat-
ed with unfailing success. - ,
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON fflS
cast? of the blood promptly and ' thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the -sj^stem forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES, SSSS& c dl
V-hlrh, if neglected, or improperly treated,
break down the system and cause kidney dis-
ease, etc.. permanently cured.
Fl FPTRIPITY Static, Galvanic and Fa-
LLLUiniUII I i radic Electricity scientifi-
cally used and nailed- In all Its modern forms
in conjunction with special medical treatment
In nil cases where it can lie of benefit.
l'i/D|TF If you cannot call at his office, fully
II 111 I L describing your symptoms and you
will receive In plain envelope a scientific and
holiest opinion of your case 'and a book ''of
valuable Information free of charge.
t Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. ra. and 6:80 to
Bp. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
offlce or address , -..' »
r. L. BWEANY.M. D.4T37 Market St., Bin rrane!se».C-I
WEED'S HONESTY
WAS QUESTIONED
Why the Woodland Man
Ended His Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, April 14.— The body of
the late James Oscar Weed was taken
I'OODLAND, April 14.— The body of
late James Oscar Weed was taken
to Oroville for burial this morning.
The inquest will not be held until Mon
day. There is no longer any doubt that
it was a case of suicide. In one of
Weed's pockets was found a box con
taining about a quarter of a grain of
morphine. The name of the store from
which the purchase had been made was
erased. The theory is that he had been
taking the morphine for twenty-four
hours, and possibly longer, with sui
cidal intent.
Drs. Voisard and Kier held an au
topsy. They discovered that all the
organs of the body were in a healthy
condition and that death was due to
; opium narcosis, induced by taking mor
phine.
Friends of the deceased now recall
I the fact that he had been very despond
! ent for some time. About four years
I ago he came from Chico and engaged
in the livery business. He lost money
' in the venture and two years ago re
tired. He afterward engaged in buying
and selling horses, but with no better
success. For nearly a year he had been
out of employment and much depressed
; on account of financial embarrassment.
j It transpires that he was further wor
• ried because of insinuations that he had
! not properly managed ft trust left in
j his hands.
On the death of his brother Albert,
! James Weed was appointed administra
j tor of the estate, which consisted of
some property in Chico. Last week his
niece, Emma Weed, caused him to be
cited to appear in the Superior Court
I of Butte County and make a showing
jof his management of the estate. She
was induced to take this course by
others on the assumption that he
handled some money of the estate for
which he failed to account. It was _.
pected he would answer the citation on
Saturday.
His sister, Miss M. J. Weed, who ar
rived from Chico this morning, says
that when she visited him in February
she found him very gloomy because
one of his own blood had questioned his
integrity, and he then expressed a wish
to be dead.
Miss Weed says the estate has been
well managed; her brother handled no
money belonging to it and she is cer
tain an investigation will show he has
never wronged his niece out of a dol
lar. She wrote to him to answer the
citation and that his explanation would
be entirely satisfactory to the court
and would effectually silence all evil
reports affecting his Integrity.
She is confident his own financial
troubles, coupled with the humiliation
of having his honor questioned by his
own relatives, weighed so heavily upon
his mind that he determined to end it
all by taking his own life.
Woodland people who knew Mr.
Weed intimately attach much Impor
tance to Miss Weed's statement. Many
persons knew of his financial reverses
but all credited him with being an hon
orable, high-minded man, incapable of
willfully injuring any person.
RABBI SOLOMON WILL
VACATE HIS PULPIT
LOS ANGELES, April 14. -Discord ex
ists in the congregation of B'nai Brith,
and Dr. M. G. Solomon, who has occu
pied the pulpit of the synagogue for the
past four years, will vacate on October
31, when his present term expires. The
trouble arises from the independent con
: duct of the rabbi, a leading Jewish fam
! ily taking a prominent part in the pro-
I ceedings. The feeling has been of long
standing, and while efforts have been
made to bridge the chain., dissensions
j have grown, causing the eminent divine
| to decline overtures for re-election.
Friends of Rabbi Solomon say his ene
mies complain unjustly because of Me in
! dependence of action, and assert that
those who » are causing the trou
, ble are the ones who followed a
similar course ever since they have
i formed part of the congregation. Rabbi
; Solomon is accused of possessing a self
: assertive and independent air, and of be
! ing entirely too fond of having his own
way. Herman W. Hellman, president of
the congregation, speaks in the highest
terms of the rabbi.
"Personally," he said, "I admire Rabbi
; Solomon's independent spirit. He has
| been a hard-worker and has established
an excellent system in the church. He
' thinks it best, however, to retire since
| there is discord in the congregation. He
will be able to command a good position;
I he Is a well educated and capable man."
■ — -♦ —
SAN JOSE-LOS GATOS
RAILWAY PROJECT
SAN JOSE, April 14.— An electric rail
way to connect Los Gatos with this city
is among the possibilities of the future.
Several times the project has been
brought to light, and two years ago a
survey was made and rights of way ob
tained. This time the Los Gatos people
have taken hold in earnest. A prospectus
has been issued and subscriptions of stock
solicited. .
The road is to be known as the People's
Electric Road. The capital stock has been
placed at $75,000, divided into 15.000 shares
of the par value of $5 each. H. M. Barker
J. H. Becker, A. Malpas and P. H. Jordan
of Los Gatos and H. T. Matthews of San
Jose are the prime movers. Some $5000 In
stock has already been raised. The price
of building and equipping the road Is to
be raised by subscription in either stock
or bonds of denominations of $5 or up
ward. The bonds will run for twenty
years and are to be a first lien on the
road. ...
The length of the road will be about ten
miles. It will traverse a thickly settled
part of the valley and in all probability
will pay from the start
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 1 5, 1899.
THE STOCK OF
THE NATIONAL
BANKS TAXED
Shareholders Cannot
Now Escape.
TIREY L FORD'S OPINION
ASSESSMENTS TO BE MADE ON
OVER NINE MILLIONS.
A Bitter Fight in the Legislature in
the Interests of Wealthy Cor
porations and Heavy
Capitalists,
Probably no hill Introduced in the late
Legislature was more bitterly fought by
combined capital than a measure intro
duced by Assemblyman Muenter of San
Joaquin County. Mr. Muenter's bill pro
vided for the assessment and taxation of
the entire stock issue of California's na
tional banks. It was fought, not only by
the agents of the banking institutions,
but by the heaviest holders of their cer
tificates. Assemblyman Grove L. John
son of Sacramento was the acknowledged
agent of the allied banks on the floor of
the Assembly and resorted to every pos
sible scheme to prevent the progress of
the bill from the time it first appeared
in the House. Only the constant vigilance
of Mr. Muenter prevented the success of
the plans of Johnson and the powerful
i lobby that was dispatched to Sacramento
to his assistance.
Considering the fact that the bill would
impose a tax on $9,000,000 Invested in a
collateral that had previously been al
lowed to accrue its profits without license
of any sort, the attitude of the banking
fraternity and Johnson's tireless energy
1 in his fight to defeat it are not to be won-
I dered at. The first attempt to enforce the
| provisions of the new statute was made
j in Los Angeles County, where the officials
. of the warm belt were confronted by legal
| mists that they were unable to Bee
through, ln order to secure legal light
! upon the subject the District Attorney
' sent to the Attorney General, Tirey . 1-.
! Ford, for his opinion. * Mr. Ford's answer [
I is in substance that the stock should be |
assessed the same: as other property, as
the following shows: ':**'?•*".
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14, 15.9..
James >'. Rives, District Attorney. Los An
geles, CaL— Dear Sir: In your communication
of March 23, IS&9, You say:
"We desire your opinion upon a question sub
mitted to us by .the Assessor of .Los Angeles
County, In connection with the assessment of
national banks for the fiscal year of 15..-1900,
for which th.- Assessor is now making his as- :
sessment. According to Information obtainable i
by us the Legislature hits amended section
36.8 and added sections 3609 • and 8610 to the <
Political Code, providing lor a. scheme tor the I
assessment of stock ln national banks. This
statute, -we are Informed, was signed, by the j
Governor on March 14, 1899, and went into ef- '.
feet by its provisions on that day, and the i
Assessor as,..- and we desire your opinion on
the question as to -whether or not. this scheme
of assessment should be followed in reference
to national banks In assessing for the year In
dicated, or whether the act, not having gone !
Into effect until March 14, It would be proper
to assess under its provisions this year. March
1 being the date on which the liens for taxes
attach." • . ,
Assuming "the validity of the act of I*., and
\ of the. constitutional right of the Legislature to
I enact; the same, .- as to • which , matters 1 ; ex
press; no present opinion, 1 beg leave to sub
! Mit the following conclusions . with - reference
; to the. precise Inquiry contained in your com
munication,- namely, whether the scheme of
assessment provided for in said act should be
| followed by the County Assessors In their as
sessments for. the year 1893, "or, whether the
act, not having gone into effect until March
14, it would be proper to assess under Its pro
visions this year, March 1 being the date on |
which liens for taxes attach." Prior to the
amendments to the Political Code of 1599, to
which you refer, It may be doubted whether
shares of stock of national banks, as such,
situate in this State, could be assessed, for
assuming that such shares of stock were liable
to assessment as other personal property under
article XIII, section 1, of the constitution of
this State, and In pursuance of section 6219
of the Revised Statutes of the United States,
the section of the constitution here referred to
was not self-executing and, therefore, re
quired legislative enactment to provide the
mode of fixing the valuation, etc., of such
shares of stock.
M Henry vs. Downer, 116 CaL, 20; Teople vs.
National Bank, etc., 17 Cal. Dec. P., 2; Mil
ler vs. Hellbron, 58 cal., 133-141.
This the Legislature failed to do prior to the
addition of sections 3609 and 3610 of the Politi
cal Code In 1899. The constitutional provision
above referred" to. In conjunction with section
5219 of the Revised" Statutes of the United
States, permits the taxing of shares of stock
of national banks as other personal property
Is taxed.
Following the constitutional provision refer
red to, section 362$ of the Political Code pro
vides for the assessment of property to the
persons by whom It was owned or claimed or
In whose possession or control It was at 12
o'clock meridian on the first Monday In
March of each year, and the same section of
the Political Code also provides that the Asses
sor must between the first Monday ln March
and the first Monday in July of each year as
certain the names of all taxable Inhabitants
and all property in his county subject to tax
ation, etc. Section 3652 of the Political Code
provides that he must complete his assessment
book on or before the first Monday in July Qf
each year, and sections 3609 and 3610 of the
Political Code, added in 1899, and taking effect
March 14, 1599, In other words, Immediately
upon Its passage, provide the mode of arrest
ment of the stock of national banks. Sectjpn
3717 of the Political Code provides that every
tax due upon personal property is a lien upon
the real estate of the owner from and after
12 o'clock meridian of the first Monday in
March of each year.
In San Francisco vs. Pennle, 93 Cal. 465. Har
rison, J., ln speaking of section 3628, at page
473, says:
"The Assessor Is not required to make his
assessment on that day. Section 3628 of the
Political Code provides that 'the Assessor must,
between the first Mondays of March and July
ln each year, ascertain • * * all property lit
his county subject to taxation * • • "and
must assess such property to the persons by
whom It was owned or claimed, or in whose
possession or control It was at 12 o'clock m.,
of the first Monday of March next preceding';
and section 3625 of the same code provides that
he must complete his assessment book on or
before the first Monday In July in each year.
In the City and County of San Francisco the
Assessor must complete the assessment of per
sonal property on or before the first Monday
of June in each year (Stats. 1874, p. 447). The
value of the property is to be fixed as of the
first Monday of March, but a subsequent as
certainment by the Assessor that such prop
erty was on that day under the control of the
Individual assessed Is within the provisions of
the statute, and In the present case It Is not
disputed that such was the fact.
It Is therefore evident that the value of per
sonal property Is to be fixed as of the first Mon
day in March of each year.
The tax on the stock of national banks Is
due when assessed (see sections 3820 and 3K21.
Political Code) ; in any event, within ten days
thereafter 'see section 3610, Political Code,
added in 18991. and so in no case where the
property Is assessed after the first Monday In
March of each year, but within the time al
lowed by law, would the statute operate In any
manner different than It does under said sec
tions 3609 and 3610, Political Code.
Under the case of McHenry vs. Downey, and
other cases cited, and section 5219, Revised
Statutes, supra, it would seem clear that the
shares of stock of a national bank have been
liable to taxation, as other personal property,
at all times since the adoption of the State
constitution In 1879; but, assuming that such
shares were exempt from taxation, still this
would not prevent the Legislature from revok
ing the exemption and imposing a tax upon
the shares, within the proper limits, because
there is no vested right In a statutory exemp
tion of property from taxation when the ex
emption is granted as a mere privilege or
gratuity, and not upon a contract or consider
ation moving to the public. (Cooley's Const.
I.im., section 353; Welty on Assessment, sec
tion 176; Christ Church vs. City of Philadelphia.
24 How., 801.) .. . .':
There being no vested right in the exemp
tion conceding such exemption, it was within
the power of the Legislature to. -.revoke the
exemption and Impose a tax, even- though by
so doing It might Impose a tax retrospectively.
I am therefore of the opinion that under the
law as It now stands the Assessor of your
county should proceed to assess the shares of
stock of the national banks as required by sec
tions 360?, 8909 and 3610 of the Political Code I
for the fiscal year 1899-1900. Very truly yours. !
TIREY I. FORD. Attorney General.
Indoor Athletics.
The indoor tests which have been a
monthly feature of Young Men's Christian
Association gymnastics will come to a
conclusion on Monday evening, April 17.
The competition has been close and the
young athletes have been practicing
nightly for the culminating event. The
programme will consist of five events, the
broad jump, the quarter-mile run on the
gymnasium track, the horizontal bar, the
long horse and mat work. The yearly
averages will be made upon the comple
tion of the scores and the prizes will then
be awarded.
COOK MAKES REPLY.
Answers Judge Coffey's Letter Re- \
garding Guardianship Cases.
Judge Coffey of Department 9 of the j
Superior Court of this city has commu- j
nicated with the presiding Judge of the
court asking that in future guardianship
cases be assigned to other departments
of the court. Judge Coffey makes this ,
request by reason of a decision handed '
down by Judge Cook releasing little
Emma Hoag from the Maria Kip Orphan
age on a writ of habeas corpus and tech
nically giving the child into the custody
of her mother, Mrs. Katherine Bennett,
from whom she was taken by order of
Judge Coffey. As Judge Coffey's request
to Presiding Judge Daingerfield, asking
that no more guardianship cases be as
signed to his court is a direct slap, at
Judge Cook, that jurist .has written the
following reply, which is now 'In the
hands of Judge Coffey:
~~\fl April 14. 1899.'
Hon. J. V. Coffey, Judge of Superior Court-
Dear Sir: My attention has been called to a
note sent by you to the presiding Judge of this
court .wherein you attempt to criticize my ac
tion ln a habeas corpus proceeding assigned me
for hearing by Judge Dalngerfleld. .
Before thus petulantly expressing your feel
ings you should have ascertained the facts. It
la not my business to act as both Judge ftnd
counsel, and when cases are submitted with
out any evidence counsel so submitting them
are not usually entitled to judgment. In the
case ln question the respondent's attorney sub
mitted his case without offering or even - pro
ducing any letters of guardianship, either from
your department or any other. He contented
himself with offering only an order for the
Issuance of such letters, which order was con
ditional on its face (and the condition had not
been complied with when Judge Daingertield Is
sued the writ) and a guardian's bond. No let
ters of guardianship were offered at all and the
case was submitted. I refused to order the
child into her mother's custody, but being over
14 years of age and no evidence being pro
duced to show any one entitled to detain her,
on the suggestion of the attorney for the or
phanage I permitted her to go where she
wished. Respectfully, CARROLL COOK.
It is thought that Judge Cook's reply
will end the controversy, but as Judge
Coffey took great interest in the welfare
of little Miss Hoag it may be carried fur
ther. In any event. it is hoped that the
dignity of the court will not be sacrificed
during the settlement of this seemingly
important matter.
EDUCATORS CLOSE THEIR
INTERESTING INSTITUTE
ADDRESSES BY ABLE MEN FROM
THE UNIVERSITIES.
Committee on Resolutions Requests
the Supervisors to Set Aside a
Million and a Half for
. School Improvement.
The teachers' Institute, which has been
in progress during the past three days
in the auditorium of Mission High School,
was brought to a brilliant close yesterday
afternoon. The success of the institute
has been a marked one. It has attracted
an immense. attendance and those so for
tunate as to be present have heard the
best known educators in the State speak
on subjects with which they are familiar.
Both the University of California and
I.eland Stanford Jr. University sent their
most learned men to address the teachers.
Among the speakers yesterday was David
Starr Jordan, who has something inter
esting to say at all times. His theme was
"Value of Higher Education."
As has been the custom, proceedings
were opened with music, the contributors
representing the . ninth grades of -. the
Crocker Grammar School, under the di
rection of Miss Elizabeth .Wade.'- Henry
Meade Bland was the first speaker of the
day, his subject. being "A Few Thoughts
on the Making of School Law." .He said
that it .has been claimed that teachers
are not agreed upon the essentials of
school law. He held to the contrary, say
ing if they could be heard it would be
found that where any differences have
developed they resulted from attempts to
legislate in such a manner as to affect
localities instead of for the entire State.
One common point upon which the teach
ers are agreed is that there should- be
State institutes, where all the teachers
could be brought together for instruction
and study.
There should be a raising of the stand
ard of entrance requirements to the Nor
mal School. This will have the tendency
of elevating the profession of teaching.
There must be a more secure tenure of
office, and lastly, the influence of politics
must be removed from the schools. The
speaker suggested that 'nominations for
all school offices be placed in the hands
of conventions separated from all poli
tical parties and influences.
Professor Thomas P. Bailey of the Uni
versity of California spoke on "Love and
Law." His contribution to the pro
gramme was loudly applauded, and he
was compelled to bow his acknowledg
ment of the applause. He said in part:
"We want the law that can be fulfilled.
The law of habit which will go with the
child through life. The habit of rever
ence, the habit of veneration of custom.
This custom must then pass into law.
We must have strong law In the school-
room. I believe in the sovereignty of the
teacher. The teacher must feel that what
she does Is done with the authority of
the State behind her. The children must
be taught to look upon the teacher as the
representative of sovereign power. When
an attempt is made to put the authority
back to some one above the teacher she at
once loses authority over the pupils.
When too much of the responsibility is
taken away you get far away from the
true spirit of teaching, which is the influ
ence of one character over another. When
a teacher is unable to govern by the laws
of courtesy it is not best to go to the
Superintendent, but to replace that
teacher by another. You may be sure the
secret of true discipline lies in a proper
appreciation of character, of respect for
that and for the law of love. Having
these, we may be sure that the question
of school discipline will take care of It
self."
Mrs. Blanchard sang, and Miss Eliza
beth Bartlett recited. Professor Elmer
E. Brown, head of the department of
pedagogy at the University of Califor
nia, spoke on the "Social Aspect of Edu
cation."
President Jordan was the principal
speaker of the closing session.
The committee on resolutions, consist
ing of C. H. Murphy. T. B. White. Miss A:
E. Gavigan. Miss Jean Parker and W. H.
Edwards, submitter Its report. In tins i
they asked that when the Supervisors !
submit to the qualified voters of San i
Francisco the proposition of issuing |
bonds for permanent improvements they !
Include in that issue $1,500,000 for perma- j
nent improvements in the School Depart- I
ment. They expressed pride and pleasure |
in the fact that the next National Edu
cational Association meeting will be held j
here. They asked that entrance ad- I
mission to the California State Normal I
School be restricted to High School grad
uates or equivalent, and that the course
of study be limited to two years. Thank- I
were extended all the speakers and offi
cers of the School Department.
Town Talk.
This week's issue, enlarged to 32 pages,
is the best under the new management.
Exclusive society gossip, with reference
to the drinking habit in • swelldom and
how it led to the death of one of the
Inner circle; the latest fad at Burllngame.
weddings of the week, social, club and
political happenings, cover ten pages
written in the Saunterer's best style.
Original jokelets, culled from the wits at
the clubs, besprinkle the pages. Several
beautiful half-tones appear in the num
ber. There is a storiette apropos of a re
cent wedding in New York nigh life, and a
story translated from the French of Dau
det by Irene Connell. Shysters are shown
up by the Court Reporter and the Aca
demic ' League field day is criticized by
Olympian. Wellard Batchelder and Al
fred Metzger give some timely 'musical
criticism, and there is correspondence
from Sacramento, Alameda and Santa
Barbara. Thirty-two pages of splendid
reading matter for 10 cents at all news
dealers. •
Chinese Lottery Men Fined.
. Ah Fun and Ah Chung were yesterday
fined $30 each by Judge Mogan for selling
lottery tickets and Ah Gong was fined $50.
In Ah Gong's case Attorney Coffey gave
notice of appeal. ......
_jj__j£_' l __\ W .MB ■ __ fi __ "n * ."'lf f^P' ■ W|. m__ V A J^S_\\ ~"_l skmkwxB "*•*» //_-$^T efißZ
v^^S^Sf^S^J" ~V ftl^^ - /_g__\_ 9
IN tebtNl^GMßlNATfofi'
HTHE pleasant method and beneficial effects of the well-known remedy, Syrup of Figs, manufactured
****■ by the California Fig Syrup Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the liquid laxative principles
of plants known to be medicinally laxative and presenting them in the form most refreshing to the taste
and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening laxative,
CLEANSING THE SYSTEM EFFECTUALLY, DISPELLING
COLDS AND HEADACHES, PREVENTING FEVERS,
OVERCOMING HABITUAL CONSTIPATION PERMANENTLY.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and substance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, make it the ideal laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they are pleasant to the fe6te, but
THE MEDICINAL QUALITIES ARE OBTAINED FROM SENNA AND OTHER AROMATIC PLANTS,
by a method known to the California Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial effects, and
to avoid imitations, please remember the full name of the Company printed on the front of every package.
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce purchase at about the same price that others
pay for cheap and worthless imitations. To come into universal demand and to be everywhere considered
She best of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of the best informed
'purchasers. The California Fig Syrup Company having met with the highest success in the manufacture
and sale of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has become important to all to have a
knowledge of the Company and its product. The California Fig Syrup Company was organized more than
fifteen years ago, for the special purpose of manufacturing and selling a laxative remedy which would be
more pleasant to the taste and more beneficial in effect than any other known. The great value of the
remedy, as a medicinal agent and of the Company's efforts, is attested by the said of 'millions of oottles
annually, and by the high approval of most eminent physicians. As the true and genuine remedy named
Syrup of Figs is manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact
will assist in avoiding the worthless imitations manufactured by other parties. ' _ •
(AUFSRNIA JTG _WP Q
««>«_*___*• FR c^ C/5 c %^y o RK,vtf-
for Sale by All Dru^ishs , Price 50 Per Bottle.
WANTED TO BE
REVENGED ON
THE MATRON
Lively Scene at the
Training Home.
Mabel Davis, aged 14 years, created con
siderable excitement at the Girls' Train
ing School on Natoma street, where she
Is confined, yesterday afternoon by de
claring her Intention of killing Miss
Shawhan, the matron. Seizing a carving
knife which she had concealed under the
mattress of her bed, she put it in the
sleeve of her dress and started out to find
the matron.
Several of her companions, who had
heard her threat, lost no time In noti
fying her intended victim. Summoning
two of her assistants, the matron had the
vicious girl strapped down until Police
man Coleman of the Society for the Pre
vention of. Cruelty to Children, who had
been notified, arrived. Coleman attempted
to quiet her, and Was rewarded by being
almost knocked off his feet by the infu
riated girl.
"You can't take me away until I kill
the matron," she fairly screeched. "She
has not treated me right and I want to
get even with her."
Coleman seized her by the arms and
started to lead her from the building. As
the girl is remarkably well developed for
her age and is astonishingly muscular, she
defied the policeman to remove her.
"I won't go with you," she angrily de
clared. "I know you want to lock me up
ln the City Prison."
Failing to Induce her to accompany him
Coleman seized her and started to drag
her downstairs. She fought viciously and
on reaching the door she, In her madness,
kicked a hole in one of the panels. Her
screams could be heard almost a block
away, demanding that the policeman re
lease her and pleading for a chance to
"get even" with the matron.
After considerable trouble Coleman
finally managed to reach the City Prison
with the girl, where she was booked for
some public institution. '
"I was treated like a dog by the matron
of the home." she remarked to Desk Ser
geant Bidwill. "Yesterday I took a knife
off the table, intending to use it In cut
ting some paper, when she roughly seized
me and locked me in a dark room. For
over twelve hours she fed me on nothing
but bread and water. After thinking over
my miserable existence I resolved to kill
her. and had one of the girls get a knife
for me. I put it up my sleeve. Intending
to use it at the first opportunity. Just as
my chance had arrived she became suspi
cious, and had one of fhe attendants
search me. The knife was found in my
sleeve and taken away from me.
"I'm sorry I did not have a chance to
show her that I meant business," she
rather mournfully remarked; "but if I
am sent back to the home she will be
carried out a corpse."
The vicious girl will not have an op
portunity to be revenged on the matron
of the home, as it Is the intention of the
police to have her sent to the Magdalen
Asylum to-day, where she will be thor
oughly disciplined.
A HEAVY COMBINATION.
Word was received in the Southern Pa
cific offices yesterday that James Speyer,
the purchaser of Mrs. Stanford's Central
Pacific interests, had left New York City
the day before on his way to this city.
He will join C. P. Huntington here, and
together they will make a thorough in
spection of both the Southern Pacific and
Central Pacific properties as soon as Mr.
Huntington has closed up his annual busi
ness. Mr. Speyer is a senior member of
the firm of Speyer & Co. of New York
City, and with Mr. Huntington swings a
majority interest in Central Pacific af
fairs.
Ladies' Sodality at Mass.
The Ladies' Sodality will receive holy
communion in a body at the 7:30 o'clock
mass at St. Ignatius Cathedral to-mor
row morning. Special music will be
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Resporjsible Merc ha Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers, Wholesale Traders. Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
BELTING. j FRESH AND SALT MEATS. •
[ P RFfiFN Manufacturer or Belting lAC FftYF's dipping Butchers. 10.C. m
!_, I. UL.UL.-l, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- , * ,A3 * -DUIE3, clay. TeL Mam i_w.SU),
elon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. I ~~~ — —
— HARDWARE
BOILER MAKERS. D A LACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
--.---. --,-- BOILER WORKS, * ers in hardware, 603 Market- HP i
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, —, .^nd.,^
. . £?£__.'<__ BRADT. Proprietor. Western Foundry. Morton S Hedle V. Proo*.
Special Atuauon Paid to Repair, ana snip 234 Fremont St. Casting of Eyery DsT
„,_ , _ Work scrip tion Made to Order. Tel. Black 150*.
Office and Works --113-115 MISSION ST. lio.ops *""
TC '"* one Main 5045. or;l)0L - WHIBKET gallon.. R " $1.50; .„,,$•«•
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. °" * £ gjjg , BON. Sfi^ffiSif? ?J8
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, :: N o BETTER oolrtF^^
PAPER DEALERS.
ruff Rfivm s^^iS willamette i%™zs£**?h-„
Unl I Ml J JH I Steam "and Lager. PRINTING. '.: ,
wini. iiw i i i __. Ec Overcoats and f_r /■> hit/>uc_> __.-...»■-.-
- checked free. E- C HUGHES, 611 snw ™si»*.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. STATIONER AND PRINTER "
J. C. WILSON & CO., T, g'PARTRIDGE V™±
WOO BATTERY STREET. THE HICKS- JL'DlTcfl lJrlnte » *"*• «.
Telephone Main ISC4. I " t ' UIVR J JLiW WU-, bindery tt First «t.
COPPERSMITH. " THFHA . I^??° U E :
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M*r. ! Fcr - ... nK Agents &n& Publlc M Wether. CO "
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine. Steamboat era} Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse* <3-_-
-and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main .314.
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641. — WATCHES ETC ~ "
DENTISTS. T. LDNDY.' Ira^P_ irt w rB „^ r - 1 5.-- Jewelry ana
ft» f W nFflfFO-^ Market, rm.. «to 10. - LWUIt l _± Wedding Ring.. i M .t.
Uft- V IT- UCWIVCII Colton gas for painless WHITR A«H ctc»u ,-___._
extraction of teeth a specialty. Will lE. A "Ml STEAM COAL,
: Mined by the
; DRUGGISTS 'WHOLESALE. BLACK DIAMOND COAL MININO COt nt Its
REDINGTON & CO Seco da -? d , st M , en ; S^J^J^cSa SfWSSSt
lILUIHU 1 Ull Ob UUi son Sts. TeL Main 4 Dftca and Tt_nU— Main StowMfe
rendered by the society's choir during
the ceremony. On Sunday next the La
dies' Sodality will give a concert in their
hall in honor of the reception of new
members. The college orchestra has
I been secured and it will play a number of
I selections.
Fatal Accident to Painter Reed.
George Reed, a painter, died at the. City
and County Hospital yesterday after lin
gering for eight weeks, from the effects
of injuries received while working in the
San Francisco gas works on Bay street
He was hoisting a bucket of coal, and
the bucket catching on his clothes lifted
him several yards above the ground and
let him drop. ~: - .v'- .
The deceased was a native of England
57 years old and resided on the corner of
Fillmore and Francisco streets.
The best place in the city to buy Pianos
is Mauvais', 769 Market street. •-.•STEAMERS FOR
ALASKA PACKERS'
ASSOCIATION
Will Take the Place of
" Wind- Jammers. "
PLANS ALREADY PERFECTED
THEY ARE TO BE BUILT OF
STEEL THROUGHOUT.
Orizaba to Take the City of Topeka's
Place in Alaskan Waters Ca
ptain Kustel to Turn Orange
Grower.
Henry F. Fortmann, president of the
Alaska Packers' Association, is nothing
if not progressive. He is a thorough ad
vocate of the use of the best material ob
tainable and is constantly on the lookout
for improvements In the machinery that
moves the vast concern over which he
presides.
The Alaska packers own and operate
the largest fleet of sailing vessels and
small steamers on the Pacific Ocean, but
it is Mr. Fortmann's ambition to see the
"wind-jammers" replaced in part, if not
ether, with ocean-going steamers.
With this object in view the plans are
now being perfected for the building of
one .of the finest steel steamers of her
class ever seen on this coast. Instead of
the designing being left to the builders
-.the plans for the new vessel have all been
/made by the association's engineers and
I the.steamer will be built under their su
pervision.
The designs for the new vessel have
been made by W. P. Lindley and the de
tail drawings' of the engine by Tom Ran
som. The name has not yet been decided
upon but on the plans the new steamer
appears as "The 1900." She will be built
of steel throughout, no wood being used
except in the trimmings of the cabins and
the facings of the berths. She will be
217 feet over all. 35 feet beam and IS feet
deep, with a displacement of 2100 tons.
All the scantlings used in her construc
tion will be in excess of Lloyds demands
so as to make her extra strong, and, be
sides this, she will have a cellular double
bottom and six water-tight compartments.
The main hatches are to be very large,
so as to make the handling of long tim
bers and heavy packages easy. The
lower hold is to be 108 feet clear and Is to
le specially fitted for the carrying of
33,'> k.i cases of salmon. The 'tweendecks
will he very large and commodious and
would make the vessel a splendid troop
ship.
"The 1900" W ill be fitted with two en
gines and twin screws. Her Babcoi k &
Wilcox water-tube boilers will have a
work pressure of 225 pounds and a
heating surface of ».tOO feet. She will have
inverted cylinders of the triple expansion
type, with a diameter of 9.154 and .'7
inches and a common stroke of 24 inches.
There will be piston valves in the high and
intermediate cylinders, and a double port
ed slide in the lower pressure, all of which
will be worked by the Stephenson valve
gear. The crank shaft will be of the
built-up type and 6 inches in diameter,
There will be an evaporator and auxil
iary condenser and a steam reversing en
gine.
The engines will be 750 horsepower, and
the 1900 will average 10 knots. She will
have accommodation for twenty-six cabin
and twenty-six steerage passengers. She :
will lie fitted with steam steering gear,
steam towing machine, steam capstan,
and electric light plant, with a 12-inch :
projector searchlight.
In her passenger accommodations she |
will have bath rooms, social hall, dining
room, private dining room, smoking room, i
and a splendid galley. The officers' quar
ters and the smoking room will all be on
the upper deck. Bids for the new steamer
will be called for in a few days, and until
they have been open. .1 it will not be
known whether she will be built in San
Francisco or elsewhere.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
•will withdraw the steamer Orizaba from
the southern route in a tew days and
send her to Pugel Sound to take up the
business of th.- City of Topeka on the
.Alaska line. The Topeka went on the
rocks in Wrangel Narrows but was got
off, and when last seen was on her way
to Juneau for temporary repairs. The
Orizaba's place on the southern run will
be taken by the Bonita. The latter vessel
has been thoroughly overhauled and built
up, and is now a first-class passenger
steamer.
Captain Oscar Kustel of the ship Ha
waiian Isles has given up the sea and is
going to purchase an orange orchard in
Southern California. 1 1.- and his wife left
for Los Angeles last night. Captain Kus
tel was succeeded in the command of the
Hawaiian Isles by Captain Rice, late of
the Bundaleer. Captain Kustel, always
accompanied by his wife, has been at sea
continuously for fifteen years. When he
moved his belongings ashore from the
Hawaiian Isles It was the first time in all
those years that he and his spouse had
slept on terra flrraa. He now vows that
he will never sleep on shipboard again,
but will spend the evening of life in culti
vating oranges.
There was considerable trouble in dock
ing he ship Charmer. An attempt was
made to get her in at Spear street, but it
was only after four tugs had been at work
on her that she was got alongside. Then
it was discovered that her forefoot was
resting on a rock, bo she had to be taken
into the 'am. Finally a berth at an
other wharf was secured and she was
placed in it. She will begin discharging
to-day.
The harbor police are looking for two
silk dresses that came here on the United
States transport Hancock (Arizona), from
Manila. They were richly embroidered by
Filipinos and valued at $300. At Manila
they were boxed up and given in care of
Captain Ames. That officer turned them
over to the mate, and the mate in turn
gave them In charge of the bosun. They
are now missing and Officer "Tom" Ellis
Is trying to locate them.
Mrs. Kautz Here.
Mrs. Albert Kautz. wife of Rear Ad
miral Kautz, U. S.N., registered at the
Occidental yesterday morning from
Washington, D. C. She comes here with
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
A Tale of Unparalleled _
Treachery ! . . ... .
HOW AGUINALDO WAS BETRAYED BY FALSE
PROMISES MADE BY CONSUL-GENERAL WILD-
MAN, ACTING UNDER INSTRUCTIONS FROM THE
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
HOWARD W. BRAY, the Interpreter at the Now Famoui Interview
Between Aguinaldo and the Consul. Which Interview Resulted in Making
the Filipinos Our Allies in the War With Spain, Tells the Story. He .
Writes The Star from Hongkong, and Narrates How Dewey Sent for •
Aguinaldo, and Wildman Supplied Him With Cargoes of Arms and ■
Ammu:.i; in.
In the....
J Sc A COPY. VCTADV
91.50 A YEAR. ** OX All***
t • ■".;■■, . " -
...Jo-Day
STEEL STEAMER -1900" AS SHE WILL APPEAR.
THE Alaska Packers' Association contemplates replacing its fleet of '-wind-jammers" with steamers.
The change may not take place for some time to come, but for the sake of comparison a modern
steel steamer is to be built. No expense will be spared in her construction, and she will be the su
perior in her class of anything ever built on the coast. Should **1900" prove a success other steamers will
be built in rapid succession.
the intention of taking up her residence
either in this city or at Mar. Island. Ad
miral Kautz Is in command of the Pa
cific Coast squadron, with headquarters
at San Francisco. He is now on the flag
ship Philadelphia, attending to the case
Of Mataafa at Samoa. Mrs. Kautz has
been in Southern California for a few
weeks past. ■ , . .. ,_
Mrs. Kautz is accompanied by Mrs.
William G. Miller, whose husband Is flag
officer of the Philadelphia. Shortly after
their arrival the ladies visited Mrs. Lans
dale, the widow of Lieutenant Lansdale,
who was killed at Apia several days ago,
to offer the grief-stricken lady their con
dolence.
CYCLERS READY TO RACE.
Olympic Club Wheelmen's Big Meet
To-Morrow.
All preparations are complete for the
Olympic Wheelmen's big race meet to
morrow at their outside grounds on H
street, reached by the blue line of electric
cars. The racers have stopped hard train
ing and are now resting up for the final
effort. A high class of performers is en
lercd in both the amateur and professional
events, and some splendid spoil is looked
for. The advance sal. of seats has been
large and a big crowd is expected.
The members of the Bay City Wheelmen
will enjoy a run to-morrow under Captain
Mcnne. Leaving the clubhouse on Golden
Gate avenue at noon they will journey
via th.- Cliff House, Ocean and Dewey
boulevards to tie- Olympic outside.grounds
In lime to witness the races at 2 o'clock.
The Bay Citya are highly phased with
tile success of their two recent social af
fairs. The annual ball at the Palace Ho
tel a week ago was a pronounced social
success, ad the entertainment held at
Native Sons' Hall last Thursday night at
tracted an immense crowd and will add a
tidy sum to the club's treasury.
' The employes of L. Lebenbaum & Co.
have organ/zed a wheeling club, naming it
th. New Era Cycling Club. Char I_
Dreyfus is president and Clifford Radston
captain. - "_. ' : '■■ ' ■'-"-"
Dick Aylward cannot keep out of the
game, and has recently organized the Liv
ermore Cyclers at that town, being presi
dent thereof; Fred Stahl is vice president.
Raymond Miller secretary and Will Loe
wenthal treasurer.
Referees in Bankruptcy.
The following named persons have been
appointed by United States District Judge
de Haven as referees in bankruptcy for
the Northern District of California: R.
M. Swain, Santa Rosa; Richard Belcher,
Marysville: W. T. S. 11a.11.-y. Eureka; Ar
thur P. Holland, Oakland; Mi. ton J.
Green, San Francisco; Thomas 1.. Car
others. Ukiah: Ira H. Reed, San Andreas:
I. C. Wittenmyer. Martinez; H. C. Wat
kin*. Woodland; William A. Coulter, San
Jose; Charles A. Bliss, Sacramento;
Frank W. Smith, Redding: E. P. Foltz.
Stockton; Carleton Gray. Oroville; E. L.
Webber. Napa; Charles D. Harvey. Loo
mis: Ed Martin, Santa Cruz; Lloyd Rob
bins. Suisun: K. L. Case. Downieville; M.
11. Walsh, Sonora; M. D. Wood, Merced.
Old Joys Resumed.
El Campo last Sunday was like a rose
garden after a shower. Ladies by the
hundreds. In brilliant colored gowns, flut
tered everywhere, and it goes without
saying there was no lack of rentlemen.
There was just enough of coolness in the
April breeze to make dancing enjoyable,
so the pavilion was crowded from morn
ing till night. Families with lunch-laden
baskets retreated to the shady nooks and
enjoyed the day until the big steamer
Uklah blew her whistle for the last trip.
Child Study Club.
The ladies of the Child Study Club held
their regular weekly meeting at the Oc
cidental yesterday afternoon. There was
a large 'attendance, and an. interesting
discussion took place on tin- subject. "The
Physical Training for Children in Regard
to "Sleep and Diet." Mrs. Harland. the
president of the club, presided.
How Aguinaldo "Was Betrayed.
Howard W. Bray, the Interpreter be
tween Aguinaldo and • Consul Wildman,
writes the Star from Hongkong and nar
rates a tale of unparalleled treachery-
Ask your news dealers for the Star. *
i Killed by a Fall.
T. Fltzpatrick, a coalpasser on the
Government transport Scandia, filed yes
terday from Injuries received by falling
from a bridge between Nineteenth and
Twentieth streets, and Illinois and Ken
tucky avenues. The" deceased was an un-
I married man and had no relatives in this
State. He was intoxicated at the time
of the accident. The body was taken to
the Morgue.
THE SAN FBAISICISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
SUPERVISORS
WILL IGNORE
THE STATE LAW
Prize Ring Legislation
Not Favored.
LEGAL OPINION SET ASIDE
NO ANNUAL LICENSE WILL BE
DEMANDED.
City and County Attorney Lane
Advises That Members of the
Board May Become Law
Breakers.
At the meeting of the Board of Super
visors next Monday the Health and Police
Committee will present an adverse report
.mi the proposed ordinance to place an an
nual license of $5000 on athletic clubs de
siring to conduct prize fights. The report
will also recommend that the Board of
Supervisors ignore the provisions of the
new State law regulating prize fights and
boxing contests, and proceed with the is
suance pf permits for boxing contests
which are now held to be contrary to the
law. ■
This very remarkable report was formu
lated yesterday after the members of the
Health and Police Committee had been
advised by the City and County Attorney
that if the Board of Supervisors granted
a permit to an athletic club to hold a box-
Ing exhibition without first exacting the
payment of an annual license by such
club, then the Supervisors would be liable
to arrest and prosecution for aiding and
abetting a prize light. This offense, under
the provisions of the new State law, is
defined as a felony.
The members of the committee who
voted to place themselves and their broth
er Supervisors in this position as regards
the State law are Chairman Collins and
Supervisors Heyer and Lackmann. The
decision was not arrived at without some
discussion, though Supervisor Heyer con
a-iiueu Hum tnt beginning tnat toe State
law should be ignored and that the board
continue to deal with rights and fighters
in the future as it has in the past.
City and County Attorney Lane was
sent for and asked to make clear some of
the points not covered by his opinion on
the subject of the new law which was
given by him some days ago. In reply to
questions Attorney Lane said that the
new law prohibits all kinds of prize light
ing and boxing contests, but adds a pro
viso which permits the holding of a lim
ited round boxing contest, provided the
club holding the -contest is incorporated
under the laws of the State and has first
paid in advance an annual license fee to
be fixed by the Board of Supervisors of
the county in which the contest is held
He said the law does not require the '
Board of Supervisors to fix this annual
license fee, but if the amount of the fee
was not fixed and Its payment required,
ben a boxing contest could not be held
without a violation of the law. If the
Board of Supervisors granted a permit
for the holding of a boxing contest with
out first having exacted the payment of
an annual license fee. then the members
of the board would probably be liable to
arrest and conviction for aiding and abet
ting an act that is by the law prohibited
and defined as a felony.
The arguments of the City and County
Attorney were not convincing to Super
visor Heyer. He seemed to think the
Legislature had invaded the rights of the
Board of Supervisors by tinkering the
prize light law, and he was in favor of
Ignoring the new statute and allowing
things to drift along in the same old
channel. There was some talk of post
poning action, but at the suggestion of
Supervisor Lackmann the committee
agreed to report against the proposed
ordinance on the ground that the exaction
of an annual license fee was "impracti
cable," and also that In future permits
for boxing contests should.be granted as
they have in the past, without regard to
the provisions of the State law. ..;'•
CLINGS TO HER HUSBAND.
Manuel and Inaeia Kivas Locked Up
in the City Prison.
Manuel Rlvas and his girl wife,' lnaeia,
wen- found yesterday afternoon at 25Vj
Jessie street. Both were busily engaged
in washing clothes, each having a tub,
when the detectives entered their room.
They were taken to the City Prison,
where a charge of perjury was booked
against Rivas. . * •
The girl's mother was sent for and had
a stormy Interview with her daughter in
the prison. She wanted tne girl to go
home with her and give. up her husband,
but the youthful wife refused, and- said
she would remain in prison as long as
her husband was kept there. Rlvas was
locked up In a cell, and bis wife was
given into the custody of the matron. *
Rivas is charged with perjury by the
girl's mother because in taking out their
marriage license he swore. that she was
18 years of age, whereas she is not yet 15.
For Sunday's Handball.
J. C. Nealon. having . fully recovered
from his recent illness, Is among the play
ers entered at Phil Ryan's handball court,
RSB Howard street, for Sunday's games.
With Nealon are some of the ! champions
of this city according to their class, con
sequently some good playing may be ex
pected. '^ ■ /
The following are the entries:
E. Toy and M. Met lure vs. M. Maguire and
E. Curley: D. J. Sheehan and x. J.Prender
fiast vs. J. It. Uockman and li. McDonough;
D. Roduers an.l P. McKlnnon vs. M McNeil
and G. McDonald; K. Barry and D. Regan vs.
R. Housman an.l J. Kirby; J. Dnwling and P.
Hutchinson vs. P. Ryan and J. Lawless; J.
White and J. Harlow vs. K. Maloney and J.
Rlordon; J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. M.
J. Kilgallon and R. Llnehan.
WAR SEEN THROUGH'
A WOMAN'S EYES
<§> Wl| RS. J. F. LUCY, who returnel from Manila on the steamer Newport CS
•0 |\/\ I,r "- wno is now stopping at the Hotel St. Nicholas, has some very <§>
g I*l interesting stories to tell about the fighting at Manila, at which she CS
CS I 1 was an eyewitness. The young lady is the wife of Lieutenant J. F. ••>,
'X _. ■ _. Lucy, who is attached to th-» First California Heavy Artillery, and C 1 *
#; when her husband's command left for Manila she accompanied him %
q to the war, arriving there on the stn'of last November. Mrs. Lucy was in X
<$> pavite on the night of February 5, and as soon as it was daylight she, accom- <%
£•> panied by two other ladies, engaged a launch and went as near to the fight as <$>
2> it was possible. CS
v . The grandest thing of the whole fight, she has decided, was the effective &
_: work of the monitor warships. Every time that these big ships fired a gun at ' ~.
... the blockhouses the aim would be so true that there would be nothing left but 0
CS a ClOUd of dust. <$>
& "This was the first time that I ever saw bloodshed," said Mrs. Lucy yes-" CS
\9 terday. was is all very well to talk, but when you said our darling boys &
terday. "It is all very well to talk, but when you see our darling boys &
■x shot down you get to hate these Filipinos, and when you hear that so many S
<g are killed In such and such an engagement you feel inclined to give three ££
■'.' cheers. I have an awfully soft spot In my heart for the Tennessee boys. You «P
'X should have seen them tight: and when their colonel died in an engagement CS
X the boys thought that he had been shot, and their officers had no more control &
£ over them than over a band of Indians; they simply cast discipline to the ii,
'■ winds and ran six miles after the enemy. $
& "I was introduced to Admiral Dewey just before I came away, and he said, <§>
'$• after he was Introduced: 'Do you notice my new shoulder straps?. I am awful- CS
CS ly proud of them.' He was in excellent health when I left, and was very <_>
£ much amused at the report that he was In critical health. The last words he V
9 said to me were: 'When I get home I am going to marry some good Ameri- -a
A can girl and settle down, as 1 am supremely happy.' "vf.{V 3;
<••> ' Mrs. Lucy has brought home a number of curios, among them being a din- CS
CS ncr plate taken from the Don Juan de Austria, several machetes picked from &
£ the battlefields by herself and Mauser bullets. She had to return from Man- V
$* ila. as her husband's battery was expected to be ordered to the interior at any §
.^ time. ' . §
o«^CS££*£CSjW2§»^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tv I a * a -m [ : : yyi\\ : - I yyyy.
Nature s Remedy for
. Constipation
■ "■ *.
Mmyadi Jftnos
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Insist on Raving tbe Genuine.
GEORGE CROCKER
SAYS HE WON NO
GILDED BRICK
Huntington's Gift Was
the Real Thing.
MRS. STANFORD ISN'T MAD
ALL ABE FRIENDS AND TOO
HAPPY FOR SPEECH.
The Whole Company Cheerfully De
nies That the New Vice Presi
dent Was a Victim of Hunt
ington's Confidence Game.
George Crocker has been handed no gold
brick by Mr. Huntington. The article ten
dered him in return for his and the Stan
ford votes is of the pure quill and nine
hundred and odd fine. It's no robe of
woven, shimmering tinsel he is from this
date heir to. It's the royal purple itself
that has so long adorned the shoulders of
his friend, Mr. Huntington. This is ac
cording to the word of Mr. Crocker and
of Mr. Stubbs, and of the office boy, who
holds the unidentified up at the outer
portal, and of about everybody else who
finds a living with one or the other of tire
two companies. In fact, the whole build
ing yesterday, from the sidewalk to the
offices up under the roof, was pregnant
with denial of the allegation that Mr.
Crocker was anything less than as astute
a genus homo as the elder Mr. Hunting
ton and had not won his great battle by
the very wits that are in him. Mr. Hunt
ington's friends were particularly em
phatic, as a matter of course.
"The arrangement was arrived at in the
most amicable manner in the world," says
Mr. Crocker suavely, and added modestly:
' It was for the best interests of the com
pany all round. Stories of my alleged an
tipathy to Mr. H. E. Huntington are ludi
crous. We are all the best of friends, and
the Stanford interests are quite In accord,
notwithstanding all these statements to
the contrary. My election carries with it
nothing more significant than does the
election of General Hubbard or of Mr.
Stubbs or of Mr. Willcutt. It comes in the
natural sequence of events and means
none of this nonsense that has been
printed." •. ■■■', •
This last evidence of esteem on the part
of Mr. Huntington for Mr. Crocker— the
first vice presidency of the California cor
poration—was evidently the last brick the
crafty old man had in his basket to be
used for the purpose.
The Market -street railway directors met
yesterday to elect officers and there were
no evidences thereof the Crocker-Huntlng
ton differences. H. E. Huntington re
mains for another year the company's
president, and the other officers of last
year were elected. They were: Charles
Holbrook, vice president; Alvinza Hay
ward, second vice president; N. T. Smith,
treasurer, and J. L. Willcutt, secretary.
THE FIGHT FOR DECENCY.
John Carroll Convicted and Fined for
Having Indecent Pictures on
Exhibition.
■ John Carroll, proprietor of the phono
graph parlors at 724 Market street, was
convicted by acting Police Judge Barry
yesterday of having indecent pictures on
exhibition. The Judge said that he would
impose a fine of $10 as it was a first of
fense, but he warned the defendant that
if he was arrested again for a similar of
fense he would inflict a severe penalty.
"The pictures," said, the Judge, "are
suggestively immoral, a__d it is a bad
thing for children to be schooled in im
moralltv by the payment of a nickel: It
is even "bad enough for adults, and is op
posed to the good morals of the com
munity." ■'.'-_ _  _,
Carroll paid the fine and was evidently
pleased at getting off so lightly. The case
of Peter Baclgalupi will come up on
April IS.
STRUCK THE BLOWS
THAT KILLED BRENNEKE
EDWARD L. ANDERSON, SALOON
KEEPER, ARRESTED.
Police Allege They Have Three Wit
nesses Who Will Testify That
He Wielded the Club.
Edward Ludwig Anderson, proprietor of
the Scandinavian saloon at Montgomery
avenue and Jackson street, was arrested
yesterday morning by Detectives Dinan
and McMahon and Policeman Shaw and
locked up in "the tanks." He is suspect
ed as being the man who caused the
death of William Brenneke, the sailor,
last Wednesday. V.—'.
The police have two witnesses— Gus
Buich and Charles Johansen, sailors, who
declare that they saw Anderson strike
Brenneke on the head with a club, and
they have another witness who will tes
tify to the same effect. The police have
"found the club with which it is alleged
the murder was committed. It was brak
en with the blows on Brenneke's head,
and a portion of it was found buried in
an ash barrel. ..:•:-:./-'
Brenneke and Buich were together be
fore they entered Anderson's saloon and
had some words with Johansen. A fight
ensued and Johansen was vanquished.
Brenneke and Buich then entered the
saloon, followed by Johansen, and raised
a disturbance. This angered Anderson
who, seizing the club, rushed -from behind
the bar and struck Brenneke on the head
with it. Brenneke was taken to the Har
bor Receiving Hospital, thence to the in
sane ward in the Receiving Hospital, as
it was believed that he was insane, and
finally was sent to the City and. County
Hospital, where he died.
Anderson denies that he was the man
who struck Brenneke with the club and
says he knows nothing about it. He
claims that there was a fight among the
sailors and Brenneke must have received
the blows that caused his death during
the fight. The Inqftesl will be held by
the Coroner this morning and no action
will be taken against Anderson pending
the result to be arrived at by the jury.
FLT.ING FROM THE SLIP.
Fast Dogs That Will Course at Union
Park lngleside Club Meeting
at Newark.
The Union Coursing Park Association
has an excellent programme booked for
to-day and to-morrow. Among the cele
brated dogs that will again pass under the
critical eye of Judge Bull are Connemara,
St. Or an, Theron. Moondyne, L. S. Conley,
Firm Friend, Young America, False Flat
terer and Rusty Gold. Of course there
are many other first-class dogs in the
open stake, but the ones named are looked
upon by experts of the game as the lead
ers of the society of longtalls who will cut
a! dash on Saturday and Sunday. Owing
to the very large entry leashmen must not
overlook the fact that the puppy stake
will commence (Saturday) promptly at 11
| o'clock, and on the arrival of the 12:55 p.
' m. train from this city the open stake will
ibe taken in hand and run down once. As
' the green grass of the park is rapidly dis
appearing under the rays of a hot sun, it
is sate to say that better racing may be
expected in future, as the hares are grow
ing hard and strong on dry food. Much
' interest is manifested in the course be
tween Moondvne and Theron. It is said,
that Moondyne is rapidly developing great
i speed under good and careful handling,
! and that if a strong hare is turned loose
i a grand race will assuredly result.
I The Ingleside Coursing Club will hold a
I grand open meeting at Newark Coursing
; Park on Sunday, the 23d inst. A thirty
two dog stake will be run on this occasion
i and the entrance fee will be $5. Leashmen
from Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose and,
in fact, many of the towns of the State
where coursing is a feature of sport, have
signified their Intentions of entering their
charges. The Ingleside Coursing Asso
ciation will add $150 to the stake. Doubt
less the drawing for the meeting will be
: held some evening during the coming
! week. A first-class band of music will be
i on hand to entertain the ladles.
INDUSTRIAL ART EXHIBIT.
It Will Run Three Days Longer Than
Was Originally Planned.
The exhibition of the Industrial Arts "of
California, for which the ladies of the
California Club are energetically prepar
ing, is outgrowing the scope and limits
originally proposed by the club.
A distinctly new lead has been opened
and surprises of all sorts await the com
mittees, which rather anticipated having
to prospect in a lively fashion for exhib
its enough In the way of a__plied art and
original design to fill the spaces at the
Pavilion Art Gallery. But applications
from artisans and artists all over • the
State are flowing in. The press of San
Francisco and of the interior has grasped
the intention of the club women and wel
comed the enterprise, while prominent
architects and leaders in the handicrafts—
those who need no advertising— are hast
ening to lend aid and advice.
It having been strongly urged upon the
club that the original dates— from May
23 to 27— made too short a time, it was
agreed at the Thursday morning meeting
that the exhibition shall be held open
from Saturday evening. May 20, day and
evening excepted Sunday, to and includ
in« Saturday evening, May 27. Intending
exhibitors will govern themselves accord-
A bureau of information and correspond
ence is now open at the clubrooms, Y. M.
C. A. building, corner of Mason and Ellis
streets, on all week days from 10 to 12
a. m. and from 1 to 4 p. m.
No Permit and No Fighting.
The Merchants' Athletic Club an
nounced that it would give a boxing en
tertainment last evening, but as it failed
to procure a permit from the Supervis
ors the police would not allow the show
to proceed. ;.£,?--■
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50, "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill, 309 Larkin.*
There are 3000 English words that are
not found In the dictionary. .; .;.;,*■ .-,-;
Decker Pianos "are £he best at Mauvals',
769 Market street. . •
V" r ADVERTISEMENTS.
A REMARKABLE INVENTION
BY AN OHIOAN.
A genius of Cincinnati has patented and
placed on the market a remarkable Bath
Cabinet, whereby any one resting on a
chair within enjoys the famous Turkish,
hot vapor or medicated baths at noma
for 3 cents each, heretofore enjoyed only
by the rich at public bathrooms, health
resorts, hot springs and sanitariums.
These baths are celebrated for their mar-
velous cleansing, purifying and invigorat-
ing effects upon the human system, and
this invention brings them within the
reach of the poorest person In the coun-
try. .:.!.-*■
Clouds of hot vapor or medicated vapor
surround the entire body, opening the
millions of sweat pores, causing profuse
CABINET OPEN— Step In or out.
FOLDED.
perspiration, drawing out of the system
all impure salts, acids and poisonous
matter, which, if retained, overwork the
heart, kidneys, lungs and skin, causing
disease, fevers, debility and sluggish-
ness.
Astonishing is the improvement in
health, feelings and complexion by the
use of this Cabinet, and it seems to us
that the long sought for natural method
of curing and preventing disease without
medicine has certainly been found.
The makers inform the writer that 82,-
-386 of these Quaker folding thermal Cabi-
nets have been sold since January 1. and
showed letters from thousands of users
who speak of this Cabinet as giving en-
tire satisfaction. ' ' -< ".
Since this invention bathtubs have been
discarded, for it gives a better bath for
all cleansing purposes than soap and wa-
ter, and, as there are millions of homes
without bathing facilities, it seems this
would be a good article for our readers
to take the agency for.
Thousands of remarkable letters have
been written the inventors, and to our
knowledge- persons who were full of
drugs and nostrums, and have been given
up to die, have been restored to perfect,
robust health, to the astonishment of
their friends and physicians.
E. L. Eaton, M. D., of Topeka, Kans.,
gave up his practice because, he said, he
_ould do more good for humanity with
this Cabinet than his medicines, and has
already sold more than 600 of .them. Con-
gressman John J. Lentz, Mrs. Senator
Douglas, Rev. R. E. Peale, Una, S. C;
Rev. Samuel Cooper, John T. Brown, edi-
tor of the Christian Guide, and a host
of our most eminent people recommend it.
J. A. Hagan, Richfield, Mo., afflicted fif-
teen years with rheumatism in its worst
form, was cured in six days; L. B. West-
brook, Newton, lowa, afflicted forty-five
years, was cured in three weeks of ca-
tarrh, asthma, heart and kidn%y trouble;
O. P. Freeman, Sparta, Ohio, afflicted sev-
enteen years, unable to walk, was cured
of kidney troubles, plies and rheumatism.
A prominent citizen of Elwood, Ind., E.
Veher, was cured of a serious case of
obesity. A lady in Maysville, Mo., Mrs.
L. Coen, was cured of woman's trou-
bles, and recommends it to all suffering
ladles.
We' find this is a genuine Cabinet, with
a door, handsomely and durably made of
best materials, rubber lined, has a steel
frame, and should certainly last a life-
time. .;.?. -' l
It is' important to know that the mak-
ers guarantee results, and assert- posi-
tively, as do thousands of users, that this
Cabinet will clear the skin, purify and
enrich the blood, cure nervousness, weak-'
ness, that tired feeling and. the worst
forms of rheumatism. (They offer $50 re-
ward for a case not relieved.) Cures wo-
man's troubles, malaria, ague, sleepless-
ness, neuralgia, headaches, piles, dropsy,
liver* kidney and nervous troubles. It
will make you strong, energetic, full of
life and vigor with the coming of spring
and summer, and avoid illness later.
To please the ladies', a face and head
steaming attachment is furnished, if de-
sired, which clears the skin, Beautifies the
complexion, removes pimples, black-
heads, eruptions and is a sure cure for
skin diseases, catarrh and asthma.
All our readers should have one of these
remarkable Cabinets. The price is won-
derfully low. Cabinet complete, with
Heater, formulas and directions, only $5.
Head steamer, $1 extra. And it is indeed
difficult to imagine where one could in-
vest that amount of money in anything
else that guarantees so much genuine
health, strength and vigor. _ -*v v
Write to-day to the World Mfg. Co.,
710 World Building, Cincinnati. Ohio, for
full information; or, better still, order a
Cabinet. You won't be disappointed, as
the makers guarantee every Cabinet, and
will refund your money after thirty days
if not just as represented. We know them
to -be perfectly reliable. Capital $100,000,
and they will ship promptly upon receipt
of remittance.
Don't fail to send for booklet anyway.
This Cabinet is a wonderful seller for
agents, and the firm offers special in-
ducements to both men and women upon
request, and to our knowledge many are
making from $100 to $150 per month and
exposes. It is certainly an opportunity
not to be neglected.
SWEET «-- ./^
RESTFUL Woodbury's hmm
SLEEP Facial Soap *^^r
Follows a bath with WOODBURY'S Facial
Soap, and the lace, neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For sala
everywhere. . - -v.-'^v.*.* •■:--.^ ■;•_;.:
/J£^ LADIES do ton not
C_v__*\ DR. FELIX LE BRUM'S -
*^ *\ Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
| ' Jis the original and only FRENCH,
I i safe and reliable care on the mar-
y ■"■vket. Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
F \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sola Aetata.
214 Kearny st.. Ban franciaco.
_3BftU_#fy'& Bronchia!
I£sft U Iff SI O Troches I
| the popular euro for |
1 IRRITATED THROATS. g
■ Fae-Slmlle _*_/ ,y» '■•■•'''*/ every 1
■■'_■■ II of /^C<L_______________________l
gram fciaß^M_m^f-r_^ l ---__--an-l^- auj
PGhlc-eeter-a K_(U«h Diamond Brand. :'-
Pennyroyal PILLS
I ,_<_.— Original and Only Qeanln:. A
v/"_/t»4?V «»fi. always reliable. laoic* ait Egx
_"*_T_ *ki___ Druggist for Chichatcfs English Dajf__\
kr UJJTqJW-C ' ' ' Brand la lied and Gold B>e_.m_\\^F
T-v .-Ofimboxe*. asaled with blue ribbon. Take VS?
7*l Sf>^ & ; Jno other. Refuse dangerous substitu- V
I" — " tions and imitation.. At Drag , or §ena 4e.
I *»» _w in sump* far particular., teitimooiali aad
\tO» *9 '* ivcllof for Ladle*," in Utter, _- reton
_ X IT Hall. 10,000 Tr.timoaiali. Mams Paper.
_ > -"^rO_l»ke»terCie_rfealOo.,|lj_4l»o_ »qaer««
tola »7 *_ Local - rug jlit.. PHILADJU _**
56
SATURDAY \ APRIL 15, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. '_tAKE, Manager. *__}
PUBLICATION OFPICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 15...
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 231 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 'IB CENTS PER _____
Binjrle Copies, B cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postage:
DAILY OAI.L (Including Sunday -.all), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL t Including Sunday Call). I m0nth5........ 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «Bo
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
Ail postmasters are authorised to receive subecrlptfot-S.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building 1
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Betel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-' ,
941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK 2291 Market ;
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open,
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ant
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Robin Hood."
Grand Opera House "Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Humbug."
Tivoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
Band "ing. . . !
Olympla— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Grand Opera House — Recitals. Wednesday afternoon,
April 13.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
He of Manila Buy.
Recreation Bark— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park — Coursing, to-day.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo, Sunday.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures, Monday, April 17.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— This day, at 2 and 8 p. m., at 39
Geary st.. Chinese and Japanese goods.
By A. W. Louderback— This day, .it 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p.
m., at 125 Geary St., Rugs.
By F. W. Butterfield— Day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture,
at lil3 Devisadero street.
THE JEFFERSON BANQUETS.
DEMOCRACY has this year celebrated the
birthday of Jefferson with many banquets, two
of which are notable one at New York,
where Tammany feasted the gold wing of the party
in the Metropolitan Opera-house at $10 a plate amid
a profusion of flowers with a glorious galaxy of ladies
f ™-^ r _ | -'~ V ''*l__a__^K_____^gM---M---F~y________M^W-g
looking on, and one at Milwaukee, where Colonel
Bryan turned loose the exuberance of his rhetoric
and young Carter Harrison declared himself a
Bryanite.
Doubtless the banquets were enjoyed by those who
ok part in them, but the oratory at each fell far
short of public expectation. Not one of the speakers
made clear an avenue by which Democracy can es
cape from the confusion in which it is involved, nor
uttered a fence which can serve as a rallying cry
for the disorganized hosts.
The only fact revealed by the speeches of the rival
banquets is that the Bryanites have in a much
higher degree than their opponents the courage of
their convictions. They know what they wish, and
are not afraid to declare it. Bryan was as outspoken
as ever in reaffirming his devotion to the Chicago
platform, while no speaker at the New York gather
ing was emphatic in condemning it. The motto of
the Bryanites seems to be "free silver or nothing,"
while that of the Tammany group is "anything for
victory."
On the questions arising out of the war with Spain
the division between the two was as marked as on
that of the monetary standard, and here also the ut
terances at Milwaukee were much clearer and more
decided than those at New York. Bryan plainly de
nounced expansion, while in New York the speakers
contented themselves with eulogizing Jefferson's ac
complishment in the .say of expansion, and only by
that sort of indirection gave approval to the imperial
ism they favor but dare not openly avow.
The speeches which are likely to attract most at
tention are those of Carter Harrison at Milwaukee
and of Robert B. Roosevelt at New York. They pre
sent in a striking way the decision which prevails in
the Western camp and the doubt and hesitation that
pervade the Democracy of the East. Harrison de
clared the example had been set for Democracy in
the person of its national leader, whom he described
as one "of private life so stainless, with a personal
character so blameless, that the people followed him,
and follow him still, with the zeal of Crusaders."
Very different was the tone of Roosevelt. Democ
racy, he said, "is looking earnestly for the leader who
.'.ill give expression to its principles and guide it
once more on the road to the success which it de
serves. There never was a time when a great party
so needed a great leader. It has been said that the
man always rises to meet the occasion. Here is the
occasion; where is the man?"
Such is the contrast between the two factions of
Democracy as presented at the Jefferson banquets.
One faction has its platform and its leader and sup
ports both without hesitation. The other is groping
in the darkness and, full of doubt and dismay, calls
for a leader and wonders from what direction he will
come.
A dispatch received last night from Los Angeles
reads: "Sacramento air and water have not worked
wonders for Governor Henry T. Gage. He has
malaria in his system as a gift for three months' atten
tion to duty." This news will come as a surprise to
the people of Sacramento, who never suspected, as
they watched the Governor suck wine through a
straw, that he was man of the people enough to drink
water.
Some people say that Gage will not make a very
popular Governor for the very good reason that he
has. no personal magnetism. That may be so, but
really there are some hopes for a man that had
enough of the occult power to draw after him a band
of sheep from Siskiyou County to Los Angeles.
An undertaker who served in the campaign at Porto
Rico says that the embalmed beef of Uncle Sam made
him sick. As an embalmer and funeral director it
would seem that the gentleman should have found the
beef to his liking.
Isn't it possible that the nickel-in-the-slot outrage
attached to local telephones could be suppressed by
the police? It's a mere gamble any time you drop a
coin that you'll get a connection. •
AN IRRITABLE GOVERNMENT.
THE predominant characteristic of the present
State administration is personal , irritability.
Eyery time a newspaper man presumes to ad
dress Governor Gage upon a subject which interests
the people, whose servant he is supposed to be, that
; individual flies into a passion and roundly denounces
i everybody within a radius of several miles. The Gov
ernor's favorite game is the press, and he never
! neglects an opportunity to express his contempt for
j newspapers, newspaper men, newspaper methods and
j newspaper morals. We have already noted his con
! temptuous reference to a rumor that he contemplated
j entering the newspaper business himself. He said
I that nothing on earth would ever cause him to de
i scend to the "newspaper level" — of morality, we sup
' pose, although having already descended to the Dan
! Burns level of politics it would not seem to . be a
| precipitous path for his Excellency to travel.
This personal irritability, however, is not confined
to Governor Gage. His partner, Mr. Denis of Los
| Angeles, appears to be a splice off the same kind of a
i main brace. The other day a reporter presumed to
! ask Mr. Denis if he aspired to the position of Code
Commissioner, and this was that gentleman's cour
teous reply: "The yellow journals of this coast seem
to think I have no rights that should be respected.
They yank me out of bed, take me from my meals
j and act as if they thought I were a lackey to the peo
| pie of California or a messenger-boy to the Governor.
I am neither one nor the other — simply a citizen of
the commonwealth and not the custodian of the pri-
vate affairs of others."
We do not know how this sort of conduct is re
garded in Los Angeles, but up here it is esteemed
among polite people to be boorishness. If Mr. Gage
and Mr. Denis are representative Southern Califor
nians there is certainly occasion for the introduction
into that region of a system of polite education among
public men. There is no excuse, in fact, for any such
conduct as is being reported of these two politicians.
Mr. Denis may or may not be a candidate for Code
Commissioner. But in any event he is bound to treat
those who address him civil questions with the cour
tesy which becomes all gentlemen, in whatever walk
of life they may happen to be cast.
Of course it is no discredit to California that she is
possessed of an irritable government. Our people
are not responsible because Governor Gage does not
cultivate the manners of a gentleman nor because he
has a bad liver or a perturbed stomach. But these
little things among thoughtless people are regarded
seriously. If Mr. Denis is going to become a part of
the government, and the whole thing is to continue
to be irritable, it will be in order to call in a physi
cian and have some soothing medicine administered.
PACIFIC OCEAN CABLES.
RECENT reports from Ottawa are to the effect
that arrangements have been made for laying
an ocean cable across the ; Pacific from Van
couver to Australia. The cost of construction is to
be defrayed by the Governments of Great Britain,
Canada and the Australian colonies.- As reported, the
line is to run from Vancouver to Fanning Island, and
from that station one branch will be laid to Australia
and another to New Zealand.
The announcement of such a programme on the
part of the British will of course stimulate the United
States Government to provide an ocean cable from
San Francisco, or some adjacent point, to Hawaii and
thence westward to Japan and China. Such lines
would be of great value to the Government at this
time and of the highest value to our commerce at all
times. The laying of the Canadian cable, in fact, will
almost compel us to act promptly in providing our
selves with an Oriental line, if we expect to compete
with Great Britain for supremacy in Pacific Ocean
commerce on anything like equal terms.
Conservative and slow as the British are in many
things, they are always fairly alert in matters of com
merce, and however advantageous it may be to them
in case of war to have a cable from Canada to Aus-
tralia, it is safe to say the main motive that prompts
them in undertaking the proposed enterprise is one
springing from their conceptions of the vast value of
Pacific Ocean trade. Having strong possessions on
three sides of the vast ocean, Canada, Australia and
Hongkong, the British are preparing to make full
use of the advantage the position gives them, and
their merchants are having all the support and aid
the Government can afford.
It is certainly high time for the United States to
give serious consideration to her Pacific Ocean trade.
The Eastern States seem to regard this coast as a
sort of outlying province, facing away from the big
world of trade and industry and therefore of compara
tively little importance. It is only recently that even
the most intelligent of their people have begun to
note that the Pacific Ocean is to be the center of com
mercial activity in the future. Hence in the past our
interests have been overlooked, and as we have not
been careful to send a strong delegation to Congress
and keep it there unchanged term after term we have
not obtained from the government even what would
have been granted had we been more persistent in
urging it.
It is folly to waste on miserable wars in the Philip
pines the money and the energy which otherwise ap
plied would provide us with ocean cables to the
Orient and with a merchant marine equal to the task
of competing with that of our strongest rivals. The
true expansion for the United States is that of indus
try and commerce, and if the laying of the Canadian
cable shall have the effect of rousing our Government
to act wisely and promptly in its true interests we shall
gain more from the enterprise than the Canadians
themselves.
POTATOES IN WASHINGTON.
A STRIKING illustration of the rapidity with
which the prices of staple articles sometimes
fluctuate, even when there is no speculation to
affect the market, was given in a report from Tacoma
on Thursday concerning the rise in the prices of po
tatoes in Washington. According to the report, "po
tatoes are now bringing as much as eggs" in the
markets of that State. "People are buying them
practically by the dozen. They cost over 2 cents a
pound and arc becoming scarcer every day."
The scarcity of the potato supply and the resulting
high price is due to a combination of events -not
likely ever to occur again coincident!}'. In the first
place the gold excitement of last season caused a
large stock of potatoes to be evaporated for: 1 ;* the'
Alaskan and Klondike trade. That demand drained
the market to a considerable .extent. Then the
drought. in this State limited the production here, and
the season turned out badly for the crop ; in Washing
ton and Oregon: Thus it came about that nature and
the Klondike craze together cornered the market.
The Tacoma report says prices have advanced un
til jobbers are paying as high as $42 a ton for good
potatoes, while hardly more than six months ago bet
ter potatoes were sold in the Yakima and Walla
Walla valleys for $6 a ton. It was noted, moreover,
that whereas in past years new potatoes from Cali
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
fornia have been in the Puget Sound markets by this
time, very few have arrived so far this season. It ap
pears the potato-grower is to have his innings at last,
and for a time at any rate may indulge the feeling of
lord of the market.
We have in this case another proof of the narrow
ness of the margin that separates prosperity from
comparative destitution even in the most civilized of
countries. Humanity produces in any. one season
just about enough to carry it over until the next har
vest comes. When a bad year intervenes and a crop
fails or falls short there is trouble.
Where the means of communication and transporta
tion are easy and economical the evil resulting from
one year's failure of a crop in any particular locality is
not great, for supplies can be sent in from the out
side. But where transportation is . costly famines
occur. They were frequent in Western Europe during
the middle ages, they are common in some parts of
Russia to this day.
As the high price of potatoes in Washington proves,
even the most industrious farmers on the most fertile
lands may sometimes fail to produce enough to feed
the population dependent on them. It is certainly
strange, however, that the Pacific Coast States, the
most productive section of the Union, should have
reached a point where in one important center of its
population potatoes are worth as much as eggs.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
ON the day the Pennsylvania Legislature com
pleted the fourth month of its session it was
noted that during that time it had passed but
three bills. These bills, moreover, were not of a
nature to occupy much time. There was no filibus
tering to prevent the passage of any of them. Had j
the Legislature been so disposed, all of them might !
have been dealt with within a week and other meas- j
ures taken up.
The fact is the Pennsylvania legislators have been I
too busy to attend to business. As all the world j
knows, they have had a Senatorial fight on hand all j
winter, and it remains unfinished to this time. In
despair of being able to elect a Senator or doing any- j
thing else, the Legislature recently adopted a resolu- ■
tion providing for the appointment of a committee j
to confer with the Legislatures of other States • on I
the subject of reform in the system of electing Sena- j
tors. The committee is to report at the legislative ses- I
sion in 1901.
In taking the leadership in a movement to bring I
the issue into the domain of practical politics the
Pennsylvania Legislature has at least accomplished j
something. It is certain a strong effort will be made j
at the next session of Congress to provide for the i
election of Senators by a plurality vote of the Legis- |
latures. Such a change would be worse than what we j
have now. The popular demand is for election by di
rect vote of the people. It will take a long time of
course to accomplish the needed amendment to the '
constitution, but it will be better to take the time and
do the work thoroughly than to try any short cuts to
reform.
As the Philadelphia Inquirer says: "We believe in ;
this reform, for it would end deadlocks and bring the
question right home to the voters. Delaware, Califor
nia and Utah have not been able to choose a Senator,
and Pennsylvania apparently is to be left with only
one Senator because of the malice displayed by a ;
small minority. There is danger in such refusal to
obey the will of the majority, and the only positive
way to enforce majority rule is to refer the election of !
Senators to the popular vote of the people. .The work '
of organizing in behalf of such a desirable change
must be undertaken by some one, and it is fitting that
the Keystone State should inaugurate the move
ment." •
MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP IN LONDON.
THE toiling millions of London who live between
starvation and semi-starvation have cause to look
upon the street railway employes of the great
city with feelings akin to envy. The municipality a
short time ago became the owner of the tramways,
which were placed by the County Council in the con
trol of the Highways Committee. %
The first step taken by the committee was to im
prove the condition of the men and women employed
on the lines. The Westminister Gazette in giving the
first results of this experiment in paternalism says:
The committee regards it as essential that the
wages paid by the Council should be equivalent to
the best rates paid for similar work in other parts I
of the County of London; and that the Council's
rule with regard to one day's rest in seven should i
apply to the tramway's employes. The policy of one J
day's rest In seven will necessitate the employment !
of more men, involving an Increased expenditure of '
£9105. Various officials obtain a rise of salaries un
der revised conditions, and the wages of the women- j
checkers are to be increased by about 15 per cent. i
Hitherto the conductors have been provided with j
uniform coats. The committee contemplate extend
ing the boon to drivers, "having regard to the ex
posure to which they are subjected," and to pro
vide both classes with uniform caps. This Involves j
an additional cost of £1600 per annum. Horsekeep
ers now receive from 23 shillings to 25 shillings for !
a seven-day week. The committee propose that they ;
should receive 26 shillings for a six-day week. ! .
Drivers and conductors are to have an increase of I
3 pence per day. As to profits from the municipal j
trams for the year 1899-1900. the committee make ;
this gratifying announcement: "If the whole of our j
recommendations be adopted by the Council the sum
of about £39,100 will, Aye anticipate, still be available
for relief of the rates."
The eyes of the good people who dwell in the city
of Detroit will watch the London experiment with
great interest; for Detroit has decided that its street
railways shall become municipal property. It is prob
able the politicians also of the Michigan town are
watching the experiment with wide-open eyes, for
municipal ownership opens up a tempting field to the
practical politicians.
j Senator Perkins took occasion at the Manufac
turers' and Producers' banquet to say some nice
things about C. P. Huntington. The suspicion is
growing that he evolved. them from his imagination.
It is safe to say, at any rate, that before making the
remarks he did not consult Mrs. Stanford or George
Crocker. *
May I, the recognized moving day in the East, also
the moving day in the Far East, since Dewey com
pelled the Spaniards to get up and dust, has been
made a legal holiday in Pennsylvania. The Sons of
Vermont, in California propose to make the anni
versary one to be remembered in this State.
A cablegram from Manila announces the interest
ing fact that Aguinaldo has killed seven more of his
officers for sedition. It was hardly to be expected
that the insurgent chief would become so accommo
dating an American ally in removing Filipino generals
to a better land.
United States Senator George C. Perkins told an
Oakland audience on Tuesday night that he " had
never seen a member of the United States Senate
enter a saloon. Senator Perkins should without de
lay place himself under the care of an oculist.
JUDGE MOGAN DEFENDS HIMSELF.
Police Judge Mogan feels that the criticism in The Call of his course 'in
the Ingleside racetrack case is severe. inasmuch as he emphatically denies
that Jones' acquittal was due to his instructions to the jury. He objects to
being made to stand responsible for the law, as the verdict gives it, for it
Is not the law, he says, and every schoolboy ought to know It. The plea
that a man can escape responsibility for a criminal act on the ground that
he is acting as the agent or employe of another, Judge # Mogan says is ab
surd, yyyyy
In regard to the instructions, Judge Mogan says: ''In my own Instruc
tions to the jury in the Jones case I made no reference to the proposition
that a person acting as clerk or employe for a bookmaker making a bet
on a race is not amenable to the law. Under the ordinance passed by the
Board of Supervisors every person, whether employer, employe or individual,
is criminally liable if he makes such a bet. There is no doubt of that, and
there is no distinction made. Conceding that fact, it is highly improbable
that I delivered any instructions to the jury in opposition thereto.
"A defendant has the right to request the court to deliver certain in
structions, and in this case his attorney tendered twenty-four carefully
worded paragraphs. Under the law I am obliged to examine each one and
accept or reject, the same. :'. y'i ', i-f
"Most of them I rejected. I had but ten minutes during the argument
to pass upon them, and while it is possible that some carefully prepared
sentences may have crept into the charge, still I doubt it very much. I am
not and was not aware of it and positively do not recollect any such
charge."
PAYMENT OF
JURORS' FEES
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
There is one matter in connection with
the existing statutes of our State which
in my judgment should be remedied.
At present the jurors in civil cases
are paid by the losing party in the end,
as a part of the costs. In most of the
States, particularly the Southern
States, which are now among the poor
est, there is a jury tax of a few dol
: lars in every case where suit is brought
and a jury trial can be had, and this
tax is paid whether the parties waive
! a jury trial or not. .This enables the
j poorest citizen to have a jury trial. It
l is true that if the fund arising from
I this uniform tax of a few dollars is
I not always sufficient to pay the jurors
! the balance is made up by the county.
| As a jury in many cases is essential to
! the ends of justice, and as the jury is
. j as much a necessary part of the ma
: chinery of a court of justice as the
; JUdge himself, why should a citizen be
! compelled to pay so large and onerous
; a charge as the entire jury fees any
' more than he should be compelled to
j pay a part of the salary of the Judge?
: In the United States courts the juries
i are paid by the United States Govern
i ment and not by the parties to the suit.
Why should not our Legislature relieve
1 a poor fellow having a meritorious case
: from so onerous a burden? The fact
! is that the heavy burden of jurors' fees
! and shorthand reporters' fees in ad
; vance is a substantial denial of justice
ito many worthy men. In short I be
: lieve, and many years' practice in the
courts of several of the States and in
i the United States courts has enabled
Ime to observe much in reference to
such matters, that the shorthand re
porters should be paid a decent salary
i by the county, when they officiate, and
a fixed tax of say $10 in each case,
whether he is needed or not, should be
paid by each litigant before trial of
> the case, and a jury tax of say $5 in
j all cases. In the State of Mississippi,
• for instance, the jury tax in all civil
cases that can be tried by a jury is
j $3, and this method has been found for
more than fifty years to be perfectly
satisfactory. Courts of justice, in order
; to be of real service, should be within
; the reach of every man who has a just
I cause, and the excessive fees that now
have to be paid by suitors make it
Impossible for many a person to have
■ his* legal rights.
I do not wish to be understood to
have any desire to injure any one in
!my view of this matter, for I am I
strongly in favor of every officer of
court being paid a decent and fair j
■ salary, .but the whole of what is now a
1 very onerous burden should not be laid !
; upon the litigant. The State is under
j obligation to furnish all its citizens
; with access to the courts, and it should
j not shoulder off the main part of the
I expense of having such access upon tha
, litigant. H. S. FOOTE.
San Francisco, April 14, 1899.
THE HOUSE IN
THE WOOD
To the Editor of The Call— Sir:
A curious mistake has found its way
on the very first page of your to-day's
paper. I would like to point it out to
you, as it seems a pity to let an other
wise so well-informed and forward
paper blunder over a little matter like
this.
In speaking of the palace which will
be the seat of the future Peace Con
ference in The Hague, the. name "Huis
ten Bosch" Is translated as "House of
Wood." This should be "House In
the Wood" (forest). The preposition
"te" (ten) can never have any other
meaning but one of local definition, and
is equivalent to the German "zir." Per
haps your informant got hold of a
French guide book, in. which the palace
undoubtedly is called "La Maison au
Bois," which could have a double
meaning.
This "wood" is the pride of . The
Hague and of Western Holland, where
trees of any size are rare. It is one of
the three remnants of an extensive
forest, which once covered the coast
line. The other two are near Haarlem
and Alhmaar, and called in variance
"Hout," or "Den Hout" ("Holz" in
German).
"Het Huis ten Bosch" has almost
passed into oblivion since the death of
Queen Sophy, the late King's first wife.
It was the favorite residence of this
highly Intellectual woman, her "refuge"
when the frequent society of her not
very intellectual husband proved too
much for her power of endurance.
Yours very truly,
J. VAN DEN BROCK.
742 O'Farrell street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JOE CHOYNSKI— W. S., City. Joe
Choynski, the pugilist, was born in San
Francisco November 8, 1868.
BORN ON SHIPBOARD-Subscriber,
City. A child born on board of an Eng
lish ship in the harbor of San Francisco
would be a native of California.
DEAD ROPES— City. "Dead ropes"
on board of a ship are those ropes which
are fixed, or do not run on blocks; so call
ed because they have no activity or life
in them. ■
j MESSENGER-Paudo, City. Those who
| are appointed as messengers under the
I civil service rules are such as are em-
I ployed in the bank, mint and assay serv
ice, the custom house service and trie ord-
I nance department. If it is your desire to
i enter the ordnance department you can
; apply at army headquarters for applica
i tion blanks, and if you desire to take an
examination ln the other departments
; named, apply at the head of each of the
j departments for blanks. At each place
I you will be informed as to the time when
; the examination will be held.
REPRESENTATIVES— X. E. 8., Santa
I Maria, Cal. California's Representatives
! to the Fifty-fifth Congress were John A.
, Barham, Marlon de Vries, Samuel G. Hil
, born, James G. Maguire, Eugene F. Loud
I Charles A. Barlow and Curtis H. Castle'
j Thomas B. Reed, Republican, of Maine
i .was the Speaker, of the House during the
I session which closed on the 4th of March
' 1899. The Representatives from Califor
i nia to the flftx-sixth session are: John
j A. Barham, Republican, of Santa Rosa-
I Marion de Vries,' Democrat, of Stockton'
Victor Metcalf. Republican, of Oakland-
I Julius Kahn, Republican, of San Fran-
I cisco; Eugene . F. Loud, Republican, of
j San Francisco; Russell J. Waters, Re-
I publican, of Los Angeles, and James Car
i ron Needham, Republican, of Modesto.
SHOWER OF BITUMEN
FROM A CLEAR SKY
PECULIAR ACCIDENT AT MAR-
KET AND WALLER.
Cover to a Cooking Cauldron Blows
Off, Thickly Covering the Vicinity
With the Hot Stuff.
People in the vicinity of Market, Waller
and Octavia streets about 12:30 o:clock
yesterday were startled by a loud explo
sion, and before they could locate its
source they witnessed the phenomenon of
a shower of nice, soft, well-cooked bit
umen descending from a cloudLess sky.
It was not a mere sprinkle of the black,
pasty stuff, but a veritable deluge, that
covered streets and buildings for a dis
tance of many feet around.
The unusual occurrence was not long a
mystery. At the intersection of the three
streets named the Union Paving Contract
ing Company, which Is paving Market
street from Valencia to Fourteenth, had
placed its apparatus for cooking the
bitumen. This consisted of an immense
boiler on one truck and an Iron cauldron
(or kettle as it is termed), into which the
raw bitumen is dumped and cooked by
means of steam Injected from the boiler
alongside. The top of the kettle is closed
by a big cast iron cover, when the re
ceptacle is full, the cover being fastened
down to prevent the escape of steam.
The kettle had been refilled just before
the noon hour and the cover fastened
down and steam turned on, so that it
could cook while the men were at dinner.
Most of the workmen had gone home for
their meal, but four or five who were in
charge of the boiler and kettle remained
at the works and were eating their lunch,
being seated near the kettle. The steam
gradually crept up until the pressure is
said to have registered 350 pounds.
Suddenly there was a faint rumbling,
followed by a terrific explosion, and the
cover of the kettle went sailing high into
the air, together with the bitumen. The
kettle was scooped out clean by the es
caping steam. The black mass shot fully
100 feet into the air, and the workmen
hardly had time to get on to their feet
before it descended upon them. Their
coats and hats protected them from being
seriously burned, but they spent the re
mainder of the noon hour scraping bitu
men from their backs.
An Iron wheelbarrow, loaded with shov
els, was standing about fifteen feet away,
and Into that the heavy cover fell with a
crash, completely demolishing the imple
ments. The streets and sidewalks were
thickly covered with the bitumen, while
the nearest buildings were a sight.
The foreman stated that such explo
sions are not infrequent and are due to
flaws in the covers, which cannot be de
tected, but sooner or later yield to the
great pressure. The broken cover yester
day showed such a flaw, and It Is remark
able that it stood the strain as long as It
did. The explosion stopped work for the
remainder of the day.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. Weil, a merchant of Sanger, Is at the
Grand.
F. F. Coyne, a mining man of Dillon,
Mont., is at the Russ.
F. Beringer, an extensive wine grower
of St. Helena, is a guest at the Lick.
R. H. Willey, an attorney of Monterey,
is here on business and is staying at the
Grand.
Frank B. Coraue, assistant cashier of
the Santa Rosa Bank, is at the Califor
nia, accompanied by his wife.
J. P. Snyder, an attorney of San An
dreas, and John A. Mclntire, a Sacra
mento mining man, are among the ar
rivals at the Grand.
G. W. Huddleston, a prominent busi
ness man of London, England, Is making
a pleasure trip to this State and is regis
tered at the Palace.
E. E. Vincent, a merchant of Madera,
G. C. Freeman, a Fresno attorney, and
A. Marks, a storekeeper of Covelo, and
his family, are guests at the Lick.
Assistant Surgeons Charles Norton
Berry and Frederic Pearl, U. S. A., and
Surgeon Major Hays, U. S. A., of Bang
kok, Slam, are registered at the Palace.
S. W. Pearce, a retired business man of
South Australia, is registered at the Russ
with his wife. Mr. Pearce has been vis
iting in the southern part of the State
and intends to" locate here permanently.
Thomas H. Selvage of Eureka is stay
ing at the Grand. At the meeting of the
Grand Council of the Chosen Friends ha
was elected as a representative to the
Supreme Council, which meets at Baltl-
more next September. Mr. Selvage will
probably return to Eureka this week.
Baron Leo yon Rosenberg Llplnsky, a
mining engineer who represents a New
York syndicate, is a guest at the Palace.
In company witi. R. J. Dyas, a capitalist
of St. Louis, he has been on a visit of
inspection in Arizona, Colorado and this
State, with a view -of making large in
vestments in mining properties.
Assemblyman R. S. Raw of Placerviile,
El Dorado County, is putting in a few
days at the Grand in the interests, politi
cally, of his county. It was Mr. Raw, by
the way, who made a winning fight
against a crowd of speculators who at
tempted' during the* late Legislature to
legislate his county out of $200,000 in good
hard cash. Placerviile Is about to hold
the first municipal election It has held in
over twenty-five years, for the purpose
of electing city officers that the town may
pay off a legitimate bonded indebtedness
against it of $34,500. .
Arthur Pearse, a mining engineer of
London, England, is registered at the Pal
ace. Mr. Pearse has completed arrange
ments to start two expeditions to the
southwestern part of Siberia, where he
has located . some valuable mines. In
speaking on the subject last evening, just
before catching the Eastern overland, he
said: "The potentialtles of Siberia are
enormous in a mining way. Placers are
the only kind now being worked, but
large quartz lodes have been discovered
and will shortly be. developed. As soon
as the economic conditions of Siberia are
improved operations will be undertaken
on a gigantic scale. The Siberian Rail
road, .which has been completed from
Moscow to Lake Bical, will tend largely
to foster the mining industries and T con
fidently look for splendid results."
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 14.— J. H. Meyer
of San Francisco", is at the Normandie.
C.'.C. Donovan of Santa Rosa is at the
Wellington Hotel, en route to Europe.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 14.— William Browne
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan.
W.< B. Sink, wife and son of San Fran
cisco are at the Hoffman. . -:Vu
A HEARING WILL
BE GIVEN THE
GAS COMPANIES
Fixing of Rates Again
Deferred.
OPINION BY AN ATTORNEY
RIGHT OF THE BOARD TO ACT
DENIED.
Supervisors Will Give the Monopoly
an Opportunity to Show Why
Present Rates Should Not
Be Reduced.
The gas companies are to be given an
opportunity to show why the present rate
of $1 75 a thousand feet now paid by the
city should not be reduced in accordance
with the expressed desire of a majority
of the members of the Board of Super
visors. In the meantime the board will
defer action in the matter of fixing the
rate to be paid for gas during the com
ing fiscal year. ,;..'■;
The Street Lights Committee, of which
Supervisor Kalben is chairman, met
yesterday morning for the purpose of
taking action on the amended resolution
referred to it at the last meeting of the
Board of Supervisors. The original reso
lution, of which Supervisor Aigeltinger
Is the author, provides for the fixing of
the rate to be paid for gas at ?1 50 a
thousand feet. To this Supervisor Lack
mann offered an amendment fixing the
rate at $1 35 a thousand feet.
Attorney Edward Rix, representing the
gas company, was on hand and stated to
the committee that the corporation
claimed now and had always claimed
that the Board of Supervisors had no le
gal power to fix the rate to be paid for
gas. He added that if the board assumed
the power and the right to do so its ac
tion, presuming that a rate was fixed,
would not be upheld by the courts unless
an. opportunity was first given the gas
company to show what would be a
fair and equitable rate. This, he said,
had been well established in the case of
the Spring Valley Water Company, where
it was held by the Supreme Court that
the water rate fixed .by the Board
of Supervisors was void because the
water company had not been given a
full opportunity to show what a fair rate
should be. He therefore asked that if
a reduction in the gas rates was in con
templation the company be given a hear
ing and a fair opportunity to show what
rate should be charged in order that the
Interests of all parties should be pro
tected. In making this request, he said,
he did not in any way recede from the
position taken by his clients that the
board had no legal right to fix the rate
in any event.
Supervisor Aigeltinger wanted to know
if the gas company would voluntarily ac
cede to a rate of $1 50 a thousand feet.
Attorney Rix replied that no formal ac
tion of this kind on the part of the cor
poration could be taken without the con
sent of the board of directors. This
would necessitate the calling of a meet
ing of the board of directors, a proceed
ing that could not be accomplished within
less than three or four days.
After some further discussion the com
mittee decided to defer further consid
eration of the matter until next Tues
day morning at 11 o'clock, at which time
the representatives of all the .gas com
panies are to be notified to be present
for the purpose of showing why the pres
ent rate paid for gas should not ; be re
duced. ______________________
HENRY PETERSON MISSING.
Left Home Last Wednesday After
noon and No Tidings Have Been
Received of Him Since.
Henry Peterson, a watchman well
known on the city front, has been missing
from his home since the 12th of the
present month. His wife saw him last
at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of that day,
and she has been unable to learn any tid
ings of him since that hour. She left
with Deputy Coroner Sullivan yesterday
the following description: Age 61 years,
5 feet 8 inches tall, ISO pounds weight,
black eyes, gray hair, beard and mus
tache arid a scar over the left eye. At the
time of his disappearance he wore a
brown soft felt hat, black cutaway coat
and vest, gray pants and gaiter shoes.
He had no money on his person at the
time he left home and it is feared that
he has met with some accident.
The Lake Merced Tragedy.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
afternoon at 524 Church street on the
bodies of Miss Catherine Williams and
Miss Clara Woods, who were drowned
in Lake Merced last Thursday. Nothing
new was elicited by the evidence, and
the jury returned a verdict of accidental
drowning.
* ♦ «
Soft baby cream, 15c lb. Tow-nsend's. •
: ■ ♦ ■
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits, 50c lb. in fire-etched
boxes or Jap baskets. 627 Market St. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trees that weave bed clothing ara
among Ecuador's wonders. A recent de
scription of an Indian blanket of that
country states that it is more than six
by five feet in size, is as soft and pliable
as flannel and can be rolled and placed in
a shawlstrap without injury, and that it
is simply the inner bark from a section of
the trunk of the demojagua tree.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3's days to Chicago, 4Mi
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 628 Mar
ket street.
For a tonic for the nervous and dyspeptic
nothing equals a little Angostura Bitters. Th
genuine. Dr. Siegerfs, In port or sherry.
In 1897 one-tenth of the 11,078,000 ounces
of gold produced was due to the cyanide
process. Only within the last ten years
has the knowledge been utilized that fold
is soluble in a solution of the cyanide of
potassium. Gold-bearing ore and sands
of a low average can be profitably worked
by this process alone, and the increasing
yield of the metal is in part due to this
fact. '••'!-
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
j Alum baking powders are the greatest
j menacers to health of the present day.
i "OVAL bakino powo-8 00. , new VOHK.APPRAISING
COMMITTEES
APPOINTED
Supervisors Advance
Panhandle Scheme.
THE MODE OF PROCEDURE
ENGINEERS AND REAL ESTATE
MEN SELECTED.
Work of Estimating the Cost of the
Proposed Improvement Will Be
Begun at an Early
Day.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met in special session last
night and took the first definite step
toward the advancement of the park pan
handle extension and the Mission sewer
movements. Two expert committees were
appointed— one to appraise the value of
:he property within the limits of the pro
posed panhandle extension and the other j
to estimate the cost of a new and com- j
plete sewer system for the outlying dis
tricts. After Supervisor Aigeltinger called
the committee to order he stated that ;
the members of the committee had fully j
rliscussed th? proposed action and . had
informally agreed to appoint G. H. I'mb- I
?en, Joseph Howell, Henry «.'. Robinson, |
Al Raish and S. H. Kent to appraise the
value of the real estate and improvements
In the tract. , , ,
Supervisor Aigeltinger's list was quickly
ratified, and then he presented another
list, naming three expert engineers to
.stimate the cost of a new sewer system.
rhey were G. E. Grunsky; Marsden Man
son "and City Surveyor Tllton. Supervisor
Holland brought up the question of comp
ensation. It was the work of only a
few moments to settle this point. Super
visor Holland suggested that the fee to
be paid every member of both, appraising
committees be fixed at $500, and the sug
gestion met with the approval of every
member of the committee.
The appraisers were instructed to have
their report to the Hoard of Supervisors
in readiness by May 16. This will give the
committees ample me to fully investi
gate both matters, but it will be neces
sary for them to commence their labors
at "once. _, _ . t . _i_
When their estimates are filed with the
clerk of the board the Supervisors will
then set a date on which to hold the
bond election to raise the money to carry
out both plans. it is understood that the
board will iix a date during the months
of July or September.
JUSTICE AND NOT
CHIVALRY PREVAILS
.CHARGES AGAINST JOHN PLUN
KETT DISMISSED.
Mrs. Samuels Struck Him First and
the Insurance Man in His Ex
citement Hit Back.
Judge Mogan yesterday dismissed the
charge of battery preferred against John
Plunk general manager of the Perm
Mutual Life Insurance Company, by Mrs.
Rebecca Samuels.
The Judge briefly reviewed the case and ;
said the testimony showed that Mrs. Sam
uels had truck Plunkett first, and that |
"when a woman fights she unsexes her
self." Plunkett's demeanor while on the
■witness stand had Impressed the Judge as
that of a highly nervous man. and he
came to the inclusion that Mrs. Sam
uels' blow excited the Insurance agent, j
who in his nervousness struck back. The i
only censure Judge Mogan had for Plun
kett was conveyed In the Judge's reflec- I
tion that he considered Plunkett very \
•forward."
Mrs. Samuels had Plunkett arrested on
the ith of April on a charge of battery,
claiming thai she was visiting at the home ;
of her grandmother when Plunkett en- :
tered and began to abuse her. His lan
guage maddened the lady and she slapped j
his face. The alleged blow for which the
arrest was made was, in the opinion of
the court, in defense of the lady's .-mack.
Crowds at the Zinkand. j
The ropul-irity of the Zlnkand Is attested by |
the large crowds that Rather there every even
ing before and after the iter. .'■'•* '
Threatened to Shoot.
Samuel Aftergast, a butcher in Oak
land, swore to a complaint in Acting Po
lice Judge Barry's court yesterday for
the arrest of A. Desbaum, an officer con
nected with the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals, on the charge of
threats to kill. Aftergast alleged that
while he. was at Ocean View Thursday
buying a cow sbaum came up to him
and ordered him not to appear again in
that neighborhood, and when Aftergast
told him to mind his own business he
drew his revolver and threatened to shoot,
scaring two ladies who were close by.
Got a -Tear for His Fun.
•Alick Aulin. a recent arrival from Chi
cago, who amused himself Tuesday night
at Third and Mission streets by firing a
revolver at a crowd that he had gathered
around him, was yesterday sentenced by
Judge Mogan to one year In the County-
Jail, being six months on each of the
charges of carrying a concealed weapon
and discharging firearms within the city
limits.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*~^________z___z_!_z__zz_iz_zz_z__z_r'
I What a Little Faith Did I
FOR MRS. ROCKWELL.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 69,884]
" I was a great sufferer from female
weakness and had no strength. It was
impossible for me to attend to my
household duties. I had tried every-
thing and many doctors, but found no
relief.
My sister advised me to try Lydia
E. Pink-lam's Vegetable Compound,
which I did; before using all of one
bottle I felt better. I kept on with it
and to my great surprise I am cured.
All who suffer from female complaints
should give it a trial." — Mrs. Rock-
well, 1209 S. Division St., Grand
Sapids, Mien.
I rom a Grateful Newark Woman.
When I wrote to you I was very
sick, had not been well for two years.
The doctors did not seem to help me,
and one said I could not live three
months. I had womb trouble, falling, :
ulcers, kidney and bladder trouble.
There seemed to be such a drawing
and burning pain in my bowels that I
could not rest anywhere. After using
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and Sanative Wash and follow-
ing your advice, I feel well again and
stronger than ever. My bowels feel as if
they had been made over new. With
many thanks for your help, I remain,
L. U., 74 A>n St., Newark, N. J."
•
CALIFORNIAN PRODUCTS
WILL BE DISPLAYED HERE
Main Buildings of the Philadelphia Exposition.
_\ npilß local commercial and Industrial bodies of this city have received copies of the prospectus of the Philadelphia ■
<*> I Exposition, which will be opened in the City of Brotherly- Love on next September and continue to the end of Decern- <v
O I ber. It will be held under the auspices of the Philadelphia Commercial Museum and Franklin Institute. In order O
_ that the venture may be a success liberal appropriations have been made by State and nation. The main buildings g
.t, cover over eight acres of land on. the Schuylkill River. The buildings, which are to be permanent, are already well un-
O der construction. The purpose of the exposition is to afford foreign and domestic dealers, manufacturers and pro- o
■• . liners an opportunity to display their wares and products, and in fact get all commercial people in touch' with each v
° other, to their mutual and general advantage. In this city the Manufacturers' and Producers' Association. Chamber of 9,
_, Commerce, State Board of Trade. Produce Exchange and others have indorsed the project, and the same action has q
<$> been taken by public and semi-public bodies all over the State and United States. Those most interested here be- <$>
O lieve this exposition will afford a splendid opportunity to bring to the attention of the entire world California's Wine, o
<$> brandy, fruit, mineral and other industries, and be the means of finding new markets for all California products. From <$>
° the manner in which the matter is being taken in hand it is safe to say v.at one of the finest exhibits of this State's °
_ products ever made will be seen at the coming exposition. ' _
■*> <$>
ACCIDENTALLY
RAUER MET A
FIGHTING QUINN
Collected Bad Eyes
Instead of Money.
HOT TIME ON A FERRY BOAT
THE LAW AGENCY PROPRIETOR
WAS TWICE TWISTED.
Had the Wrong Man in Court and
Then Found the Right One to
i the Detriment of His
Complexion.
J. J. Raver, collector of bad debts and |
the proprietor of a Sansome-street land
agency, is at present of the opinion that
there are in existence Quinns and Quinns.
But a few days ago Mr. Raver was
given permission to collect a bill from
"Jack"- Quinn, who has the reputation of
being a horse judge; but a surprise awaited
him In two ways. First he launched a
net which dragged an unoffending Quinn
into court, who proved that he was out ■
of debt and necessarily the wrong man. '
Secondly, the collector, devoid of mal- I
ice aforethought, met the correct Quinn ]
and was soon afterward obliged to paint I
his eyebrows and otherwise patch up a j
countenance formerly devoid of bloody j
marks or scars.
The story which led to the arrest of an j
innocent man, the meeting of the col
lector with the indebted Quinn and the ;
blood which has been washed from the
decks of a Tiburon ferry-boat have been j
a sort of a center for comment ln collec
tion agency circles, and the police may
be appealed to. ..'*'..
As the story goes, Mr. Raver took the I
Tlburon ferry-boat at 3:30 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon with the object in view of
visiting Santa Rosa on a collecting tour.
"While peaceably purchasing his ticket he
noticed the long-sought Quinn going on i
board the boat. Then and there he deter
mined, court or no court, to collect the j
bill due his employer. Chagrined at hav
ing hauled a wrong Quinn into court he
awaited his chance. It soon came, and
no sooner had It come than the collector
regretted his haste and departed to the
saloon on the boat to purchase bandages ,
and stimulants. -. * ;
Eye-witnesses agree that though beau- i
tiful from a crimson standpoint the mix
up was decldely one-sided and involved |
but one knockout, scored by Quinn. \
Thursday afternoon, Mr. Quinn, well |
known by all racetrack followers, left this
city, accompanied by Mr. Stelzner, gen- !
erally known to boxing enthusiasts. They
had determined to take the Tiburon ferry
on a short hunting expedition, and carried
guns and ammunition garore. Soon after |
going aboard the boat they met Mr. j
Raver. Then the exhibition opened..
Quinn saw Raver approaching and made
a sort of a gun rack and ammunition
holder of Stelzner. The pugilist, not
knowing what was to happen, held his
place. Soon the men met. A right, a left
then a repetition of the movements, and
Raver, seeking shelter, was soon .lost to I
view. Stelzner coming out of a tempo
rary trance, dropped his shooting appar- j
atus and anxiously requested to be al- j
lowed to continue the performance, but I
was prevented from doing so by friends. j
Later the hunters regretted their actions
owing to the patched up condition of the |
Injured collector.
Mr. Raver may resume business in a
few days, but It is said that he has been
quietly advised to drop Mr. Quinn from i
his list. Stelzner anxiously awaits a re- |
newal of hostilities, as It is said neither he
nor Mr. Quinn could hit a barn, let alone
a duck, owing to nervousness and other
things contracted on the trip across the
bay.
On the following day Bauer returned ,
from Santa Rosa and swore out a war
rant before Justice Rodden of San Rafael
charging Quinn with battery. He desired
a warrant for assault with intent to com- j
mit murder, but it was refused. Quinn's '
ball was fixed at $200, and Deputy Con- :
stable George At.no came to San Fran-
Cisco after him, but failed to find Quinn. j
He was Informed, however, that the turf
man would appear for trial. Raver de
clared Quinn used brass knuckles and j
said the assault was the result of an In
effectual attempt to collect a bill due the
Baldwin Hotel, for which Quinn was re
cently brought into court on an order of
examination regarding certain property.
MARINE FIREMEN'S FUNDS.
Ex-Treasurer Dougherty's Examina
tion on the Charge of Embez
zlement.
The preliminary examination of John
Dougherty, 'ex-treasurer of the Marine
Firemen's Union, on the charge of felony
embezzlement was commenced before
Judge Conlan yesterday afternoon. He
was defended by ex-Judge Fefiral.
Patrick Rodgers, ex-financial secretary
of the union, testified to having given
Dougherty the $1100-alleged to have been
embezzle-, and to obtaining Dougherty's
receipt for the money. Andrew Ryul. the
present financial secretary, testified to
having made a formal demand upon
Dougherty for the return of the money.
As the other witnesses for the prosecu
tion were not present, B. O. Young, an ex
pert on handwriting, was put on the stand
and testified that the signature on the re
ceipt for the money was not in bis opin
ion in the defendant's handwriting. The
case was continued till Monday.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh «t.. corner Mission. bait water,
direct from ocean. * ••■•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 899.
FRIENDS OF
THE MINISTER
LOUDLY PROTEST
Dr. Cooke's Resigna
tion Causes a Storm.
THE CONGREGATION DIVIDED
SOME THREATEN TO GIVE "UP
THEIR PEWS.
The Minister Has Not as Yet Pre
sented His Requested Resig
nation to the Vestry of
the Church.
Chaos reigns among the congregation
of the Trinity Episcopal Church. The ac
tion of -the vestry in requesting the Rev.
Henry E. Cooke to resign the rectorship
of the church has divided the congrega
tion into two factions and a merry war
is on. The friends of the minister are
highly incensed over the vestry's action
and many of them have already given up
their pews.
One of the ladies who maintains a lofty
position ln the affairs of the church Is
the authority for the statement that the
friends of the Rev. Mr. Cooke have been
seriously thinking of calling an indigna
tion meeting to protest against his resig
nation and the vestry's request that it
should be forthcoming. Services will be
held in the church on Monday evening
and should the supporters of the minis
ter decide to make an open protest
against the vestry's action in all proba
bility the matter will be brought to a
focus there and then.
There seems to be little or nothing pro
or con in the squabble that borders on
scandal. Though the members of the ves
try are reluctant to discuss their action
or divulge the reasons which prompted
them to request their minister to pre
sent his resignation, the facts are gener
ally known.
Ever since the Rev. Mr. Cooke assumed
the responsibility of the pulpit and af
fairs of the Trinity Episcopal Church
there has been more or less opposition to
his course on the part of the vestry and
many other prominent and wealthy mem
bers of the congregation. On the other
hand, the reverend gentleman succeeded
in winning the admiration and hearty
support of many of the workers of the
parish. This divided the congregation
into two factions.
One of the vestry in defending. their ac
tion to a friend stated that during the
last year there has been a vast falling
off in the attendance at the church and ;
a decrease In the yearly receipts of sev
eral thousand dollars. This, he claimed,
was due to the Rev. Mr. Cooke's sermons
and voice, which, he claimed, was weak
and wholly inadequate to fill the church.
Other modern Ideas which the minister
Introduced Into the services were dis
tasteful to the vestry, so they claim, and
for that reason they decided to request
his resignation.
The minister still refuses to discuss the
situation, but his friends are all garru
lously indignant, and some of them have
gone so far as to vow that they would
never again enter the doors of Trinity-
Church Tf Dr. Cooke's resignation is ac
cepted by the vestry.
--"If they do not rescind their action I
will never put my foot Inside the church
doors again." said a prominent and
wealthy woman who has been an active
church worker for years. "The Rev. Mr.
Cooke has worked heart and soul to make
matters run along smoothly, and nobody
could entertain any just criticisms to his
course. These matters, however, are del
icate and private affairs and I do not feel
at liberty to discuss them too "freely."
Many friends of Dr. Cooke are Inclined
to believe that social affairs may have
fa id a potent bearing on the vestry's ac
tion. While Dr. Cooke is a member of
a family whose social sway in the East
was never questioned, the minister did
not cater particularly to the bright satel 7
lltes of local society who happened to be
members of his flock. These who have
arrayed themselves on the side of the
minister state that during his regime Dr.
Cooke assisted more than one lowly mem
ber of his flock to a position in church
affairs where they could rub shoulders
with the elite.
This is believed to have promulgated a
feeling of opposition among a certain
class, and the friends of Dr. Cooke are
responsible for the belief that it played no
small part in the present trouble.
POWER OF SUPERVISORS.
They May Open or Close Streets at
•l .; Their Pleasure.
The Supreme Court In a decision hand
ed down yesterday has upheld the action
of the Board of Supervisors In the matter
; of closing the westerly end of Turk street.
; This thoroughfare as originally laid out
between Masonic and St. Josephs aye
( nues was 100 feet wide. In April, 1897, the
board passed an order declaring the
northerly 31 feet 3 Inches to be closed and
vacated. Several owners of land abutting
on the southerly side of Turk street in
stituted proceedings with a view of hav
ing the action of the board rescinded and
a judgment annulling said order, upon the
ground that the board had acted in ex
cess of its Jurisdiction.
They had asserted that they had been
damaged by the closing of the street, and
that the order complained of did not pro
vide for any compensation for such dam
ages. A demurrer to the application was
sustained fey the Superior Court, from
which an appeal was taken. The Su
preme Court says: .< '
"The act of the Board of Supervisors in
determining that a street shall be opened
or closed, or widened or contracted, or
otherwise improved, is a legislative act
performed in the exercise of the power
which has been conferred upon the mu
nicipality by the Legislature to enable it
to provide for the welfare of Its citizens,
and although the board is called upon to
exercise its judgment in determining
whether to authorize the improvement,
such judgment is not the exercise of any
'judicial function,' but Is the conclusion
which they form in the exercise of the
discretionary power that has been in
trusted to them, and upon a consideration
of the public welfare and demands for
which they are to provide."
Caledonian's Ladies Night.
Last evening the Caledonian Club held an
open meeting ln Scottish Hall on Larkln street,
and It being ladles' night there was a large
attendance of lady relatives and friends of
the members. For their entertainment the
officers presented a most enjoyable programme
of select numbers, which Included airs on the
bagpipes by Lindsay, the Highland piper. In
full costume; piano and cornet duet, Mr. and
Miss Falrgleve; vocal selections by Mrs. Segar.
Mrs. Tully, Mr. Warnelll arid "William J.
O'Brien: coon songs by little Claire Vex; an
amusing conversation by the well-known ven
triloquist, John P. Dwyer, with his friend
Casey; clog and buck and wing dancing. Misses
Lillian Rhoads, Viva Anderson and Annie
Hurg; specialties by Messrs. Franklin. Cath
cart and J. O. Fraser, and instrumental music
by M. Meagher. The appreciation of the ef
forts of the entertainers was manifested by
many recalls.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill, 309 Larkin.*
Lottery _iooms Raided.
Acting under Instructions from Captain
Splllane Policemen Tyrrell and Esola yes
terday afternoon raided the rooms of the
Kentucky i_ottery Company in the Par
rott building, after buying >.« worth of
tickets. They seised a number of tickets
and drawings J. J. Mills and Frank Ad
ams were arrested, the former for selling
lottery tickets and aiding and abetting a
lottery, and the latter for aiding and abet
ting a lottery. The company has been
six weeks in the business.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ x *. ' \ ♦ .' : -y ;
IN
THREE
__J_\!l__yiEL_
/ _Bv__?____h__S wkwm yD __r ' &F^'
*s___ ___^^ !___ MP^— ?^___ \mwJf _____! ____, # 4
\^____ ab / '*- _-/%. v ________________
_«__> _ / — ~^V *"^^ (mW m ' ?**
yy ''■■■ , ...
________ 'i i - M-. •. • i i ii ii - — — — — — —^^— — — — — a__ i
NOE VALLEY
TERRORIZED
BY TOUGHS
Police Appear to Be
Powerless. ' '
DEPREDATIONS OF HOODLUMS
LIVES AND PROPERTY ARE IN
JEOPARDY.
Long List of Outrages Heaped Upon
a Helpless Family, While the
Authorities Afford No
Protection.
For several years the residents of Noe
Valley have been terrorized by the depre
dations of a gang of hoodlums, and the
police, though fully cognizant of the ex
istence of the gang and the names of
most if not all the members, are either
powerless or unwilling to suppress the
marauders. Affairs have reached such a
stage that persons are openly attacked
with even harder treatment it' they dare
lodge complaint against the offenders.
The members of the gang range in age
from 12 to 26 years, and they have dis
played extraordinary ingenuity in devis
ing methods of destroying the peace and
property of the people in the neighbor
hood.
Few have escaped the attentions of this
gang, but one of the greatest sufferers
Is David Fleischman, a simple-minded
huckster and junk dealer, who lives with
his father, mother and sister at 111 Jersey
street. The elder Fleischman is 90 years
old, totally blind and entirely helpless.
The mother is but a few years younger,
bent nearly double with weight of years,
while the sister Is a cripple. This family
own the little cottage they live in, and
as the son has been in too feeble health
for almost a year to follow his ordinary
occupation, they depend entirely upon a
cow and a few chickens for their exist
ence. But the hoodlums seem determined
to cut off even this source of revenue, for
within the pas\ three weeks they have
brought into service a parlor rifle, with
which they practice on the Fleischman
poultry with deadly effect. A few days
ago the cow was shot and suffered from
the wound for several days. Two dogs
owned by the family have been shot and
repeatedly stoned; a pet cat and her kit
tens killed and the members of the family
themselves boldly threatened with exter
mination, j
The ringleaders of the gang are three
brothers named Grove, a fellow named
Singewold and two Smith brothers, all of
whom live in the vicinity of Twenty
fourth and Sanchez streets. They have
repeatedly set upon Fleischman, stoned
him, and threatened him with death. One
day, when Fleischman had his cow up on
the hillside grazing, he was set upon by
hoodlums and severely stoned, the animal
being cut with the missiles as well. Since
then he has not dared to take the cow
out to graze, and his mother and sister
are compelled to go out and cut grass,
bringing it to the stable in sacks.
But that is only a tithe of what the
family has suffered. One night, some
months ago, the old lady was in the kit
chen, when a rock weighing over a pound
crashed through the window and struck a
shelf within a few inches of her head. At
another time the family was seated at the
supper table, when another huge rock
sailed through the window, carrying away
part of the blind and upsetting the lamp.
Fortunately it was of metal and did not
break, else the house would have been
destroyed.
The night of the 3d of last July Fleisch
man saw several of the gang ln the yard
near his front door, and thinking they
were stealing some i flags he had tacked
up .over the windows that day, decided
it would be better not to interfere with
them. .A minute later there was a ter
rific explosion, shattering the front door,
shaking the house like an earthquake
and badly damaging the walls. The
young fiends had filled a piece of gas pipe,
on one end of which was an iron cap,
with powder, and plugging up the other
end fired it with a fuse close up against
the door. Fleischman has the shattered
infernal machine now as an exhibit of
their desperation.
• Time and again the house has been sub
jected to a bombardment of rocks, marks
of which are plainly seen. The family Is
afraid to show a lamp at a window at
night for fear of it being used as a tar
get.
Worst of all, the company which had
insured the Fleischman house learned of
the bombardment and explosion and can
celed the policy. Since then Fleischman
has only been able to insure the place for
a trifling amount, and that at an exor
bitant rate. .
A favorite amusement of the gang is to
drop a huge bowlder on a brood of tiny
chickens, Just to see how many they can
kill and maim. One night not long ago
Fleischman saw four of the gang, all full
grown, sneak into his barn, and the fam
ily remained awake all night, expecting
momentarily that the place would break
into flame. - The following morning they
found that the cow had been milked dry
by the toughs and their revenue for that
day shut off.
Fleischman and others have reported
the gang to the police times innumera
ble, and officers have been sent out to
Investigate, but never an arrest Is made.
About two years ago Fleischman says he
went down to get a warrant for the Grove
brothers, but the prosecuting attorney to
whom he applied said it would cost him
$10 to procure the warrant and have the
case prosecuted. Fleischman would not
be bled, and the warrant was not Issued,
Hi- does not know the name of the prose
cuting attorney who tried to hold him
up.
Since the hoodlums have brought the
rifle Into use, Fleischman, fearing that
his entire flock of chickens would be de
stroyed, and knowing that it was useless
to expect any protection from the police,
told his troubles to Secretary Holbrook
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, and that officer is
conducting a thorough Investigation. He
has the names of the gang, young and
old, and expects to have ample evidence
against them in a few days to secure
the conviction of the entire crowd.
Master Haug's Recital.
Julius A. Haug, a young, talented, but
as yet Immature violinist, played last ;
night in the Young Men's Auditorium to ;
a small and friendly audience. Miss Xena
Roberts and Herbert Williams were other
participants In the programme.
America and Germany.
So soon as America showed her characteris
tic firmness the German cruiser left Manila
Bay, and we now protect the German inter
ests. In a like manner all stomach ills fly
before the wonderful uower of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It strikes at the root of all
diseases— the stomach, and not only cures in
digestion, constipation, biliousness, liver and
kidney troubles, but cures them quickly and
permanently. It makes a hearty appetite and
fills the blood with rich red corpuscles.
1935 sold in MARCH. |
935 sold in MARCH.
BICYCLES
$40
TUBS. R. B. f ARNET. Market ft. 10th, S. F. I
Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings. _fi|
AMUSEMENTS.
OPERA-HOUSE* SPURS
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF
A Legitimate Lyric Triumph.
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, 75c and $1 00
Dress Circle (Reserved) 50 c
Family Circle (Reserved) 25c
Gallery (Net Reserved) 15c
SPECIAL MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON
FOR LADIES AND CHILDREN.
PRICES— ISc, 25c and 50c; nothing higher.
NEXT WEEK .... "ERMINIE."
In Preparation. "EL CAPITAN."
SPECIAL— 2 AFTERNOON RECITALS !
SAUER
WEDNESDAY, April 19. and FRIDAY, April
21, at 3 o'clock.
PRICES FROM tf TO $3
KNABE PIANO USED.
The sale of seats will begin at Kohler &
Chase's and the Box Office this Saturday morn-
ing, at 9 o'clock. ■
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY LAST TIMES OF
ROLAND. REED'S
LAUGHING SUCCESS,
HUMBUG!
A NIGHT OF LEVITY FOR ALL WHO
■■;:■ ATTEND.
PRICES -• • - _-__- 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week.. A BAD LOT.
BASEBALL!
WATSONVILLE
— -vs.
SAN FRANCISCO.
*
TO-DAY f\T 3 F». Wl.
SUNDAY AT -2:15 F». Wl.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
GLEN PARK!
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY. APRIL 16,
MONSTER ■-:. '■'. -■■■
VAUDEVILLE
PROGRAMME.
I GYMNASTS.
COMEDIANS,
CONJURER,
SKETCH ARTISTS.
JUGGLER,
MUSICAL NUMBERS.
HOMING PIGEON RACE.
Admission, 10c. All San Mateo Electric Cars
run direct to Park entrance. Valencia, Mission
«<_ Sutter street lines transfer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spring Opening
NOVELTIES
IN
NECKWEAR
SHIRTS
UNDERWEAR
HOSIERY
ALSO '
Ladies' Waists
.
POPULAR PRICES.
Eagleson I Co,
J. Q. Eagle ion. W. I. Hawkins.
748 and 750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
— ————_——-—— — — — — — » — — ■— — — _ ___
AMUSEMENTS.
OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng.. Proprietor & Manager
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
THE SPECTACULAR EXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
A TREAT FOR THE CHILDREN.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR NEXT WEEK.
The French Vaudeville Operetta,
"THE LITTLE TROOPER/
Adapted by CLAY M. GREENE.
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 60c.
Our Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT.
.BOSTONIANS.
Presenting the Ever Popular
.ROBUST HOOD.
Next Week— Nights BOSTONIANS.
Monday— "Rob Roy." Tuesday— Sere-
nade." Wednesday— "Robin Hood," etc.
Summer Is Coming — So are tho
_R.-__.-_TS
In Their Howllne Success,
..."A HOT OLD TIME"...
CALIFORNIA THEATER, ;' '. *
BEGINNING MONDAY— SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. APRIL 15.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. .
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART
And Company. In the Refined Comedy, "T_»
Lady of the Rowan Tree."
MLLE. CLARA LARDINOIS,
Chanteuse Lyric.
Two More Big Hits,
mARSHALI. F». WILDER
-.-':.;-:■ \ AND
KMRA "THE ORErtT."
JOSEPHINE , GASSMAN and Her "Black
Cherubs": HENGLER SISTERS. POLK AND
KOLLINS. and PANTZER BROS.
Next week-ENTIRE NEW BILL.
INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.,
Market Street near Eighth.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA
BAY
Will Open TO-DAY
(SATURDAY) at 4 P. M.
THEREAFTER DAILY from 9 a. m. to 10 p.m.
Music by Blanchard's military band.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, April ljth and 16th.
ALL RECORDS BROKEN.
OPENandPUPPYSTAKES
116 NOMINATIONS.
$975— PRIZE MONEY S97S
TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets,
Saturday, 12:55 P. M. : Sunday, 11 A. M., 12 M.
and IP. M. Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets,
five minutes later. Returning from Park Im-
mediately after last course." Extra train from
Park on Sunday, 4:45 P. M. San Mateo Electric
Cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 Cents. LADIES, P-RCT.
CONCERTS AND RESOBTS.
THE STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK, Market -ad Eighth Sta.
Don't fall to see CAPTAIN ADOLPH
FREITSCH and his THIRTY-FOOT BOAT. 11l
which be will make a voyage around the world.
Now on exhibition daily. Grounds open from
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA CHARGE. .
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, including ride on
the "Horses," etc, • •
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bawling. Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children, lie ; Including admission
to grounds. --;•.•':
THE STEAMER I'KIAH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. in. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and 5 p. m. .-;.->; r>-
ERNEST HAQUETTE
Will open his new place, the "Palace o;
Art," 16 Post St., between Kearny and Mont-
gomery. Saturday, April 15th. as a gentleman'! '
cafe. Merchants' lunch will be served fron
11 a. m. to 2 p. m.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Beginning MONDAY, April 17, afternoons <
o'clock, evenings 8:15 o.clock. Wonderful Mov-
ing Pictures of POPE LEO XIII. and other in-
teresting moving views, by the American Bio
graph Co. Admission 50 cents; children 25 cent*
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY' OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer.
Wheat unsettled.
Barley futures steady.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
■ Hay demoralized again.
Feedstuff* unchanged.
Lima Beans continue to advance.
l'otatoes and Onions firm but quiet.
Butter weak and Eggs lower.
Poultry rather easier. : : -';•:;.■
Game dull. 1 .-•' Q
Cherries and Berries firm.
Apples higher and scarce.
Limes advanced. Oranges unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Meats about the same.
Codfish scarce and higher,
"fig Tin advanced.
unchanged.
increased receipts of Wine.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
during the first three month? of the year were
as follows, compared with the same time in
1898: Of Wine, 5.622,000 gallons, against 4.387,
--000; of Brandy, 82,000 gallons, against 83,130.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. 5 p. m.
The following* are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations- 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.00 31.07 31.16
Red Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento ...: 0.00 13.91 8.87
San Francisco 0.00 15. i.75
Fresno 0.00 6.''2 4.16
San Luis Obispo 0.00 14. 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.28
San Diego .. 0.00 4.54 4.18
Yuma 0.00 1-34 1.02
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
73; minimum, 49; mean, 61.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is clear over the Pacific Slope,
except along Puget Sound, where it Is cloudy.
The pressure has fallen over the western por
tions of Oregon and Washington and North
western California.
The temperature has risen in nil districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather ln
California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight April 15. 1899:
Northern California- Fair Saturday ; con
tinued warm; light variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light variable winds. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Offlclal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April Trading was rather
sluggish most of the day, transactions only
sllghtly exceeding half a million shares. Lo
cal transportation shares continued prominent
In the dealings, while the railroads moved with
in narrow limits. The idea that Brooklyn
Transit might benefit by some of the mooted
electrical combinations made the stock in keen
request. The stock sold ex the subscription
rights from 129 to 134%, closing at 134, against
last gin's 130. Manhattan, too, ran up some
3 points, while Metropolitan, after an early
display of strength, broke 7 points, closing with
a net loss of 3. Among other strong specialties i
were Sugar, People's Gas, Continental To
bacco, Federal Steel, Rubber and Lead. The
two last named rose 3 and 5 respectively. The
railway list, although neglected most of the
day, was strong in the late dealings. Influ
ences at work on sentiment were easy money,
hopes of a favorable bank statement to-mor
row and rather better reports on wheat. Mo
bile and Ohio advanced on small dealings on
the belief that a deal was pending which would
serve the read an entrance to Chicago over
the St Louis Short Line. A number of brok
ers have requested large time loans so as not
to be forced to pay high rates for call loans ln
any possible squeeze In money.. Transactions
for foreign account were very small. In the
final dealings the pressure against traction
stocks caused some recessions from the best
prices, but the undertone was good.
To-day's bond market showed good breadth
and there were some good gains in issues which
have of late obtained prominence in the market.
Total sales, $3,600,000.
United States threes coupons advanced %,
■while the old fours coupons and the new fours
declined % ln the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 598,590
shares. including: American Steel 8800, Ameri
can Sugar 15,100, American Tinplate 6300, Atchi
son preferred 18,700, Baltimore and Ohio 3300,
Brooklyn Rapid Transit cast. 7700, Brooklyn |
Rapid Transit T. R. 73,900, Brooklyn Rapid
Transit T. R. rights 42,800, Burlington 22,500,
Chicago Gas 3200, Continental Tobacco 42,900,
Federal Steel 23.800, Federal Steel preferred
4300, Manhattan Consolidated S3OO, Metropoli
tan 8600, Missouri Pacific 17,700, National Bis
cuit 3300, National Steel 10,500, New York Cen
tral 6100, Northern Pacific 10,700, People's Gas
18,70., Reading first preferred 4100, Reading sec
ond preferred 4100, Rock Island 4800, St. Paul
15.400, Southern Railway preferred 3300, Ten
nessee Coal and Iron 39,300, Texas and Pacific
4100, Union Pacific 8100, United States Rubber
5800.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% St Louis & S W... 11%
Do prefd 60% i Do prefd 34
Baltimore & Ohio. 73 'St Paul 127%
Canada Pacific >>7% Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. 57i_ St P & Om 96
Cent Pac 51%) Do prefd 165
Ches & Ohio 27% So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 188 So Railway 12%
Chi B & Q 141% Do prefd 51%
Chi Si. E 111 72% I Texas & Pacific... 23%
Do prefd 122 Union Pacific 47%,
Chi G W 15%; Do prefd 80
Chi Ind & L 9 UPD & G 12%
Do prefd 43 | Wabash 8
Chi & N W 162 Do prefd 24%
Do prefd 193 Wheel &L E 11%
C C C & St L.... 61% i Do prefd 31
Do prefd 97 ■ Express Companies —
Del & Hudson 118 Adams Ex 110
Del L & W 170% American Ex 140
Den & Rio Q 27 United States 7,3
Do prefd 75 Wells Fargo 125 .
Erie (new) 13% Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd 37% A Cot Oil 36%
Ft Wayne 182 Do prefd 91%
Gt Nor prefd 193 Am Spirits 14%
Hocking Val 8% Do prefd 35%
Illinois Cent 11". Am Tob, ex-d1v...224
Lake Erie & W... 18% Do prefd 142
Do prefd 67%' Cons Gas 195
Lake Shore 200 .Com Cable Co ISO
Louis & Nash 6". Col F & Iron 37%
Manhattan L 126%' Do prefd 90'
Met St Ry 250% Gen Electric 116
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 89
Minn & St L 51% B R T, ex-ilghts. .133%
Do Ist prefd 98 llntl Paper 54
Mo Pacific 61% Do prefd 82%
Mobile & Ohio 47% Laclede Gas 64
Mo X & T 13%, Lead ' 34%
Do prefd 40% ■ Do prefd 113
N J C, ex-dlv 117% Nat Lin Oil 4%
N V Central 141% Pacific Mall 51%
N T Chi & St L.. 13% People's Gas 127U
Do Ist prefd 66 Pullman Pal 160%
Do 2d prefd 32 Silver Certificates. 60
Nor West 18% Stand R & T 10%
No Amer Co 10 Sugar 167%
No Pacific 52% Do prefd 117%
Do prefd 78% T C & Iron 64%
Ontario & W 26% U S Leather 6%
Or R & Nay prefd. 70 | Do prefd 73%
Or Short Line 41% U S Rubber 53%
Pac C Ist prefd.... Bt j Do prefd 118
Do 2d prefd 60 .Western Union.... 94
Pittsburg 188 Am S & W C 0.... 65%
Reading 23%) Do prefd 98%
Do Ist prefd 65% j Federal Steel 68
R G W 34 | Do prefd 87
Do prefd 75 Colo Southern 6%
Rock Island 116% l Do Ist prefd 52%
Bt Louis & S F.... 11% Do 2d prefd: 21%
Do. prefd 71 Pac Coast 40
Do 2d prefd 39% Nor & W prefd.... 68
" CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 99% L & N Unl 45.... 96%
U 8 3s reg 107% N T C lsts 114%
Do coup .108% N J C gen 5s 119
U 8 new 4s reg... 1 29% j North Carolina 65. 127
Do coup ...-,...129% Do 4s 108
D 8 old 4s reg. ...112% N Pac lsts 119
Do coup 113% Do 3s 67%
C 8 6s reg 113 , Do4s 103%
Do coup 113 N YC& S L 45. .106%
Dlst 3.65s 117 Nor & W con 45... 93%
Ala class A 110 I Do gen 6s 130
Do B 110 Or Nay lsts 11l
Do C 100 I Do 4s 102%
Do Currency ..«100 O 8 Line 6s 128
Atch gen 4s 101% O 8 Line con 55.... 111%
Do adj 4s 83% Reading Gen 4s 89%
Canada So Ms ....110 R G W lsts 97%
C& O l%s :.. 94% L& I M Con 65. 109%
C & O 65 119-', 9 L & S F Gen 6s. 124 S
C& N con 7s 143%, 5t P Con 168
C&N 8 F deb 55.122 S P C & P 15t5... 121
Chi Term 4s 99% Do 5s .-.121%
D & R G lsts ....108% So Ry 6s 108%
D & R G 4s 101% Standard R & T 6b 89
E T Va & G lsts.los Term new set 35.. 97
Erie gen 4s 72 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...113
F W- & D C lsts.. S4 | Do 2ds 53%
Gen Elec 6s 116%. U P4s ....106
G H & S A ...11l -V P D & G lsts.... 90
Do 2ds 111% Wabash lsts 115%
II & T C 5a 112 i Do 2ds '..97
Do Con 6s 110 West Shore 4s ....114
lowa C lsts 108% Wis Cent lsts .... 09
KCP & G lsts... 65 Va Centuries 84
La new consol .109% Do deferred ...... 8
M X & T 2ds 68% Colo So 4s 56%
Do 4s 93% I
HIKING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario 6 20
Crown Point 18 Ophir 80
Con Cal & Va 1 75 Plymouth i 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 3 25
Gould & Curry 35, Do prefd 900
Haie & Norcrs.... 23 Sierra Nev 90
Home-stake 55 00, Standard 2 40
Iron Silver 58 ■ Union Con 45
Mexican 55 Yellow Jacket.... 34
BOSTON. STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westingh Elec ... 48%
Call loans 3 ©4 j Do prefd 64
1 Time loans 8%@4% Ed Elec Tel 202
i Stocks— Atchison prefd .... 60%
IA T & St Fe 20% Bonds— %
Amer Sugar 167% Atchison 4s 100%
Do prefd 117% Gen Elec os 114%
Hell Tel 358 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 2s2 Allouez Mm C 0.... 10%
i Boston & Maine... Atlantic 33%
Boston L 97% Boston & M0nt.... 371
Chi Bur & Q 141% Butte & Boston... 92
Fitchburg 115% Calumet & Hecla..B2o
Gen Electric 116 Centennial 43
Fed Steel 68 Franklin 26
Do prefd 87 Old Dominion »'6%
Mexican Cent .... 13% Osceola .' . r »2
Old Colony 207 Qulncy 165
Rubber 53% Tamarack 238
Union Pac- 47% | Wolverine 46%
West End 94 ll'arrott 55
Do prefd 114 I Humboldt 2%
Wis Cent 1%' Adventure 13
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— T0-day' a state
ment of the treasury shows: Available cash
balance, (251,U9,355; gold reserve (243,050,553.
•
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 14.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were mainly occupied to-day in
discussing the effect of the new stamp duties.
It is thought they bear unduly on Americans
generally, owing to the practice of frequently
renewing scrip certificates, and particularly on
low-priced shares, the tax being on the nom
inal value. Arbitrage business also suffers at
Amsterdam particularly.
Americans were dull at parity until New
York bought. The close was at the best, but
there were losses on the day.
Money was easier. The bank repaid its bor
rowings. Eighty-one thousand pounds sterling
gold ln bars was bought by the bank.
'.■'. -•-.-. CLOSING. vV-te
LONDON, April 14.— Canadian Pacific, 89%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 81; Union Pacific
preferred, 82%; Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar sil
ver, quiet, 27 7-16 d per ounce. Money, 1%®2
per cent.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, April 14.— following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
April 14, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York (1,468,498,277 14.3
Boston 145,251,735 68.6 ....
Chicago 125,769,072 22.6
Philadelphia 102.055.556 75.4
St. Louis 34,498,103 10.5
Pittsburg 36,262,164 116.5 .....
Baltimore ' 25,450,380 68.7 ....
San Francisco 17,780,710 3.6 £..:.' .
Cincinnati 15,710,200 17.7
Kansas City 11.569.418 .... 7.8
New Orleans 8,965,801 .... 3.6
1 Miimeapolts 8,226,634 37.1
i Detroit 7,726,833 29.8 ....
Cleveland 10,815.005 55.1 ....
Louisville 8.535.371 33.6
Providence 6.557.500 33.4 ....
Milwaukee 4,646,365 2.7
St. Paul 8,828,201 14.0 *
Buffalo 4,825,780 22.0 ....
Omaha 4,306,290 23.9
Indianapolis 5,300,960 6.8 "....
Columbus, 0 4,874,700 7.3
Savanna)] 1.990,918 7.9
i Denver 2.705.227 . 41.0 ....
Hartford 2.956.563 29.9 ....
I Richmond 2.953.206 19.7
Memphis 1,879,304 .... 4.1
Peoria 1.774,884 5.4 • ....
■ Rochester 1.9-8,768 24.5
New Haven 2,115,222 47.6
Worcester / 1,784,407 1.4 ....
1 Atlanta 1.717.989 27.9
Salt Lake City 1.796,674 11.8
' Springfield, Mass... 2,176,634 56.6
Fort Worth 1,618,816 .... 7.5
Portland, Me 1.549,279 8.8
Portland. Or 1,649.503 .... IS.I
St Joseph 2.716.907 1.7
Los Angeles 2,017.953 24.9
Norfolk 1.137,159 .... ....
Syracuse 1.303,592 6.2 X...
' Dcs Moines 1.745.548 37... ....
Nashville 1.245.145 1.0
'. Wilmington, Del... 861.300 14.1
Fall River ' 882.933 9.8 V...
I Scranton 970.147 13..
Orand Rapids 1. 1i5. 241 17.
, Augusta. Ga 747.966 10.3
Lowell 845,543 47.8
Dayton. 0 1.055.778 14.7
Seattle 1,537,976 .... 15.2
Tacoma 646.926 .... 18.2
Spokane 1,065. ''"45 120.4
Sioux City -952.575 32.7
' New Bedford 669,490 11.1
Knoxville, Term... 560.471 3.7
Topeka 458,194 .... 1.4
, Birmingham 653.353 41.7 ....
I Wichita 427,787
I Blnghamton 862.500 .... 1.1
Lincoln 391.316 21.8
Lexington. Ky..... 393,619 .... 9.0
I Jacksonville, Fla... 236, 1.7
Kalamazoo - 326,265 3.3
i Akron «5,300 32.5
I Chattanooga 314,705 ..... 16.4
Rockford. 11l 328.271 .32.7
Canton. O 275.000 .... 16.4
Springfield, O ■ 351.401 104.1
Fargo, N. D 277.632 .... 2.S
, Sioux Falls, S. D.. 135.559 23.8 ....
Hastings, Neb .... 110.827 ..... L.2
Fremont, Neb 98.548 .... 10.0
Davenport 774,542 22.
1 Toledo 1.646.521
•Houston 5,270,141 .... 6.4
•Galveston 5,276,850 4.5
Y'oungstown 328,355 24.2 ....
i Evansville 830,369 3.1
Helena 427.027 24.8 .....
! Macon 643,000 5.S ....
I Little Rock 440,600
Springfield 330,490
Totals. U. S (2,124,932,423 95.4
Totals outside of
New York.. .... 656,434,146 35.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ( 14,842.050 , 71.3
Toronto 9.821,563 60.3
Winnipeg 1,065.717 31.5
Halifax 1,206.519 8.8
Hamilton 737.865 21.0
St. John. N. B 595.760 31.0 ....
Vancouver 947.008
Victoria 953,596 ••••
Totals ( 28,957,974 58.4
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
BRADSTREET' FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, April 14.— Bradstreefs finan
cial review to-morrow will say: This week has
witnessed another remarkable exhibition of the
force and strength of the present bullish specu
lative temper. The heavy declines and liqui
dation of Industrial securities, accompanying
the rise in call loan rates and the Increased
disposition of tenders to reject "trust" stocks
or high-priced . specialties as collateral, was
apparently checked last Saturday by the ap
pearance of only a moderately unfavorable
bank statement and by the evident disposition
of large interests in the market to support the
railroad share list. On Monday the day for
call loans eased off to a notable extent, the
rates of money for call showing an increase,
and though the bulk of the loans were made at
6 per cent, money was freely offered before the
close at 4 per cent or less. It would seem that
the interests which had- charge of the money
gathered for the Chicago and Alton syn
dicate, the Manhattan stock subscriptions
and other large stocks took steps to release
their funds. A number of strong loans were
also made and the money market as a whole
failed to present the alarming symptoms which
have furnished grounds for the break which
came later in the week. Although the dis
crimination against industrials continued, it
was thought that it was not so severe or gen
eral. ■ The street at large was Inclined to the
belief that the liquidation In industrials was a
putty process and has checked disposition of
the public to trade In such securities on In
sufficient margins and of a certain proportion
of brokerage firms to carry unduly large i
amounts of those stocks for speculative ac
counts. Yet, In spite of the prevalent idea that
the market when It regained its tone and ac
tivity would turn to the railroad share list
rather than to the industrials and specialties,
the latter portion of the market has shown a
remarkable resumption of its strength and ac
tivity and developed renewed public buying,
which it is however hoped will be conducted
upon a more conservative basis. The railroad
stock list was naturally the first to recover
from the depression. Evidences of effective
support from large Interests In New York Cen
tral, Big Four and other Vanderbilt securities
werq the most prominent features of the market
on Monday. The Pacific stocks also advanced
and there were bullish demonstrations in Mis
souri Pacific and other lower priced railroad
shares later on. Neither the Samoan trouble
nor the bad Government crop report had much
effect, though the latter incident accompanied
as it was by a sharp advance In the grain mar
ket and additional tales of damage to winter
wheat held the Granger and Southwestern
stocks back. - Renewed advances in the stocks
of the Flower group, such as Brooklyn Rapid
Transit. People s Gas and Federal Steel, fol
lowed by displays of strength in Ameri
can , Tobacco, ' Continental Tobacco ■ and
American Sugar. causing a renewal of
the active buying in the industrials
at large, many of that class of stocks, both
those en the Stock Exchange list and the old ;
ones which are still traded In on the outside
market. recovering a large part, of their pre
vious declines. Manipulation was "very, appar-.
•Nt, but at the- same time the public buying I
showed an unexpected revival, and London
while doing little here, was in the main a pur
chaser of our stocks, though the speculative
sentiment on the other side is held in check by
expectations of high money as the season ad
. vances. '''-r '■';'„-' '
BRADSTREETS ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK. April 14.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Real spring weather 'has Im
proved the ' tone of trade, particularly retail,
and correspondingly helped Jobbing distribution,
but at the same time brought last winter's In- i
Jury to the winter crop more ln evidence. The j
regular monthly Government crop report proved ;
rather more favorable than expected. fore- j
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
shadowing, on the basis of last fall's largely
Increased acreage, a yield little below that of
last season. The unanimity ■■ of later damage
reports would seem to point to full information
regarding the crop not being obtainable at the
date when the Government advices were gath
ered. The indifference with which the Gov
ernment crop report was received has appar
ently been shaded into the belief that damage
has been done, - and wheat prices for the first
time this season may be said this week to have
actually reflected crop damage reports.
Other cereals are but little changed, while
the movement of our breadstuffs ' abroad at
present seems to be on a lessening scale. Among
the favorable features coming to light this
week might be mentioned the receipt of con
tinued good railroad earnings reports, advices
of widespread industrial activity, accompanied
by rather less than usual friction, as reflected
in strikes for higher wages', and a largely im
proved distribution of wool, which appears to
have awakened at last from its long sleep. Sales
of this staple. Indeed, are the heaviest reported
for many years past, both inside and out
side combinations having bought freely of
territory and other domestic grades. Large
quantities of wool, however, have been bought
for re-export, English- buyers bidding freely
for high-grade Australian sorts. The strength
of raw sugar has • finally been reflected in
higher rates for refined, hard grades of which
are firm at the advance, while soft grades have
been shaded. Indications are that the Cuban
crop will be smaller than last year, and the
weather in Louisiana Is reported still unfavor
able to plant -growth. Advices from the manu
facturing Jvwelry trade are in a high degree
favorable, some estimates pointing to 25 per
cent more business being done this spring than
a year ago, while the retail trade is of good
tone and collections improved. The iron and
steel Industry remains firm, though the tone
Of the market in general is quieter. Pigiron
production Is Increasing, but consumptive re
quirements are still urgent. The lumber mar
ket Is active at wholesale; stocks are small and
prices manifest aggressive strength. There Is
a fair demand for coal, but milder weather
tends to discourage large sales.
Current demand for dry goods at the East is
quieter, though fall orders are reported notably
good and dress woolens are In satisfactory de
mand. Boots and shoes are firm at the ad
vance made over the season's opening quota
tions.
The strength of prices in March renders com
parisons with earlier periods interesting.
Compared with a year ago the general level
of values is 8 per cent higher, while there is an
advance shown >)f nearly 40 per cent from the
low-water level of October, 1896.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 1.956.619 bushels, against 3.354,
--100 last week, 4,425.302 in th corresponding
week of 1898, 1,344,012 in 1597, 2,017.579 in 1896
and 3.165,26. In 1895. Since July 1, this season,
the exports of wheat aggregate 190,329,190 bush
els, against 18$,-72,550 last year.
Business failures for the week number '24B,
as against 190 last week, 215 in this week a year
ago, 195 in 1897, 244 in 1896 and 219 in 1895. Busi
ness failures In the Dominion of Canada num
ber 25, against 21 last week, 27 in this week
a year ago, 39 in 1897, 34 in 1896 and 23 in 1895.
. DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, April 14.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
There Is still an Increase in all legitimate
business and the productive power of great
industries increases even though some of their
stocks decline. The sharp reaction in specu
lation a week ago ln no way affected the
producing capacity of furnaces or mills and
has been in part recovered, while the disturb
ance of business caused by the formation of
great combinations has ln large measure
ceased. The money market is in safer and
more wholesome condition,' and in spite of four
heavy payments by large syndicates, amount
ing to about $50,000,000, has grown easier. The
only stringency has been in call loans.
It is not owing to speculation alone that
payments through the chief clearing houses
have been 80 per cent larger, than In the same
week of 1892 and 103.3 per caht larger than last
year. New York transactions far exceed those |
of any previous week, $1,468, 709 in amount, |
but outside of New York the clearings were
41.5 per cent larger than 1898. The truth is .
that no such expansion in the general busi- I
ness of the country has ever been seen before
and if such records only were considered there
would be ground for fears that a wild pas
sion of trading had again lifted the whole
business community off its feet. But instead
there Is found surprising increase in the. chief
industries. Naming first some of which only
returns of raw materials Imported give defi
nite indications, raw silk imports Increased
87 per cent for eight months of the fiscal year
over last; hides, 40 per cent; lndiarubber, 26
per cent; tin, 21 per cent, and fibers, 19 per j
cent.
The output of plgiron April 1 was 245.. 46 !
tons weekly, against 228,198 tons March 1, with
li;.. lis tons decrease In stucxs unsold and 16.600 j
tons In warrant stocks, indicating a consump- ;
tion in manufacture of 1,043,000 tons in March. i
The haste of forty other furnaces to get Into
operation, with their possible output of 30,000 |
tons more weekly, has helped to keep prices of j
plgiron quite steady, although strong, but the I
demand for finished products Is far from fat
isfactory. The Maryland Steel Company has
orders for 75,000 tons steel rails for the Chi
nese Eastern. Large contracts were closed in
structural works, one for 3000 tons, Just before
the advance in prices, but Chicago orders this
week covered 6000 tons bridgework. and every;- ■
where there is much business in sight.
Bar and sheet mills are hindered by , pros
pects it consolidation, but though few orders j
for Pars are taken 'Just now at the West,
the Philadelphia market is more steady. Steely
bars rose *_ per ton at Pittsburg, and the
heavy demand for sheets makes prices very
irregular, with many orders refused.
The Connellsville coke product. 179,163 tons
for the week, surpassed all records, and prices
are steady as before quoted. Lake copper i
strong at (18 50 and scarce, and tin went up j
with London, declinging only to 23 per cent. I
In spite of some strikes because wages were j
not' raised as much as hands expected, the i
cotton industry has a very, good demand and |
most of the mills are working satisfactorily. A j
Southern combination of fine goods, makers is |
proposed, like that of Fall River mills, which
has kept prices quite steady of late.
Woolen mills have begun to buy wool more
largely, though at prices much of their own
making, but there is improving demand for
goods, .with light weight purchases continuing |
surprising for the season. Sales or wool at |
the three markets have been 16.792,000 pounds
in two weeks, against 3,385,000 pounds last
year.
Wheat advanced about half a cent, accounts
of Injury* discovered since April 1 supplement
ing the* Government report. Were the worst
of these stories true, there is yet spring wheat
seeding to make up for deficiencies, though
the season is getting rather late. Exports have
been reduced, Atlantic flour included, amount- ,
ing to 3,960,380 bushels, for two weeks, against
5,285,198 bushels last year, and Pacific to 564,562
bushels, against 2.093,943 bushels last year, with j
other exports 806,377 bushels. \
Failures for the week have been 183 ln the
United States, against 254 last year, and 22
in Canada, against 18 last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 14.— Receipts,
21,660 barrels; exports, 19,554. Quiet and lower
to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 3700 bushels; exports, 32.
--000. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 82% c; No. 2 North
ern, 81 %c. Options firm on bullish crop news
and higher cables, but soon turned weak. Hold
ers took profits, and when the afternoon crop
talk improved short selling developed, which
broke prices sharply. The close was weak,
%<_ , l%c lower, the latter on May, which suf
fered a bear raid. . May,' 78©80 c, closed 78% c;
July, 78 l-16@79%c, closed 78% c; September,
76%®78c, closed 76% c.
HOPS—
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— domestic fleece, 17@22c; Texas,
11614 c. , • . ' ,
METALS— After a long period of compara
tive dullness and narrow changes spelter made
a stride upward to-day on a sudden increase
in demand and bullish news from the West,
closing very strong. The other department
showed slight changes and ruled gener
ally active ln the, absence of • important news
from abroad or primary points. The Metal Ex
change called: •
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet, with (10 40 bid
arid (10 50 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at (18 50. %
TIN— and steady, with (24 62% bid and
(24 87% asked.
LEAD— Steady, with (4 32% bid and. $4 37%
asked. The brokers' price for lead is (4 10 and
for copper (18 62%-
SPELTER— Strong and higher, with (6 60 bid
and $6 70 asked. /
COFFEE Options closed quiet, unchanged to
a points lower. Sales, 4750 bags, including:
May, 85; July, :$5 15; August, $5 25; September,
(5 35; October, $5 35. Spot coffee— Rio, steady;
No. 7 Jobbing, 61 3-16 c; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, tending upward; fair
refining, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3370 packages. Western
creamery, 16'.20e; Elglns, 21c; factory, 13615 c.
EGGS— Receipts, £032 packages. Barely steady;
Western, 13%&14 c; Southern, 13@14c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, 9@9%c; fancy,
9%®10c. • ■ .>_^-.v>_ :-;>> .■',■/:-.•?:
PRUNES— .. -;.---.;>::;■-.;._
APRICOTS— 13@14c; Moorpark, 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 25<@2Sc.
. CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
.CHICAGO, April General strength abroad
and continued bad crop news - gave wheat a
strong start. May opened" %®%c higher at
from 75c down to 74% c, and rose to 75 %c. At
this point the market was flooded with long
wheat. For about twenty minutes, however,
there were shorts enough desirous of stopping
further loss on previous sales to absorb offer
ings, and the market held steady. The bears
took fresh courage when it became evident
that liquidation was to continue and several
short who had ■ covered early ■ commenced to
sell again. When • both longs ■ and shorts had '
wheat • for i sale .at the same time It was
Impossible ' to ' find buyers enough and that
state of affairs ■ resulted in a punctured boom.
The price of May. inside of an hour, dropped
t0,74%c. Short selling was encouraged by the
heavy shipments of wheat from Argentina this
week, which amounted to nearly- 3,000,000
bushels. Predictions of possible showers in
Illinois and rainy conditions in - Missouri and
Kansas also accelerated the decline. The mar
ket became very irregular over : a somewhat
narrow • range during - the remainder of the
forenoon succeeding the- time of the early de
cline. . The Modern Miller declared that the
whole wheat situation showed a notable im
provement and that the advices had become
distinctly better during the week. \ On that
authority, as against all the others of differ
ent kinds, the price was attacked and forced,
a few notches lower than it went in the fore
noon. From that time the market continued
heavy. May declining to 73c, and closing at
73%@73%c. July, which sold for 75% c at the
beginning, declined to 73% c with buyers at the
close.
Trade in corn was quite active, and at the
start slightly better prices were made. : Liqui- '
dation set in, however, and the market mani
fested - considerable weakness. May corn
closed %c lower. . • ■-_"._. \
Oats ruled quiet within narrow limits. Fav
orable weather widened the spread between
May and July to l%@i%c. There was a good
cash demand. May oats closed %@%c lower.
Better prices at the yards and scattered out
side buying strengthened provisions. "
May pork closed 2%c higher. May lard closed
2%c higher, and May ribs 2%<g~sc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High.. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 75 75% 73 73%
July « 75% 75% 73% 73%
Corn No. 2— .''.-..._:;'. -..' ■_....,..:.
May 35% 35% 34% 34%
July 36% 36% 35% 35%
September 36% 36% 36 36
Oats No. 2— - '
May 27 27% 26% 26%
July 25% 25% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 905 . 910 9 02% 905
July 925 ,9 30 915 920
Lard, per 100 pounds — •■»■->.:
May 5 17% 520 6 17% 520
July 5 35 5 35 5 30 5 32%
September 545 5 47% 6 42% 545
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May ...4 70 4 72% 4 67% 470
July 4 82% 485 480 485
September 4 92% 4 97% 4 92% 495
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, stronger; No. 2 spring wheat, 73@74c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 6S@72c; No. 2 red, 76@78c;
No. 2 corn. 35% c; No. 2 oats, 27%@28c; No. 2
white, 30@31c; No. 3 white, 29%«_30%c; No. 2
rye, 56%4f56%c; No. 2 • barley, 39@47c; No. 1
flaxseed, (1 21; prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess
pork, per barrel, (9@9 06; lard, per 100 pounds,
$5_7%©5 20; short rib sides, loose, $4 45 _ 4 85;
dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c; short
I clear sides, boxed, $4 90@5: whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, (1 26.
Articles— 'V- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 64,000 44,000
Corn, bushels 108.000 128,000
Oats, bushels 140,000 159,000
Rye, bushels 7,000 I.Oik)
Barley, bushels 35.000 ; V ; - 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy; creamery, 14@19%c;
dairy, 11%@17%c. Eggs, steady; fresh," 12% c.
Cheese, steady; creams, 11@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 111,750 24,300
Duluth 23,769
Milwaukee 25,200 700
Chicago
Toledo 13.600 14,000
St. Louis 11,000  23.000
Detroit 3,584 2,100 j
Kansas City 14,500 8.500
Totals .......
Tidewater —
Boston 1.000
New York 3,700 32.000
1 Philadelphia 8.485 3.598
i Baltimore 27,504 8,000
New Orleans
Galveston 4,200
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 7% 6 7%
Closing 5 7% 5 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
I Flour— April. May-Aug.
'Opening 42 85 43 60
Closing « 05 43 70
Wheat-
Opening 20 95 2100
Closing 2110 2115
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 14.— The cattle market ruled
firm to-day. with prices a point higher. Fancy
grades, (5-65@5 75; choice steers, ■• (5 8066 60;
1 mediums, (4 7564 95; beef steers, 18 9064 70;
! stockers and feeders, $3 8065 05; bulls. $2 60®
4 10; cows and heifers, $3 lull! 25; Western fed
steers, (4 3066 50; Texas steers, (3 80@5; calves,
(3 >....
With an active local and shipping demand
for hogs, prices ruled strong and 54?7%c higher.
> Fair to choice, -$3 8064 95; heavy packers, <:; 55
63 77%; mixed. J. 6563 *5: butchers', (3 65@3 90;
lights, (3 6063 86; pigs, (3 3663 70.
Trade in sheep was less active than recent
. ly and shorn lambs were a little lower on an
j average. Colorado wooled lambs, (5 7065 90:
Western lambs, (5 5065 75; shorn lambs, (7610
. per 100 pounds. Sheep, (34-4 75 for shorn;
j wooled, $3 4066 10; chiefly $4 80@4 85; not much
being done below (4 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 1000; hogs, 15,000; sheep,
I 6000. •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 14.— Consols, 101 7-16: silver,
* 27 7-I'id; French rentes, 101 f 87% c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, seller at advance 6diixls;
cargoes Walla Walla, 26s 9d; English country
markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, April Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, firm; flour in Paris, steady; French
I country markets, firm; weather ln England,
I rain.
i COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red Northern Duluth,
j firm, 6s 3d; No. 1 California, no stock. Fu
tures quiet; May and July, 6s 7%d.
CORN— Spot, American mixed new, firm, 3s
! 5"-_ d; do old, firm, 3s 6%d- Futures, April,
! quiet, 3s 5' 4 d; July, quiet, 3s 5%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., April Clearings, (242,
--802;" balances, (50,514.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., April 14.— WHEAT—
Walla, 58669 c; valley, 60c; blue stem, 60@61c.
The foreign Wheat shipments from Portland
for the week ending to-day were 213,067 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April 14.— WHEAT— Under
I an Improved condition of the Eastern markets
local prices on Wheat showed an advance of
%c over yesterday, club being quoted at 58% c
and blue stem at 61% c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ■ $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 83
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — • 69%
Mexican Dollars -.. — 48@48%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Chicago market was rather
excited.- Predictions of rain set both longs
and shorts to selling and prices declined, but
foreigners bought freely, absorbing all the
offerings, and the market steadied again. This
market was irregular ln consequence, and fu
tures fell back somewhat. Spot prices remained
unchanged.
Spot Shipping, $1 05@1 07%; milling,
$1 10I&.1 12%.
.C:-. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctls. $1 13. May— 2ooo. $1 07%.
Second December— 6ooo ctls, $1 13;
4000. $112%; 4000. $112%; 2000. $112%; 4000,
$1 12%. May— lo,ooo, $1 07.
Regular Morning Session— December— so,ooo
ctls, $112%; 30,000, $1 12%. May— 26,ooo, 06%;
2000, $1 06%; 8000, $1 06%. . .^ >;. -
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 12%; 2000, $1 12. .-,..''•' -
BARLEY— were neglected and weak
at the opening, but subsequently steadied. Spot
quotations were unchanged. ■> . ■ '
Feed, $1 05@1 10; Brewing, $1 12%@1 15 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD . SALES.
Informal -Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '93, new—
16,000 ctls. 86% c; 2000, 86% c; 8000, S6%c; 2000,
86% C. ..-:•-••-•= :'■;,; .-, •*-;.-:■-
Afternoon Session— No sales.
Quotations are steady, but the de
mand Is very slow.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%<J?1 45 . per ctl; good to
choice. $1 37%@1 40; common, $1 32%©1 35; Sur
prise. $1 45@1 50; Gray. $1 32%@1 37%: . Milling.
$1 40@1 42% per ctl; Red, $1 46@1 50; Black, $1 30'
di 1 40.
CORN— Dealers quote a dull and unchanged
market.
Small round Yellow. $1 25: Eastern large Yel
low, $1 12%; White, $1 12%(gl 17%; mixed. $106%
@1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal. .
BYE— sl 05<&1 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
. FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $4; bakers'
extras, $3 Ss@3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3@3 65 per bbl.
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual • discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per .100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 60®4 75 •
Oat Groats, $4 75; , Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, - $4@4'25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75-
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65@6 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75-
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,- $4 50; Green Peas'
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were large again and the
market was depressed. There was no decline,
but sales were . hard ,to make and the feeling
was one of demoralization. Buyers are pur
chasing from hand .to : mouth, and ' refuse to
lay ln more than a few days' supply.
Feedstuffs show no change.
BRAN— SIS-16 60 per ton •
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 600/21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, (23 60<g>24 per
■ \ ■ -■-- - ":- v-v ■--■:,
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31631 50; job
bing. $32632 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24625; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28630 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 60
624 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed* Feed,
$16 50617 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, (14@lo for good
to choice and (12® 13 for lower grades; Wheat
and Oat, (11614; Oat. $10613; Barley. $9612;
Alfalfa. $64.7 50.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $769; Cheat.
$668; Grass Hay, $665; Oat, ?7@B; Clover, (668;
Timothy. $667 per ton.
STRAW— 266SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The continued dry weather down south con
tinues to harden Llmas, as will be seen by the
advanced quotations. The other descriptions
are unchanged. ,' -'- r - • '■' -*./;
BEANS— Bayos, (1 75@1 85; Small Whites,
$2 104,2 20; Large Whites, (1 8061 90; Pinks,
$2 0562 15: Reds. $3 2563 35; Blackeye. $3 75®
3 85; Butters, (2 2562 50; Llmas, $3 65@3 75;
Pea, $2 25@2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 60 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, (2 1562 25; Canary Seed,
2»4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape, 2>;6>
2% c: Hemp, 2%63c; Timothy. 5®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 65@1 70; Green, (2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1160 boxes Asparagus, 604 boxes
Rhubarb, 169 sacks Peas and 128 sacks new
Potatoes.
Potatoes and Onions continue firm under light
receipts, but the demand is slow. New Pota
toes are in larger supply and weak.
Supplies of Vegetables are more liberal and
prices for the minor kinds are weak. Garlic
Is scarce and higher. <.
POTATOES— SI 40®1 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 3561 50 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1 4061 60 per ctl; Oregon,
$1 1561 40 for seed and $1 5061 75 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, (3 for Merced; New Potatoes,
2®3c per lb.
ONIONS— 4O@SSc per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— 50@75c per box
for No. 2, (161 50 for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy ;
Rhubarb. 40675 c per box for the general run
and (1 for fancy; Green Peas, 2%65c; String
Beans. S6loc for green and 7c for Golden
Wax: Cabbage, $1256150; Tomatoes, $17562;
Egg Plant, 104. 12'._c per lb; Garlic, 12% c per lb;
Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c:
Green Peppers, 25c; Carrots, 25635 c per sack;
Mushrooms. 5®12%c per lb; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 50c65l 50 per dozen; Sacramento Cucum
bers, 50660 c: Summer Squash from Los An
geles, per lb,
POULTRY AND GAME.
The feeling in Poultry is easier, as receipts
of local stock have been larger during the past'
day or two. Game continues dull.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 15® 17c; live
Turkeys, 13614 c for Gobblers and 14615 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 5061 75; Goslings.
$2 25®2 50; Ducks, $667 for old and $768 50
I for young; Hens, $567; young Roosters, $7 50
j 69: old Roosters, $566; Fryers, $66"; Broilers,
(566 for large, $364 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50
per dozen for old and (262 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $2 50; White Geese, 50®
75c; Hare, 75c@(l; Rabbits, (1 25 for Cottontails
and $1 for small; English Snipe, (3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The first car of Eastern Eggs came In yester
day and prices for store Eggs declined in con
sequence. Ranch were also weak, though in
view of the advance East the decline is thought
to be temporary.
Supplies of Butter are larger and the feeling
1s weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%®17%c; sec
onds, 16c. .-. - -■:'-
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@ll%c; • old,
10®l0%c; Cream Cheddar, 12®12%c; Young
America, 11%®12%c; Eastern, 11%®14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16%617c for store and 17®
18% c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16® 17c per
dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 31 boxes Cherries and 43%
chests Strawberries. .';
The small receipts of Cherries and Straw
berries found a ready market at full quota
tions.
Limes are quoted . higher. Oranges and
Lemons are unchanged. Apples have again
advanced. . ,
DECIDUOUS ■ FRUITS—
Apples. $1 2561 50 for common, $262 50 per
box for No. 1 and $363 60 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries. $10616 per chest for small and
$s®lo for large berries.
(Sfir'S for large berries.
Cherries, (l 254fl 50 for white and (1 75@2 25
per box for black. ;*••"•-<.
CITRUS FRUITS— NayeI Oranges, $2 2563 50
per box; Seedlings, 75/631 76; Mediterranean
Sweets, (1 6062; Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common
and $262 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $54i 5 50: California Limes, 50675 c per
small box; Grape Fruit. $263; Bananas. $1 60®
2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $264 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50' s, 64)
6%c for 50-60' s, 4@4%c for 60-70' s, 3%@3%c for
70-80's, 2%@3%c for 80-90's, 2%62%c for 90-100's ,
and 2@2%c for 100-110' s; Peaches, 8%©9% c for !
good to choice, 10®10%c for fancy and j for '
peeled: Apricots, 12%®15c for Royals and '
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9%c; sun j
dried, 6c; Black Figs, sacks, 3%c: Plums, nomi
nal. 2c for unpitted and 4%f«6c for pitted; ]
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three- ;
crOwn, 5%c for four-crown, 4%66c for Seedless '
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20 :
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts, s® Bc ]
for hardshell: 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, 1
84j9c for hardshell. 12®13c for softshell. 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern and
4%65c for California: Cocoanuts, $4 50@6.
HONEY'— 1041'llc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%
@>7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 565% c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S®27c per lb.
PROVISIONS. "- -
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
8%69c for light medium, 10%@llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%613c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@lic; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, (13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, (14; Family Beef. (15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, (12; extra clear, (18; mess, (16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%65%c per lb for
compound and 7%®7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%66%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 ln
a case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about HO lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, S@B%c; Cow
bides, 8%69c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c';
Sheepskins, shearlings, 106 30c each; short
Wool, 35660 c each: medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
90c®(l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c for
small.
TALLOW, No. 1 rendered, 4%@5c per lb; No.
2 ■4@4%c; refined, ; Grease, .
'WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7®9c; year's staple, 6%@
8c; Foothill and Northern free, 10@12c; Foot
hill and Northern defective. B©lo c; Nevada,
B@llc.
Fall Wools —
Northern Mountain «%@Bo
Southern ....6®7%e
Plains 4@6c
HOI'S— IB9B crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary.
12®12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to 'fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26©28 c; San Quentln
• Bags, $4 95. . - : :;_; v...-'AY.' ,- -V ; ;.B'C-t
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, (8; j Southfield Wellington, (7 50; Seattle,
(6; Bryant, (6; Coos Bay, (5; Wallsend, (7 50;
Scotch, (8; Cumberland, (8 In bulk and $9 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, (14;
Cannel, (8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, (7 60; Coke, (12 per ton in bulk and (14
ln sacks. ■*'*.•-<•'.'■
RICE— mixed. $4 0564 10; China No. 1,
(4 50@4 90; extra do. (56- > 35; Hawaiian, $666 25;
Japan, (4 5064 90; Louisiana, (5@6 50.
PIG TIN— Is higher at 27c per lb. .
SUGAR— The - Western | Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: . Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Con
fectioners' A, 5%c; California A, 4%c; Mag
nolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, 4%c;
half barrels. %c more than barrels,. and boxes
%c more; bags, - 1-16 . less. " No order taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
CODFISH— Is scarce all over the country.
The local market Is controlled by few hands
and Is very firm at the following advanced
quotations: Bundles, 5%c; cases, selected, 5%c;
cases, Imitation Eastern, 6%c; boneless,' 6%c
strips', 765% c; blocks, 6%@7%c; tablets, . B%c
-middles, 7%@9%c per lb. ' '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and j Mutton ! are easy. Lamb Is un
changed. ' Pork stands about ; the same. . . , tt . - -
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%®Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7c per lb
■ LAMB— 10@llc per lb. ■•..."
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small. 5%6_%c for
medium and 4%®4%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4@4%c; dressed Hogs, 6%@7%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. >-
-."**;. ' x " For Friday, April 14.
Flour, qr sks.... 9.212 Sugar, sks 2 000
Wheat, ctls 63,773 Alfalfa, sks ' 37
Barley, 'ctls ..... 1,235 Leather, rolls ... 120
Corn, ctls 35 Wine, gals ...... 41,300
' - '-■•;.-. ' •'
Cheese, ctls 157 -Eggs, doz 20,280
Butter, ctls 248 Wool, bales Sls
Beans, sks 765 1 Hay, tons 362
Potatoes, 5k5..... ' 626 Straw, tons 63
Onions, sks 22 Lime, bbls 317
Bran, sks 800 Pelts, bdls 2,339
Middlings, sks... 660! Hides, No 2.3
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 15 Wool, bales. ..... 2
Hay, tons 16 Alfalfa seed sks. 37
. — • * -. ■•'-
Family Retail Market.
Eggs have been selling rather higher during
the week, but the tendency Is now downward.
Butter stands about the same. -i,-
Poultry continues scarce and dear.. Game will
soon disappear. Meats show no change. ''J,'
Cherries are added to the list. There are not
many coming in, as most of them are going
East. A good share __£. the fruit will go East
this year, as the crop there has been almost
destroyed by winter weather, but there will
still be plenty for local consumption, without
doubt. Vegetables are in better supply, and
prices are rather cheaper for some kinds.
Following is The Call's regular weekly "price
list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel ( 612 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60®
Wellington .. — '-010 00 Southfleld . '.«,'."'■-'
New Welling- ' Wellington @ 950
ton ®10 00 Coos 8ay.... 6 7 00
Seattle 8 006) 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, ger Cheese. Swiss 20625
square 400— Common Eggs..l"'<_''a2o
Do, per roll 356— Ranch Eggs, per -
Do, good 306'— dozen — 20@25
Pickled 35®— Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per lb 176201 lb 12615
Cheese, Cal — 6)15 l Do, extracted... — 4? 10
Cheese, Eastern... ls@l7 l
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12@17 Pork, fresh 126 15
Beef, choice 18620 Pork, salt —012
Do, good 10615 I Pork, chops 126 —
Corned Beef 106— I Round Steak 120—
Ham, Cal 12-_@ls Sirloin Steak 15®—
Do, Eastern 615 | Porterhouse, d 0....
Lard 12615 Smoked Beef 12615
Mutton 10015 Pork Sausages.. 122 0
Lamb —015 Veal .12015
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 60®85 Ducks, each...7sc®sl 00
Young Roost- Geese, each...(l 50® 2 00
ers, each 85c@(l 00 Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50
Did Roosters, Rabbits, pair.. — 40
each 60@65 Hare, each — @ 20
Fryers, each 675 Wild Geese, pr
Broilers, each 50665' pair 75® —
Turkeys, per 1b:..18@20|
Fruits and Nuts- ,'* : - ;.-,-
Almonds, lb 15620 1 Oranges, doz 15635
Apples, lb 8010 Raisins, lb 5010
Bananas, doz 20625 (Strawberries, per
Cherries, per 1b.. .254.351 basket 10025
Lemons, doz 20® — I Walnuts, tb 12015
Limes, doz 10@15i
Vegetables-
Artichokes, d0_... 40 Lettuce, doz 15@—
Asparagus .... 5® 12 Mushrooms, tb — 10020
Beets, doz 12615 Onions, lb 4® 5
Beans, white, lb.. 46 5 Potatoes, lb 2® 3
Colored, 1b.....'.. 46 5 Do, Sweet _'-?—
Lima, lb 5© — Parsnips, d0z...... 15® —
Cabbage, each....— 610 (Rhubarb, pr lb 4«z. 6
Cauliflowers, each 5610 Radishes, dz bchslo_l2
Celery, bunch 5® — '3age, doz bnch5... 256*5
Cucumbers, per Istrlng Beans, 1b..10®15
dozen 7502 00 Thyme, lb 20*7 30
"less, doz bnch5.. 20625 Turnips, doz 10015
Green Peas, lb — 66 B i Tomatoes, lb l_(g'-0
Lentils, _tb 6® SI
Fish, per lb-
Barracuda Shrimps 10@—
Carp 86»— i Shad B®lo
Codfish 12015 1 Striped Bass. 12015
Flounders 8610 Smelts 15®—
Halibut ..i 156— Soles 15®—
vlngflsh — 0— Skates, each 10012
Mackerel — ®— Tomcod 12615
Do Horse — 6— | Clams, gal 50®—
Perch 10612 Do, hardshell. 100.40650
Pompano 1 Oo@— Crabs, each 10615
Rockfish 15®— j Do, softshell. doz. 256 35
3almon, smoked. .2o® — Mussels, qt 10012
Salmon, fresh 12® 15 l Oysters, Cal, 100. .40650
sturgeon —6— Do, Eastern, d0z.. 40
. ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business In local secu
rities on the morning session and prices show
ed some change. Hawaiian Commercial con
tinued to advance, touching $97. Contra Costa
Water declined to $66. Other stocks stood about
the same.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial
rose to $99 75. The other stocks were not ma
terially changed.
Mining stocks were weak again, with the
usual dull trading. The telegram from the
pump said: "Elevator working steadily.
Water in the 1750-foot level winze Is now 21 feet
! inches below the station." '■:■ A
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Melones Consolidated Mining Company has
jeen called for June 16 to vote on a proposition
to diminish the capital stock from $5,500,000,
llvlded into 55,000 shares of the par value of
1100 each, to $55,000, divided Into 55,000 shares of
.he par value of $1 each.
The Crown Point Mining Company has levied
in assessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
n office May 18.
The Great Western Quicksilver Mining Com
lany of Lake County has levied an assessment
if 10 cents per share, delinquent May 19.
The Geary Street Cable Company and the
Market Street Railway Company held their an
lual meetings Thursday and re-elected the old
Kjards.
The report from the Standard Consolidated
nine for the week ending April 8 states that
•alse 4 In the Mbyte vein on the 150 level has
'ourteen Inches fair ore in the top. Raise 6,
same vein and level, has eighteen inches low
trade ore. Raise 2 in the new vein, 318 level,
las thirty-six Inches low grade ore in the top.
["he west crosscut In No. 10 vein, same level,
tas passed through a 15-inch vein of no value.
Phe east crosscut in the -Black vein, same level,
las cut a 22-inch vein of good grade. The
itopes in the Moyle, New, No. 10, Magulre and
""ortuna veins, on the 150, 270, 318, 336, 470, 528
md 582-foot levels, continue to yield the usual
luantity of fair to high-grade ore, the latter
■omlng from the Fortuna vein. At the mill,
55 tons of ore were crushed for the week.
Average assay vanner tailings, $12.67. Con
:entrates produced, 1.3 tons; assay i value,
1576.97. Plate amalgam produced, 1903 Troy
mnces: value per ounce, $214. At tailings
dant No. 1 they are making preparations to
tart up. Tailings plant No. 2 Is still ln course
if construction.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April '14-2 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Contra Costa Water ........ 66 25
140 Contra Costa Water 66 00
60 Hana Plantation Co 16 87%
160 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 96 75
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 97 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 105 25
5 Market Street Railway 62 50
60 Mutual Electric Light : 15 87%
200 Paauhau S P Co 38 87%
100 Paauhau S P Co 38 75
1000 Omnibus Cable 6,per cent b0nd5.... 125 62%
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 25
70 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 12%
2000 S F & S J V bonds -. 115 00
60 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board ?./'
100 Contra Costa Water 66 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 99 00
120 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 99 50
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar - 99 75
6000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds ...105 25
5 Market Street Railway 62 75
60 Market Street Railway 63 00
2000 Market St Ry Con 5 per cent bds.ll7 00
350 Mutual Electric Light 15 87%
5000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. .llo 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 74 23
40 Oceanic S S Co 74 00
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 3 73 2;
600 San Francisco Gaslight 3 5014
30 Spring Valley Water 10187%
20 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Street— -
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
80 Equitable Gaslight .' 8 00
10 Market Street Railway " 52 37%
35 Market Street Railway ; «2 60
20 Oceanic S S Co , 73 5 0
20 Paauhau S P Co ..% '.'.'.'.'.. 38 87%
20 Hana Plantation Co ■■" 16 gj3
10 Hana Plantation Co .','.', 1575
Afternoon Session.
Board — c ■■
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 12%
10 Contra Costa Water 66 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 38 57%
2000 S V W 4 per cent bonds (3d issue). 101 50
30 Giant Powder Con 60 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales ln the San Fran
lsco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning' Session.
200 Alta 09. 250 Gould & Curry 39
250 Belcher ........ 35 150 Gould & Curry 38
300 Best & Belcher 59 500 Hale & Norcrs 29
200 Best & Belcher 58 200 Mexican 58
500 Bullion ........ 03 200 Mexican 57
50 Caledonia 34 200 Potosi 25
700 Chollar 30 1 100 Potosl 26
000 Con Cal & Va.l 75 200 Sierra Nevada.l 00
300 Crown Point... 20 1 50 Union Con .... 49
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 591 700 Mexican ....... 57
200 Best & Belcher 60 1 100 Occidental 33
100 Caledc_nia ..... 32 j 100 Occidental 33
400 Challenge 30 60 Ophir .....115
300 Chollar 31 500 Potosl 27
400 Chollar 30100 Savage 30
400 Chollar '29T1400 Union Con .... 48
200 Con Cal & Va.l 80 . 200 Union Con .... 49
000 Crown Point... 18 600 Yellow Jacket. 37
100 Justice 18' 35 Yellow Jacket. 35
200 Justice 171
Following were the sales ln the Pacific Stock
_oard yesterday: v *'-- i .;_ >^
■ . Morning Session.
400 Alta 09 300 Hale & Norcrs 30
400 Andes 15 400 Justice ......... 18
400 Andes 14 500 Mexican ... 58
600 Belcher 35 300 Ophir 112%
200 Best & Belcher 61 600 Overman 12
600 Caledonia ...... 33 400 P0t051.......... 27
500 Chollar 301 200 Sierra Nevada.l 00
800 Con Cal & V.l 77% 150 Union Con" .... 49
150 Con Cal & V...1 80 1 300 Union Con .... 51
Afternoon Session.
500 Chollar -SO 300 Mexican •• «
300 Con Cal & Va.l 80 500 Overman "
500 Crown Point... 181 200 Potosl ■■•■•••:••. _\
500 Kentuck 05 1 300 Sierra Nevada.l 0a
200 Mexican 591 ■■.;:jj:^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. April 14— p.m. '
Bid Ask. ' Bld.Ask.^
Alpha Con .... 06 "07 Julia • • — °j»
Alta 08 09 Justice " «
Andes 13 16 Kentuck ....... 04 Oa
Belcher 32 35 Lady Wash.... — «* :
Best & Belcher 59 60 Mexican 59 w»
Bullion 02 03 . Occidental ■- «- 34
Caledonia '31 33|Ophlr 110 1 i*>
Chollar 29 30, Overman 12 13
Challenge Con..- 30 31 1 Potosi 26 -I
Confidence .... — .80 Ravage 2.' -i»
Con Cal & Va.l 75 ISO Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial.. 01. 02 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Crown Point... 18 19 Sierra Nevada.l 00 10a
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill .... — 04
_ Sierra Nev.. 02 —Syndicate — 06
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard 250 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con .... 49 50
Gould & Curry. 40 41 Utah 13 _
Halo & Norcrs 28 30 Yellow Jacket. 3. 3.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch At the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality ana
free of expense. ii'-'tv.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
■^loon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal. \
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge. _
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters/ occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun sets * : 48
Sun rises .• 5 :33
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?HW LW HW LW
15 ... 2:10 6.3 9:26 0.2 4:50 4.2 9:09 S.S
16 ... 3:05 4.8 10:22 0.5 6:00 4.3 10:34 3.J
17 ... 4:11 4.4| 11:21 0.7 6:591 4.5
L W| |H W\ L W H W
18 ... 0:031 3.11 r.:3li 4.1 12:111 1.0 7:38 4.8
19 ... 1:11 2.9' 6:441 4.0! 12:39! 1.2 B:rt<.' 4.9
20 ... 2:10 2.4! 7:49 4.1 1:45 1.3 8:37! 5-1
21 ... 2:39 1.9! ?:41 4.1 2:20 1.5 9:0o| 5.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given ara additions to the soundings on tho
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wa.ters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
1 i — <
Weeott Humbnldt !Apl. 15
Wellington jDeparture Bay |Apl. 13
Newburg jGrays Harbor Apl. 15
Arcata (Coos Bay Apl. 15
B. Hernster Coquille River Apl. 13
State of Ca1.... I Portland Apl. 15
Washtenaw [Taeoma , Apl. 15
Aloha Point Arena Apl. IS
Orizaba INewport Api. 16
Progreso ISeattle Apl. 1(1
Brunswick IGrays Harbor Apl. li
Pomona [Humboldt 'Apl. 17
Queen (Victoria * Puget Soun&lApl. 17
Crescent City... [Crescent City Apl. 17
Panta Rosa San Diego Apl. IS
Coptic China and Japan Apl. IS
Columbia Portland Apl. 2i>
Coos Bay Newport Apl 10
Czarina ! Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 20
Point Arena IPoint Arena lApl. 20
North Fork Humboldt lA.pl. 2t
City of Para... 'Panama lApl. 21
Corona iSan Diepn !Apl. 23
Walla M'aila... Victoria & Puget SonndApl. 22
/; : STEAMERS TO SAIL. . ' .)
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
i 1 1
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay Apl. 15, B pmiPier IS
Weeott JHumboldt Apl. 15. 6 pm|Pier 13
Pt. Arena. .l Point Arena.. Apl. 15. 3 pmSPler 2
Corona (Ban Diego Apl. 16, 11 ami Pier v
Umatilla ..rVlc * Pirt Sd. Ar>i. i«. m am'^'er »
Arcata |Coos Bay jApl. 17, 4 pmiPler IS
Newburg .. [Grays Harborl Apl. 18, 5 pm|Pler 2
State Cal... 'Portland lApl. 18. 10 am'PW 24
Orizaba .... Newport lApl. 18, » amjPier 11
San Jose... Panama lApl. 18, 12 mIPMSS
Mariposa ..ISydney .-lApl. 19, in pmlPler 7
.Aloha 'Point Arona.jApl. IS, S pm'Pler 3
Pomona jHumboldt [Apl. 19, 2 pmjPler 9
Santa Rosa' San niepo lApl. 20. 11 am: Pier 11
City Rio J..lChina& JapanlApl. 20. 1 pnVPMSS
Queen IVlc «. P^t Sd.'Apl. 21. lOam'Pler »
Coob Bay...iXewport |Apl. 22, 9 amlPier It
rolumbla ..'■ Portland !Apl. 23. 10 am ' Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, April 14.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 63 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 64 hours from San
Pedro. *. '
Ship Dashing Wave, Lancaster, 9 days from
Tacoma. ;'.. *■-'- ->----.
Bark Mohican, Sanders, 17 days from Hono
lulu.
CLEARED.
. Friday, April 14.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Schr Mildred, Kindlon, Kahulul; Henry P
Allen.
Schr Olga, Ipsen, Hana, via Kahului; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Br stmr Tartar, Pybus, Vancouver and Hong*
kong: M M Stern.
Bark Coryphene, Erickson, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Bark Will W Case, Swanson, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
... •» Friday, April 14.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlsen. Greenwood. ./,
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka. !">
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson. -^
Br ship Halewood, Stott, Junln.
Haw bark Mauna Ala. Smith, Honolulu. '
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. Bihlers Point.
Schr Mildred, Kindlon, Kahului.
Schr Eva, Ramselins, Eureka.
Schr Lettitia. Wilson.
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup. Point Arena. '. j "
y --';-' CHARTERS.
The Collingrove loads lumber at Port Blake
ley for Shanghai; Sebastian Bach, lumber at
Chemainus for Tientsin. '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 14. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
■-.'■,".'. SPOKEN. ■ y~y
April 12, lat 33 N, long 16 "W— Stmr Advance,
from New York, for Colon. .
* DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— April 14, at 11 a m—
Ship Glory of the Seas, from Comox, for San
Francisco. _
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed April 13— Schr
Gem, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 13— Schr C T Hill, hence April
5; schr Mary E Russ, hence April 4. —
OLYMPIA— April Schr Bella, hno
April 1.
NEAH BAY— Passed April 14— Haw stmr San
Mateo, from Nanaimo, for Port Los Angeles.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port April 14— Stmr
Queen, from Puget Sound,, for San Francisco;
stmr Walla Walla, hence April 11, for Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
TACOMA— Arrived April 14— Schr John A
Campbell, from Honolulu.
Sailed -April 14— Schr Annie Larsen, for San
Pedro.  ; : >
NEWPORT— Arrived April 14— Stmr Scotia,
from RockDort.
GREENWOOD — Arrived April 14 — Stm,
Whltesboro, hence April 12.
CMPQUA— April 10— Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES— In bay April 14— Haw ship
Hawaiian Isles, , from Chemainus, for Mel
bourne.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 14-
Stmr Albion, from Albion.
• EUREKA— April 14— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 14— French bark Lea
Adelphes, for Queenstown.
Arrived April 14— Tug Wallula, hence Apr 10.
SOUTH BEND— April 14— Schr James
A Garfield, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 13— Stmr Finance,
from Colon. >  . -:"-.•■ -"**-'<
:.-..' FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 11— Stmr Olympla,
for Victoria.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 31— Stmr China,
hence March 25. -
MANlLA— Arrived April 14^-U S stmr Sheri
dan, from New York.
VICTORIA— Arrived April 10— Whaling bark
Temuco, hence March 27; Br ship 3rltlsh Gen- '
er:.' hence March 30.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 14— Stmr Au
gusta Victoria, from New York.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived April Stmr New
England, from Boston.
NEW YORK-Arrived April 14-Stmr Penin
sular, from Lisbon..NEALL SWORE
TO HIS OWN
GOOD HEALTH
Record of His Last
Examination.
ALLEGED ILLNESS DOUBTED
GRIP NOT RECOGNIZED UNDER
THE STANCES.
A Grave Point Against the Accused
That Was Robbed of Some of
Its Foree — Ac
counts.
It was another bad flay for Lion tenant
Neall at the court-martial yesterday.
tenant David J. Rumbough, adju
tant of the Third Artillery waa the prin
cipal] witness of the day. ilia testimony
tended to prove the state In which th
books of the Presidio Club were found,
and also to show that Neall might not
have been so ill as former testimony
would seem to indicate.
Rumbough was one of the committee
which investigated the accounts of the
club; Captain Danes and Lieutenant
Harris were the other members of the
committee. He said no accounts had
been kept from Apr:;. 1898, until the
time the committee investigated the
books, in February, 1899, when the secre
tary's desk was found in the greatest dis
order and among the papers were nu
merous unpaid bills and dunning letters.
One bill had been turned over to a col
lecting firm, and the standing of the club
was being injured by the state of affairs.
One of tho creditors had written to
Lieutenant Neal about the club account
and also about his own private account.
Failing .to receive any -faction he
wrote to the department commander, at
that time. General Miller, who referred
the matter to Neall through his com
manding fflcer, Lieutenant Colonel "Wag
ner, who ordered Neall to right the mat
ter and report how and when he had done
fo. The club bill was over $11.0, and
Neall's private bill was over $•_.. Both
had been running from July of IS9S and
nothing had been paid on either account
since that time. Eventually Neall re
duced the amount of the club bill to $300,
at which amount it stood in February
last.
Continuing Rumbough testified that he
had been recorder of the examining board
by which Neall had been examined for
promotion to _ captaincy. The examina
tion was in January. The lirst proceed
ing fore the examining board inquires
Into the mental capability of the candi
date for promotion. The,n there Is a phy
sical examination, and in tnat the candi
date is required to certify to the fact
that he is physically capable of perform
ing the duties of the office to which ne
aspires. Wall had certified to this fact, .
and this was during the time, according to
Major Edie's testimony, that he was not j
eatable of performing the duties then
allotted to him.
The force of this statement was les- !
sened, however, later on by Captain Pratt,
one of the members of the court. "Grant
ing hat a man had an attack of the grip
at the time of his examination," he asked,
"was he not justified in certifying that he
was not physically aualified?"
"My opinion Is that it would not dis
qualify him," was the answer.
"Then an officer so. affected could sign
such a certificate insisted Pratt.
"He could," admitted tha witness, and
the accused had weathered another rock,
but not without damage.
The witness also testified that he had
known the accused intimately for some ,
time, and up to the time he disappeared
he had never noticed anything the matter
with his health except a slight cold. Un
der cross-examination the witness refused
to admit that Neall's health was not of
the best.
Lieutenant Kirby Walker, at present
commanding Neall's old. troop, was the
only other witness of the day. He was
called to testify as to the state of the
hooks of the troop when he took held of
the organization, and his testimony was
mostly given in dollars and cents. He was
busy with figures all the time and was
Ftiil testifying when the court stopped
him by adjournment. He. found a total
debt of the troop of $:,?,! 72, of which ho
was able to pay something over $218.
In the Divorce Court.
Rhoda McCullough has been granted a
divorce, from Thomas H. McCullough on
the ground of desertion. David J. Thomas
has been committed to jail by Judge Hunt
for contempt of court for having refused
to obey an order directing him to pay his
wife, Blanche Thomas. $25 a month ali
mony, pending the determination of di
vorce proceedings instituted by Mrs.
Thomas. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Rowena L. Lucas against Frederick
A. Lucas, for cruelty; David Polkinhorn
against Eliza Polkinhorn, for desertion;
Anna S. Dalzell against William Dalzeil.
for desertion, and Joseph C. O'Neill
against Lizzie O'Neill for cruelty.
In the Wasp.
_.. — — ■ ... , ,
The Wasp this week has an amusing satire
on the ambition of certain local literary critics
to discover a new poet every week. "The Man
With a Meat Ax" is the title of the article.
Home information which Is likely to interest
speculator* in Hawaiian stocks is giver, in the
"Wasp's financial department this week. There
is much breezy comment on the theaters and
politicians. Among the fin- engravings In the
wasp this week li a remarkably good portra t
of Charles Roilo Peters, the young California
artist who has gone East to exhit.it hts works.
Also a likeness of Mr. James Hamilton, the
well-known club man, from a picture by the
late Joseph Strong.
A Small Boy Burglar.
Robert McKay, a youngster aged 13
years, was before Judge l & wlor yester
day morning for trial on a charge of
burglary. The evidence shows that the
youngster, who resides at 44 Laurel place,
entered the barn of Frank Johnson and
was preparing to carry away a few small
articles, when the officer arrested him.
After a jury had been secured the case
went over till this morning to give the
attorneys a chance io prepare their cases.
H. C. Lathrop's Will.
The will of Henry (Jlay Lathrop. who
died April 3, has been filed for probate.
The testator bequeaths his Jewelry to his
sister, Mrs. Jane J.. Stanford. The re
sidue of the estate, which Is valued, it is
said, at about SI OO .OOO. is bequeathed In
equal shares to Mrs. Stanford, Ariel and
Charles <J. Lathrop. brother, of the de
ceased.
Major Moore's New Job.
Actinp: Spfclal Treasury Aprent Chan
ping has received a letter from Major
Horace A. Moore, -pedal agent,
dated at Cincinnati, Ohio, in which the
writer announces that he has secured em
ployment as bookkeeper and paymaster
In an Eastern firm employing 300 men.
POSTUM CEREAL.
POSTUM FOOD COFFEE.
Ordinary coffee agrees perfectly with
some people and with others it does
not. It is the hidden and unsuspected
cause of numberless stubborn ails. To
leave it off for ten days means a relief
in such cases: Take on Postum Cereal
Food Coffee and enjoy your hot morn-
ing cup. The food elements serve to
quickly and surely rebuild the broken
down nerve centers. 15 and 25 cents
at grocers. j
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, April 14, 1899.— Seventy-second
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding -udge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
o*7 A FIRST RACE— Six furlongß; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
055 Heigh Ho, 4 101 4
(936) Prompto, 4 106 6
838 ratio, 5 11l S
930 Amass, 4 ]"■ 3
965 Socialist, 4 103 1
&3 Jinks. 3 96 9
965 Guilder, 4 11l 5
965 Frohman, 4 103 11
961 Novia, 4 1011 2
988 Saintly, 3 92 10
iiofi WatQEsa. 3 921 "'
3 1
2 2
5 2
11%
4 h
61
li*
11
6 4
9 2
10 6
3 h
2 4
7 1
1 2
4 h
5 1
6 4
8 2
9 4
10 3
11
14 |J. Relff
2 1 |E. Jones
3 1 Plggott
4 4 !I. Powell
E S '.If nkins
6 1 !McNlchols ....
7 'J Thorpe
5 1 J. Daly
9 3 Holmes
10 10 IHal 8r0wn....
11 Johnson
6 7
3 4
3 6
6 . 13-2
8 20
3 IS-5
6 6
25 50
30 60
25 40
100 100
Time **■ I:H*4- Winner. Duke & Wlshard's h. m. by Himyar-Janet.
Straggling start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Things were ■ iu\p: about H-Mgli Ho in the ring, but Reiff made no mistake. He Is a very
Bhrewd dealer. Prompto ran well. Jinks was given no consideration by startor.
Scratched Karnsln 106. Faversham 95, Polka 92 Highland Ball 112," Alarla 90, Annowan
98, Blr Drlan 95.
QV PZ SECOND HACK- One and an eighth miles; Belling; four-year-olds and
i "~ 1
upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Mm. %m. %m. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys. |
(957> Einstein. 4 103 9 61 64 51 31 ... 14 IBassinger ....
Hi New Moon. 6 107 i 4 31 4 1 34 4h ... 2hJ. Power
942 coda. 6 105 1 14 2h 41 51 ... 31 Jenkins
942 M. -Parian?, a 110 11 10 1 9 1 7V- 6^ ... 4 1 Glover
850 Cavallo, 5 107 1 21 14 14 14 ... 54 IHahn
973 Rarido. a 107 2 .".4 «4 84 »3 ... 6 1 Ames
0r.3 Billy McCloskey, 6.110 12 124 114 10 M 7hi ... 7 2 Stewart
:>4* Peter 11. a 110 1 5 9 4 8 h 112 8 2 ... 8 2 F. Jones
924 Merry Boy. 5 109 I 13 2 101 9 1 10 h ... 9 >-> J. Russell
Wl Ringmaster 5 .....111 S 41 32 2hi 24 ... 10 1 Thorpe
957 Rospmald, i 10113 7 1 74 6hi li 4 ... 113 Kiley
542 lam Andrew, 5.. .110 14 11 i, 13 1 14 14 ... 12 Coburn
539 Huntsman, a 11110 8 4 12 2 13 6 13 ... 13 Raymond ....
:•■: Darechota, 4 10l| 7 14 14 124 12 ... 14 'Holmes
i Betting.
|Op. Cl.
Std. 14m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
4 6
20 50
8 12
30 60
6 15
6 6
5 7
2 7-2
20 60
5 13-5
20 30
50 150
100 200
50 200
Tim-- & :18; %, :374; *fc. 1:034; %, 1:29\; mile, 1:42\; 14m. 1:58. Winner. Earnsbaw
Bros ■ b. 5. by Riley-Maggle B. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Basalnger, "n winner, saved sevoi-ai lengths at stretch turn. M'-Farlanc marie a fine
run. Too much use made of Cavallo. Rapldo poorly ridden. Price pretty short. Ringmaster
■ Hand.
Srratrhed-Stan Powera 103, Mnrana 101, Una Colorado 107. Eureka 110.
Q7A THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400.
I- • .
Index. Horse. Weight. St. «m. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. Joe
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
940 Gusto 107|
921 Catulus 107 i
453 The Buffoon 104
927 Hamhoulia ns{
I'C3 Flush of Gold 115
970 Tom Sharkey 110
MO Big Horn 113
... Ros» Queen HB|
'.'64 T?unloc llni
... Loyta 115
... Malette 115.
740 Lorelio 104
959 'hampion Rose ....115'
940 Nettie dark 115 1
1 7
3
s
5
4
9
6
2
I 8
1
13
14
v
11
5 4
6 4
2 3
1 2
7 M
s 1
8 4
4 1
12
9 2
10 h
13
11 1
14
1 n
2 h
3 2
4 2
5 1
fi l
t 7 li
8 1 j
9 1
10 1
U hi
12
13
14 !
Jenkins
J. It, Iff
E. Jones
H. Shields
I. Powell
Hennessy
Gray j
Thorpe
Piggott
Dietro
Macklin
E. Lloyd
Glover
ILouillier
10 30
5 5
15 15
5 . .25
6 8
10 20
30 30
2 11-;.
5-2 2
10 20
* *•
15 60
8 20
30 200
♦Coupled with Loyta.
Time— l 4. :24%; 4. :49%. Winner. J. Naglee Burkes br. c. by imp. Brutus-Irish Lass.
■ start. Won first three driving.
Gusto was fortunate. Catulus was cut off at start, or would have rolled in. Rose Queen
was hacked on fast workouts.
Scratched— Rachel C 115. Tannne 115. Ulilouette 104, Rose of Hilo 104.
O*T"T FOURTH RACE — One mile; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 1
i " " I " ' ) Benin*,
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. him. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. Cl.
724 Thyne. 4 11l 5 4 2 3hi 3 4 ... Il' ! Macklin 120 30
950 Catastrophe, 6 112 i 22 22 2^ ... 22 Hennessy .... 3 5
$no Ed Lanigan, 3 11l 1 Ihi lh 11 ... 32 Thorpe 3 6
962 Pallucus, 3 106 10 111 9 2 8 2 ... 4 1 Ames 10 20
535 Granger, a 117 6 Bft SI 7hi ... 5 11. Powell 20 50
913 Sylvan Lass, 3 96 11 71 7 1 61 ... 63 Romero 12 12
600 Fortis, 3 93 9 6 2 6 4 9 1 ... 7*4 Devln 10 5
€01 Cyaro. 4.... 103 8 5 4 El 6 4 ... BMs W. See 30 100
941 Solstice, 3 96 2 3h 41 4 1 ... 9 1 McNichols ... ! 5 R
941 Alhaja, 3 96 3 9hi 10 10 ... 10 Joe Weber.... 15 50
879 Gold Garter, 3 93 7 12 11 11 :."..;- 11 3 Hal 8r0wn.... 10 40
941 Rio Glenn, 4 108112 13 12 12 ... 12 2 E. Jones 4 5-2
579 Bly. 3 93113 10 13 2 13 ... 13 McCarthy .... 20 30
... Sooner Fly. 4 116114 14 14 14 „_. 14 Robertson .... 30 100
Time— V;. :25VJ; hi. 60U: %. ■ 1714; mile. 1:44. Winner. E. McCormick's b. g. by imp.
Islington-Narcola. Good start. Won first three driving.
Not one in the bunch worth $3. Thyne "lucked in.
Scratched— Hannah Reid 66.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
o*7o FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; Belling; three-year-olds and upward;
57 t <3» purse, $400.
j I ! Betting.
Index. Horse. Arc. Weight. i St. Std. fcm. 4m. Km. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. ;Op. Ci.
Winifred. 3 91; 3 5 4 6h 41 11 11 12 Devin | 3 3
(944) Vim. 3 9*i 4 4 1 3 1 5 2 3 3 2 5 220 Gray I 6
957 Heolla, 4 109; 7 S S 6 2 53 34 SI |J. Russell....: 12 SO
ludtre Wofford. 3... 93 1; 7 2 7 "■-> 7 :ti 4 2 4>> J. Ftciff I IS-3
P39 University, a 116 2 2h t; 1 8 7 2 7» Bh RoullUer 20 75
•'69 Colonial l>ain<\ 4.. .1^0 13h 2h 2h 62 61 6'~.T. Daly IS
(962) Prti-r Weber, 3 93 R 63 4n 3h 4 1 f. 2 7 1", W, Bee :>. 9-1
837 Outright, a I' 2 5 11 l_J 1J: ■ B - J Br m . 'i 1 400
. S. 1:08"! 7^. l:2f'-;; in ■ miles. 1:64\. Winner, E. Cor-
rigan's b. f. by Riley-Connie B. Good start Won easily. Becond and third driving
Winifred was pounds the beßt. At the far turn Dovln tried a "flying wedge," nearly
upsetting half the gtarters.
Jockeys.
! Bet
CkTCk BERTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
%J I tJm purse. | ,
handicap;
three-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. * St. Std. \m.
4m.
*«m.
Str.
Fin. {
Jockej 3.
i Betting.
Op. (1.
r <67 David Tenny. 5 lIS 6
. i Sprerkels, 5.... 11l 5
Vlerops, 3 9?, 4
I -«Ti \";n^lt..r. 5 103- 3
. ••-) Rosinante, 5 106 1
ire 11. " s " -
6
4 2
2 1
3 1
5 2
lh
6
3 4
22,
4 1
5 2
1 1
6
3 1
2 3
4 1
5 h
1 h
2 h
3 4
1 3
6
5 1
4J
1 h
3 1
2 4
5 1
6
4 h
1 1 Thorpe ■
2 2 Piggott i
3 3 MtcNlchols ...
4 h E. Jones
6 3 Jenkins !
_6 I Hal 8r0wn. ...
; 3 9-2
I 2 13-5
4 7-2
15 40
5-2 9 i
1 15 9
Time— X, :-'''-: 'r. ■'■■"-'■ V 1 I'" V ■"""■ 1:41%; i\ miles, 2:064. Winner, Burns & Water.
;.. h. by Tenny-Mamie B. Good start. Won first three driving.
came from the far rear and won on speed and gameneii. Merops tired. Rosin-
ante was sore.
TENNIS TOTJBNAMENT.
The First Match Game of the Aca
demic League Will Be Played
To-Day.
The first of the academic championship
tournament matches will be played this
afternoon on both the California Club
and the San Rafael Club courts. There
will be weekly contests until the tourna
ment works its way to the finals, which |
will be held on the California Club
grounds on. May 20. „. , ,-, __
The two matches at the California Club
courts this afternoon will be between
Roth and Hudson and Weihe and Valen
tine in singles. McGavin and A. R. at
son and Hooper and A. N. W atson will
meet on the San Rafael courts. On the
22d of this month the winner, of these
matches will cross rackets at the Cali
fornia Club courts. On the same day
Jones and Jacobi and Bremmell and Mit
chell will meet at the Alameda Club:
liihert and Alexander and Brown and
Otis at the Madison Club; Murdock and
Hall and Boyle and Day at the San Ra
fael Club. . _ _, ii
The tournament will be doubles as well
as singles Roth and Weihe of the Ly
ceum Academy will play Valentine and
Hudson of St. Mathew's at the California
courts; McGavin and Hooper of the Low
ell High School will meet Watson and
Watson of the Mount Tamalpais Academy
on th. San Rafael courts. Next Satur
day the winners of the first match will
play Day and Clifford of the San Rafael
■ High School, and the winners of the sec
ond will play Boyle and Hall of the Sel-
I bourne Academy on the San Rafael
I courts. Bremmell and Jones of Boone's
! Academy and Jacobi and Mitchell of the
| A. A. U. will play on April 22 at Ala
meda, and Otis and Alexander, A. H. S.,
: and Dlbert and Brown of the Oakland
: High School on the Madison courts.
I The matches will begin at 2p. m. and
Ibe two sets out of three except in the
finals, which will be three out of five.
The tournament will be held under the
auspices of the Academic Athletic
League, the committee on tennis being
composed of three members. B. L. York,
Martin Metcalf and P. W. Byrd.
At the California Club during the week
Harvey Walter and Joe Dally beat Root
and Bliven four out of five sets, 9-7, 3-6,
6-3 6-4, 7-5. Whitney brothers beat Roth
and Weihe, 6-4, 6-2. Weihe beat Roth in
a close set: Weihe and Robert N. Whit
ney beat George Whitney and Root.
THE NOOSE FOR CHAVES.
The Los Angeles Murderer to Be '
Hanged This Morning.
Manuel Chaves will be hanged to-day.
Every effort seems to have been made to
save the fellow's neck, but to no purpose.
Soon after he was sentenced in Los An
geles County for killing a woman his at
torney induced Governor Budd to grant
a reprieve that delayed the execution from
December 16 to April 15. Since there have
been efforts to Induce Governor Gage to
show some clemency to the condemned,
but these were unsuccessful.
Warden Hale, who has charge of the
details of the execution at San Quentln,
was for a time apprehensive of his duties,
and yesterday sent to the Attorney Gen
eral "an inquiry as to whether or not it
was necessary to have th". reprieved man
resentenced, Mr. Ford last evening sent
the following dispatch to the Warden,
which shows that there Is but one thing
for that offlclal to do— hang Chaves at
the appointed hour, 10:30 clock this
morning: '• . .
"Reprieve merely postpones execution:
of Judgment to date fixed by reprieve. Re
sentence by court is not necessary unless
execution; is stayed in some manner other
than by reprieve."
THE SA:_T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
BASEBALL TO-DAY.
! Watsonville and San Francisco to
Play at Recreation Park.
Manager Struve and his aggregation of
baseball talent from Watsonville ar
rived in town last night, and this after
noon the ball-tossers from the sugar
city will endeavor to recover the hon
ors they lost last week. Struve's team
I was beaten two straight by the Friscos
and both games were hotly contested.
They are going against the same team
again this week, and if they put up as
good ball as that supplied last Sunday
the local fans will have no cause for
complaint. "Fireman" Fitzpatriok and
Whelan will do the twirling to-day. and
to-morrow the two stars of the box-
Harper' and Iberg— will be the opposing
pitchers. [berg has not been seen this
season on the local diamond, and he will
no doubt prove a strong drawing-card.
The line-up for to-day's game is as fol
lows:
Watsonville. Position. San Francisco.
Selna First base Sullivan
Francks Second base O'Neill
McCarthy Third base Riley
Courtney Shortstop Krug
laves Left field Muller
PJake Center field Pyne
I. a wlor Right field -.Hildebrandt
Morrow Catcher liar' man
Whelan Pitcher Fit .patrlck
Line Drawings and Half Tones.
The fine half-tone pictures of Easter
decorations at St. Luke's and the First
Congregational Church; the beautiful
picture of the old mill; a picture of the
Park, and a pen and ink sketch of the
gingerbread fete in to-day's News Let
ter. All for 10 cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
®4®4® + ®>® ♦ ®+®-f® + ®**T*®+® + ®+®+® ♦ ®+®+® + ®f® ♦ +®-f®4®
I Weakness Cured I
i HERE IS HOPE I
® . FOR YOUNG MEN. I
i 4|g|gggs->BfctM Wm Thousands of young and middle- v +
® iiiir «ii, aged men feel the need of new life, new __
♦ 'QHtt : «_S confidence, new ambition, to replace ®
"*" \W\ <<3_fk *__"•*«? at ,ost ky ignorance and neglect of i,
f\§M -f^^* W&F_W the laws of health. See how this young +
® vl, . \ ' ¥ man regained his power: ®
® VL C»^ -./ Metz, Cal., April 1, 1S!)9. ®
1 } __^_ / DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: 'i have s-
r\ \\ "*-*** I delayed answering; your letter so that I could (i)
tS l\ Jl more fully test the power of your Belt. I have __
X A \_ /i ' now worn your Dr. Sanden Electric Belt for "*"
® _/ Vs. almost three months, and I am glad to an- ®
♦ / \\ : -E_^^^________, nounee that It has cure, mc of weakness You 4
® / \ \ yytfr _\_\-Wfe* ma use this letter as you see fit. Yours truly Ci)
I / / X^^^y^W/ WIH y ° U Sti!l doubt that m y im P rov ed ®
® "^* V "\^g * r\^ . methods of applying Electricity will cure ®
I® \ i , '^S\ * ' yOU? Ca " or Send for my book, "Three I
1 4- ° ' Classes of Men," with more proof. %
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my book, I
® 702 Market St., cor. Kearny. 8. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." X
Or »M>- South Broadway, Los Ang-les. ._ -_\ *>***■ men, .^
fOr 20.H South Broadway, Los m. : Sundays, '* IS MAILED *■■"" X
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE, *
■¥ 10 to 1. NEVER BOLD IN DRUG STORES. . . .. t ; 4.
® : - . .." '' .. .:■ ■,:. ■ &"._■&.?_ :.-■ ;., ,' ®
®-f®-f® ®4®>^>®4®4®4®4®)4®4®4®4®>®-f®4®4®^ + ®+®+®+®+__ I
DAVID TENNY
HAS REGAINED
HIS OLD FORM
Beat Adoiph Spreck
eis in Fast Time.
CHEAP SPORT AT OAKLAND
ALL SORTS OF HORSES FINISHED
IN FRONT.
Winners Hard to Pick, and the Tal
ent Displaying Signals of Dis
tress — Heigh Ho a Live
One.
In the mile and a quarter handicap de
cided at Oakland yesterday David Tenny, j
with 113 pounds on his expansive back
and piloted by Charley Thorpe, defeated
Adoiph Spreckeis in a sharp and decisive
struggle, covering the distance in 2 :(.(."_.
Tenny came from the far rear, winning
by a length, and his performance was an
exceptionally tine one. On December "S
last Robert Bonner, a cheap selling
plater, carrying 90 pounds, was creuited
with reeling off the distance in 2:06%, the
present coast record. Considerable doubt
is cast on ibis latter run, as it is claimed
the horses beat the time flag.
A miscellaneous collection of horses
started in the different events, and win
ners were hard to guess. The edge seems
worn off the game, and the better class ;
of race-goers no longer patronize it. Long j
shots were continually dropping in tirst,
Gusto and Thyne, each 30 to 1 chances,
proving the stars.
Jinks, the lukewarm favorite for the |
first event, received a poor send-off, and •
although showing speed; finished among !
the "also rans." Prompto ran down the
fleet Imasa and looked to be winning,
when Johnny U. iff slipped up on the out- !
side with Heigh Ho, a . to J. shot, getting i
the verdict by over a length.
Bat-singer, the colored boy, made a nice j
sneak with Einstein in the mile and a fur- ,
long run. landing the purse. Ringmaster,
the favorite, closely followed by Cavallo,
Coda and New Moon, struck the stretch
in front of the field. Hugging the rail
With his mount and gaining half a dozen
lengths, Basslnger won easily from New
Moon. The winner closed at 6 to 1 in the
books. :_'
The Montana-bred gelding Burdoc ruled
favorite for the two-year-old scramble,
although the bulk of the coin bet went in
on Rose Queen and Catulus. The former,
a filly from the Baldwin stable, was
touted on fast workouts, closing second
choice. Catulus, ridden by Reiff, was
pounds the best, but cut-off soon after the
start, went the overland route, and, fin
ishing like a ghost, was beaten but a head I
by Gusto, a 30 to 1 shot.
A dingy, musty assortment of thorough
breds, so called, started in the mile run
for maidens. Ed Lanipai;. one of the sec
ond choices, led to the stretch and there
fell back to third place. At this juncture
Macklin, on the 30 to 1 outsider Thyne,
skimmed along, downing Catastrophe a
length in 1:41.
The mile and a furlong run was made
easy for Corrigan's Winifred, and he i
waltzed in first. Gray managed to take !
the place with Ulm, the 6 to 5 favorite.
Track Notes.
This will be the final day at Oakland of
the exiled and almost defunct Pacific
Coast Jockey Club. The fields wear a lop
side, 1 bow-wow look, and the drama
"Driven From Home" can be put down
as an ill-starred venture.
A. Nickells, the owner of Veragua, no
longer trains the horses of Prince Ponia
towski. ' '
To-Day's Entries. j
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds.
866 Belle of P. A... .115 970 Rachel C 115
963 Artllla 115 959 Glga 115 j
970 Artemis 115 959 Tanobe 115
963 Pythia 115 '.-7 Pidalia 115
976 Champion Rose. lls!
Second Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; :
the Schrciber Stakes; JIOOO.
976 Bamboulla 118 916 Mountebank ....1!8
899 Lomond IIS 963 Beautiful 8i11. ..118
(964)Goiden Rule 123 (983) Tar Hill ...118 ,
Third Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
974 Guilder 109: 953 Jingle Jingle.... 83 '
946 Sir (Man 94 | 953 Tom Calvert l"3 ,
(960)Wytrming 113 960 Whaleback 85
960 ■otente 106, 96S The Frctter ...... 34
960 Hohenzollern ...110' 960 Roadrunner 110
946 Castake ion 953 Opponent ... 100
932 Kamsln 104! 968 Jennie K«*ld 95
960 Ping 109 942 Ann,, wan 91
946 Benamela 104 !(932) Malay 91 ,
Fourth Race— One and a quarter miles; the
California Derby; .5000.
(966) L0s Medanos....l22| 744 Ballsta '--
966 Olinthus 122 966 Limewator 122
923 Gauntlet 122 1 902 Earl Islington. . .112
966 .sine 122
Fifth Race— and a sixteenth miles; sell- |
ins; four-year-olds and upward.
957 Alvln E 107 944 Meadow Lark. ..107
969 ml Krucger...lf!6i 976 Ringmaster 107
889 Stan Powers 103 707 Bernardino 107
939 Deer-fool 103 j 944 Polaskl 107
973 Bliss Rucker....K'6| 975 Rapido 107
939 Morana 10l| 957 Major Hooker. ..loß
872 Heritage '"" 975 New Moon in.*,
«32 mien 107 915 Dick Behan 106
973 Bonnie lone 101' 810 Roulette Wheel. lol
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; handicap.
955 Rosormonde .... 97! 966 Lost Girl 93
954 Miss Rowcna...l2o' 974 Jinks 92
908) Dr. Sheppard....llS| 961 Highland 8a11... 90
964 La Goleta 1'"! 971 Tony Llcal-1.... 83
949 Morlnga '7, 961 Aluminum 85
961 Ailyar ?5l
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Rachel C, Artllla, Pidalia.
Second Race— Golden Rule, Tar Hill, Mounte
bank.
Third Race— Opponent, Wyoming, Potente.
Fourth Race— Olinthus, Corsine, Los Me- j
danos.
Fifth Race— Bernardillo, New Moon, Meadow j
Lark.
Sixth Race— Ailyar, Lost Girl, Miss Rowena. I
Gro.Tt bargain to-day in a second-hand
Decker at Mauvals', 769 Market street. *
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
r^MUTE^SECURITYr
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS, must
bear signature of /^^f^^
!__«____- _«__«--_■_-»■■_■__■_■__»_,
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF lniDxrD , ol FORHEADACHL SEE
5tE CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. EE
GENUINE f JVfe-R for ?or?, U S liv e S GENUINE
mPSI LS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER or baiaVrSL wrapper
o___V*Cl_<J__ _Q_TMAVt_^pNATURE. _
25 Cents I Purely Tegetahle.^^^**^^^*^
"_PK,I2STT_S:iD o_sr _^E_D paper."
CLEVELAND i
BICYCLES
$4-0 and I
i LEAVITT & BILL, I
\ 309 Larkin St. |
,| Wheels sold on installments. I
I Oil wheels taken in exchange. p
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco __
. SB^^^^w^^ST Dealers in Firearms,
Baft** *^^ FUliinj; Tackle, and
_P^^ Sporting Goods of Every Des-
cription. Mlsrliest Cash Prices
faid for Raw Furs.
Rend for free Illustrated Catalogue.
1898- TAXES -1898
;
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF. REAL
Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 24, at
6 p. m., after which 5 per cent will bo added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m.
on April 22.
SATURDAT. April 15, positively last day of
receiving checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
San Francisco, April 6, 1899.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
9 DO NOT DESPAIR! Do not Suf-
fer Longer) The Joys and ambition" of
life can be restored to you. The very
wor.«t cases of »rvou« Debility are
absolutely cured by FEKFEt'TO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
nnd drain of vital powers. Incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give __-_s_*V bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to tho eyes of _-F .*\young or old.
On»>.V)c box renews vital energy. f_k»J6 boxes at
*-. 50 n complete guaranteed cure TiJTtTVor money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest '•" l pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THK PER.EITO CO., Caitun Bid... Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drag Co., S. F. and Oakland.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S <****-
tf|L Museum of Anatomy
jp^gl 1061 BASEST ST. bat. k 7th, S. T. Cal
& ' _ W The Largestofltsklodint-e World.
I««t.\ 0R - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
lEW! ft^ Conioltation n-M. Wrlio for Hook
Wl of Marriage.
h (J n»» _,-n Kfir.
r ____-l_BB___»-'* _.■ ■**'*■ ** Is * n on-poi«nno«s
<<^-_-_H3_P^^^__i_i remedy for Gonorrhoea,
__W_Fct:iiEft^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
M^BFia 1 to a dayg.^H Whites, unnatural in-
Mfjeg Qcuwik' 6J charges, or any inflamma-
JfatoV oat to stricture. tion, irritation or uicera-
F^-fll'r.vcaU contagion, tion of mucous mem-
lT/_VHFEv»NSCHEMirii|fIo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
I_a_ft,CINCIHH>TI.O ____ Sold by Brn »__,
w__f3-_ U3 _ ____T or Bent ' Q plain wrapper,
.^JcSt- 1 --- i^rn^M t>J express, prepaid, foi
- > __V________P^ > _l S. l - 00 ' or 8 bottles, 12.76.
*» , ">«lajQis£«r'% v ■ Circular mdC on i_4-_«_,
yOjk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_^_-_JS_- * J -*^ KEARNY HT. Established
Iffiri _*_«■ In Jh5S 'or the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEARNY XT, Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Disease-!, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SsHaij&i^J!; disease w-<vtrln^on bodyand mind and
•"Skin Diseases. I'be doctor cures when
h_-_£__£l___. others fail. Try hint, -barges low
Cnr.>ffDaraDteed. Callorwrlta
Dr. J. __'. _IBBO_, Box _a37.Sac Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
P_B_Slit____o. S. S. Mariposa
■ HIIIC ?alla vla Honolulu
fc *" "** an _ Auckland for
. *, Sydney Wednesday.
!_/^ I • April 19, at 10 p. m.
HMIIIJIII^ s - llg for - Honolulu
HKHIIJIIiy Eal i a for Honolulu
©ll]|93rUH ednesdey. Ma 3. at
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc. ; $610 flrst-class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW rORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday 10 a. 1 m.
St. Louis April 12 St. Louts May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New Tork April 2«|St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnd /intwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, IJ noon.
Southwark April 12 jNoordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19'Frlesland May 10
Kensington ....April it ! Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting - at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No-cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May .
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
■.V:.k--. TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW TORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
*BF.G|I\MaG APRIL 29th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBUKG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Acts. Pacific Coast,
.01 CALIFORNIA ST.„ cor. Sansome, and
i - 118 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j^^ Steamers leave Broadway
ll!__!t»»-_. wharf, San Francisco:
_________ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
Kg^^^jik , Apr. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21, 26, May 1;
I iT_M__^___^_ change at Seattle.
I l___tt_W vvf For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
____f_\% C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
f^^Sf^SH Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
> and New Whatcom (Wash.),
*•« 10 a. m.. Apr. 1, 6, li. 19. 2L
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and Q. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Apr. 4.
» 14. 19, 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayueos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Apr. 2, 6, 10. 14. 18, 22. 28.
80. May 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
I ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
i m., Apr. 4. 8, 12. 16, 20. 24. 28, May 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jone del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
I month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
' and hours of salting.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
! street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & If, CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
' PADE *1 2 First Class '-eluding Bart.i
J rMIIL $8 Second Clasv and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April i, li, ii.
State of California sails March is, 29;' April
i 8. 18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Bntta,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East st.
COMPAGNIE QENERALE TRANBATLANTIQDE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. _._•-£_**
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <ttjoj\
from Pier 42. North River, foot of <*3---_¥_i
Morton st. LA TOURAINE. April 22; LA
GASCOGNE, April 29: LA NORMANDIE, May
6; LA CHAMPAGNE, May 13; LA BRE-
TAGNE, May 20. First-class to Havre, $8",
and upward, ■*> per cent reduction on round
trip Second-class to Havre. $45; 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3
Bowling Green. New York. .1. F. FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San Frnnrisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBSL
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J.
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at S a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted.) Regular steamer-
| leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SO5.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Will be laid off the route for general repairs
for about 10 days, commencing Monday night.
April 10. 1899.
BAILBOAD T_lAV__X_
CALIFOHNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
_Li__!Ss-_l--I
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot O- Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
I 3:30, 8:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
j at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:09
and 11 JO p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 8:80, 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 3:30,
! 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
-AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:DO, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 18:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ai
: 1:.5 and 6:35 p. m.
1 BUND AYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
i fame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. ■ October 16, •
Week ! Bun- 1868. Sun- i Week
' Days. Days. Destination. days. I days.
7:80 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10.40 am! 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:80 am' Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:33 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
I 8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pra
■ — ' : — i
Hopland and
j 7:80 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
j 7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Gumeyville. 7:35 pml
- 8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm {-.00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Bebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm! 6:00 pmj 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Bprlngs; at Lvtton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
| eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
i Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. - Carlsbad
j Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlngs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter.
fprlngs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
ohn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buckneii's,
; Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City; Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. WUlltts. Lay: -'TivIIIp. Cum*
! xnlng-s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 6CO Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Fass Agent,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday,
flept. 11. 1898:
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. 31. _-__^-
THOS C&OK * SON. Agent* CD Marks*
»U««t. San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
_STo. 39 OE__l2.'_" ST.
WILL BE SQL!) OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Creditors.
COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, UN.
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until al' are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE •
GOODS, OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRONZIES. EBONY GOODS.
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS, SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS,
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS, ROBES, JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
WELL-KEPT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (SATURDAY), AT 11 A. M.
1913 DEVISADERO ST., NEAR CALIFORNIA.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. ''.■'■ Market.
KAILBOAi. TRAVEL.
Mil f lII.K> I'AdKU COMfANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leare itual .»«-«■ due to mil,* nt
NAN FKA-4JI.I!o:
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arrivb
•G:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *8: ."i .
":OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento . . 5.43p
~:«Oa Marysville, Oroville Bedding via
Woodland 5: -»r
?:o(>a Elx_ira, Vacaville and Rumsey 8:.51>
7:110 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13r
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kant.. B>-3r
S:!IOa Sau Jose, LiTermore, .Stockton,
'-■ ; _- ■*.■•-" lone, .Sacramento, Placerr-le,
Marystllle, Chlco, Red Hlnff -:I»F
B:'_oa •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora _:13p
9:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno. ._ _8:lSr
9iooa Fresno, Kakerstieid. Santa Hurlisra.
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and E»st.. 6:_sp
IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
12:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Porterville 4 : 1 3
M:OOp Sacramento Klver Steamers *8:00p
4:00 r Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
* Napa, Calistoga, Santa Hosa 0:13*
4:00r Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
M.rjsville, Oroville 10:45 a
4i3op Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:_sp
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Oar for Raymond 12:13p
3:OOp Tlie Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:45 a
■TjSjOOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paao,
For' Worth, Li tie Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 18:4.".a
5:SOp Stockton, Merced. Fresno l_:l3p
3:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
M. jave ami l.os Angeles 8:43 a
si3op Santa Ft: Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 6:43p
OMMIi- European Mail, Ogden and East.... 9:43 a
6:0 Op Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:13 a.
•0:00 v Vnllejo 12:13l>
7:OOp Oregon l_x_iruss, Sacramento, Marys,
ville, Redding, Portland, Fugut
Sound and East 7:43 a
18: OOp Vallejo, Port Cotta and Way Sta-
tions il«-:3«p
fl0:05p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East jl:4Sr
SAN liBAKBKO AM) HAYWARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I Melrose, Seminary Park, ( b_|5 A
8:00 a ntrlilmrif, Klmlitirst, t?»:lS__
i9:OOa San Li'Hiulro. Sou San (*!»:4sa
lO.OOa Lfuntlro, r'stndilto, 10:43 a
il 1:OOa ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • '*i : 12 A
t:i-.oop and *?>***
- : __! Haynards. *•■*
■** < Runs through to Nlles. ~.\<L
J From Nlles, . '-* or
COAST DIVISION (Sasrovr tiavge). •
(Foot of Market Street.) '
J7:45a Banta Cruz Exclusion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:05l»
8:13 a Newark, Centervllle.San Jose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations s:so_>
*2:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mo:3»a
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a.
.4: 15 Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN FRANCISCO — Foot of Mtr.el Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. .1:03 *2:00 .3:09
•4:00 .5:00 *6:00r.M..
Frets OilUsß— Foet»rßro»dw_j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:0OA._f.
t!2:CO "1:00 13:00 "3:03 tI:Q3 "ScOOp.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend St..)
•6: 1 Oa South San Francisco »6:30p
•7;00a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) It3op
{7:80 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations JS:35r
9:00 * San Jose, Tien Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Rubles, Han
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf ami
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
IO:4»A San Jose and Way Stations «8:00._
I1:30a San Jose and Way Stations 5:30p
"2:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Sau Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove »10:36 a
•B:BopSan.T<)se and Way Stations *0:00 a
•I:lsi' San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 9:15
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:50._
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
6:»0p Sau Joseand Way .Stations 7:30
t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. X Sunday only. + Saturdays only.
"..Mondays only. fcSaturday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
California
Limited
Santa R. Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.^
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
: DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
; ... FRANCISCO TICKEOFFICE — 628 MARKETST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1-U.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol «I Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
' FROM SAN* FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAL___X
AND SAN RAFAEL-
WEEK DAYS— »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; "I:**.
2:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 _ m
SUNDAYS - ■.:<». »10:00, "-1:30 a. m. ; *I:___
8:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -5:25. *6:35. 7:45. *»:30 a. m.;
1 •02:20, 2:20. -3:45. 5:05 p. m. __, _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p.' m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. »8:00. n0:00. *11:55 a. m.j
: "1:15, *3:10. 4:40. «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN ."RANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m. _; ,
EXTRA ' TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. „-■..-.._.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:0o. i:2O. 3:20,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
I 7:40 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
i 1:45 a. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .....
8:00 a-m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUID
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2&, 1899. trains will run as follows^
' South-bound. North-bound.
■__— — : I —^
; Passen- ! Mixed. Mixed. Parse.-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
| Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally.
. — -— — ■ ■ ■ - ■" «■
j 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:46 pm 6:00 prq
»:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm. 4:13 m*
10:40 am! 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pnj
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:4-1 am 1:45 pnj
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am l 11:00 ani
11:59 am! 6:23 pmj Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
! 12:16 pm! 6:53 pm l Tulare I 6:50 am 1:05 pm
' Stopping: at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Marie a
«tract-...___i . Francisco.
I Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
ATTORNEY WHITE
WILL BRING SUIT
FOR EXTORTION
Says Capitalist Kelly Asked
Him for Five Hundred
Dollars.
An Actress's Loan Leads to a Sensational
Hour With Grand Jurors— White Said
to Have Forged.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway. April 14.
MRS. NELLIE COLVARD, a pretty j
actress of San Francisco, came to
Oakland some months ago to raise ,
a small loan on her piano, and the |
result of her visit is an application to the i
District Attorney for a warrant for forg- J
cry against Attorney W. B. White. The
Grand Jury has inquired into the matter,
has heard the story of Mrs. Colvard, her
husband. Professor Colvard, and of At
torney White, and dropped the matter as
having no criminal intent.
A few months ago Mrs. Colvard, being
In need of $25, came over here to try to
negotiate the loan with Attorney White.
Mr. White, not being In the money-lend
ing business, made it possible for her to j
obtain the money from Cyrus B. Kelly,
a capitalist and money lender. White \
drew up a chattel mortgage on the piano |
and prepared a note, which was signed
by Mrs. Colvard and by her authority
Dnd also armed with a power of attorney j
by W. B. White for Professor Colvard.
This signature is held by Kelly to be a
forgery, and White alleges that Kelly de- I
manded $500 as the price of not sending
him to jail.
For several days Kelly was visiting the
prosecuting attorney's office and the
District Attorney's office, and also Judge
Quinn's court, asking for the issuance of
a warrant, to which he was willing to
swear, charging the attorney with forg
ery. After a few days White says he
thought it time to close up Mr. Kelly's
Importunities, and he took the precaution,
while Kelly was talking to him on one
occasion on the street, to have Constable
Ed Weidler near enough to hear the con
versation. Again Kelly said that the
whole matter would cost $500 and that
if the young attorney could not produce '
it. It would be an easy matter for his
father to do so to prevent his son from ;
being imprisoned. i
"The matter has caused me considerable
annoyance," said Attorney White this
afternoon, and it is absolutely without
merit other than the making of an error
by myself when I drew the note in not
signing it as attorney in fact, which of
course I should have done, although there
Is even a doubt as to whether this was
legally necessary- Mrs. Colvard came to
me for the loan*, and I introduced her to '
Kelly. The note was made for three i
HILBORN WHS
ANXIOUS TO
SAVE VALLEJO
Why He Advocates a
Wooden Dock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
998 Broadway, April 14.
Ex-Congressman Hilborn shares with
Collis P. Huntington the Idea that a
wooden drydock is just as serviceable as a
stone structure. The Congressman's at
titude in favoring the construction of
Mure Island's new dock of wood has
caused a brief controversy. Mr. Hilborn
has Just sent a statement to friends here
explaining his course.
Mr. Hilborn says:
I cannot understand the outburst of in
dignation against wooden docks at the pres
ent time. About a year ago Congress
passed a hill providing for building four
drydocks, one of which wan to be built
at Mare Island, and they were all tec he of
wood. The Secretary of the Navy had the
option to build on" of Them of stone or
concrete.
No word of protest went up from '"ali
fornia over the proposition to build the Mare
Island dock of wood. Indeed, for many
years the Government has built Its docks
entirely of this material. A wooden dry
dock, if properly built, is a good dock. The
Government dock at Port Orchard Is a
wooden dock and is a good one. C. P.
Huntington Is building a dock at Newport
News which will be over 1100 feet lone and
is said to be the largest dock in the world.
It is designed for docking the largest and
heaviest vessels in the world and he is
buiMlng it of wood. There are no private
docks in the United States built ln re
cent years which are not built of timber.
My main object, however, in Insisting
that the one at Mare Island should be a
wooden dock was that a wooden dock can
be built so much quicker. Huntington ex
pects to have bis Immense dock completed
In one year from the date of its commence
ment and even the ■ eminent can build a
wooden dock In two years. The present dry
dock at Maro Island is of stone and It cost
$2,M0,000, ami it took over nineteen years to
build It. The Government has never built
a stone dock In less than sis years. Vallejo
cannot afford to wait six years for a dock.
This would mean a virtual abandonment of
the Mare Island naval station and the ruin
of the city, for in thai six years all the
battleships would go to the 'lock at Port
Orchard, which would result In building up
that establishment, so that Mare Island
would take a second place. While a wooden
dock may not last as long as a stone dock,
while It does last It is as rood a* a stone
dock, If not better. What was needed at
Mare Island was a dock which could be
built quickly and would yet answer the
"KID'- YOUNG IN THE TOILS
He Returned to the City and Was Ar
rested After Being Back Only
an Hour.
George Young, better known as "Kid"
Young, the well-known pickpocket, was
foolish enough to return to the city yes
terday, and had not been back more than
An Instrument of Torture
_^BBSBBBBBBB_B__ ______b___^^Ni Is a Trusß made on the plan as
JP*^ Bnown » with a heavy steel or iron
/ ____^'^£%_ B band, as 'you know if you have
I _r-™-__t^ l^NE-^^ _7's|_-_ M keen ,n tne habit of wearing one.
i CS*^ W^fStW ' n - r,nv ll away! Why will you
\ ._._. !_»_t__-a^B^r continl, e wearing such an instru-
ct- /^M^^^Sjml ment of torture, when we can fur-
n _ !sh ? ou a mo; *- t efficient tn:.'K—
*&* hoops or steel springs about it
and one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and
DAY? As for CURES. DR. PIERCES Celebrated MAGNETIC El •_:-
TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS!, It is an ELECTRIC
TRUSS, the only genuine and successful one ever invented. Electricity
is the only thing that will CURE rupture, and when Dr. Pi roe's Truss
cures a rupture it stays cured. Send 2c in stamps for our "Bool: No. l"
or call at office. Address: .
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY
620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
months, with Interest at 5 per cent per
month. At the end of the ninety days
I tendered Kelly $26 25, and asked for the
return of the note and mortgage. He
coolly told me I had committed forgery
by signing the name of Mr. Colvard and
that it would cost me $500 to get out of
it. I told him that he knew that I had
no money, and he suggested that my
father had had four years in the Sheriff's
office and was pretty well fixed and would
be willing to put up to avoid my being
disgraced. 1 told him he was foolish and
that he had better return the note.
"The next I heard of the matter was his
going to Prosecuting Attorney Abe Leach
and asking for a warrant for forgery.
Mrs. Kelly also attempted in Judge
Quinn's court to get a warrant and was
refused. After that Kelly took the matter
before the Grand Jury. Mrs. Colvard was
subpenaed and told the story as 1 am
telling it. Her husband was also before
the jury, acknowledged his signature to
the note and said he had given me a
power of attorney to act for him. My at
torney, Hugh Aldrich, went before the
Grand Jury. showed the power of attor
ney, and so far as I know the grand jurors
promptly decided to end the matter right
there.
"A few days ago Kelly met me and I
asked Constable Weidler to keep within
hearing distance while I conversed with
him. Once more Kelly offered to drop
the whole business for $500. I asked him
if he knew that, supposing I were guilty
of forgery, he was compounding a felony
by making such a proposition, and he re
plied that he didn't care if he were."
Constable Ed Weidler corroborated At
torney White's statement this afternoons
"Attorney White and Kelly were talking
on the street." said Weidler. "and I heard
White remark that Kelly was making a
fool of himself running around trying to
procure warrants and telling everybody
of the incident. 'Well, It will cost $500,' I
heard Kelly Bay. 'You know that is Im
possible.' said White, 'for I haven't any
money and I certainly wouldn't put up a
cent If I had.' 'Well, your old man Is
well fixed and he can afford It, and I
would guess he would rather do it than
see you go to jail, for he thinks a lot of
his boys, Kelly answered. I then stepped
up and said to -Kelly. 'You must be run
ning a bluff,' to which he replied, 'No, I
am not; I am not in the bluffing business.'
That is the part I heard."
Attorney White stated to-night that he
shall certainly bring suit next week
through Attorney Aldrich against Kelly
for attempted extortion.
an hour when he was captured by the po
lice and taken to the City Prison.
He was arrested on the night of the last
elections in front of The Call offi< for
stealing a purse from the. pocket of P. J.
Thomas, a printer, containing $140, which
he passed during his flight from Detective
Egan to J. O'Kane, harnessmaker, Golden
Gate avenue, who happened to be stand
ing near him at the time. At his prelim
inary examination before Judge Conlan
the case was dismissed, but the police
took the matter before the Grand Jury
and an indictment was returned against
Young.
Young had meantime fled from the city
and went to I^os Angeles.
SMOTE THOSE WHO SAID
SHE USED FACE POWDER
MRS. J. J. TRAVER ASSAULTS
ATTORNEY PISTOLESI.
"You're no gentleman. Take that"—
Smack! "And that"— Biff!
Suiting the action to the foregoing
words, Mrs. J. J. Traver. the prepossess
ing wife of a Mission livery stable pro
prietor, landed her little palm Hush on the
jaw of Attorney Pistoles! . and not being
satisfied with the love tap, smote him on
the nose with her clinched list.
Mr. Pistoles! thought he was witness
ing a police parade, he saw so many stars
on receiving the last blow. His friend,
John 13. Fletcher, came to his assistance,
but the plucky little woman dealt the
peacemaker a smash on the face and de
parted triumphantly with her husband.
The trouble was all due to the fact that
the lady was accused of using powder on
her fair face. In her eye it was an enor
mous insult. She lirst sputtered and then
wreaked vengeance on her detainers. The
incident occurred outside the courtroom
of Justice Dunn at the City Hall, and
was witnessed by a number of people,
who admired the pluck of Mrs. Traver.
It was due to testimony given in a case
in which her husband was the defendant
in a suit brought by J. Vencilllone, a clerk
in Pistolesl's office, who tried to recover
$ v on an assigned claim of Fletcher, who
is a resident of Watsonville.
Fletcher testified that when he called
at Mr. Traver's livery stable at 2(127 Mis
sion street to obtain money due him, he
did not see Mrs. Traver. but when he
went the second time he did, but she was
not as powdered then as she was in court.
Mrs. Traver would not brook this slight
ing remark, and called for the court's
protection. "I don't powder," she Indig
nantly replied. To prove it the lady re
moved her veil and asked Judge Dunn
whether there was any "chalk" on her
countenance. . Judge Dunn, after assuring
Mrs. Traver that there was no trace of
whitening there, turned to Fletcher and
told him his remarks were uncalled for.
His Honor then apologized to the irate
woman for the insult offered her and the
case proceeded.
Attorney. Pistolesi for the plaintiff, dur
ing his cross-examination of Mrs. Traver,
stated to the court this "powdered-faced
lady was grossly mistaken." This remark
again aroused the anger of Mrs. Traver,
and she cried:
"I want you to apologize right here, or
you will have to out of court."
Judge Dunn gave a decision against
Traver ln the sum of $53 and all parties
left the room. As soon as they were in
the corridor Mrs. Traver demanded an
apology, and as it was slow in forthcom
ing she acted as above narrated.
Last evening Mrs. Traver denied thai
sin had ever been to court or that she
had slapped the attorney.
Captain Dillon Indicted.
r f_he Federal Grand Jury yesterday re-
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
turned a true bill of indictment against
Captain Dillon of the Morgan City for
beating a sailor named Gus Mohl' oh- the
high seas. The trial was fixed for next
Monday morning. » *
The charges against Johann Hallln and
Fred Dautn accused of stealing copper
from the navy-yard at Mare Island were
Ignored. The principals had been acquit
ted. and the evidence against Hallln and
Dautfi was not admissible on the ground
that they had made certain incriminating
statements because of promises of im
munity extended to them. ■..•'-*.; ■'</;
S. P. AND STATA FE
WILL GO IT ALONE
RATE TO MISSOURI RIVER
POINTS ADVANCED.
The passenger agents of transcontinen
tal lines represented on this, coast have
not as yet been able to come to any
agreement upon the share of military
traffic eastward that shall be allotted to
each system. Although there have been
a number of conferences held during the
past two weeks looking to a settlement
of the Question, they have resulted ln
nothing but dissatisfaction. The general
opinion on, the part of the conferring
agents was that the Southern Pacific in
asking 72 and 72V_ per cent of all the traf
fic for its Portland, Ogden and El Paso
routes was demanding the lion's share
of the business and they declined to agree
to it.
The initial proposition made by the
Southern Pacific was that It should al
low the Santa Fe system 20 per cent of
the traffic and divide the otner 80 per cent
between its three lines — 65 per cent via
Ogden, 10 per cent via tut Paso and 5 per
cent via Portland. The Santa Fe de
manded 40 per cent, but finally compro
mised on 27'_. Then the Ogden connec
tions of the Southern Pacific stood out
for 66 2-3 per cent of the traffic instead of
65, and demanded that the Southern Pa
cific be allowed nothing at all for its
freight line via El Paso.
Matters hung fire at this point and
since then the Southern Pacific has given
up hope of coming to any agreement that
would be satisfactory to itself. Yester
day it took the matter in its own hands
and with the Santa Fe put up the rate
on second-class traffic to Missouri River
points from $35 to $3750, a raise of $250,
and Passenger Agent Donaldson an
nounced that the Southern Pacific would
go it alone if it had to and would allow
"the other fellows" a fair proportion of
the traffic. :;• '.
All this rumpus over rates has been
kicked up over the question of which
road should get the few straggling In
valided or time expired soldiers who are
arriving from time to time from Manila,
and while it has been going on the north
ern lines, which are running $1 50 cheaper
to St. Paul under the present rates than
the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe, have
been gathering in the trade with only
their narrow margin as an inducement.
FURTHER DELAY GAINED
BY A TECHNICALITY
WAR STAMP CASES REMANDED
TO FEDERAL COURT.
Some time ago Judge Morrow of the
Circuit Court delivered a lengthy opin
ion in which he stated that his tribunal
had no jurisdiction to try the suits
brought by G. B. Benham and B. John
son against Wells, Fargo & Co., arising
out of tin- refusal of the corporation to
forward packages unles a war stamp
was affixed to them by the senders.
Despite this fact E. S. Pillsbury. coun
sel for the wealthy but unpatriotic cor
poration, has again invoked the aid of the
Federal court to stave off paying the
judgments that are likely to be awarded
tin- plaintiffs by Justice Barry, before
whom the cases are pending. On Mon
day last Mr. Pillsbury secured writs of
certiorari from the Circuit Court and
served them on Judge Barry. This unex
pected move for delay resulted in both
cases being dropped from the Justices'
court calendar when they were called,
two days later.
Now that the cases have been remanded
to the Circuit Court they are likely to re
j main there for many months. The evi
dent plan of the corporation is to have
Judge Morrow again decide he has no Ju
risdiction, so that an appeal can be
taken to the United States Court of Ap
peals. The latter tribunal will sit next
month, but as the appeal will not be per
fected In that short time It will have to
be heard during the October term. The
technicality resorted to by the counsel for
the corporation is to attain but one ob
ject, and that is to permit his client to
! continue its policy of collecting eight and
! ten thousand dollars a month from the
people for war taxes which it Is in duty
| bound to pay.
VERMONTERS ENTERTAIN.
A .Charming Operetta Given at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The monthly social and dance of the
Pacilic Coast Association of the Sons of
Vermont at Odd Fellows' Hall last night
drew a large crowd.
One of the smoothest and cleverest en
tertainments ever provided by the asso
ciation was given from the stage and
thoroughly enjoyed by the thousand and
more in the audience.
The charming operetta, "The Odd
Trick," which took up more than half of
the evening, was introduced after an
overture by Delleplane's orchestra and a
couple of recitations by Mrs. Turner Bar
ton. It is a pretty little musical farce,
with interesting complications, and as Its
title would indicate dealing with intri
cate problems in whist and love. It all
came right in the end, however, thanks
to the indefatigable efforts of Rhys
Thomas, late of the Tivoli, under whose
direction It was produced, .and the other
members of the cast, consisting of Miss
Clara Atkins, Miss Donnelly, Mrs. Clark,
C. Fielding and W. Kneass.
The dance and social which followed the
entertainment was a brilliant affair.
FIGHT WITH TWO THIEVES.
Charles McFadden and Frank Wilson
Arrested for Stealing Two
Hogsheads.
Two of the gang of thieves that drive
around in wagons and steal articles from
express and delivery wagons were cap
tured yesterday after a hot chase and de
termined light by Policemen Beamer and
Gibbons. Their names are Charles Mc-
Fadden and rank Wilson.
The officers were notified by a woman
that two men had driven up In a wagon
to the warehouse of Stevens, Arnhold &
Co., Stanford and Townsend streets, and
had stolen two empty wine hogsheads
worth $10 each. Ten minutes later they
saw he men on Harrison street with one
of the hogsheads In the wagon and started
off in pursuit.
The chase continued for several blocks,
but the officers finally overtook them, and
both showed light. Wilson fought des
perately and had to be clubbed Into sub
mission. They were charged with petty
larceny at the City Prison.
Agent for the Fair.
A special meeting of the board of trus
tees of the Mechanics' Institute was held
yesterday, in order to appoint an agent
for the coming Mechanics' Fair. The com
mittee on employes recommended that the
secretary of the institute, Joseph M.
Camming, be appointed agent of the fair
and, in addition to his other duties, to
superintend the collection and installation
of the exhibits. It was so ordered.
Mr. i 'uramlni* will commence active
work immediately. It was decided that
one of the interesting features of the fair
will be an Illustration of the process of
liquefying air, which has been recently
perfected by Professor Charles E. Tripley
of New York.
To-night Professor Armin O. Leuschner,
Ph.D., will deliver a lecture at the Me
chanics' Institute on "What We Know of
the Stars." . Professor Leuschner is di
rector of the students' observatory of the
University of California. The lecture is
free to members of the Mechanics' Insti
tute and their friends.
California Boys at Manila.
Douglas White gave a lecture last night
at Native Hems' Hall, under the auspices
of Cathedral Council N0.,59, Y. M. 1., il
lustrating with stereopticon views the
movements of the First Regiment of Cali
fornia Volunteers at Manila. He was an
eyewitness to all the scenes he described,
and the views thrown on the screen, es
pecially those showing Camp Dewey and
the mango tree near which - the stars and
stripes sent by the Native Daughters
were hoisted by Lieutenant Colonel Du
becc. All references to Colonel " Jim
Smith and his brave boys , were greeted
with applause.
ETTA BROOKE
WILL BECOME
A HAPPY BRIDE
Twice Saved From
Untimely Death.
TO WED FREDERICK KNICK
SHE NO LONGER FEARS MUR
DEROUS CHEESEMAN.
A Rift in the Clouds That Have
Darkened the Home of a Father
less and Destitute Oak
land GirL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 14.
A rift has broken in the clouds that
shadowed the life of Etta Payne-Brooke,
whom Frank H. Cheeseman attempted to
murder last August, and she has found
a champion In Frederick August Knlck.
The first step in an affair that will
prove a surprise even to Miss Brooke's
mother was taken this afternoon, when
the young lady and Mr. Knick obtained
a marriage license at the County Clerk's
office. The prospective bride has just
reached her nineteenth year, and Knlck,
who is an industrious young man of well
to do parents, has just arrived at his ma
jority.
Less than a month ago Etta Brooke,
her mother and a younger sister were
found dying In their rooms at The Oak
land, on Seventh street, from starvation
and sickness. Their destitution was re
ported to the local authorities and Health
Officer Dunn took their case in hand. His
strongest efforts to save the life of the
youngest proved futile, and before the
day had run its course she passed away.
Through proper care and nourishment
Mrs. Brooke and Etta were spared from
joining the lamented child, and the
father, Henry J. Brooke, had fallen
at the hands of Cheeseman seven months
before.
It Is hinted that young Knlck exercised
his kindly generosity on behalf of Mrs.
Brooke and her surviving daughter. A
friendship sprang up, which ripened into
love, and now. In total Ignorance of Mrs.
Brooke, the two young people are soon
to be made man and wife.
"We tried ever so hard to keep our
little love affair a secret," said Miss
Brooke this evening. "You see, It is no
body's business but our own."
"Mr. Knlck has been very kind to us
and he is a very worthy young man.
Though mamma knows nothing of our in
tentions. I know we shall all be happy.
I met Mr. Knlck about three months ago
and we loved each other at first sight.
No, I have no further fears that Cheese
man will bother us. Oh, it was all so
terrible, and I can hardly realize now that
I shall be happy once more; but I'm go
ing to be just the. same, though the date
of our wedding day is not yet set."
One night last August Frank H. Cheese
man called at the -iOme.of the Brooke
family In this city. Henry J. Brooke, the
father, came to the door, and Cheeseman,
excited with liquor, shot him dead. He
then shot the girl Etta, whom he pro
fessed to love madly; and the mother
also received a wound. For two months
the girl's recovery was questionable.
Robbed thus of their main support the
family was compelled to look to charity,
which proved so meager that their con
dition all but brought them to the verge
of death. ■OSBOB
Cheeseman, the wrecker of the Brooke
family, ls now in the insane asylum at
Napa. Twice his trial on the murder
charge was begun ln the Superior Court
and each time a jury determined that
the accused was Insane. Shortly after
his first commitment to an Insane asy
lum the authorities of the institution ad
vised the District Attorney that Cheese
man was merely feigning. Since his last
commitment he managed a few months
ago to escape, but was retaken, and again
the experts at the asylum contend that
Cheeseman Is not Insane.
Should he ever again return to this clty
and attempt to molest his erstwhile pro
fessed sweetheart he will find a stalwart
young husband to protect her whom he
once tried kill.
REDEMPTORIST FATHERS'
SUCCESSFUL MISSION
ST. ROSE'S CHURCH CROWDED
EVERY EVENING.
Excellent Work Being Accomplished
by Fathers Distler, Hild, Mc-
Geough and Cantwell.
At St. Rose's Church on Brannan street
the Redemptorlst Fathers have been hold
ing a highly successful mission for women
and children during the past week. Each
night the sacred edifice has been crowded
with" worshipers, necessitating at times
the bringing in of extra benches. The
four missionaries. Fathers Distler, Hild,
McGeough and Cantwell, have labored
hard and the success of their efforts was
evidenced by the extraordinary attend
ance both at 5:30 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. serv
ices. Their sermons have been dogmatic
and moral, but In each they have shown
that their aim is no mere theoretical ex
position of the doctrine, but rather an
earnest exhortation to practical observa
tion of Catholic duties.
The order of devotions has been: Mass
at 5:30, followed by sermon; mass at 9
o'clock, followed by a sermon. In the
evening services begin at 7;30 o'clock. A
short instruction, followed by the recita
tion of the rosary, then a sermon, after
which the benediction of the holy sacra
ment.
Father Distler opened the mission for
married and single women last Sunday
morning after the 11 o'clock mass. He de
livered a strong sermon on "What Every
Woman Must Do to Make the Mission."
In the evening Father McGeough
preached on "The Importance of Saving
One's Soul." "On Monday evening Father
Hild preached on "Mortal Sin," and * the
following night Father Cantwell dis
coursed on "Death." Wednesday evening
Father Distler preached on "judgment
and Hell."
Father McGeough took the "Christian
Family" for his subject last night and
delivered an able sermon. Father Cant
well will dwell on "The Infinite Mercy of
God" to-night, when one of the most
beautiful ceremonies of the mission wiU
take place. Father Distler will preach on
the "Blessed Virgin, Her Power and Her
Patronage." At the conclusion of the
sermon the little girls will be dedicated,
followed by the entire congregation.
The mission will close on Sunday after
noon at 3 o'clock with the conferring of the
papal benediction by Father Distler. On
Sunday night the mission for the men of
the parish will' open. The order of exer
cises will be similar to the preceding
week. The music to-morrow evening will
be a grand feature of the services. Miss
Maggie Nugent will preside at the organ
and will render appropriate music.
I.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
:'_' ' jj '■'*:' Friday, April 14.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, 49 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 41 hours.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Hall, 8 days from
Comox.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 90 hours from
Departure Bay.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, 17 days from Honolulu.
spoken. K|£Hp_K__Bß
April 12, lat 39 25 N, tone 125 39 W— Ship
Slntram, hence April 9, for Loring
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 14-Stmr Noyo,
hence April 13. .
Sailed April 14— Stmr Sequoia, for -San Fran
cisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed April 14-Schr
Newark, for San Francisco. -
PORT BLAKKLEY-Sailed April 14— Br bark
Dominion, for Sydney; schr Challenger, for San
Pedro.
HOTEL ARRIVALS. |
PALACE HOTEL.
J A Ferson. Stockton A Fosenot, L Ang
F Lemon, Boston B C Howard. Japan
J W Graeme, D S N Mrs Howard, Japan
G E Bent. London . H Goodwin, Chicago
J McMillan. Daggett F Rldgeley, U S N
C H Lee, Wisconsin E Dixon. Bristol
Mrs Lee. Wisconsin Mrs Dixon, Bristol
F Klepetko, Montana 'H II Dana. Alameda
H Bicknell, England >W Kerr Jr, Stanford
Mrs Bicknell, England 1 J Briscoe Jr. Stanford
J II Ames, Oakland C E Merrill. NY
B Crowell. Cleveland Mrs Merrill, N V
D M Lumard. B C Major Hays, Slam
Master Lumard. B• C S Waterhouse, Placer
J Corcoran, Toronto Mrs Waterhouse, Placr
Miss Coroconv.. Toron J Collins, Montana
J' Beckman, Seattle Mrs Collins, Montana
Miss Clapp&m, Portld Mrs Cavanagh, Chicag
Miss M G Bay, N V Miss Cavanagh. Chicag
S Hellman. Louisville A Maulwal. St Louis
S Goldsmith. Chicago 'Mrs Maulwal, St Louis
B D Pike, Wis x I Misses Maulwal, St L
Baron L yon X Lipin- C Feickcn. Mass
sky, X V W Stewart, S Paula
R J Dyas. St Louis C X Barney. U S N
F C Hale. London .Pearl, US N
G Bradley, St Lake Maj Bulwer, England
GRAND HOTEL.
A Pabst. St Louis J W Taylor, El Paso
W Nicholls Jr, Cal J D Simpson, Ls Ang
J F Howell, USA J P Snyder, Sn Andre
J P Snyder. S Andreas S W Brown. Ohio
A Cronhyotekha & w, J Mclntyre, Sacto
Desoronto I i McCarty, Ls Ang
I Rosenberg, Woodland C Hayward. Woodside
J E Downs, Oregon J F Sheehan Jr. ''al
A Fibush. Oakland Dr X Green. Watsonvll
J M Roberts, Cal W C Waters & w, ('al
J G Allen, Colusa Miss Waters, Cal
G H Edwards, Cal F B Myers, Cincinnati
S M Matterm, Spokane T llaneman & w, Cal
T M Worden, Colusa X Stahlgren, Cal
.1 W Davy, San Jose J D McGilvray. Cal
C A Davy, San Jose C C Basche, Menlo
J G Shearer, Lb Ang W M Parkin. Stanfrd
F T Butler, Canada IC Stephens. Stanford
A Aull. Sacramento PK Gilman, Stanford
J Well, Sawyer F W Buttleman, Cal
W Arnell & w, Ventur W Morrlssey, Orland
W Roylance & w, Utah W Pierce, Davisville
F A Gardner, Chicago R II Willey, Monterey
W Snyder, Colo B W Bartels, Ls Ang
O W Stewart & w, 111 A Pennington. Uklah
T W Purdy, Sonora J M Mason, Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C A Brown, Cal R Ingraharn, Magalla
C Harvey, Stockton F McLaughlin, Denver
F Sickles, San' Joso J J Henry, New York
C Finberg, Fresno R E Coulton, Mexico
H H Craig, Salem C L Mathews, Chicago
A J Laux, Missouri J D Ross, Los Ang
B Stein, Sacto I Mrs F Peterson, Cal
J Shea. San Diego C Daly, San Jose
H Johnson, Sacto
. ♦ .
0000000000 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0!
* BRER RABBIT, * j
0 "Bom an' Bred in the "Briar & '
« Patch," v I
# Begins His Further Adventures 0
0 ' Under B '
& Joel Chandler Harris' Guidance *j*
~; In Next Sunday's Call. w
0 *-■*
00 0 0 000000000 00 0 0
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
street? ; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. »
Called meeting THIS ( SATI ".It- _S\_
DAY) AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock. SLJ«
Third degrees. I^F >
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. i» a.
•O. F. — officers and the funeral yT
committee of the above encampment _/\
are hereby notified to assemble at Odd ' »
Fellows' Hall, cor. Market and Seventh sts.,
on SUNDAY, April 16, at 1:30 o'clock p. m ,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, NIC HEITMANN, P. Oh P.
By order ■ ('HAS. QUAST,
Financial Scribe.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. -^ffil_>
0. F.— The officers and the funer- ~xS£j_T>Sc =
al commute of the above lodge z 2z%%39g~zr
are hereby notified to assemble at ■•'*'
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Sev-
enth sts. on SUNDAY, April 16, at 1:30
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother, NIC HEIT-
MANN, P. G. By order.
oh AS. QUAST. Fin. Sec.
EUREKA Grove No. 4. I". A. O. D.— The v fl o
officers and the funeral committee of the t-x_i
above grove are hereby notified to as- *- fCn -
semhle at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter St., on
SUNDAY, April 16, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother. NIC HEITMANN. By or-
der. CHAS. QUAST, Secretary.
THE members of Unity Alliance No. 14, St. P.
A. of A., are hereby notified to assemble at
the undertaking parlors of J. C. O'Connor &
Co., 767 Mission St., on SUNDAY MORNING.
at S:3O o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late brother. JOHN McSHEFFEREY. By
order of P. F. MCCARTHY. President. "
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899. Nt eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market St.. In the City and County
of San Francisco. ..State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars (J2.500.000 00). in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to -purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company. •
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st,. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Thursday, April 20th, 1899.
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
14th, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A NO. 1 second girl, also Swedish cook, best of
references, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT, accurate stenographer and typ-
ist wishes position; moderate salary. Box
A 43, Call offlce.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; city or
country; moderate wages; no postal cards.
10 Stockton place, off Grant aye.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
cleaning. Apply at 33 Madison aye., off Har-
rison St., between Fifth and Sixth.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; tine fitter; ac-
customed to good work; children's dresses a
specialty; $1 a day. W. M., box 4S, Call.
GERMAN lady with two-year-old child wishes
situation to do light housework. "Address 776
Howard st. .
YOUNG girl wants situation to take care of
children and assist with housework. Call 19
Verona st., off Third.
LADY just from East would like work as
Chambermaid or working housekeeper. Call
for 3 days at 821 Mission St., room 1.
GERMAN woman wishes place ' to do cham-
berwork In city hotel or lodging house; good
reference. 109 Jessie st.
WANTED, by a middle-aged woman, a situa-
tion to do housework In a small family; will
take care of an Invalid; city or country. 732
Howard st. ;■■_ -. .
TWO young girls wish situations in a firsts
class seaside hotel.- one as waitress and the
! other as chambermaid. Address M. O box
1, Call offlce. *
GOOD girl wishes place at good or nice house-
work: the best reference. 333 McAllister st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as copyist- ex-
perienced; references. Address L. H ' bo*
14. Call office. , ' *" 0 - c
REFINED, young, woman wants position for
light housework; no children: small wages-
good home; references. Box 2, Call.
LADY of means wishes position as working
housekeeper; country preferred. * EMPLOY-
MENT, box 1000, Call offlce.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
REFINED American lady would like position
as companion to invalid lady or grown child-
ren: no objections to traveling; best of ref-
erences. Box '.'73, Call office. '■
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
as housekeeper or cock; city or country. Ad-
dress E.. box 58, Cotatl, Cal.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 ' night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from t.'rry; elevator.
• SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hand.,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.* tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414". O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42H.
GARDENER, Italian, single, desires position
on gentleman's place; best of references from
abroad and East: nO horses or cow wanted.
Address GUALTIERI, 222 Broadway._
YOUNG stout man, Swiss, to take charge of
any work at moderate wages, but wishes to
be free every evening to attend school. Ad-
dress STEINAUER'S HOTEL, 435 Pine st.
BUTCHER; an experienced, honest young man
wishes steady employment; wages reasonable.
Address A. 8., 913% Buchanan st.
SITUATION wanted as cook; hotel or board-
ing house; can cook German or American
style. C. BOEHME. 12,1 Mission st.
WANTED, by a steady young man, work of
any kind, or would like to work in machine
shop or wholesale house; has good references.
Box 993, Call, ,--"v- _____
STEADY reliable American (50) wants work of
most any kind; used to horses, city driving;
generally useful in various ways; reference or
security, Address H. S., box 1. Call.
GARDENER, single, desires a position on pri-
vate place; understands greenhouses; to lay-
out places; not afraid of work; best of
references. Address A. R., box 1, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an amiable and indus-
trious Japanese boy; any kind of housework,
in office, family, boarding; best references.
A. B. V., 1329 Pine st.
WANTED. -Situation as coachman and gar-
dener by a single man; has good reference.
H. M.. box 39, Call.
WATCHMAKER and jeweler, 15 years' ex-
perience, desires employment; town or coun-
try; references. Address G., box 746, Call.
JAPANESE, skillful steam launderer of 3
years' experience, wants a position in city.
M. 1., 519 Jessie st.
AN elderly man of education and business ex-
perience," speaks several languages, acquaint-
ed in California, having a limited annual in-
come, wishes a situation of minor 'mport-
ance at small salary or on commission; coun-
try preferred; good references. Address C,
box 408, Call office, Oakland.
BEING a stranger in the city and a first-class
Icecream maker, having worked ln the East
for first-class firms, 1 am in quest of a job,
and am willing to work for small amount.
Direct R. M. DAYTON, Helping Hand, 643 •
Commercial st.
BRIGHT young business man desires position
as clerk, salesman, bookkeeper, secretary,
cashier, manager, correspondent (English,
French, German); moderate salary. J. S. ,
613"_ Stockton St.
MAN* and wife, flrst-class cook and laundress;
man useful in or out door work; hotel or
private country place preferred. W. S.,
1125% Mission st. .
YOUNG German desires position as collector
or some light delivery wagon work; has 6
years' experience and is well acquainted all
over the city; good references. Box 994, Call.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position in
private family; city or country. Address 2102
Larkln st.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses in private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925, Call office.
WANTED— By reliable and steady young man.
a position as night watchman; best of refer-
ences; 3 years last place. it..;. 982, Call office.
JAPANESE man wants position; who wants a
strong and good houseworker or washing? if j
any, try me. Address Box 970, Call office.
ELECTRIC light and power operator and en-
gineer (late of the Union Light and Power
Company, Ogden, Utah), is open for an en-
gagement. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 1757
Howard st.
WANTED— Position as cook; wife to man-
age mining company boarding house or to
run same on other proposition; references.
Box 964, Call.
HELP WANTED—
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid, private fam-
ily, $25; see lady here at 1 p. m. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, hotel, a short
distance $20; 2 chambermaids and waitresses,
same hotel. $20 each. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES in resort, $20. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, wait 1 meal, city, $20; 2
waitresses, restaurant, $5 week; hotel wait-
ress. $20, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
216 Sutter st.
COOK, small wash, across the bay, $30; Protest-
ant nurse $20; 5 cooks in American and Ger-
nfan families, $25 and $30, and girls for cook-
ing and housework in city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Butter st.
HOUSEWORK, Antioch. $20; Modesto, $20;
Belmont, $20; Tehachapi. $20: Mill Valley,
$25; Newman, $25; Berkeley, $25; San Rafael.
$15; Pleasanton, $30, 3 in family, see lady
here; 10 housework girls, $20 and $2.: 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child, 3 years old, $12, sleep home;
a waitress, $20, sleep home. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. _:
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $30, no wash; a
boarding house cook, $30; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 per week, same place; laundress,
institution, $25. MRS. CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK, summer resort, $30; 3 waitresses, same
hotel, $20 each, see party here; 2 chamber-
maids. $15 each: chamberwork and waiting,
$20, Alameda. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Waitress tor Carson City, Nev.. $20, fare
paid: 4 waitresses, different country hotels,
$20; 10 waitresses for resorts and springs, $20;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20'; fancy ironer, $28;
woman to learn ironing, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
German cook for Jewish family. $30; experi-
enced woman to car., for baby, $25; cook and
laundress, $25, and a great many housegirls,
$15 to $30. «'. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WOMAN cook, plain boarding-house, country,
$25; woman for chamberwork and plain cook-
■ ing. $20; hotel waitress, Nevada. $20, fare
paid. MURRAY St. READY". 634-636 Clay st.
25 YOUNG girls for general housework, wages
$20, $25; also a number of young girls to as-
sist, $15; first-class German cooks, wages $30.
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st.: phone Main 804.
NEAT woman as companion and assist in light
housework; good home; small wages. Apply
at una Clara st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for small family;
must be good cook and do light housework
and washing; wages $10 to $15. 1521 California.
RESPECTABLE, competent girl between 15 and
16 to assist in housework. Call after 9 o'clock,
714 McAllister St.
REFINED girl to mind baby; good salary if
suitable. 1604 Turk St.
WANTED— GirI to assist with housework. 1535
McAllister St.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands at A. CAIL-
LEAU'S, 114-116 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st. .
GIRL to assist; family of 2; sleep home; $6;
• references. Call bet. 1 and 3 at 1321 California.
YOUNG girls or ladles wanted. Apply at ET-
TINGER'S. 723 Market st.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Apply
after 10 a. m., 728 Bush st.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 031 Ellis
street.
EXPERIENCED German girl with references
for bakery. 108 Ninth st.
EXPERIENCED operators on waists in fac-
tory and wrappers at home. NEWBAUER
BROS.. IS First st.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires engagements;
terms moderate. Bon, 6, Call offlce.
FINISHERS on custom coats: steady work.
106 Battery st.
4 LADY canvassers; $10 to $15 per week.
Lower floor, 631 ■ Golden Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED hands for fancy neckwear to
work In factory. 523 Market st., room 8.
OPERATOR on pants; also finishers. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. Powell and Eddy sts.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS ._ CO.. :;<;'.,, Fremont st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED
10 laborers on good, long job near city, $2 per
day; 2 more woodchoppers for good , .'■>. near
city. $1 per cord; 6 tlemakers, 12c each
Farmers $20 to $25
Milker .31)
For others apply to W. D. EWER & CO 626
Clay st.
WANTED- Walter for restaurant, city, $33-
-waiter, hotel, $30; waiter- for country board-
ing house, $25; man to clean around hotel
$20; porter. $20; dishwasher. $25; kitchen hand'
$20; dishwasher, hotel, $20, etc. ANDRE'S*
316 Stockton st. '
MAN to cook for 10 men, mining camp $30 per
month: see party here. MISS D. CULLEN
I, 325 Sutter st. '
HELP WANTED— Continued.
_-^-LVY~F"READY.. ...... ..Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Lahore Laborers Laborers
10 pick and shovel men, large company, near
city $** (_3.y • • •-...■•••*•• •••••••• .•••••••**•*• *•"
For' a "lar_e "sawmill, county north; 10 labor-
ers for the. yards ..-$26 and found
See boss here blacksmith helper
20 farm and vineyard hands;... harnessmaker
6 milkers, $25 and $30 ranch carpenter
Chore men and boys boy tor butcher shop
Experienced milk wagon driver. $2. and found
Buttermaker woodchoppers. . tie makers
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED drygood? clerk; country store;
references required. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st. ___
PORTER and runner, country hotel; cooks, $30,
$35 and $1"; bakers, country; elevator boy,
$10; waiters, dishwashers, etc; 2 camp wat-
ers, $20 and found: ranch cooks; polisher.
country laundry, $50. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Teamsters coast road free fare
2 carpenters, coast road, free fare. ■■■
A gang of laborers for reservoir and road
making work, $2 a day $2 a day
15 laborers for the woods, see boss here, $1 oO
a day, board $3 25 a week see boss here
10 German or Scandinavian farmers and
ranch teamsters, $20 and found; 4 farmers,
$25; 3 milkers. $25; woodchoppers, tiemakers.
3 block makers; 3 splitters for a slats
quarry, $2 50 a day, see boss here.
Turner and band sawyer for Nevada.
Second cook, $60; kitchen hand, springs, $25;
kitchen hands; 2 bellboys, $10; elevator boy,
$10:, porter. $15; waiter, $30.
Bootblack and barber, both for springs.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED I more gravel miner. $2 50 day; 3
more quartz miners, $2 day and board. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED Farmer and wife, $40; starcher,
country laundry; 3 blacksmiths, $52 and $54;
choreman, $20; 2 teamsters, $1 75 day. and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62.
Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2O laborers, short distance in coun-
try, $2 day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WA.NTED— Baker, $40 to $45 and found; night
cook, $8 week; night waiter, $9 week; 2 ranch
cooks, $15: porter for resort; waiter for coun-
try $25 and found, and others. Apply to J.
F. 'CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
TO go to-morrow— lo laborers for company
work, $20 and board; 10 laborers, $2 per day,
near city, fee $150; milkers, farmers, cooks,
waiters, choremen, shingle sawyers and oth-
ers. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
WANTED— laborers for railroad work; none
but good and experienced need apply. Mc-
MAHON'S CAMP, Point Richmond.
WANTED— Boy 17 or IS to do bicycle repair-
ing for board and lodging; small wages; flne
home. Address box A 45, Call office.
WANTED— A man to do pressing and bushel-
ing. Apply San Jose Woolen Mills Co., 523
Market st. . __
BARBER— Good barber for Saturday I and
Wednesday. 295 O'Farrell st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon and
Sunday. 1000 Seventh, nr. Market, Oakland.
BARBER for Saturday. 752 Seventh St.; wages
$3. * •
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 14
Golden Gate aye. ____________________________
BARBER for Saturday. 217 Fourth st.
WANTED— Salesman and repairer for type-
write.; state experience. Apply Call office.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1423 Dupont st. »
GOOD barber wanted; wages $3. 407 Bush St..
near Kearny.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; steady
job if suitable. 252 Ellis st. |
WANTED — Assistant cook in restaurant;
man or woman. Call 830 Howard st.
WANTED— A young man to drive baker wa-
gon. 2125 Mason; call bet. 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.
2 PAINTERS wan.cd. 1620 Turk St.; apply in
morning. "
HELPER on cakes, with some experience.
Rut- Bakery, 836 .-ncia st,
WANTED— A dishwasher. 446 Brannan St.,
New Mechanics' Hotel.
TAILORS — Coat and pants makers wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
Market and Second sts.
WANTED— Good bread baker; able to work on
bread. 1139 Folsom st.
PANTSMAKER to take work out; steady work.
106 Battery' st. ■
WANTED— Solicitors with Al references. Ad-
dress box 1425, Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and li
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
inches and 6 feet In height. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting Offlce, 43
Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.
SHOEMAKER on first-class repairing; steady
work; come early. 2140 Fillmore st.
BOAT builders. 71S Third st. ;
YOUNG men to go to sea, good wages, at
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
TO go this week— 2oo pairs men's shoes, soma
nearly new, from ode to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
130 MEN to take, best "single room. 15c night; $1
week; "France House." 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House." 66I'_ Howard St.; reading-room.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35<- to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis St.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
in' H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 36 Steuart st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW. Secretary.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN' and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, ISS'_ Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms, 1543 Mkt.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863*. Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth.
fcr a room: 2."c a night; $1 a week.
— »— ————————»——— l - _ _ i _ _ _ _ ■ _ _ _ _ . —————— ———__— __»
AGENTS WANTED.
BEST thing yet: big profits; don't let this
slip. Room 14. 606 Montgomery St.
MEN or women to canvass homes with well
advertised special shoes for women's comfort;
great sellers: quick returns. "UNA," 7 Tem-
ple place, Boston, Mass.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
out; sample postpaid, 25c. J. Brown. 332 Bush.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
FURNISHED room for single gent, near Rus-
sian Hill; view of the bay. Address BEE,
.'.".? Clay st.
— . . _j
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market pays highest
rash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining- as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method"*
ELECTRICAL-Theory and practice, con-
"'£!?)■-.*--}• i ec £ an ! ca • drawing, mathematics.
• BLSIN.-.bS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English- 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue fre.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st ;
ehorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
A £ C °UNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system;, sunny rooms; low rates; day,
?"*_ss.*£ - ' SAX FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
FOR use of an unfurnished room a lady will
teach elocution or English branches. Address
box 9, Call office.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical milT
i r f' n?-*.-* I*-1 *-- surve "'- assay, archi. : day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
N £ V , * t0 ° ,ate to set good teacher. Prof L.
_ Merkl. violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. P., and 9M Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fiiippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post a ablest prof a.BUSINESS CHANCES.
WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of any
kind. STRAND & CO., 1027% Market st.
above Sixth.
1175 — DELICATESSEN store: flne 1 and ; 3
/rooms; cheap rent. STRAND _. CO 1027%
i .V.irket :-t.
53.'.0— CIGAR and variety store; 4 rooms; fur-
nished; a snap. STRAND J. CO.. 1027% Mar-
ket st
$05<"^-SAI-OON, opposite Oakland ferry; slck-
hess cause of sale. STRAND & CO.. 1027 _,
Market st.
. J4oe.V— ROAD house: includes valuable property;
a fortune. STRAND .- CO.. 102"*% Market st.
JIBOO-^PLANING mill; best paying on the coast;
full value. STRAND & ''P.. 1027r& Market st,
$;.*>(— -PARTNER wanted ln old-established
business; will clear $75 month to each yearly;
no experience necessary. STRAND & CO.,
1027% Market st.
$200 -SALOON ; 2 rooms; rent $15; pays well.
STRAND .. CO.. |Q2T% Market St.. above 6th.
A— 5450; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin st. ; doing a splendid pay-
ing business: rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. Cnll R. G. WILKE, 9,6 Mar-
ket Ft.
A— $4000; MECHANICS' hotel, close ~ to iron
'foundries nnd factories; kept by owner the
lest 6 years: clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar, etc.;
pew 5 years' lease; always _00 or more steady
boarders; Investigate at once; a genuine bar-
Ka'.n. Call R. G. WILKE, rm, 8, 906 Market.
A— $250; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission: rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. 8.906 Market. ;
A- -illOC; SALOON ln Western Addition ele~
g.nt fixtures; club and ladies' ms; side en- I
tiance; doing a flrst-class paving business-
rent, 523. Call ■ILK »06 Market st.
Ajrs4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
Business In lively city 30 miles from San
Francis..-; clearing about $100 per month- a i
tirst-eia^- investment R. G. WILKE. room ■
.. 906 Market st. j
A-il' '■;. MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
> dollars In sight; patent right for the U. S. on I
A SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every I
farmer of fruit grower needs them; small :
c.st of ::..inufacturtng. Particulars .1 K. G.
WILKE, 908 Market st, room 6.
30-ROOM hotel ln Berkeley; cause sickness;
c—.t sacrifice. COWING A CO., 995 Market.
ROOMING-HOUSE; choice part of city; sick-
i■ ss rause cf ling. COWING & CO., .I*s
Market st.
..: -BRANCH bakery, produce store; sell this
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
i.E.-TAURANT— A bargain tv-day, account of
sic kness. COWING & CO., 9'<s Market st.
; : ' -SALOON on Market st. ; completely fitted
v ith al! modern Improvements; line trade; !
rric-re than worth of your money; without fail
investigate. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery !
In prosperous country town; complete outfit 1
fcr business. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
A-$150; PARTNER wanted; established busi-
ness; $12 to $1« a week; trial given. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st
DRESSMAKING parlors on Sutter st; paving
business. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
ca.h apply to MOON & CO.. 1008% Market St.
$125— BRANCH bakery; a nice place; living
rooms; cheap rent. JONES & CO., 565 Market.
FOB sale— Turkish bath establishment; well lo-
cated, advertised and paying; a splendid op-
portunity for any one understanding business.
F r particulars address MILLER-DERVANT.
Spokane. Wash.
A— s.>'«>' TO $5CO0; partner wanted; chance of a
life-time; business located center city; • stab-
-11 >l ii ■■: 12 years; a good chance for steady .an.
Call at >'" Market st.. room 9. opp. Fourth st.
PAYING restaurant tor sale cheap; low rent. j
"Apply MRS. GREER, 1941 Market st.
•M"OR sale— -Restaurant, all fitted up. with 12 '
private rooms. Inquire at IS Mason st.
HARDWARE business for sale; best of loca-
tlons; fine fixtures, etc. Box A. 42. Call office. I
PROSPECT pi.. VU, off Calif., bet. Powell and I
Stockton— Room and kitchen; renovated; $9. c
$lsoo-*-FIRST-CLASS manufacturing establish-
ment, dclng a good business; owners wish '
to retire on account of other investments. Box ;
' _-S, Call office.
1
HAVE from M 1"".. to J3OOO to invest In some
manufacturing enterprise if eultable. Ad-
elress, A. 8., box 1000. Call offlce.
PARTNER— Reliable man with nail capital
for well paying business; trial. 41 Third st.,
room 5.
$'.75— OYSTER and chop house; flne location; j
nice business. 307 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop. 4 chairs, cheap on
vcouiu of sickness. Apply Call offlce.
GOOD business man can secure an interest in
established paying business; capital required
$2500; saJarted position; references and in-
vestigation. Box '.•'•>"!. Call.
WANTED— Gentleman to manage . paying j
business: little capital required. Box SS'J. Call. !
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
636 Third St.
2-CHAIR barber sh"i> feer sale; doing gcXed
business. C2l Sacramento st.
GENERAL merchandise store in lively mining
town; regular monthly customers; a bargain.
. Address box 578. (all offlce.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
offlce.
SALOON and shooting gallery; make offer; 443
Dupont et. ; trial given. Inquire afternoon 19
r Sixth st
SALOON for eale. 80 Jackson st. bet Davis
and Drumm.
$1200; WORTH $2000— Saloon and chophouse and
cigar stand; buyer can clear It In 2 months; I
full Investigation before buying; owner has
to leave State; no agents wanted. Apply
Call office.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and I
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Height st.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires j
to sell his tailoring business. Including -io__;
"*•> and good will. 340 Third st
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GSU.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 41.'. Sacramento st
LODGING HOUSES for sale.
m-room house ifor oakland,
alameda or city property.
CLEARS $400. PRICE $6000.
14 rooms; 'on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; large yard: downtown 400
. 18 rooms: clears $100; only 300
12 rooms: exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments.. 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
16-room house: clears $100 300
15-room house; central; $100 cash 3')o
64-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY' SIZE OR PRICE call
on H C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. sth.
A— KREDO _• CO **-■- Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
54 rooms; best corner Fourth st $2400
38 rooms; Market st. ; best In city 1500
24 rooms; Geary st : near Plaza 800
20 rooms; best block Eddy st. : a snap 000
10 rrefim?; O'Farrell Ft.; clears $50 300
A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
$250— ELEGANTLY turn, flat; centrally locat-
ed; 2 rms. pay rent Kredo & Co., 22% Geary.
20 ROOMS; rent $60; must Fell $550
21 rooms: rent $43; new; $600 cash 1200
40 rooms: rent SSI; money maker 800
V ]20 rooms; rent $110: good location 2500
MANY' OTHER GOOD BARGAINS. GET
LIST. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST. f
MINNA, 539. near Sixth— Finely furnished
house. 7 rooms and bath; sunny yard; to rent
and furniture for sale; agents need not ap-
ply; rent reasonable.
LODGING-HOUSES— I 6 rooms, $230; 36 rooms.
$500; 29 rooms. $800; 3S rooms, $I.VH>: 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
$.00—25 ROOMS: always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 231% Bush st.
MUST sell for half value: 10-room house: pays
wen. Apply 106 Eleventh st. ; no agents.
5-ROOM house; furniture In good order: will
sell . refe«'.n.hle. 270 Minna St.
____■_—_■_———«—.—— mm c— — — — — ■ c— — —
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $43 50. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
ATTORNEY'S AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
6th fle_or. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
; tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees: call or write.
ADVICE free: no advance charges; estates,
damages, attachments. wIIIf. contracts: all
cases private. J. B. EVANS, 14 McAllister ;
st., room 64, next Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; privte;
no fc*> without success; collections. '-. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckeis building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ; t
~~ STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goeds guaranteed: tel. Clay 26. j
PIERCE-RUJDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5715.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
It*. advance, etc. 725 Market; teL Black 311.
PERSONALS.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 4SI.
"ANTED Companionable woman for very
light housework and sewing; one ln family.
2950 Twenty-fourth st.
DETECTIVE work ln all legitimate branches
carefully attended to by an experienced de-
tective; exceptional references; correspond-
ence solicited. Call or address Commercial
Detective Agency. 272 Valencia st.
LEDERER'S Qulncnla, a perfect hair dressing;
makes It glossy; cleans the scalp; 35c bot.
Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 2*c. Just received, a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st , Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, tai. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 232. Mission st., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every* room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and bag-gage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or sir. medicines; treatment simple and
effective. • 112S Putter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
SUITS to order en easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
IN divorce matters will give full Information
free: strictly confidential. Box S3l. Call.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac- i
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st. |
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices-
sl a week. NY. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.'
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD. !
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection ;guarntd.Dr.Gordin, sl4 Pine. ab.Kearny i
FOLDING beds $8 60; bedrm sets $8: bed loung- !
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th. :
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought '■■
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Fojsom st*. :
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on [
__ - *- St.. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
--_-_-_______
JRESSMAKEHS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
-_-_-_____
SPIRITUALISM.
A-MRB. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
_ free: sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
st.. near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter. 50c.
meetings every night, 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. US Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S. 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023% MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move Influence, bad habits; will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023^i Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St..
between Powell ancl Mason. Her sue. as a
medium his startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press arid public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than hun power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
locking for Important information, and every
reply ls most gratifying: all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage every-
thing, The unfortunate and troubled should
Feck her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladies. 50c: gents. $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR, M Sixth st. Fortunes by
planets; predicted in '74 overdue stmr. Gould.
MISS ALICE FAI'RE. card reader and palmist.
403 Kearny St.; room 34; French and German
spoken.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets, 25 Sixth st, rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153% sth. r. 21.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1033 Mission
it., downstairs.
MISS R. ELAND, palmist and card
reader 110 A Geary' St.. rooms 1 and 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
YOUR fortune told by cards; 25c up; no sign.
527% ' 'St.
MME. MOREAU. the best fortune teller: 26c
up: tests free, 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell st.. rooms 5 and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. grant, clairvoyant
and palmist 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2,-.c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD pupTl~Count~St.
maln". SMS Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel White 1571: reading by mail. $1. ■-__
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
St.: 15 years' experience: references given.
HORSES.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, 1732 Market St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons., buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
.. I ■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— A fine new wagon, suitable for
wholesale or business house. To be seen at
3501 Mission st, corner Cortland aye.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
" FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum office furniture, store and offlce fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st,
above Sixth.
A PAIR solitaire diamond sleeve buttons for
* $20: cost originally $50. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye.
FOR - sale— Fine rosewood large-sized Regina
music box, and records. 714 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— I H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st
ONE 15 H. P gasoline engine in flne condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 514-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beals st
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving. . mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near loth.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; eaves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES All size" new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacrament. St.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2. $125:
2. $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO.. .*.: Mission st
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will I
fit phone; or graphophone. Bacigalupl. MS Mkt.
EAFES-Bargalns in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost 109-111 Market. S. F.
THE SAX FHANCISCQ CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIOQIN-' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckeis bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled br
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
front $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. &09 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood b 3g.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions. Tree. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. . a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $:,; crowns. $3: fillings, BOc; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental ,
Parlors. 1200 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. «th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 23." Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold. 50c; silver. 25c; crowns. $3.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
DANGER SIGNALS
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT.
ANY SENSATION OF PAIN
IS A WARNING!
Each examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE is duly recorded and ap-
proved by highest authorities. GEO. MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician, Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
1071 V;. Market St., San Francisco. Open
evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy euro for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their \
case before going elsewhere; they will find in {
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $5: no instruments i
Used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re- I
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.,
bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 |
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
st any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
tame day; no instruments used; cure at offlce,
$5; home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else- |
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post tt.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 3 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women; '
CO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228. Market st.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2. '.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods j
of ladies; are never falling and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tansy
Wafers are the only reliable female remedy in
the world; Imported from Paris; take nothing
else from druggists, but insist on the genuine;
in red wrappers with crown trade mark.
GEO DAHLBENDER & CO., druggists. 214
Kearny st. H. L. LADD _ CO., druggists,
northwest cor. Fourth and Howard .-.i.^.,
agents. San Francisco.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parlies
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed, cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; gee us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped ln-
Ftantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to ? p. m.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any ether physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions:
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician ln attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. in.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 408 Clay
st.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
1640% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11", Mason st.
_________ _______________ .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $0
cash and $6 per nth, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Suiter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, fine order 152
3 Kingsburys, used 7 months 185
Vose, mahogany case 225
Sterling, used IS months 270
All guaranteed 6 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
$30. CHICKERING: $75, Hallett & Davis; $63,
Wood worth upright: $100, Rossini upright;
$100, Hallett & Davis; pianos rented, $2 up.
BYRON MAUZY, 808 Post st.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
FOR sale— Regina music box with 30
tunes; bargain. 410 Tehama st.; call Sunday.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms, 1710 Market.
SOHMER, BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
308 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister nt., next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER .- CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old r.nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
~SE\VING~MACIIINI_S.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
__ TO LEASE.
TO - lease — Boarding house, Mayfleld, Bant*
Clara Co. Apply F. BORMANN, Mayfleld,
_____________
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th. . ..... ,;.'J;
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, cellar and yard; rent $9.
32 Sycamore aye., between 17th and 18th sts.
MINNA, 521, in rear, bet. Sixth and Seventh—
6-room house; rent $10 month. Apply 1021
Mission st, near Sixth. y :; - ■'--. ;' ... '.-- '■;,':'"
MODERN 8-room house for 1 year, furnished
or unfurnished: garden, fruits, berries; 1 hour
from city. 115 Hayes st., third house to right,
end of Piedmont line, toward springs.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery- st.
SUNNY' 9-room house at 26 Franklin st., half
a block from Market; flne for room renting;
cheap rent.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms: bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye.. between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TWENTIETH, 3550 between Valencia and Mis-
sion— 6 rooms ana bath; sunny arid excellent
order. vVrC':''
$25— MODERN house of 6 rooms, bath, alcove,
laundry and basement. 1503 Jackson st.
7 ROOMS, $2"; 10 rooms, $35; baths, laundries,
gardens, in thorough repair; in Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 26 Glen Park aye., oft
Twelfth st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED 8-roorn cottage; piano; large
yard; to rent whole or part. 2237 Jackson st.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises. 685 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET. _
$6 EACH— 5 rooms: 2 new flats of 4
rooms; near Thirty-fourth and Mission
sts. Apply 64 Silver st, off Third.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement;
also flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
Ft. near Dolores.
COTTAGE and house of 6 rooms, bath and
basement; rent $21. 1910 Eddy st.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard: rent $20,
~ PLATS TO let.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
EI'DY, 1307—6 rooms; bath; all modern Im-
provements: rent $22, water free.
FOLSOM, 623— Nicely furnished flat of 3 large
rooms; all complete; reasonable.
FLAT— 4 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 2508 Larkin st
LOWER corner flat, 5 rooms, bath: sunny; $16;
In good condition. Filbert and Jones sts.
NINTH, 237 Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15. ' •: -''
NOB Hill; never occupied: all sunny; 7-room
flat: tiled bath; open plumbing; $45. 964
Pine st, bet. Mason and Taylor.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
697 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms; $17. ■>
CORNER flat of 6 rooms, bath; sun all
day. 110 San Jose aye., bet Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth ; ts.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12, $14 and $15; 5
large rooms, bath, laundry. $22 50; thorough
repair: charming location: Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th st.
$g jn— UPPER flat of I rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$21— SUNNY flat, almost new, 6 rooms and
bath. #17 Oak st.
$12- FLAT I large rooms; bath; modern Im-
provements. 806 Bartlett st.. near 24th.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms; mantel; folding
doors. 716 Tehama st, near Eighth.
$7 50—3 sunny upper rooms; 4 closets; yard; cel-
lar. 1008 Natoma st, near Eleventh, rear.
ROOMS for HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 20 NINTH st, near Market— 2 sunny con-
necting rooms; $10; stove, water, gas; single.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Bay-window par-
lor, with mantel: kitchen stove; $12.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; private residence; no children.
ELLIS, 618—3 sunny housekeeping rooms: clos-
ets, etc.; 2 furnished, 1 unfurnished; rent $12.
ELLIS, 1528, near Webster— A rare chance: 4
sunny upper rms. and bath ln private family.
ELLIS, 1620, near Fillmore— Upper floor. 4 new-
ly furnished rooms and bath.
ERIE. 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth-
Furnished housekeeping rooms; 3 sunny con-
venient rooms; garden.
FIFTH, 353—3 connecting rooms, furnished for
housekpg. and water, $13; also single, $5 up.
FOURTEENTH. 129B— Two sunny unfurnished
bay-window housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1210—2 large sunny rooms
furnished for housekeeping; private.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Unfurnished
sunny 3-room suites; with gas range.
HAVES, 43:1. near Gough— Lovely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; cheap rent.
HICKORY aye., 181' near Gough— 3 fur-
nished housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Finely furnished
suites; also single; rent cheap.
HOWARD, Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas. bath, hot and cifld water.
LAGUNA 808, near McAllister— 3 sunny fur-
nished housekpg. rooms; complete: kitchen.
LARGE furnished room, with housekeeping
conveniences. Address 1217% Howard st.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— A sunny floor consist-
ing of alcove, kitchen, bath, complete for
housekeeping, $12.
MARKET, Large sunny front room;
kitchen, folding bed, closet; $12.
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms and other rooms; very cheap.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION. 833— Sunny parlor; housekeeping; $2
week; single rooms, $1 week up.
MISSION, 1142 C fine rooms, furnished, quiet
place, $4 per month.
MISSION, 14358— Newly furnished rooms, with
exclusive kitchen, $15; use of parlor.
MISSION, 1729%. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms: bath; laundry; $S.
OAK, 119 — 1 large front room, clean, com-
plete for housekeeping, $8; 1 smaller, same, $5.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny bay-window
parlors; grate, closets, kitchen, gas stove;
single, en suite. '..".:
O'FARRELL, 1393— Nice front parlor suite,
with running hot and cold water; suitable for
light housekeeping: rent reasonable.
SHIPLEY. 269, bet. Howard and Folsom. Fifth
and Sixth— Four housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children nor dogs.
SHOTWELL, 211—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room. >_. :
SIXTH, 136—2 sunny rooms for light house-
keeping; also other rooms; $1 a week.
SIXTH, 405— A suite of housekeeping rooms;
$10 a month; gas and bath.
STEVENSON. 403. comer of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
TEHAMA. 44— Two front housekeeping rooms.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished; light housekeeping.
VAN NESS, 43- Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; sunny and cheap: from $1 60 week up.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor. 4 rooms; gas range.
VAN NESS. 706— Parlor floors of 3 rooms; com-
plete; kitchen; gas range; bath.
WASHINGTON. Unfurnished room, newly
papered, If; per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT SIOA Geary st., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished. Including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
Funny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-class
ln every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT SUTTER. 717— Very choice, sunny, new,
reasonable; appreciated if seen; investigate.
AT 52 Second, between .Market and Mission-
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur^
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
I.i .MEN 'TINA. Nicely furnished front
room. v- 'ir : ?V V
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. US— Sunny front rooms, $7 to $15
month; other desirable rooms, $6 upwards.
EDDY, 473— Two bright sunny rooms; $5 and
$7 per month.
EDDY. 207— Nice sunny front rooms, with
running water and gas; $2 up. -./';'"-.:•:
ELLIS, 312, near Taylor— Small sunny hall j
bedroom for gentleman la private family.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ELLIS, 321—Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS, 418— Grand Carnot-Nice front
rooms; suite and single; $1 50 to $6 week.
FIFTH, 153%— Suites of rooms for 2 gentlemen
or man and wife. • ■
FIFTEENTH, 1695, cor. Valencia— sunny un-
furnished rooms; bath, gas; adults.
GEARY', 556— Elegant sunny front, back parlor;
other rooms; privilege light hskpg; piano; tel.
GEARY. 788— Large sunny back and front rooms
for gentlemen. $8 and $10 per month; private
family; reference.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1219— Front and back par-
lor, unfurnished.
GROVE, Corner bay-window suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES. 433, near Gough— Newly furnished
sunny front room; bath; rent reasonable.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD, 1052—2 nice furnished front sunny
rooms, $3 month; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1109, near Seventh— Two large
front, bay-window rooms and one small,
prettily furnished.
HOWARD, 1958, near Sixteenth— sunny
room for one or two gentlemen, $8; also small
sunny room, $4.
JESSIE, 365— Large front room, furnished; also
other rooms: all sunny.
JONES, 416— Neatly furnished front suite: sta-
tionary wash stand; also single; rent $S up.
KEARNY, 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
LOCUST, 125, near McAllister and Van Ness—
Neat front furnished room, $1 per week.
MINNA. 240— nice sunny furnished room.
MISSION. 14358 — Unfurnished sunny back
room; $4. ;-/ -. y -. ■'.'-
FIFTH, 132, between Howard and Mission— 4
furnished rooms, front or back, $1 '_."> and up.
NATOMA, 718—2 large sunny rooms; sunny
side; rent $6; water free. ■ , »*
OAK, 3S3— Large furnished front rooms, with
gas and bath; private family.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 760, bet. Larkin and Hyde— l
large, also 2 small; neatly furnished; sunny:
POLK. 1602— or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also 1 unfurnished room.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Incandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: room per night. 35c to $1 60;
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat; baths.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suite or single; $1 up. -.
SUITE of rooms and board for couple in private
family; W. A.; ref. given and required. Box
967. Call.
TAYLOR, 129— Newly furnished rooms for la-
dles and gentlemen; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 311— A splendid opportunity for doc-
tor; front and back parlor; piano; running
water; sunny all day; reasonable to right
party.
TEHAMA, 425, nr. Fifth, bet. Howard and
Folsom— 2 furnished rooms, one $4, other $5.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 8210, corner of Folsom- 2 or
3 furnished or unfurnished rooms; no children.
VALENCIA. 834%. near Twentieth— Furnished
room, with grate, use bath, $5; unfurnished,
$3 month.
VAN NESS aye.. 813— Furnished to suit; $7, $8,
$12; bath, etc.; doctor's residence.
VAN NESS. 813—1 or more, furnished or not;
$7 up: physician's residence.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
BOARD and room for young man; bath; $12
to $14 month; private. 834% Valencia st.
ELLIS. 595— Newly furnished rooms, with or
• without board; reasonable.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
' room, $4 a week up;, elegant parlor suite.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board;
use piano; parlor; phone. 850 Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POST, 009, near Mason— Sunny prettily fur-
nished room for 1 or 2, with board.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK. Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
YOUNG man or working girl can find rooms
and board in private family; terms reason-
able: gas and bath. Box 41, "fall offlce.
RESTAURANTS.
CLEMENT, 8021— 512 per month; restaurant and
bar and 3 nice rooms at Sutro car house; lady
would board for rent.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1085 Market; popular prices.
CHILDREN. BOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
postofflce and cars; not younger than 8 years;
from responsible parties; good care. Address
MRS. F. W., Yountville, Napa County, Cal.
CHILD to board; 1 to 4 years old; best of care.
910 Howard st.
CHILD to board: terms very reasonable. 106
St. Rose aye.; Geary-st. car.
GOOD home for children, $8: infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO LET.
CENTRALLY located corner store; with light
basement; suitable for French liquor store.
Apply DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 30 Montgomery.
FOR rent— Large and beautiful store; prom-
inently located, facing the Navy-yard; with
cr without fixtures: with kitchen, yard, sta-
ble and other accessories. Apply Philadelphia
House, 112 Georgia st.. Vallejo. Cal.
LARGE corner store on Geary st. to rent or
lease for a term of years; low rent Apply
544 Geary st.
STORE, 2 living rooms; good location for deli-
cacy. Jeweler, tailor or shoe store; rent cheap.
2509 Folsom st, bet. Twenty-first and Twen-
ty-second.
STORE fixtures and 4 rooms at 23 Clementina
st ; cheap rent. .
STORE with living rooms; all modern lm-
provements. 23 Clementina st.
~~ OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments. '
LOST. "
LOST— On Mason and Ellis sts., purse contain-
ing $10 and papers which are of no value to
any one but the owner. Finder will be suit-
ably rewarded by returning to MRS. JOHN
MORRISEY. Langham Hotel, or. to the
Orpheum Theater. : .._v- ;
LOST— Downtown, spectacles in case. Return
to B. PASQUALE & SON, 223 Sutter st.
LOST— passbook with The Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of OLIVIA A, MACKLIN. No. 231-689.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JOHN N. WHYTLAW; No. 116-082.
The finder will please return to bank.
STOLEN from corner Howard and Seventh-
Gray horse and yellow rig. Return 814 Mis-
Bloa st. '
_ FOUND. ~
FOUND- Great Dane. Owner can have same
by paving expenses. 1129 Mission st H.
..WICK.
CARPET CLEANING. ~~~
CARPETS thoroughly renovated, 3%c per yard.
GREENWALT & CO., 127 Tenth st. ; tele-
phone Folsom 181; Howard, Mission and Lar-
kin st. cars.' /c r.r
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel.- S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st; cleaning. Sc per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. v*v.". ■- ,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE and lot with 2 flats; 706 Birch aye., be-
tween Webster and Buchanan sts.; $500 down,
the balance same as rent. Apply WILLIAM
WOLF, 321 Ellis st.
IF you have lots In the Richmond District, and
want to sell them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410
Montgomery st.
$1000 CASH; $1500 mortgage; residence;. nr. Cauu
tro cars. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery.
FOR sale— Corner house ten Ellis st. • central-
reasonable; no agents. Box 909, Call office.
$500—75x100; HOUSE. 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
CO UN TRY UEAL --STATE. Z : .'
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts- 2150 acres sola to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-99 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara Count. $125 per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG., 7 Grant ay.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
2 LOTS; 50x120 in all; south of Park, on 7th
aye., bet. X and J; in exchange; house and
lot in Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley; worth
about $2000. Address A. D., Fruitvale P. O.
GOOD-PAYING Eastern property for California
real estate, stock land preferred; table board
for groceries : table board for piano. 712
Eleventh St.. Oakland. _^
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED House of 6 rooms, with 3 or 4 acres
of land with fruit trees and vegetable garden
around San Leandro, Haywards, Frultvale.
Apply Call Office _^^
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, planes, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a. whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be watted upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save in-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery St.
MONEY to loan ßeal estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc Harper & Krelger.3l2 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3000— Two 5-room cottages ln Livermore, with
block of land, barn, chicken houses, orchard;
all clear; to exchange for Oakland or Ala-
meda property. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1383
Fifth aye.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
FOR rent— Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board, at the Ftfth-ave. Boarding
House, 1379 Fifth avenue, corner Eighteenth
St., East Oakland; convenient to electric
cars: terms very reasonable. MRS. VIC-
TORIA McDONALD.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
5-ROOM house; lot 50x130.
$1900 — Modern house of 5 rooms; lot 40x130.
$7500— Lot; San Antonio .aye. ; 140x150; highly
Improved.
$10.000— Central aye.; 75x150; elegant house, 10
rooms. <
We offer a special bargain in lot 50x150, first-
class location, $1250, or will build house to suit.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to rent.
E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park St., Alameda.
FOR sale— House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 35x115.
Apply 1825 Pacific aye., Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain— Almost new house of
7 rooms and bath; 2 blocks from depot; street
work done; faces west; fine view of bay and
hills; only $250 down and $17 50 per month
0. O. MAY <t- CO.. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
___________________
LEGAL NOTICES.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco,
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 16, 1880,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St.. on MONDAY, May 15, 1899, at 1" o'clock
a. m.. sundry articles of Stolen, l"st and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an inventory
thereof on file ln the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consists of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
1. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
CUSTOM HOUSE, San Francisco, April 1, 1899
Notice — goods remaining one year In
bonded warehouse will be sold at public
auction at the United States Appraiser's
store on the 24th day of April, 1899, at 11
o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be
had at the Custom House on April 17, or at
time and place of sale.
JOHN P JACKSON. Collector.
"marriage LICENSES. -
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edward L. Storm and Selma J. Andersen.. 2S-2S
Patrick H. Shanly and Josephine Peterson. 4s-37
John Delaney and Annie Long 59-45
A. S. Gardiner and Maria E. Chatham 27-27
John C, H. Philippsen and Margarethe E.
Menckheim 51-40
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOHN— In this city. April 11, 1899, to the wife
of E. M. Bohn, a son.
DODGE— In this city, to the wife of O. A.
Dodge, a daughter.
FLOUD— this city. April 4, 1599, to the wife
of J. R. Floud, a daughter.
MCCARTHY— In this city, April 8. 1899, to the
wife of Pete McCarthy, a son.
MARIANI— In this city, April 13, 1599, to the
wife of Stephen Marian!, a daughter.
RICHARDS— In this city, April 13, 1599, to the
wife of D. B. Richards, a son.
______ __________ _____
married"
HAY-SPUTE— In this city. April 11. 1899, by
the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., Daniel G.
Hay and Mrs. Lena Spute, both of San Fran-
cisco.
KEED— TSCHURNER— In this city, April 11,
1899, by the Rev. Frederic C. Lee, pastor of
the California-street M. E. Church. Fred-
erick A. Reed and Philomena Tschurner, both
of San Francisco.
_____ _ DIED. *~~ ~'~~
Ayers, Ellen McShefferey, John
Ah Bow Magee, Miss Rose
Brown, William A. Martin, Sidney A.
Bruce, S. C. ■■ ■ Meyers, Jacvliiel
Burke, William F. Moraga, Gilbert H.
Chamberlain. Walter Oliva, Catherine
Crysler. V. "W. Overgard. Ulrika
Fitzpatrick, Thomas Reed, George
Heitmann, Nichola. Rines. Joshua R.
Johnston. William Rlppe, Emma
, Jones, Emma O. Smith, Duncan H.
Kunst, August P. Tallman, Marcella
. McCormick, Margaret Tlndal, James S.
McLeod, Daniel Winberg, John
AVERS— In this 'city. April 13, 1899, Ellen
Ayers (nee Clifford), a native of the parish
of Keel, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 47 years. |
E*FFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, om the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
AH BOW— the City and County Hospital,
April 14, 1899, Ah Bow, a native of China,
aged 25 years.
BROWN— In this city, April 14. 1899, William
Alx., beloved husband of Mary Ellen Brown,
and uncle ci Lulu C. Gardner, a native of
Cambridge, Md., aged 62 years.-
(CFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 915 Powell street, thence to Bethel A.
M. K. Church. Powell street, between Jack-
son and Pacific, where the services will be
held. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BRUCE— this city, April 1-1. 1899, at St.
Mary's Hospital. S. C. Bruce, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 72 years.
BURKE— In this city, April 14, 1899. William
P., son of Ann and the late Thomas Burke,
and brother of Thomas W., John J., James
C, Annie and Mary Burke and Mrs. J. F.
Brennan, a native of San Francisco, aged
31 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited p. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33S Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his semi, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CHAMBERLAIN— In this city, April 14. 1899,
Walter C. Chamberlain, a native of Canada,
aged 32 years.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission
street.
! CRYSLER— In Oakland. V. W. Crysler, a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 31 years. (Detroit
papers please copy.)
(£*"?■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, under the auspices of
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. E.
No flowers.
FITZPATRICK— In the City and County Hos-
pital, April 14. 1899, Thomas Fitzpatrick. a
native of Scotland, aged 34 years.
FORAN— In this city, April 14, 1899, Patrick.
beloved husband of the late Catherine Foran,
a native of County Wexford. Ireland, aged 80
years 10 months and 14 days.
HEITMANN— this city, April 12. 1899. Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Maria Heitmann, and
uncle of Mrs. Finck anil John and Henry
Heltmann. a native of Elmshorn, Holstein,
Germany, aged 75 years 3 months and 29 days.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O.
0. F. ; Walhalla Encampment No. 7; Eureka
Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D., and Walhalla Ge-
sung Verein.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, where funeral services will be held, un-
der the auspices at Harmony Lodge No. 13.
1. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral pari. of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
JOHNSTON— At Halfmoon Bay, April 14. 1*99,
William Johnston, beloved father of Petra,
Thomas O. William R . Harry. Charles and
Edward Johnston, and brother of Thomas
and Isabella Johnston, a native of Pittsburg,
Pa., aged 74 years.
CTFuneral services at his late residence at
Halfmoon Bay to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock.
JONES— In this city. April 13, 1599. Emma
Oakley Jones, wife of the late Charles Jones,
mother of Charles J. Jones, and grandmother
of Charles R. Jones and Mrs. J. B. Horn, a
native of Shershlll, Staffordshire. England,
aged 77 years 11 months and 11 days.
KINST— this city, April 14. 1899, August P.,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Kunst,
father of Maria A. Kunst, and brother of
Mrs. H. Kradet, Henry Kunst and Mrs. Dr.
Julius Voge, a native of Kappeln, Holstein,
Germany, aged 43 years 4 months and 3 days.
A member of Court Hubertus No. 15, F. of
A., and Retail Grocers' Protective Union.
(tTTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In this city, April 13. 1899, Mar-
garet M., dearly beloved wife of Patrick Mc-
Cormick. and devoted mother of Mrs. Val A.
King, John J. McCormick and the late Mrs.
Nellie F. Exelby, a native of Sligo, Ireland,
aged 49 years.
__TFriencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 907 Illinois street. Potrero. thence to
St. Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McLEOD— Entered into rest. April 13. 1899,
Daniel McLeod. father of Mrs. William Mc-
Dowell, Mrs. A. C. Shelton of Petaluma and
Mr. Daniel McLeod of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, aged 89 years and 8 days.
(Petaluma papers please copy.)
(CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Grace Church, corner
Stockton and California streets. Interment
private.
McPHEFFEREY-In this city. April 14, 1899,
John, beloved son of Sarah and the late Wil-
liam McShefferey, a native of County Done-
gal. Ireland, aged 21 years.
C_FThe funeral will take place to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
Of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGEE— this city. April 14. 1899, at Our
Ladies' Home, Miss Rose Magee, a native of
County Meath. Ireland, aged 71 years.
MARTIN— In Los Angeles. April 12. 1899, Sidney
A., dearly beloved husband of May Martin,
beloved father of Edgar Martin, son-in-law
of Mrs. Kate Johnson, brother-in-law of
Thomas and Samuel Johnson, and son of
Samuel and Mary F. Martin of Carrolton.
Mo., a n.tlve of Teswell County, Va.. aged 32
years. (Carrolton, Mo., papers please copy.)
(C-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square. Inter-
ment Laurel. Hill Cemetery.
MEYERS— this city, of apoplexy. Jachiel,
beloved husband of Sarah Meyers, and father
of Lydia, Edna, Clarence. Renia. Gertrude
and the late Harold and Alma Meyers, a na-
tive Of Lessen, Germany, aged 51 years 5
months and 12 days.
O. C. F.— Officers and members of Crystal
Council No. 4. O. C. F., are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late friend. J Mey-
ers. E. P. FIGEL, Councilor.
M. H. ATKINSON. Secretary.
MORAGA— Oakland, April 13, 1899, Gilbert
H., dearly beloved husband of May Moraga,
father of William H. Moraga, and brother of
Mrs. C. Briones, Mrs. G. Briones. Mrs. N. J.
Pa.-heco and G. V., J. B. and the late J. J.
Moraga. a native of Moraga Valley. Contra
Costa County, Cal., aged 33 years 4 months
and 11 days.
OLIVA— In this city, April 12, 1899, Catherine,
dearly beloved wife of the late Andrew Oliva.
and mother of the late Sebastian Oliva and
of Luigi. John F. and Joseph Oliva, Mrs. G.
Civeriale and Mrs. G. Cereghlno, a native of
Genoa, Italy, aged 75 years 5 months and
26 days.
C.""- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the Italian Church of Sts. Peter and Paul,
corner Dupont and Filbert streets. At 10
o'clock on same day a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery- Please
emit flowers.
OA ERGARD— In Mojave. Cal.. April 14. 1899.
Ulrika, eldest and dearly beloved daughter of
the late Engual and Alida Overgard. and sis-
ter of Ida and Engual Overgard, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years.
REED— the City and County Hospital,
April 14. 1899. George Reed, a native of Eng-
land, aged 57 years.
RINKS— this city, April 11, 1899, Joshua R.,
dearly beloved husband of Annie M. Rines.
son of Mrs. B. R. Rines. and brother of John
and Dr. Charles H. Rines. Mrs. L. A. R. Mil-
ler, Mrs. J. Leffing and Amy Rines, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 63 years 11 months and
5 days. A member of Apollo Lodge No. 123.
I. O. O. F., San Francisco Letter Carriers'
Mutual Aid Association, and Independent
Benevolent Association. (Halifax. Nova Sco-
tia, and Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets.
1 where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Apollo Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F.
i Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric funeral car from Fourteenth and Mission
streets at 2:45 o'clock.
RIPPE— this city, April 13, 1899, Emma, be-
loved wife of Henry Rlppe. mother of Joel
Rlppe and infant babe, sister of Pete. Carl,
Andrew, Hanna, Pernilla and Marie Johnson,
and daughter of Sirs. C. Johnson, a native of
Sweden, aged 23 years 8 months and 14 days.
CFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully- ir.vited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday). at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 210 Indiana street, between Mariposa
and Solano, Potrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. April 14. 1899, Duncan H.
- Smith, a native of Canada, aged 58 years.
TALLMAN— In this city, April 13. 1899, Mar-
cella, beloved wife of Harry Tallman. and
daughter of Peter and Marguerite McMahon.
a native of San Francisco, aged 33. years 3
months and "16 days.
UriTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock,- from the parlors of
H F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TINDAL— Los Angeles, Cal., April 11, 1899,
James S. Tlndal, brother of the late George
\|,'. Tyndal, - a native of Scotland, aged 47
years
[-_r interment this day (Saturday), at Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland, Cal.
WINBERG— In this city. April 13. 1899, John
Winberg, a native of Sweden, aged 51 years
and 6 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERSL
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School*
Telephone South 80.
1 ■■■-■:• .' _■ •....-- ...... . .
1112
GAGE IS READY TO
AWARD BURNS' PRIZES
The Mexican Will Dictate the Dis
tribution of Patronage-
Members of the Code Commission — Losing Gunst in
the Shuffle — Offering Bribes to Secure an Extra
Session of the Legislature.
• Governor Henry T. Gape is coming
to this city to do practical politics. That
Is to say, the chief executive is coming
to allot the leaves' and fishes of political
triumph as Dan Burns and William F. j
Herrin shall Instruct him. Gage will '
simply be an official distributing agent,
acting under the authority of his super- ,
iors. As they dictate Gage will obey.
In th.-- selection of certain officers the
.Southern Pacific Company has at stake
more than one Important Interest which
William F. Herrin will not see neg
lected. The Governor will therefore
lend a listening ear and an obedient
pen. Then the wheels of the Burns
machine must be kept moving, and
Governor Gage will provide the cdl of
patronage. It cost something in money
and more in promises for the Mexican
to maintain his body guards, hired loaf
ers, touts and "boosters" at Sacra
mento. Not one of these rag-tag of
politics but wants a position, and at
the dictation of Burns the Governor of
California will supply the want.
This is practical politics as the spoils
man understands the game, and Gage
Is eminently practical. He has recov
ered from the mental strain of execu
tive duties and is expected to arrive ln
this city perhaps to-day. The Mexi
can's army of parasites is pruning It
self for the attack and It is said that
Burns has already distributed the pa
tronage. All that remains now for him
to do is to place a pen ln the willing
fingers of the Governor.
It is understood that the Governor's
visit to this city will mean the appoint
ment of a State Code Commission and
a new Board of Health for San Fran
cisco. More important than both, par
haps, will be the discussion of an extra
session of the Legislature. Burns takes
his defeat for the United States Sen
atorship bitterly and would make the
name of Gage more than it is a word
of reproach in California if the Gov
ernor would call an extra session and
permit the Mexican again to weight the
Republican party with scandal and dis
honor.
It ls understood that the Governor
will appoint ex-Supreme Justice W. C.
Van Fleet, H. V. Morehouse and G. W.
Denis as members of the new Code
Commission to succeed Bulla, Cami
netti and Shanahan. Two of these
men are well known to the people of
the State. The third is George W.
Denis, an associate and close personal
friend of Gage. Mr. Denis first came
prominently into public notice when he
was employed to argue to the Governor
certain reasons why certain measures
should receive the gubernatorial sig
nature. On these occasions Mr. Denis
was possessed of very marked elo
quence.
It is politically significant that Sen
ator Bulla will not be re-appointed a
member of the Code Commission. To j
those that know the relations existing j
between Governor Gage and Dan Burns
the affair Is not surprising. Governor
Gage is simply punishing Bulla for an
offense given to the Mexican. One of
the promises made by Burns during his
Senatorial fiasco was that he would
reward his friends and punish his ene
mies. State patronage was offered to j
those that supported him and political j
vengeance was threatened to those that |
opposed his preposterous ambition. I
Senator Bulla will feel the weight of
the Mexican's revenge.
During the early stages of the United
States Senatorial fight at Sacramento
Burns called upon Bulla and asked him
for his vote. Bulla replied emphatically
that under no circumstances would he
ever vote for Burns. The independence
of the State Senator surprised and an
gered Burns. "Young man," he said
to Bulla, "I have never had any one
talk to me in this way before, and I
shall see that you do not succeed In
polities hereafter." With that threat
Burns left, but the incident had not by
any means closed.
The facts of the Interview rapidly
spread in political circles and politi
cians remarked that Bulla was some
what indiscreet. A few days later Bulla
warned that if he persisted in remain
ing In the contest for United States
Senator his persistence would cost him
his place on the Code Commission.
Burns has kept his threat. He has
handled Governor Gage as a bludgeon
of revenge.
The Mexican Is attempting even more
shamefully to make the Governor of
California a catspaw. Ever since the
adjournment of the Legislature Burns
with the assistance of the Southern Pa
cific Company has been striving in
every possible way to create a false
public opinion in favor of an extra ses
sion of the Legislature. Burns knows
that Gage will do his bidding far more
readily than most self-respecting offi
cials would dare to do, but even Gage
balks in fear of the storm of outraged
public indignation that would follow
the call of an extra session simply to
assist a gambling politician into the
United States Senate. So Burns and
his supporters, allies and touts have
been working to create a false public
opinion In favor of an extra session. •
Southern Pacific newspapers and
cheap sheets bought into the service of
Burns are advocating such a course.
The railroad wants to elect Burns at
all hazards and is working quietly to
Induce Gage to call the session. State
legislators have been approached by
bribes not only by Mexican touts but
by agents of the railroad. One legis
lator from the Interior of the State was
asked if he would go into a caucus If
Governor Gage would call an extra ses
sion.
"I will do nothing of the kind," was
the legislator's reply. "The calling of
an extra session Is not within my prov
ince. That is a privilege reserved ny
the constitution to the Governor. If
he caMs such a session I will do my
duty and stay out of a caucus If a cau
cus means the shameful result of the
election of D. M. Burns." V.v :
Another State legislator -was ap
proached upon the same subject, but |
from a different point of view. He was
asked by a notorious railroad lobbyist
if he had an annual pass on the South
ern Pacific railroad. An answer was
given in the negative and the lobbyist
volunteered to give the legislator a
pass. The offer was declined with
thanks. The incident is significant, as
the offer was made during a discussion
of the prospect of an extra session. On
every Bide Burns is working and no
comment is being made of the fact that
he is laboring in political dishonesty to
achieve his end. He wants an extra
session, and then by any cheating,
trickery or political bribery to secure
the signatures of sixty-one Republican
members of the Legislature for a cau
cus.
The matter is of such serious moment,
owing to the domination of Burns over
Gage, that nearly all of the members
of the Legislature that are lawyers are
discussing the legal aspects of the af
fair. There is a unanimous opinion that
Governor Gage, under the constitution,
lias no legal right to call an extra ses
sion of the Legislature for the avowed
purpose of electing a United States
Senators The constitution provides
that such a call may be made only to
discuss the gravest necessities of the
State or matters that demand imme
diate attention owlner to the vital In
terests of the whole people. The elec
tion of a United States Senator means
neither.
This does not mean, however, that a
United States Senator cannot be elected
at an extra session which has been
called for another purpose. In 1886
Governor Stoneman called an extra
session of the Legislature to consider
irrigation affairs, which threatened at
that time to bring to farmers loss of
millions of dollars and perhaps life
itself. At that extra session a United
States Senator was elected. United
States Senator John F. Miller had died I
on March S. 1886. Governor Stoneman !
appointed George Hearst to fill the va
cancy. The extra session of the Legis
lature convened on July 20, 1886, ana on
August 3. 18S_, A. P. Williams was ;
elected to succeed Hearst. It is not
likely that this will in any way act as
a precedent as there Is no great or
grave Issue in the State demanding an
extra session. That some of the Burns
advisors understand that an extra ses
sion cannot be called to elect a United
States Senator ls clear from the fact
that the Mexican's forces attempted to
force an adjournment of the Legisla
ture before the appropriation bill was
adopted and thus give the Governor ;
an. excuse for calling an extra session. j
When the Governor arrives in this
city it is expected that he will appoint
a Board of Health for San Francisco.
Notwithstanding the fact that a new
board will hold offlce only until the
first of the year, when the charter will
become operative, Burns demands the
patronage for the machine. He has In- !
sisted that a "programme" board be
selected and that he name the em
ployes. Under this agreement the mem
bers of the new board will have abso
lutely nothing to do with the distribu
tion of patronage. They have not even
yet been named, but their patronage is
already being awarded. They are to be I
simply the figureheads of the machine.
Whoever they may be they will be or
dered to appoint Assemblyman Devoto
Milk Inspector, Mike Dunn Market In
spector and Jack Tyrrell Superintend
ent of the Almshouse.
It is expected also that Governor
Gage will receive his instructions from
Burns to appoint Jake Steppacher Reg
istrar of Voters for San Francisco.
Jake slipped somewhere on the rocks
of a civil service examination and is no
longer Chief Deputy Collector of Inter
na) Revenue. And then there is Mose
Gunst, the gambling Police Commis
sioner, whose term of office expired in
January and who has neither been re
appointed nor superseded. Governor
Gage will not disturb Mose. The chief
executive has received orders from
Burns to leave Mose alone, and the
chief executive will obey. But even
Gage dare not fly so savagely in the
faces of decent people as to reappoint
the gambler of the Police Commission.
When Governor Gage arrives in the
city he Will be placed in custody of D.
M. Burns.
HE HAS MICROBES.
Gage Says He Suffers From
Sacramento Microbes— His
State Appointments.
LOS ANGELES, April 14.—Sacra
mento air and ■■ water have not worked
wonders for Governor Henry T. Gage.
He has malaria in his system, as a
gift for his three months' devotion to
duty. The Governor's physicians here
have informed him that there is no
telling how soon or when the germs of
the disease will leave his system. This
is the reason why Governor Gage did
not take the Owl train for the north
to-night as had been contemplated and
for which many preparations had been
made. In an interview to-night with
the Governor by telephone at his Dow
ney ranch he said:
"I am not feeling well and am not
prepared to say when I will go to Sac
ramento. I shall do so as soon as pos
sible, for I am anxious to dispose of a
mass of accumulated official business.
• I have tried to free myself from the
cares of state and to prepare myself for
the future labor my office imposes. I
have received thousands of applications
for the offices at my disposal. There
are many disappointments in store.
Those who have been chosen will be
made known within a short time after
I arrive at the capital.- A number of
offices will not be filled at all at present.
The reason for this I decline to state."
The Governor added that he would re
turn to Los Angeles and participate in
the harbor jubilee celebration, which
opens April 26, and further, that he
would be in Los Angeles to-morrow to
transact private business.
Mrs. Gage and Lucille will not go
north with the Governor, but will re
main on the Downey ranch until such
time as a suitable house for a Gov
ernor's residence can be secured in Sac
ramento. Party leaders here say that
Gage has given orders to have his mail
forwarded to Sacramento and that he
will go direct to San Francisco to con
fer with those clothed with political
power upon questions of patronage and
similar topics.
It is stated, and the news comes from
the inner recesses of the push, that the
Governor while in San Francisco will
find out from Colonel Dan Burns how
far he has progressed in hi„ efforts to
tie- up the Republican majority in the
Legislature for a caucus upon the
United States Senatorshlp. "Whenever
Colonel Burns can make a prooer show
ing on this subject, it is asserted that
the Governor is prepared to call an ex
tra session of the Legislature. The im
portant appointments will be made by
Governor Gage next week. Three
THE SAN FRA-STCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 15, 1899.
FOUND DEATH BENEATH
THE TREACHEROUS WAVES
George A* Wigney, a Young Alamedan, Perishes Within Sight of
Friends in the Ocean Off Olympic Pier*
Many Persons Have Been Swept to Death Frbm This
Pier, Which Is Supposed to Be Closed.
fTIHE treacherous waves that beat
unceasingly against the iron beat
islngly against the iron pil-
I lars of Olympic pier, on the ocean
beach below the Cliff House,
claimed another victim yesterday.
George A. Wigney, a resident of Ala
meda, while lounging about the end of
the long pier, lost his balance and
pitched forward into the sea. When he
came to the surface his arms were
crossed upon his breast and his eyes,
while open, were glazed as in death.
His companions threw him a rope, but
he paid no heed to their cries and ges
ticulations.
The body floated ln an upright posi
tion, riding the waves buoyantly. The
tide carried It gradually to the north
ward. When near Seal Rocks it dis
appeared from tho view of thousands
of spectators who had seen the tragedy
enacted before them. William Mc-
Donald, who was one of the little
group at the end of the pier, ran to
the lifeboat station when he saw the
man was beyond the reach of any or
dinary assistance. Captain Varney
and his men launched the lifeboat as
rapidly as possible . and rowed to the
scene of the accident. Willing hands
pointed out the course taken by the
body, but no trace of it could be
found and the search was abandoned.
Decedent left his home in Alameda
early in the morning and met his sis
ter, Mrs. Charles Ratta, at the home
of Mrs. H. L. MeKnew. 812 lowa street.
They went direct to the beach. After
strolling about for a time young Wig
Paris Exposition commissionerships
will be among the first named. - ,
It is stated that W. H. Mills wii' li
the chairman of the board and that
Mark McDonald of Santa Rosa and
Ben C Truman of Los Angeles - will
represent the two other divisions of the
State This news has sent friends of
Frank Wiggins, secretary of the Los
\ngeles Chamber of Commerce, Into the
depths of a brown study. At least two
weeks will elapse before the adjutant
general is announced. Should Colonel
George Stone decline, owing to his
contract on the surf line of the South
ern Pacific, the place will go to Colonel
Currier or Colonel Smedberg of San
Francisco. Major Baugham of Pasa
dena is looked upon as the coming as
sistant in the adjutant general's of
fice It is stated that Mrs. Adina
Mitchell will not be retained in .--the
Whittier Reform School directory. The
new president of the Whittier board
will undoubtedly be Dr. Walter Llnd
ley whose reputation as the manager
of such institutions is world-wide. Dr.
Llndley first established the school and
later made it a model of its kind. Gov
ernor Gage is known to think very
highly of . his abilities. ,;;':-^;
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISK? 1*
.commended by physicians for family and
lediclnal use because It-Is pure. ■
DIED VERY SUDDENLY.
William F. Burke, the Popular Young
Politician, Passes Away After
a Short Illness.
William F. Burke, an ex-Deputy Su
perintendent of . Streets, died yesterday
at the home of his, parents at 338 Oak
street after a ten minutes' illness. Death
was due to heart failure.. The deceased
was seemingly in the best of health when
he retired for the night, but about 1:30
a. m. his brother, who occupied the same
bed with him, was awakened by his heavy
breathing. He immediately awakened the
household and a messenger was dispatch
ed for Dr. Reagan, but before the physi
cian arrived the stricken man, breathed
his last. The blow was a severe shock to
his family and friends.
The deceased was 31 years of age and
was employed as shipping clerk by E.
Martin & Co. He was a brother of
•Thomas Burke, ex-Assemblyman in the
Thirty-seventh District, and was a
prominent factor in Democratic politics
in Hayes Valley.
The funeral will take place to-nvrirrow
from bis late residence, and after services
at SaCred Heart Church the remains will
be Interred in -fount Calvary Cemetery.
Flor De Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First class stores have them on sale.
If your dealer does not carry them, send
us three dollars for a box of' twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Dellciosas, expressage
prepaid. State color wanted. Money re
i funded to you if cigars not satisfactory.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119. Pine
I street, sole agents. •
ney left the ladies and made his way
out to the end of the pier. He had
been gone some time when his sister
noticed the lifeboat. She drew her
companion's attention to it and they
watched it with listless interest. Mrs.
MeKnew said the men were probably
practicing, which they did regularly,
and remarked casually that It seemed
hard work.
They had some luncheon for their
escort and were looking about for
some one whom they could send for
him. At this moment the sister saw
a boy carrying her brother's hat. The
cruel truth flashed upon her mind in
an instant and she shrieked in anguish.
She was led away from the scene by
gentle hands and everything possible
was done to assuage her grief.
From the manner in which young
Wignoy fell some spectators formed
the opinion that his death was Inten
tional, not accidental. Persons on the
spot disprove this, and the relatives of
the dead man scout the idea. He
father died at Cnristmastime, and a
sister also died about a year since. He
grieved over these occurrences, but
there were no signs of an unbalanced
mind. ... .Hy.
William McDonald of 516 Hermann
street, with two companions, . were
fishing from the end of the pier and
were eyewitnesses of the sad accident.
'"Two of us had crab nets and one a
hook and line," said Mr. McDonald
last night. "Mr. Wigney, whom we did
not know, came out and joined us. In
ATTEMPTED
TO MURDER HER
BROTHER-IN-LAW
Ida Nolan Shoots at
A. Rosenthal.
ARRESTED AFTER A STRUGGLE
LOCKS HERSELF IN A ROOM AND
DEFIES THE POLICE.
■,
The Infuriated Woman Declares That
Her Intended Victim Was
Conspiring Against
Her. ]J.
■ Ida Nolan, an attractive young woman
of 25 years, last night mad. a desperate
attempt to kill Alfred Rosenthal, her
brother-in-law. Thinking that he was try
ing to turn her mother against her the
impulsive young woman fired two shots
at him, neither of which took effect.
The shooting occurred at 1623 Bush
street, where the m.ther'of the young
woman lives. Rosenthal was married to
Miss Nolan's sister, who is now deceased.
Two comely children were the result of
the union. Since the death of the wife
Rosenthal has been living with his moth
er-in-law at the Bush street residence.
Recently Miss Nolan, thinking that Ro
senthal was trying to usurp her place ln
the affections of her mother, frequently
declared her Intention of killing him.
Shortly after 6 o'clock last evening Ro
senthal was sitting in the dining room of
his mother-in-law's residence playing with
his two children, when his fair assailant,
who was armed with a 38-caliber Smith &
Wesson revolver, crept from her room,
bent on "filling him with . lead," as she
expressed it. Stealthily approaching the
room in which were seated Rosenthal and
his two innocent clldren the infuriated
woman raised her revolver and fired. Ro
senthal jumped out of his chair and closed
the door, before his murderous assailant
had a chance to fire another shot. Evi
dently determined to kill him the woman,
after falling to open (he -door, shot '
a short time a wave struck the pier,
and breaking over it wet us all. Mr.
Wigney took off his coat and spread it
out to dry. A general conversation
then sprung up among us. He had a
book in his hand and handed it to me,
saying he had read it. I was sitting
on the extreme end of the pier at this
time, and he was standing above me
with his right foot elevated upon the
pipe. He asked, 'Do you like to
read?" As I looked up to reply I saw
him lose his balance and fall into the
sea.
"He seemed dazed when he camo to
the surface, and although we threw
him a rope he made no effort to grasp
it. When I saw we could not save him
I ran to the life-saving station and the
boat was launched. The men picked
up the hat of the drowned man, but
saw no trace of him. He was a
stranger to me. He was well dressed
and hardly looked over 18 years of
age."
Decedent was 20 years old. He was
at one time employed as a clerk by
Mack & Co., wholesale druggists.
After that he served In a clerical ca
pacity In a 'lumber yard. He has been
out of work some weeks. . He was a
member of Alameda Boat Club, hav
ing joined recently. His mother and
three sisters survive him.
The day was an ideal one for pleas
ure-seeking, and the beach was
thronged. Children frolicked about in
the foam-girt sea, little thinking how
pi tilt the great body of water was to
persons who were at its mercy. An
hour after the accident the crowds had
changed so thoroughly that few knew
of the tragedy which had made a
house of mourning across the bay.
GEORGE A. WIGNEY.
through the panel, the bullet passing in
dangerous proximity to the head of one
of the children of her intended victim.
The shooting aroused Mrs. Nolan, who
was reclining on a lounge in her room on
the upper floor, and throwing open a win
dow she lustily screamed for help. Po
lice Officer Alexander of the North End
station was passing at the time and he
quickly entered the house. He was met
by Rosenthal, who begged him to arrest
his murderous sister-in-law. ■.
"She will kill me it" you don't arrest
her," he excitedly declared. "For God's
sake take her away!"
Rosenthal, who is a civil engineer, in
formed the officer that his sister-in-law
had locked herself in her room and
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
IBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBBQBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBI
Concert at
Hale's
To=day.
Ferdinand Stark's Famous
Vienna Orchestra.
-
Concert begins at 2 p. m.
Program :
1. March— "Down Ole Tampa Bay" |7. March— Veiled Prophet". "•••
Francis ....tier_en
2. Overture— "Berlin in Joy and Sor- 8. Overture— "The Highlanders _•■•••- •
> row" Conradi J etsch^l
3. Intermezzo-"Naila" Delibes 9. "Whispering Flowers" F. v. Bion
4. Waltz-"Remembrance" ....Waldteufel , 10. V altz— "Emperor • h ' t " u ™
6. Mazurka— "Amorosa" Navarro 11. Medley on Popular Airs Do win
6. Selection— "The Bat" Strauss I 12. Finale.
THE H B DOLLAR GLOVE, a ladies' SOME NEW 50c VEILINGS-The new veil-
2-clasp lambskin glove, soft and pll- ings fast arriving we notice among the
able as a real French kid, the best advance guard an unusually attractive
glove we have ever had for the money. line at Cue yard, comprising: (
embroidered back, fitted and guaran- -_,-,. »
teed, mended and cleaned as many plain and dotted Black Tuxedo,
times as you choose, red, navy, tan, Russian and Brussels Net.
green, brown, mode. fl_l rtrt Black Tuxedo, with bluette chenille dots,
white, gray and black; pr V""" Black Tuxedo, with white chenille dots.
White Tuxedo, with black chenille dots.
1 ASP JOUVIN GLOVE— The famous | Cyrano and Black Alternate, Bilk dot.
real French kid glove, in the newest j Plain and dotted chiffons.
shades and stitchings; grt PCrt
pa,r : *™" Lisle Hosiery for Ladies.
.-BUTTON JOUVIN— Same quality as the r"» " J
$1 50 3-clasp, in black, brown, tan, , BLA ck LISLE STOCKINGS, with white
gray, blue, green and fl»| OK silk mixed split foot, high spliced heels,
white; pair «■»*•-*-■"•* double sole and toe; a beautiful OK q
WASHABLE CHAMOIS GLOVES, with 2 stocking; pair
e r'" ele V :1 or P Par_s Mint embroidered FANCY LISLE HOSE, black boots with
f£k' a pieced chamois ?oap wUh striped tops or striped from top to
prated a washing -instructions 0= C toe;, some, swell new^ color- gg^
with every pair; pair uv ings, pair •
937-947 Market Street.
who tried to dislodge her. On goint, ad _
her room the policeman rapped lor aa
13' MA™ 'a«a7 SS To.ld ed
_3a_MSsssafi
"'•■S&kTIS-"!?* I*l ill you with lead,"
33wsf_jSsa=
__^_^sgfe"S£S3
r.vnlvr>r in her hand- ne P roceeu *...;„
search the room. for it. After upsetting
th. bed and searching the bureau he con
cluded she had the weapon on her. Miss
Nolan emphatically denied that she had
a revolver, but on being searched the
pistol, wfth two chambers .emptied was
found in her stocking. She .at first re
fused to accompany the omcer to trie
North End station, but after considerable
persuasion she finally consented to go
"To ffifpollceman Miss Nolan said that
her brother-in-law had turned her moth
er against her and she determined to kill
. m _c is a Russian pauper," she declared.
"He is trying to get my mother property
and" incidentally to make her disown me
l -r.ou_.ht the revolver with whicli I did
thJahStlngfor $2 50. and as I .have fgted
tn kill him I suppose they will aeprive
me of the weapon PP However, I have some
money left, and if I am acquitted of the
charge of assault to murder which has
been placed against me I will buy an
other Run and go looking for him. The
next time if I fail to make him a subject
for the Coroner.- 1 will turn the revolver
on myself and blow out my brains. He is
a mischief-maker and not worthy to be
called a brother-in-law." ..,_--
At the house where the shooting oc
curred the strictest silence was main
tained by the inmates. Rosenthal, acting
under instruction's from his mother-in
law, refused to give his version of the
•-hooting. Mrs. Nolan, after declaring
that her daughter was drunk and not re
sponsible for her actions, ordered the re
porters to leave her house under penalty
of being thrown into the street.
For Lack of Prosecution.
The charge of threats to kill, preferred
by Theresa Fredericks against her father,
Jacob Fredericks, the expressman, was
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday,' as
the daughter did not appear to prosecute.
Fredericks took the stand and ' declared
that he had no intention of shooting his
daughter because she was to marry
against his will, but said it only to scare
her. The daughter is now under the pro
tection of her husband.
Saver Sale To-Day.
The sale of seats for the Saver recitals
IDA NOLAN.
at the Grand Opera-house next "Wednes
day and Friday afternoons will begin this
morning at Kohler & Chase's music house
and the opera-house box offlce. ! Saver
played in Denver last night to a packed
house.
Robbed Their Employers.
W. Brunlng, Julius Moyse and Chris ,
Ducker, who stole articles from the Haxrvjjjf
Unna Company on Battery street, where *
they were employed, were convicted of
petty larceny by Judge Mogan yesterday
and ordered to appear for sentence April
19. Ella Chase, charged with receiving
stolen goods, had the charge reduced to
petty larceny and was also convicted. An
drew Coleman, the boy, demanded a trial
by jury and the case was continued till
April 20 to be set. ..._" :l
ADVERTISEMENTS.* ,\;
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Are the Old Reliable Special-
ists for All Diseases and
Weakness of Men.
They Have the Largest
and Best Equipped Medical
Institution and the Most Ex-
tensive Practice in America.
They Do Not Ask for
Money Until Their Patients
Are Cured.
Established IS.I.
PREMATURE DECAY,
UNNATURAL LOSSES,
WASTING DRAINS.
NERVOUS DEBILITY.
LOSS OF AMBITION,
SLEEPLESSNESS.
CONSTIPATION,
CONTAGIOUS AILMENTS.
VARICOCELE, RUPTURE,
BLOOD POISON,
CHRONIC DISEASES.
DR. METERS & CO. have been curing-
these ailments tor more than IS years.
fDR. METERS & CO. have proved the su-
periority of their methods and remedies by
restoring to health and strength thousands
of men annually.
DR. METERS & CO. do not resort to elec-
tricity, other injurious stimulants or dan-
gerous drugs. They deem it wiser and
more just to cure their patients perma-
nently.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Consultation and Advice Free.
Also their new Private Counselor and
Marriage Guide. Office or by mall.
All correspondence confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR.
I Daily. 8 to 5.
HOURS. ! Evenings. 7 to 8.
I Sundays, 9 to 11.
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of the Custom House in San
Francisco.
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
Commencing THURSDAY, April 13,
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY. ST.
We- received imperative Instructions to soil
out this unsurpassed collection without reserve*/
Do not fail to attend. Goods on view \Vedne£
1 W. I^UDERBAC^^Se^ 0 °^j