VOLUME LXXXY-NO. 177.
THE NEW PLACERS
EXCITE LOS ANGELES
BIG RISH
TO LOWER
CALIFORNIA
Men in Southern Counties
Getting Ready to Cross
the Border.
GOLD IS VERY FINE
Diggings Reported Rich, but There
Are Man)' Drawbacks to
Be Overcome.
: Plsratrh to The CaJl.
LOS ANGELES. May 25.— The
excitement over the San Rogue
or Cerro Pinta placer gold
mines in Lower California has reach
ed this' city. Many men have already
left for the new Klondike and others
are preparing to go. The Santa Fe
Railroad Company officials say they
have hundreds of inquiries from all
over the country regarding the route
and other facts about the country
where the strike was made.
SAX DIEGO, May 25.— The steamer
St. Denis returned this morning from
Ensenada, and the officers and passen
gers bring most encouraging news con
cerning: the new placer diggings, which
extend along the Sierra Pintada. be
ginning at which is known as Cerro
Finta, or Spotted Mountain. No fresh
news from the mines was received at
Ensenada yesterday, but much has |
been learned from men lately at Cerro
Pinta and in that vicinity. Although
several men of the greatest reliability
have been at the placers and are now
at Ensenada buying supplies and at
tending to other business not one of
t?ir..iTWtaß a word t.i say derogatory to
the new fields.
Don Ismael Sanchez. Federal Tn
ppector of the Colonies, with head
quarters at Ensenada, is a civil engi
neer by profession and visited the plac
ers before they began to attract atten
tion except in a small way among the
Mexicans living in the Immediate sec
tion. He says the rich ground extends
in a northwesterly and southeasterly
direction a distance of twenty-eight
miles, and that the placers have a
vidth of sixteen miles.
The gold is very fine. Assayers 1.
this city say it is excelled by only th«
placer gold that comes from Juaroi
• '-.nip. about fifty miles south of thit
city.
All Cerro Pinta cold received her*
runs over $19 to the ounce, and some
runs *20. When it is known that an
ounce of pure gold is worth $20 67 the
extraordinary fineness of the gold
from the new diggings is appreciated.
The Juarez gold runs from $19 25 to
$2 ' 15 an ounce.
There was a scene of great excite
ment when the steamer Pacheco Bailed
from Ensenada late yesterday after
noon. She was laden to her full ca
pacity, having forty-seven passengers,
about half of whom were Americans
from Southern California, the remain
der being Mexicans, Americans and
Englishmen from Ensenada. The
steamer will stop at San Quintin and
arrive at Ascension Bay on Saturday
morning. By the evening of that day
the miners will have reached the plac
ers. All went in good condition, with
burros, mules, dry washers and plenty
of provisions. Burros are at a premium
at Ensenada, but a supply is being
gathered up in the surrounding hills.
They sell at from $10 to $15 gold at En
eenada.
The wholesale hardware and grocery
houses in this city are doing a good
business in selling gold pans and oth
er necessaries, and one firm is having
made a large number of dry washers
to meet the demand.
It is reported that water is $2 50
(Mexican money) a bucket or about
$1 25 American money. Emiliano Ibar
ra and other Mexicans are said to be
devoting their attention to sinking
wells and hope to obtain a good sup
ply not far from the placers.
Governor Martinez of La Paz and
twenty-five rurales are reported to be
on their way to the camp, the placers
being under the jurisdiction of the
Governor of the Southern District of
Lower California.
The power schooner Santa Barbara,
which took supplies to Ascension for
Emiliano Ibarra, is daily expected to
return with the latest news from the
diggings. The schooner Anita sails
next Monday from here and several
smaller vessels have been chartered by
parties of two or three who will sail
within a day or two.
A Tribune reporter who returned to
day from Ensenada on the steamer St.
Denis confirms the reported large
shipment of gold from the new plac
ers, stating that the Governor of Low
er California told him personally that
the first consignment of $158,000 in
bullion and dust had been sent to
Guaymas to be forwarded to the Selby
Smelting Works at San Francisco. The
gold was taken overland to La Paz
and shipped by the Martinez steamer
line to Guaymas. Two schooners are
fitttrg out here to leave in a day or
two for San Pablo Bay. near the mines,
and cannot carry the people asking
passage. The large copper mines at
Santa -Rosalia have almost shut down,
as their force of about a thousand
have stampeded. Gold from these
placers has been quietly received here
for a year past In considerable quan
tities. ;<■ -.*. <<'■
The San Francisco Call.
THE CERRO PINTO PLACERS.
Map of Lower California Showing the Location of the
New Dry Placer Mines and the Several Koutes
Leading Thereto.
MINERS ARE
FEELING THE
MAILED HAND
Newspaper at Wardner Sup
pressed for Printing So-
Called Seditious Matter.
I r- < - : n 1 Dispatch to The Call.
WARDNER, Idaho, May 25.—To
day the publication of the Mullan
Mirror was stopped and its editor,
W. H. Stewart, arrested on a charge
of publishing seditious matter.
All the saloons in Mullan, Gem
and Burke have bren clossd by the
military authorities.
Four hundred ami Beventy-seven per
mits for employment have been issued
In Wardner. The Last Chance mine
Btarti >1 vii with a small force this morn
ing. None of the mines above Wallace
have started, but many men are com
ing In and they will soon start.
General Men-lam left to-day for Den
ver, leaving Major Smith in command
of the United Stat< b forces in the Coeur
d'Alenes. There are now 325 men ac
cused of rioting confined in the new
prison just completed here.
The Coroner's investigation into the
cause of the death of two men during
the riot on May <i is still in session and
will probably last a week longer. Three
hundred witnesses have been examined
and some very damaging evidence is
said to have been secured against the
alleged rioters. Examination of the
records of the Miners' Dnicn, which
were seized by the military authorities,
show lists of the men who were to be
run out of the country.
MOSCOW. Idaho, May 25.— Governor
Steunenberg was Been by a reporter
on the southbound train en his way to
Boise, and in answer to the charges
made by the Silver Bow leaders ar.d
the L<abor Assembly of Butte, Mont.,
to the effect that four of the Wardner
miners had died since their imprison
ment said that, like many other state
ments made by sympathizing orders,
there is no truth in it; that not a single
prisoner had died and only one had
been seriously ill and the physician in
charge stated he was much improved,
having been sick of typhoid fever. The
Governor stated that startling evidence
was being given before the Coroner's
inquest, and when made public, as it
would be. the world could then deter
mine whether the condition at Wardner
demanded the strung and uncompro
mising course now pursued.
McKinley's Contribution.
WASHINGTON, May 25.— Acting Secre
tary Cortelyou to-day called upon Assist
ant Secretary of the Treasury Vandorlip.
chairman of the Dewey home fund, and
placed in his hands a check from ihe
President, constituting Mr. McKinley's
contribution to the fund.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 26, 1899.
CALIFORNIA BOYS MAY
START HOME TO-DAY
GENERAL KING AND STAFF ON FIRING LINE BEFORE PACO.
MANILA, May 25.— The First
California Infantry has as
yet been unable to leave for
home, owing to a typhoon,
the violence of which smashed four
cascos, which wers engaged in ioad
; ing the transport with supplies.
They will sail to-morrow if the storm
abates.
Tho Filipino Commissioners have re
turned to the insurgent headquarters
to report the result of the mission to
Aguinaklo. They expect to come back
to Manila soon.
Before leaving here Gonzaga, provi
dent i-f the commission, said: "We
greatly appreciate. the courtesy shown
us. Wo have spent some time with
your Commissioners, incidentally con
sidering the American constitution. Its
principles impress us profoundly. The
plan of government offered for the
Philippines seems, in theory, a goc-d
colonial system, but why should a na
tion with your constitution seek to
make a colony erf a distant people who
have been so long" fighting against
Spain to secure the same rights your
constitution gives? You fought the
same battle in America when you
fought against England."
The Oregon volunteer troops on the
THE CUBANS
WILL KEEP
THEIR ARMS
Leaders of the Opposition
Gain a Victory Over
General Gomez.
IT MAY LEAD TO WAR
Old Liberator Thinks He Has Been
Shamefully Treated by the
People He Helped.
Whether their purpose be only to
render a rebuke to General Gomez,
thereby gaining a political advantage
lin the possible Cuban republic of
the .future, or whether they
are designedly seeking to break
the Americans, the attitude of the
Cuban leaders opposed to the old
general in advising the soldiers to
keep their arms is calculated greatly
to embarrass the administration at
Washington, and may lead to the
gravest consequences in the future.
With nar on our hands in the east,
and a threat of war in the West In
dies, it would really appear that the
Spanish war had been fought by the
United States to small profit.
Special Cable to The < 'all and tho New y.irit
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don H'-nn'-tt.
HAVANA. Cuba. May [!%.— The
lisht between General Gomez
and the old Cuban Assembly
leaders is waging hotly, <;^n-
oral Gomel'? manifesto issued to
the old soldiers to-day requesting them
to give up their arms and return peace
ably to their homes will be met to
morrow by a strong manifesto from
the majority. of the Cuban, chiefs urg
ing the soldiers not. to accept of r.ny
of thf M.MO <*•■• ..•>■,■ rt -d f h.v tt no- '/United
States, but to disband ..and - k- ■— their
arms. . .-.- . . . .'■ .: '. :
A meeting was held this aftprnonn at
the home of General Mnyia Rodriguez
north line returned to Manila to-day.
Other volunteers are gradually being
withdrawn, leaving three regiments of
regular troops, the Third, Seventeenth
ami Twenty-second Infantry, to guard
the north front from Balinag to San
Fernando,
In the fighting at San Fernanda yes
terday fifty Filipinos were killed and
many were wounded. The Ameri
can.-- hud two men killed and twelve
wounded.
General I,awton is at Malolos with
practically his entire command. He is
withdrawing to the railroad, as the re
gion where he has been is difficult to
hold during the rainy season. The roads
will be impassable in a few days. As
supply bases small garrisons will con
trol navigation at points on the rivers
Rio Grande, Bagbag and San Fer
nando.
General Rios, the Spanish representa
tive in the Philippines, is preparing to
visit Baler to negotiate for the libera
tion of the Spanish garrison, which is
besieged there by the Filipinos.
David Brown, a Canadian, who has
been imprisoned by the insurgents since
his capture at Malotofl last January,
has communicated with the American
authorities through a Filipino friend,
begging the Americans to rescue him.
TRIPP CHAIRMAN OF
SAMOAN COMMISSION
HON. BARTLETT TRIPP.
and was attended by anti-Gomez ofß
oers in the Cuban army. Strong anti-
American sentiments were expressed
and Gomez was a "traitor to
Cuba libre," and severely scored for
entering into the last negotiations with
Genera] Brooke without consulting the
representatives of the army. His ac
tions were construed by the speakers
as an effort to further his own politi
cal aggrandizement.
Cuban soldiers are not looking for
charity from the United States, they
said, and General Brooke had no rtßht
to ask them to give up their arms, as
he might a conquered army. The Span
ish -volunteers in Havana still hold
their - Mam. -vs. they; assorted, and the
soldiers who fought' for Independence
should permitted to : retire from the
field with their arms. By unanimous
Continued on Second Pape.
He says he is suffering from a bayonet
wound.
MANILA, May 26, 11:20 a. m.— A scout
from the party of American troops en
countered a body of insurgents at Santa
Rita, and the Americans being rein
forced by Rrigadier General Funston
with the South Dakota Regiment, a
warm tight ensued.
A lieutenant and five men of the
American force were wounded and ten
of the insurgents were killed and sev
eral captured.
General Hughes, who has been ap
pointed to relieve General Smith as
.Governor of the Visayan district, will
be succeeded as provost marshal by
Brigadier General Williston, who re
cently arrived here in command of the
troops of the Sixth Artillery.
ANTI-TRUST BILL APPROVED.
The Measure Goes Into Effect in
Texas Next January.
AUSTIN, Tex., May 25.— Governor Say
ers to-day approved the anti-trust bill. It
will go into effect January 31, 1900. Many
inquiries are .being received here from all
parts of the country for information as
to the drastic provisions of the bill. Man
ufacturers of stool rails in the East have
refused to accept cash orders for such
material from parties engaged in railroad
building in Texas on account of the fea
ture of the bill which seeks to prevent
them from doing business In the State.
CHEYENNES
TAKE THE
WARPATH
One Hundred Indians Out
and Several Ranchmen
Have Been Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BILLINGS, Mont., May 25.— News
reached here to-day from the Tongue
River Agency of the Northern Chey
ennes to the effect that the trouble
which nad been brewing- with that
tribe for several months past had
broken out and that more than 100
Cheyennes were on the warpath.
Several ranchmen living in the vi
cinity of the agency are said to have
been killed, and the Indians are burn
ing every ranch they cai- reach.
-he Indian police have been
strengthened at the agency and every
precaution is being taken. Major
Clifford is the agent in charge, and
says the present outbreak is caused
by fancied neglect on the part of the
Government of Indian wants. The
Indians say they are only half fed.
They have been dissatisfied for some
time and it was said have been kept
on the reservation by force of arms.
THE NEZ PERCES
THREATEN TROUBLE
LEWISTON. Ida.. May 2f>. -Although
the Nez Perces Indians have not been
in a state of revolt since Chief Joseph
led them on the warpath in 1877, it is
feared they are about to go out again.
The old difficulty of the Government
taking their land is tho cause. About
200 Indians about the Lapwai Agency,
where the Northern Pacific Railway is
building a branch line, have been in
council for the last three days and the
sessions have been most exciting. No
white man has been permitted to visit
the councils, but outside the Indians
are talking in a denunciatory way of ali
whites and making threats to repeat
the scenes of IS7T, when seventeen
whites were massacred almost on the
spot where the present councils are
being held.
Formerly there were ten thousand
square miles in the reservation of the
Nez Perces. By a treaty made with
several of the chiefs, the Government
took away nine-tenths of this and
brought on the war of 1877. Joseph and
i other members of the tribe refusing to
I sanction the acts of the treaty-making
chiefs. Since then the Xpz Percys
have been peaceable and have risen to
i a high state of civilization. In 1596
j the Government threw their reserva
i tion open to settlement, requiring them
j to give up 542,074 acres out of a total of
I 746.651, all that was allowed them be
ing their allotments in severalty. They
\ were paid a small price for the land
! taken.
Now comes the Northern Pacific
; Railway with a desire to build a line
, sixty-five miles up Lapwai Cre»k.
Without securing any rights from the
Indians, the company secured per
i mission from the Government to build
across the farms of Indian owners, tak
ing such land as it wanted. On the
completion of the work a commission
er will be sent from Washington to us
sess damages and what he assesses is
j all that will be secured.
The company has filed a two hundred
thousand dollar bond and is going
ahead, cutting down orchards and des
ecrating graves, hence the wrath of
the Indians.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ADMIRAL
KADTZ TO
BE UPHELD
The Trouble at the Islands
Will Be Settled in Short
Order.
CLAIM OF MATAAFA
Not Likely That His Men Will
Ever Acknowledge Malietoa
as King.
BY W. E. WILLIAMSON.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Torlc
Herald. Copyrighted. 1539, by James Gor
don Bennett.
APIA, Samoa. May 16, via
Auckland, N. Z., May 25.
The Joint Samoan Com
mission arrived here on the 13th
of May and organized yesterday,
electing Bartlett Tripp, Ameri
can Commissioner, chairman.
Mataata has written to the
commission asking permission
for himself and three hundred
unarmed supporters to occupy
the eastern section of Apia, so
that he may be near his counsel.
He requests the withdrawal of
the English and American sol
diers to their ships and the dis
arming of the Malietoans during
the hearing before the Commis
sion;
The Philadelphia is prepared
to depart for San Francisco. H.
J. Moors, the American sup
porter of Mataafa, has written to
protest against the departure of
Rear Admiral Kautz. He makes
sensational charges of abuse of
military power toward the oppo
sition, wanton destruction of
many boats and villages and
cruelty.
COMMISSION WILL
SUSTAIN KAUTZ
The American Admiral Has Treated
the Samoans in the Proper
Fashion.
APIA, Samoa, May 17, via Auck
land. N. Z.. May 27,.— The first
sitting of the Samoan Commis
sion, consisting of Bartlett Tripp,
former United States Minister to Aus
tria-Hungary: Baron yon Speck yon
Sternberg. representing Germany, and
C. H. Eltot, C. 8., of the British Em
bassy at Washington, representing
Great Britain, took placp on May 16.
The commissioners were engaged all
that morning In conferring with the
Chief Justice, William L. Chambers.
Nothing was disclosed regarding the
deliberations, but it is reported that
they will uphold the action of Admiral
Kautz. the American naval com
mander.
Mataafa s°nt the commissioners a
letter of welcome and expressed the
hope that they would satisfactorily end
the troubles in Samoa. It is under
stood that Mataafa will obey the
unanimous order of the commission,
though it is doubtful whether he will
order his followers to disarm unless the
Malietoans are first disarmed. The Ma
taafans will disperse to their homes il
ordered to do so. but they will never
recognize Malietoa as King and doubt
less there will be further trouble in the
future if the Kingship is maintained.
Only one or two cases are known oi
the wounding of natives by the shH)
fire of the warships, and as the native?
have not realized the strength of the
Europeans, they may go to greater ex
tremes if war arises again.
The rebels remain outside the lines
indicated by the Admiral and have
strongly fortified a new position, whilt
the loyalists are being drilled and have
fortified Mulinuu. A . considerable
number of loyalists have been brought
by the warships from other islands
Half the male adults of Samoa i!
awaiting action on the part of the conu
mission in order to support Malietoa.
The Germans are preparing compen
sation claims. It is understood on«
German firm claims $60,000 and thai
other German subjects claim $20,000
The British Consul, E. B. S. Maxse, in
vited them to put in their claims and i'
is understood that the Commission wit
adjudicate them.
Replying to questions submitted t<
him by a correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press, Mataafa said it was tht
head chiefs and not himself who begai
the war, adding that they did so be
cause they were angered at power be
ing taken from them by violence and
also because they were made angtj
by the Chief Justice's unjust decision
Mataafa claimed he had upheld tin2
MARK TWAIN IS
DECIDEDLY RATTLED
Becomes So Embarrassed Upon
Meeting Austria's En)peror
T^at Y\e Forgets His Speech.
VIENNA. May 25.— Emperor Francis Joseph to-day gave an audi
ence to Samuel 1.. Clemens (Mark Twain), who postponed his departure
from the city In order to meet his Majesty, the latter having signified a
■ in receive the American author. Mr. Clemens had carefully pre-
I a speech in German prior to the audience, but he was so embar
rassed when he entered the room that he forgot every word of it.
The Emperor received him cordially and soon put him at his ease.
whereupon h>' told his Majesty what had happened. The Emperor
laughed heartily and said. "Don't trouble yourself. If you will say it
m English I will translate it for you."
The Emperor talked of the progress and development of the United
States, and referred to the war with Spain. He complimented Mr.
Clemens upon his ability and success as an author. The audience
■ ! twenty minutes, and at its conclusion his Majesty bade Mr.
QS farewell in a most kindly manner.
treaty. He said his orders through
out were not to fire upon the Euro
peans and that but for this order, the
whole party of blue Jackets could sev
eral times have been shot down by
large bodies of natives concealed In
the brush.
NEWARK WILL BE
SENT TO SAMOA
Kautz Gives Notice That He Will
Return With the Cruiser
Philadelphia.
WASHING ;T< »n. May 25.— The follow
ing cablegram has been received at the
Navy Department, dated Apia, May 16,
1899, via Auckland:
Secretary of the Navy. Washington:
Badger arrived on May 13. The Phila
■
Francisco about June 2.1. Commis
may dt-^:re to return on the Ba
KAUTZ.
Admiral Kautz will return to the
United States with the Philadelphia.
The flagship will be replaced at Apia
by the cruiser Newark, which is as ac
ble as the Philadelphia, and hay
■ -en recently renovated is in Bhape
ing service. She started for Apia
about six weeks ago from New York.
making her way around South America.
I on the 18th Inst. from Monte
. I'rugiiay. for Valparaiso, Chile,
and at the latter point will receive her
instructions to put straight across the
Pacific for Apia. The Newark Ifi
at Valparaiso about the end of this
■week, and. taking a few days to coal,
(Id make the passage across the
Pacific by the middle of Jun.-.
When the commission sailed from San
Francisco it was not settled whether or
not the Badger was to remain at Apia
awaiting the convenience of the com
mission. It wa? supposed that the
commission would decide that matter
for themselves; if their mission could
:-cuted then the Badger would
wait. The intimation contained in Ad
miral Kautz's cablegram that the ■
mission may decide to return on the
Badger is therefore co-nstrue.i at the
State Department into an indication
that it expects to make short work of
the adjustment of the Sanioan imbrog
lio. Of course the desire of the com
mission will be respected by the Navy
Department and Instructions will at
<-nee be forwarded to Captain Miller of
the Badger to remain at Apia.
The American member of the Samoan
Commission, Dr. Bartlett Tripp, did not
make any report by cable to the State
Department to-day and all the depart
ment's information of the movement
of the commission came from the naval
cablegram and the press dispatches.
Respecting the reported approval by
ommission of Admiral Kautz's acts
it ran be stated that little doubt was
entertained here that such would be the
result when these acts were examined
dispassionately by fair-minded men of
large caliber, just as they received the
approval of the President and Secretary
Hay after careful consideration.
Imiral Kautz's position as senior
naval officer at Apia will be taken by
iin Goodrich, the commander of
:uiser Newark, upon the arrival of
that vessel at Apia. Captain Goodrich
is hißhly regarded at the Navy De
cent.
DEWEY IS RESTING
UNDER CAREFUL GUARD
NEW YORK, May 25.— A special to
the Journal from Hongkong says: Ad
miral Dewey shows great improvement
already. Installed spaciously at the
Peak Hotel, with lofty windows that
catch every mouthful of wind from the
sea, he is losing the air of languor he
wore when he landed from the Mis
tered cruiser.
It whs rest he needed — rest and cooler
air. He is getting both. Strangers
cannot intrude upon him. Government
detectives see to that. So do detectives
hired by Consul General Wildman. So
dn swarms of Chinese sf-rvants who
make the hotel an abode of dolce far
nlente.
If the Filipino junta ever meant more I
than bluster by thf- hints of assassina
tion, it has been thoroughly cowed by
the British police. Howard Bray, an
English confederate of the insurgents,
has been suddenly stricken dumb.
These people received a brusque warn
ing from the authorities that if they
did not behave themselves they would
be treated to a surprise. The Filipinos
themselves were similarly cautioned,
and are under close surveillance.
KILLED AND WOUNDED
BY FILIPINO BULLETS
WASHINGTON, May 2r,.-Goneral Otis
cables the following casualties:
KILLED, -v
Third Infantry, May 23— Company M,
Corporal Asher E. Piper, Private Guy C.
Whitlock.
Twentieth Kansas. May 24 — Company A,
Private William Sullivan.
WOUNDED.
California Heavy Artillery. May 20—Com
pany D, Private George ("athelin, leg, se
vere. Third Infantry, May 23— Company
A. First Lieutenant John C. McArthur,
leg. moderate; Privates Anthony Brecka,
foot, severe; Charles Diedrlch, arm, mod
erate; Company C, Richard T. Frank,
scalp, slight; Fred A. Baker, abdomen,
moderate; Samuel Alpgren, leg, slight;
Musician William Plemay. leg, slight;
Company H. Sergeant Joseph W. Miller,
shoulder, severe; Privates Peter Higginn,
foot, moderate; Benjamin K. Ledger wood,
foot, moderate; Company X, Joim c. Nel
son thigh, severe; David J. Purcell,
thorax, severe; James H. Baker, thigh,
moderate.
First Montana, May 24— Company F,
Privates Joseph Frantzr-n. chenk, slight;
Company C, — Taylor, scalp, slight; Com
pany G, W. D. Rajmond, arm. severe.
Twentieth Kansas— Company H, Second
Lieutenant Robert S. Parker, thigh,
slight . Company B, Privates Peter M.
Sorennon, shoulder, i severe; Elmer H.
Ashcraft, neck, moderate; Arthur Hol
lingshead, abdomen, severe; Company L,
Ernest Ryan, abdomen, severe; Sergeant
Charlep W. Tozer. head, slight; Company
M, Corporal Albert Dooley, thigh, moder
ate.
THE CUBANS WILL
KEEP THEIR ARMS
Continued from First Page.
vote it was resolved to use all means
to prevent the soldierjf from surrend
ering their arms.
It) addition to the manifesto. General
k> Iriguez will send a personal letter
to the soldiers asking them not to ac
cept any money.
General Brooke to-day approved Go
mez's manifesto asking the soldiers to
disarm. There Vre many indications,
however, that the chiefs will carry their
point as all Gomez's political enemies
are working with them. A refusal of
the soldiers to accept the money and
surrender their arms would be a crush
lefeat for Gomez. He is usiner all
ts to prevent it, hut an intimate
friend of his admits that a majority
of the soldiers will return to their
homes with their arms and without
money.
Poll tit.. ana who are opposing Gomez
say that the general feels his position
keenly and thinks he has Deen treated
shamefully by the Cubans, for whom he
fought without thought of recompense.
The Cuban owners of plantations held
a meeting to-night and voted to uree
President McKinlev to approve the de
orlginally approved by General
Brook.', but afterward changed on the
recommendation of Secretary Alger. '■
Planters, as well as their creditors.
favor the Lanuza decree.
CALLS PALMA TO
AN ACCOUNTING
What Has Become of the Money Con
tributed to Help the Cuban
Cause?
NEW YORK, May 25.— A demand
has been made by the Cuban American
League upon T. Estrada Palma, dele
gate in this country of the so-called
Cuban republic, for an accounting of
the money which he handled during the
war against Spain. The league,
through its president, William O. Mc-
Dowell, asserts that it has trust worthy
information that the funl contributed
by patriotic Cubans and others
amounted to nearly $7,000,000, and that
no "ne except Palma has any knowl
edge of the manner of its disbursement.
Though the letter which contained
the demand was mailed nearly a week
ago, no answer has been received by
the league. McDowell says his motive
in taking the radical step of making
public his demand upon Mr. Palma was
to have it made known to the friends
of the league, who had financially sup
ported the revolution, just how their
money had been spent, and to have the
satisfaction of seeing their names on
the roll of honor.
McDowell to-day said: "It might pos
sibly have been that some time ago it
would have been Mr. Palma's excuse, If
called on for an accounting, to say that
he had used the money in a way that
was a violation of the neutrality laws,
but there is no occasion for fear of
prosecution on that score now. In
view of the complete report made by
the Porto Rican Junta, I do not see
how Mr. Palma can properly continue
to ignore the requests of many persons
who contributed liberally to the cause
and who want to know what was done.
"Some time ago I saw Mr. Palma
quoted as saying that about $1,000,000
had passed through his hands. I think
the report must be in error. The re
sults achieved in Cuba could not have
been approached with any such sum."
Palma to-night said that he did not
recognize the existence of the Cuban
League in this city, and he certainly
should not reply to the communication
that he had received from William O.
McDowell any! A. A. Aguirre, who
signed their names as officers of such
;m organization.
"There used to be a Cuban League,"
said Mr. Palma. "with Ethan Allen as
president, and it gave little to the Cu
ban cause. But my impression is that
it went out of existence. I don't know
what their purpose in writing to me
is, but probably it is an attempt to dis
credit me. They can't do it, though. I
shall pay no attention to them, but I
will make a statement to the public
to-morrow. There is nothing to con
ceal."
CHINA YIELDS TO
RUSSIA'S DEMANDS
So There Is No Probability of War
in the Orient at This
Time.
LONDON. May 26.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
I am assured that China, so far from re
fusing: to yield to the Russian demand
for a railway concession to connect
Peking with the Russian system on Man
rhuria. has agreed, and that the terms of
the concession are already settled.
Big Steamer Shipments.
STOCKTON, May 25.— The steamers
Corcoran, Peters, Garratt and Leader of
the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company all loaded immense Quan
tities of flour to-day. The Garratt takes
350 tons, the Peters 500, Leader 250 and the
Corcoran 200, making 1300 tons to be moved
from here the next twenty-four hours
The flour will be =i part of the cargo of
toe United States transport Grant now at
San Francisco. The Walker and Corco
ran took, down 600 tons last night but a
P'»rti6n of this lot goes to Hongkong.
There is. great activity in the milling dis
trict and along the water front.
Work on the Warehouse.
STOCKTON, May 25.-Wc.rk on the I
crreat warehouse to be erected by the i
Fa-Triers' Union and Milling Company on
the Rfte" of the one destroyed by fire a
year ago will be begun at once. Herbert
Waite Tias jiepured the contract at figures
which are for the present withheld. There
will bo a slight delay until the mills can
turn cut certain great timbers nut kept I
in ordinary stock. The structure is to be
large, substantial und of a modern form
of architecture. It is the intention to I
rush the work with all possible speed In
order that the incoming crop can be re
ceived. • J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 26, 1899.
BERAUD WINS THE
BELMONT STAKES
Big Gathering to See the
Great Race.
FAVORITE GAINS VICTORY
PRETTY CONTEST OVER THE
HILL AT MORRIS PARK.
Half Time Finishes Second and Glen
gar Third — Alice Turner, a Long
Shot, Is One of the Win
ners at St. Louis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 26.— About 10.000
persona were present at Morris Park to
day, the chief event being the thirty-third
running of the Belmont stakes for three
year-olda at a mile and three, furlongs
over the hill. Jean Beraud was an odds
on favorite and was heavily backed to
win. Glengar and Half "Time went out
to make the running. Filon dOr was nrxt
and the favorite last, a length or. two be ■•
hind. In this order they ran to the hill.
They went up the decline at a fast pace,
and at the water tower Glengar was first,
wi\h the others close behind. Clawson
shook Beraud up a bit and he ranged
alongside of Half Time as they went
down the hiM to the homestretch. They
ran locked for a few seconds and the fa
vorite drew out, not, however, until after
Half Time had bumped him heavily. A
furlong from home Beraud was going eas
ily a length in front, with Martin driv
ing Half Time with hands and heels, and
at the end Half Time was but a neck be
hind the great three-year-old. The track
record was broken by a quarter of a
second, the time being" 2:23. Results:
Selling, mile— Fast Black won, Diminutive
second. Northumberland third. Time, 1:41%.
Five and v half furlones— ("arsurion won.
Peace second, Tyran third. Time, '.
Eclipoe, live ami a half furl.mKS— His Royal
Highness won, Doublet second. Water King
third. Time, 1:06%.
Belmont stakes, une and three-eighths miles-
Jean Beraud won. Half Time second, Glengar
third Time, 2.23.
Four and a half furlongs— Fluke won, Pres
tige second, Jamaica third. Time. :54%.
One and an eighth miles— Jeff-rson won, Lai
son.second, Beulah third. Time, 1:54%.
ST. IXtriS. May 2J.— The track to-day was
fair and the raring Rood. Alice Turner with
"Loot Shot" Conley in the saddle, at 30 to 1,
wa? the outsider to win. Results:
Soiling;, mile— Jackanapes won. Simon D sec
ond. Red Pirate third. Time, 1:42%.
For two-year-olds, four and a halt furlongs —
Alice Turner won. Elbe second. Seguranca
third. Time. Sfi^.
Selling, six furlongs— Kensington won. Lov
ing Cup eecond. Sorrow third. Time, LU4%.
Handicap, rive furlongs— Our Gertie won,
Tuila Fonso second. Fireside third. Time. 1:09. !
Selling, fix furlongs— Banish won. Belle Ward
tevond, Eight Bells third. Time. 1:13%.
Selling, mile and 20 yards— Marplot won, In- i
dra eecond. Muskalonge third. Time, 1:44.
CHICAGO, May 25.— Lakeside results, weathei
rl^ar, track fast:
Mil* — Pay the Fiddler won, Chisel second,
KloriSiC third. Time. 1:43.
Three and a half furlongs— Mullah won, Un
sightly seond. Inlook third. Time. :iV 2 .
Six furlongs— Hohart won, O'Connell second,
Pope Leo thin!- Time. 1:14H-
Mile— John Baker won. The Devil second.
Plantain third. Time, 1:41.
Six and a half furlones— Foncliffe won. Lo
bengulu second. McAlbert third. Time, !:J:«
Four and a half furlongs— Man of Honor won,
r>r. Tarr second. Banbury third. Time, :M%.
PHILIPPI PITCHED THE
GAME OF HIS LIFE
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
' Clubs— W. L. Pet.! Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...24 10 .7u6> Baltimore -.17 16 .515
St. L0ui5. ...22 11 .6G6|PlttsburK ...n 20 .850
! Boston ■.■l 12 .625 New Y0rk. ..11 20 .350
i Philadelphia 20 12 .62- Louisville ...12 19 .3*6
Chicago 20 13 .606 Washington .10 23 .303
Cincinnati ..17 13 .566 j Cleveland ... 7 22 .241
LOUISVILLE, May 25.— Philippl pitched the
I game of his life to-day, shutting the Giants
j out without a hit or run. ' The Colonels could
not do much with Doheny, but his wlldneu
and the errors of his fellow players were re
i sponsible for defeat. Attendance, 1100. Score:
' Cubs— R. H. B.
; Louisville 14 l
New York 0 0 6
Batteries— Philippl and Klttredge; Doheny
i and Grady. Umpires — Emslie and McDonald.
! CHICAGO, May 25.— The Senators gave the
' Orphans another lesson in . the art of batting
' to-day, pounding Callahan at will, while Wey
hing was a puzzle in all but two innings. Free
man's homer was probably as long a hit as was
I ever made on the grounds. Attendance, 1800.
; Score:
1 Clubs— R. H. E.
I Chicago 5 8 3
i Washington 11 14 3
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Weyhlng
and McGulre. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
PITTSBURG. May Payne pitched a fine
game, but was put In the hole by poor support.
McCreery's drop of Cross fly in the sixth
when two were out let in two runs. In the
; tenth Payne was touched up for seven hits and
the winning runs. Attendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Pittsburg 5 10 2
Philadelphia 6 11 1
! Batteries— Payne and Sehrtver; Platt, Doug
lass and McFarland. Umpires— Gaffney and
< Andrews.
| ST. LOUIS, May 25.— Perfectos gave
Cuppy miserable support to-day. It was his
' first appearance on the rubber and he was in
1 good form, but Wallace's miserable effort on
' third base In the opening Inning discouraged
him. The Superbas played a brilliant fielding
; game and batted opportunely. Attendance,
4300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. F.
St. Louis 18 5
i Brooklyn 8 ll£i-:'r:l
Batteries— Cuppy and Crlger; Hughes and
j Farrell. Umpires— O'Day and McGarr.
CLEVELAND, May 25.— Baltimores tied
the score in the eighth on three doubles, but
Cleveland -was lucky in the same Inning, get
ting the two winning runs on two singles and
one hit by pitcher. Attendance, 125. Score: .
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 8 10 1
I Baltimore 6 8.3
■ Batteries — Hughey and Sugden: Miller and
; Robinson. Umpires— Smith and Burns. . •■•
■ CINCINNATI. May 25.— The Champions had
all the luck in to-day's game and won easily.
| Nichols was hit hard, numerous long drives
being captured by the outfield. Dwyer hurt
his arm In the eighth and Harm finished the
game. Attendance, 2528. Score:
; Clubs— ' 'R. H. K.
Cincinnati 18 0
; Boston : 3 9 0
Batteries— Dwyer, Hahn ■ and Peitz; Nichols
and Bergen. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
FOR THE SAN JOSE
AND ALVISO RAILWAY
SAN JOSE, May 25.— The Alviso and San
Jose Railway, which has rights of way
terminals already secured, will be built
during the coming summer. An attempt
has been made to raise some $15,000 in
stock subscriptions from the residents of
this city, but it has been rather slow
work, and now comes the information
that work will go ahead. It is proposed
to have the road in operation by De
cember 1. It will be a steam road. Piper
Goodall, Aden Company are the prime
movers in the project, and the road will
connect with a line of steamers at Al
viso. This will give a good water route
to San Francisco. Rights of way were
secured two years ago and rails and track
materials are on hand, but nothing has
hitherto been done in the hope that local
capital could be induced to take an in
terest in the road.
McGraw Is Manager.
SAN JOSE, May 25.— Dr. D. F. McGraw
has succeeded Chief Borchers as manager
of the San Jose baseball team. New play
ers will be added and the teano improved
bo that it may have a chance to capture
[ the pennant
NO COMMISSIONER
OF PUBLIC WORKS
Opinion That the Office
Has Died.
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S RULING
MATTER IN BILLS SIGNED NOT
APPROVED BY LEGISLATURE.
The Auditing Hoard Will Also Go
! Out of Existence if Mr. Ford's '.
View Is Sustained by the
. Supreme Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May 25.— 1t is regarded
here as certain that the Supreme Court
will shortly be called upon to decide
whether the office of the Commissioner of
Public Works has any legal existence, a
claim disputed by Attorney General Ford.
The latter, in an opinion filed with. State
Controller Colgan, holds that the office of
Commissioner of Public Works termin
ated on March 1. 1599, and thereafter
ceased to have any legal existence. At
torney General Ford observes that the bill
as signed by Governor Gage had incor
porated in its provisions the portions
which the Assembly had sought to add
to the bill, namely, the raising of the sal
ary of the Commissioner from $ISOO to
$2500 per annum, and the addition of the
continuation clause, but from which
amendments it had receded. The Attor
ney General maintains that the bill as
signed by the Governor is not the bill as ;
passed by the Legislature, as shown by i
the journals of both the Senate a/id As
sembly.
The question which now arises ie, if the
office of Commissioner of Public Works is
abolished, what is to become of the audit
ing board to that Commissioner? At
torney General Ford had lu-en asked by
State Controller Colgan to give an opinion
on that feature of the question also, but ,
he neglected to do so, and the State Con- '
troller has sent a second request for an
expression relative to that point.
The land owners of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin valleys are vitally con
cerned in the outcome of the matter,
inasmuch aa the continuance of tho work
or. the Sacramento and San Joaquin riv
ers is involved. To the auditing board
falls th(> duty of authorizing the work ,
to be done, letting the contracts and ami- ■
iting the bills. It is the duty of the Com- j
missioner. on the other hand, to determine \
the extent and character of all work.
and have personal supervision over its
construction. What good an auditing :
board will be without a commissioner is
a mystery which nobody appears ready
to explain. The duties of the one are !
.so identified with those of the other that '
both commissioner and auditing board
work as a unit, and the splendid weir at
Elknorn, the jetty system at Newtown
shoals, ant the straightening of the San
Joarjum River by extensive cut-offs stand
as striking examples (it the effectiveness
Of the department as it has thus far been
conducted. Work is now in progress at
cut-offs 3, 4, G and 7, in the San Joaquin
River, and there is a serious doubt if
this work can be completed in the event
that the Supreme Court sustains Attor
ney General Fords opinion. The auditing
board and commissioner have projected
Improvements in the Sacramento River, ;
near the mouth of the Feather River,
which may also have to cease.
SERIOUS CHECK TO
RIVER IMPROVEMENT
STOCKTON, May :.>.— According to H.
J, Corcoran, a member of the committee
on audit to the Commissioner of Public
Works, the opinion of Attorney General
Ford to the effect that the office of Com
missioner has ceased to exist is more far
reaching than Is generally understood.
Mr. Corcoran said to-day: "The improve
ment of navigable streams in this State
is stopped for an indetlnte period. The ;
auditing committee's hands are tied and J
not one step further in the direction of i
river improvement can be taken until the
Legislature meets and passes a new act
n -creating the office."
Corcoran stated that the Legislature at
the last session had passed unanimously
a measure which entirely remedied the j
matter. The Governor's favorable action
on the bill had been lequested and urged
by the entire auditing board and a delega
tion of men interested in navigation. ,
Nevertheless, the bill had been pocketed, j
Corcoran expressed the deepest regret that |
the matter had turned out so unpromlslng
ly, as conditions were very favorable for
river improvement at the present time.
Governor Gage's action is also deeply re
gretted by the people of this city, who
had hoped to see the State co-operate act
ively with the general government in the
Improvement of the San Joaquin. The
State board had much work in view and
the decision comes a,s> a severe disap
pointment.
PECK ACQUITTED
ON ONE CHARGE
Having Only Escaped in the Present
Trial on a Technicality, the
Other Cases Remain.
SANTA CRUZ, May 25.— The trial of ex-
Tax Collector W. E. Pech was commenced
to-day In the Superior Court. It Is on the
first indictment preferred against him by
the Grand Jury "for having In his pos
session to circulate liquor licenses other
than those furnished by the County Au
ditor." By noon eleven jurors had been
secured and shortly after the opening of
the afternoon session the witnesses were
examined.
After witnesses were examined and in
structions from the District Attorney it
did not take the jury long to acquit Peck.
Under the indictment the prosecution had
to prove a law into effect which proved
the County Auditor should Issue by num
bering and signing all county liquor li
censes before they were delivered to the.
Tax Collector. The prosecution was com
pelled to prove the validity of the ordi
nance under which that duty was pre
sented.
The defense objected on the ground that
the ordinance was not valid and the court
sustained the objection on the ground that
the ordinance had not been signed by the
chairman of the Board of Supervisors,
but by Ed Martin, County Clerk, making
the ordinance illegal.
The District Attorney instructed the
jury to acquit, which they did.
The nf-xt case against Peck will be
taken up next Wednesday.
COLLISION OF WHEELS
ON CARMEL HILL
While Coasting 'Down Grade Stuart
Masters of Berkeley Is Badly-
Injured.
PACIFIC GROVE. May 25.— An accident
by which one man was seriously hurt and
two others badly shaken up occurred yes
terday on Carmel Hill, Just out of Mon
terey. The injured man is Stuart Masters
of the University of California. A party
of college men, delegates to the Pacific
Coast Students' Conference, now holding
its annual session at this place, had made
a trip around the seventeen-mile drive
on bicycles, and reaching Carmel Hill on
the return some attempted to coast down.
Their wheels became unmanageable, three
of them crashing into a heavy tandem
that was trying to get out of the way.
The riders of the tandem were thrown and
badly bruised, but the rider of the fore
moat runaway wheel, young Masters, waa
thrown with terrific force against the
frame of the tandem, striking squarely
on his head. He was brought here un
conscious and remained in that condition
several hours. He has not yet recognized
any one nor remembered past events, but
is otherwise uninjured
FEARFUL TRAGEDY
OCCURS IN A TENT
J. E. Moss, a Missouriar), Murders
hjis pan)ily and Then Com
mits Suicide.
JOPLIN, Mo., May 25.— 1n and near a tent in the southeast part of town
to-day were found the dead bodies of J. E. Moss, his wife, an infant child,
a girl of seven years and a boy of nine years. The heads of all save Moss
had been mashed with a hammer. He had a bullet hole in his head and
still clasped a revolver. He had apparently killed his family, then com
mitted suicide. The motive is a mystery.
The tragedy is believed to have occurred on Wednesday night while the
family were asleep. The woman was in a nightdress and had evidently been
killed before she could make resistance. The girl lay on a cot near her
mother, the boy was stretched across two chairs and the body of the father
and husband, partly undressed, sprawled on the ground. The infant, its
head severed from the body, was found outside the tent, where the dogs
had dragged it. The bodies were partly decomposed.
Neighbors living within 200 feet of the tent knew nothinc of the tragedy
till to-day. A shot was heard Tuesday night coming from the directfon of
the tent, but no investigation was made at the time. Moss had made his
living scraping ore about the abandoned mines, and the tent, furniture and
clothes of the family indicate that he had prospered. The family came here
two months ago and had formerly lived at Butler and at Nevada, Mo.
GOVERNOR GAGE
WAITS TOO LONG
Loses Chance to Make
Appointments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 25.— Fortified by
a research of the Political Code of Cali
fornia, certain politicians, not all Demo
crats, have to-day come to the conclu
sion that Governor Henry T. Gage is con
fronted by a condition and not a theory.
They say that the Governor's procras
tination in the matter of dispensing of
patronage at his disposal may cause
trouble for him and many worthy citi
zens eager to succeed others in good jobs.
Some good lawyers in Los Angeles
unite in the opinion that the patronage
club that Governor Gage held over the
late Legislature is likely to remain in
midair. They say that he held it up so
long that now he is unable to bring it
down with effect.
It is to-day said that the incumbents
of those offices that are appointive, sub
ject to the confirmation of the Sen
ate, may stay right where they are re
gardless of the Chief Executive's desire
to dislodge them to make places for per
sons of his own choosing.
The "Whittier Reform School trustees
may, by simply insisting upon their
rights as denned by law, retain their
places until the Legislature shall again
meet and the Senate shall have an op
portunity to confirm the appointment of
their successors.
So it is with the trustees of the High
land Insane Asylum. These two institu
tions are named because they are in
southern California, consequently the im
portant facts referred to are brought
closer to home.
Those who have studied the situation
insist that the law says that the trustees
of these and other State institutions shall
be appointed by the Governor "with the
advice and consent of the Senate." Wh.-n
the Senate Is not In session vacancies
may be rilled by the Governor to be con
firmed later. But these vacancies, they
say, cannot be made by the arbitrary act
of'the Executive. They must result from
death, resignation or disqualification.
Trustees Mitchell. Lindley and Rowland
of Wbittier have not died, resigned or be
come disqualified, therefore the legal ab
solute necessity for the appointment of
successors does not exist. The same
may be said of Highland and of other
institutions. .
••The Governor held off his appoint
ments to the last moment." said a well
known Republican manager to-day, "but
the last minute was Dot long enough for
him to carry out all his plans. The clos
ing day of the Legislature was wholly
taken up with other matters and more
appointments could not then have been
confirmed. The Governor got in his ap
pointments of Harbor Commissioners and
they were confirmed, but other appoint
ments have been made since then with
out the advice and consent of the Sen-
This Republican found by reference to
the code that even the appointment of
ex-Senator Stephen M. White as regent
of the State University should have been
confrmed by the Senate.
Those persons in Lo.s Angeles that have
either a partisan or personal interest in
keeping track of events as they slowly
develop agree that the Governor's pres
ent dilatory policy in naming appointees
Is occasioned by the realization that he
waited so long when he could have hur
ried that now he must wait longer when
his inclination is to make haste. The le
gion of aspirants for office under the
State Trusteeships are worried half sick
to-day The people that want to be Trus
tees cannot afford to wait until Governor
Gage may legally appoint them.
Grant men and some others that are
not in the Governor's confidence look with
equanimity upon what they consider the
executive's lost chances. They take much
stock in the opinion of Attorney General
Ford that appointments under the law
providing for* Senate confirmation made
so far by the Governor were null and
void and that as there were no vacan
cies by reason of death or resignation the
present officials could hold until the next
session of the Legislature. They argue
that Ford's opinion was really against his
own interest, and must therefore have
double weight. What Governor Gage
thinks about it all no man has any means
of knowing. It Is asserted that since the
publication of the Attorney General's
opinion many men have been particularly
anxious to see the Governor, who has
been secluded in his private sanctum in
the Douglas building.
PLIED HIS GUEST
WITH BAD WHISKY
EUREKA, May 25.— Simon Anderson,
proprietor of the Grand Hotel of this city,
was arrested this afternoon on a charge
i of obtaining property under false preten
i ses. The circumstances of the case are
j peculiar. Thomas F. Kehoe, a well-known
j ship carpenter, had for many weeks been
| upon a drunken debauch and was placed
' in the care of Anderson at the hotel to
recover. It is alleged that Anderson kept
Kehoe intoxicated all the time until h»
was out of his mind, when Anderson got
him to sign a check for $2000.
This forenoon he presented the check
at a bank, but was refused payment.
Kehoe's attorneys, Puter & Rolley, .in
vestigated the matter and had Kehoe re
moved to a private hospital. Last night
the attorneys were considerably startled
! by a summons to his room to draw up a
• will for him, and when Rolley responded
! he waa most disagreeably surprised to
' find his client not only in a most danger
ous condition from liquor, but surrounded
with filth that is indescribable. For live
days he had lain in bed wh.c being plied
with liquor. During all that time the
bed had not been changed nor had he
arisen from it for an instant.
The place was piled about with empty
i flasks which had contained liquor, pre
: sumably brought to him by Anderson,
! from the effects of which it is doubtful
i if Kehoe could have survived another day
This fact had evidently been recognized
by Anderson, for when the attorney ar
rived Andtrson was pleading with the
half-conscious and utterly incompetent
man to make him his heir. Anderson was
released on 52500 bonds.
Father and Two Sons Lynched.
HOUSTON, Tex.. May 25.— A telephone
message from Bazzott says that Jim
Humphreys and his two sons were found
hanging to a limb of a tree yesterday
evening. The Humphreys lived two mile's
west of Athens. Details of the triple
lynching cannot be obtained at present.
PROGRAMME OF
THE EDUCATORS
Work of National Coun
cil at Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 25.— The full
text of the official programme of the
National Educational Convention to be
held in Los Angeles July 11, 12, 13 and
14, as promulgated by the national com
mittee, has been received.
The character of the convention and
magnitude of the undertaking are fore
shadowed in the information contained
in the programme. All the details
have been arranged for daily sittings
of the administrative, executive and
general councils as well as for daily
meetings of the seventeen auxiliary de
partments that cover the scope of
school work.
The National Council of Education
will convene Saturday, July 8, at 2:30
p. m., and will hold a session in the
evening. It will also meet on the fol
lowing Monday and during the fore
noon of Tuesday. This will be a pre
liminary meeting for arranging daiiy
work for the convention. The annual
meeting of the board of directors will
be held at 12 o'clock noon on Tuesday
July 11.
At 3 p. m., July 11, the convention will
be called to order by F. Q. Story, chair
man of the local committee. Addresses
will be made by Governor Gage, Thus.
J. Kirk, State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction; Mayor Eaton, J. A. Fo
shay, superintendent Los Angeles
schools. Responses will be made by N
C. Dougherty of Peoria, 111., Dr. Em
erson £3. White, Columbus. O.; J. H
Phillips, Birmingham, Ala. The an
nual address of President E. O Lyte
will follow. In the evening: an ad
dress will be made by Dr. William T
Harris, United States Commissioner of
Education. The general sessions of
the convention will be held in Hazaid^
pavilion, with the exception of one to
be held in Simpson Tabernacle. Dur
ing the following days the sessions will
begin at 9:30 a. m. and 8 p. m. Thurs
day morning sessions will be held
at both the pavilion and tabernacle.
The programme embraces the follow
ing special features applicable to the
daily sessions:
Kindergarten department will meet at
2:30 p. m. July 12 and at the same hour
on the following day. Headquarters
Bellevue Terrace.
Department of elementary education
will meet at 3 p. m. July 13 and the same
hour on the following day.
Department of secondary education will
meet July 12 and 14, 3 p. m.
Department of higher education will
meet at 3 p. m. July 12. 13 and 14.
Department of normal schools will meet
at 3 p. m. July 12 and 14.
Department of art education will meet
at 3 p. m. July 12 and 13.
Department of manual and industrial
education will meet on the afternoons of
July 12 and 13.
Department of musical education will
hold sessions on the afternoons of July
12 and 13.
Department of business education will
hold sessions on the afternoons of July :
12, 13 and 14. ;
Department of child study will hold ses- ;
sions on the afternoons of July 12 and 13
Department of natural science instruc
tion will hold sessions on the afternoons
of July 12 and-J4.
Department of school administration
will hold sessions on the afternoons of
July ]2 and 14.
Library department will hold sessions
on the afternoons of July 13 and 14
Department of education of deaf and
dumh and feeble-minded will hold sessions
on the afternoons of July 12. 13 and 14
National Herbart Society will meet on
the afternoons of July 12 and 14.
Educational Press Association of
America will meet Wednesday afternoon '
July 12.
The general session of the convention
will close Friday evening, July 14, with
the report of the committee on resolu
tions and the introduction of the pres
ident-elect, who will make his address.
COMPANY B RE-ENLISTS.
Puts In a Muster Roll in the Reor-
ganized National Guard.
SAN JOSE, May 25.— Company B, Fifth
Regiment, N. G. C, wiiich on the call for I
troops at the breaking out of the Spanish ;
war went into the Government service j
and became a member of the Eighth Cali
fornia Regiment, is to be reorganized.
After being mustered out the company j
had three months in which to re-enlist !n j
the National Guard, and this course has I
been decided upon. Last week a muster i
roll containing sixty-four names was sent
to the adjutant general of the State and
application made for re-enlistment as
Company B. Captain Partridge, who
served Company B for many years, heads
the list, and in the Eighth Regiment will j
undoubtedly be the commanding officer.
First Lieutenant de Yoe is in San Fran
cisco and Second Lieutenant P. S. Munn
is in Oregon, and there promises to be
much rivalry in filling these two places.
The old Company B armory on North
Market street is being fitted up. The first
meeting of the company will be held on
Monday night, but the mustering will not i
occur until a week later. San Jose fur
nished two companies— M and B— to the
Eighth Regiment, and members of those
will be given the preference. This will
undoubtedly make the new organization
one of the best military companies in the
State.
LUCERO'S VICTIM BURIED.
ASHFORD, Ariz., May 25.— Amador Lu
cero, the Mexican laborer suspected of
brutally killing and robbing Section Fore
man E. F. Harris in his cabin Tuesday
night, was traced to Winslow by Deputy
Sheriffs Foley and Marsh, where the clew
was lost. Lucero is 33 years old, tall
slim, smooth-faced, finely educated, a
great reader of Voltaire, Tyndall, Huxl«»
and kindred books.
The victim was buried here to-day in
the little valley already famous for being
the last resting place of about fifteen
murdered men.
MURDERED BY
A RANCH HAND
Divorced Woman Slain
by Former Lover.
MEL RICHARDSON'S CRIMES
AFTER KILLING MRS. MERTZ Hi
COMMITS SUICIDE.
The Couple Eloped Last July, b>
After their Return to tha
Country She Refused to
Live With Him
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Cal., May 25.— Last night
at 9:30 o'clock, at her home on Eel Riv
er Island, near Singley's Ferry, Mrs.
Clara Wertz was murdered by Mcl
Richardson. The woman was the di
vorced wife of Martin Wertz, a farm- 1
er at Salmon Creek, and resided with '
her parents. She left the house to feed
rabbits, and soon after four pistol
shots were heard. The folks rushed out
of the house and found her in the shed
with her clothes on fire. Two bullets
struck her behind the left shoulder.
She died in half an hour.
Two hours later the sequel to the
tragedy occurred at Ferndale, four
miles distant, when Mcl Richardson
committed suicide by shooting himself
in the head with a pistol. He died at
4 o'clock this morning. Letters left by
Richardson showed that the couple had
eloped last July, and had resided for
some time in the Brooklyn Hotel, San
Francisco. The woman denied this,
however, up to the day of her death.
Wertz and his wife were married in
IS9O, and divorced in April, 1891). Rich
ardson had been in the employ Of
Wertz until the elopement. Salinas
and Santa Rosa were also visited by
the couple. She returned to her home
in October last. Richardson returned a
few weeks later.
In view of the circumstances related
and the denials of the unfortunate
woman, two theories are advanced for
the deed. One is that a mad infatua
tion caused Richardson to follow his
victim, and, surprising her alone in the
yard last evening and learning that his
passion was unreciprocated, he killed
her. The other, based on a presump
tion of guilt, is that his victim had
left him with the determination to
have nothing more to do with him and
that when he suddenly confronted her
last evening she spurned him, and in
revenge he shot her. His suicide fol
lowed, either from remorse or of the
consequences of his crime.
Richardson ,was a native of this
county, aged 32 years. His father was
lynched by his neighbors in ISB4 on
suspicion of having assaulted his own
daughter. Some people believe that he
was not guilty.
Mrs. Wertz was a native of Canada,
aged 30. That Richardson was the
murderer was suspected from the first,
and this suspicion was verified by the
finding on his person of a letter en
closed in an envelope addressed to the
Coroner. The letter, although rambling
and incoherent in some parts, as though
written under great mental stress,
showed that not only had he commit
ted the deed, but that it was premedi
tated. Part of the letter had evident
ly been written before the commission
of th murder, and the other and most
significant part was indited afterward.
This part was as follows: "I have shot
her four times, and I hope I have done
a good job. I came here to kill her and
then kill myself."
MRS. APPLETON'S WILL
NOT TO BE CONTESTED
SAN JOSE, May 25.— The threatened
contest over the will of Mrs. Fannie G.
Appleton, who left an estate valued at
nearly $50,000. will not materialize, and
i Charles Hanks, a cowboy of Southwest
' crn Nevada, is richer by many thousands
of dollars. Mrs. Appleton was formerly
Mrs. Hickox, and by her first husband
had two sons, Herbert and Charles. She
took a great dislike to the latter after
his father died, and treated him shame
fully. Finally the boy sought shelter with
the family of Samuel Hanks on South
First street and grew up to be known as
Charlie Hank?. When he nearly reached
manhood he drifted to Nevada and noth
ing had been heard of him for years.
Mrs. Appleton died a few months ago.
Her will is now being probated, nt o
mention was made of her son Charles.
Friends of the boy took up the matter
and a detective began search for him.
i-"> was located in Nevada, and threat
ened to contest his unnatural mother's
will. H. O. Hickox and L. E. Appleton.
devisees under the will, compromised the
matter, however, and saved a sensational
trial. It is Impossible to learn just what
amount Charles tiicHO* w<...
the estate. A r»linnuls*r"»nt of b* yjf r r
e=ts in his mother's estate was filed to
day, the conslcierati6n being given as
$767. but this is not the true amount.
Fruit Growers Mean Business.
YTBA CITY. May 25.— An enthusiastic
! meeting of fruit growers was held here
to-day The proceedings and plans of the
recent' convention held in Sacramento
i were indorsed. A committee was appoint
*>d to co-operate with the Sacramento com
mittee relative to deriving better means
i for marketing green fruits. A fruit as
i sociation comprising the growers of Sut
ter Butte and Yuba counties, was formed
with a good membership.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Z ,^cS&^^ _, O
53 5* '-wl^^^f" r3
uj h ijjl ®^ y^ r33
DOCTOR SWEANY.
ME RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL.-
-lty to weak men. Organs of the body
which have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are restored
to perfect health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment. RI'PTURK
cured by his new method/without knife, truss ■
or detention from work; a painless, sure and
permanent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD ; g
POISON In any of its stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIES will re- .
ceive special attention for all their many ail-^sj
ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge"'
for advice by mail. He will also send you a .. ' ;
valuable book, "Guide to Health," free of'
charge. Address F. L. SWEANY. M. . V.. in
[ Market street, San Francisco, CaJ . '; V :EMILIO CASTELAR
DIES AT MURCIA
MADRID. May 25.— Senor Don Emilio Castelar, the distinguished re
publican orator and statesman, who has been suffering from an at
tack of pulmonary catarrh contracted last winter, is dead.
Senor Castelar passed away at Murcia, capital of the ancient
kingdom and modern province of that name. The Immediate cause
of death was albuminuria.
Emilio Castelar was born in Cadiz on September 8, 1532. His
father was an exchange broker, and spent seven years in the English pos
sessions, chiefly at Gibraltar, to escape sentence of death passed on him
for his Implication in Liberal movements.
Notwithstanding his father died ponr. Emilio, who was Only 7 years
old at tho time Of the elder Castelar's death, received a superior education
and attained great distinction as a democratic journalist and orator.
In Iho6 Castelar was the successful competitor for the chair of history
and philosophy in the University of Madrid. He also delivered lectures on
the history of civilization in the Atheneum. He was deprived of his uni
versity professorship in 1564. after havinsr. with Senor Cascaron, founded
the Journal de la Democracy.
Castelar pav>>d th^> way by his writings and speeches for the revolution
of IS6»>. which was put down by Marshal Serrano. He was sentenced to
n>ath and his paper suppressed. In disguise he escaped to Geneva and '
thence to Franc. .
During thi- troubles of IS6B. when Isabella II was dethroned, Castelar re
turned tn Spain and labored for the adoption of a republican form of
eovernment. but the throne was re-established in IS7O with Amadeo of
Savoy as King. Castelar was restored to his professorship in 1868 and re
signed it in 1^75. He was elected to the Cortes for Saragossa and Loyga
and opposed Prim and Serrano and subsequently King Amadeo.
When King Amadeo abdicated in 1873, Castelar became Minister of Frr
eign Affairs to the Republican President of Spain, with extraordinary pow
. rs. On January 2, 1874. he resigned. Serrano came to the front in the mili
tary reaction and a year lat*r. when Alfonso XII was called to the throne.
elar made a second journey to Geneva, In 1576 he re-entered the Cortes.
In his later life Senor Castelar's republican views became modified as
far as their application to Spain went. In 1893, on May 23, just six years
ago, he announced his retirement from public life.
CONVENTION OF
THE Y, M, C, A.
Admiral Philip and Other
Naval Men Attend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRAND RAPIDP, Mkh., May 25.— !
The third biennial Young Men's Chris- :
tian Association international conven
tion was opened this afternoon, with
600 delegates present. The afternoon
session was devoted to the usual or
ganization features and the presenta
tion of reports, followed by a "quiet
hour" devotional exercise.
At the evening session the number of
delegates was increased to 700 and the
auditorium, the largest hall in the city,
was crowded to the doors by enthusi- i
astlc spectators. The programme was!
devoted mainly to the work of the as- j
Foriations in the army and navy during
the past year, with Rear Admiral John j
V. Philip presiding. He was received j
•with long-continued cheers and ap- j
plause, the entire audience rising and
joining in the demonstration.
The work of the associations In the .
army was described by Field Secretary
W. B. Millar of Aurora, III.; J. H.
Banks, camp secretary at Chickarnau- j
ga; Fred K. Smith, who recently re- j
turned from Cuba, and others.
Admiral Philip read a letter from
$ resident. m, Kinley, approving the |
• rk in the army and navy, which was i
the cause of another outbreak of ap
plause.
Rear Admiral Hlpginson, late com
mander of the battleship Massachu
setts, in th»> course of his remarks, '
said that when the blockading squad- j
ron returned north fpom Cuba, 600 sail
ors were given shore l^ave with $74,000
in theif purses and not a place was
open to them when they would be free
from danger of being drugged and
robbed.
Chaplain Bteele of the navy, the only
officer who appeared j n uniform to
niKht. said that of sixty vessels in the
American navy, only twenty-four are
provided with chaplains.
Lieutenant Commander Wadhams of
the New Orleans navy yard was the
last speaker.
The evening session was followed by
a reception to the naval officers ten
dered by the Board of Trade and city
officials.
Of Interest to the Coast.
.WASHINGTON, May 2S.*-Peßßions:
< ■alifnrnia— Original— John Wendling, Sol
rii'-rs' Home. Lo« Angeles, $12: George R.
Sii'-r, Veteran?' Home. Napa, $12; Joseph
~\.. Hussey, S#n Josp, $8; John W. Basley,
dead, San Francisco. $10. Increase
rharles H. Wells, San Francisco, $6 to $S;
Henry S. Actln, Alhamlira, $6 to $X Re-
Issue— Thomas R. Murray. San Jose. %~ \f\.
Original widows, etc.— Mary F. Basley.
Ban Francisco, $*; Elizabeth McDermott,
Ban Francisco, $8; Nancy A. Auld, Santa
Monica, $*.
icon— Original widows, etc.— Ellen
S-W uniif. Jacksonville, Jv
•» poatofflce was to-day established at
K>ttle. Phnnaa County, California, and
Fred J. Noseman was appointed postmas
ter.
"Peramold" gold, latest, bett, perfect paint;
■ample bottle 26c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bids.*
FIFTEEN BLOCKS
SWEPT BY FIRE
St. John, N. 8., Sustains
Heavy Loss.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOHN, N. 8., May 25. — Fire !
that broke out in a building adjoining
the general warehouse of P. Nase &
Sons. Main street, North End, this aft- |
ernoon, did enormous damage. A lead
ing underwriter estimates the loss at .
$500,000 and the insurance about $300,000. i
For several hours the fire's progress :
was unchecked. Insufficient water
supply, a long term of dry weather and
a brisk gale contributed to cause a !
conflagration which, for a time, threat- j
ened annihilation to the wooden dis- j
trict where it originated.
The flames spread to the wharves j
along St. John River* where much
damage was done, but the general
course of the conflagration was away j
from the river.
At 5 o'clock the destruction of sev- I
eral buildings on Main street by the |
use of dynamite stayed the progress of |
the flames along the line of the street j
railway; and the firemen were able to
direct their efforts more particularly to I
the district north of Main street and i
including the hlocks of dwellings |
bounded by Victoria, Metealf, Bridge, I
Holly, Cunard and Albert streets. The !
spread of the flames was soon stopped, !
and all the evening the ruins gradually i
burned out.
The area burned over comprises fif
teen blocks and the buildings destroyed
number 150.
The district ravaged by the fire was
composed largely of tenement houses,
and probably 1000 persons are home
less, a majority of them laboring peo
ple.
Two deaths are to he set down to the
fire. A Miss Cunard, an aged lady, re
siding on Holly street, was burned in
her house, and Mrs. Arnold Mowery.
who resided a short distance from the
scene, died from the shock.
RAISE FUNDS FOR
MEDALS FOR VOLUNTERS
MARYSVILLE, May 25.— For the pur
pone of raising ' funds in this section
through a series of entertainments, etc.,
and bringing to a fulfillment the idea of
presenting medals to the California vol
unteers who enlisted in the war with
Spain, Marysville Parlor No. 6, N. S. G.
W., at a regular meeting held last night
appointed the following committee: F.
H Greely M. F. Brown, J. H. Marcuse,
E. E. Stone and P. J. Delay.
The local parlor expects that the drill
t'-am in the Argonaut degree will be pre
pared to give an exhibition of its work
on the evening of July 12. at which time
Grass Valley Camp of Argonauts will be
th<ir guests. Jn honor of the occasion
there will be a smoker and high jinks, ar
rangements for which have been placed
in the hand? of the following committee:
J. H. Marcuse, J. A. Bilhartz. Ben Mayer,
E. A. Forbes and P. J. Delay.
Ocean Water Tub. Baths.
101 Btventh itreet. corner Mission. B*Jt
water direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, MAT 26, 1899.
LOVE FEAST OF
THE DEMOCRATS
Big Assemblage at the
St. Louis Banquet.
BRIGHT SCENE IN COLISEUM
BRYAN OF NEBRASKA THE
PRINCIPAL SPEAKER.
Tells of the Formation of Vast
Trusts During the Past Two
Years to Throttle All
Competition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, May 25.— Promptly at 6:45
o'clock this evening the caterer's bell
rang, the band struck up the "Stars
and Stripes Forever," an army of wait
ers laden with viands appeared and
the mammoth Democratic anti-trust
banquet was on, while the 1445 banquet
ers seated at the tables broke into a
tremendous cheer, rising in a body and
waving the small hand flags which had
been provided at each cover.
The vast arena of the Coliseum was
filled with long tables tastefully dec
orated with roses, lilies of the valley
and carnations. The table of honor was
placed on a raised platform at the
north side of the arena and at it were
seated Hon. W. J. Bryan, ex-Governor
John P. Altgeld, O. H. P. Belmont. M.
C. Wetmore, Harry B. Hawes, presi
dent of the Jefferson Club, under whose
auspices the dinner was given: Hon.
Champ Clark, Hon. David A. de Ar
mond and a number of other prominent
Democrats.
The tables were decorated, through
out with flags and in the center of each
was fixed a large silver shield.
' The dinner was concluded at 8 o'clock.
No speeches were made during the ban
quet. It was strictly- a love feast. By
the time the tables, were cleared the
5000 seats of the amphitheater were filled
with spectators representing the society
of St. Louis, and the speaking began.
The first speaker of the evenlne was
Harry B. Hawes, president of the Jef
ferson Club, who delivered the address
of welcome.
President Hawes was followed by
Hon. Champ Clark of Missouri, who
presented the State and district ban
ners in the name of the State Commit
tee. Mr. Clark was greeted with a tre
mendous ovation.
"Trusts and Democracy" occupied
Colonel M. C. Wetmore of St. Louis but
a few minutes. His remarks were
greeted with cheers.
He was followed by Hon. David
DeArmond of Missouri, who spoke upon
"The Trust and Its Parents." The
parents of the trust, according to the
speaker, are the protective tariff fa
vored by the Republicans and the par
tiality which he claimed that party has
ever shown to corporation interests.
When Mr. Hawes arose to introduce
Mr. Bryan he was greeted with ap
plause, and the applause which met Mr.
Bryan was of the most flattering de
scription. The cheers drowned the
music of the band, which s.truck up
"Hold the Fort" as he advanced to the
front of the rostrum. Mr. Bryan said,
in part:
An actor who visited Nebraska recently,
on learning: from a Republican that con
fidence had been restored, remarked that
he examined Webster's dictionary to learn
what confidence meant and found con
fidence defined as "trust," and then he
understood that confidence had' been real
jly restored. More trusts have been
| formed during the past two years than
■ existed at the beginning of the present
! administration, and the nominal capital
; ization of the trusts now in existence ap
proaches if it does not equal in amount
the world's total supply in gold and sil
ver. The Influence of these trusts has
become so enormous that the people with
out respect to party are asking them
selves how the evil can be remedied.
The purpose of the trusts is to control
the product of some article of merchan
dise, and the methods employed are — first,
; the union of all individual factories un
der one management or In one corpora
j tion, and, second, the crushing of new
I rivals. A monopoly when once complete
not only dictates terms to those who buy
the product but It also dictates terms to
those who sell the raw material and to
: those who furnish the labor. If the trusts
i are permitted to continue we shall find
an Industrial aristocracy growing up In
, the I'nited States which will prove as
destructive of our Ideals as a landed aris
tocracy would.
Tht- principle of monopoly is incompati
ble with our Institutions. Man's necessi
ties compel him to become a purchaser,
and where there is but one seller the pur
chaser is completely at the mercy of the
seller. Where there is competition be
tween producers the purchaser is pure to
obtain what he wants at a reasonable
price. When competition is eliminated
the price is controlled not by reason but
by the greed of the one wtyo possesses the
monopoly. It has been said that the power
to tax is a power to destroy. A monop
oly possesses the power to tax; it can
levy such assessments as it will upon the
purchaser, and we can no more afford to
penal t such a power to be exercised by
private individuals than we could afford
to authorize a private Individual to use
the machinery of taxation In order to en
rich himself at the expense of his fellows.
The Government would be guilty of
ROM neglect if it permitted an individual
to secure a monopoly, even without leg
islative assistance, but it is still more
culpable if by legislative act it furnishes
the means by which a monopoly Is se
cured. The corporation is the means
now employed by those who seek to se
cure ,-i monopoly. Since the corporation
is a fictitious person, created by law, the
power that creates can regulate, restrain
or annihilate. To say that the Govern
ment Is Impotent to prevent the organi
zation of trusts is to say It has called
Into existence- a fictitious person and that
the fictitious person created has become
greater than the creator.
One of the difficulties which has been
encountered In opposing trusts is that the
trust hides behind the Federal constitu
tion when attacked by State legislation
and shields itself behind its State charter
when attacked by the Federal Courts. No
if medy will be complete that Is not co
extensive with the Federal Government.
If the extinguishment of the trusts Is left
to State legislation the public at large will
le victimized as long as a single State will
furnish a robber's roost where the spoils
collected in other States can be divided.
Just now people are startled by the
principle of monopoly as it manifests it
pelf in the industrial trust and well may
they be startled. The principle, however,
is the same as that winch manifests itself
ill the effort of the national bankers to se
cure a monopoly of the issue of paper
money.
ALL EFFORTS TO FLOAT
THE PARIS FAILURES
COVER ACK, Cornwall, May 25. 6 p.
m. — Further efforts have just been
made to float the Paris, but the tide
failed.
An attempt to float the American
line steamer Paris which has been fast
on the rocks off Lowlands Point since
early Sunday morning last took place
at 3 o'clock this morning without re
sult. The position of the steamer has
not altered, but the conditions are
looked upon as being less favorable.
Five powerful tugs tried to pull off
the Paris, but she was not moved.
More coal is being jettisoned from her
bunkers and another effort to float her
will be made at daybreak.
ROSA BONHEUR IS
REPORTED VERY ILL
PARIS, May 25. — The Temps has a telegram from Fontalnebleau an
nouncing the illness of Rosa Bonheur, who has, been confined to Ijer
bed for three days with pulmonary congestion. A consultation of doc
tors from Paris was held last night at her cottage. Her state gives
cause for grave anxiety, particularly in view of her age, 78 years.
HERESY TRIAL
DULY AVOIDED
McGifferfs Case Goes
Back to New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. May 25.— 1n the
hands of the Presbytery of New York is
the fate of Rev. Dr. Arthur C. McGif
fert, professor of church history in Union
Theological Seminary, New York.
The general assembly of the Presbyter
ian Church steered clear, as It hopes, of
the rocks of another heresy trial, and it
voted this afternoon, after a fierce, ear
nest, tumultuous and sometimes personal
debate to refer the whole matter to the
Presbytery of New York "for such dis
position as in its judgment the peace of
the church and purity of the doctrine
may require."
When the bills and overtures commis
sion's report was announced this after
noon by Vice Moderator Rev. T. L. Gra
ham a profound silence fell over the as
sembly and the packed galleries. Dr.
Wallace Radeliffe of Washington, chair
man of the committee, took the speaker's
platform and read first that part of the
report on which all —embers of the com
mittee agreed. It was a review of the
case and the statement of four funda
mental doctrines of the church which Dr.
McGiffert's "History of Christianity in
the Apostolic Acre" is held to deny. Next
Dr. Radeliffe read the majority report,
and then it was known at last that there
were to be two reports. This report,
which was ultimately adopted, left the
matter to the discretion of the New York
Presbytery.
The minority report, read by Rev. Dr.
Benjamin Lewis Hobson of Chicago, made
it mandatory upon the New York pres
bytery to appoint a commission to confer
with Dr. McGiffert, and if he would nei
ther modify his views nor peaceably with
draw Jrom the church to proceed against
him in accordance with the provisions of
the constitution of the church, and that
would have meant a heresy trial.
Before taking up the debate the whole
assembly rose as one man and voted for
the preamble on which all agreed. From
this scene of unanimity the aspect of the
assembly was soon changed to one of
tumult. The preamble was frequently
spoken of this afternoon as a magnificent
new confession of faith, a doctrinal de
liverance that the Presbyterian church is
still theologically sound to the core. The
preamble says in part:
The assembly notes the repudiation by Dr.
McGiffert of the interpretation placed upon his
utterances in said book as being not in ac
cord with the standard of our church and his
assertion of devotion to the truth and his con
cern for the welfare of the church, and while
accepting the same as sincere, the assembly,
nevertheless, reasserts its deliverance of 1898
condemning the statements of said book as be
ing such as to Justify the Interpretation so re
pudiated, and In regard to fundamental doc
trines of churches involved In this matter, this
assembly solemn declares:
1. It Is a fundamental doctrine of the word
of God and the confession of faith fbat the
Holy Spirit did so control the Inspired writers
in their composition of the Holy Scriptures as
to make their statements absolutely truthful,
1. c., free from error, when interpreted In their
natural and Intended sense. All seeming dis
crepancies and contradictions In the Bible are
to be referred to the limitations upon human
knowledge. To hold that the Holy Scriptures
are in any respect historically inaccurate Is to
oppose the teaching of the confession, chapter
1 section 4. which declares that "the author
ity of the Holy Scriptures for which It ought
to be believed and obeyed, depend either whol
ly upon God, the author thereof, or it is to be
received because It Ik the word of God."
2. It is a fundamental doctrine of the word
of God and the confession of faith that "the
son of God. the second person in the Trinity
being very and eternal God of one substance
and equal to the father, did, when the fullness
of time was come, take upon him man's na
ture with all the essential properties and
common Infirmities thereof, yet, without sin. So
that two whole perfect and distinct natures,
the Godhead and the manhead were Inseparably
Joined together In one person without conver
sion, composition or confusion." It is also a
fundamental doctrine that "the Lord Jesus in
his human nature thus united to the divine,
was sanctified and annolnted with the Holy
Spirit above measure; having In Him all the
treasures of wisdom and knowledge; in whom
It pleased the Father that all fullness should
dwell." (Confession, chapter 8. second and
third.) These doctrines of the Confession for
bid any teaching respecting the Lord Jesus
which would attribute to Him in any partic
ular liability to error.
3. It is a fundamental doctrine of the word
of God and the confession of faith, that "Our
Lord Jesus, In the night wherein he was be
trayed, instituted the sacrament of his body
and blood, the Lord's supper, to be observed In
his church unto the end of the world," and
further, that "the Lord Jesus hath in this or
dinance appointed his ministers to declare his
word of institution to the people, to pray and
bless the elements of bread, of wine," etc. No
teaching which declares that the Lord's sup
per was Instituted in other manner than by the
direct perFonal act of the Lord Jesus Is In
harmony with the truth of the Hnly Scriptures
or loyal to the person of Jesus Christ.
4. It is also a fundamental doctrine of the
word of God and the Confession of fatth that
God Justified men "by imputing the obedience
and satisfaction to them, they receiving and
resting upon Him and His righteousness by
faith, which faith they have not in themselves;
it is the gift of God. Faith, thus receiving and
resting in I'hrist and his righteousness, is alone
the instrument of justification." Any teach
ing which in any way modifies or belittles the
essential act and exclusive necessity of faith
in human salvation is mischievous, dishonor
ing to the word and sacrifice of Jesus Christ.
The assembly enjolna upon all sessions and
presbyteries loyalty to defend and to protect
these fundamental doctrines of this confession
al church.
The majority report, with the slight ver
bal changes made for the sake of clear
ness at the end of the discussion, recom
mends that "we recommend that the
whole matter of the teachings of the book
Ol Rev. A. C. McGiffert, D.D., entitled
'A History of Christianity in the Apos
ii lie Age,' be referred to the Presbytery
of New York, to which belongs the pri
mary constitutional responsibility of such
disposition as in its judgment the peace
of the churches and the purity of doc
trine may require."
The minority of eight set against the
rfport of the majority of twelve the fol
lowing:
We recommend the adoption of the following:
The General Assembly, while deploring the con
troversy occasioned by Dr. McGlfferts writings,
hereby directs the Presbytery of New York,
of which he is a member, to appoint a com
mittee to confer with him, and if it should
appear to the presbytery that Dr. McGifTert
fails to modify his views bo as to conform them
to the standards of the churches, the presby
tery is directed to use every means to induce
Dr. McGifTert to withdraw peaceably from the
Presbyterian ministry. Hut if he should refuse
to do so, then the presbytery is directed as the
last resort to proceed with the case in ac
cordance with the provisions of the constitu
tion of the churches. And in all these pro
ceedings the presbytery is to maintain the
spirit of Christian kindness and love as well as
fidelity to the truth.
During the discussion following the
reading of the reports many denounced
the writings of Dr. McGiffert, but argued
that he should be Riven an opportunity
"to depart in peace."
"Be patient, brothers; wait a little
while," pleaded Dr. Hughes of Philadel
phia, speaking for the majority report.
"Skulkers and cowards to the rear!"
shouted Elder Alexander Dixon of Scran
ton. Pa. "Then close up. Was there ever
a more beautifully worded letter than
that of this theologioian, which says, af
ter all, 'I do as I please, and you can do
the other thing? 1 "
The galleries and the assembly roared
with laughter. Finally the majority re
port was adopted.
HEAD OF THE VIRGIN
AND JEWELS FOUND
Arrest of the Daring Bobbers of the
Shrine at El Cobre and Recov
ery of the Booty.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
' Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO. Cuba, May 25.-Cathollcs
of this place are holding general rejoic
ings over the recovery of the head of
the Virgin of El Cobre and nearly all of
the missing jewels and gold ornaments.
To-day three perpetrators of the dese
cration of the shrine — one Mexican and
two Spaniards— were captured by Fran
cisco Guitterez, chief of the secret police.
Some of the jewels were found In San
tiago and the head of the Virgin was
found on a rubbish heap in El Cobre.
The Archbishop and several priests ex
amined the jewels and found only a few
missing. There will be a special mass of
thanksgiving on Sunday in the cathedral
at Santiago and In the church at El
Cobre.
The local police made an unsuccessful
search for the valuables, trying to make
political scandal and accusing Guitterez,
who is a Spaniard, of being the instigator
of the robbery. They placed every pos
sible obstacle in the way of the search.
The Virgin will be returned to the shrine
on Saturday. A large number of people
are preparing to visit El Cobre on Sun
day.
DOMINICAN COMMENCEMENT.
SAN RAFAEL, May 25.— The annual
commencement exercises of the Domini
can College were held in the assembly
hall of the convent, near the Hotel Ra
fael, to-day. Diplomas were awarded to
three graduates, certificates to six pupils
and medals to several for conscientious
work in the various departments through
out the year. Archbishop Riordan was
present from San Francisco and Rev.
Hugh Lagan from San Rafael, both of
whom delivered interesting addresses.
A choice programme of vocal and in
strumental music was furnished, a spe
cial fqature of which was the rendition
of Mozart's "Don Giovanni" by an or
chestra of twenty young ladies.
Those receiving diplomas were the
Misses Madge Coke. Florence Jeffries and
Bess Randall. Certificates were issued to
tlie Misses E. Bethune, H. Bonnifield, J.
Jeffries J. Curtin, A. O'Connor and Kate
O'Connor. Medais were awarded as fol-
lows:
For Christian doctrine— To Miss A. O'Connor
by Rev. Hugh Lagan; for excellence— To Mies
E. Bethune by Mrs. T. O'Connor; for applica
tion—To Miss Helen de Young by Mrs. J.
Brooks; first medal in music, by Miss Ktther
ine O'Day to Miss N. Malony; second medal in
music, to Miss L. Duran; for porcelain paint
ing, to Miss E. Costello.
St. Joseph's Reunion.
MAHYSVILLE, May «25.— St. Joseph's
Society and friends held their thirty-first
annual reunion at Shelton's Grove to-day.
There were visitors from Yuba. Butte and
Sutter counties, and all enjoyed the out-
Ing. There were prizes for jig dancing,
waltzing, races and other outdoor sports.
Dancing continued until sundown.
ENGLAND YIELDS
TO THE CANADIANS
She Wants a Slice of
Alaska.
THE TREATY BLOCKED
PESSIMISTIC VIEW OF TIMES
CORRESPONDENT.
Says Lord Salisbury Withdrew From
Negotiations Under Strong
Pressure Brought to Bear
From Ottawa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 26.— The New York
correspondent of the Times, which has
hitherto been optimistic regarding an
agreement between the American and
Canadian High Commissioners, claims
to know that the situation has become
almost hopeless, owing to the insistence
of the Canadians that they receive a
slice of Alaska. The correspondent de
plores the Canadian position in upset
ting, the settlement, which was within
sight, and extols the conciliatory atti
tude of President McKinley and the
American officials. He relates in detail
how an arrangement was on the verge
of completion, when Lord Salisbury,
under pressure from Canada, withdrew
his acquiescence. He declares that the
present relations between Ottawa and
London, as understood in Washington,
threaten to affect disastrously the re
cently improved relations between the
United States and Great Britain. The
correspondent instances the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty and says a new treaty
perfectly satisfactory to both govern
ments has already been drawn, but
Great Britain now declines to act on
it, saying the Government cannot afford
to submit to Parliament any new
treaty question until the Canadian de
mands anent Alaska are satisfied.
The Times, commenting on the fore
going dispatch, says it hopes the cor
respondent takes an unduly gloomy
view of the situation. It declines to
exhaust its emotions, prematurely, over
a catastrophe which may never occur.
It delicately banters its correspondent
on his despondency and declines to pro
nounce a definite opinion on the Cana
dian-American question without fuller
knowledge. It says, however: .
What is quite obvious from the tone of
our correspondents communication is
that the Americans for whom he speaks
do not grasp the nature of our relations
with our self-governing colonies. It is
as much out of place to talk of Canadian
opinion as a power behind the British
Government, deterring it from acting as
its own Chief Minister and Embassador
think reasonable, as it would be to use
similar language of the opinion of an
American State. Americans cannot ex
pect us to do what they would never do
themselves if they were in our position..
They cannot expect us to ignore the pop
ular will of that portion of the empire
which is primarily affected by the nego
tiations or to settle a question between
London and Washington behind its back.
The Times reminds Americans that
in the dispute with Great Britain about
the frontier of Maine the local Legis
lature protested against the award of
the umpire and the Senate rejected it,
though President Jackson would have
joined the British Government in ac
cepting it. It asks: "Was this an un
worthy submission by the Federal Gov
ernment to local prejudice?"
MANY CHANGES BY
YALE CORPORATION
Most Important Is the Election of
Professor Harley as President
to Succeed Dwight.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., May 25.— The
Yale corporation had its regular meeting
to-day and elected Professor Arthur Ew
ing Harley, M. A , president of Yaie Uni
versity, to succeed Timothy Dwight, re
signed. There was almost a full member
ship of the corporation present, and it if
understood the vote was practically unan
imous.
At the morning session, before the bal
loting for president had begun, the resig
nations of Secretary Franklin B. Dexter
and Treasurer William Farnum were an
nounced. Both gentlemen had determined
long ago that when President Dwight re
signed they should also sever their con
nection with the Yale University corpora
tion. This action was taken without re
gard to the probable successor to Presi
dent Dwight.
Professor Dexter has been for thirty
years secretary of the corporation. He
will continue his connection with Yale as
assistant librarian of the university.
Treasurer Farnam has for eleven years
served the university as treasurer.
The resignation of Louis S. de Forest,-
M.D., clinical professor of Medicine, was
accepted, to take effect at commencement.
Professor Charles E. Beecher was ap
pointed curator of the geological collec
tions, in succession to the late Professor
Nathaniel C. Marsh.
George Lammerman, Yale. 1890, was ap
pointed registrar of the scientific school,
and George F. Eaton was appointed in
structor in comparative osteology in the
same school. M. Mabumoto,. assistant in
the psychological laboratory, was reap
pointed. and K. F. Geiser, now a student
In the graduate school, was appointed an
assistant in history in the college.-
It was voted to proceed with the im
mediate erection of the final building for
the law school in front of the present
building.
| WEAKNESS CURED. I
® • — - ■ . . t
i Here Is Hope for Young Men. f
® >
X T^iilULJ'. -*-. "^Biifti iIBPBIfc Thousands of young and mid- @
> I Hiißi ' die-aged men feel the need of new +
® HM j^l\Bb»^BaSL llfe - new confidence, new ambl- ®
X 4^T»^ "^MHHi <fl» tlon. to replace that lost by 1& " ±
¥ ■MHi\~ A Tfl S>\ \8 norance and neglect of the laws of >
X EwraaMl '^i^^Pi^ ■ health. See how this young man C)
aT BBH^«^»Vjay^^^^^^ /j| regained hie power: • ffi
x BSBBbHt^ 4 -^ 'm * ■* obMB ■* ■
X lIVT • s * A __-^dH| • METZ, Oal.. April t. IS9?. (S)
X EwHf / , /&dHffl| OR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN-Dear Sir: X
I gEfll , ! ' ( SfißSßanwKwKrvt I have delayed answering your letter bo /{>
® B I f J^"^BsSm9.mS^m that J could more fully teat the power V
X HBH/l Ay •* _£s •fIBBWIHB of your Belt. I have now worn your A
V / OR. M. A. McU\rGHLlN— Dear Sir: i
/ ~AS I have delayed ansuerinjr your letter no
■ I f / ~^H that I could more fully teat the power t
■A >>V ■* ?y ~Btoi °- y° ur Belt - have now worn your /
(•) 19 ■V— -*"""S' 'JBnEHBIEI §B Dr. Panden Electric Belt for almost *J
X jHHRj { — *^ three months, and am glad to announce T
g) I ZS • SMS Ha that It has cured me of weakness. You (£
X MUB -», * Kid SB may use this letter as you see fit. Tours •♦
T HW\ -^ v _, B B truly. CHAS. Q. lOPPIXI. $
4- HHi fi&^jJ^H win you stm doubt that m y %
* } IHi joy^jg^j™^^] Improved methods of applying >
"*" IK ivS^y' .sßflnH Electricity will cure you? Call or (j
f fl H *^ N -n Bend for my book, "Three Classen "♦
(g . IPJHI -—^JPWJBBB of Men," with more proof. •*
% dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send kok MrB o OK , «
± 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny, S. F. "tmkee CLASSES of MBit," 2
X And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Lob Anjelei. . _— __-._, ■?
X Of flo« Hourß-8 a. m. to 1:10 p. m. : Sunday., *;"ITla MA I LED FREE. $
5? JO to I. ■■■; NEVER SOLD In -- TT f> STORE*. ;
WARFARE LAWS
ARE CONSIDERED
Both Sections of the
Committee Meet.
RED CROSS WORK DISCUSSED
ABSENCE OF MEDICAL MEN AT
THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
Many Matters Connected With the
Hospital Service Could Be Better
Understood by the Aid
of Surgeons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE,' May 25.— 80 th sections
of the committee on the laws of war
fare of the Peace Conference met sep
arately to-day, and began the examina
tion of subjects submitted to them, the
Red Crpss section discussing para
graphs five and six of the circular of
Count Muravieff, Russian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and the Brussels con
ference section discussing paragraph
seven.
Both sections met subsequently and
discussed the question of competence
as regards the scheme for the revision
of the Geneva convention, known as
the Morgnier scheme. The Morgnier
scheme comprises modifications on the
Geneva convention in connection with
wounded and sick prisoners, members
of the hospital service, convoys for the
wounded, ambulances, hospitals, prop
erty belonging to neutralized persons,
religious and medical staffs and kind
red subjects. The scheme appiieg
equally to land and sea warfare.
It was proposed to submit the
scheme to another commission for dis
cussion and the question was then
raised whether the conference was
competent to deal with the matter.
Those who took a negative view ar
gued that the conference had decided
In prinpiple and that all the govern
ments represented had agreed that
nothing should be submitted to the
conference beyond the eight points in
the circular of Count Muravieff. They
contended that if the conference once
infringed this rule a precedent would
be created leading to numerous diffi
culties, including probably the spring
ing of the Armenian, Macedonian and.
similar questions upon the conference.
It was also pointed out by the oppo
nents of the proposal to refer that, in
asmuch as the Morgnier scheme dealt
mostly with the wounded and with hos
pitals, it would be impossible to discuss
the proposed modifications effectively
without the co-operation of doctors,
who alone would be capable of decid
ing many of the points at issue.
As a matter of fact theFe is no man
of medical training among the dele
gates. The committee finally ad
journed without reaching a decision.
There is no truth in the statement
that a proposal has been submitted to
the conference to abrogate the provi
sions of the Declaration of Paris. 1836.
regarding the protection of private
property in time of war.
POSITIVE CREDENTIAL OF
CHRISTIAN PROGRESS
NEW YORK, May 25.— A cable to the
Journal from Paris says Archbishop
Ireland is taking great interest in the
Peace Conference. He has been pay
ing close attention to the sentiment of
the people on the subject in countries
where he has been traveling recently.
He gave the Journal to-day the follow
ing synopsis of the result of his obser
vations:
I find that intelligent men of Italy,
France and Belgium everywhere are tak
ing a deep thought as to how they can
contribute their quota toward advancing
the chief object of the conference. Big
ideas, like the oak. take time for devel
opment. The disarmament idea has de
veloped slowly, and has been aided by a
fortunate force of circumstances. The
unique conference now in session at The
Hague is a positive credential of Chris
tian progress. The broad problem is how
to save hum^n life and lighten the bur
dens of those who labor so that men may
not be needlessly sacrificed nor uselessly
burdened.
International arbitration can be made
effective. At least to a large ex
tent war can be made humane
without either abhorring or stigmatiz
ing the sword. Never before has
such a conference as that at The Hague
sat in a council chamber. The in
terests and to some extent the well being
cl humanity are intrusted to its members-.
If one conference cannot solve the whole
question at once the ideas that are now
scattered broadcast whl take root in ihe
people's minds. There you have rich soil
where they will grow to maturity. The
United States is sure to be the first in
peace as well as in -var.
Coronation of Graduate*.
SANTA ROSA, May 25. — To-night
marked the closing exercises of the
eighth annual commencement of the Ur
suline Academy of this city. A large
audience gathered at St. Rose's Chapel
to witness the coronation of the grad
uates. Miss Laura A. Kelley and Miss
Louise Alice Mulgrew, both of San Fran
cisco. Participating in the programme
were Rev. Father Lyons of St. Peter's,
San Francisco; Rev. Dr. Morrison of Oak
land and Rev. J. M. Cassin of this city.
• <m *
First-class bathhouse and barber shop.
Brodek's, 226 Powell street. •
34
NATIONAL COMMITTEEMEN
DISCUSS THE DEMOCRATIC
POLICY FOR NEXT YEAR
ST. LOUIS, May 2:..— When the con
ference of the members of the
Democratic National Committee ad
journed this afternoon at 5:30
o'clock it had taken no action re
garding the policy of the party in
the coming Presidential campaign and no
plans for the platform were even dis
cussed. The meeting from first to last
was one of discussion regarding methods
of work of next year and the ways and
means by which this work could best be
accomplished. All members were urged
to see that the organization of the party
in their respective States is perfected as
Boon as possible and all preparations
made for the fight.
The matters of "anti-trust," "anti-im
perialism" and silver were not touched
upon. No action was taken regarding
them and no recommendations were made.
The next meeting of the conference will
probably be held In Chicago on July 20,
and Chairman Jones of the National Com
mittee has been asked to call a formal
meeting for that date. It is expected that
at this meeting definite action will be
taken and the question of what is to be
the rallying cry of the Democracy in -the
fall of 1899 will be determined.
Those present at the meeting to-day
were: Henry D. Clayton of Alabama,
who acted as proxy for Commiueeman
Tomlinson of that State; Thomas C. Mo-
Rae of Arkansas; T. J. O'Donnell, proxy
for Wilson Adair of Colorado; J. K. Ohl,
proxy for Clark Ho well of Georgia; Alex
ander Troup, Connecticut; Thomas Ga
han, Illinois; John G. Shanklin. Indiana; i
C A. Walsh, Iowa; J. G. Johnson, Kan
sas; Urey wcodsen, Kentucky; W. B.
Sullivan, Mississippi; W. J. Stone, Mis
souri; W. H. Thompson, Nebraska; Jo- '
sephus Daniels. North Carolina; J. M.
Guffy. Pennsylvania; J. M. Head. Tennes
see; J. G. Dudley. Texas; D. J. Otey, Vir
ginia; John T. McGraw. West Virginia;
W. N. Hoiliday. Wyoming; Thomas Mar
cum. Indian Territory. Mr. Bryan acted
an proxy for J. M. Woods of South Da
kota during the time that he was in the
meeting.
Governor Stone stated the object of the
meeting as set out in the call. He was
then elected chairman. Mr. Welsh was' ln
his place as secretary, haying come from
Ottawa, Canada, where he said he had
been for the past four months looking
after some mining matters.
Governor Stone Immediately after call- j
ing the meeting to order announced that '
reports on organizations and conditions I
in the different States were desired. One |
by one the representatives of the differ- j
ent States outlined the conditions exist- I
ing at home, and the reports were ac
cepted without recommendations of any
kind. Not one of the speakers touched
upon the trusts, imperialism or sliver.
After the committee had been in session
an hour Mr. Bryan was presented. He
made a short address, urging the mem
bers to look closely after the organiza
tions In their States, and suggesting that |
strong efforts be made to provide a cam- |
paign fund for the coming campaign. He i
made no specific suggestions, merely talk- J
ing in a general way of ■ the great ad- I
vantage of organization.
The fight of the Illinois Democracy:
AN INCREASE
NOT SUSTAINED
Important Decision on
Township Salaries.
Pppoial Dispatch to The <~"a;:.
BUISUN, May 2.'.— Judge Buckles to
day rendered a decision of unusual in
terest regarding the increasing of salar
ies of township officers during their
term of office. F. J. Kalber, present
Justice of the Peace of Rio Vista Town
ship, brought a suit against County Au
ditor G. F. Wooderson to draw his
warrant on the County Treasurer in
favor of the plaintiff for $53, the
amount alleged to be due from Solano
County to th.-- plaintiff as salary for one
month as Just4ce of the Peace of Rio
Vista Township. The plaintiff was
elected at the general election of 189 S.
Prior to, and at the time he came Into
the office as Justice, in January, 1899.
the salary was $30 a month, determined
under subdivision 13. section 169, of the
county government act of 1597. Rio
Vista being a township, having a pap
ulation under the United States cen
sus of 1890 of 1000 and less than 1500.
In March, 1890. the Board of Super
visors caused an enumeration of the in
habitants of Rio Vista Township to be
taken, and said enumeration showed
the population of said township to be
1563. This would entitle Rio Vista to
be placed in that class of townships
having a population of 1500 and less
than 2000. The salary of the Justice
of the Peace of this class is $55 a
month. Kalber made a demand for $55.
and the County Auditor refused to
draw his warrant for the same. The
Auditor relied <>n section 9. article 11.
constitution of th.- State of California,
that the compensation of any county,
city, town or municipal officer shall not
be increased after his election or dur
ing his term of office. Plaintiff con
tended that this constitutional prohi
bition against an increase of the com
pensation of county, city, town or mu
nicipal officers had no application to
Justices of the Peace, because the word
"township" is not used.
Judgo Buckles quoted from several
authorities regarding the term "town
ship officers," and said it clearly ap
peared that the constitution makers in
tended to extend the prohibition
against raising the salaries or compen
sation of officers to township officers.
The demurrer to the complaint was,
therefore, sustained.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the exsretions
frcm it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggiste; all sorts of people uae it
♦ GOVERNOR W, J, STONE
OF MISSOURI.
m Editor Devlin of the National I
Committee Press Bureau wns then
brought up by Committeeman Cnhan nf ;
Illinois. H.- marj.- n vigorous speech
claiming that Devlin had acted against
the regular Democratic organisation In
Illinois, and that be should l" removed,
aid the control of the Democratic
party in Illinois was now in the ha:. .is
of the regular Democrats, and thai it'
should be allowed to remain there, ir
Mr. Devlin persisted In his attacks ujmn
the regular Dem< cracy of Illinois ' h.
should be comp< lied to do bo from som.'
other position than that of the official
manager of the Democratic National
Committee. 1U- urged strongly that Dev
lin !>>■ removsd.
A motion was carried appointing a com
mittee of three to investigate the Devlin
matn-r and report to Chairman Jones
his return from abroad. Mr I
appointed on the committi ■ of Investiga
tion Messrs. .Johnson of Kansas. Daniels
of North Carolina and tht> third man to
be named later in the day.
At 1:30 the convention adjourned to i
at 3 p. m.
During thr afternoon Bession tho same
line of discussion as that which had ruled
during tin- morning was taken up, and
after the resources of the party for tnr
next compalgn had been gone oVer thor
oughly the motion of Committeeman >;.i
--han of Illinois, having for its ohject the
removal of Editor Devlin or" the i'r. s>-
Bureau of the national committee came
up once more.
The committee of three which was ap
pointed at the morning- Bession to in
BRUTALITY TO
CHINESE GIRLS
Two Sold Into S avery
by Their Father.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 25.— The I
i horrifying- details were received here
to-day of the selling of two Chinese
girls into slavery in the mining district
jof Cariboo. A certain amount of
, traffic in Chinese women has been j
| known to exist all over the toast, but
| the awful state of affairs in this case ;
I has surprised the authorities. White j
men have actually made it their busi
ness to negotiate sales. They drew up i
! certain papers in making a transfer
I from Quong, the brute father of the j
: two girls, to the buyers, to give the
j sale a sort of legal aspect in the eyes !
of Orientals. It was white men. too,
who nailed the girls up in boxes and
shipped them like ordinary freight. '
The girls had comparatively no cloth
ing and must have suffered physical
torture in making the trip.
While the whole facts have Just been
brought to light, the delivery of the j
girls took place over a month ago when
the snow was still thick on the ground. '
The two girls were aged 13 and lii years, j
! and in the younger one's journey of j
i 100 miles to the new owner she was '
j left In her box In a vehicle all night
! and the thermometer was at cero.
The party had stopped at a well-known
half-way house between Quesnelle and j
I Soda Creek. Mrs. Langaale, the pro- j
1 prietress, strongly protested against |
such inhuman treatment, but the men !
brutally laughed and said she was only i
I a Chinese swine any way, and they had 1
{ been paid for delivering her. Quong. |
1 the father of the unfortunate girls, has j
j two wives, and is known for miles j
i around as a brute for his treatment of ,
| them. They do all the \\<>rk. wash gold
from the placer claim they have been |
living on for years, and take in wash
j ing from other miners around.
The girls are children of a wife who
was married under the Canadian law. I
; The elder girl, having only ordinary ;
feet, was sold for $250, but the younger
went to a Chinaman at the forks <>f j
' Quesnelle, who already has one wife,
bringing $500. Her feet were mangled
to suit the purchaser's taste.
Now ft. Is said that the white •wretch
who has been the principal in the per
petration of the crime so far is crush- I
I ing a third girl's feet to sell her more j
! advantageously later. She Is now a
' child of 11 years, and 1b kept for hours !
sitting in a cage something like stocks,
having her feet compressed into the
most stylish Chinese mod.'. The pro
vincial authorities are taßing the mat
ter up, and even Eastern social purity
i societies, who have heard the awful de- |
j tails, and know of the more awful re
j suits of the crimes that have been com
mitted, are taking prompt action in the i
matter.
So far there is only conjecture as to
the names of the men who have com
mitted the crime. The names of prom
inent men are freely mentioned, and
if summary justice Is dealt them- it will
not be contrary to the expectation of
many people in the community. Thu
girls are known all through the camp,
and their sudden disappearance caused
inquiries to be made. Then the young
er ono was found with her new owner,
and Mrs. Langdale told all that she
knew of the visit of the men and their
brutal treatment of the girls.
Farm Hands Are Needed.
STOCKTON. May 26.— There is every
reason to apprehend ;i .dearth of field
hands during the coming harvest. For
two years the overplus of labor in the San
Joaquin Valley amounted to almost a
pest, as the idle men augmented the rov
ing bands and sooner or later degenerated
Into common tramps. Experienced har
vest hands will come near commanding
their own price this season, and unless
there Is a migration of farm laborers this
way the harvest will proceed slowly and
be long drawn out. Contractors are also
finding that general labor is scarce. H.
E. Barber, who has a contract on the Val
ley road at Antioch, could use more men
and teams If he could only get them, and
there are similar reports coming in frum
other Bources. ■ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 26, 1899.
vestigate the row in Illinois was com
pleted by the appointment of Woodson of
Kentucky, and an amendment to the res
olution of Gahan of Illinois, which was
judged a tritle warlike in its tone, was
offered, declaring it the duty of the com
mittee to confer with Chairman Jonea
with a view to settling the trouble. :~.
A committee of rive on press masters
was appointed, it? members being How
ell of Georgia, Daniels of North Caro
lina. Troup of Connecticut, Woodson ol
Kentucky and Stone of Missouri. . ,
It was declared the sense of the meet
ing that it was advisable that a regular
meeting of the national committee should
be held in the near future, and Commit
teeman Stone, who acted as the presid
ing officer of the meeting, was instructed
to so notify Chairman Jones and request
him to cali the meeting for July 20 in Chi
cago. Stone of Missouri and Walsh of
lowa were appointed a committee to draft
by-laws for the committee, to be sub
mitted .at the next meeting in Chicago.
Notice was received by the conference
■ that H. B. Ferguson of Albuquerque,
New Met, had been appointed a member!
of the national .committee, in place of |
: F. A. Manzares, who has tendered his
resignation. The Democratic State Com
mittee of Massachusetts sent word that
It had removed John W. Corcoran as na
tional committeeman and appointed
George F. Williams of D.edham, Mass., in
his place. . -.
A large number of letters and telegrams
were received during the day from prom
inent Democrats in all sections of the
country, expressing sympathy with the
meeting, and many of them urging ad
herence to the Chicago platform. '
Mr. Bryan said at the conclusion of the
conference:
"I am satisfied that great good has
come from the meeting, and that the
Democracy will be in a better position to
make the light in the coming, election
than it has ever been. It was not de
signed thai any action should be taken
at this meeting. It was called* solely for
the purpose of getting an Insight Into
the conditions in the different States and
urging those that nave in any way al- j
lowed their organizations, to lapse from ;
, what it should be to get to work at once
I with the object of putting matters into
the best condition before the serious work
oi next year. What action will be taken
by the Democracy regarding its plat
form It is too early to discuss; but I am
■ sure of one thing, and that is that silver
will not be relegated out of Bight It can
. not be. It is an issue that has come to
stay, and the people will not allow It to
be put In the background."
Ex-Governor Altgeld expressed views
1 similar to those of Mr. Bryan, and said
in addition that as far as the ! light
I against Devlin is concerned, "it is ridicu
lous. They cannot hurt Devlin and they
cannot hurt me."
Notwithstanding the statements of Mr.
Br.wfn and Mr. Altgeld it cannot be gain
said that there is a strong undercurrent
of feeling among the members of the na
tional committee that silver should not
! be given the exceedingly prominent place
■ that it held in the last campaign. It ma y
: be one of the" leading features of th'o
platform, but they declare openly that
they think there are other things that
should be given as much importance in
the declarations of. the party as silver
and one of these that finds the most fa
: vor with them is "anti-trust."<
MAUDE'S SEAT
NOT CONTESTED
Highway Commissioner
Price Retires.
■'. I Uapatch to Th.- Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 25.— Highway
Commissioner J. R. Price, tugging a
bamboo telescope basket after him,
turned his back on the Stat< Capitol
this afternoon and took the drat cai
• depot. The next time Mr. Price
cornea to town it will be in a social
way. for he is no longer connected with
the department of highways, having
relinquished his title to the office, giv
en him yesterday by Commissioners
Manson and Ashe, in favor of Governor
Gage's appointee, J. L. Maude.
it will be remembered that Commis
sioners Manson and Asne met yester
day and resolved that their lawful suc
cessor was J. R. Price, and that they
should refuse to turn over the keys of
the Office to Maude or anybody else no
mutter if he should present credentials
as numerous as blades of grass or> the
Capitol swards. It was now "up to"
Mr. Price, and the latter very gra
ciously accepted the task of the next
move by stepping down and out.
But the retiring commissioners,
whose record in the recent Polsom
highway campaign proved their mettle
to the satisfaction of the taxpayers of
Sacramento county, did not quit office
without paying their respects in an
ironical way to Governor Gage. These
commissioners presented to the Legis
lature at its last session five carefully
prepared bills, r.elating to public roads
and the expenditure of road funds
Three of these bills passed the L,egisla
ture. but Governor Gage withheld "from
them his signature.
Prior to the final adjournment the
commissioners entered on their official
minutes this naratlve of their treat
ment at the hands of the Executive:
While the bills were under considera
tion by the .Legislature, the Secretary
under instructions of the department;
waited upon the private secretary of the
Governor and conveyed to him a mes
sage rrom the commissioners to the Gov
ernor to the effect that the members of
the department held themselves in readi
ngs to furnish any Information that the
Executive might desire as to the purport
and the necessity of the department bills
.No response romlng from the Executive
I '- partment. President Manson called
upon the private secretary, and. in his
official capacity, tendered his services
and those of his colleagues in the mat
ter of, explaining the bills and in giving
information upon road matters generally
No official recognition of this offer was
given.
When Assembly bills 552, 554 and 602
had passed both houses and had been
transmitted to the Governor the Depart
ment of Highways at a' special meeting
directed President Manson to prepare a
communication to the Governor in which
he should again tender the services of
the department in explaining fhe pur
poses of the bills and to give in the let
ter a succinct statement of the depart
ment's reasons for urging the passage
and sighing of the bills. This communi
cation was prepared and transmitted to
tli" Governor. No acknowledgment of its
receipt was mado and the affer made
therein was not taken advantage of.
Before his departure from the city
J. 11. Price said that his colleagues
and himself had concluded that they
would not contest Maude's claim to the
office, and that they would do nothing
calculated in any manner to interfere
with the workings of the department
or the progress of the good-roads
Stockton's Double Celebration.
STOCKTON. May 25.— The committee
having in charge the approaching Fourth
of July celebration is making an effort to
scpurran arrangement with the Santa Fe
people whereby the first through train
from the south can be made to arrive here
on the nation's birthday. The object Is to
make a joint celebration and to ask all
of the adjacent country to join in the
Jollification. The committee, of which
Mayor-elnU Harrtson is the head, la
■working bard to make the celebration a
big affair, and a special committee will at
once confer with the Santa Ke people and
see what can be dohe in the matter.
••Pegamoid" roM. latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.»
STRAW BONDS
ENCOURAGED BY
SUPERVISORS
Forfeited Bonds Not
Collected.
PETITION HADDESIREDEFFECT
AMOUNT COLLECTED IN EIGHT
YEARS WILL NOT PAY COSTS.
Attorney Joseph E. O'Donnell States
Facts Which, the Grand Jury
Would Do Well to
Ponder Over.
The investigation by the Grand Jury
into the "straw bond" question, which
was resumed yesterday, is timely, as
there is ample evidence of the fact that
the pernicious system that was in vogue
about eight years ago and was success
fully combated for somf years has again
reared its head, and unless crushed will
be as Wd if not worse than before.
This year four notorious criminals were
allowed to escape on "straw bonds," but
one of thorn was recaptured. They were:
"Dink" Wilson, a notorious burglar and
bunko man: "Australian Eddie," one of the
cl( verfli i pickpockets in the United States;
Cassius Blackman, the policeman charged
with grand larceny, and Harry Wilson,
the negro suspected of being the strangler
of dissolute women.
Besides these casea there are a number
of others that have not come to light, as
they ;;n of minor importance; but the de
velopments before the Grand Jury in the
matter of bonds accepted by Clerk Kelly
<if Judge Graham's court amply testify
' to tht- fact that the acceptance of bonds
! has become b farce, and some drastic
mi asures must b< adopted to eradicate
■ the evil.
One of the worst features in the case
of forfeited bonds is the fact that the
Board of Supervisors, instead of doing
everything In their power to abate the
I evfl. encourage it. although perhaps not
: realizing the effect of their action.
When a bond has been declared for
felted in the Superior or Police courts
and th< sureties on the bond were respon-
Bible people it has been the custom for
the bondsmen to petition the board to be
relieved from their obligation. The peti
tion was always sent to the Judiciary
Commit tei i t the board and a resolution
was passed instructing the attorneys
who had commenced suit for the recovery
of the amounts In th< bond to .stop pro
ceedings. This resolution was sent before
the bean 1 , and adopted, and the result
was that tile attorneys hud to withdraw
the suit and losfl their costs.
Attorney Joseph E. O'Donnell of Jones
& O'Donnell was appointed to look after
the recovery of forfeited bands about
eight years ago and he holds that pos.i
ti n now. yesterday on being questioned
on the subject of "straw" and forfeited
bonds in' said :
"When I was appointed about eight
years asi" u< lo.ok after the collection of
ted bonds 1 soon discovered that an
organized gang was in existence who
made a living in the business of accept
tng straw bonds. Immediately after find
ing that out I instituted a crusade against
straw bondsmen and after a year or so
■ tin then Chief Crowtey complimented me
upon my work In almost eradicating the
: evil." . •
"Within thp I'nst two years this perni
cious system has again been rearing its
: and many sur-ties entirely worth
ier.- have been accepted. Clerks in the
Police Courts and others have been ex
tremely negligent In accepting bonds, If
nothing worse, and 1 have experienced
' u r • • .- 1 1 trouble in getting nosseßsion of ihe
boi 'is forfeited, as the excuse was al
waye given Jhat they had been pigeon
hole il or mislaid.
"I have suggested many times in my re
ports to the Board of Supervisors a sys
tt-m whereby one uerson should take
charge at and be responsible for all bonds
accepted, more particularly in the Police
Courts. 1 cannot watch the Police Courts
and must rely upon the clerks of the
courts to notify me of any bond that is
not considered right. My duty is merely
to take action when a bond is declared
forfeited. There mv.>: be a responsible
party to look after these bonds and a reg
ister and lndi x should be kept showing
what had become of each bond.
"Bond Expert Newman generally at
tends to Ills duties as far as he is able
and as far as the Superior Courts are
concerned few bonds have been declared
forfeited since his appointment, as he
keeps himself posted as to the status of
the sureties, but he Is handicapped in the
Police Courts by the fact that the clerks
do "not hand him the bonds for a consid
erable time and sometimes not at all.
"Within the past few years the Chinese
bonds forfeited have been very few, and,
; in fact, there have been none at all, which
is due to the appointment of Dong (.iong
to examine all such bonds submit teiH
Previous to his appointment the Chinese
bonds forfeited were extensive. Ftv" the
year ending June 30. lsy.'S, forty-nine ac
tions were instituted on forfeited bail
bonds, and for the year ending June 30. »
lS'.ll, thirty-nine actions were instituted.
the majority In both years, b-'ing Chinese,
the defendants either having gone back
to China or given fictitious names. As
far hack a.s !>>i«l I recommended the ap
pointment of a Chinese expert on bonds
and another expert to look after the
qualifications of sureties generally. Dong
(long has been appointed for about four
years and Newman for three years, but
there must be a person appointed who
will be able to devote his whole time to
bonds offered In the Police Courts and
thereby ■ do away with the scandalous
system that is again too prevalent.
"During the eight years I have had
charge of the collection of forfeited
bonds enough has not been recovered to
meet my legitimate expenses, and I am
a loser on the business. The. trouble has
been that when responsible men were on
forfeited bonds they petitioned the
Board of Supervisors for relief and al
ways got it. Suits have been commenced
and attachments Issued, but the order
came from the board to drop all proceed
ings and I had to ask for a withdrawal
of the cases and consequently lost my
legitimate costs. The whole business Is
a farce. 1 have had no cases yet for the
Interference of the present board.
"As I have already said, the 'straw
bond" evil is becoming as had as It was
I eight years ago, and unless an example
| is made of some of the men who make
it a business it will grow in volume and
strength and criminals will continue to
escape punishment for their crimes, as
has bpejn shown on more than one occa
sion this year already."
POKER PLAYERS PLEAD GUILTY
The Conviction by a Jury of L. B.
Hansen Is Having a Good
Effect.
The victory gained by Prosecuting At
torney Carpenter on Wednesday in secur
ing a conviction by a jury of L. R. Han
sen, proprietor of the poker club adjoin
ing tho Metropole saloon on Market street,
for permitting a percentage game of poker
to be played has had a good effect.
Yesterday, when the cases of Frank
Winn, W. Parker. C. Slpe, Alfred Bar
nard. Julius Klein, Budd Williams and
John Masdn, who were arrested along
with Hansen for playing a percentage
game, were called in Acting Police Judge
Groezinger's court, Carpenter stated that
the defendants were willing to pleaJ
guilty on condition that a nominal tine
be imposed on them, and as they derived
no benefit from the percentage he thought
it would be better to agree to the propo
sition which met with the approval of
tii» chief of Police.
The Judge said he would take time to
think over the matter and would reserve
his derision till to-morrow after he had
Imposed sentence on Hanson.
New light on Christian Science and
its development in next Sunday's
Call.
DEATH CLAIMS
TIE MASCOT OF
THE KANSANS
The Sad End of Little
Johnnie.
A VICTIM OF THE PLAGUE
THOUGH A CRIPPLE, HE SOUGHT
GLORY ON THE BATTLEFIELD.
Joined the Regiment in This City
and Ran Away With It When
It Departed for the Phil
ippines.
Johnnie MeLaughlin lies dead at Manila
and the Kansas regiment mourns over
the loss of its mascot. They found him
here when the regiment was camped out
johininie Mclaughlin.
by Lone Mountain, and though he was
small and a cripple ne won the hearts of
the soldiers and- they took him In and
made him one of their number. And when
the regiment Bailed for the Philippines
the mascot went too.
He was far below the legal nge, but
somehow it was managed and the first
his parents knew of his intention came
from the letter telling them he bad gone,
He was a comfort to the boys in their
camps before the enemy and even in the
trenches and men and officers grew fonder
of him as the campaign progressed. He
was at nil the battles of his regiment, but
there was no Filipino bullet for him. He
shared the hardships and he shared the
glory, and In spite of his wooden leg and
his tender yeara he was fast becoming a
soldier, when one day his name appeared
on the sick list and three more had
passed when' he was reported dead. It was
not tli" chances "f batth — it was the
smallpox. The little fellow who had gone
bo far and borne so much for glory died
In the rode army hospital of the horrible
Island plague.
The little mascot's life deserved a bet
ter end. It had been but a burden and
a trouble to him from his early boyhood
and the time he spent with the volunteers
was one of the few bright spots that
marked his years.
Johnnie was horn in Philadelphia
and when but a child he was run over by
a train. One result was the loss of t ,nr
of his limbs; the other was the financial
ruin of his father. Leaving Philadelphia
he came out to San Francisco and estab
lished a small cigar business which was
keeping him alive when the war began
and the Kansans came West on their way
to Manila, lie was tired by an ambition
to go to the front and he went. He was
not bodily fit for a soldier's trials, but
he had the mind and heart of a hero. He
was buried with military honors.
STRUCK HIS AGED WIFE.
John Zweifel Arrested for Brutally
Beating His Better Half.
An elderly woman, giving her name as
Ellen Zweifel, walked into the Central
Police station yesterday and amid tears
she asked that her husband bo arrested.
"Ho brutally assaulted me," she re
marked, as she pointed to a lump over
her right eye. €l I want him thrown in
prison."
Mrs. Zweifel lives with her husband at
346 Hayes street. Yesterday afternoon
she claims, he returned from his work,
and after accusing her of not showing
him proper attention, he struck her in
the face, knocking her down. He then
kicked hfr as she. lay prostrate on the
floor. The unfortunate woman, bruised
and bleeding, staggered out of the house
and walked to the police station. Cap
tain Wlttmnn, after listening to her
story, immediately sent Policeman Phil
lips to arrest the man. Ho was found at
their home and placed under arrest. At
the f'lty Prison Zweifel was charged with
battery.
A Hare Opportunity.
To those who are actually seeking
employment the offer made by the firm
of C. R. Hansen & Cb, 104 Geary street,
to workinßmen, is almost unprecedent
ed. The work of completing the gap
on the Coast railroad near Santa Bar
bara is to be pushed with the greatest
vigor and teamsters, concrete mixers,
gravel screeners and laborers are
wanted at once, wages being $l 75 and
$2 a day. C. R. Hansen & Co. are ad
vertising not only for an unlimited
number of men but agree to waive
their office fee and furnish free trans
portation. Full particulars are given
In the want column of The Call.
Fire Department Changes.
The Fire Commissioners mot yesterday
afternoon, when a petition from Philip
Moholy, stoker of engine 11, to be changed
to hoseman of engine 10 was grafted
James Minnlgan was promoted from hose
man of engine 10 to steward of chemical
engine 3, and N. Barbetta from steward
of chemical 3 to fireman of engine 11. A
petition from residents at the Cliff House,
requesting that a competent engineer and
driver be provided by the department for
the engine supplied to them recently, they
agreeing to provide a house for the en
gine, men and horsrs, was referred to the
Board of Supervisors.
CAPE NOME EXPEDITION.
Schooner Mildred E Leaves for the
New Gold Fields.
An expedition left this port yesterday
for the new gold discoveries at Cape
Nome and Golovin. Bay. The Mildred E,
which was chartered by the Alaska De
velopment and Exploration Company, left
with provisions on board to last fifty men
| for one year, .besides tools and machinery
1 to work the placers by hydraulic power.
The company sent five men with J. W.
Ruddock of Calavcras as head miner to
locate and work valuable claims I
jby it. J. A. Clover, president, and S.
Kampe, treasurer of the company, will
leave on June 5 for St. Michael to make
i a thorough inspection of the properties
for the stockholders.
The Mildred E. which is owned by C.
j F. Humphreys, one of the directors of
! the concern, took up 300 tons of frieght.
Including 40,000 feet of lumber. 1000 cases
of coal oil and 2(>o barrels of flour. Con
sidering that advices have been received
! that lumber is selling for $200 a thou
sand feet in that locality the cargo is a
1 valuable one.
Twelve men also went up on the
i schooner in the interest of the Golovin
Bay and Norton Round Mining companies
which located claims last year. They
will be in charge of D. A. McDonald. Vice
president of the company, who will fro
up on the Garonne, which sails for Van
] couver on June 5. A number of others
will go with John A. McGee on the Roa
noke, which will leave Seattle on June 10.
C. F. Humphreys received a letter from
Golovin Bay recently, in wh.ch it was
Btated that $17 a day -as taken out of
one claim and the melting was done by
a common coal oil stove. He says the
prospects are very t- arable !n the new
fields, and he looks for a large exodus
of prospectors. Already a large number
of men have left Dawson City and the
recent fire will no doubt cause many
more to try their luck in iat territory.
The officers •of the Golovin. Hay Com
pany are: T. S. Barstnw of. San Rafael,
president; J, C. Spencer, treasurer; D. A.
McDonald, vice president; directors. F.
Hinz, C. F. Humphreys, E. 15. Cutler and
S. Rotschlld.
Commander in Chief General Miles
and General Miller of the Iloilo expe
dition write about our new memorial
day in next Sunday's Call.
BIG RUN OF SALMON
IN THE SACRAMENTO
GOOD RESULTS OF PUBLIC FISH
PROPAGATION.
This Season's Catch Believed to Be
the Product of the Battle
Creek Hatchery.
Several things have happened recently
which Indicate that the efforts of the
State and United States Fish Commis
sions to stock the waters of the" coast with
salmon to make for the drain of the
fish canneries and Increased consumption
are- beginning to bear fruit. It had been
noticed that ' whenever the salmon egg
1 I'atcheries had turned out limited or small
supplies of fry the corresponding seasons
four years later yielded a correspondingly
small supply of fish. From the time the
hatcheries opened up to four years ago
the eggs hatched ■ and fry distributed ;
amounted to about four millions. During
the first year of the Battle Creek hatch
-1 cry the . season's salmon eggs taken- <
amounted to' sixteen millions. The follow
ing year the product was thirty. millions
and last year the Amount reached forty
millions. As It takes about four years
for salmon to mature it was believed that
the first of the increased output would
make their appearance this season.
Everything indicates" that they have,
for the output of the Sacramento River
canneries is much greater than for some
j time past. The average output of the
i cannery at Black Diamond, which burned
j down a week or so ago, was about 10,000
cases. This year the run amounted to
over 15,000, when the plant was destroyed
by fire in the middle of the season. J. P.
Halter, manager of the Sacramento River
Packers' Association, owner of the plant
i which was destroyed, yesterday wrote to
the Fish Commission the following, which
substantiates the foregoing statements:
~'X consider that we had the best run of fish'
this spring that we have had for at least four
years. Owing to the high price of meat in this
State there was very much more salmon and
other fish consumed and consequently the mar
ket has had from 2000 to 3000 salmon sent here
dally. Of course the price made by the market
men was about half a cent higher than what
the cannery could afford to pay, ami in ; con
sequence the fishermen shipped a great many
fish. If it had not been for this big demand on
the outside the cannery would certainly have
packed up to date of our fire fully double what
the actual pack was. . I>a.«t week there was a
big .run and the Carqulnez Packing Company
was obliged to refuse fish for two days, as
they could not handle them, and on the mar- I
ket down here fish were sold at 2 cents a pound.
Heretofore- I have been somewhat In doubt
as to the ! amount of good the hatcheries were
doing, but I am now convinced that the hatch
eries are Indispensable, and if It were not for
them our stock of salmon would certainly by
this time be only limited. I trust, therefore,
that you will use your utmost endeavors to
keep this work up and the move that you
are now making In regard to killing the sea
lions will certalni" be a great benefit to the
fish industries, as they certainly destroy hun
dreds of thousands ■ of • pounds yearly, as we .
find them following the runs up as far as
Sacramento. . - gjgi£&sss
A double love tragedy, of Salvador
and San Francisco, in next Sunday's
Call.
HIS FRIENDS
DRANK TO HIS
SON'S HEALTH
Acknowledged by the
Captain. -
OCCIThED AT A PARTY
MORE EVIDENCE TO "PROVE ANT
ADOPTION.
Litigation Over a Big Estate Becom
ing More Interesting an 1
the Trial Will Last for
Weeks.
Evidence in the case of Alfred C. Ruiof
son-against the executors of the last wm
of the late Captain Winslow G. Hall. Wk
which the plaintiff seeks Co recover '. «
entire estate of the decease! on the
ground that he was legally adopted by
Captain Hall, is still being heard by Judge
Belcher. Rulofson was 6ri the stand yes
terday and said that at a party given by
Captain 'Hall in his honor in October of
18S2, the captain publicly announced that
he had legally adopted the plaintiff in
'the present action. Many other times,
said the witness. Captain Hall introduced
him to friends an hi* son, and always
acknowledged him as such.
On the occasion of the party referred
to, the witness continued, after the
guests had been Seated Captain Hall rose
from his chair and raising his wine glass
said: "I want all of my good friends to
drink to the health of my son, whom
doubtless you have known up till now
as Alfred Rulofson." The captain gave
parties frequently, it was further said by
the witness, and always took pains to in
troduce me as his son. and I know that
in the law I bore that relation toward
Rulofson. continuing his story, said that
he met Captain Hall some rears before
the adoption, but it was while he was on
the captain's ship and Rulofson had told
him of his unhapp I.'1 .' home life that Cap
tain Hall determined to adopt him. The
proposition was made to Rulofson's father
and as he had no objection Rulofson
quitted his old homo and went to live and
aid his adopted father.
After Captain Hall's death the adopted
son was not mentioned in his will, de
cedenfs entire estate, which is valued at
about $100,000, being bequeathed to col
lateral relatives.
The case will Take several weeks to try, -^
during which period the defense will en
deavor to prove that Captain Hall simply
protected the claimant and never legally
adopted him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iuifiiiif~~~
PALE WOMEN
Women Who Suffer and Are
Greatly Run Down in
Health,
FIND THAT "HUDYAN" RELIEVES
AND CURES THEM.
It is astonishing how quickly woman la
robbed of her good looks, her hopes, Joys and
ambitions, by those diseases that are peculiar
to her sex. Women lose all , interest in life,
iife becomes in many .eases a burden, through
those special weaknesses and disorders of the
delicate organism. In the past halt-century
this class of diseases has been on the increase, <
for the nature of female disorders was not so
thoroughly understood as now. . • ■ . .
When the wonderful curative properties or
Hudyan were discovered, this great remedy
was at once applied to cases of this nature.
The result was almost magical. Women who
were run down and weak, as a result of suf-
fering and distress, were quickly restored to
perfect health and strength. Since the discov-
ery of HUDYAN, thousands of weak and suf-
fering women have been cured by means of this
wonderful remedy. .",■,,„ ,
Women in all stages of physical decline find
that- HUDYAN is a friend indeed, for Invari-
ably it restores to them the glow of health.
HUDYAN is superior to any other remedy for
subduing or allaying nervousness, exhaustion,
excitability, neuralgia, hysteria, tendency to
faint and other distressing symtoms that at-
tend weaknesses and diseases of the female or-
ganism. Irregular menses, weakness, pain ia
back are quickly overcome by Hudyan.
HUDYAN is also the best appetizer, restora-
tive and mild laxative that woman can find.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— soc a
package or six packages for 12 50
■ If your druggist does not keep HUDTAN,
send "direct to the ,-; v v
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
: Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market St 3.,
• SAN FRANCISCO, CXL.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
■ <%^^<%^^<*^-%^^<%^
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
$ MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 C& 1051KAB8ItST.*et.6th*7a,8.P.Cti. i
T Of - The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
'• ■ «ißt World. Weaknesses or my contracted A
y Ges&s\l disease p«»i«l»«-ly cnrtd hy the oldest T
9IF 51 Speci4lut on the Coast. list. 36 year* 0
$ IT! OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
f (CTSj^gi Comultntion free and strictly private. \ ,
J VCwJ H Treatment personally or by letter. A A A
ft or H Potitiv Curt in e»ery case undertaken. T^
Alt If II A Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY *f A
*I (I 111 JIAHRIAGE, MAILED FKfcß. (A*
i Jl ji, valuable book, for turn) a
f OR JORDAN A CO.. 105! MarketSt.,S. F. T
9 "^^-^^^^fc* ■^^'^^■''^^ '^^ "^^- "^^ Q
DR.MCNULTY.
q^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
X Special Ist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 01 Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'r.«' experience.
Pntlentscuredat Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 3 dully; B.3o to S:3o .-v'trs. Snudavs,lotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. C&H.oraddreas
P. ROSCOK.McNIILTY. M.D.
2C';. Kearny Hi., San Francisco. CM.
fw. lERCES
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
FOR WEAK WOIWEM.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, ' Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wiibt's Indian Veptable Pills'
Are acknowledged by . thousands of persona
who have used them for forty years to curs
6ICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Plat-
files »nd purify the blood. ~ - " -' -SECRETARY OF
A SOCIAL ORDER
A DEFAULTER
NorddeutscherVerein
Suffers Financially.
WILLIAM MUELLER EXPELLED
TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS UN-
ACCOUNTED FOR.
The Officer Confessed to Having Col
lected Dues From the Members
Which He Failed to Place
on Record.
"William Mueller, financial secretary of
the Norddeutscher Verein of this city. is
a defaulter to the extent of nearly $2000.
This revelation came about a month ago
as a surprise to the members of the so
ciety, who held Mueller's reputation for
veracity and honesty above reproach and
who regarded him as a steady and ener
getic associate in fraternal circles.
Mueller's pilferings from the finances of
the Norddeutscher Verein cover a period
of ten years; yet until recently no dis
crepancies in his accounts were noticed,
due to the confidence his associates placed
in him. The defaulter will not be crim
inally prosecuted, but he was expelled
from the society last Wednesday even
ing.
William Mueller became a member of
the Norddeutsi-her Verein on January 5. ,
188 L He rose rapidly in the estimation !
of its members and was honored with the j
financial secretaryship twelve years apo. i
At each annual election of officers since
that time the duties of the office have i
been forced upon him. He made his col- I
lections of dues regularly each month and !
a correct record of his receipts was sup- j
posed to have been entered in the books. |
At a meeting held April 11 some dls- '
cussion arose as to money received for
a badge. It was suggested that the books I
be consulted, and during the examination j
c mr of the members, who had paid their
dues for the month, noticed that their
names did not appear on the records
Mueller was questioned, while no sus
rested upon him. and ho stated that
he had failed to give the credit hy mis
take. He immediately produced the
amount necessary and nothing more was ■
thought of the affair.
Manning Thodes, the secretary of the '
finance committee, was not entirely sat
isfied with the explanation, however, and
mmenced a quiet investigation of
Mueller's accounts. He discovered that
the financial secretary had been in the '
h.-ihit of placing a record of all cash re- i
« <ived in the lMgrr hut omitting it in the i
day book. This system was inaugurated .
by him about ten years ago. and by it he
has realized about $2i"">Ci.
Ferdinand Rathjens. president of the
v.-rein. was acquainted with the facts.
and he appointed an investigating com- i
mittee. whir-h worked from April n until
April 25. Tlip books disclosed the fact
that the dishonest secretary had placed
a portion of the income of the organiza
tion in his pockets after collecting it.
At Tirst he embezzled small amounts, but
itly h» took amounts averaging about
; in January, ivw. he purloined $102
and in a corresponding month in W7 he
ted $r»7. The committee's report was
submitted last Wednesday night.
Each ypar a committee scrutinizes the I
bonks of the order. Having confidence
in the '-ifnVers. it hap never made rigid '
examinations, nor has it checked off each
Item which appears in the accounts. Be
cause of this Mueller escaped detection.
While amount? appeared in one book and
f>n the accounts of the various members, i
■ summary of them was kept in the
final remrds.
Many of the members when the state
of affairs was made known to them by
the committee's report were in favor of
prosecuting the unfortunate secretary.
His friends came to his rescue, however,
and a compromise on dishonorable ex
pulsion was made. The rules of the s»o
--ciety require that a certain number of |
days must elapse after charges have j
been brought before a member can be i
punished for misdoings. Mueller was !
Uiken before the nommittee and when
faced with the conclusive evidence broke
down and confessed. This dissipating ]
any doubt of his guilt, the rules were i
suspender) and Mueller was dropped from j
the roll on the night the committee re- j
id Its findings.
Mueller has been employed by the
Charles Mattheas Company, cigar and
tobacco dealers, as a city salesman.
The name of this firm appears upon his :
bond as secretary of the Norddeutscher I
Yerejn, and when his shortcomings were
made known he whs discharged from its
employ. He hap a wife and family in
this city.
CLUB OF LEADING
RAILROAD MEN
A. W. FOSTER ELECTED PRESI
DENT OF THE ASSOCIATION.
The Club Will Meet Once a Month to
Discuss Problems in Railway-
Management.
An important meeting of practical rail
road men was held -it the Palace Hotel
last evening to organize an association
similar to the Northwestern Club of Chi
■ ;<:;<->. Nearly all the railway lines of the
Coast were represented at the
meeting last night. W. E. Amann. me
al expert. Franklin. Pa., presided.
The list of charter members, embracing
one hundred and three names, was read.
The meeting decided that the new or
ganization should be known as the Pacific
Rallwaj Club. A. \V. Foster was
H. J. Small, first vice
lent: Frank 'Jraham. second vice
president; W. S. Palmer, third vice presi-
W. F. Russell, fourth vice president;
E A. Gilbert, :-rcr>tary and treasurer;
and H A. Hummell, assistant secretary.
The newly ortjaniz'd club will extend its
nee until every railroad organization
(■\ the Pacific Coast .t, represented in its
membership. Monthly meetings will be
held to heal papers or. practical subjects
pertaining to the o<-|iiipment, operation
and maintenance of railway lines. Dis
/! will follow tijp reading of such
t&pers.
CORINTHIAN REGATTA.
The Yachts Will All Be Out on Decor-
ation Day.
The fourteenth annual regatta of the
Corinthian Yacht Club will be held on
Decoration day. There will be five
classes and thirty-eight yachts compet
ing. Two prize flags will be given in each
class. The classes are divided as fol
lows:
Class One (all over 36 feet racing length)
— Nixie, Ella. Clara, Speedwell, Rover,
Lois, Pride.
Thirty-six Foot Class (not over 3t> feet
and over 30 feet racing length)— Harpoon,
Thelma. Emma, Freda, Queen, Edna,
Naiad, Arcturus, Spray, Nereid.
Thirty Foot Class (not over 30 feet and
over 25 feet racing length)— Aeolus. Tru
ant. Amigo. Mlgnon. Emelie, Halcyon.
Twenty-five Foot Class (not over 25 feet
and over 20 feet racing length)— May,
Phoenicia, Mistral, Merope, Cupid, Lap-
Ing, Ceres. Paul.
Twenty Foot Class (20 feet racing
length and all under)— Venture, Dart,
Witch, Dreadnaught. Kittiwake, Phyllis,
Doris.
The start will be made from off Tay
lor street wharf, the 20-foot class start
ing at 11:45 and the other classes each at
fifteen-minute Intervals until 12:45. The
course is all in the north basin and the
race must be run in at most five hours.
THIS APPEALS TO EVERY
PATRIOTIC CALIFORNIAN
♦
I Address to the Public by the Citizens' Committee Haying in
| Charge the Erection of the Monument to the American
| Navy and Admiral George Dewey.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 25, 1899.
TO THE PEOPLE OF CALIFORNIA:
The Citizens' Committee to erect a monument in San Francisco to
the American Navy in commemoration of Admiral Dewey's victory at
Manila Bay respectfully appeals to you for contributions to the fund. We
submit the following
REASONS WHY CALIFORNIA SHOULD HONOR DEWEY'S VICTORY:
1. He aaaed glory to American arms, and gave the United States a position in the world as
one of the great powers, thus extending American influence and exalting American citizenship.
2. He destroyed the Spanish fleet, thereby saving the California coast from ravage, and San
Francisco and other ports from being placed under forced tribute to the enemy.
3. His flagship, the Olympia, was constructed in our chief city, and is a credit to our me
chanics, who share the success of the war.
4. He gave security to our commerce upon the Pacific Ocean, opened up to us the trade of
the Orient, and thus greatly increased the importance of San Francisco and all other Coast cities.
5. Such a monument will aaorn San Francisco and reflect credit on the citizens of Califor
nia. By honoring his name we inspire others to emu/ate his heroic deeds, so that our country
shall a f ways have gallant defenders in its hour of peril.
Thus patriotism and gratitude unite with local pride in this movement, which should receive
the generous support of all.
We estimate that a worthy monument will cost $100,000, and we
seek the contributions, small or large, of every one who loves his country
and feels that a debt of gratitude is due to the navy for its splendid
services, and to Dewey for the pluck, energy and matchless execution
which signalized his glorious victory.
The San Francisco daily papers will receive contributions, which may
also be sent to the officers or members of this committee. A souvenir
receipt will be given in acknowledgment of every subscription to the
fund. Respectfully,
JAMES D. PHELAN, City Hall - - - - Chairman.
CLAUS SPRECKELS. Vice-Chairman.
IRVING M. SCOTT, Vice-Chairman.
CAPTAIN R. H. FLETCHER, U. S> A. (retired),
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art - Secretary.
E. B. POND, 532 California Street, - - - Treasurer.
F. W. VAN SICKLEN, GEORGE D. CLARK, C. L. PATTON,
VANDERLYN STOW, W. G. STAFFORD, J. D. GRANT.
J. B. REINSTEIN, CHARLES BUNDSCHU, COL. C. H. MURPHY,
R. P. SCHWERIN, E. W. HOPKINS, LEON SLOSS,
JOSEPH S. TOBIN, H. G. PLATT, E. B. POND.
q t I THE Dewey Monument Com
•♦• ; mittee, headed by Mayor
© I James D. Phelan, has issued
£ •*• its address to the people of
♦ California, setting forth the
© object for which the committee was
0 formed, giving some of the reasons
♦ why California should thus honor
5 the American navy, and Admiral
.£. Dewey in particular, and calling on
© the people for contributions to the
£ patriotic movement. The amount
V to be raised is named in the appeal
q as $100,000, and the San Francisco
daily papers and all the members
q of the committee are authorized to
4- receive subscriptions.
O The committee will meet at Mayor
4- Phelan's office at 4 o'clock this af
© ternoon when designs will be sum
"*■ mitted for an illuminated receipt to
© be given to every subscriber to the
Q fund, no matter what the amount
+ of the subscription may be, and
9 which the possessors will be glad to
q cherish as souvenirs of the occa-
JoiO>o+<»o+ o ♦ o ♦ o ♦<>♦ o+o+o
MRS, DURRANT
GOES TO JOIN
HER DAUGHTER
Mrs. William A. Durrant. mother of
the late William Henry Theodore Dur
rant, hanged in January of last year at
San Quentin for the murder of Blanche
Lamont in Emmanuel Baptist Church,
left this city last night on her way to
Europe, where she will remain several
yars. The first stage of her journey will
terminate next Tuesday at Baltimore.
The next day she will take the German
Lloyd's steamer Dresden for Bremen,
from which place she will go to Berlin
to meet her daughter, Eulah Maud Alma
Durrant. who has been studying for the
past four years at the Royal Academy of
Music in the German capital.
Since the execution of her son, Mrs.
Durrant has been residing quietly with
i hf>r husband at the family residence, 425
i Fair Oaks street, shunning the notoriety
J brought upon her and hers by the awful
] crimes charged against the son. The
I father has been working at his trade of
i machine operator in the factory of the
I Siebe Shoe Company, and the daughter,
' who was in Europe at the time her
brother was arrested for the Emmanuel
Church murderp. has been perfecting her
' .s»'lf in her chosen profession with the
ultimate hope of being able to make
things easy for the latter days of her
parents.
Before the fatal noose was slipped over
the head of Theodore Durrant. he pruned
I a promise from his mother that she would
visit his sister and carry to her his dying
word that he was innocent of the hein
ous crime charged against him. It had
been the intention of Mrs. Durrant to
' take the trip as soon after the execution
i as possible, hut one reason and another
deterred her, the principal one being the
fear of the notoriety that would attend
her trip if taken while the expiation of the
I tragedy was still fresh in the minds of
the people of the country. Then, again,
her daughter's apprenticeship at the Ber
lin school was not up, and it was decided
between the two that the best time for
the iourney would be that which would
coincide with the graduation, which takes
place this month.
Mrs Durrant was accompanied by her
husband last night as far as the Sixteenth
street station. Oakland, where a silent
farewell was taken. A lady friend of the
family. who is bound for Detroit, was
with "Mrs. Durrant. and will accompany
her to Chicago, which place they will
reach on Monday morning next, b rom
there Mrs Durrani will go direct to Balti
more to take ship for Bremen
"My wife," said Durrant last night,
after he had returned to this side of the
bay "will spend a couple of years in
Europe, traveling with my daughter who
intends to make her professional debut
in music within a very short time. Maud
has finished her instruction in the Acad
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MAY 26, 1899.
pion. These receipts will he mar
vels of artistic beauty, and it is ex
pected that there will he need of
some of them at to-day's meeting.
Of course the illuminated receiDts
will not be ready by that time, so
if the expectations of the commit
tee are fulfilled, a less elaborate
substitute will have to be used tem
porarily for some surprisingly large
amounts have already been prom
ised and Treasurer K. B. Pond will
go home with a handsome start on
the $100,000 in his custody.
There are many important mat
ters to he considered at to-day's
meeting, for the committeemen have
been hard at work since last Tues
day on various matters pertaining
to the work, and will have some in
teresting reports to make on the
encouragement they have received.
For instance, the sub-committee on
finance has had under consideration
a number of ambitious plans for
raising money which they will prob-
emy of Music in Berlin and will begin at
once to get up a repertoire preparatory
to making her bow before the critics. Of
course, it depends upon them to a great
extent how successful her career will be.
If they approve of her work on the piano
it will be easy sailing; if not, I cannot
tell what will happen."
TWO CYCLERS
COLLIDE IN
THE PARK
Albert Dean, who lives at 2008 L<arkin
street, may die of injuries sustained in
a bicycle collision last night. While rid
ing in Golden Gate Park he lost control
of his machine and he crashed into A. L.
Reilly, who was ccming in an opposite
direction, with the result that both cyc
lists were sent to the Paik Receiving- Hos
pital.
The accident occurred shortly after 9
o'clock. Dean was on his way to the Cliff
House and near the end of the speed track
he. was unable to manage his Bilent steed
on the down grade. Reilly was diligently
pedaling up the hill and when he saw
Dean flying to meet him he yelled to him
and moved to the right. Dean became
excited and also yelled and in his excite
ment turned to the left, the result being
that he collided with great force with
Reilly. Both riders were thrown from
their wheels.
Reilly managed to rise and limp off. but
not before he notified a park policeman.
Dean was hurriedly removed to the Park
Hospital, and for nearly an hour Drs.
Niemeyer and Simon worked over the in
jured man. Shortly after Dean was placed
on the operating table he became uncon
scious. The doctors found that their
patient had sustained a hemorrhage of
the ear and probably a fracture of the
skull. His family were notified and a
brother removed him to his home in a
carriage. It is feared he may die.
Reilly escaped with a few lacerations of
the hand and face. Both wheels were
ruined in the collision.
Judgment Against the Fair Executors
A mandate from the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals was filed in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday re
versing the judgment of the Circuit Court
in the case of William Irvine against
James Angus. T. G. Crothers and W. S.
Goodfellow, executors of the last will and
testament of James G. Fair, deceased.
The Court of Appeals directs the Circuit
Court to render judgment upon the admis
sion of the parties contained in the bill of
exceptions in favor of the plaintiff for the
sum of $11,527 »), with legal interest there
on from May 21, 1884, and $156 costs.
New light on Christian Science and
its development in next Sunday's
Call.
ably lay before the general commit- ©
tee. What these plans are. none of ♦
the members will discuss, but they 0
are said to be certain to aid the X
enterprise vastly. ♦
Then the sub-committee on design ©
has been devoting much attention £
to statuary and monuments during- X
the past three days, and is likely O
to have something of importance as ©
well as of interest to report. There §
are several other committees to re- +
port, as well. To-day's meeting ©
will also complete the preliminaries *
for the great undertaking so that ®
when the meeting adjourns every JL
member will have his work mapped ?
out and know just what he is ex- Z.
pected to do. Each gentleman, tor T
one thing, will be assigned to a ccr- *
tain district which he will thor- ©
oughly canvass for subscriptions, +
and there will be plenty of other ©
work for him to do as well. "But X
the members are all enthusiastic x !
and are willing to undertake any A
amount of labor to carry the tribute X
to Dewey to completion. Q
HOXHO+O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ 0 +O+O+O+O+©
OFFICER FLYNN
NEARLY KILLED
BY A CRAZY MAN
Policeman J. Flynn is being congratu
lated by his fellow officers that he is not
now occupying a slab In the Morgue. A
half hour's struggle with a maniac nearly
sent him there. In that short period he
was shot at. choked, kicked and beaten
on the face by Fred Gilbert of 1822 O'Far
rell street last night, and it took the com
bined efforts of five other officers to sub
due the insane man.
The incident created a stir in the neigh
borhood, but none of those who witnessed
the lone officer battling with his infuriat
ed prisoner went to his assistance.
Gilbert became suddenly insane last
evening and drove ins aged mother from
the house at the point of a pistol. She
rushed hatless down the street in search
of assistance and met Officer Flynn. She
Informed him of the state of affairs and
without first calling for assistance the
heroic officer boldly entered the house.
He found the demented son on the top
floor of tho house ar.d at once tried to
pacify him. Fearing that the policeman
was going to injure him the insane man
rushed to the bureau, where he had hid
den the pistol and, pointing it at the offi
cer, deliberately snapped the trigger For
tunately for Flynn the bullets had been
extracted by Gilbert's sister, who feared
he might do injury. The officer closed in
or. his man and then a terrible struggle
ennued. ' °
wl ynl l '?., said to be very powerful, but
with all his strength he could not cope
with the crazy man. Both struggled out
of the dining-room into the hallway
down the steps into the street. During
the battle Gilbert kicked, bit and struck
the policeman in the face, inflicting cuts
and bruises. When in the street Flvnn
managed to get out his whistle and blew
shrill blasts for assistance. Five of his
colleagues responded, and it took their
united efforts to iron Gilbert's fe*t and
hands and remove him to the O'Farrell
street station.
It was later decided to take him to the
Receiving Hospital, and the struggle wan
renewed. Despite the manacles Gilbert
fought as only a crazy man can. When
the bracelets were removed at the hos
pital Gilbert fought with greater vigor
and twelve men were necessary to place
him in the padded cell.
■ The attendants at the hospital claim
that Gilbert was one of the worst cases
they have contended with in their long
experience.
The mother of the demented man states
that her son's condition was due to over
work. He will in all probability be ex
amined to-day and sent to an asylum or
a private sanitarium.
R. T. Brodek, late prop. Baldwin Hotel
barber shop, la located at 226 Powell. *
WINCHESTER'S
CONDITION IS
MUCH IMPROVED
Smallpox Patient Get
ting on Nicely.
NO DANGER OF AN EPIDEMIC
PATIENT AND NURSES ARE COM
PLETELY QUARANTINED.
Dr. Harvey Writes a Letter to the
Board of Health Requesting It
to Assume Charge of
the Cas».
Roy Winchester, Hobbs, Wall & Co.'s
stenographer, who contracted smallpox a
few days ago, was considerably Improved
yesterday. The patient is completely
quarantined, and there is, so the physi
cians say, absolutely no danger of con
tagion. As soon as Winchester developed
symptoms of the dread disease Dr. Wil
liam A. Harvey, his attending physician,
immediately reported it to the Health
Department. Winchester was taken sick
last Saturday morning, and in the after
noon Dr. Harvey was called in to attend
him. The patient was removed to the
Mac Lean Hospital, and there he began to
develop the symptoms of the disease. He
suffered from a high fever, had pains all
over his body, and the rash began to as
sert itself.
Winchester was instantly removed to a
cottage at 28 Caselli avenue, and every
precaution was then taken to destroy any
germs that might, have existed in his
room at his home, 577 Ellis street, or at
the hospital.
When Dr. Harvey visited the patient
yesterday morning he found him very
much improved.
The cottage where Winchester is being
treated is the property of the Mac Lean
Hospital. Since the Board of Supervisors
ordered and effected the destruction of
the Pesthouse there is no place at the dis
posal of the Board of Health where cases
of this kind can be treated. As Dr.
O'Brien, the Health Officer, had no au
thority to purchase a structure where
Winchester could be isolated the Mac Lean
property was pressed into service.
Dr. Harvey directed a letter yesterday
to the Board of Health, calling their at
tention to this state of affairs, and also
reminding them that it was the duty of
the Health Department to take charge
of and treat cases of this kind after they
assume the responsibility of isolating
them.
"Winchester's condition was very much
improved to-day," said Dr. Harvey.
•'There is no reason for alarm, as his
case is quite mild and every precaution
has been taken to prevent a spreading
of the disease. 1 am not very fond of
taking care of this case any further, and
1 wish the Board of Health would relieve
me. Not that I am fearful lest 1 should
contract the disease, but because J think
it is the duty of the city to adminster
medical aid to patients after it once as
sumes charge of them. A physician
should be furnished by thr- Board of
Health. If the Pesthouse had not been
destroyed Winchester could be treated
there by a city physician."
THIS STATE TO HAVE A
SPECIAL WHEAT SERVICE
WEATHER BUREAU TO ESTAB
LISH IT IMMEDIATELY.
Local Forecast Official Willson Now
Equipping Stations on the Line
of the Valley Road.
The Weather Bureau began work on a
special wheat service in this State yester
day. Local Forecaster John H. Willson
is now in the San Joaquin Valley estab
lishing twelve stations along the line of
the Valley road. He will equip the fol
lowing places with rain gauges and maxi
mum thermometers: Elmwood, Merced,
Le Grand, Lrankershim, Fresno. Reedley,
Hanford, Visalia, Tulare, Angiola, Dewey
and Bakersfield.
The Valley road is actively co-operating
with the bureau in the inauguration of
this important branch of the service and
has placed its train agents at the places j
named at the disposal of the Department
of Agriculture. Special wheat bulletins i
will be issued daily from June 1 to July 15.
Telegraphic reports will be received at the
local office concerning the conditions
which affect the growth of wheat just
before harvesting, and it will be of in
calculable benefit to the community to
know the maximum and minimum tem
perature and the rainfall each day.
Head Weather Official McAdie, In dis
cussing the project yesterday, said:
"The inauguration of a special wheat
service in the valley is part of a plan
formulated some time ago by the depart
ment to obtain information from the
wheat growing centers of California. In
the East the cotton, rice and wheat belts
are provided with special services known
as the cotton, rice or wheat region serv
ices. The exchanges are chiefly inter
ested in knowing what the conditions are
day by day throughout .these belts.
"It is the intention to operate the serv
ice during the month of June in particular '
when the wheat is ripening, though it
may ultimately be run through the ger
minating period also. We are constantly
besieged for information regarding the
prevailing daily conditions, and the spe- I
rial service will make it possible to give
it intelligently. The thanks of the de
partment are due to the Valley road for
its aid in the proposed improvement.
"We have added a new symbol to our
weather map. called the 'thunderstorm.'
and yesterday used it for the first time in
noting two thunderstorms at Kalispel,
Mont., and Baker City, Idaho. There is
considerable rivalry among the bureaus
at Boston, Chicago. New Orleans, Min
neapolis and San Francisco for improve
ments on the map service, and we regard
this as one of much importance."
McKenzie Will Sustained.
A jury in Judge Troutt's court yester
day sustained the will of the late John G.
McKenzie and decedent's estate, which is
valued at about $SSOO, will be distributed
according to the provisions of that testa
ment. By the terms of the will Mrs. Mc-
Kenzie was given a life interest In a piece
of property on Buchanan street and $2000
in cash. The remainder of the estate was
devised to the testator's children. Mrs.
McKenzie, not wishing to be held to life
estate provision, contested the will, al
leging undue influence on the part of
Joseph A. McKenzie, the eldest son. The
jury held that the allegation was not
founded on fact, however, and sustained
the will.
Original Little Beneficencia Publics Co.
of San Francisco, Cal. Drawing
May 25, 1899.
No 44825 wins $37V1 On. sold in San Francisco,
<al •' No 51 MO wins $12.10 01, sold In Virginia
City' Nev ; No. 47388 wins $625 00, sold in San
Francisco Calif. : Nos. 27432. 51154, 63022, 64670
and 79523 each wins $62 50, sold In San Fran
cisco, Calif., and Benlcla, Calif.
A LUCKY MAN!!!
C. O. dohanson. an Employe on Board the
S. P. Co. 'a Freight Boat "Transit,"
Drew $400 on a Ten-Cent Ticket.
San Francisco, May 19. 1899—1 hereby certify
that I was the holder of ticket No. 32,482 In
Henry S Cahn & Co.'s Little Honduras Lot
tery, for which I paid ten cents, and that on
the drawing of May 13, 1899, my ticket drew
$400. This amount was promptly paid to me
In full on presentation of. the winning ticket to
Henry S. <"'ahn & Co. C. O. JOHANSON,
JTreirht Boat Transit. •
EMPORIUM.
Wax Figure TIIE I I^Ji Vargas and J
Exhibit "ChrKMWn, "%3 Ivl G " /a Stn * «
Be/or, Pilots"; P^©oW J tllle . ail . i "5 jMA " G ""' vr ' ♦
C/ 0 5" J UH *^CAUFCRniAS AMERICA'S GRAtiDEST STOF£. Saturday Night- *
// c ALL-DAY 2
// Of>£C/AL Sales — // «
6/ 1/ n
Bai gain Friday Special in Our Greatest Special Sale. J
BoyS 9 Suits. Wash Materials. J
*^ To-day (Friday), while quantity lasts, we *
Regular $3.50 and $4 offer 80 pieces of 36-inch Percales (we ♦
Values for $2.35— T0- ke . P onlv th 9 best kinds ). 20 P ieces of Z
,  , . . crinkled Seersuckers ani some odd
r~~\ d(iV ( hruUv l only, lines of 10c Ginghams and printed Or- *
A Si^^y we offer 105 Boys' j gandies, every piece of which is new ♦
W \aJ Double-Breasted ani seasonable— yard 5c *
W^VsT>S\ Coat nee - ants | ° nlv quantities stated on hand— J
W\ &^\ Sui* s; ' handsome robjblv not enough to las all day. <*
if (t r^ d \ new goods, strictly *
.(«/.••?/ all wool — Suits that Bargain Friday Sale. "f
VL .6 f are made ii and will Teapot Stands. *
M J 77 fit as well, as any „ .> ."^ ™ r,,^^,*
' . L .f .V t" -.n <E1 -«,•/ Square Majolica Teapot Stands, 6x6 inches «
TA //J^.DU or io Off in size- white, yellow or blue ground, «
//I /y for $2.35 with raised designs — flowers, birds, •#
JJ \p| // All sizes, Bto 16 years. animals, etc.— regularly 15c each— ♦
[ ( / Two colors in small sizes, special to-day 9c *
/ \ Six colors in large sizes. — 2,
111 E-L Money rounded in Bargain Friday Special in «
0 — ■ ! stantlv and without Rose Studies* %
question if Suit's i- — —^ «
not satisfactory when you have <t^^j^^^u * -#•_ | %
them . home and examine them "^^^^^^^^fso^^^^o *
Specials Friday and Saturday. j I . """ "^^^^iwt*--^- - J . ♦
GrOCerieS LiqUOrS Paul de LongpiVs beautiful Study of -J
Macaroni In bulk, vellowor white. Ro . 3 "' size , 12x20 inches handsomely «
cut in short pieces, regularly He lb- olored and f mounted on f^-mch em- *
for 2 days. 6 lbs f0r....;. ......250 bos e mOUnt - re ularl - v 15c-sp B cial *
Pearlihe- The large size— for 2 days to " day - 7O I
Sc\ «
Chicken Tarn ales -Ka &/• pi Bargain Friday Sale +
Street's, boneless— for 2 days 8c /,'. 131 B%~*nnwsg*t *
Tea-Souchong English Breakfast, reg- I I O«""f«f« *
ularly 59c lb— for 2 day5...........4f5c |/s\ LatitpSm *
Maple Sugar -500 1-lb bricks, ■ KJIJ|, Polished Brass Banquet Lamp *
genuine Vermont, regularly 15c each— "Eg'///, like picture— en- <
while supp y lasts We JB*9<\ ameled stand, round cen- ft
Whiskey- Old Government Bourbon, A^^^Vi ter-draft burner, height 25 ♦
100 proot, bottled in bond or distillery fegMßJif inches reguarly $1.48 *
bottliner-special for 2 days 950 ■ each, complete with chim- *
Sauterne—k good value at 75c gal- ney— to-day 0n1y...5/.#5 J
Ion — for 2 days 55c 1§( (J _^^ +
Pabst M ait Extract— Regularly g| /^^Wl^s^ *
$2.65 dozen — for 2 days $2.20 Ml "^^^sLif^-^^ 5
On Bargain Friday Only. \ cS^^^ \\^^^' %
$1.50 OxfOrdS 87c. Fancy shape Gas ' *
Ladies' Dark r-^t&r~ "1" — *• Globes, blue only, regularly 40c «
Chocolate JipA^ U I each— special to-day 16c •*
Color Im- J^^ \^ / * <S
perial Kid "^^^L-r-^-^^,^-/ : Hargain Friday Sale J.
S,:;,^^/ 0 Lace Curtains. *
coin toes, kid tips, turned sewed soles. Fifty pairs (no more) heavy Lace Cartain3,
a strictly up-to-date summer Shoe, in , 3*, yards long, 54 inches wide, all-over
all sizes, sold regularly $1.50 a pair — j patterns, well-filled center, regularly <f
special Friday 0n1y..... 87c\ $1.65 pair— for Friday 0n1y....£f«24 *
*444444*444444444444444444444444444444444*S
THE PASSING
OF A PIONEER
NEWSPAPER MAN
Alfred T. Dewey Is
Dead.
ILLNESS LASTED A YEAR
FOUNDED NUMEROUS JOURNALS
ON THIS COAST.
Was Prominent in Several Fraternal
Societies and Leaves a Large
Circle of Sorrowing
Friends.
OAKLAND, May 25.— After an illness
of about a year, Alfred T. Dewey, found
er of the Dewey Engraving Company of
San Francisco, passed away at his home,
OLFR£D T. DEWEY.
1304 Franklin street, this city, last night.
He was a native of Westtield. Mass.,
aged 65 years, and leaves a widow, one
son, Alfred H., and one daughter, Anita
M. Dewey.
Mr. Dewey was a pioneer newspaper
man of the Pacific coast. In 1556 he sold
out his interest in the Wide Awake
Arr^rican, published at Springfield.
Mass. Later he came to this State and
bought a half interest in the Downieville
Mountain Messenger, with which he re
mained until 1564, when he removed to
San Francisco and purchased an inter
est in the Mining and Scientific Press. In
1869 his firm began the publication of the
Rural Press, and later he established the
engraving company bearing his name.
Mr, Dewey was a member of Oakland
Lodge, F. and A. M., the Masonic Vete
rans Association. Fountain Lodge. I. O.
O. F., and Keystone Lodge. A. O. U.
W. He was prominent also in the Caii
THE EMPORIUM.
fornia State grange, "P. of H.," and was
past secretary of the order for six years,
lie was a charitable man of liberal views,
and leavps a large circle of friends to
mourn his loss.
The funeral will be held in this city
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
family residence.
INDOOR GAMES IN
THE OLYMPIC CLUB
SPIRITED CONTESTS BETWEEN
CLEVER ATHLETES.
The Association Boys Scored the
Greater Number of Points and
Won the Championship.
The first indoor championship field and
track tournament of the Paciiic Athletic
Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union was held last evening in the gym
nasium of the Olympic Club in the pres
ence of a large and select gathering of
members and their lady friends. Accord
ing to tne points scored by the different
clubs the Olympic came out on top with a
score of 25, the Reliance was second with
13, the Academic League third with S,
Stanford score was 6, Young Men's Chris
tian Association score was 5, Ariel Row-
Ing Club ;>. Grammar High School 1 and
unattached 1.
The first event on the programme was
a 25-yard dash, which was run in heats.
The first heat was won by D. . Woodrum,
with J. Jacobs second; time, 3 1-5 sec
onds. The second heat was won .by L.
Buthlert, G. H. Burgers second; time,
3 2-5 seconds. The third heat was won by
J. W. Burgers, ■A. G. Dondero second;
time, 3 2-5 seconds. The final heat was
won by Woodrum, Jacob second and Buh
left third; time, 3 1-5 seconds.
Twenty-five yard hurdle race — First
heat was won by B. Hendrickson, A. G.
Dondero second; time, 4 seconds. Second
heat, B. Moulder first, A. S. Packscher
second; time, 4 1-5 seconds. Final heat,
Henderson first, Dondero second, Moulder
third; time, 4 seconds.
The 600-yard race was won by George
Klarman, with F. W. Burgers second,
from a field of twelve starters; time, 1
minute 26 1-5 seconds.
1000-yard run— Won by W. , Lamont; -1
Brennan second, G. T. Shaw third. Time,
2:44.
The obstacle race was the most amus
ing feature of the evening. It was won
by F. Burgers, with G. Burgers a close
second. No time was taken.
The Held events were as follows:
Pole vault was won by Donald Wood
rum, C. S. Dole Beconi Height. 10 fefet.
Putting Impound shot— First, R. Edgren;
second, I). Woodrum. Distance, 4U feet i
inch.
High jump— First, D. J. Grant; second,
C. S. Dole. Height, S feet 10 inches.
Owing to the lateness of the hour the
broad jump was not held
The officials of the evening were: Ref
eree, W. R. Berry, K. A. C; starter. Phil
Wand, O. C; clerk of course, H. A.
Keeler, A. A. L.; neld marshal, H. L.
Clark. O. C.J judges at finish— George
Gross, R. A. <'.; J. K. Bookman, A. R. C,
and George James, O. C. ; timers— George
Wetmore, B. C. ; F. W. Butz. < ). C. ; A. i.
Rothkopf. D. R. C; S. J. Pembroke. A.
B. C. and H. Hadenfeldt. O. C. ; rteld
judges— J. Hammersmith. O. C; J. Gen
dotti, A. A. L., and Matt J. Breen, S. E.
R. C; measurers— S. S. Pelxotto. C. P.
A. C; A. D. LaMotte, A. A. L.. and B.
Townsend, A. A. L. : scorer. H. A. Wide
man, L. S. C; announcer, H. Monaghan,
O. C.
FOR A LIVELY CAMPAIGN.
The executive committee of the Young
Men's Republican League of San Fran
cisco held a meeting last night in Judge
Kerrigan's chambers at the City Hail.
The meeting was a special one, called for
the purpose of completing the work of
organizing district clubs in every district
throughout the city for the coming cam
paign. Henry C. Laugrehr presided and
Dr. Charles K. Kohlman acted as secre
tary.
F. K. Spencer, one of the leaders of the
organization, reported that he and the
chairman had already selected delegates
in the several districts and had instructed
them fully as to the methods of organiz
ing the clubs.
It was decided to invite some of the
leading lawyers of the city to be present
at the next meeting to speak on taui new
primary law.
56
8Sr t (Tail
FRIDAY ; MAY 26, 1899 j
1 ■== = I
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. & F
Telephone Main 1S«8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, B cents.
Terms by Mi.ll. Including Postage:
DAILT CALL, (including: P'inday Call), one year f6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 month* 3.00
DAILY CALL. ( Including Sunday Call), I month» 1.60
DAILT CALL—By Single Mor.tb «*sc i
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear l-OO
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
C. CEO. KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Merquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Moth and the Flame."
Grand Opera House— "The Gypsy Baron."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcaxar— "ln Mlizoura."
Tivoll — "The Mandarin."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mas=on and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
Innlla Bay.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Kneisel Quartet Concerts to-night.
Sutrv Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Toboggan Ground?. Dolorea and Twenty-Firth street*.
G\r>n Park— MisFion Zoo and Circ'is to-tnorrow.
AUCTION SALES.
Kaston. Eldrldse & Co.— This Day, at 10:30 o'clock. Fur-
KB Van Xess avenue.
THE STATE FAIR.
THE president of the State Board of Agriculture
has addressed to the Supervisors of each county
and municipality within the State a letter in re
lation to the State Fair to be held this year that de
serves the most earnest attention and invites prompt
and intelligent action. He proposes that, in addition
to its usual features, separate local exhibitions shall
be made of agricultural and industrial products, so
that the fair may be a complete representation not
only of the State as a whole but of each of its parts.
The wisdom of this suggestion is apparent at a
glance, and with the detailed information contained
in the letter and with the facilities for which the most
ample preparation has been made it can be easily
and effectively adopted. These State Fairs for many
- extending back almost to the date of our ad
mission into the Union, have been notable events in
our history. From year to year they have illustrated
our progress in stock-breeding and in staple agricul
tural productions that are not peculiar to any locality.
It has been surprising to observe the amount of capi
tal, of science and of methodical industry, that have
been applied in California to the improvement of
horse?, cattle and all other domestic animals, and to
the diversified lines of agriculture and horticulture.
This State is in the extreme West, but in these most
important elements of natural wealth, in the rapid in
troduction and use of important inventions and in the
adaptation of the best methods of cultivation to
unique conditions, it has not been surpassed in the
East or in the South, and it is in advance of nearly
if not quite all the commonwealths on the Pacific side
o: the Missouri River.
The Berkeley University has been an important
factor in the scientific development of our agricul
tural and horticultural systems, which are steadily ad
vancing. The State Fairs have also been supplemented
by County and District Fairs. But it is now intended
that our central annual exhibition, which has the
prestige of age and of uniform success, and attracts
visitors in large numbers both from within and with
out our own boundaries, shall be perfected by the op
portunity of every locality to display its own special
claims. There is scarcely a county in the State that,
in addition to its participation in general branches of
production,"does not possess some features of industry
peculiar to itself or in which it has become con
spicuous. The artistic presentation of these attrac
tions, according to the admirable plan to which we
have adverted, will constitute a series of invitations
to the right class of immigrants, who will thus be
enabled to choose localities for settlement adapted to
their individual preferences and experiences. It will
also stimulate that generous rivalry which is divested
of the meanness of some kinds of competition, and
which is among the most effective superinducing
causes of solid and durable progress.
The mining industry on this coast is of great and
increasing consequence. There are many other fields
of enterprise that demand and receive constant atten
tion. But .it must be remembered that horticulture
and agriculture still retain their pre-eminence
throughout the United States, and are the solid foun
dations upon which trade, commerce and manufacture
in all their substantial forms securely rest. The re
sources of California, aided by an incomparable cli
mate, are inexhaustible, and in themselves are ca
pable of sustaining a vastly multiplied population. It
is gratifying to observe that, in the midst of our
.Viatic and imperialistic projects, they still command
the close and unrelaxing attention of many of our
best citizens.
The State Agricultural Society will unquestionably
receive the co-operation it has invited from the legis
lative bodies in each county and municipality to which
this latest communication has been addressed, and
official energy locally exerted will effectively aid in
marking the State Fair of 1899 as a distinct advance
upon its predecessors. The influence of the State
could not be more beneficially exercised.
Massachusetts has developed a candidate for the
Speakership in the person of Congressman Moody,
and it has become an evidence of culture in Boston
v> give him a boom and declare him an improvement
on Tom Reed, and thus does New England continue
to show the country how to do politics for all there
is in it.
The Denver man who, finding he has but one lung
left, went to Chicago to breathe it out in song and
reveiry, is hardly to be accounted a wise man, for had
he made a bee line to Los Angeles he might have
taken rank among the aristocracy of the city and so
expanded his chest with pride as to give the other lung
a chance.
RAILROAD AGGRESSIONS CHECKED.
■Tx the article published in The Call of the ißth inst.
II entitled "Judicial Legislation" we expressed the
B* opinion that it was very doubtful whether the Cir-
Icuit Court or the Supreme Court of the United States
Iwould sustain the extreme view of the judicial power
Wo control the action of State Railroad Commissions
i 1 the regulation of freights and fares that had been
claimed on behalf of the Southern Pacific Company
for the decision of Judge McKenna on the application
j for a provisional injunction in the grain rate case.
We then urged the view that the extreme limit of the
i authority of Federal tribunals in respect to such ques
tions was the right to look into the facts just far
enough to determine whether some discretion had
been exercised by State commissions or by any other
i bodies invested with the duty of compelling fairness
tcward the public by such grasping corporations as
have endeavored to control transcontinental and, in
deed, internal transportation facilities.
There are many precedents to justify the conclu
sion The Call adopted, but for years there had been
? distinct inclination toward the absorption of ad
i ministrative functions by the Federal judiciary, which.
' however, to quote our own language, had "at least
scented the danger we have pointed out." Within the
! last few days the Supreme Court of the United States.
in a powerful opinion written by Mr. Justice Harlan,
I has definitely and finally corrected the abuse which
has excited so much apprehension. The case was a
controversy about the establishment of water rates
bj National City in San Diego County, and will have
■ a special interest for the Spring Valley Water Works
; as well as for Mr. Huntington.
It was claimed by the San Diego Land and Town
| Company that the rates fixed by the municipality
were unreasonable and deprived the company of a just
return upon its invested capital, just as in the grain
rate case the railroad insisted that the rates it had
I established were fair and beyond the reach of the
Railroad Commission, when it was not controlled by
Mr. Huntington and by Mr. Herrin. Underneath
this proposition, as it was presented, was the demand
that the Federal court should itself in substance and
in effect pass upon the-entire issue, so as practically
to usurp municipal functions. This doctrine the
Supreme Court of the United States has clearly dis
avowed and has sharply rebuked. It is now the con
trolling law of the United States, placed beyond the
possibility of evasion or equivocation, that the Fed-
I eral tribunals will not interfere in the regulation of
I any rates, whether of water or of railroad transporta
tion, except to ascertain that actual confiscation of
property has not been the result of the action of ad
ministrative bodies, constitutionally or legally in
-1 trusted with duties of that nature.
There have been other and drastic judicial decisions
j lately that affect monopolies like the systems, national
| and municipal, that Mr. Huntington places in antag
onism to the public interests. The case to which we
have alluded, however, upon the point it covers, needs
no support. It is at once just to corporations and to
the people, and will be hereafter cited as a deadly
blow administered to corporate rapacity and inso
i knee.
Before the people approve of an extra session of the
Legislature they will have to be well assured the ex
tras are not to be set up in the interest of Dan Burns
and paid for out of the State treasury.
AMERICAN ALTRUISM.
THE Government of the United States when and
as it was established was not only unique but by
European imperialists it was regarded as a para
dox. Nevertheless it was simply the first organized
expression of the universal and ineradicable desires
of men. It rested upon the full recognition of in
alienable human rights, unrestricted to class or race,
and enumerated in the Declaration of Independence.
Its motive power was the sovereignty of man, con
trolled by the essential moral law and unlimited ex
cept by social necessity. Its theory was perfected in
dividualism. Political institutions, as contemplated
by the founders of the American republic, compre
hensively exercised two functions, capable of many
subdivisions but one permanent and the other tran
sient. They were an established agency for the eco
nomical and effective transaction of municipal, State
and national business, in which individuals in their
different yet harmonious relations were equally con
cerned and which they could not manage lor them
selves. They were a restraint, both by suppression
and by punishment, upon the evil propensities of men
undergoing a gradual process of education and train
ing for the high functions of American citizenship.
But the theory to be practicalized through our in
stitutions was that of perfected individualism. The
belief of our creative statesmen was that the developed
citizen would govern himself and would need but lit
tle positive and extraneous law. It was assumed that
he would voluntarily maintain the barriers to the
exercise of his own will that were necessary for the
fulfillment of the royal precept incorporated in fra
ternity. It '.vas"**onsidered that men who possessed
their own bodies, their own minds and their own souls
could live their own lives and work out their own des
tinies without clash or jar with each other and breath
ing the pure air of liberty and rooting their characters
in the clean and fertile soil of uplifted civilization,
could best fulfill their personal, their domestic and
their social obligations.
American altruism, therefore, is the natural product
of the American system and has its basis in individual
ism. The perfected citizen will be the perfected neigh
bor, and, retaining his own distinctiveness, will most
effectually secure the co-operative results, for which
socialism vainly strives. It is barely possible, but
highly improbable, after more than a century's vindi
cation of our national experiment, illustrated notwith
standing our failures and our inconsistencies by more
than seventy millions of people peacefully and indus
triously existing under our constitutional government,
that we are in danger of retrogression. But it is cer
tain, whether this republic ultimately destroys itself
or stands far as the prophetic eye can reach for its
own ideals, that it is the very antithesis of every so
cialistic conception. Not in their intentions but in
their methods, socialism and imperialism are strik
ingly analogous. They both operate upon the same
principle that leavens every consolidation that tends
to extinguish personal rights and personal identity.
C. P. Huntington in his expressed opinion conscious
ly or unconsciously has advocated intense forms of
socialism. The Mongolian races in which a prevalent
and monotonous type is scarcely disturbed by per
sonal characteristics but the faces of men can hardly
be separately distinguished, is a warning of the conse
quences that would inevitably follow the application
of paternalism to our rugged and intellectual race.
The East Indian Nirvana with its thrilling titillation
of unconscious spirits would be an apt simile for a
socialistic Utopia.
The American ideal applies to natural and secular
relations the deepest expression of all theologies —
"The Kingdom of God is within you." It is within
the heart and the brain of the citizen that his appre
ciation of his own capacity and of his own powers, in
his personal advancement and in all his external as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, HAY 26. 1899.
sociations must reside. The more completely he is in
dividualized, the more perfectly he is "a law unto him
self," the more thoroughly is he fitted to fill his part
in the grand drama of human progress and to identify
himself with the onward march of self-poised, toler
ant, aspiring and expectant humanity.
THE FITTING HONOR FOR DEWEY.
WHILE the American people of all sections of
the Union are eager to render honor to Dewey
and to manifest their appreciation of the value
of his service to the republic, it is to be noted that
their enthusiasm has by no means overcome the clear
common sense which is one of their most salient
characteristics. Their willingness to support any
movement tending to a fitting honor for the hero
does not imply a sanction to all the freak schemes
that have been devised by fake newspapers osten
sibly to pay tribute to the Admiral but really to ad
vertise themselves.
This discrimination on the part of the public is
shown not only in the popular rejection of the minor
schemes, but in the criticism to which the movement
to provide a home for the Admiral in Washington
has been subjected by some of the most influential
papers in the East. That undertaking has unques
tionably many merits. If it be that Dewey's duties
are to require his residence in the national capital
hereafter, it is right that he should have a mansion
worthy of his rank and his hospitality, and alto
gether proper that his fellow citizens should bestow it
upon him as a gift. Nevertheless serious objections
have been made, and some of these on good grounds.
The Chicago News, for example, while commending
the scheme in a general way, says: "But after all is
said and done the affair will not be quite to the taste
either of the people or of the Admiral. It is the best
we can do, but it is a very long way from perfect. It
is called an expression of gratitude on the part of the
nation. But. in fact, only an infinitesimal fraction of
the population will join in the subscription, and, in
spite of all pretenses, the affair will remain a gratuity
bestowed by a comparatively few men — and that is a
thing that nobody likes. Nothing can take away this
flavor, although it is certain that both the subscribers
and the recipient wish to regard it otherwise."
Another objection which has been several times
urged to the undertaking is that while a Washington
mansion would be a notable recognition of the debt
due by the republic to the hero, it would not in any
way serve as a memorial of his victory or be signifi
cant to future generations. It would be a provision
for the private comfort of the Admiral, and not for
his fame or his honor, and to that extent would fall
short of what is his due.
No objections, however, of any kind have been
urged against the movement to erect a monument in
his honor. The discriminating judgment of the pub
lic perceives that such would be indeed the proper
and fitting way in which to commemorate at once the
greatness of the victory in Manila Bay and the pa
triotic valor of the Admiral. To this undertaking,
therefore, the common sense of the people gives full
sanction, and it is received with an unalloyed ap
proval.
It is to be noted, moreover, that Dewey himself has
to some extent approved a similar undertaking in his
native State, inasmuch as he has said in a dispatch
that the purpose of his townsmen to erect a statue of
him to be placed beside the statue of Ethan Allen had
been more gratifying to him than any other honor
that has been proposed. Of course the feeling was
due to the love a man has for boyhood's home and
the praise of those who are dear to him; but it is fair
to assume he would also find no little gratification in
a memorial raised to do him honor on the shores
of that great ocean where he achieved his mighty deed
and won his lasting fame.
STATEHOOD FOR THE TERRITORIES
ONE of the subjects assigned for discussion by
the Trans-Mississippi Congress is that of the
claims of Arizona, New Mexico and Okla
homa to statehood. The discussion will revive an
issue which has several times been presented at Wash
ington, and which has been dropped oi late only be
cause Eastern Senators and Representatives were so
much opposed to the admission of States that might
send silver men to t-he Senate that the advocates of
the claims of the Territories felt it would be vain to
press the subject. The strong majority of sound
money men now in the Senate will lessen that objec
tion, and it is therefore timely to give a thorough
consideration to the issue.
While a State government is much more costly
than that of a Territory under our administrative
system, and therefore is not to be hastily undertaken
by poor and sparsely populated commonwealths, it
has so many advantages that the people of every
American Territory have been eager to assume the
responsibilities and attain the privileges of statehood
as soon as possible. Those of Arizona, New Mexico
and Oklahoma are not different from others and have
long been clamoring for complete local self-govern
ment.
Their claims appear to be fairly well justified. The
Governor of Arizona recently estimated the popula
tion of the Territory at close on 100,000, and the
property is assessed for taxation at a value in excess
of $31,000,000. The annual increase in the wealth
even during the bad years just past has been above
$1,000,000. Less than one-half the Territory is arable
land, but over 250,000 acres are now under irrigation
and large additional waterways are in process of con
struction. More than 800,000 cattle, sheep and swine
feed on the hills; there are nearly 2,000,000 acres of
pine forests, and the mineral output is not only large
but is rapidly increasing.
New Mexico has claims even stronger than those
of Arizona. Her population is close on 300,000, and
of these it is said 79 per cent can read and write. The
industries of the people are various, and, while no
recent statistics are available, it is well known that
the mining and the cattle interests are extensive and
profitable, and there, as in Arizona, irrigation is rap
idly transforming deserts into fruitful farms, gardens
and orchards.
Oklahoma is one of the prodigies of American de
velopment. Established hardly more than ten years
ago, it has now a population of about 330,000. It has
a large area of rich soil, and produces abundant crops
in great variety. It has considerable railway facilities
and quite a number of flourishing towns have sprung
up to handle its business and afford markets for its
products.
The issue is whether or no it be advisable to admit
to the Union States which, while prosperous, are yet
so unformed that the course of their politics is
doubtful. There is danger that such States would be
simply pocket boroughs for millionaire Senators
more noted for their ability to corrupt legislators than
for capacity to deal wisely with national affairs. It
will be of course to the interest of the West to have
the Territories admitted as States, but that interest
must be subordinate to the general welfare of the
nation. The question is in every respect an important
one, and unless the objections heavily outweigh ar
guments on the other side, the Territories should be
admitted and their people given every privilege pos
sessed by other citizens of the United States.
INJUNCTION IS
GRANTED IN THE
GARBAGE SUIT
Judicial Victory for the
Potrero Crematory.
CIRCUIT COURT TAKES ACTION
MUST DUMP THEIR LOADS AT
THE CREMATORY.
Judge Morrow Decides That the In
stitution's Franchise Is Valid
and That Its Works Are Not
a Nuisance.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday morning sot at rest several
questions which have lately been troubling
the scavengers of this city and their law
yers. He handed down an opinion in the j
case of the Sanitary Reduction Works of
San Francisco vs. the California Reduc
tion Company of Colorado, whicji prac
tically relegates the latter corporation .o
the limbo of broken and shattered judi
cial timber.
The California Reduction Company was
organized some time ago for the avowed
purpose of fighting the Potrero crematory
and in order to be able to carry its dis
putes into the Federal Courts it incor
porated under the laws of Colorado. Its
first dispute with its rival garbage reduc
ing concern, however, seems to have re
sulted disastrously, since it appears that
the decision of Judge Morrow yesterday
practically declares against it on all
mooted points.
The California Reduction Company took
the side of the scavengers in their disa
greement with the crematory and offered
to remove their garbage upon barges into
San Mateo County and dump it. This
cculd be done no cheaper than the crema
tory in the Potrero now burns the mate
rial, but it was anything to defeat the
latter, and large uumbers of the scaven
gers joined the scheme and took their
refuse to the barges.
But the first load never left San Fran
cisco. The Sanitary Reduction Works ap
plied to Judge Morrow and obtained an
injunction against the removal of the ma
terial from the county, claiming that un
oei its franchi.se it had the exclusive
right to destroy all the refuse of the city
by fire. At first the scavengers resisted,
but Judge Morrow lined a number of them
for contempt and ever since then the
barges have been tied up to Warren &
Malley'a wharf, unusable and unused.
Both companies then went into court.
The Colorado concern denied all the
equities contained in the bill of the Po
trero company and asked Judge Morrow
to dissolve the injunction. Some evidence
was taken and the lawyers argued long
and vigorously. Yesterday Judge Morrow
brought the trouble to ;i conclusion by re
fusing to dissolve the injunction and hold
ing all the leading points in favor of the
Potrero company.
The reduction company claimed that the
i franchise of the Sanitary Reduction
Works of San Francisco was invalid; that
! its business is a public nuisance and that ;
in the interest of the people It should be i
suppressed. Judge Morrow decides that j
the franchise is valid and that the works i
are not a nuisance. As tbese two were
the points around which the litigation re
[ volved their decision in the manner Stated
constitutes a substantial Victory for (he
crematory company. Moreover. the
court's refusal to dissolve the injunction
continues the embargo upon the barge
scheme and practically renders it use
less.
When it is considered that Judge Mor
row's ruling proceeds upon the broad
ground that the right to burn garbage in
this city belongs to th-j Potrero crematory
it will be seen that the opposition to that
method of disposing of it, whether ema
nating from corporations or individuals,
is to all intents and purposes ended.
Speaking of the crematory's franchise
Judge Morrow says that the fact that it
was not signed by the Mayor after Us
sule by the Supervisors signilies nothing,
since the act of 1593 Joes not require such
signature. The court says:
"In the case of the People vs. Board of
Supervisors of Contra Costa County, 122
California, 421. it was decided by the Su
preme Court of this State that a fran
chise for the construction and mainte
nance of a wharf should have been grant
ed under the act of 1893."
The court said, speaking of the act
above quoted:
"This language is broad in its terms. It
is difficult to imagine language broader
In its significance and more explicit upon
the subject with which the act is dealing.
It Includes the franchise here before us."
And again: "It is Insisted that the board
made a grant of the tianchise under cer
tain provisions of the Political Code, and
therefore it is claimed that the act of the
Legislature passed in 1893 cannot furnish
a test upon which to base a decision as to
an exercise or non-exercise of judicial
function on the part of the board in grant- |
ing the franchise. This position cannot be !
maintained. This franchise should have
been granted by the Supervisors under
the provisions of the act of 1593."
In the face of this decision of the Su
preme court respondents' contention In
regard to the invalidity of order No. 2965
as based solely upon the act of 1593 cannot
be sustained.
Continuing, Judge Morrow says that un
der the constitution the Supervisors pos
sess the power to abate nuisances and
piotect the public health and in order to
do this they may let a franchise to dis
pose of garbage or any other offensive
thing. The cases of Alpers vs. the City
and County (32. Fed. 503) and National i
Fertilizer Company vs. Lambert (48 Fed.,
468) are cited to sus;ain this doctr'ne.
Moreover, the judgment of the Supervis- |
ors as to what is a nuisance is conclusive
and they declare that garbage is a nui
sance and must be disposed of in a cer
tain way; that way must be followed and
cannot be denominated a nuisance in turn
by the courts. Concerning the charges of
the crematory Judge Morrow says:
"The law as established by the slaugh
ter-house cases, 16 Wall., 36, is clearly de
cisive as to the question of the right of a
municipality to impose a reasonable !
charge for the removal of a nuisance, and j
It is not claimed in tne present case that |
the charge imposed by the ordinance is
excessive. The court in that case said:
" 'Unless, therefore, it can be main
tained that the exclusive privilege grant
ed by this charter to the corporation is
beyond the power of the Legislature of
Louisiana, there can be no Just excep
tion to the validity of the statute. And in
this respect we are unable to see that |
these privileges are especially odious or
objectionable. The duty imposed as a con
sideration for the privilege is well defined
and Its enforcement well guarded. The
prices or charges to be made by the com
pany are limited by the statute and we
are not advised that they are, on the
whole, exorbitant or unpust.'
"Respondents maintain that their acts
do not injure the complainant; but if com
plainant is entitled to the whole of the
farbage created in the city and county of
an Francisco, and such is its claim, it
it obvious that the continual shipment of
X must necessarily De injurious to its in
terests and to a degree which would ren
der an injunction pendente lite appropri
ate under the circumstances.
"Let a preliminary injunction issue in
accordance with the prayer of the bill of
complaint."
General Shallenberger Banqueted.
Postmaster Montague and other officials
of the local Postoffice gave a banquet last
Wednesday night in a downtown restau
rant to \V. S. Shallenberger, Second As
sistant Postmaster General. Thirty-one
guests were at the board, and they were
entertained with music and stereopticon
views.
The story of Funston of Manila
and his very adventurous life will
be told in next Sunday's Call.
GROEZINGER
LOCKS HORNS
WITH WITTMAN
Says He Will Not Be
Bulldozed.
EXCITING SCENE IN COURT
PUTTING MEN IN "THE TANKS"
HOTLY DENOUNCED.
Captain Seymour Refuses to Recog
nize the Orders of Captain
Wittman and the Chief
Supports Him.
The ambition of Captain Wittman to
show the Detective Department how to
gather in bunko steerers with the aid of
two of his men— Officers Cullinane and
Chappelle— has brought down on his de
voted head not only the wrath of Chief
Lees, Captain Seymour and the detec
tives, but also Acting Police Judge Groe
zinger, and the developments yesterday
were highly interesting.
While the men were waiting for their
cases to be called in court Cullinane and
Chappelle arrested three of them, Wil
liam Golde"n, J. AY. Simpson and John
Reynolds and dragged them downstairs fo
the City Prison. Reynolds happened to be
in Acting Police Judge Groezinger's
courtroom at the time he was arrested
by Cullinane. When they reached the
prison the officers requested that the
men's names should be entered on the
detinue book.
Captain Seymour happened to drop in
to the prison an' 1 asked why the three
men were being put on the small book.
Cullinane replied that it was by Captain
Wittman's orders. Seymour asked if
they had any other charge except vag
rancy against the men and Cullinane ad- i
mitted they had not. Seymour then re
fused to allow the men's names to be put
on the small book and ordered the offi
cers to release them so that they could
appear in court. Cullinane begged for
five minutes to consult Captain Witt
man, but Seymour peremptorily ordered
that the men be released.
When their cases were called before
Groezinger later Attorney Mack arose
and said that he wished to make a state
ment in justification to himself. It had
been insinuated by the police that the
men released on their own recog
nizances Wednesday would not appear in
court, and their presence was sufficient
to refute that lie. The statement had
been made by Captain Wittman on the
authority of an officer who had been a
traitor to his friends, thereby getting his
position on the police force, and who was
unworthy of belief. The officer had no
character or reputation to lose, and it
was a shame that on his uncorroborated
statement caused by his anxiety to yet
into the upper office he and the Judge
should have been attacked by the news
papers.
The Judge remarked that the ofheer
would never get into the upper office.
Attorney Mack then denounced the po
lice for arresting men and putting .hem
in "the t:inks." which he said was going
back to the days of the Inquisition. Three
of his clients had been dragged to the
prison while waiting for their cases to
be called and an effort made to lock them
up In "the tanks, " which he declared was
a gross outrage.
"I have been roasted by the newspa
pers " said the Judg^, "for simply trying
to do my duty. Some time ago I fined a
man for having a r:ickel-in-the-slot ma
chine in his saloon *100 with no alterna
tive and at the instigation of the police
was roasted for it. This morning the
Chief of Police asks me to do the v< ry
same thing in the poker cases and it just
shows how a trick is turned."
"It was my suggestion." said Carpen
ter, "in regard to the poker cases and
not the Chief's. I merely spoke to him
about it and he said as I had conducted
Hansen's case so well anything I would
do in the other cases would meet with his
approbation."
The Judge then turned his wrath upon
Wittman. "I will not allow you to come
into my court and iry to bulldoze me,'
he said. "You have a record that will
not stand airing and when you order
\our men to arrest men who are in my
court awaiting trial you are trying on
bulldoziner methods that will not be toler
ated Neither you nor Chief Lees can dic
tate to me as to how 1 will run my court."
Wittman said that lie had no intention
of bulldozing the Judge. The reason the
men were to be placed in the tanks was
because Officer Ross on Market street had
told him the men could be identified for
having committed other offenses. He was
not finding fault with the men being re
leased on bail, but with those released on
their own recognizance.
. "I will exercise my own discretion,"
retorted the Judge, "as to such matters,
and will do just as I see fit."
"I guess you will." said Wittman, and
the discussion ended.
Attorney Mack put up $oO cash bail for
each of the five men and their cases were
continued until May SL
When Wittman got outside the court
room he vented his wrath upon Cullinane
for getting him into such a scrape and
:sald he would see that he and Chappelle
were put on street duty again.
Chief Lees said that Captain Seymour '
did quite right in refusing to put the
three men on the small book, as it would
have been a contempt of court. He had
brought the two officers before him and
leprimanded them, telling them that if
there were other people to identify the
men arrested they could have been taken
to the courtroom for that purpose.
Captain Bohen said the men were all
strangers to him and the Detective De
partment, except Reynolds, who was once
arrested for vagrancy. King had been ar
rested by Officer Chanpelle. as the officer
made it out that he had stolen ex-Attor
ney General Hart's diamond ring, but it
had been proved that King was not out
side the city at the lime.
In Judge Graham's court the cases of
J. Evans, John Hardy, B. Golden and
James Fragley were continued till to-day
and in Judge Mogan's court the case of
J. R. King was continued till to-day and
the case of James Gillespie till June 1.
DID A CROOKED BUSINESS.
Louis L. Starr Wanted Here and in
Oakland and San Rafael for
Grand Larceny.
Louis L. Starr, a young man who is
acknowledged to be one of the cleverest
crooks that has operated here for some
time, was arrested yesterday morning by
Detectives Dinan and Reynolds and Po
liceman Hems and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of grand larceny.
His particular business in this city has
been to go to a sewing machine agency
and order a machine to be sent to a cer
tain house, having previously taken the
precaution to call at the house and start
arrangements for engaging a room. The
machine would be sent to the house and
Starr would call later .with a wagon and
get possession of the machine, explain
ing to the people in the house that he had
changed his mind as to engaging the
room. The machine would be taken
away and sold by Starr.
The police were notified by the sewing
machine companies and his arrest fol
lowed. He is also wartted in Oakland
and San Rafael, where he engaged on
several occasions rigs from different liv
ery men and sold them for what he could
get.
Arguing the Pinole Case.
The suit of J. B. Anders against the
California Powder Works is now being
argued and will probably be submitted
for decision to-day. Mr. Pillsbury argued
for the defendant yesterday and referred
at length to the theory that the explosion
at the company's works at Pinole in July
of last year, .which caused the filing of
the suit, was brought about by extraneous
causes which the company or its agents
could not prevent, these extraneous causes
meaning the acts of either a traitor or a
Snanish sdv. as has been heretofore urged.
JAPANESE DAY
AT INDUSTRIAL
ART EXHIBITION
Hiyei's Officers Are
Entertained.
GUESTS OF CALIFORNIA CLUB
MANY VISITOR^ AT MECHANICS'
PAVILION.
An Excellent Programme With Novel
Features Has Been Prepared
for This Afternoon and
Evening.
The California Club's exhibition at Me
chanics' Pavilion yesterday took on a de
cidedly Japanese air. During the after
noon there was a Samisen player and a
dancer from the land of the rising sun
and in the audience a party of his Im
perial Japanese Majesty's officers from
the training ship Hiyei, now in the har
bor. In addition there was an usually
large crowd of well-dressed people, which
was almost doubled during the evening.
The programme for the day was ar
ranged by Miss Berry and Miss Hitch
cock, the ladies receiving being Mrs. John
Russ of the club's department of philan
thropy, Mrs. Ronald P. Gleason, Mrs.
Charles D. Pierce, Mrs. James M. Costi
gan, Mrs. John H. Boalt, Miss Mabel
Croft, Mrs. George B. Bayley, Mrs.
Charles W. Forman, Mrs. Henry Weath
erbee, Mrs. Robert Watt, Mrs. S. B. Mc-
Lenegan, Mrs. Charles Yale, Mrs. Sara
A. Reamer, Mrs. Kmma Palmer, Mrs. R.
A. Marshall, Mrs. Susan A. Brockway,
Mrs. Mary Knowles, Mrs. H. H. Kirby,
Miss Kirby, Miss Bertha Monroe Rick
off, Mrs. George E. Bates and Mrs. W.
Frank Pierce. A short address on the
position of the Japanese in the Orient
was made by Pierre N. Boeringer.
During the evening the Baroness yon
Meyerinck conducted a musical, with Ar
thur Fickenscher at the uiano. Among the
soloists were Miss Maud Fay, Miss Caro
lyn Roper, Miss Klise Priber and Bradley
Smith.
Exhibits marked for sale in the various
sections are receiving daily increased at
tention from discriminating buyers, and
especially is this so in the section where
needlework, lace and drawn work are
displayed.
The management is much gratified that
it can feel assured that the demand for
the work of California artisans will be
greatly stimulated through the exhibition,
which so soon comes to a close.
The following programme will be ren
dered to-day i
Guitar and Mandolin Quartet— fenor Ferret.
Miss Rose Elliott, Miss McCarthney, Mi.-s
Emilie Ferret. Singers — Mrs. Martin Sehultze,
soprano: Miss Xenia Roberts, contralto; ac
companist. Miss Bertha Roberts. Evening-
Fourth Cavalry Band. Singing— Miss Etta
O'Brien, contralto; accompanist, Miss Julia.
Heffernan. Reading — Mrs. C. .1. Kaighin.
The reception committee for the afternoon
and evening will consist of Mrs. A. K. Cot
ton, chairman committee on ceramics, assist
ed by Megdames Morris Newton, C. A. War
ren. 'C. J. Kaighin. M. i=. Hayward, C. N.
Horey, Sylvia Brown. E. C. Burr, Edward
Norton Moor. William A. Plunkett, R. C.
Poultney, Mathilda Grothwell. William H.
Mills, Dr. Dorothea Moore, Dr. Amy JJowen,
Miss S. L. Strickland.
Ralph Neumann's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement in the
estate of the late Ralph Xeumann was
filed yesterday. H. H. Haight, M. A.
Huster and H. M. Covert, the appraisers,
find the property to be worth $127,337.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Hierer Again on Trial.
John J. Hierer. charged with man
slaughter, was placed on trial yesterday
before Judge Cook. Some time ago, while
driving a brewery wagon, the defendant
ran over and killed Mrs. Isabella Finley
at the corner of Pine and Larkin streets.
A Work of Art.
The new book. "Wonderland," just issued by
the Northern Pacific Railway Company, is the
prettiest publication issued by any railway
company this year. It is full of beautiful half
tone illustrations, and contains besides a well
written description of a trip taken over this
finely equipped line, including a tour through
the wonderful Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in
stamps and it will be mailed to you. T. K.
Stateler, Gen. Agt., 63S Market St., San Fran
cisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for htty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
Ihe gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information
address CLINTON' JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway. *-4 Market st., S. F.
■ ♦ .
HOTEL DEL COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
To Dissolve the Trust.
Action was filed yesterday in the Su
perior Court by William L. Shiels, pray
ing for the dissolution of the trust under
! which !W Shan? of the capital stock of
1 the Shiels Estate Company are held
1 plaintiff's wife. Georsriana Shiels Sarah
I E. T. Shiels, his minor daughter, and En
-1 ewald Peterson being named as defend
; ants.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thin, pale and consump-
tive persons should use
some constructive tonic that
will enrich the blood, in-
crease the nerve force 2nd
renew wasted tissues.
Scott's Emulsion is based
upon scientific principle?.
We digest the oil for you
by mechanical processes,
thus strengthening your di-
gestive organs by resting
them. It stops wasting,
'and produces energy, vigor
and warmth. The hypo-
phosphites in it invigorates
the nerves, and brain tissues.
50c. and ti.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & UOWNE, Chemist*. New YoriuVIGOROUS TRUTHS BROUGHT
FORTH BY MASTER MINDS
American Baptist Education Society
Discuss Plans for a Seminary
to Be Established.
Officers Elected and Committees Appointed — Song and
Prayer and an Inspiring Fap;r Teiling of the
Work of Three=Quarters of a Century.
(keeling From the East.
THE 'American Baptist Education
Society and the American Baptist
Publication Society held the atten
tion of the Baptist convention dur
f ing yesterday's session.
The programme of the day opened with
the second session of the Education So-
Iciety, the entire forenoon being devoted
to a conference and free discussion on
the following subiect: "Is the Establish
ment of a Baptist Theological School on
the Pacific Coast Desirable and Feas
ible?"
Papers discussing the question were
read by Rev. Alexander Blackburn of
Portland, Ore., Rev. Robert Whittaker
of Oakland, Rev. A. P. Brown of Fres
no, Rev. C. M. Hill of Oakland and Rev.
C. H. Hobart of Oakland. The general
sentiment expressed in the various pa
pers was that the seminary should be
established on this coast. It developed
that the pet plan of the churchmen of
the coast is thai of establishing a chair
of Baptist theology at the University of
California. While the pastors on this
coast favored the university plan, several
of the Eastern clergymen feared the at
mosphere surrounding a State university
is not conducive to the kind of training
that theological lents require.
After the discussion Rev. A. S. Hobart
of Yonkers, N. V.. read an excellent pa
per on the •'Aims and Methods of Theo
logical Education." He said in part:
I Those of us who have had a little experience
in the pastorate have learned the value of
a frank discussion of church plans by inter
ested laymen. We learn how the matter
strikes their judgment, and that Is very valu
able. \V*3 Wrn also the points which need to
lx? elaborated and elucidated and perhaps mod
ified. In order to secure harmonious, active
and enthusiastic support.
There are some great facts that underlie all
our thought; first, the kingdom of God is to
come in the earth as it is come in heaven.
KThat needs no discussion here. Second, it is
given to Christians to work with God In mak
ing it come. Ihat needs no discussion here.
Third, the Christians' art in the. work is two
fold namely: to live the kingdom lite them
selves and to influence others to do the same.
That needs attention always. It Is one of
the fundamental tacts by which to regulate
and direct our lives.
Fourth, th»r appointed special means by which
our work is to be done, ,- the preaching of
the truth which Christ taught and he himself
embodied, 'ihis to some seemingly unimpor
tant work is the- work most important. Jesus
is HuSd up to men's view by preaching. It
is a remarkable fact that among all the heath
en nations where they have caught the idea
of divine love they dv m need to be taught
the life of the kinedom much, they move
toward it by a kind of awakened instinct of
soul. It If; only the truth of which Christ J
was the embodiment that makes the kingdom j
of heaver, come. Only his truth that sets
I men free [mm their sinlul ideas, only his
truth gives th«-m high iatais. Get a man to ;
i-te Christ and he has within him something
to which we can appeal hopefully.
It still holds true that it pleases God by
the foolishness of preaching to save them that
believe. The thing whlcn we must do is to
preach and teach the truth of which Jesus
was the embodiment, and which he command
ed us to teach.
I We. as churches of Christ, must always be
preachers and teachers of his truth. That is
our mission in the world. Our churches must
have intelligent education In practical Chris
tion truth. Our seminaries oucht to have a
year's course in the English Bible.
The great need is for men who as pastors
can educate the people and, therefore, the
need lies largely in the theological seminary.
First, In my judgment, the four years in col
lege and three years in the seminary to fit men
for the pastorate is three years too long. It
would be far better to have a four years'
course in which the substance of both courses
should be so assorted and then mingled that
a man would be well fitted to his work. Make
the admission special and rather high. I
I would not admit Into a seminary mtn who
have not settled the great question whether
they believe the Bible is true or not.
Then make the course work severe. Keep
men there until they master it or refuse to
graduate there. The study of church history is
a most unprofitable study in the seminary. All
the student needs if instruction under some
right man in the principles of history and in
the art of reading it for himself. And ther
i.- systematic theology. Most of it can be got
ten out of books afterward.
Wondrous familiarity with the Scriptures
should be gained by every student. The New
Testament should be at his tongue's end.
Let me mention some important lines in
which his training should be thorough: First.
In the habit of taking quick large views of
public affairs. The minister who is a leader
of his people must have a stateman's vision.
His best men must feel that he is alert and
open-eyed and has the bishop spirit or he can
not have their unwavering confidence.
To meet this necessity I would like to tee
one of the departments of a seminary given to
teaching men to read quick as lightning the
papers of the week and the magazines and to
select and epitomize the news that affect
Christian thought. Then there needs to be a
tralninr in logic from the first term to the
last— a sort of training which makes a man
■ logical in his own thinking. It applies in the
study of Scriptures and in the study of men
Such training; will put an end to the vagaries
of doctrines that disturb the peace of Zion. It
will give vitality to religion and confidence In
its supporter«. Then he ought to have sound
instruction in pedagogy. Then the preacher
must have training In the science of expression.
Ideas unexpressed are like lead unmined.
The art of "putting things," that Is the art
for ministers to study. I do not know whether
there is any book on the science of persuasion
—there ought to be. The science of convinc
ing men is logic; the science of persuading;
men— what Is that called? But all through
the course men should be exercised in real
persuasion, not the show thing, but the real,
and then [•owning all one thing— professors to
keep a prayerful spirit in the seminary, to
earnestly and constantly teach men how to
pray.
After the election of the following of
ficers the morning session came to a
close:
President, A. H. Strong, D.D., LL.D., New
York; A. P. Montague. Ph. D., LL. D., South
Carolina; J. F. Forbes, Ph. I).. Florida: record
ing secretary, E. M. Poteat D.D.. Pennsyl
vania; corresponding secretary. H. L. Moore
house, D.D., 11l Fifth avenue. New V >rk City;
treasurer, K. V Cary Esq., Montclalr. N. J. :
auditor, G. W. Murray Esq., New York: mem
bers of the executive board from 1839-1902,
Eugene Levering, Baltimore, ltd : Rev. E. T.
Tomlinson. Elizabeth. N. J.- Rev Fred T.
Gates, New York City; H. K. Porter. Pittsburg.
Pa.; W. C. Bitting. D.D., New York City;
Joshua Levering. Baltimore. Md ; G. W Mur
ray. New York City; Colonel J. A Hoyt, Green
ville, S. C; E. W. Stephens, Columbia, Mo.;
Henry McDonald. D.D.. Atlanta. Ga.; J B.
Gambrell, D.D., Waco, Tex. To fill vacancy In
class expiring 1901, occasioned by the death of
H. C Woods. D.D., Rev. Robert McDonald,
Brooklyn. N. T.
The Women's Home Baptist Mission
Society, with the national president Mrs.
J. N. Crouse. in the chair, held a work
ers' meeting in the Sunday school rooms
yc-sterday morning.
There was' a spirited discussion as J
to the best means of securing the 1
interest and contributions of the
young women of the church. There
was considerable opposition made to the
multiplying of organizations, and it was
decided to have the committee communi
cate with the Christian Endeavor socie
ties. It was also arranged to ask the .
Baptist Young People's Union to divert
part of their energies to the field of home
mission work and mat they be given the
specific work of contributing toward the
maintenance of training schools for
voting colored women in Dallas, . Tex. '
I Two hundred and fifty dollars of the I
k. year's deficit was pledged. Miss Craw
ford, who has done such efficient mission
ary work among the Indians, told, in sign
language, the story of the people among j
whom she works.
Mr. and Mrs. Nell of the chapel car |
"Messenger" opened the afternoon ses
with a song of praise. In the ab-
I Pr< sident I Iroaier, Vice Presi
dent Edward Goodman of Illinois deliv
a brief address of welcome, in which
traced th.' growth O f the American
Baptisi Publication Society. He dwelt
upon the advantages of disseminating
that kind of literature designed to make
u< bettor Christians and more devoted
Baptists.
A. J. Rowland. D. D.. general secretary
of the society, submitted the report of
the board of the American Baptist Pub-
; llcatlon Society. He called special atten
tion to the following points:
The past year, however, like the two pre
ceding it, has been full of difficulties. It may
be well to state a few of the more Important
of these.
The first, and perhaps the most pressing, has
i been the financial difficulty. It is almost im
possible to estimate accurately the losses, di
' rect and Indirect, occasioned by the fire of
February 2, ISO 6. They may be safely put at
$100,000 at the least.
Another difficulty with which we have had
I to contend since the fire has been the lack
of working capital.
A third difficulty, and one that existed be
fore as well as since the fire, is the slowness
of those who owe the society in paying their
bills.
A fourth difficulty is to be found in the
present condition of the book and periodical
trade. Never was competition so severe or the
margin of profit so narrow. It is difficult to
sell books.
It should also be said in this connection that
| with these difficulties confronting us, we have
; asked no one for the least help In repairing the ■
losses sustained by the fire, nor have we
I taken a single penny from the missionary and
j benevolent departments to relieve our business
necessities.
I The publications of the year. Including tracts,
i have been 81 in number. I>J these 1,108.250
copies have been printed. The entire num
ber of books, pamphlets, periodicals, tracts,
etc.. new and old, printed during the year is
48.522,104 copies, an Increase of 1.499,335 copies
over previous years. The total number of
pages printed during the year, reduced to 16mo
size, is 1,418,107,808, being an increase over the
year ending March 31, IMB, of 60,281. 504 16mo
pages.
The ■ total . issues since the organization of
the society are 7* 1 »"W,534 copies of books,
periodicals, pamphlets, tracts, etc., equal to
17 271.629,148 16mo pa«rs. and equivalent to 57.
--572,087 books of 300 pages each.
Then followed the event of the after
-1 noon session, the reading of the inspiring
paper. "A Review of Three-quarters of a
' Century's Work," by Rev. A. J. Row
land. The revernd gentleman's paper
was as follows:
This Is the seventy-fifth anniversary of the
American Baptist Publication Society. It
* ems appropriate that a review of it» history
for the past three-quarters of a century of its
existence should be given at this time and
the tens noted by which In the providence of
God It has been led from point to point In
the conduct, development and extension of its
WOrk ' ORIGIN AND EARLY YEARS. .'-.,.,
Th* society began its organized life at Wash
ington t> C., February 25, 1824. There were
: already in existence In the first quarter of the
present century also several Baptist weekly
religious papers.- These were The Watchman
of Boston established in 1803; The Columbian
Star of Washington. D. C. now the Christian
Index of Atlanta, Ga:, established In 1522: the
Christian Secretary of Hartford. Conn., re
cently discontinued, established In 1522. and the
Baptist Register of ftica, N. V . established
In- 1823, which has developed into The Ex
aminer of the present day. John S Mehan of
! Philadelphia, issued a "Baptist Almanac" In
IS2O, and The Columbian Star printed occasional
tracts. These agencies, one and all, did valu
| able work In their respective spheres; but
i there was still felt to be a lack of something
I mere comprehensive and which should Include |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, M : AY ?6 1599.
1 the entire Baptist body in the publication ot i
Baptist literature.
Among those most conscious of this lack was
1 Rev. Noah K. Davis, a young pastor of Salis- ,
■ bury, Md. While a student at Columbian Col- i
lege he had had conference with his fellow- j
I student, James D. Knowles. about the mat
ter of forming a society for the publication
of Baptist tracts, and a subsequent meeting |
with Rev. Samuel Cornelius, who carried tracts
In his bell-crowned hat, deepened his desire for
the formation of such a society. As a result
of his urgent»so!icitatlons a meeting was called
nnd held at the house of George Wood, in
the city of Washington. February 25, 1824. at
which time, after much deliberation and
prayer, the Baptist General Tract. Society was '
formed. Among those who were present at
the organization and deeply interested in the
work projected were Dr. William Staughton,
president of Columbian College, who acted as
chairman of the meeting: Dr. Baron Stow, ]
James d Knowles, and a number of godly
women. '
! An organization having been effected, the of
ficers appointed proceeded at once through the I
columns of The Columbian Star and other !
I papers to make known their action to the de
nomination throughout the country. During
the first ten months of Its history nineteen
tracts were printed, 85,000 copies of which were :
! rut in circulation. Before the close of the
; first year ten central depositories were estab- ,
i lished and thirty-eight auxiliary societies were !
formed. The great difficulty with which the '
new society had to contend was lack of funds
The receipts for the first year were only $373 SO. j
From the time of Its removal from Wash
ington to Philadelphia until the year 1840, the '
society made but slow progress. Mr. Davis ,
died In 1830. after three years of faithful ser
vice, and was succeeded by Rev. Ira M. Allen.
i There was a constant lack of funds, and work
which was from time to time projected had
to he abandoned because there was no money
in the treasury. it was impossible, on this
account, to keep agents In the field. For the
dissemination of its tracts the society was
! obliged to rely on auxiliary societies. The en
tire amount of money coining Into the society's
j treasury during the sixteen years from 1824 to '
i 1840, Including sales and offerings, was only !
j > V '*.lH 91, or a little over JSOOO per year.
, Notwithstanding the difficulties in their way.
however, the brethren in charge of the so- '
, clety s interests kept bravely at their work.
Dr. Dags was succeeded in trie presidency of!
the society by Dr. Cushman in 1828, and In ,
1830 by Dr. William T. Brantly, who was sue- 1
ceeded in 1838 by Dr. George B. Ide. A num- ;
ber of the noblest men In the denomination, in
cluding Dr. J. H. Kennard and A. D. Glllett.
were on tne beard. Every effort was made with
the limited means at command to supply a lit- |
erature worthy of the denomination. Sometimes ,
the beard was almost discouraged, but it still
held on.
A brighter day may be said to have dawned
In 1840. The annual meeting was held at (he
Tabernacle Church, New York. At thit meet
ing the name of the society was changed from
the Baptist General Tract. Society to the
American Baptist Publication and Sunday
School Society, a title which was still further
shortened In 1544 to The American Baptist
Publication Society. The title of ihe general
agent was changed to that of corresponding
secretary. A new charter was secured. Dur
ing the year Backus' "History. Booth's
"Reign of Grace," Robert Hall's "Sermon on
Modern Infidelity." a neat edition of the
"Pilgrim's Progress," two Sunday school
books, and a number of illustrated tracts were
issued. The year 1840 is also to be noted as
the one in which the society first employed
paid colporteurs.
But while the new day began to dawn .in
IS4O, the sun rose slowly and behind heavy
clouds. During the first year after tin.- re
organization the receipts from all sources were
only {12,77$ 05. Doctor Bahcock, who became
president in 1542. and Dr. John M. Peck, who
succeeded Mr. Rh«?es in 1843 as corresponding
secretary, threw themselves heartily Into the
work. A few colporteurs were sent into the
field, and the list of the society's books and
tracts kept constantly enlarging. In IS4S "The
Psalmist" was published. In 1545 a charter,
under which \vi;h slight modifications the so
ciety has ever «-ince been > - orki:ijj. wan ob
tained. During this year also 'Carnon nn Bap
tism" was issi-fd, and the puol'tatici of thfl
work? Of Andrew Fuller was DCClin.
Dr. Joseph II Kennard hec-tme president of
tho society in IM4 and continued in that < ffice
eleven years. For two or thre^ yefirs he nnrt
for his chief coadjutor Dr. J. M. i esk. wno
was succeeded by Thomas S. Malcom. It was
during Mr Maleom's secretaryship ! .hnt the
letter dated September 1. 1547, noaoHed the sr
oi'ty floni San Francisco askinc for a dona
tion of Sunday «<-hool book« The request was
ted, and the books sent at .'ii.-y. They
arrived safely, and it Is believed formed the
first Sunday school library on the Pacific
Coast.
The year ISSO was notable in the history of
The society for two things. The first of these
was the purchase and occupancy of the prop
erty known as 530 Arch street. The second
was thp employment of Dr. J. Newton Brown
uk the first book editor of the society. The
building at 530 Arch street was subsequently
enlarge'! and the society continued its occu
pancy for twenty-six years, until the removal
to l&O Chestnut stp-eet in IST6.
The year 1856 was also notable for two
thing*. One of these was an advance move
ment in the Sunday school work of the so le
ty. In IS.*>s the entire stock of Sunday school
plates, engravings, copyrights, etc., belonging
to the New Kntland Sabbath School Union
were purchased at an expense of $6715. The
other notable event In 1^55 was the beginning
of the society's work in Sweden.
A nrw era may be said to have begun in
1867, when Benjamin Griffith was called to the
secretaryship. Doctor Griffith began his la
bors under circumstances which were tar
from propitious. Mr. Malcom had resigned the
taryshlp' in 1 Sf.2 and had been succeeded,
in isr.3, by Dr. William Shadrack. who gave
up the work In lv r >6. The business of the so
ciety was seriously embarrassed and was feel
ing thf effects of the financial panic under
which the country Was then suffering. But
Doctor Griffith laid hold of the task set be
fore him with the utmost vigor and ralth.
Mainly by the aid of the Crozer and Bucknell
families sufficient funds were gathered to re
lieve the society of debts and to enlarge its
tacilitles for work. New plans for administer
ing Its affairs were adopted and put Into ex
ecution. A ii"w spirit was Infused into all
departments, the effect of which speedily man-
Ifested itself in the increafo of publications
and sales, as well as in benevolent and mis
sionary operations. For three or four years
matters went on to the great encouragement
of the friends of the society. Then came the
Civil War, which during the first year or two
greatly affected the business of the society,
while at the same time It brought new calls
nnd opportunities. The armies in the field nnd
the freedmen In the States where they could
be reached offered large fields for the circu
lation of Bibles and religious literature, which
the soclsty was alert to seize. During the la
ter years of the war. hundreds of Baptist Sun
■ l.iv schools nnd churches In the South. Impov
erished by the war. were afforded help. Large
quantities: of literature were sent to camps
and hospitals, nnd thousands of dollars were
expended in work among the colored people.
In 1869 the Chicago, St Louie and New York
branches were established, and in the follow
ing year the Boston branch Later, there were
added to these the branch houses at Atlanta,
Ga. and Dallas, Texas, Atlanta in 18S7 and
Dallas in IS&2.
In November, 1569, a Sunday school conven
tion under the society's auspices was held at
St. Louis. This led to the publication of "The
Baptist Teacher," and to the appointment of
Dr. Warren Randolph as Sunday school secre
tary. Dr. George \V. Anderson had been ap
pointed book editor, in 1864, and he and Dr.
Randolph labored earnestly together in meet
i ing the needs of. the Sunday schools and
j churches.
' The jubilee of the society wan held at Wash
-1 ington, D. C irf 1874. Hon. J. L. Howard was
then president of the society, having succeed
ed Dr. Samson Talbot in 1573. The meeting
! was one of great rejoicing and encouragement.
The total receipts for that year from all
i sources were $430,854 33. and the issues for the
| year amounted to 330,613.542 pages.
I It will not be possible at the present time
to give in detail the history of the society
during the last quarter of a century of its
. work. The great events of this period are
briefly: l. The erection of the new build
ing at 142n Chestnut street, and its opening in
February. IS7I. 2. The observance of the Rob
ert Ralkes centenary in KM, which netted the
i society $10, "Oil lor the extension of its Sunday
: Hchool work. 3. The memorable Bible conven
tion at Saratoga in 1888, which committed the
Bible work of the denomination to the society.
4. The appointments of Dr. G. J. Johnson as
1 missionary secretary in IS7B, Dr. C. R. Blackall
as Sunday school editor in IM, and Dr. C. ( .
Bitting as Bible secretary in ISS4. 5. The puh
i Ucation ot many important books and papers,
as for exanipl". the "Young People" and the
"Senior Quarterly," begun in 18S0; the "Amer
ican Commentary on the New Testament."
begun In IKS 2; the "Baptist Hymnal" in ISO,
the "Baptist Principle" in 1881, and many oth
ers 6. The formation of the Baptist Young
People's Union in 1890. 7. The Inauguration
of the chapel car work In 1891. 8. The appoint
ment of Dr. P. I- Jones as book editor in
1892. 9. The lamented death of Dr. Griffith
in 1898. 10. Appointment of the present gen
eral and missionary secretaries in lSl'.i. 11. The
great and disastrous fire of February 2, 1896.
which consumed and destroyed the building at
1420 chestnut street, with all it? contents. 12.
The building of the printing house In 1896. 13.
The building at 1420 Chestnut street of a larger
structure to take the place of the one de
stroyed hy flre. and its formal opening In 1888.
14. The understanding reached with thi> Home
Mission Society as to relations of mission work
in 16y».
SUMMARY.
In closing this review it is proper that a sum
mary should he given of the work done, the
money received, and the results secured as far
as these can be tabulated. In the publishing
department we find that during the seventy
five years of itr history the society has Is
sued 27SS books, pamphlets, periodicals, tracts,
etc The total Issues of. these publications
amount to 7G7.m534 copies, equal to 17,271,629,148
16-mo pages, and equivalent to 57,671,097 books
of 300 pages each. The society is now issuing
ninetton different Sunday school papers and
periodicals, which during the past year rached
h total of M,206,000 copies. Among the books
publi^hpd by the society an- the "American
Commentary." "Clark'R Commentary," Ful
ler's and Bunyan'h works, a large numher of
Baptist histories, Hiscox'g "Directories." Gor
don's "Ministry of the Spirit," Strong's "The
Qreat Poets and Their Theology," Newman's
"History of Anti-Pedobaptism," Lorimer's
"Argument for Christianity," and "Christian
ity and the Social State." Pattison's "English
Bible" and "The Making of the Sermon." the
"Baptist Hymnal," "Sursum Corda." and nu
merous others as deserving of mention.
In summarizing tho work of the publishing
department it should be said that the profltß
accruing from publications have been applied
in two directions. One of these has been the
creation ot a n serve or sinking fund to pro-
Lgainst business or building cuntlnßenrl- s.
It w:i^ from this fund the money necessary
for the erection and fitting up of our printing
House was taken. The other application of
the profits has been to the missionary depart
ment. During the past few years we have
had very heavy burdens to hear on account of
losses occasioned by the fire and the debt not
ing on the missionary treasury. We rejoice
to "ay that every dollar received for benevo- j
l.nt and missionary work in the seventy-five
jrean of our history has bepn expended upon I
the field, not a single penny having been re- !
tuined for rent, bookkeeping, or the expenses
of the general administration. The receipts in '
the publishing department for the first fifty
years if the society's history were #?, 062,038 BS. .
For the last twenty-five years they have been j
811,291,831 •>!<. The total amount received I
through the publishing department from the !
beginning is, therefore. $14.3T>3.390 M.
The Bible work of the denomination was ;
pinned fully in the hands of the society in j
ISBS. Since* that time $3^9.633 40 has been
raised and expended In that department. Of |
this amount J45.351 to has been paid to the |
American Baptist Missionary Union and $12.2im) i
to the Foreign Board of the Southern Baptist |
Convention for Bible work abroad. The society j
haus also at great expense prosecuted the work
of revision committed to it by the Saratoga
convention.
It is difficult to summarize the benevolent
work done by the missionary department of the
society for the entire period of its history, as
previous to lM"> no accurate records appear to
have been kei>t. Since that time the total
amount at crunts made at home and abroad
amount to *352.4il U7. or $11,248 f.6 per year;
13.» L'!) Sunday-schools haw been aided and 733.S
ministers have had grants for their libraries.
The receipts In the missionary department
during: th« first fifty years of the noclety's his
tory were J799.224 SB, or $15,964 50 per year. Pur-
Ing the past twenty-five years the receipts have
been $1!.423, 1K1 36. or $36,926 45 per year. The
entire amount received for missionary work
from the beginniiiß is f5,222,88fl 22.
Three thousand seven hundred and ninety
aKdits. colporteurs, Sunday-schoql missionaries
and i ha pel car workers have been engaged in
the service of the society. These workers have
sold 770,275 books and given away 175. '.92 more,
besides 45,667.006 pages of tracts. They have
visited 1,474,106 families, hold 142,263 "prayer
meetings and 10.462 Sunday-school institutes.
They have organized 11,215 Sunday-school*,
baptised 2i,231 persons and constituted 130u
churches.
The financial condition of the society at the
present time Is as follows: The net assets of
the Bible and missionary departments includ
ing $212,574 99 conditional funas upon which
interest Is pai.l to donors during their lifetime.
amount to $620..-,J9 W. The net assets of the
publishing department, including real estate,
fixtures, machinery, stock, plates, accounts In
process of collection, etc.. at the present date
amount to $%4.1fi9 18, making a total aggregate
of the assets for all departments of $1 484 -
689 47 As indicative of the growth of the so
> 1.-ty during the lnst twenty-five ypars wo may
aid that the total receipts in all departments
tar IWB-S9 Hre 1916.288 SO, ns against $430 554 9i
for 1*73-74 the npml-<-entPnnia! ypar
After Mr. Rowland's able review Rev
Dr. Wood, the pastor of the First Bap
tist Church, spoke a few words of cor
dial welcome, and responses were made
by Rev Dr Barnes of Pennsylvania and
Hon. M. Shallenherg. Second Assistant
Postmaster General. Mr. Shallenberg in
his response p;dd a glowing tribute to
President McKtnley and dwelt upon his
noble Christian life.
The First Baptist Church wa.s more
crowded last night than at any other
session of the Baptist societies, and the
large audience evinced a deep interest in
the discussion of the Chapel Car Works
by men who are prominently identified
with it. Boston W, Smith, general man
ager of the Chapel cars, presided at the
meeting and Introduced Professor David
Starr Jordan, who delivered a brief ad
dress.
Dr. Jordan paid a high tribute to the
good work now being done by the Chapel
Car branch of the Baptist church, which
he regarded as one of the most important
and successful ways of reaching the
souls of people who would not otherwise
receive any religious teaching. He took
occasion to praise the seeking of higher
education by mankind, who became ele
vated hy its powerful Influence,
Rev. B. B. Jacques, th. manager of the
Chapel Car "Emmanuel," was the next
speaker, and narrated his experiences in
traveling throughout his territory preach
ing the gospel and converting the unbe
lievers.
"I desire to call your particular atten
tion," said Mr. Jacques, "to the one
phase of the work in which we are en
gaged which I regard as probably the
best of all. That is the work among t,he
railroad men. Three years ago we in
augurated a series of meeting in the West
Oakland yards which were eminently
successful. We were obliged to hold
night meetings on account of the men
working in the daytime, but the car was
ruled to overflowing. In Sacramento
after several days' preaching to the em
ployes we received a written testimonial
or thanks from 19« men who had been
moved to -believe in the word of Christ.
"The distributing of tracts ana Chris
tian literature forms no small part of the
work. Ihere are some places where we
can not stop, as our field is 2UOO miles
long and 8w miles broad, so when we
come to certain stations we throw out a
bundle of tracts and religious papers and
we know that great good is accomplished
thereby. The grand part of the work is
in reaching the homes of the people, and
this we do whenever it is practicable."
C. H. Rust of the chapel car "Glad
Tidings," which was dedicated five years
ago, stated that he was endeavoring to
save souls in the Northwest.
"The work is difficult," said Mr. Rust,
"because we are obliged to deal mostly
with foreigners, who abound in that local
ity. 1 cannot describe to you the wel
come that is accorded to us in places
where religious services are seldom if. ever
beard \\ c have always received the best
treatment and the kindest attention from
the rajlroad men, Who are more than
anxious to help us in every way they can. j
"I remember that one day 1 telegraphed
ahead to a division superintendent in Wis- j
consin and asked him to sidetrack us in
the same place we had been on our last
visit a few months before. He replied
that he would sidetrack us wherever we
wanted except on the mam line, but
would build another track if we thought
it necessary. It Is such little things as this
that make- our work pleasurable. Every
where we have received encomiums from
railroad superintendents as to the effi
cacy of our efforts with the employes,
and one manager told me that the men
under him were all the better tor our
visits and their service was improved by
our teachings."
Mrs. Rust then sang a hymn, accom
panied by her husband, and received the
thanks of the presiding officer.
S. G. Neal was the next speaker of the !
evening, and proved entertaining as well j
as instructive. Mr. Neal is the manager
of the Ladies' chapel car "Messenger of
Peace," which was dedicated in Roches
ter, N. V., five years ago. In introducing
Mr. Neal, Mr. Smith said he had found
him in the Salvation Army some years
ago. "He was reading a Bible," said Mr.
Smith, "and I thought he was too good
for the Salvation Army, so I brought him
over to our camp, and the wisdom of our
choice is exemplified in the noble work he
is now doing in connection with the chapel
car service."
Mr. Neal said in part:
"God has unmistakably set his approv
ing seal on the chapel car work . The
preaching of the Gosepel on wheels is
essentially a success in every sense of the
word. Instead of having the people come
to us, we go to them and invite them into !
God's house.
"Our work has been prosecuted in Kan
sas—the driest, hottest und crankiest
State in the l.'nion; but we have accom
plished a great deal for all that. We have
turned people away at our meetings and
have had as high as 180 worshipers by
actual count in tne car at one time listen
ing to the \Vord of God. At Eureka, in
Grand County, the crowd desiring to be
admitted was so large that we were
obliged to adjourn to the Congregational
church— the only church in tne village.
Even that was inadequate, and we had
an enormous meeting at the courthouse.
We remained in that town eight weeks, |
and before we left subscriptions had been j
collected for the building of a Baptist
church, and the beauty of it was that
the edifice was dedicated free of debt.
"The building ot churches as a result of
our campaign in the service of Christ
with chapel cars is a grand record of
which we are pardonably proud. In Day
ton and Garden City two other churches
have been built, costing Slow each, and
three churches in Western Kansas now
stand as monuments to the excellent re
sults of chapel car work.
"Religion is essentially missionary. You
have got to tell it to somebody else and
that is what we are doing. So great is
the interest in our work that peopie come
forty miles over mountainous roads tv
experience the consolations which relig
ious instruction affords."
Mr. Neal and his wife then sang a
hymn which was joined in by the large
audience with much fervor and repeated
at the request of Mr. Smith.
Boston Smith followed with a lecture
i illustrated by a series of lantern slides.
Several printed hymns with accompany- i
1 ing photographs were projected on the j
screen ana the voices in the immense au
dience rose with one acclaim in singing
the praises to the Lord Christ.
The six cnapel cars engaged in evan
gelistic work were presented, besides the
pictures of those who were or are now
in charge. The exterior of the car was
shown in the bleak countries where the
work Is generally carried on, and showed
the poor homes of the laboring man in
the distance. The interior, with its tiers
seating three on one side and two on tne
other, exemplified the convenient arrange
ments lor the preaching and hearing of
i the sermons. Two of the cars are pro
! viOed with organs, as singing is probably
the principal feature of the exercises. '
Mr. Smith referred to the pleasing fact ;
that forty-three roads now give free ;
; transportation to the chapel cars and have
materially assisted the work. The dim- :
culties attending the project have been ;
sensibly decreased owing to the co-opera- !
tion of the roalroada, and was deeply ap
preciated by the Baptists. The colportage
work inaugurated by the American Bap
' tist Publication Society was illustrated
and represented the colporteurs on horse
back, in buckboards, sleighs, closed
, wagons and on bicycles.
"These men." said Mr. Smith, "go to
places where the chapel car cannot go.
! They climb precipitous heights, and in the
distribution of tracts, Testaments and
Christian literature they have performed
yeoman service. The people of moun
tainous districts are largely reached by
i them, and all honor is due to these men,
< who are assisting in the work of the Bap
tist church to bring souls to God."
The following programme has been ar
! ranged for to-day:
Third session— lo a. m.. devotional exercises;
i l n : l r. report of committee on publishing de
! partment. followed by an address by Key. My
ron Cooley. California (chairman); report of
i the committee on the missionary department,
followed by an address by Rev. L. L. Henson,
Indiana (chairman); addresses by the society's
wuikers. "Work Among the Mormons," Rev.
Jay Pruden. Utah; "Work Among the Danes •
and Norwegians," Rev. G. Berg. AYashington;
I "Frontier Colporteur Work." Rev. L,. W.
I Go wen, Idaho; VI m., general business and dis
, cursion.
Fourth session— 2 p. m.. devotional services:
2:10, report of committee on Hible work, fol
' lowed by an address by A. B. Banks. D.D.,
i California; report of committee on finance,
followed by an address by D. P. Leas, Penn
sylvania (chairman); 2:45, "The American Bap- I
; tist Historical Society," Kerr B. Tupper, D.D., i
Pennsylvania.
Sunday school session— 3 p. m., "The Sun
day School Generally Considered." George E.
! Rees, D.D., Pennsylvania: "Sunday School
; Work on the Pacific Coast," Rev. D. P. Ward,
California: 4 p. m., election of officers and
general business.
BIG FIGHTERS MATCHED.
Joe Kennedy and Gus Ruhlin Will
Fight in This City Early
in June.
Gus Ruhlin, the big heavy-weight pugil
ist of the East, signed articles last even-
Ing to fight Joe Kennedy of this city be
fore the Excelsior Athletic Club in Wood
ward's Pavilion on Friday evening, June
23. Billy Madden, who is looking after
the interests of Kuhlin. said that George
Siler. who is to referee the Fitzsimmons.
and Jeffries tight on June 9, would jour
ney to this city Immediately after the
battle for rest and recreation. Kennedy
agreed to Siler as referee of the local
match and as Madden did not object the
Eastern sporting man was selected.
Ruhlin will train at the Six-mile House
and Kennedy will be stationed at the
Seal Rock.
Barley-Malt and Hops,
ard no rom are vied in makint the famous
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n brands of beer
for home and club use. There are no others
that equal it. Absolutely pure beer.
BOARD OF REGENTS.
Special Meeting Called to Provide f .-
the Signing of Checks.
As the regents here failed to elect a
president of the university to succeed
Martin Kellogg, steps must be taken to
authorize some one to perform the check
signing function of the executive officer
until a president has been chosen.
There will be a special meeting of the
board next Monday. It is supposed that
the regents will then empower A. S. Hal
lidr<\ chairman of the finance committee,
to sign the necessary documents for the
transaction of regular business.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint:
sample bottle 26c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bids:.*
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
TM REE
minutes]
Mil *r i \^oh t >k
?'^ 1 J - i r '.\ ft ■ 6Tm!
taw—-^Jzl^ -"^Jrrii^TiiiHrMiiT Jtirt^»»Jw ■JHiL^JimHJB IwM^MMt^Mwßßll-^Mlfflßl
feMiMM^S^li iBSIIIBSSr^S SI
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Mariani Wins Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS EVERY-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
anil indorsements free.
MARIANI & CO., 52 W. loth St., NEW-YORK.
CLEANSING, Z B^,
BEAUTIFYING. jM)
Th« grandest combination on 4ve!L &
earth for cleansing, purifying' \^2*^"^
and beautifying the skin ana
complexion is WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and i
WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. No scientific
truth was ever more wonderful than the results i
accomplished by their use in the toilet and \
bath. Sold everywhere. j
o o 0 00 0000000000000
Sw PALACE *■"■?%
GRAND "orgj^g g
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
Connected by a coverM passageway. ;
® 1400 Voom«— 900 v ■: h Hath A:- ached. &
O All Under One Management. O i
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. #1.00 per Jay and upward Q
0 American Pian.s!J.OO per day And upward '_ •
W Correspondence Solicited. tl
0 JOHN 0. KIRKFATKICX. Manager. O
000000000000000000
Plpi'^il ■ italis
SxkS'l ** /Cfik THE N t W
Ist Day. aaH^JIQlt ' -die: %| CDCUItU
O~t3T 10th Day. oMB >SL Tt h ll£ MWSB IB
yitalis 20th Eay - *-■ •« RCMFnV
PRODI ( T!!K ABOVK 30th Day. flknlkiJlll
HESILTS. It quickly* surely remove, Nervousness. Im,.otency,
lightly Eml»sion», Evil Dreams Wajtinj Disease! and all effect*
01 self.abuse or excess and mdi»cr»tion. Restore! Lett Vitality
Power and Kaillnf! Memory. Wards cfl Insanity and Cnn^omnl
lion, Cures when oil ot.hers fall. Insist on having VITA LI S.
no other. Chum curried in the vest pocket. By mail >I.O|J
per package or six for *5.00 with a guarantee to Cure at
lteliind the Money. Circular Free Address
OALIMET CUKE CO., BS4 Dearborn St., Chlea«»
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug Co., in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. -
'DDTTO'XJIT'C' FOR BARBERS. BAK- I
DrilJ kJlliLiiJ ira ' bootblacks. bath- !
M~M.m. v *'" M Y houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper- j
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
ttablemen, tnr-rnnfprs. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 35 '
lA/. X. HESS.
HOTABT ?ÜBUO AND ATTORNBY-aT LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931. • '
Residence. S2l California St., below Powell.
San Francisco. -
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR »
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
MR. NAT. C. GOODWIN'S
Greatest Comedy-Drama Success.
IN MIZZOURA.
MONDAY, MAY 29.
The Distinguished Actor,
/VIR. LEWIS MORRISON,
In an Elaborate Production of
"HAmUET."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
EXTRA MATINEE TUESDAY.
MEMORIAL DAY.
GLEN PARK.J
ON SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AT ! P. M. I
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS
GLEN PARK CIRCUS
High-class Equestrian . and Vaudeville . Enter- [
tainment—Bareback Trick Riding— Hurdle Rac- !
Olympian Riding— Trained Animals— Light
and Heavy Balancing— of Strength- ;
Bounding Rope Experts— Funny Clowns— Etc. ;
ADMISSION TO GLEN PARK. 10c."
ADMISSION TO CIRCUS, " 15e; RESERVED j
> SEATS ONLY 10c ADDITIONAL.
/ AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
De Koven and Smith's New Comic
Opera, in Three Acts,
The Mandarin.
"AS CONFUCIUS SAYS'."
"A CHANGED MAN!"
SEE
THE FEAST OF THE LANTERNS.
THE UMBRELLA DANCE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
NEXT MONDAY— "THE MASCOT."
Popular Prices 25c and 500
Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIA ■»&»
HOUSE SOLD OUT NIGHTLY.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK,
Every eve., except Sunday— Sat. only.
EXTRA .--Special Holiday Matinee
Next Tuesday, Decoration Day.
HERBERT EFFIE
KELCEY- SHANNON.
Presenting the great American play,
™MOTHttt D FLAME
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
. THE SENSATION OF THE DAY,
MOUNG TOON
MOUNG CHET,
THE BURMESE WONDERS.
MONTGOMERY AND STONE,
Blackface Comedians
BILLY VAN, Famous Monologist.
THE DONOVANS, Irish Comedians.
AND 15 ALL-STAR ARTISTS.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera.
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPtRA HOUSE
Telephone Green S6l.
THIS EVENING.
Gorgeous Revival of Strauss' Delightful Opera.
THE
GYPSY
BARON
NEXT WEEK— First time here, of the great
New York Casino success,
"THE PRINCESS NICOTINE."
Reserved Seats, 23c and Me; Gallery. 15c.
Branch Box Office. Emporium Building. Just
Inside Main Kntranoc.
EXTRA MATINEE SATURDAY.
MATTNKK TUESDAY NEXT, Decoration Day.
CONCERTS AND itESORTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. 'S HALL,
223 Butter st.
TO-NIGHT! FIRST CHAMBER CONCERT
KNEISEL QUARTET of Boston.
LAST CONCERT SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
May 27, at 3 o'clock.
PRICES »1 50 and $1 04
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a.
DdlliV GREAT REALISTIC
_ WAR PANORAMA!
OT Prof - W. °- ROLLINS.
V* the eminent orator,
■ m • m lectures half hourly.
IT 1 £111 110 Market St.. nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c.
Bay! chiidrcn2sc -
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY. FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M. •
ADMISSION, We; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including admission. 25c: Children.. 20c.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Sliver a fraction oft.
Shipment of $2*2,178 to China.
Wheat advancing.
Barley steady. Oats firm.
Corn and Rye dull.
Hay still cheap and neglected.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Liverpool Salt hither.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Butter firm and Cheese weak.
Eggs continue firm.
Poultry doing better.
Cherries dragging badly.
Apricots coming In poor.
Citrus fruits quiet.
Provisions unchanced.
Wool active and firm.
Hides an.l Tallow unchanged.
Hogs rather steadier again.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of ?162.
--17*. consisting of 15862 In Mexican dollars,
*5 r >0,241 In gold coin, $25,000 in silver coin, $30,
--375 in silver bullion an.l $700 in Peruvian soles.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 25. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date lost
season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
at ions— v 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka Trace 33. 32.83
Red Hluff 0.00 20.34 14.71
Pacramrnto 0.00 14.10 10.15
San Francisco 0.00 16.10 9.13
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
San Luis Opispo 0.00 18.46 7.14
Lr. ■ Angeles 0.00 4.96 7.06
San Diego 0.00 4.96 4.94
Yuma 0.00 1.84 1.63
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
£6; minimum, 46; mean. 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There are no well-marked disturbances west
of the Rocky Mountains. The pressure has re
mained nearly stationary over the Pacific slope.
The temperature lias risen slowly over Cali
fornia and Northern Nevada. It has fallen
rapidly over Utah. At Salt Lake City there has
been a change of twenty-four degrees In the
past twenty-four hours. Throughout California
the temperatures are still from eight to eight
een degrees below normal.
The following maximum wind velocities were
reported: Winnemucca, 30 miles per hour, from
the west; Salt Lake City. 3S miles, from the
northwest; Lander. 30 miles, from the south
west, and Idaho Falls, 3* miles, from the south
west.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 26. 1599:
Northern California— warmer Friday:
light southerly winds Inland; westerly on the
Southern California— Fair Friday: light west
.-!> winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; warmer.
Utah— Cloudy; probably rain early Friday;
warmer.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair: warmer
Friday; fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STf'CK MARKET.
NF.W YORK. May 25.— Transactions in stocks
were on a larger scale and trading showed
more animation than for several days past.
There were evidences of a considerable out-
side Interest in the market, especially in rail
road stocks. But operations continued still
In every part In professional hands. It was
a conflict between the bulls and bears for su
premacy and the bulls easily had the best of
it. There were several conditions that aroused |
apprehension on the part of the bears, and
they showed a disposition to cover short con- j
tracts from the outset. Apparently there had
been a quiet picking up of stocks for the long
account in the recent depression and the hold- j
ers were as willing to take profits If they
could get them as 'he shorts. They proceeded,
therefore, to bid up the market and induced
quite an active covering movement for both
accounts. The decision of the Stock Exchange j
to keep closed over a double holiday from '
the coming Saturday until Wednesday was 1
a motive for closing up accounts, both long j
and short. The market hesitated only mo
mentarily at the opening at which time low
prices for the day were made In nearly all
cases and then moved quite strongly and con- |
fidently upward. There were occasional pauses j
and setbacks and some Irregularity and a I
realizing movement in th- late dealings brought
prices generally below the high level, but very ;
substantial net gains remained In nearly all j
cases. It has been obvious for several days
that the short interest was becoming unwieldy '
and a premeditated attempt was arranged to
take the market away from the shorts previous
to the coming holidays. Some of the factors :
which assisted the bulls were the excellent
reports of railways earnings for the third week
in May which continued to be received this
morning. This wan especially true of the
Southwestern, of which the shorts were rather J
free sellers yesterday. The rather buoyant
tendency of the wheat market on continued j
crop scare was. therefore. Ignored, and the \
grangers and Southwestern were quite freely '
bought. Reports were circulated with the ap
pearance of authenticity that the dividend dis- !
bursements for the current period on the Atchi
son preferred stock had been practically de
cided upon. The shorts who had sold on doubts ;
of this were, therefore, driven, to cover. The i
passage of the modified Ford franchise bill,
ameliorating the conditions imposed upon New '
York municipal corporations, lifted that group i
of storks quite markedly. London was a buyer
of stocks to a moderate extent, and this was
an influence in the easier tone of sterling ex
change, which relieved some slight apprehen- j
•ion of possible gold exports. Sugar and the
coalers were easily manipulated for a rise by
the bulls, and there were evidences of strength ■
in Southern Pacific and Central Pacific. Thes« j
conditions were too much for the equanimity |
of the bears, and they Joined in the buying
movement with results above Indicated. Federal !
Steel was the most conspicuous exception to '
the prevailing strength.
There was a continued large demand for all
available classes of bonds, Governments in- !
eluded, -"d prices are higher all around. Total
sales, $4,643,000. United States 3b coupon and !
the new 4? advanced Vi and the 6s % In the
bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
432,500 shares. including: American Car and
F. 3S0O; American Steel and Wire. 13 400-
American Sugar, 29.100; American Tin Plate
3400; American Tobacco, 4300; Anaconda, 3400-
Atchlson, 4300; do preferred. 38,900; Brooklyn
Rapid Transit. 52,700; Burlington rights, 10,600'
Burlington. 24.700; Chicago Great Western 3000-
Continental Tobacco, 6100; Federal Steel, 16 300
--do preferred. 4300; Louisville and Nashville'
6000; Manhattan, 18,700; Metropolitan, 7100- Mis- i
souri Pacific, 6300; National Steel (000; New !
York Central, 3200; Northern Pacific, B200; On
tario and Western, 5800; Eaciflc Mall, 4100-
Pennsylvania, 1000; People's Gas, 15,300; Read-
Ing first preferred, 19.200; Reading second pre
ferred. 8100; Rock Island. 8800; St. Paul, 23 000-
Southern Pacih>. 7300; Tennessee Coal and Iron,
7300; Union Pacific preferred. 3200; United
States Leather preferred, 3100.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison IS Do prefd 169%
Do prefd ;,4> St P &o m 93
Baltimore & Ohio. 65% Do prefd .... no
Canada Pacific... 98% So Pacific '.' 3->v
Canada Southern.. 53Vi So Railway 11%
J>nt <'*<• . 52% Do prefd '.'. 50%
Lhes & Ohio 25 Texas & Pacific .. 19
Chi & Alton 160 I Union Pacific .... 41U
Chi B & Q 130 Do prefd 74%
Chi & E 111 73 Wabash .... tu.
Do prefd 122% Do prefd 20%
£*>{ G W ... 13% Wheel &L E :8%
<hi Ind & L 9 I Do prefd 24
, *?" « pr * M ,§« I r Express Companies—
f.hi & N W lnl% Adams Ex . m
Do prefd 192 American Ex .. 140
C C C*. St L 52% (United States .... 4S
Do prefd 94 Wells Fargo 126
Del & Hudson ....118 Miscellaneous-
Del L& W 162 A Cot Oil 34%
Den & Rio 0 22% I Do prefd 90S
Do prefd 78% Amn Spirits 10«
Erie new 121% Do prefd 32%
Do Ist prefd .... 34% Am Tobacco 101
Ft Wayne IS4 . Do prefd .. 141
fit Nor prefd 171% Cons Gas 1M)14
Illinois Cent 113 (Com Cable Co ... 17»
Lake Erie & W.... 16 ,Col F & Iron 4.1*4
Do prefd 67%| Do prefd 105
Lake Shore 203 Gen Electric 11S14
Louis & Nash .... 65% Haw Coml Co .. ion
Manhattan L 11l Fed Steel 58%
Met St Ry 225% Do prefd SO%
Mich Cent 113 Intnl Paper 46%
Minn. ft St L 57 . Do prefd MH
Do Ist prefd ....100 'Laclede Gas SI "
Mo Pacific 4Hi Lead 30
Mobile & Ohio 40V Do prefd HOli
Mo X & T 12V4 Nat Lin Oil 4%
Do prefd 33",4 Pacific Mall 48
N J Central 113 People's Gas 118%
N T Central 131 Pullman Pal 158
N T Chi &St L.... 13 Silver Cert 61
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Standard RAT.. 8
Do 2d prefd 30 Sugar 15SM
Nor West 19 1 Do prefd ..116%
No Amer Co 11% T c & Iron 57%
No Pacific 47U D R Leather 6
Do prefd 76% Do prefd 69%
Ontario & W 25 ,U S Rubber .... 464
Or X A- Nay pfd.. 62% 1 Do prefd 11.'
Par Coast lst/pfd. 83 West Union 81
Do 2d prefd .... 55 Am S A W C 0.... 61%
Plttsburg 184 Do prefd »5
Reading 13\4 Brooklyn R T . 11314
Do Ist prefd .... 55% Nat Steel 47
ROW 33- Do prefd :: 86%
Do prefd 76% Amer Glucose 69
Rock Island 109T« Colo So .. 514
Bt L& S F 10% i Do Ist prefd .... 45 "
Do prefd 63% Do 2-1 prefd .... 17%
Do 2d prefd .... 3.',*, Pac Coast 38
Ft L & S W 13% Nor & W prefd... 67
Do prefd ........ 32% Con Toh Co 51
St Paul . 123% i Do prefd 82%
CLOSING BONDS.
IF! re* 100 |M X &. T Mb 67^
Do 3s 108%! Do 4s 9.'.%
Do coup 109 IN X Cent lsts ....114
US new 4s reg.,..l3oV;iN J Cent gen 55.. 120
Do coup !..130'ilNorth Carolina 65. .127
U S old 4» reg ...112%: Do •is 104
Do coup 113%'N P lsti 120
U S 5s reg 112%, Do 3s 68
Do coup 1121*1 Do 4s 106 Vi
Dist 3.60s 118% X V C & S L 45. .107
Ala class A no Nor & W Ren 65. ..131
Do B 110 Or Nay lsts 11l
Do C 100 I Do 4s 104%
Do Currency 100 O S Line 6s 132
Atch gen 4s 1024 Do con 5s 113
Do adjt 4s ....... 87% Reading Ken 45.... 88%
Can So 2ds Ill 1 * ROW Ists 9974
C & O 4%s 94% S L & I M Con 55.111V4
Do 5s US', S L & S F Gen 65. 125%
C & N Con 7s 144 Ist P Con 167%
Do deb 6s 122U 8t P C & P 15t5....123H
Chi Term 4s 102 1 Do 8s 123%
D & R G Ists ....105"4|50 Ry 5s 1114
Do 4s 103»i Standard R & T 6s 85%
E T Va & C,a 15t5. 105% Term new set 35... S3
Erie Gen 4s 724 Texas & P Ists 116
Ft W&I) C lsts.. 854 Do 2ds 557$
Gen Elec 5s 120% D P 4s 1084
QH&S A6s 114 Wabash Ists II"' 1 *
Do 2ds 111% Do 2ds 99%
H &TC 6s 113 West Shore 4? 114%
Do con 6s 112 Wls Cent lsts .... 73%
lowa Cent Ists ...114 Va Centuries 84%
X C P & (» lsts.... 66 Do deferred $%
La new con 4s 110% Colo So 4s 87
L & N Uni 4s 99 I.
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario 75
Crown Point 24 Ophir 105
Con Cal ft Va 1 60 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 24 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould A Curry 28 Do prefd 7SO
Hale & Norcross.. 23 Sierra Nevada .... -70
Homestake 60 00! Standard 130
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 40
Mexican 42 1 Yellow Jacket 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .West End 92
Call loans 3%5?4 I Do prefd ........116
Time loans 34@44 Westingh Elec .... 49%
Stocks— Wls Cent 50
AT & St Fe 17% Bonds-
Do prefd 64% Atohlson 46 101%
Amer Sugar 15SV4 1 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117 I Adventure 11
Bell Tel 341 Allouez Mm C 0.... 9%
Boston & Albany. .26o Atlantic 31%
Boston L 109% Boston & Mont 360
Boston & Maine. ..lß2 Butte & 805t0n.... 88
Chi B & Q 130 Vi Calumet & Hecla.. B3o
Ed Elec 111 200 .Centennial 37
Fitchburg prefd ..116 ! Franklin 20
Gen Electric 115% Humboldt 2%
Fed Steel 58%>Osceola 85
Fed Steel prefd 80% Parrot t 60%
Mcx Cent 13 1 4 Qulncy 160
Mich Tel 92% Santa Fe Copper.. 13%
N V & N Ens pfd.loo Tamarack ....225
Old Colony 209 'Winona 144
Old Dominion 41% Wolverine 44',
Rubber 464 Utah Con 43
Union Pac 41%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram pays:
This was the quietest day of the week in the
markets here. Stocks opened weak, but later
became harder. Americans were stagnant, but
remained slightly above parity throughout.
Spanish fours rallied to 63 on strong Paris sup
port. Tintos were 49% and 49; Anacondas, 13%;
Utahs, S%; Bostons, 2%. Berlin still buys Ca
nadian Pacific.
Money was harder, expecting tightness at the
end of the month. The bank return was dis
appointing, owing to the outflow of gold and
the reduction of the market deposits. The
Bank of Bengal has reduced Its discount rate
from £ to 5.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 25.— Canadian Pacific, 101%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 75%; Union Pacific
preferred, 76%; Grand Trunk. 776: Anaconda,
12' : bar silver, steady, 2>M>d: money, L%d.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 25.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,572; exports, 16,800. More strongly held and
fairly active. Winter patents, $3 Soil 4 00; win
ter straights. $3 56408 65.
WHEAT— Receipts. 131,350; exports, M.751.
Spot steady. No. 2 red. M%e Tot and to ar
rive, f.o.b. afloat; No. 2 red, SlTsc elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 85% C f.o.b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 88% c f.o.b. afloat
to arrive. Options — Opened active and Strong
on foreign buying, reduced crop estimates, lo
cal covering and bad crop news. Under sub
sequent realizing half of the advance was lost,
but was regained once more in the last hour on
a demand from shorts supplemented by strong
English cables and bullish Roumanian crop
news. The close was strong at lgl'-e net
higher. May, S2S«'ft'C>c, eloped 88c; July. 80%
ff7>>l4c, closed 80% c; September, 79%fj-So%c,
closed SO>ic; December, So®Sl%c, closed &OV2C
HOPS—
WOOL— Steady.
METALS far the week has been an
uneventful market for Metals. Business has
be>>n exceptionally high; price changes have
been unimportant and news, upon the whole,
has been of Indifferent purport. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrant* unchanged at $11 "
nominal.
LAKE COPPER— DuII at $18 50 nominally.
TIN Dull, with $2:. 65 hid and 82: 75 asked
LEAD— with $4 4.i and $4 SO asked. Th«
brokers' price for lead is |4 25 and for copper
*1S 50. *
SPELTER— with $« 75®7 00 asked
COFFEE— Options closed quiet at net un
changed prices. Sales. 9,650 bags, including
August, $6 15; September, $." 20®n 25; Novem
ber, 15 35; December. $5 55^5 60; January
$5 60; March, $5 70. Spot Coffee— Rio quiet:
mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw firm; refined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6551 packages. Firm;
not quotably higher. Western creamery li
<8>18c: factory. 11%(513c.
Receipts, 12.955 packages. Firm
Western, 15@lSc; Southern. UCgiic.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW* YORK. May 25.— California Dried
Fruits quiet and easy.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7«Bc
prime wire tray, R^@S%c; choice, 8%@90: fan
cy. 9^iS9%c.
PRUNES— 4i;S9%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13%<!?14c; Moorpark, W.i
19c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9%#llHc; peeled, 25
©28c. V-;\
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 25.— A rush of shorts to covr.
owing to continued bad crop reports, strong
cables and a bullish Price Current summary
started Wheat fully lc higher than last nights
close. The market was kept from a further ad
vance, however, during the first two hours by
the quantity of long wheat for sale, but when it
was finally all absorbed and more demanded
the market took another sharp up turn and re
mained strong until the close. European
drought claims were calamitous and added ti
the advance. July opened %SlHc higher at 76<a
• We, held steady at 76% c, declined slowly t.
754 c rose quickly to 7«% c and closed with buy
ers at 764 c. v- - . •• .
Corn declined under realizing Influence by
favorable weather and slack cash demand July
declined HfaVic. ,
Heavy receipts, favorable crop reports anc
an exceedingly poor cash demand weakenec
oatP. July closed %@Hc lower.
Heavy receipts of hogs made a heavy pro
vision market. July pork lost 71,,- and larc
and ribs 5c each.
The lending futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
May 7514 7574 74% 7514
£ u 'y -•• 75% 76% 7.V 2 76V
September 76% 764 75^ 7«i.;
.Corn No. 2 —
Mar 33% 33% 3314 m
i" ] y 334 334 33>.i
September 34 34<4 33% 337^
Oats No. 2—
May 26H 26»» 25% •' S«t
July •• 23% 23% 234 m
September 20% 20% 20ft 2'u!
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July 815 820 8 124 816
September 830 S 374 8 274 830
Lard, per 100 pounds—
£ vl >' 505 505 5 024 6 02"
September.... 5 174 520 615 615
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July * 67% .4 70 465 4 674
September 480 4SO 4 77% 4SO
Cash quotations were as follows: ~"
Flour firm. No. 2 spring "Wheat, 74@75U C
No. 3 spring Wheat. 69(374c: No. ■> red 7(s<a
77% c; No. 2 Corn, 33y 4 c; No. 2 Oats. 26% c; No
2 white 29c; No. 3 white, 17%028%c- No !
Rye, 62c: No. 2 Barley, 35040 c; No ' 1 ' Flax
seed, *1 6; New Western. $1 67: prime Timothy
$2 25: mess Pork per bbl., M 1008 15; Larc
per 100 lbs.. $Soo®s 02' i; Short Ribs side
(loose), t* 5004 75; dry salted Shoulders (boxed
4%®4%c; short clear Sides (boxed). $5 nog-, 10
"Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal.
♦1 26. **
Fi^T'bbT, ToeS t8 - Shipments.
Flour, bbls 7.000 IS ono
Wheat, bu 26:oiw $000
Corn, bu. 112.000 327.000
Oatß, bu 365.000 331000
Rye, bu - g.f/,0 LOoo
Barley, bu. 8.500 j m*)
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was quiet. Creams. 12'rr1740- dairies
10016 c. Eggs steady; fresh, 13c. Cheese weak'
creams. S\li9%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July Sept.
Opening 5 9% 59
Closing 6 1014 6 94
/.'*- ' PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat May. Sept.-Dec
Opening • ••••. 20 55 20 35
Closing 20 55 20 40
Flour —
Opening ...; 43 60 27 90
Closing 43 60 27 95
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 25.— CATTM?-
Ing extremely undesirable offerings, there was
an uncommonly good demand for cattle at the
recent advance. Fancy ' cattle, $5 66@5 65;
choice steers, to 30t?5 50; mediums, $4 80@4 85;
beef steers, J4 35$* 75; cows and heifers, S3 70@
THE SAIN" FKAJNtIWU CALL, IKlliAi i 31 AY 80, 18«JJ.
4 45; bulls, $3 25f4 50; Western fed steers, $4 50
(g>:> 50; Texans, $4 20igo; calves, $5@7 50.
HOGS— The supply of hogs was In excess of
the demand and prices were forced oft another
nickel. Fair to choice, $3 82Vfc(g3 95; heavy
packers. 13 50<g~3 80; mixed. $3 60<g)3 S7V6; butch
ers, $3 63(g3 90; light. $3 60@3 85: pigs, $3 30®
3 75.
SHEEP — There was a restricted demand for
sheep and lambs and prices ruled largely 15c
lower. Sheet) sold at $4 75®5 50; yearlings.
$5 2506 75; clipped lambs, $4 25@5 50; wooled
Colorado lambs, scarce and pretty much nom
inal; spring lambs, $7@B per hundredweight.
Receipts— Cattle, 11.500; hops, 45.000; sheep,
14,000.
CANNED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
NEW" York. May 2.1.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The market for future OUlfonil*
canned fruits seems to be In an unsettled con
dition. When it appeared that the project tol
form a combination of packers was not likolj
ft^goth rough, owing to opposition of some of
the large packers and hesitancy shown by a
number of smaller concerns to put their inter
ests In the hands of a central body, certain of
the packers put out prices based on what they
believed would be a fair cost of production.
Subsequently growera made prices on green
fruit considerably above figures that had been
expected by canners. In the case of cherries
comparatively high prices for green fruit were
based on the short crop. Apricots were quoted
higher by growers In view of the exp*ct*d
large demand from the Kast for green fruit
In consequence of the reported failure r ' the
crops of fruit In this section. Prices on
peaches In California were advanced for the
same reason, and most of the packers who bad
made prices were compelled to withdraw tiiem,
or increase quotations. The withdrawal of
prices by large packers was attributed in
some quarters to the fact that the long-louk«d
for combination of California fruit packers
had at last been completed. The latest Infor
mation from the coast, however, is to the ef
fect that nothing definite has yet been accom
plished in the direction of amalgamating pack-
Inp interrsts. but that cffjrts to bring about
a consolidation of these interests have met
with marked success, and it is believed ihat
if the combination is not formed this season
It will be effected In time to control the market
next year. In Ihe meantir.-.e advices received
here from the coast are of such conflicting
character as to cause very unsettled feeling.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. May 2:,.— California fruit sold
to-day: Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 40<?T3 30, aver
age $2 66: Rlack Tnrtarlan. $1 10@3 75, average
$1 RS; Bigerreau. $1 80*6 2 15. average $1 94; Re
publican. $1 20<ffl SO, average $1 43; Governor
Wood, Jl 4.Veil 95. average $1 64; Royal Cots,
$3 13T73 J.S. average $3 63.
CHICAGO, May 25.— California fruit sold to
day: Apricots— Royal, $3 75 single crate; Seed
ling, $308 10. Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 B6@
3 70. average $3 13 box ; Tartarian, $2 2. r .<<?2 75,
average $2 Tr4; Centennial, $1 90@2 30, average
J2 15; Queen, Jl X©l 40.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 25.— Consols. IV>%: silver,
2S'/»d; French rentes, lO2f 40c; wheat cargoes off
; coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
I passage, sellers at advance 3d; Walla Walla,
j 2Ss 3d: English country markets, steady; im
. ports wheat into United Kingdom. 361.000 qrs;
imports flour Into United Kingdom, 273.1W1 bbls.
LIVERPOOL. May 26.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in I.iris. steady: flour ln Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. May 25.-WHEAT-Spot No. 3
red Western winter, firm. 6s No. 1 red
Northern Duluth. firm. 6s 4^d. Futures dull;
July. 5s V»,ri. September. hs> 9Ud.
1 ORN Spot American mixed new. firm. 3s
6d; American mixed old. firm, 3s 6'; d. Fu
tures, steady; May, 3s 6d; July. 3s sVjd.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. May 25.— Clearings, $261,500;
balances, $67,374.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 26.— Chicago wheat closed
at 7«40 for the j u | y option to-day, a net gain
of over 6',c In t-r, .lavs. Liverpool options also
showed a material advance and New York and
Snn Francisco were higher, with Liverpool car
goes quoted 6d higher than on Wednesday.
Under these circumstances the local market
overcame the pressure of a decidedly strong
tonnage situation and reflected a portion of
the advance. Walla Walla commanding :■-'■}
58!* c and valley BBc, with hluestem (OQ6IC
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May ». A firmer feeling was re
ported in the local wheat market to-day and
prices advanced i^c. Club is quoted at 57Uc
bluestem, 60Hc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 day 5...... — J4 S6'4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 $%\
Sterling Cables _ 4 >■■■.■ 4 '
New York Exchange," sight .... — i;i.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Is
Mexican Hollars — 4?V4ffsfll^
Fine Silver, per ounce ■ — i;i'i,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— After several weeks f of doubt and
suspicion Chicago operators have at -last ac
cepted the recent bull reports and that market
Is decidedly firmer, with stronger foreign ad
vices. The general tendency is upward, owing
to confidence and the conviction that winter
Wheat Is practically a failure. Wheat seem 3
to he going Into strong hands, though holders
are selling freely and professional realizing
may cause a reaction. Russia is canceling
orders for binders with Chicago houses.
The local market Is somewhat higher both
on and off call.
$A P O©V^r lt ~ ShlPPlnfr ' ** ofi<4 ' ?l OS%: milling.
•"ALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
12,000 ctls, $1 17.;; 14.000,- Jl 17H; SOCK) $1 \-%
Second Session— December— ctl's $1 lfii
-22,000. (l 17.«. '
Regular Morning Session — December— 14 000
ctls. $1 17H: 14,000. ji 17%; 6000. $1 17<-i; 28 000
Jl 17'»: 40.0-10. $1 17; 10.000, $1 is% : 10.000 I ji J6^"
Afternoon December--- 6000ctls, tl 16^;
l?,0O0. $1 17.
BARLEY— Was steady, with holders asking
full figures. The demand, however, was light
Feed. $1 O7'-i*7?l 10; Brewing. $1 12V4igl 15 per
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99 new
—2000 ctls, 86V&c; 2000, 85Hc; 4000, 85% c '
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— '99 new—
2000 r-tl.s, S.V-jr.
Afternoon Session -No sales.
OATS— The small quantity here Is firmly held
though the demand ie still light.
Fancy Feed, $1 47«4@1 50 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 42%@1 47V4; common. $1 37U«i 40
Surprise, $1 50@l 55; Gray, *1 35®1 46- Milling
11 45@1 50 per ctl; Red, $1 35@1 40; Black. $1 30
@1 32 1 a-
CORN— Quiet and unchanged.
Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 12%; Eastern
large Yellow. Jl 12%; White. j{ 15^1 17U
mixed, Jl 10 per ctl; California White nominal'
RYS-97M,cfil 02% per ctl. ' '"minai.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI 1
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, J3 So@ 3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra
J3 25@3 40 for bakers' and J2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 25 per 100 tbe; Rye Flour. J2 75- Rye
Meal. %i 50; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal J2 60- ex
tra cream Cornmeal. J3 25; Oatmeal. J4 50@4 75-
Oat Groats, J4 75; Hominy, J3 25(33 50- Buck
wheat Flour. J4@4 25; Cracked Wheat (3 75-
Farina, J4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, J3 50 # Rolled
Oats (barrels). SS 55@6 95; In sacks. J6 3506 75-
Pearl Barley, J5; Split Peas. J4 50; Green Peas'
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
A schooner of new Barley Hay from the
river, the first of the season, was offered and
the receiver bid it in at $5 50. A car of new
wild Oat sold at J7. The market continues flat
at unchanged quotations. Buyers are doing
nothing at all.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— JI6i@I6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JI7@JI9 50 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. J23024 ncr
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26 *50- lob
bing, J27 60; Cocoanut Cake, J21@22; Cornmeal.
J23 50®24 50; Cracked Corn. J24W25- Mixed
Feed. J15@16; Cottonseed Meal. J24526 per ton
OLD HAY-Wheat. * 10 12 for *°° d to choice
and J7 50@9 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat
J7(gll: Oat. J6@lo: Barley. J6@S; Alfalfa Js®7
NEW HAY-Wheat, J7@B; Wild Oat J6«?7
Alfalfa. $5@7 per ton. ' * W7>
STRAW— 2S<gSOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market continues dull at unchanged quo
tations.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40®l 50; Small White, $1 90
@2 10; Large Whites. Jl 40@l 65; Pinks, Jl 80®
1 90; Reds, J2 35; Blackeye, J4®4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limns, J3 90<§.4; Pea, i2@2 35; Red
Kidneys. $2 50@2 70 per ctl. a
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed
2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c; Rape, 3@3%c-
Hemp. 4®4<4c; Timothy. 4»i@sUc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, Jl 60@l 90; Green. Jl 75
©2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 462 boxes Asparagus, 188 boxes
Rhubarb, 215 sacks Peas and 3172 boxes and 390
sacks new Potatoes.
String Beans • were weak, . with a downward
tendency, . under., liberal stocks, and Tomatoes
■were also weak. There. was considerable small
and cheap Asparagus, which went low. Cu
cumbers had a wider range.
There waa no particular change in Potatoes
and Onions. ■ *, . '■ . ■
POTATOES-Old. »1 2501 TO per cU; New Po-_
tatoes, l@l>*c per Ib in sacks and $1 25®1 50 for
Rivers In boxes.
ONIONS— OId are nominal; new, 35@40c per
sack for Red.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 50c@$l 25 per
box for No. 2, $1 50(31 75 for No. 1 and $2<B>
2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb, 50<565c per box for
common and 75c95l for good to choice; Green
Peas H4Bf2V»c per lb for common and z^fcc
for Garden; "String Beans from Los Angeles.
3#50 for green and r>«6<- for Golden Wax;
String Heans from Vacavllle, sff?6c for green
and sfl"6<- for Wax: Horse Beans. 35<if50c per
sack; Cabbage. $1 25® 1 35; Tomatoes, $1 25@1 75
Mr box: Mexican Tomatoes, $10160; Egg
Plant, UOUttC per Ib; Garlic, s««c for new;
Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, 10015 c; Carrots, 30<g40c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 25iff"5c per dozen;
Sacramento and Marynville Cucumbers, $2@3
per box; Summer Squash, 7.">c(srsl per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Receipts are moderate and go off readily at
higher prices. The market Is tame and fea
tureless.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13^140 for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 60; Goslings. $1 25«2; Ducks. $.Va6 for old
and $5 5CK£i7 for young; Hens, $5 5006 50; young
Roosters, J7<&B 50; old Roosters, |6O« 50; Fryers,
KAI 50; Broilers, $4 5005 50 for large, $2 50
«B'i 50 for small; Pigeons, $2<?f2 25 per dozen
for old and $2fa2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1. Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Egga continue firm, with diminishing- ar
rivals, and some dealers are quoting sales over
the quotations. Cheese continues weak and in
large supply. Rutter is strong, as the pack
ing here anil in the country has greatly reduced
stocks, but the trade are afraid to advance the
market much, fearing to shut off the Southern
demand.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 17c; seconds,
16(gl6Hc.
Dairy— Fancy. I.'<7fl6c; good to choice, 13^
14Hc; store, 1214 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, S'^Sc: old, 8c;
Young America, 10c: Eastern, 13(g15c.
EGOS— Quoted at 16<fflK>^e for store and 17V3>
1816 c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16V4@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1677 boxes Cherries and 673
chests Strawberries.
Cherries are dragging badly and every dealer
has unsold stock on hand. Prices are so high
that the regular demand is checked. Receipts
continue small.
A large portion of the Apricots now coming
in are small and poor. Peaches look better,
but Plums are still green and undesirable.
Berries are in moderate receipt and steady.
More Figs came In from Palm Springs and
sold at $1 75 per hox.
DECIDUOrs FRUITS—
Apples, $1 50® 2 50 for fair to good and iW
8 50 for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 60®7"iC
per box.
BERRlES— Gooseberries. 2."i5 300 per drawer
and 2 1 2 / 53 c per Ib in bulk; Blackberries fr nn
Newcastle. per crate; from Covina, $125;
Strawberries. $4'(/fi per chest for small and $3W
3 75 for large berries; Rnspberrles. 40©65 c pet
drawer; Newcastle Raspberries, $1 per crate;
Logan Rerrics. .'.oc per drawer.
Currants, 50675 c per drawer.
Cherries, S.'.'.ir-Oc for white. fin-^T.'p for ltnyal
Anne and 50975 c per box for bla'-k: black, in
bulk. B®7c; white. 3@4c per tb; Royal Anne.
s<g7e.
Green Pears. 504975 c per box.
Apricots. $1 25ft 1 SO per i-rate and $1"51 50 per
box for Pringles and $2 60 per crate for Royals.
Peaches, 75e(fi s s2 per box.
Plums, 75Ca$l 2-5 per box.
Cherry Plums, 60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25<g3 75
per box; Seedlings, $1 2."'fi2 2T.; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 5091 25; Lemons. $1 2.">? M5O for com
mon and $2112 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4 506*5; California Limes. 50#75c per
small box; Grape Fruit. 50c'B$l; Bananas, $150
<82 per bunch: Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAKSINS.
There is nothing new In this market.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, "c for 40-50' s. iff
S%c for 50-60's. 4®4%c for 60-70's, 3%<33%c for
70-SO's, 2*i@3ViC for 80-90' s, 2%@2%c for 90-100's
and 2@2V«c for 100-110' s; Peaches. 8%@9%c for
good to choice, 10@10Hc for fancy and 14@15c
for peeled; Apricots, 12V4@13c for Royals and
l*®lsc for Moorparks; Evaporated'Applles. 9'^ig'
9%c; sun dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal. lHc for unpitted and 4^!jj6c for pitted;
Pears, 3@9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4',4@6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grape», 4 <g3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts. s<i?!lc.
for hardshell, 10<glle for softshell: Almonds Sft
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell, 14@16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4V*(ffi
So for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10-fllc for bright and Stpc
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7';Qi
7%c; light amber extracted, 7e; dark, s<gsV»c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S®27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MF.ATS-P.acon. So per lb for heavy,
MiO«C for light medium, 10%@llc for light. 12c
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll@ll%c; California
Hams, 10@10%c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbi; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
irin-.e Pork. $12; extra clear, $18; mess. $16-
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— quoted at BV4©s%c per Ib for
compound and 74'ff7%c for pure; half barrels
pure 8c; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, ' 6%o6'ic; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case o% c '
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, S9it : ; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7"4 c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
■ Wool continues active and firm, and in Bos
ton there Is almost a boom. There is no change
In Hides and Tallow.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, B@9%c; light. S%c; Cow
hides. 9c; Stags. 6<S6%c; Salted Kip, 9 0 '; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brand/
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf 17 C '
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10g30c each- short
Wool 35® 60c each; medium, 70<§90c; lone Wool
90e*&$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 754,2 2^
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c *
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb- No
? 3%if?3%c: refined, ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns. 7 months, 7©9 c; year's staple 6»Kp-
Foothill and Northern free, ll'ffUr- Foothill'
and Northern defective, Si&lOc: Nevada Wl3e'
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@16c. ' 1V " 1JC '
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 «<.!/„
Southern ;." 6 52££
Plains w £
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@llc per lb for ordlnarv
12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice in
fancy from first hands. i; . lo
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No further decline In lings is reported and
the market is now rather steadier. . The other
descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
fo BEEF— 7%@8%c per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
VEAL— per lb
MUTTON-Wethers, 7@7%c: Ewes. 7c per lb
LAMB— Spring. S@S%c per lr»
PORK-Llve Hogs. 5%@6%c for small, 5%@
5%c -for medium and Eos%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders. 4%@5c; dressed Hog 7®
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%£5% c for June
and JU 4 y 9 , Wool Bags, 26 28 c: San Quentin
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $<!; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle $6-
Bryant. J V, Coos Bay. $5; Walls-end. $7 50 :
ft! r 0t h ,'v W: £ Umb< T land - * S S0 ln bulk and $9 60
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $14-
Ga?r'i7 s^V P< l r tO . n Rock Sprln e and Cas le
In BackJ : Coke> IK. per ton ln bulk and $14
111 eitCKS,
SUGAR-The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Pi.ii' Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6%c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Cranulated. -%c: Dry
Granulated 5%0; Confectioners' A. otfc; Cali-
OnTJJt. A y *£• M noll A. 474 c; Extra C. 4%c:
Golden C. 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
2 c n more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, Ho more,
equivalent ' eBS than 75 barrels or "■
»im?M^£ > ! < SALT-Is higher at $22 50 and
$13 60@14 per ton for the two qualities.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, May 25.
Flour, qr ska .... 48,955 Lime, bbls 273
JVheat, ctls 840 Wool, bags ...... 636
Rarley. ctls 4.921 Lumber, feet .... 20,000
Butter, ctls rsr. Quicksilver. . flks.. 63
Cheese, ctls 265 Hops, bales ...... 22
Beans, sks 730 Hides. No 401
Potatoes, sks .... 2.7B9 'Leather, rolls .. 113
°, n '°, n f. sks 612 Straw, tons 8
Middlings, sks .. 2.oso 'Hay. tons ....... 301
Bran. sks. 1.410 Pelts, bdls ...... 3,167
Sugar, sks 7,975 Eggs. doz-. 20.250
Sugar, bbls l.iv.M) wine, gals ...... 58,800
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 9,801 1 Potatoes, sks .... 88
Oats, ctls ' 2401 Bran, sks ....... 1,200
THE STOCK MARKET.
An advance in Oceanic Steamship to $88 and
a decline in Onomea Sugar to $43 25 were the
only noteworthy changes In securities on the
mornlns session.
On the afternoon call Giant Powder was
weaker at $76. Oceanic at $S7 and Gaa and
Electric at $65 50. as the lowest figures.
Mlnlmc stocks were dull and rather weak
The telegram from the pump said: "The sec
ond elevator is working steadily on half time
ami is holding the water near the 1950-foot
i^ Fo i low L nar lB a llßt ° r additional mining div
idends this month: Bullion, Beck & Cham-
Plon, $10,000 on May 15th; Centennial Eureka.
$15,000 on the same date; , Garfleld Con.. $12.
--000, May 20th; Morning Star, $6000. May 15th.
The Confidence, Challenge Consolidated and
Consolidated Imperial ■ mining companies ' dur
ing the past week have been engaged in re
opening the west crosscut from the surface
tunnel and in putting in new tunnel sets where
found necessary and . in taking up old tracks
and replacing the same - with new.
In the Belcher mine during ! the past week
they have had me; at work on repairs to the
station on the 400-foot level of the shaft.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. May 25—2 p. m.
Did. Ask. I ' Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit GL. Co. — 6%
4s quar c0up. .114 — i Mutual El Co. 15 —
4s quar reg... - — Oakland Gas.. 44% 45"4
4s quar new. .129 ISO Pac Gas Imp. — 66
&a quar coup. .108 — Pac L. Co 45% —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 65% 66%
Cal-st Cab ss. 117 — San Fran 3% 3%
Cal Elec L, 6ss. 125^127"% Stocktoil Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55....111V->ll2Vi Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... - — Flrem's Fund. 22o , —
E L. & P 65...1»0'i — : Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry 65.115% — Anglo-Cal — 65%
Geary-st R Es. 90 99 i Hank ol Ca1.. 261 265
HC & U 5%5..1(>2% — Cal S D &T. — !)8%
L A Ry 55.... 107 Frst- National.22o —
LAL Co 65.. 101% — Lon 1* &A. 130 132
Dd gntd 65..101% — , Mer Exchange — 16
Market -st (i 5. ..128% — Nev Nat Bnk. — ISO
Do Ist M 55.116'/illS {Savings Banks—
NCN G H 78.1U8 — Ger S & L.1600 l«40
X Ry Cal (15.. 116 117 Hum S & L..1050 1160
N Rof Cal 55.11.m — Mutual Say. — 41%
NPC R R fis. - 108 S F Say U.. 500 —
N PC H n 55.103 — S & L, 50... — SO
N Cal R R 55.112 — Security S B 285 — '
Oak Gas 55... 11 l — Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65.. 127 130 i Street Railroads—
P & C\ Ry 68.107 — (California ....116 —
P & O6s 117 — .Geary 57% —
Powell-st 65... - 122%lMarket-8t 63% 63»4
Sac El Ry ss. — — | Oak S L, & H — —
8F & N P 58.116 116? i Presidio — 1>
S F & S JVos.ll4 115 i Powder—
Sierraß Cal 65.105% — 1 California .....160 187%
S P of Ar 65. 113% — E Dynamite... — 92%
fc> P C 6e (1905) — 112 1 Giant Con Co. 75% 76
SPC 6s (1906) — — Vlgorit 3% 4
SPC 6s (1912) — — .Sugar—
SP C Isck ss. 104% — Hana P C 0... 17 17%
SPBr 6b 123 — |Haw C& S C.112%115
S V Wat 65... 116%U6%, Hutch S I' Co. 34% 34%
S V Wat 45.... 104% — (Kilauea S Co. — 32%
S V W45(3dm)102% — Onomea S Co. 43 43%
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — i Paauhau S P. 41% 41%
Water Stocks— ! Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 70% 71 Al Pac Assn. ll3% —
Marin Co 50 — Ger Ld Wks. .250 —
Spring Valley. loo%lol Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. S6»i —
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A... 2% 2%
Central G Co.. — — Pac S Bor C0.117%121
Cent L, & P.. 6% — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Boa rd —
20 Alaska Parkers' Assn 114 25
40 Central Light * Power 7 00
2;. Contra Costa Water 7100
50 Equitable Gns 6 50
■ 5 Giant Powder Con 77 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 34 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 12%
130 Market Street Railway 63 12%
70 Oceanic S S Co Bxoo
50 Onomea Sugar Co 43 50
50 Onomea Sugar Co 43 25
115 Paauhau S P Co 41 50
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co — 66 62%
20 Spring Valley Water 101 00
$1000 United States 3 per cent bonds 10S 00
Street—
$22,000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bds...H6 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Giant Powder Con 77 00
50 Giant Powder Con 76 50
200 Giant Powder Con 76 00
60 Giant Powder Con 76 25
$15,000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bds..H6 50
50 Oceanic S S Co 87 25
SO Oceanic P S Co .....87 00
160 Paauhau S P Co 41 50
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 66 50
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 66 75
100 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 66 00
60 San Fran Gar & Electric Co. s 90 65 50
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 65 62 1
60 Spring Valley Water 10100
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning I Session.
Board
-15 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 6$ 37%
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 66 75
30 Spring Valley Water 101 00
$3000 S V Water bonds. (3d mortgage).... 102 75
. 50 Hutchinson S P Co 34 12%
25 Paauhau S P Co 41 2:,
Afternoon Session.
Board— ■ .
20 Oceanic S S Co 87 75
25 Contra Costa Wafer 71 00
15 Giant Powder Con 77 00
100 Equitable Gas 6 75
20 Equitable Gas 6 b"t%
10 Central I/lght &■ Power 7 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD."
Morning Session.
. Street— ';.«."
?n Contra Co?ta Water 7100
20 San Francisco Gas A. Electric Co 66 7".
Afternoon Session. f£- -
Board— .
25 Equitable Gas 6 62%
20 Contra Costa Water .........; 7] 00
60 Giant Powder ("on .................... 77 00
60 Onomea Sugar Co 43 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stork Board yesterday:
200 Alta . 06 200 Hale & NorcTl 34
200 Belcher ■ 34 ] 100 Justice 20
600 Best & Belcher 51 500 Mexican 46
200 Bullion 07 500 Occidental 30
" 200 Caledonia 52 200 Overman ' 18
ion Caledonia 53 100 Potosi 38
400 Con Cal & Va.l 70 100 Savage 25
200 Crown Point... 2S 100 Sierra Nevada. 76
100 Gould & Curry 32 100 Union • Con .... 44
200 Gould & Curry 31 100 Yellow Jacket. 3S
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 1071 100 Mexican 4S
100 Belcher 36' 300 Ophlr 1 15
400 Bullion 071 600 Fotosl 39
ion chollar 32 200 Potosi 38
100 Confidence ....1 00| 50 Savage 27
2000 Crown Point... 30 400 Yellow Jacket. 38
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best * Belcher 52 100 Hale * Norcrs 34
200 Bullion " 07 600 Mexican 47
300 Caledonia. ...... 52 200 Ophlr 112^
700 Chollar 31 700 Potosl 3S
600 Con Cnl & V...1 70 200 Savage 26
500 Con Cal * V.I 724 800 Sierra Nevada. 76
200 Crown Point..: 2S| 300 Yellow Jacket. 39
Afternoon Session.
800 Alta 071 200 Hale & Norcrs 85
300 Belcher 35 i 300 Occidental 33
200 Caledonia 54 ' 200 Ophlr 112^
400 Con Cal & V.I 72-2 600 Potosi 39
200 Confidence M 200 Sierra Nevada. 79
200 Confidence .....1001 600 Utah 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 25—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ■ Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 06 Justice 19 21
Alta 06 07 Kentuck — 07
Andes OR 00 Lady. Wash.... 01 02
Belcher 35 36 Mexican 47 48
Best & Belcher 53 54 Occidental 30 31
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 54 55 Overman 15 17
Chollar 31 32 Potosl 3S 39
Challenge Con. 34 35 Savage 26 27
Confidence 1001 05 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 70 175 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02|SIerra Nevada. 7S 79
Crown Point... 30 31 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Exchequer ..... 02 03 Standard 260 —
Gould & Curry 31 33] Union Con 44 45
Hale & Norcrs 34 35 Utah 16 17
Julia .. 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 3S 39
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Pierre and Josephine Dupuy to J. G. Dem
ing lot on NW corner of Larkln and Eddy
streets. N25 by. W 85; $10.. ,' *
Estate of Hannah Bremer (by Michael Tier
ney, executor) to Albert .1. Raisch. lot on S
line of Oak street. 110 W of Stelner. S 120:4. NW
32:8. N 107:2, E 30: $3000. - .
Albert J. and Emma V. Raisch to Mary A.
Drvden (wife of George H. S.), same; $2100.
George H.S. Dryden to same, same; Rift.
Joseph and Katharine Partmann to Mary Hil
lebrand, lot on N line of Eddy street, 150 W
of Pierce \V 30 by N 75; also lot on E line of
Farren avenue, 76 N of Eddy street, N 25 by
E 90* $10
Catharine yon Dobrogoiski (Sullivan, wife of
Victor I.) to Hepburn Wilklns. lot on S line of
Clinton Park, 205 E of Dolores street, E 25 by
S 75 • ■ 1 0
' Frederick W. and May E. Bridge to William
and Kmilie Bnhle, lot on S line of Twentieth
street 25 W of Alabama, W 50 by S 104; $10.
John Canney (Kanney) to Jane Canney (Kan
ney) lot on W line of Fair Oaks streets, 31 S
of Twenty-second. S. 30 by W 117:6: Rift.
Jacob and Una Herman to William and Mary
J Hohn lot on E - line of Hoffman avenue
(Ellen). 26:6 S of Twenty-third. S 25 by E .90.
lot 128. Heyman Tract; $10. . _
Martha Buckelew to Mary E. Beale. lot on S
line of Vallejo street, 97:6 E of Battery. E 20 by
• Quari Ling and Chun i Hop Chow to Chan
Kwong Sun, undivided fifteen-thirty-fourths of
half of lot on E line of Bartlett alley, 112:6 N
of Jackson street, N 25 by E 60; $1500. ?,-■•-■ ...
Antoine and Grade Borel to Hermann Fri
dahl and Charles A. Sandahl. lot on E line of
Twelfth avenue. 250 N of California street, N
25 by X 120: $10.
Earnest. Alfred. Godfrey and Theodore Rue
ger and Frieda B. • Gerrich (Rueirer) to Ous
tave Gnauck. E 58 feet by 100 of lot 115, block
140 Central Park Homestead: also lots 35, 36,
180, 239 and 240, Spring Valley Homestead; $1. •
Frederick Plfeger to. Nicholas Ohlandt. lot on
SE-Hne of Falcon street. 252:1 NE of Moss. N
60 deg. 20 mm. E 25, S 44 deg. E 112. S 49 deg. 50
m!n. W 25. N 39 den. '. 45 mln. W 112. lot 6,
block 3, Market-street. Homestead; $2454.
Estate Daniel - Lapouble ■ (by .1. P. Verges,
administrator) '.to Marie i l^apouble. undivided
half of lot on SE line of Cayuga avenue. 320 NE
of * Onondaga street, NE 160 by SE 401, lots 3,
i, 13 and 14, block 13. West End Map 1; $1250.
Alameda County.
Catherine Perry to Mary Watt, lot on N line
of Sixteenth street. 57:3 E of Cypress, E 2.". hv
N 104:9, being lot 50, block 602, Scotchler Tract
Oakland; $1.
Joseph Schnelly to Peter and Frederlke
Bchwelss, lot on N line of Central avenue or
West Twelfth street, 260 E of Center. X 52 by
N 100. being lot 34, map of Center-street Home
lots at Oakland Point, less a strip of 10 feet
taken for widening Central avenue or West
Twelfth street to width of SO feet, Oakland;
$1900.
Fred and Annette Armstrong to A. H. Nay
lor, lot on W line of Raymond street, 135.53
S of Ashby avenue. S 50 by W 100, being por
tion lot 6, block A, Woolsey Tract, Berkeley;
$2000.
Thomas R. and Mary H. Bassett to Ameri
can Surety Company of New York, lot on E
line of Brandon street. 225 N of Lloyd avenue,
N T7:fi by E 100, lot 14. Fruit vale Station
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Melvina S.. Albert and Mellle D, Stevens and
Abbie S. Carpenter to Luella Moyle (wife of
Stephen) lots 1 and ". block 54, map of South
ern Addition of Town of Livermore, Murray
Township: J175.
A. A. Fink to James Paine, lots 23 and 24,
block 32. Tract B Berkeley L. and T. I. As
sociation, Berkeley; $r>o.
Builders' Contracts.
Rev. Father J. A. Cooper. rector of the
parish r.f Ocean Vi«w. etc. (owner) with J.
H. Hughes (contractor), architect B. J. Clinch-
All work for ■ dwelllnr house on N line of
Broad street, 320 E of Plymouth (Marengo), E
125 by 125; $2236.
D. Casassa (owner) with William Horst
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect W. H.
Armitage— All work, except plumbing and
painting, to remodel old two-story frame build
ing and construct new three-story frame build-
Ing on S lin.- of o'Farrell street tW Pierce),
1909 O'Farrell: J7300.
Same owner with John Doherty (contractor),
architect same- Plumbing ami gas fitting for
same on same; $1175.
Joseph Goetz (owner) with William Plant
(cmtractori architect T. J. Welch— Carpentry,
joinery hardware, plastering. tinning, gal
vanized Iron work and glazing for two two
story frame buildings, ba-spments. attics and
brick foundations, on N line of Vallejn street,
1064 E of Octavia, N 1 37 : « by E 50:S; $6525.
Same owner with James E. Brltt (contractor).
architect same— Sewer, plumbing and gas fit
ting for same on same; ?9!>o.
Mrs. Terese Meinet (owner) with Peter Ras
musspn (contractor), architect none-All work
for two one-story houses on SW corner of Ver
mont and Twenty-third (Nevada) streets, S
60 by W lfiO; 11600.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the beneflt of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if arty. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
lieutenant Commander, T*. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hisrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minut"s later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, MAY 28.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th» early morning tides are given In the- left
hand column and the successive tides of the
Jay In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
*nd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
clven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus Men — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rpfpr°nft> (c the n"»sn o< th«» lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydr"*rat»hlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
<"hant«" F-rchange, San Francisco. Cal..
May 25, 1R99. -
Th» time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 25.
Ptmr Gipsy, Inland, 20 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 70 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Br ship Ardencraig, Trask, 78 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Bark Martha Davis, Friis. 22 days from
Honolulu. V
Bark Ceylon, "Wilier, 24 days from Honolulu.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 48 hours from
Fish Rook.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 4S hours from Bowens
Landing.
Sohr Mary Dodge, Hansen, 20V4 days from
Hana.
Schr Charles Hanson, Dannevlsr, 21 1 days
from Hana.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing:.
Schr Nettle Sundbers:. Johnson, 4 days from
L sal.
Schr Esther Buhne, Anderson, 21 days from
Honoipu.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannsen, 20 hours
from Stewarts Point.
- Schr Monterey, Beck, 21 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Schr Baranoff, Vachary. 2S days from Altata.
CLEARED.
' Thursday. May 25.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co-
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong, etc; O & O
S S Co.
. -Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Brig W G Irwin. Williams. Honolulu; J D
Srreckels & Bros Co;
." /"JV SAILED.
Thursday, May 25.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, .
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. Nanaimo.
' Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Fort Bragg.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes. Nanalmo.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong and Yo
kohama.
• Brig W G Irwin. Williams. Honolulu.
Schr Compeer, Larsen, Vancouver.
Schr S Danielson. Crangle, Tillamook.
Schr Mary Etta, Bowens Landing.
Ktmr Arcata, Reed, Coss . Bay.
Srhr Del Norte, Jocobson, .
Schr Wing and Wing. Hansen, .
Schr Mary Buhne. Kalb. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
, POINT LOBOS, May 25. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS. •
The Albert. Alden Besse, S G Wilder and S
N Castle load mdse for Honolulu; Amy Turner,
mdse for Hllo. .
The John Ena loads lumber on the Sound for
Delagoa Bay, 60s. •
;.. SPOKEN. ,
Per echr Mary Dodge, May 22. lat 88 44 N.
long 129 3S W-Br bark Eilian. from Pleagua,
for San Francisco.
Per Ardencraig, April 7. lat 37 S, long 137 W-
Ship Tillle X Starbuck, from Honolulu for
Philadelphia, 33 days out.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKEL.EY— SaiIed May 25— Chilean
ship Temuco, for Valparaiso.
Arrived May 24— Schr Excelsior, from Sin
Pedro.
EVERETT— Arrived May 25— Bark Oakland,
hence May 7.
NEAH HAY— Parsed May 24— Stmr WasMo
naw, rrnni Tacoma, for San Franciso
2"> — Bark Louis Walsh, hcmv May 4, for [-
coma; schr C S Holmes, from Hono.li/
Port HlakPley; ship fharmer. hence May n, iv, r
Port Angeles.
PORT ANGELES— In port Ma >' -•''-Ship Char
mer, hence May 11.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 2-"— Stmr Columbia
hence May 23; stmr Hueneme, hence May 22
Sailed May 25— Br shii> Yarana. for Queens
town.
GRAYS HA RHOR— Arrived May 25— S<*hr Vl
king. hence May 9; schr Fannie Adele, fmrn
Kihei.
San PEDRO— Arrived May 25— Stmr
monk, from Ci»>s Hay.
Sailed May 2.V- Schr .T A Campbell, for Ta
coma; stmr Alcatraz. for San Francis
WAI-.DPORT— Arrived May IS— Schr Ame
thyst, hence May 4.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 25— Stmr
hence May 21.
Sailed May 2:.-Schr North Bend. I
Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 24-Stmr V
San Francisi-o; stmr Scotia, for Sai
; ciscn. May 25 Bchr Eva, for San
I bktn Mary Wlnkleman, for Sydney.
Arrived May 25 Stmr Pomona, hfn
24; schr Halcyon, hence May iv ; t.ktn M
h°nce May 20; stmr Samoa, hem-p M
SKATTI.E- Arrived May 25— Stmr Wills
hen-p May 22: stmr Laurada. fp'm
Sailed May :'.". Stmr Orizaba, for Dyea
Humhi ldt, for Dyea
COQOTLLE RlVEß— Sailed Ma- 24
Barbara Hprnster. for San Franclse
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 25— Stmr I
for San Francisco.
Arrived May 2." Stmr Noyo, h»nc» u a ..
EASTERN ports.
RALTIMORE— CIeared May 24— Ship
Howes, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
HONGKONC;--Arrived prior May 24— Br stmr
Ijpnnnx, from Oregon; Kr Btmr Tartar, fr<->m
Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrive.! May ?*-Rr ship
Port Patrick, from Algna Bay, to load for San
Francisco.
GREENOCK— SaiIed May 23 Br bark Fnrth
hank, for .
LONDON— Sailed May 2< Rr shir nuchal
burn, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 24— Stmr Tacoma,
for Tacoma.
NAGASAKI- Arrived May 17 Nor stmr Aktr.
from Newcnang.
SAMOA— Arrived May 13— I" S stmr ruijjer.
hence April 26.
ANTWERP— SaiIed May 24-Br snip lnv«ru
rie, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 25— Stmr Am
sterdam. New York, via Boulogne.
BREMEN— Arrived May 2.",- Stmr I.ahn, N*»w
York, via Cherbourg.
OCEAN TRA\EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j^,, Steamers leave Broadway
mw wharf. San Francisco:
ijSftSEJjhi For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
EjSPvvJgg!^ Ma - V 21- 26 > 31; June 5; changn
MfcflsW jlftf For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fißKcfdHKi C). Port Townp^nd, Seattle.
f^^^^E^HK Tacoma. Everett, Anaoortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. May 21. 26. 81: June
B. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May
19. 24. 29; June 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Oaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
j Newport. 9a. m.. May 20. 24, 18; June 1. and A
every fourth day thereafter.
For San. Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. May 18. 22. 26. 30: June 3. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magflalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
j month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
! without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of eafling.
TICKET OFirtOß —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
i GOODALL. PFRTTINS * CO.. Gen. Agt«..
10 Market «t . . Pan Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m
CADE * 12 First Class including Berths
; inilC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails May 23.
State of California sails May 18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
JTTVT rORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PATH*
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York May3ll>'ew York June 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June 28
St. Louis Junel4|St. Louis July 5 %
RED STAR LINE. '
«»w Yor'< fiH *r»tw»rt».
From New York Every Wednesday. 12. noon.
Kensington May 31 1 South wark June 21
Noordland June 7! Westernland ...June 18
Friesland June 14 1 Kensington July 5
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawiton Cltr.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. In. m tor
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, cAl'lln* at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 21
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General 'Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for'
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $35. Other Steamers. $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome, 925.50. Fumessia. 924.50. Other
Btrs.. 923.50.
For Book of Tours and Information appl? to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. *
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New f ork.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 5 Montgomery st.
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery st.
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 ♦ew Montgomery st.
SAN FRANCISCO. /v
fN-P||||fg| The S. S. Australia
fjpllllHi aiks for Honolulu
•£"*"■• Wednesday. May 31
H*V^-—^^ at 2 r m.
SfWflNline) via 'Honolulu* "and
StpanrchinJ vla Honolulu and
CyIKMIJIIIU Auckland for Sydney
(siHßfllZil~ We <3nesday. June 14.
\v|||^/uit*p at io p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERALE THANBATLANTIQU3.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, ajw
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <"3Tjr'-<\
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ~ "■"■ '**'*•
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, June 3: LA CHAM-
PAGNE/ June li): LA BHETAGNE. June 17-
LA TOURAINE, June 24; LA GASCOGNE July
1. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per
j cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to •
Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS^
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, • returning from Stockton at 6 p. m
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 803.
FOB I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Monticello." i _^
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9-45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, Ip. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. ' Telephone Main 1508.
, FARE . ! M.M... ...«••RAILROAD FRANCHISES
FAVORABLY ACTED ON
Market-Street Company Given
Everything It Asks.
Street Committee of the Supervisors
Takes Action on Petitions Present
ed to the Board.
THE Street Committee of the Hoard
- ipervisors made a clean sweep
of the applications for street rail
way franchises at its meetilng yes
t> rday afternoon, re-enacting the
:■ commendations prematurely made
ret meeting Monday afternoon,
hlch the Market Street Railway
and its allied corporation, the
Str< ■• . Park and ( >cean Railroad
■ ■ granted all they peti
The petition of the Southern Pacific
Company for a franchise for a •
track railmad over certain streets of the
city to replace the Blhgle track road whir 1 !
San Fran
l Sri Jos* ...- 30 acted upon
rably. The resolutions making these
wholesale grants of franchises will
up before the board Xt, and
unless th( - ' !! ' be
d to prinr.
i" Mission property ov
■
ed for flelaj In the matter of the petition
of the i • 'ompany.
9tponed for
lo marshal their
protc sting
■
idg ig .tssur
, bi heard n< .\t w ek,
■ t the building j
■■".. m Pacific petition was
! the franchise rec
■
- which received tho ln
•••■•■■ include Ibe
•■ ad to t
resent ■ able line from
to the park; the "cork
frunchisi for an electric line con
le district Avith the
. (US route \\ hieh has
ration for sumo time
■ chise for the construction
dds and ends ' of track, as Super-
Eiolland aptly said. In various
f the city. The latter franchise In
: • sections, the majority of
which pr> ■ Ide : r but a few blocks of
i ew ■• onect the various branches
of the Market-Street system. Section 3
providing for the construction and opera
tion line from the lnt< r-
Ti of California street and Thirty
along Thirty-se.-,. nd v . -
to Point Lobofl road, and
■np a fran a line from the
n of Point LobOS road and
-eighth avenue, along Forty-eighth
mi d sti eet between A
-sixth av< -
■ ■-.■::■■ to Forty
■ ■ • • ■ C street, 1 hence
■
by representatives of the Sutro Railroad,
whi. : • intended to parallel. This
takes in ti - team rail
'• a which the Mar
to; convert into
A. The commute*
mmended that tn. motive power be
tricity as titioi d for
[lowing named Btreetßi Bran- 1
• from First to Third; P
m X \in.y to Stockton; Bush
• 3 msome to Battery; !
• from Deviaadero to Central
gCi ■ ral avenue to Fu|-
Fulton to Seventh «■•
Hay. D tsadero to -
. California street, from Central aye
• to First avenue.
I I gton, D< asy and
LacKmann, ;he select committee apinitnt
ed b] i Monday, were present at
nd raised their voices in
protest ag granting of the fr.in
i hisep. but as tut y could not vote their
; naught Supervisoi
was the only member of the Street
Committee who did not vote for every
thing ask-d by the Market street system.
: "ii the plea of urg
ent I md departed before ;he
franchises were ready to • I upon.
All the resolutions were first read by ■
' 'lerfc and fh. n each one was
■ parately. The oplni
and I ttorney Lane advising the
Supervisors that it ha -
legal power to permit the Market Btreet
raj Company to use electricity on Its
s and other lines in-
In the proposed cork I was also
read In order to forestall any possibility
of the question of the power of the Super
visors to grant the franchise. The Geary
v. as iirs: taken up.
Supervisor Bytngton urged that it be
a the ground that as the com
pany's present franchise does not expire
until )■'"■"• there is no necessity for action
at this tim.-. fie thought the city would
be benefited If action wen postponed un
til the new charter becomes operative.
lie was supported by Supervisors Deasy
and Lackmann. The former expressed the
opinion that the offer of the company to
surrender Its present franchise had a
string to it. This remark brought \t
. Foulds, representing the railroad.
to his fe. t.
"Th.it is not so." said Mr. Foulds. "The
Geary-street Company has made a writ
ten offer to the board to surrender its
franchise, and the only condition attached
is that the board shall offer a new finn
for an electric road over th<» same
to be disposed of to the highest
bidder."
"I>o you mean to say that you are pre
. to forfeit your franchise and take
your chances cm securing a now ose?"
ci visor Bylngton.
■ I mean that if the board will offer a
franchise we will step down and out
if nriv other corporation should outbid.
• - the response. Foulds then went
on to e-tl it Hi" Geary-street Com
pany ' business because of Its
tiling stock and the fact
that it was paralleled by electric roads.
"We want to equip the road with all
th** appliam m <>f mortem science," he
we cannot afford to do that
with but thre« years remaining before
■ \plres."
"I have i ■ ding on Geary-street cars
fur t< n years, and I have soon no evidence
of a falling-off in traffic," said Supervisor
Byington.
"The books of tho company show such
the fact, n< verthelew," retorted the
attorney.
The question .;' compensation was
brought up, .:;,■: ;);.• three voteless Super
visors wanted i Bection Inserted providing
that ih<- ro;i<! be required to pay into the
city treasury a certain percentage of its
receipts from the date of the completion
of tiit- road, instead of being absolved
from fill such payments for a period of
five years; also that the amount to be so
paid be at least 5 pi r r,.. n t, the figure
named In the net* charter. The commit
?.■<• listened to thi arguments and then
amended the passage of the franchise
resolution.
Tin' "corkscrew" franchise was then
taken up and Edgar Painter. repr<
Ing the North Centra] Impnivcmciit Club.
■ :he - ommlttee In advocacy of
issage. He declared that hia organ
•l, represented }^i.<«n. •■■■•> at property
n the business section of the city which
lorely in need or rapid transit faciii--
He quoted figures to show that the
\alue of property on Mgntgomery. San
and other streets In that section
. reatly depreciated because of poor
- and 'I"- absence of an adequate
tern. Mr. Painter was fol
lowed by Mr. ShotwHl of th.- California
Safe Deposit Company building. Dr.
Moore of the Pacific Mutual Life bulld
- 1: :• Taylor of the Mills building. Mr.
Keys of the K'<-ys *■ Mastinn estate,
Mr.' Bradford, representing <"•■ M. Josslyn;
Mr. Chadbourne, also of th<- North Cen
tral Improvement Club, and Herman
Shainwald of Shainwald, Buokber. & Co.,
repn Bentlng a number of owners where
h'.ldlnsrs aggregate 515.000.000. There was
practically no opposition, although Su
ipervisors Bylngton and Luekmann argued
that there was no good reason why the'
i route from Taylor street to Grant ave
nue could not be via Post street instead
of via Geary street. The committee gave
the franchise, its indorsement.
The petitions .for the "odds and ends" i
1 franchises und for the substitution of elec- '
triclty as the motive power on various
h lines south of Market street wert
favorably acted upon after Colonel little
of the Butro electric road, Mrs. Dr. Mer
rltl and the attorney of the McKinstry
estate-had voiced their objections to sec
-3 and 4 of the "oddfl and ends" fran-
Colonel Little said it would l;e an
injustice to the Sutro road for the Hoard
ipervisors to grant a franchise for a
I'llne in view of the fact that the
Sutro Company was having hard work
even with practically no competition to
make both ends meet Mrs. i>r. Merritt
and Attorney McKinstry pointed out that
the unnamed street over which the Mar-
Company asked fora franchise
was not a public thoroughfare, but a pri
vate driveway, belonging to the. Sutro es
l hey c intended that the Supervi
sors had no right to grant a franchise
through then- property.
Attorney Poulda Bald the granting of
i tncnise could do no harm, as if it
I through private property ;hc Mar
-8 Company would be obliged to
the permission of the owners there
pi or purchase the property before build-
Ing the road, and the commltttee took this
■ of the matter.
: in of the Southern Pacific for
permission to lay double tracks through
the streets of the city whereon it is at
present operating a single-track steam
railroad called forth a vigorous protest
from residents and property owners of
the Mission.
Be sretary Sullivan of the Mission and
Potrero Improvement clubs and a dele
gation of members of that organization
did noi hesitate to state their minds freely
on the subj< ct.
"We ask you to postpone this hearing
for one week." said Secretary Sullivan,
"in order that we may have sufficient
time to prepare a petition protesting'
against the granting of this franchise !
' for by the Southern Pacific. We
are not fighting the Southern Pacific and!
have never done so, but we insist that
we have a right to be heard in this mat
ter."
"You can state your case now," inter
rupted Supervisor Holland. "We are
ready to hear you."
Mr. Sullivan protested that he and his
folPuv protentants were not prepared, as
they knew nothing of the franchise pe
-1 tition until Monday. He contended that I
the Southern Pacific was a nuisance to:
property owners along the line of its
r<'a<l In this city, bi;- With a double track
the nil - . I the danger to residents
would be more than doubled, with abso- i
lutely no compensating features.
"You can come before the board and
state your objections next Monday." sug
! Chairman Aigeltinger.
'•That will be too late. They should be
given a chance to be b< ard before this ;
committee n«KI week," said Bylngton.
"I wish to state," said Attorney Foulds,
"that the Southern Pacifli desires to con
struct a double track for the purp.
Improving Its sei to afford greater
tion to Its patrons and the resi
dents the M ct than can be
m with the Single track sys
tem."
"A double track m. ill not give us greater
protection," said John Center, "and
furthermore, the Southern Pacific has
promise] for years to build a road along
the bay shore and abandon its present
The bay shore route is more di
ind :i the company would keep its
promise and make use of the franchise
;r--d for that route some years ago
our property would be enhanced in value
i of being depreciated by reason of
the no!s.' and smoke and danger to life
and limb which follows from the present
outrageous condition of affairs."
Holland again suggested that there was
no good reason f r delaying action and
Aigeltinger remarked that residents of
the Mission could rest assured that the
board would consider any protest they
saw (it to file.
A. B. Magulre was not satisfied with
the evident desire of the committee to
rush the matter' through and place It in
the hands of the full board.
"If this franchise petition goes back to
the board with the recommendation of the
committee that it pass to print," he de
oiared, "we will then have no chance to
slate our objections effectively. If you
no not propose to postpone this hearing
until next week say so and we will do
the best we can now. But there are only
■ • few of us present to-day and we are
not prepared to present our case fully.
The Southern Pacific asked for a similar
franchise from your predecessors and we
fought it. The petition presented at that
time was refused. Now, if this board or
this committee propones to Ignore us and
grant this franchise notwithstanding any
protest we may make, we will have to
adopt some other mums or method to
1 revent the outrage. The Southern Pa
cific is already occupying land over
which it has no legal right of way In
this city, and it is maintaining a double
track between Sixteenth and Eighteenth
streets for which it never asked the par
mission of the city. We have kept silent
and endured present conditions a Jong
time, relying upon the promise of the
railroad to move its track to the bay
shore, which it is bound to do eventually.
They never intend to occupy the present
right of way permanently and we demand
an opportunity to be heard by you gen
tlemen at a time when we can be pre
pared to furnish proofs of our contentions
and arguments in support of our protest
We represent a large section of San
Francisco and we have a right to be
heard. We ask you to postpone. this hear
ing until next week."
"I have already told you we would hear
you next week," said the chairman. The
delegation (lied out and the committee
proceeded promptly to affix its indorse
ment to the petition recommending that
the resolution acceding to the demands of
the Southern Pacific Company be passed
to print.
M. M. Estee appeared before the com
mittee and requested that some action be
taken on the proposed purchase by the
city of a tract of land belonging to the
Carr estate on Twenty-fifth street, De
tween the San Jose road and Guerrero
street. The property in question has been
claimed by the city, but the title appeared
to rest In the Carr estate, and a proposi
tion to sell for 112.000 was accepted by the
last Board of Supervisors, but the deal
was not consummated. A building on the
property encroaches on the street, and the
committee recommended that the pur
chase be made.
R. C. de Boon appeared before the com
mittee to complain that Bosworth street
was almost impassable to vehicles be
cause the Market Street Company has
taken twenty-two feet of the thirty-foot
street for the car tracks. He asked that
the railroad company be required to re
duce the width of the sidewalks from
ten feet to eight feet. The. committee
promised to make an investigation next
Wednesday. : '- .
The opposition to th« passage of the
street railway franchises asked for by the
Market-street system received a stagger
ing blow by the decision rendered by
Judge Morrow of the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday in the case of tbe
Sanitary Reduction Works of San Fran
cisco vs. the' California Reduction Com
pany et al.. in which lie held that fran
chises granted by the Board of Supervis
ors under the act of 1897 need not be
signed by the Mayor. In view of this de
cision, the Mayor cannot interpose his
veto to prevent the granting of the fran
chises now before, the board, and the
Supervisors who are known to favor them
will be able to pass them in spite of the
exertions of the minority members.
Commander in Chief General Miles
and General Miller of the Iloilo expe
dition write about our new memorial
day in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAX FHANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 26, 1899.
ARDENCRAIG
NEARLY LOST
HER WINDLASS
Much Way On When
Anchor Dropped.
VERY CLEVER CHINESE TRICK
THBEE OF THEM NEABLY ES
CAPED BY MEANS OF IT.
Port Steward Joseph W. Boe Married.
Bark Alaska Beady to SaJl
for the Gold Fields of
Alaska.
Captnln C. B. Johnson, the new pilot >
appointed by Governor Gage a few weeks
ago, did not make a success of bringing
his flm "wind jammer" Into port. The |
Ardencraig urrlved from Newcastle, N. S. !
W. , yeßterday, and Captain Johnson was '
put aboard to pllut her in. Since his ap- |
polntmeht two or three- steamers have I
! een handled by him in i>. Workmanlike '
manner, but no one knew what he could
do in sail, and they were anxious to see.
(iff Meigss wharf the Ardencraig had
considerable headway and the floo,] ii<u»
did not mend matters. The quarantine
officer Was coming along in his steam.;
READY NOW FOR
THE WORK OF LIFE
H. S. HUFF. E. .T. MULLALY. S. P. YOUNG. . O. A. WELSH. J. P. FITZGERALD."
(San Francisco.) (Carson, Nev.) (Los Angeles.) (San Francisco.) (Sacramento.)
H. I. STARK. V. E. CAMPBELL. J. G. BRADY. W. J. WALSH.
(San Francisco.) (Alameda.) (San Francisco.) (San Francisco.)
J. T. KILLIAN. J. A. CASSIDY.
(Oakland.) (Sacramento.)
GRADUATES OF ST. MARY'S COLLEGE..
to board the Vessel, and her way had to
be stopped sonibhow. Captain Johnson
gave the order to let po the anchor, and
the order was obeyed. The chain Hew
nil through the hawse pipe to the last
link and then the ship came up with a
j round turn. The chain scraped along the
bottom, making the crew think of an
earthquake, the*hawse pipe became like
burnished ateel from the friction and the
windlass creaked and groaned, but man
ag< d i«i stand the strain.
The coal cargo of the Ardencraig Is
1 wantfd in a hurry, and a berth was
waiting for the ship. Shortly after she
was anchored the tug Reliance went out
to dock her. It took over half an hour
to get in al! the chain that was out, and
then tin' ship was docked at Union-street
wharf.
The Ardencraig is a very handsome
(ship, and Captain Trask likes to keep her
looking like a yacht. No sailors in the
world are tetter fed and cared for than
the men on this ship, but they do not
like the work of keeping a merchantman
like a yacht, and In consequence nearly
the entire crew deserted as soon as .the
vessel was tied up at the wharf. The cap
; tain and his vessel are well known in San
Francisco. This is their second visit in
lesfl than a year. The Ardeneraig came j
'■ here from Newcastle, N. S. AW, with coal,
nnd then went to Cape Town with a load
of lumber. From Cape Town she went to
Newcastle and then back to San Fran
| Cisco.
A fleet of seven sugar vessels got in
Wednesday night and yesterday morning.
They were the schooners Charles Hanson, J
21% days; Mary Dodge, 20Vi days; Jennie I
• Wand. 20 days from Haua; barks Ceylon, i
i L' 4 days: Martha Davis, 'i'l days, and Al- |
den Hesse, 2K days from Honolulu, and
the bark Amy Turner, 22 days from Hllo.
Not one of the vessels remained long in
i the stream, as sugar is in demand. Some
of them went to Port Costa, some went
1 to Oakland nnd the others went to the
| sugar retinery.
There were over a thousand people
down to see the Oriental and Occidental
: Company's steamer Gaelic away yester
day. There were 60 cabin passengers for
! Honolulu, 2.') through passengers, 25 sec
ond cabin and 186 Chinese. All. of them
had a host of friends down to bid them
i a last good-by, and in consequence It was
I almost impossible to get either up or
| down the gangplank. In the crush three
j remanded Chinese made a bold attempt
to escape. Before being put aboard a
big "II" (remanded) had been chalked on
their black blouses by the Custom-house
Inspector. This they rubbed off and then
pinned on their breasts an Inspector's
| badge. Each of the Six Companies sends
ian Inspector down to every departing
steamer, and they are supplied with a
budge which allows them to board the
vessel. It was three of these identifying
marks that the remanded Chinese secured
and boldly attempted to walk ashore un
der cover of them. "Where are you go
ing?" demanded Inspector Lynch. "In
spector" answered the leading Chinese,
Showing his badge. Tho other Mongols
did the same and passed, on. Lynch
thought hu recognized the men, and look-
Ing after them saw the half-obliterated
chalk marks on their backs. He immedi
ately gay« chase, and calling, two other
customs officers to his assistance
marched the Chinese hack aboard the
Gaelic. There the. remanded men were
rounded up and found to be three short.
The three "inspectors" tallied with the
description of the missing men and they
are now on their way to China.
The Gaelic was eight days late arriving
in port, and when she went out at 1
p. m. yesterday she had made up seven
days of the shortage. The other twenty
four hours will be made up between here
and Japan and she will leave Yokohama
on time. She took away over 600 tons oi
merchandise for Manila and had to leave
1000 tons behind, which will be sent away
on the Aztec. Among the cabin passen
gers were P. Epinger. Captain George W.
Pigman, U. S. N.; Ensign W. S. CrOsley.
U. S. N.( and Captain 11. J. McGrath,
U. S. A.
Tho bark Alaska will get away late
this afternoon or early to-morrow morn
ing for St. Lawrence Island, Golovin
Bay. Tnalaklik. Cape Nome. Capo Prince
of Wales and Kotzebue Sound and Point
Hope. She has a full cargo to be dis
tributed among those places, and the
following passengers: E. Fogel, \Y. E.
Brady, E. Munroe, J. Nuttall, Miss M.
E Hadley, H. Geeser. A. K. Kellom, J.
Cabin and three men who are being sent
north by the Alaska Exploration Com
pany. After landing his passengers and
cargo Captain Cogan will go on a short
whaling cruise and will then return to
San Francisco via Kotzebue Sound, Cape
Nome nnd St. Michael. •
Harbor Commissioners Kilburn, Har
ney and Herold and Chief Engineer
Tlolmes made a tour of the southern part
of the water front yesterday. Mr. Holmes
pointed out a number of places where
repairs were required, and the Commis
sioners will order the work done at the
regular meeting of the board to-day.
There will be no meeting next Tuesday
1 1 >e< oration Day).
Joseph w. Roe, the popular port stew
ard of the California Navigation and Im
provement Company, was married yes
terday to Miss Emma C. Obreck at St.
Paul* Episcopal Church. Captain C.
Baullt of the river steamer Modoc was
best man and Miss G. Eekert was brides
maid. The afffclr was kept very quiet,
and Mr. Roe's friends in San Francisco
and Stockton will be surprised to hear
that he is nnw a benedict. He has hern
ten years with the California Navigation
and Improvement Company and Is one of
the most popular men in the service.
Involuntary Bankruptcy
The William Cluft Company, Lievre,
Frickr & Co. and Fishbeck & Glootz pc- I
titioned the United States Circuit Couri
yesterday to declare A. M. Leach of Bis
klyou an involuntary bankrupt. They al
lege that he owes them about $1000.
CRAVED A GLASS
OF WATER AND
DID NOT GET IT
It is more than likely that the Board
of Health will examine into the manage
ment of the Receiving Hospital. A com
munication will be sent the municipal of
ficers by the secretary of the Building
Trades Council calling their attention to
the poor treatment accorded Edward YAn
kand, who was badly injured last Satur
day by falling from the new German
school on Golden Gate avenue near Jones.
It is claimed that the Injured man was
placed in a ward after his wounds were
treated and left there a whole day with
out any one coming near him. It is
further alleged that he craved a glass
of water and it was not given him and
that when friends called at the hospital
they were refused permission to see the
patient.
The matter was freely discussed at last
night's meeting of the association, and it
was unanimously agreed that the health
officials should have their attention di
rected to the .state of affairs said to exist
in the city's emergency hospital.
It was also decided to notify the Park
Commissioners that the eight-hour law
was being violated In their midst. It ap
pears that it came to the knowledge of
the Huilding Trades Council that the park
laborers were working nine hours a day r
and as this is contrary to the eight-hour
law attention was pointedly called to it.
President P. H. McCarthy of the organi
zation stated that if the Commissioners
overlooked the communication steps
would be taken immediately to enforce
the statute.
A circular drafted by the special com
mittee on "Cyclorama ' was ordered re
ferred to the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil for approval. The circular is in rela
tion to the conduct of Manager Woener
of the panorama on Market street, near
Eighth, who employed non-union carpen
ters in the construction of the big yen- j
ture.
Tho joint committee appointed by the
Building Trades Council and that of the
San Francisco Labor Council will meet
to-morrow night at 7:30 at 1159 Mission
street for the purpose of arranging for the
annual Labor day celebration.
MEDALS TO BE
AWARDED TO
THE GRADUATES
St. Mary's College
Exercises.
TIMELY THEMES CHOSEN
HEAVY WEIGHT BRADY WILL
TALK OF HEROES.
Eleven Young Men Will Receive
Their Degrees From Arch
bishop Riordan at the
Macdonough.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, !
90S Broadway. May 25.
The commencement exercises of St.
Mary's • College Will be held to-morrow
evening 1 at the Maedonough Theater.
The graduating class will be presented
with their diplomas and medals by his
Archbishop Rtordan. The pro
gramme contains many subjects of im
portance that will be discussed by the
grarinatrp. Kdwln Joseph Mullaley, from
Carson, New. will speak of the "Disarm
ament of Notions." He enjoys the honor
of winning the gold medal this year for
his proficiency in Latin and Greek.
"The Church and Science" is the sub-
Jeci on which Henry tgnatlus Stark will
Bpeak. Mr. Stark has already chosen tKe
priesthood for his profession.
Joseph George Brady is the heavy
weight of the college. He is but 19 years
old and weighs 240 pounds. His theme.
"Heroes of the Late War." will engage
his attention to-morrow night. He has
already taken steps to enter the profes
sion of medicine.
Oliver Aloyslua Welsh, a graduate of
Sacred Heart College, is well known in
the athletic w» rid. having been the crack \
sprinter of the college tor tlie i>ast two
yean. He is president of the athletic as
sociation, and will deal With "The Closing
Century." Mr. Welsh has also chosen
the priesthood for a profession, and with
Edward Bfnllaley will po to "Waphlnpton
to join the congregation of the Paulist
Fathers. Mr. \\'«lsli is the winner of the
alumni gold medal for the best English 1
essay.
Donald E. Campbell of Alameda has ;
been chosen to orate on the subject "The
American Sailor." James C. Killian. who i
has chosen th« priesthood as his vocation, I
will speak on "The Influence of Charac
ter."
Salva P. Young of Los Angeles Is one
of the best musicians that ever entered
the college, and although but IS years
old has already figured as a compoaer. He
will discourse on the tonic "The church
and Art." He has already taken steps to
adopt architecture ns his profession.
James A. F. Caasldy enjoys the distinc
tion of being the class poet for the past
year. He has spent much time on his es
say, entitled "The Passing of a Nation—
Hawaii."
William J. "Walsh of San Francisco will
treat of "Eloquence." Mr. Walsh will
take up the study of law..
John' P. Fitzgerald of Sacramento, the
well-known pitcher for the college base
ball team, has chosen "The Irish Charac
ter" for his subject "The Church as a
Clvilizer" will !>c treated by Henry S.
Huff of San Francisco. He will receive a
degree of bachelor of sciences.
The medals will .be awarded as fol
lows: Alumni medal. O. A. Welsh; sec
ond, William J. Walsh; third, H. I.
Stark.
Gold medal, ancient classics, E. J. Mul
laley; second, H. I. Stark; third, O. A.
Welsh.
Archbishop's medal for Christian doc
trine. Donald E. Campbell; second, Wil
liam J. Walsh; third, O. A. Welsh.
ROBBED IN A SALOON.
Michael Kennedy, a machinist, living
at 426 Sixth street, complained to the po
lice yesterday morning that he had been
held up and robbed by two men late the
previous night In the saloon on the- south
east corner of Howard and Fremont
streets. They, took from, him a gotd
watch and chain and $12 In coin. What
angered him was that the barkeeper s;iw
the robbery and did nothing to prevent it.
Detectives Ryan and ODea were de
tailed on the case, and aa they got from
Kennedy a description of the two men
they expect to have them locked up at
any moment. They will also investigate
thoroughly the action of the bartender.
KING KELLY AS
COACH FOR THE
BLUE AND GOLD
When Garrett Cochran comes to this
coast this fall to coach the University of
California football team he will have the
company of Ed Kelly, another Princeton
football player, whose reputation is only
second to that of the famous "Garry."
Kelly has been engaged as assistant to
Cochran and the efforts of the two will
combine to keep the cardinal of Stanford
in subjection for another year.
Kelly is a famous character in the
East. At Princeton he "was known as
"King of the Harlem Goats" for no other
reason than that Harlem . was his resi
dence before he began his collegiate ca
reer. His position on the Princeton team
was right halfback, and such was his
style of play that he was adjudged the
greatest bucking back in the country.
He. and Cochran were members of the
same fraternity arid while at college were
the closest of personal friends. •
In the fall of 1897 when Cochran cap
tained his college eleven Kelly was kept
off the team on account of the opposi
tion of the faculty. The # fact that Coch
ran arid he-were of the same fraternity
was another reason why the former
bowed to the wishes of the faculty and
gave the order which put Kelly on the
side lines, though Cochran himself was
opposed to the pedagogic demands. Dur
ing, the game the two halfbacks were
forced to retire and Kelly was called into
service. By a succession of plunges
against the Yale line he gained fifty
i yards of territory, unaided and by his
own individual efforts. Yale won the
game by a single, touchdown, and Coch
j ran has ever since been of the opinion
■ that the loss of. the game was due to
1 the fact th.it he did not follow his own
better judgment and play Kelly from the
i start.
The now assistant coach for the blue
and gold is a wonderful athlete, inasmuch
as he is a cripple. In his early youth he
met with an accident which necessitated
ta amputation of' seyeral toes. Kelly's
st college experience, began at Yale,
t owing to the refusal of . Murphy,
le's great trainer at that time, to allow
>lly to play on the Yale team, the lat
ter left New Haven for Princeton, deter
mined to feed his revenge on the college
which would not give him a chance. In
the fall of 1896 he played halfback on the
Princeton team, which defeated Yale at
New Haven by a score of 20— 6. Kelly's
' work in this game was something of the
marvelous order. .
In stature Kelly is of medium height
and stocky build. As a plunging back ho
had no equal in any of th- big elevens
of the country. Like Cochran. he is an
affable, sociable young man. with more or ■
less of an identity of tastes. With Coch- j
ran and Kelly as coaches of the blue and
gold eleven and Chamberlain of Yale for
Stanford the fall football season prom
ises to be the warmest this coast has ever
seen.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. .
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
I WEEK DATS— 7:3O, »:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip :
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 3:80.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ' '-■'■*. • .'
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;. 12:45,
3:40, 6:16 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40, 6:05.
6:25 p. m. . .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . .
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. April 16, 1 .
Week Sun- 1599. • Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 pta
Heald&burg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and ! 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
______ .— .^— — — — — I 4 , i
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:85 pm
8:30 pm ■ . 6:20 pro
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am j
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm |
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:2:. am
8:80 pm 5:00 ppi I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm !
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West '
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton j
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagss ;
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- |
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake- !
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
i Bucknell's. Sanhedrln 'Heights, Hullvllls,
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
I Navarro. Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brag;,
Westport. Usal, Wlllitts. Laytnnvllle. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
! Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
! beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
: H C. WHITING. • R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
■Santa Fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. i: : ;;
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving 1 In New
. York at l:3O P. M.Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRAICiSCO TICKTIRfiCE— 171 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15U. i
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. .
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Streak.
San Jose Oißoe— 7 West Santa, Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUm
' VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
Prom Jan. 2S, 1599. trains will run aa follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
Paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday . ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd ' Exc'ptd Daily.
I 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm (:00 pm |
i 1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 ami 6:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
; 11:59 am t:2» pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:16 pm 8:53 pm Tulara 6:10 am 1:06 pra
Stopping at intermediate point* a« required.
For particulars of itaee and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager** Office. m Mark*!
' Street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Ran Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1839.
■ WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. 5
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday anil Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning: Same Even-
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
• ■ . and 4 p. m. ■
On May 30 Trains Run on Sunday Time. ,
: Fare, S F. to .Summit and Return,. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st.
■■■■■.■■■..
AUCTION SALES.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
General Auctioneers,' 638 Market Street. :.i
THIS day. ty-Mr;
FRIDAY, May 26. at 10:30 A. M., on the premises,
803 VAN NESS AYE., NEAR EDDY ST..
We Will Sell •
THE ELEGANT UPRIGHT PIANO. PARLOR,
CHAMBER AND DINING ROOM FURNI-
TURE COSTLY ORNAMENTS, MOQUET
AND VELVET CARPETS. ART SQUARES,
RUGS, etc., contained In 73 elegantly fur-
nished rooms in use only 4 months.
Note For particulars s«e Chronicle.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
CANCER
r^^S^Mwy M*r JNo KNIFE or PAIN
X V a ?Btf% Ar No Pa y until CUBES
#y iaH Any lump in a
[^ |tgjj j|gP^ woman's breast Is
«a^^^^|M cancer. FaceandHp
i also common places
120 pp. BOOfSEHT FREE.
VWL^' 'thousands I hare Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.P.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
s^L^Wvl, WHEN YOU
Require an El2(£
(EZ^. *l_*rfJ3 TR|C BELT ? et " Dr <
' T^^^^^^PT Pierces" and you will
N ROt te disappointed.
*%*C^ Call or address PIEBCE
'* ELECTRIC CO.. 620
K*rk«*st. (opp. ftltes Hate), S. F.
j m -
y^*~V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL*9fee§ 025 KEAKKT ST. Kstabllsbed
PrnS^Kili I" 1H54 ioT thp treatment cf Private
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEABNY NT. Kstabllsbed
In IS»4 for the treatment of Private
Disensos. Lost Manbrtod tteblllty or
jOT^wtSB disease wearing on body and mind anil
JS^E^Sjiewj Skin Diseases. Thedoctorc.ureswheit
i*^*3i£sHS9 others fail. Try Ins. Churls low.
{j££<£2£iSi!£i Cure* p;narnn<»rd. CallorwrltM.
3>r. Jl. t f - SKBOK Box r.>.l7,Sur. Francisco.
| !
I SAILBOAD TBAVZC li'l^
MJHTTJESr.K.T I-ACIFIC t'OJIPAST.
(PACir)O BIBTEM.)
Train* l«nr« and lire «ln«> to nrrlv* »0
SAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foo- of Market Street)
leave — From Hay 7, 1399. — abmv*
7:00.v Rci-.fcia. . c !t:is;m and SocraTnento. . . . 5:43p
7t00,v MjryETillo, Oro»i:!ofttid l;etliliugTia
Woodl»cil , •**»»
7:00 a Elisia, VA»\ii!onn<l Ku:.sscy »:•*■»?
7::tO A Martine.-;, San Ratnon,V«ll*Jo, >'.tp».
Calntosa and Kanta Rosa 6:lSp
SxOOa Atlautle Kxprerjs. (lg<lun and Kait.. S:lsf
. liIID* San .l.*o, J.ivtrnioro, HWnkkm,
10.-.i- Hacraiucftto, riacer»ilie,
Mrrysvlli.', CUb", Ue<l ll'niV -lil-ir
B:3OA*Milton,Oakd4!ean'l w>aora 4:15p
O:OOa Haymidß. Nilrs W..y stations. I1:»OA
9:OVA Mariiiicz. Tr ey, lAthrcp, .S'.ocltton, ■
Moroni tcil Fnwo ; . . 12:1
»:OOa Fresno, l.'akprsiiei'J, HmiU ISuimM;
Los Argr!o», Dewing, 19 Vino.
N< w Orloara and Rant «:45p
IO:AOa Vollcjo. Hsrtt&ez&n(l Way Stations 7543p
ll:«O.\ IlßyirarOß, Wdea and Wry Btat'ons. 2:13»
ia:Of»M KUrs, 1 licrr.i.;re, HtOCktoa, bacra-
racnto, Mendsta, ILiufonL Vlaalla,
P;rtrrrlllo 4:13»
•lrtl*»r Sacramento I'lvex Stcninera •SsOOp
S:Oiti> Iliywira», Niks oiiil Way SlaMnm, a:45»
• MUM- Mia-,.i.,cr, Sun 'lUnmn, Vallcjo, •
Nam, »'a!i«t»i.'ri. UautaltoM OUO*
4:««i- Ilcuic'ii, V.ica* i. 'p, fj»craiiiento,
Woo.lland. Kiiishts Landing.
HiirjßTtna, Onirilln... 10:49*
4:3OpNilcii, Stockton ~:I5p
4:30r Yo?em:t3 Sleeping Car for Raymond I2slap
Btocktoa, Mfrceil. Freino 12:15p
ZzOitp Mar .Inez, Traoy. Mtpsdota, Fresno,
Mojivo fviul Ikir Aii-rl,» 8:43*
»:O»p fisuu To Jtonlo. Atlanllo Impress
for Mnjato ami Kast «:45»
•:OOr Tic Owl. Fresno. Bakcrsfield, San-
. " ta Barbara, Us Aunties *:45a.
OiOOr Rmopoaii Mall, Ogden ami Ka«t..._ 9: 15a
C:OOp HavTarcls. and Sin Joss 7:13 a
•0:OOi> Vullejo : 1 *il
• Ongou I- s»rniii!eiitu, Maryi-
vlllo. lU<Mi X, I. itiiin.l, l'nget
! • iiutdl I Bast : 7:411 A
. t»:OOp Val!':;o, Port Conto and Wnjr SU. - s
ti-)is tlO:!>O>
COAST IMTI^ION (S.irroir flasge). '■'.
| (foot of Market Street.) J \
J7i4sa Santa Cruz Excursion tor Santa
Cruz aDd Principal Way Stations t8:CO»
B:lsA?f'<Trar)c.CV!it<rTl!l(;,Han.li'9e,Frlton,
I '.-.' BouMerCrrek.SantaOruzandWay
BUtious 3rf>o»
•S:lsp Nowarlc, Oontcrvillc, Ban Jose, New
- Alniadt-n, Felfcn, Ucuider Creek,
. ' Santa Cruz and l'riocipal Way
• Station ... *»0:0«4
4:15r Bku Jose, Glcnwood and Way Sta-
tims 9:20*
t4il3pli"eHoD, Bacta (n:z and Way 6ta-
fiiiiig /9:2«>4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
: ;roaS4K fIURCISCO— fcot c' Butet Street (Slip —
•7:15 f.CO l!K)O.\.lf. 11:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 tB:CO *t.-OSrji.
; rromOiZUßD— ?o«l «r Bro»dwar.— 8.-00 10:00*.«.
112:00 »l:00 13:00 *3:00 H<CO '5:03 P.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad flau&«v-
--.'..■ (Third and Townsencl St.-".)
•OjlOa View, Sooth San Francisco.. # 0:3©»
•7i«Oa Ran Jose nml \Y: ; Stnli>.ii 3 (New
Alm&dcn Wednesdays 0n1y). ...... l:3O»
J7:30.v Sunday Excursion for Kan Jose.
Santi Vror., P.ici/la Crofo and
Principal Way Stations JS:S3r
»'»♦> Han Jobo, Tien Piuos, HnnU (.'rur,
I'aciiio Qrofe, I'aao Hobles, H*i\
Luis Oliiftim. I iiiadulupo, Hurt and
Principal Way Station 4:10p
I«:IOa Sau ami Way KUttooa "S:OOa
I I1:3Oa Sau Jone Rud Wny .Stations ti-.ilOw
•a:43r San Mat™, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Hu:i .lose, -
Gilroy, Holiiater, .Santa Cm*,
Saliniu, Monterey anil Pacific "
Grore *IO:S(l4
. •8:R«p San Jose and Way Stations ;.... •9:<lO*
*'l:lSi>BanJo!ioniiil Principal Way Station* «:43a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:3.la
5:30 1- San.TogeniKl Principal Way Stations *B::t5A
San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
I f11:45p Sail Jose ami Way Statimis ' 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. i Sunday only. ♦ Satnr.layonly.
and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
| A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
IBjNiiioii Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
-. ■
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
■ FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY SH DATS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves Ban Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
' D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent. V
. X*. 1 Montgomery street, San Franclsca
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via SaoaaUt* Parry.
Commencing April 23, 1839.
I FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
*1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 6:15. •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley . and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, ■ Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •9:00. '10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. : 1:00, *1:46, '2:30, »4:00, 5:30, 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rat" I Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not Tun to Mil. Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.'
1 FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
• WEEK DAYS— »6:40, 7:55, 8:40, *10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15, '3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday?. Wednesdays
; and Saturdays., at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, »9:45. *10:45, *11:43
■a. m., 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, »5:15, •6:00, 7:00, 10:13
p. m. •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43, 6:&0. 7:55. 8;55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45, 4.55, 6:20 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 10:00. 11:10 a. m. 12:06,
1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reves and way stations. .•■ .-.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadt>ro and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
910
A CONSULTING
ENGINEER WILL
BE EMPLOYED
Agreement to Engage
Rudolph Hering.
PLANS FOR A SEWER SYSTEM
THE CITY TO HAVE THE AID OF
EASTERN TALENT.
The Local Commission Will Have the
Assistance of an Authority on
Scientific and Sanitary
Drainage.
At a nippti:ip held yesterday afternoon
■the Btreel Committee of the Board of
■Supervisors agreed to recommend the em
]>inymont by the city of Rudolph Hiring,
the celebrated Eastern civil engineer, as
tlting engineer In the preparation of
plans for the proposed sewer system of
Francisco. For his services Mr. Her
to be paid the sum of $4000.
Earlier in the day Mr. Hering met with
Mayor Phelan, Supervisors Aigeltinger
and Holland, Marsden Manson, C. E.
Grunsky and City and County Surveyor
Tilton in the Mayor's office and entered
into an agreement whereby he binds himself
to examine the ground and the plans for
the proposed sewer system and to finally
approve such plans before they are sub
mitted to the Board of Supervisors next
October. -His services are to begin July 1
und end October 15. •
Yesterday morning Mr. Hering inspected
a portion of the city and the outfalls of
the principal existing sewers, in company
with Messrs. Grunsky and Manson.
Mr. Hering is a member of the Ameri
can Society of Civil Engineers and has
} pen for a number of years engaged al
most exclusively in sewer and water work
engineering. He was chairman of the j
commissions of consulting engineers at
"Washington and Baltimore. He was
chairman on the commission for the
drainage canal at Chicago and consulting
engineer at Boston, Providence and New
York. He is now consulting engineer for
the sewer systems at New Orleans and
Honolulu, which works are now in prog
ress of construction. He was consulting
engineer at Santos, Brazil, which was a
very large area to sewer and very diffi
cult problems were encountered. Includ
ing the cities and towns of Canada and
the United States, Mr. Hering was de
signed or has been concerned in the plans
of more than 120 municipalities, This
■wide experience will make his services of
peculiar value to the board of engineers
having charge of .the work in San Fran
cisco. _^_
CAPT. WAEREN'S STATEMENT.
First California Boys Strike Their
Officer Through the Papers.
There is another dish (if libel being
1 up by an evening paper which has
ts object the besmirching of Captain
Frank Warren of. the First California
Volunteers. He Is accused of ill treating
hi? men, and to back up the statement
is a letter purporting to have been
signed by a number of the members of
impany which deals in hundfuls of
mud and reckless generalities.
"Theiv seems to be snmc one who has
a pru'iet- against me," said Captain War
ren in commenting on the letter, "but
why these charges were not made
t me when I was out in Manila I
can't understand. They could there have
been made I to my superior nl
they would have been set ripht.
They certainly should not have been
to any newspaper before complaint
had b« n • the proper authorities.
"My company was a well drilled, well
disciplined body of men all the timo I
v;is in Manila. When Captain Birken
heimer, of the regular army, inspector
ral of the division, inspected the
regiment he mentioned four companies
Ing worthy of stx-vial mention for
their discipline and efficiency. Mine was
companies. Discipline is
something that is due almost entirely to
officers-, and my command would
n any distinction in that
line hed I treated the mc-n as this letter
and others say I did. Had they com
plained about m<' they could have had
at least warned by my
superiors if anything of the kind could
truthfully be brought against me. and I
see no reason why they have neglected
k.- the steps provided by the service
Hi to assail me in the
newspapers. It looks as if their com
plaint was one they feared coiild not
stand an Investigation.
"As to this letter, I don't know exactly
•what to make of it. Among those names
there are Beveral which belong to men
who were on the best of urms with me
when I left last December. They cer
tainly have suffered no Injustice from
[nee then, for I have not been near
tlvm. I can't see what hns changed their
opinion. There were several men who
had to be disciplined and I suppose they
are at .the bottom of the trouble. That
■they had to be punished was no fault of
mine, and it is perhaps because they
w< re made examples of that the com
pany attained a position where it Could
be properly commended by the inspector
ral. My company was one of the
if the regiment; it is foolish to sup
lt could nave been bo unless I had
the respect of the mi-n or if I had. treated
them in any way other than the way an
- phouM treat the rank and file un
der him."
Y. M. C. U. PICNIC.
The Outing Will Be Held at Sunset
Park.
An enjojrahle ti.ne is promised those
who attend'the annual reunion and picnic
of the Young Men's Catholic Union at
Sunset Park, in the Sr\nta Cruz Moun
tains, on Tuesday. May 30. The members
have been accustomed to meet once a year
ever since 1883. and their picnics have been
uniformly successful. The last year has
a remarkable growth in the member
ship of the union, and as a result there
will be a larger attendance this year than
ever before. Already 2500 tickets have
been distributed, and the committee of
arrangements has been preparing for sev
eral weeks for the event.
P. Tamony will b<? floor manager and
J. Brennan his assistant, under whom
dancing will be a feature, A floor com
mittee, consisting of T. McGulre, Harry
Hay, Morris Coturri, Joseph P. Murphy,
P. J. Carroll ami M. J. Session, has been
appointed. Good music has been secured
by Committeemen J. C. Murphy, J. J.
Powers and P. Brazel. The games will
be In charge of D. I. Breen, J. J. Mcln
erney and P. Connors.
The following reception committee will
Bee thai all guests thoroughly enjoy
themselves: P. E. McCarthy. James Eng
lish. J. T. Burns, B. Shea, W. C. Billing
ton and J. H. Quinn. A large number of
prizes j^ill be divided up among so many
different events that every person who
attends will have a chance to win at
least one Ot them. The union's picnics
have always been remarkable for good
order. They arc. in fart, family picnics,
where basket parties arc the rule. The
excursionists will go on the narrow-gauge
linp. leaving by boat from the foot of
Market street at 9:15 a. m. sharp.
To Sell a Railway at Auction.
OAKLAND, May 25.— The Highland
Park and Fruitvole Railway, over which
there has been so much litigation, will be
sold at public sale to the highest bidder
on next Monday morning by the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company. The
■ale will be held on the Courthouse steps.
and the Trust Company acts in the capa
city of trustee of the trusts created by
the mortgage of 1886. Franchises, car
houses, rolling stock, roadbed and all 1b
to be sold, and it is probable that the
Realty Syndicate will make an effort to
secure the line.
A WEDDING IN
ALAMEDA SOCIETY
ALAMEDA, JVlay 25.— A weddiner'of more than usual Interest to the
young society people of this city occurred this afternoon when nuptial
vows were exchanged between Miss Crystal Plummer and Herman
Wilkie. The ceremony was performed at the home of the bride's par
ents, 2137 Cinton avenue. Rev. John Kirby, presiding elder of the Oakland
district of the M. E. church, officiated.
The interior of the Plummer residence was beautifully decorated for the
occasion, the decorations bi ing the handiwork of the bride's young lady
friends. The ceremony was performed in the large bay-window of the par
lor.
The bridal party appeared promptly -it .". o'clock, marching into the par
lors to the strains of the "Bridal Procession" fcom "Lohengrin," played on
the piano by Miss Lena Miller. The bride, leaning on the arm of her faiher,
preceded the party. She was attired ii a gown of white organdie, over
white satin, and carried a bouquet <>f sweet peas. The bridesmaid, Miss Ril
lie Sedgley, wore a dress of white organdie over cerise silk. Benjamin El
liott was best man. Following the cerexnonj a luncheon was served. Only the
relatives and most intimate friends of the contracting parties attended.
The bride is the daughter of John A. Plummer of Plummer Bros., San
Francisco. She has occupied a prominent place ii Alameda society, and was
one of the most popular members of the younger set. The groom has not
lived in Alameda very long, but during his residence here his genial man
ners and pleasing address have won him a host of friends. His' business in
terests were formerly at Truckte, but be is new connected with the nr,in«of
Plummer Bros.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilkie left this evening for Lake Tahoe, where they will
spend their honeymoon. Upon their return they will take up their residence
in Alameda.
HOW LETTERS GO OVER
THE SNOWS OF ALASKA
INFORMATION GENERALLY DE- |
SIRED BY THE PUBLIC.
A Statement of the Different Ways
by Which Mail May Be Sent En
Route to the North Pole.
The railway mail service has been ■
flooded with inquiries from all parts of
the United States, asking for informa
tion regarding the mall facilities in i
Alaska, and In order to answer the ques- ;
tions in a way that will reach all in
quirers has published a slip containing I
the information. sought. It will prove of
Interest to all persons having friends or
Interests in that almost inaccessible coun- j
try. The following is a copy of the slip:
Mails originating in the United States for !
Alaska and the British Yukon district are
principally dispatched from Seattle. Wash.
From Seattle there are three regular steamship
lines by which Alaska mulls are forwarded, ,
viz.: The Seattle and Skaguay R. P. 0., ,
whose boats leave Seattle every fifth day (see
schedule) and two lines known as the Seattle
and Pyea R. P. 0., each having two depart
ures each month from Seattle (dates Irregular).
These lines supply all southeastern coast arid
island points, including WrangeL Sitka, Jun
eau. Dyea and Skaguay. *
The Rltka and Unalaska (steamboat) R. P. :
0., connecting the Seattle and Skaguay R. P. j
O. at ! Sitka, leaves Sitka about the sth of
each month, supplying Ores (Copper River),*
Yakutat, Valdez, Seldovia, Homer (Cooks In
let), Tyoonnk, Kodiak and points on the south
ern coast of the Alaskan peninsula. This ser
vice is supplemented by a line between Juneau j
and Tyoonok- (Cook's Inlet) leaving Juneau !
about the 14th and 29th of each month. These j
two lines together give trl-monthly mall ser
vice to points on Copper River and Cooks In
let, Including Homer, Kodiak, Orca, Seldovia
and Valdez.
From Unalaska to Nushacak and other points
on Bristol Bay mails will be carried in charge
of a railway postal clerk, three round trips
during 1899, leaving Unalaska about the ISth
of June, July and August, in close connection
with boats of the Sitka and Unalaska R. P. O.
Steamers will depart from San 'Francisco
about June 1 and 20 and July 5, 1839, and from
Seattle June 10, July 20 and August 20, 189S
(six trips in all) carrying mail to Unalaska, ;
St Michaels and all points on the Yukon River j
to Circle. Alaska, and Dawson, N. W. T.,
and returning by same route. Each of these
steamers will carry a railway postal c.lerk, :
who will make delivery of mails for all points \
In the interior of Alaska and Northwest Terri- j
tory including points which are not postofflces
but where mail can be left in charge of re- j
sponsible parties, such as the agents of trans
portation and trading companies, and also de
liver mall to individuals when they are known
to be the addressees. On these trips all classes
of mail matter will be carried. Additional
trips will be made from Seattle to St. Michael
one way only, leaving Seattle about Septem- |
ber 20 1539; and from Dawaon to Seattle, one
way only, arriving at Seattle about October i
20 1899.
Between St. Michael and Tanana (900 miles) \
malls are carried one round trip a month the
year round.
The overland dispatch of mall for all "i ukon .
River points, both In Alaska and the British
Yukon district. Is made from Skaguay, Alaska.
Malls are dispatched from Skaguay under
United States mail contract twice a month,
-.he route following over White Pass via l^ake j
Bennett, Taglsh I>ake, White Horse Rapids,
Dawson City, Forty Mile and Circle to Tanana,
a distance of about 1500 miles. The distance
from Skaguay to Dawson Is about 670 miles,
and to Circle 790- miles. Mails are also car
ried twice a month by Canadian mail con
tractor from Skaguay to Dawson City, alter
nating between the trips of the United States
mail contractor. Letter mail only is carried
by the overland route. , The time in transit j
Is very indefinite, and varies greatly In differ- j
ent seasons of the year. During the summer
months, when navigation on the Jakes and
rivers Is uninterrupted, the mails are for
warded in much shorter time than during the
■winter season.
■ ♦ ■
ARE THE TEACHERS' FRIENDS.
Point Lobos Improvement Club Goes
on Record for Square Dealings.
At a meeting of the Point Lobos Im
provement Club, in addition to other mat
ters considered by that organization of
public importance' the following resolu
tion was unanimously adopted: -..'■'•'..-'.
Whereas, .the teachers of the School Depart
ment have been deprived of their November and
December salaries through a deficiency in the
funds set apart to meet said demands, and as
it has been clearly shown that said deficiency
was made possible by the bad management of
the late Board of Education, said board being
duly elected by the people of San Francisco,
and by virtue of their election authorized to
act as servants of the people In conducting the
business of the School -. Department ; and
whereas, • the teachers were employes of ' the
city through the said Board <»f Education, and.
as employes, they recognized the authority of
■aid board and obeyed every order and per
formed all work assigned to them by " said
board In a proper manner; therefore it is but
Just and proper that they should be compen
sated for their labors, and that the taxpayers
are directly responsible for the debt. There
fore be It .
Resolved, That we, the Point Lobos Improve
ment Club, do hereby petition the Board, of
Supervisors to appropriate a sufficient sum to
pay the teachers' salaries for the month? !of
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 26, 1899.
November and Der»mber of I^9S, and to place
the amount of said appropriation in the next
tax levy.
A? regarding the school, facilities for the
Richmond District the club, through its
lent, George R. Fletcher, and Secre
tary \y. p. Johnson, had the following
resolution put through the club, which
.meets with the approbation of the resi
- as announced by a canvass of the
families through the "mothers' commlt
t i •," an organization put into force In
the district for the betterment of the
school question:
Whereas, the tax levy for the ensuing fiscal
year is about to be made by the honorable the
: 'f Supervisors, and a committee consist -
Ing of his Honor, the Mayor, members of the
I Of Education, Superintendent of Schools,
city officials and representative merchants
having made a tour of inspection of the public
c hool Lull. ling-s of the city for the purpose of
• unlng the needs of the department, and
whereas, the need of a new schoolhouse in the
Richmond District is an absolute necessity and
reci unized by the above committee to he the
ay to relieve the crowded condition of the
:- in this district, and the same having
the recommendation and indorsement of Super
intendent Webster, and whereas, we do not
want any addition to the Richmond School at
the present time, but do want this school raised
and the lot filled In to the grade; therefore be
Resolved, That the honorable the Hoard of
Supervisors provide and set aside in the tax
levy for the ensuing fiscal year the sum of
forty thousand l"llan? ($40,000) or sUch sum as
may be necessary for the purpose of building
a n.-w BChoolbouse in the Richmond District to
be used as a grammar school, and that the
sum.' be located on the school lot facing- on
Sixth and Seventh avenues, between Clement
California streets. By having this new
BChool Bltuated on this lot it will give better
facilities for those children living east
j of First avenue.
The "proposed resignation of President
Fletcher received its quietus by the adop
tion (jf the accompanying resolution:
Whereas, in view of the expressed Intention
of George H. Fletcher resigning from the presl
: thij dub, therefore be it
Resolved', That we, the executive committee
■ of the Polni Lobos Improvement Club do ask
j and insist that he defer the carrying out of this
: Intention, being satisfied that his services as
■it of the dub. at this time, are in
dispensable and his resigning would work a
hardship, which would be a detriment to the
future welfare of the club.
Medical College Banquet.
The alumni banquet of the- California
Medical College was given at the Nevada
restaurant at 128 Geary street Wednesday
night. The menu was loaded with the
best the season affords and the affair was
an immense success. Dr. C. M. Troppman
acted as toast mast or, and his clever re
marks preceding each toast kept the com
pany In good humor. Speeches were made
by the following doctors: H. W. Hun
saker. A. S. Tuchler. J. W. Hamilton, E.
Cornwall. Hugh Lundie, M. H. Logan Dr
Church, S. A. McDonnell, George G. Gere
and J. C. Balnbridge.
The following were seated at the board-
Dr. and Mrs. A. S. Tuchler, Dr. and Mrs
Thomas Cheney, Dr. and Mrs. J. W Ham
ilton. Dr. Luella Stone, Dr. C. N Miller
Dr. F. Cornwall, Dr. J. C. Stout of Ukiah'
Dr. Tt. Francis Scott. Dr. and Mrs. C m'
Troppman, Dr. Hugh Lundie, Dr. M 11
Logan, Dr. and Mrs. Church, Dr. E H
Coyer, Dr. S. A. McDonnell, Dr E b'
Hudson. Dr. E. H. Mercer, Dr. B. Stet
son. Dr. S. J. Platt, Dr. George G. Gere,
Dr. H. Vandre, Dr. and Mrs. J. C. Bain
bridge. Dr. W. W. Foster. Dr. and Mrs.
Clifford, Dr. and Mrs. H. W. Hunsakor.
At a meeting which just preceded the
banquet the following were elected officers
of the college for the ensuing year: Presi
dent. Dr. M. H. Logan; first vice presi
dent. Dr. L. Stone; second vlco president.
Dr. A. S. Tuchler; third vice president.
Dr. E. H. Qoyer; secretary and treasurer.
Dr. Charles M. Troppman; trustees — Dr
W. P. Scott, Dr. G. Henricksen, Dr. and
Mrs. Cheney, Dr. H. Vandre, Dr. and Mrs
D. Hamilton.
Bakers' Verein Picnic.
The annual picnic of the . San Fran
cisco Bakers' Verein was given yester
day at Sehuetzen Park, about 600 people
being present. Fred Schumann had made,
many preparations for the entertainment
of the picnickers and all had an enjoyable
time.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of August Wucherer (chair
miitn. Gustave Plnder, P. Hagemann and
Gustave Guenpher. William Wucherer,
the secretary of the organization, offl
ci.it. <1 us floor manager at the dance in
the pavilion.
The San Francisco Bakers' Verein is an
organization numbering 124 members in
good standing. The president is Henry
Zaun.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted in the
Superior Court yesterday to Alva Knox
from Charles Knox, on the ground of de
sertion; Susie O'Dell from M. M. O'Dell,
on the ground of cruelty, and James E
Daly from Matilda Daly, on the ground of
desertion. Suits for divorce on the ground
of desertion have been filed by Christina
Jacoby against Herman Jacoby and Lyda
A. Hamilton against William A. Hamil-
MAYOR SNOW
MUST ANSWER
FOR NEGLECT
The Council's Orders
Were Disregarded.
OAKLAND WAS DAMAGED
PRESIDENT ROWE TALKS OF
MALFEASANCE.
City Attorney Dow and Engineer Cle
ment Said to Be Equally
Guilty With His
Honor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 25.
Mayor Snow and lis two- associates on
the Board of Works have neglected to
obey an order of the Council and much
indignation has resulted. On May 16,
which was Beveral days before the open
ing of the Christian Endeavor convention.
Councilman Stetson secured the passage
cf a resolution authorizing the Board of
Works, which is the servant of the City
Council, "to repair and paint the Crty
Hall steps at a cost not to exceed $50."
Mr. Stetson made a very lengthy speech
in support of his resolution. He called at
tention to the horrible condition of the
cnly entrance to the City Hall and to the
fact that thousands of Endeavorers were
about to visit this city and that it would
be disgraceful for them to gaze upon the
municipal barn. Having enlarged upon
the fearful condition of affairs regarding
the front steps of the City Hall Mr. Stet
son secured the passage of his resolution.
Mr. Girard and Mr. Cuvellier went into
hysterics over the necessity of at once
beautifying the city and of impressing the
visiting hosts with the magnificent ap
pearance of the City Hall that would re
sult if only the steps were painted.
The resolution next morning was duly
sent to the Board of Works by City Clerk
Tompkins. So far no attention has been
paid to it.
The city has been disgraced. . Thousands
of Endeavorers have gone forth talking of
nothing but the disgraceful condition of
those City Hall steps. The steps are not
even yet painted and President Rowe of
the Council declares that the Mayor, City
Engineer and the City Attorney should be
dt.-emeil guilty of malfeasance in office and
be made to pay the deficit in the salary
fund as the amount of damage the city
has sustained by reason of the Uad im
pression created by the unpainted steps.
Mayor Snow says that to Indict him for
malfeasance is rather premature. The
resolution is ambiguous and left the Board
of Works in a quandary. It does not of
ficially specify that any particular color
shall be used." Mr. Clement wanted them
gr<-*>n; City Attorney Dow preferred blue;
while the Mayor believed that deep black
would be more appropriate, and as no two
votes could be obtained, for any one color
the resolution is to pc sent back to the
Council for further details.
It is probable that the steps may be
painted before the winter rains set in.
McCLEAVE-DOBBINS.
Wedding of a Berkeley Belle to an
Army Surgeon.
BERKELEY, May 25.— The First Pres
byterian Church orj 'Ellsworth street was
crowded with people to-night to witness
the marriage of Miss Kittle Dobbins to
Dr. Thomas C. McCleave. Miss Dobbins
is the second daughter of Rev. H. H.
Dobbins of Berkeley. Dr. McCleave is
assistant surgeon in the Pnited States
army, being stationed for the present at
the Presidio. He is the son of Captain
William H. McCleave, also of Berkeley.
Rev. H. H. Dobbins, father of the bride,
performed the ceremony. The maid of
honor was Miss Rosemary Dobbins and
the groomsman Dr. Charles Miller of Ne
vada. Miss Mary McCleave, Miss Grace
Dobbins, Miss Louise Tuttle and Miss
Nellie Dobbins acted as bridesmaids, and
Walter Hoag. Ray Eastman, Clyde Olney
and Harry Burke as ushers. A reception
at the bride's home, 222S Chapel street,
followed the- ceremony.
Dr. and Mrs. McCleave will reside in
San Francisco after their honeymoon.
,an Francisco's First Chief.
OAKLAND, May 25.— Malachi Fallen,
San Francisco's tlrst Chief <>f Police, an
ex-Supervisor of Alameda County, died
yesterday at the home of his cousin, Mrs.
John Scott, 922 Kirkham street. He was
a native of Ireland aged 85 years. He
was a Democrat and always showed a
great deal of interest in politics. As the
iirst Chief of Police in San Francisco the
criminal element in the early days feared
him, and as Alameda's Supervisor in 18S1
and three years following he served with
honor. Mr. Fallon was never married.
The funeral services will be held to-mor
row from St. Patrick's church.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W C Waters, Cal W M fork. Stockton
<; Mlpliavarra, Napa T< Tf Hallett A- w. }t,,st
O II Jaokson. Cal Mrs G W Reed. Can
F H Oreen S Rafael Mrs C A Brooks, Can
C M Flckert, Cal Miss E F Ames, Can
Mr<= H J Knowles. Cal Miss M C Ames, Can
D H Clark. St Paul : A B Bevans, N V
W II Hyman. Kolsom R A Blair. Cal
C J Sweet. USA J T Harper, Angelß
.1 (1 ("urtiH & w. Pa jV P Black & w, Cal
E E Haskfll. USA AS Neal, Fair Oaks
W H Waldron. I' S A J C Tlee, Fair Oaks
M Enrlgh & w, Cal H W Van Norrten. <"al
J H Rue & w. 11l O H Van Nerden. Cal
H C Allen. Stanford H Stillman, Sactn
W H Atkinson, Napa J J Welshman, Cal
R J Kenefick, Cal C Bonner, Fresno
Mrs W C Potts Jameß- G T Colton & son, Los
town I Ariß
Miss Potts, James- E M Colton, Cal
town S H May. N T
J W Davis, Tulare J H Roth. Peorla
Miss V A Swetnam, c S Bowman &w, Los
Cal Ang
J L Stone, Pa W H Bell & w. Austin
W M Park, Ohio B F Meyer, El Paso
C B Bates, S Barbara J Jacobson & w, Cal
P C Tonner, Pomona L, J Evans & w, Cal
G F Evans, Greenville J D Yokes, Toronto
G O Brown, Fortuna W P Hammon, Cal
L W Franquln, Cal C L Orjman &w. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J E Groette, Astoria iMrw Jr'errlne; Stanford
W E Weaverson, Or Mrs H S Plckands. 11l
Mrs \V E Weaverson, A B Wood, Detroit
Portland Mxs J Sparks, Reno
C S v Jacobson, Portland G E Buffum. Mo
H L Hlggtns. II S N Ie B Kaufman. Menlo
J J Estey. Vermont • ,R R Duval. N T
Mrs J J Estey. Vt Mrs R R Duval. N V
E A Archibald. Mass H R Puval. N V
Mrs Archibald. Mass |R G Duval. N V
W O Martin. N V Miss M Duval. N V
J S Martin Jr. N V [Mrs. H Jarleki. Pa
Mrs T W Buzzo. Mont Miss Jariokl. Pa
A Me Wayne, Honolulu Mrs W N Mann. -Pa
A Cohen. NY G B Mnffat. N V
J C Dickinson. ,Mlch H T White. N V
E Weil. N V iH S Snow. N V
O A B Grosser. Berlin F J Cox. Stanford
Mrs Grosser. Berlin W C Day. Stanford
J A Lothian, L Ang E S Murray, Pa
P H Alleman. Pa J F Davis. Jackson
Mrs Alleman. Pa F S Stimson. Seattle
O M Curtis. lowa jMrs Stimson. Seattle
G M Payne, Wls E T Stimson, L Ang
H Btrdsall. lowa IMrs Stimson, L Ang
J W Elmer, Or IW Shearar. Detroit
Miss G Allen. Mills C Mrs W Shearer. Mich
E N Camp, Chgo P Hempstead. Texas
R E Smith. Chgo G H Clark. Nebr
W M Graham. Honolu A Llndley, L Ang
Mrs Graham. Honolulu Mrs A Llndley. L Ang
Prof Perrine. Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N Williams, Sacto S P I^uist, San Jose
T GUlman, Manila C R Hutchinson, Cal
M Harding. Manila W H Clark. Petaluma
J Norrls, Manila H Gallagher, Madera
F Moses, New York J J O'Neil, Cal
F Rehn. Chicago S E Mentzer. Marysvl
E Pearson & w, Utah J M Tryon, New York
G E Johnson, Ind H Krlck, Ft Worth
B Hang, Boise E L Benson. Stocktoa
R Rossi, Indiana Q White, Riverside
Eastern Star Excursion.
A number of members of the Order of
the Eastern Star have arranged for an
excursion to Highland Springs, Lake
County. The party will leave on Saturday
morning via Tiburon and Hopland to the
Springs; will rest there on Sunday, drive
to Lakeport on Monday, sail across the
lake to Paradise Valley, return that even
ing to the Springs and be back in this
city on Tuesday evening. The excursion
will be under the direction of Grand Sec
retary Mrs. Kate J. Willats.
LATE CHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 25.
'Stmr Weeott, Dunham, 29 hours from Eu
reka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— SaiIed May 25— Schr Rio Rey, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived May 25— Stmr Queen, hnc
May 21.
Sailed May 25— Stmr Oirzaba, for Alaska.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Returned May 25— Stmr Italia,
hence for Philadelphia (see disaster).
QTEENSTOWN — Arrived May 25 — Stmr
Belgenland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool. .
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FrancUeo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayee street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street: open until S o'clock.
2626 Mission wtreet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
ptraets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. T~kT .x.
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- 'ml*
Emmery sts. — Regular assembly THIS ¥ \
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. BUI
Order of the .Temple. All f raters are ▼
' cordially invited.
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN, Em Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA LODGE OF PERFEC- .-,
TION, No. 1. Regular meeting THIS
.(FRIDAY) EVENING, May 26, at 8 A
o'clock. D.14. *> ' Mi
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. <5wW
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. & A. M., •
121 Eddy st. Meets THIS EVENING Ik
7:30 o'clock. 2D. X_X
GEO. PENNINGTON. Secretary. /^T>
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch— Assemble *
at the hall, corner Mason and O'Farrell k"a
sts., THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. May fcNg4
26, at 8 o'clock. Business of special '•>* r
importance wlfl be transacted.
THE PRESIDENT.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its » «3 r'^.
thirty-third annual feathering and a*. tfctQ
garneo .-it Shell Mound Park on T^ite
TUESDAY, May 30. As usual,
the best athletes of the Pacific Coast will
compete for prizes of coin. Jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 In cash will be
distributed to successful competitors; full
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish
music for the grounds and dancing platform;
a Highland hospitality will be extended to
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets for
Shell Mound Park: adults 50c; children 25c.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that. a meeting of the stockholders
of said company has been called by said
Board* to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon at said day. at ■ the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market St.. in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
' act upon .the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to. complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other" property
. within the purposes of this Company; and to
■•• secure the bonded . indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said company now owned ' or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the • Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
• [Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany. .-.-- » ■ ..-. .
SPECIAL NOTICES:
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY. June 1. 189».
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May
26, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m. .
. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
i ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. ' 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley fe Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young Irish girl with 5 years' reference
. wants a place. as cook; also English waitress
with 7 years' references ■ wants a place in
private family. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter aye. ,
SITUATION wanted by a German woman In
a first-class American family, to take care
of children and sewing; nine years In the
, last dace. M. G., box 741, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a position to
do general housework and cooking; city cr
country; moderate wages. No. 10 Stockton,
place, bet. Post and Sutter sts.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and iron; moderate
. wages; no objection to short distance in the
country. Call 651 V* Howard st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman; is a good
- cook and baker; no objections little ways out;
good references. 772 Seventh St., below Brush,
Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation:
housework or help in- boarding house; $10 and
car fare. 44 Russ st.
YOUNG Danish woman wan,ts place as cook
for gang of men in country. Address box 23,
Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half days at washing or housework; terms
fOc. Address box 752. Call office.
Ger'iMi. woman wishes to go out by the day,
washing and cleaning for Friday. 49 Rausch
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
RESPECTABLE lady, 55, wants good home In
small, genteel family; can cook and do light
work; small wages. 418 Powell st.
2 GIRLS want work; one will cook and assist,
other is nurseglrl; with first-class references.
1124' 2 Harrison st.
EASTERN girl wants second work or general
housework in a small family. SO7 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and dishwasher or
helper; English. French and Hungarian style;
first-class pastry; first -class hotel; references.
Apply at 242 Natoma St., basement.
STEADY competent girl wishes situation to do
cooking and general housework in a small
family; city or short distance in the country.
Address 1555 Pine St. . ; ■
YOUNG American girl, age 24, would like to
assist in housework; more for a good home
than wages;, references given. Inquire 1219
Mission st.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy st.'. room 15, first floor.
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boarding house; man first-class cook: wife
good laundress and pastry cook. 312 Van
Ness aye. . •
YOUNG lady from East wishes position as at-
tendant to invalid lady or child. Address M.
M. 8.. Y. W. C. A., 1259 OFarrell st.
WANTED — capable woman, position as
working housekeeper or invalid's nurse. Ad-
dress box 736, Call • office.
YOUNG German woman wishes place for
housework; can cook; will sleep home. Call
from 10 to 3, 813 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes situation;
city .or country. Box 18, ■ Call ■ office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing,
Ironing- and cleaning. 856 Mission st. ."■
WANTED— A- situation by dlplomee young
lady, well versed In French, Italian, Ger-
man and English: prefers to be companion
- or chaperon ■to ladies desiring to travel or
study on • the continent; references given.
Box 150, Call.
MOTHER and daughter wish . situations as
cook 1 and second girl; country preferred.
■ 1635 ; Mission.
COOK and wife wish a situation .In a coun-
try hotel; good all-around cook, thoroughly
experienced. 802 Montgomery St., room 23.
AMERICAN woman wants place as cook In
email Institution June 1. Address box 8421,
• Call office, . Oakland. 'V. >
LADY would like position to do plain sewing
or . second work. 866% Market, room ♦. . .
LADY good in .composition wants position as
. : amanuensis . or private secretary; stenog-
rapher. . Box 713, .Call office. [■■_-.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
• ket ; 200 rooms : 25c to $1 50 night $1 50 to $6
. week; . convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.:
BY a reliable person, a situation as foreman
on a a ranch: stock or cereal ranch preferred.
Address, stating terms, T. J. STEVENS.
Frultvale, Cal. ; ' '■" ■'
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly com-
petent and good, careful driver; can milk
and do all other work around gentleman s
place. Box 896. Call* office.
YOUNG man desires position In wholesale
house; graduate business college; > reliable,
references. Box 24, Call office.
WANTED— Position to take care of Institution,
public building or private place by a re-
spectable married couple without children,
good references; can put up security I^re-
quired. Address D.. box 652, Call office. Oak-
land. ;
SITUATION wanted (Just arrived from East) by
two first-class 20 years' experienced compe-
tent 1 meat. 1 pastry cook, bread and cakes
best of references; sober and steady; wish
places: city or country. Address box 78Z. call.
ACTIVE, elderly man. good all around harness-
maker and repairer, can do some ■■ carriage
trimming, wants work In a country shop or
on a large ranch; references; wages moder-
ate. Address Box 670, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as engineer; can run
dynamo or any kind of small plant; willing
to do other work; good reference. Address M.
F. C. 235 Minna at.
YOUNG man wants a position where he can
make himself generally useful; Is a good
carpenter with plenty of tools. Address
box 737. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation;
careful driver; best city references; 5 years
In last place. Box 17. Call o'fflce.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
Head waitress. $30: 10 waitresses for springs
and resorts, $20: 12 waitresses, different coun-
try hotels, $20; 4 waitresses, city, $20; 3 cham-
bermaids, to wait. $20; 3 restaurant ' wait-
resses, $5 and $6.
FAMILY ORDERS
Swedish house girl, $25; .5 cooks and house
girls, $20 and $25; woman cook for mountains.
$20, fare paid; 25 competent young girls for
cooking and housework, $15 to $25; neat young
nurse girl to care for baby, $8 to $10. . . ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 FIRST-CLASS chambermaids to call and
register for first-class springs and resorts; $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE girl to care for baby; to stop at hotel
in . country for summer; $8 to $10. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
25 SOUTHERN California waitresses for fash-
ionable water and mountain resorts for June
15; $20 month. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
NEAT young girl, light housework. $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Winnemucca, Nev.. $25 per
month, fare here at the office; apply early.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding house, $30; cook, delicacy
store, $25 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
TWO cocks, $30 and $35; 3 second girls, $20
and $25 per month; 2 nurses. $20 and $15 each;
12 housework girls, city and country. $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND work. Oakland. $25; Sausalito. $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
6 HOTEL waitresses, city and country, $20 and
$25 per month; 2 restaurant waitresses, $5 and
$6 per week each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WANTED— Second girl and seamstress, short
distance in country, $25; 2 second girls. $20:
French nursery governess. $25; . 2 German
cooks, no wash, $25 and $30; girls for house-
work in nearby country places. $20 and $25:
40 German. Scandinavian. Protestant and
neat Irish girls for housework in city at $20
and $25; young girls, assist in housework, $10
to $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
WANTED — 2 chambermaids and assist waiting,
same house, $20. see party this morning at our
office; chambermaid, wait one meal, country
resort, $20, see party at our office this morn-
Ing; 2 waitresses, commercial hotels, $20; 2
waitresses far same country hotel. $20; call
early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced sewers on white work,
steady position, to work '. In store on foot-
power machines. 840 Market st.
AMATEUR athletic and vaudeville talent of all
kinds. Apply at Glen Park Theater to-day, 2
to 5 p. m. ■
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladles' Jackets and
skirts. I. VISHOOT, SlO Howard st.
GIRL to do light housework; sleep home;
wages. . 1108 Fulton st.
WANTED— Lady clothes ironer. Standard
Laundry; 114 Hayes st. .
NEAT woman for light housework and baby;
small wages. 410% Tehama st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housewc— k and children. 822 Page st.
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work. 810 Lombard st.
EXPERIENCED nursegirl wanted to take care
of infant; must have references and be neat
and reliable. Apply at 2116 California st.
WANTED — An apprentice for dressmaking at
234 Post st., room 10.
GOOD German girl, who wants good home;
light housework. 508 Hyde at., bet. 9 and 12.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1350 Jack-
son st., .upstairs.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 629 Mc-
Allister st.; good wages.
YOUNG strong woman for washing and iron-
Ing Mondays and Tuesdays. 317 Larkln st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught: plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable: moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices:
steady employment.. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
HELP WANTED— MALK.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. FROM 7 A. M
12 haymakers, different Jobs $1 25 day
92 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places. $26. $25, $30 and $20 and found;
12 milkers, different places, $30. $25 and found;
6 ehoreboys and men. for good ranches, $20.
$15, $10 find found: also 2 boys to learn city
trades; milker and wife, $35
20 two and four-horse teamsters. $2 day, free
'.TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS
19 crosscut sawyers, different Jobs, $35 and
found; 22 timber fellers, different Jobs, $40 anil
found: 6 Jackscrewers, $32 50: 2 bark peelers,
$26; 125 laborers for mills and yards, $26 and
found; 14 pliers for mills, etc $26 and found
Sticker hand, north $40 and found
Head donkey man, $40 2 spool tenders
264 tlemakers, tools furnished, lie. 10c and
12c: 345 woodchoppers, $2, $1 50 and $1 cord,
tools found. .-.:.->. •-.'..„
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
Machinist, country shop
9 blacksmiths and horseshoers, also 3 helpers
$3, $2 50, $2 day and $50. $40 and found; 2
boys or young men, little experience In above
trade; these jobs are for shops, camps and
ranches, etc
..CARPENTERS, WOODWORKERS. ETC..
2 carpenters, same jobs ;
Young man woodworker, carriage .shop, $40
and found; hand wood finisher, country mills,
25 teamsters, different Jobs, $1 75 day; "la-
borers, city jobs, $1 75 day and $30 and found-
-3 stablemen, city and country jobs, $25 and
$20 and found: boy to peddle in city, $15 and
found; boy for store, $8" and found
■ MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. ■
FREE FARE..... .....FREE FARE
To-day, every day, at 9 a. m.. via Third and
Townsend - sts. depot, S. P. R. R. Co
We ship part of
500 two-horse teamsters....
500 four-horse teamsters.........*"""
500 drillers
500 laborers .■.....'.'.'!
150 hammermen ""
.150 holders for drillers :..'.'.""
."....., 26 stone masons ....".'.'.'."""
'-'•'... 150 gravel screeners ...
Wastes are S3. $2 50 t? 11 7-, «»<••.,. ™~j ._<<lll!a
S. P. pass free: .7/. ■.*. 7. . „ ... „ . . . .... " rOaa
Office commission only $1 \\\[\'
• •••• ...Los Angeles District..... ".".*"! "
150 laborers and teamsters........ $2 day
Free fare S. P. ; ... Office' fee. $1
Into Valleys of M0nterey............
26 laborers, no experience necessary, $1 75
day; 25 two and four-horse teamsters $2 day
25 gravel screeners, anybody, $1 75 day . '
FREE FARE..... OFFICE FEF
TO EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
1564 laborers. teamsters, drillers rock-
men, etc., $3 to $1 75 day: free fare to all
Office fee, $1.. ........'....... ...
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay ' at.
cooks, PORTERS. waiters, BAKERS
Cook, nice country hotel, fare $1. $55 and
found; 9 cooks, different places, $50 $40 $30
and found; 6 ' dishwashers, $25, $20 $15 'and
found; 7 waiters, $30. $25. $20 and' found- 2
; porters, country hotels ....J2O and found
Baken, country 5h0p...... . 5.....5g5s .....$g5 and found
3 bakers' helpers and assistants, good Jobs
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Night waiter, country $25 to I.lft-
waiter, first-class hotel; cook, oyster and chon
house, country. , $40; pot washer, hotel coun-
Rtockton si* Bher> $2 °* etC V ANDRE'S, jgg
S L C E°N NI 323 b Sut t r er $ 3 ° per month - Mlii^T
C «° Xe f a^ny i IUIU "' $55 : HO EL GAZETTE,
COOK ralso dishwasher, 5 East st. near Mar
ket.. Oakland Care; call early. ****•
1
HELP WANTED— Continued.
FREE OFFICE FEE FREE R. R. FARE
Ship for the coast railroad on Saturday
and Sunday mornings; free of any charge.
WANTED
100 two and four-horse teamsters, $1 75 to $3
a day and $25 to $30 a month and found and
free fare.
100 laborers, gravel screeners and concrete
mixers. $2 and $1 75 a day and free fare.
Any able-bodied men wanting work of this
kind, we will ship on Saturday and Sun-
FREE OFFICE FEE FREE FARES
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TUNNEL foreman, $4 a day and free fare.
8 headermen, $2 50 a day and free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.,_lo4_Geary _"__
HEADERMEN. bencHmen, hammermen, dril-
lers, muckers, $2 50 to $2 a day and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
5 STONEMASONS, $3 a day and free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 RAILROAD camp cooks, $60 each; camp
baker, $40; camp waiter, $20. C. R. HANbKN'
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 TIMBER fellers, $40 and board; spool tend r
$35 and found; screw turner, $50 and boa 1;
3 Jaekscrewers, $32 50: chair tender, $3n 1
found' 10 cross cutters, $35 and found; lj
pliers and mill laborers, $30 and $26.
Blacksmiths, $2 a day and found, $2 o0 a
day, near city.
15 farmers, $30 and $26 and found; milker,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
KITCHEN steward, country hotel, $50 and
found, see party here 10 a. m. ; second cook,
$70' second cook, summer resort, $50; second
cook, hotel, city. $50; cook, country restau-
rant, $45 and found; ranch cook, $25; kitchen
hands and dishwashers. C. R. HANSEN ie
CO., 104 Geary st.
AN experienced head laundryman for a first -
clas" year-round country hotel, $60 and found,
see party here 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN \.
CO., 104 Geary st.
ERRAND boy, this office. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Boy for this office; dairyman for
nice private place, $25; milkers, $30 and $25;
stableman, $30, ehoreman, $20; laborers for
mines mills, tunnel work, etc., at going
wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra -
mento st.
WANTED— Restaurant cooks, $40 and $10 week;
kitchen man, good hotel. $20 and found; ranch
cook' cook, small country hotel; waiters; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — Screw turner for mill, $70; timber
fellers, $40; shingle sawyer, $2 25 day; jack-
screwers barkers and other millmen at going
wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Machine blacksmith, $3 to $3 50 day;
tool dresser. $3 to $3 50 day; Jobbing black-
smith, $40 and board; 3 blacksmiths to sharp-
en lools and general jobbing, $60; blacksmiths
for mine, $2 60 a day; machinist, $3 day;
iron molder, country, $3 a day. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— A neat butler for private family.
$35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
WANTED •••••
Carpenter for mine, steady Job, $2 50 per day;
plain shoemaker for Institution near city, $20
and foun'l; second baker for country shop,
$26 and found.
6 milkers, near city $2o and $30
1C haying hands, near city $26
FOR R. R. WORK NEAR CITY.
10 laborers $2 per day
10 drillers $2 50 per day
10 strikers $2 50 per day
5 laborers for good Job in city, $26 and board;
waiter for nice coffee house near city, $8 per
week; 10 laborers for brickyard near city, $25
to $30 and board; crosscut sawyer lor mill
near .-ityl $30 and board, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk who understands business
thoroughly: state ape. experience and capa-
bilities, places employed, and references,
amount of pay expected. Address box 746.
Call office.
WANTED — Young man, experienced in put-
ting up orders in a wholesale grocery or cof-
fee house; give age, references and wages ex-
pected. Box 25, Call office.
STRONG, willing old country boy about 18, to
learn trade, make himself useful; $4 a week
to begin. Box 739, Call office.
AMATEUR athletic and vaudeville talent of all
kinds. Apply at Glen Park Theater to-day. 2
to 5 p. m.
GOOD barber wanted for Friday, Saturday and
Sunday. 153 Fourth St., near corner Howard.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 90(>^
Howard St.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; steady.
4SI Eighth St.. near Washington. Oakland.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
623 Clay st.
3 SHOEMAKERS; old shop; steady work. Call
ready to work at once. 562 Mission st.
WANTED— General blacksmith; light work
Apply W. HOPPE. Baden.
WANTED— A German boy as third hand on
cakes. 331 Fourth Ft.
GOOD and sober dishwasher at S Jackson st.
WANTED — Man for nursery work and jobbing
gardening. Call 500 Haight st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 135 Fifth st. ; call
early.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist In light- work; must have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western
Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
WANTED— Young gentleman with capital for
manufacturing business; must be well edu-
cated and capable of dealing with the best
class of people; no other need apply. Box
YOUNG man to assist in office in part pay-
ment for business course. DURHAM'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, Supreme Court build-
ins.
WANTED — Carriage blacksmith partner to
open shop in Napa. Wheelwright, box 15,
. Call.
PAINTER, whitener, paperhanger, who will
take work out In rent. Address box 19. Call.
WANTED — Steady man with small capital.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
WANTED— ( camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE, Elmhurst.
WANTED— Gcod barber; steady Jolv srood
wages. 377 Ninth St., Oakland. '
BARBER shop for sale in Healdsburg. J. M.
KEYES.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIX COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road: apply at Stone's camp, nea- Giant sta-
tion: wages. $1 75 to $1 90: also first-class
tunnel men: apply at Point Richmond: wages
>1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knnw
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 largo
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; blankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakdale to Sonora free Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN. SO2 Montgomery st.
COMPETENT drug clerk;- good salary; city
references required. Box 651 Call office.
$600— BARBER shop, building and bedroom
♦complete, flrstclass. Particulars of G W
S., Eastland. Cal.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devisa-
dero and Broadway, city.
BARBERS— Good shop for sale In country
shaving. 25c DECKELMAN BROS. 106 'Ellis.'
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coaac ana
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
FARM bands wanted. Call at Golden Eagla
Hotel. Marysvllle. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: constant practice; catalogue free.
Moler"s Barber College. 625 Clay st.
160 men for cleanest houses In city, "Central
House." 871 Market, and "Branch House "
861; 15c to 50c nieht; all dally papers.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good uU-
ary; references required; state experience
Apply box 7848. Call office.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms' 10c Der
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S F
BARBER COLLEGE. 13SH Eighth it
SOO SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms day
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night: re-
auction to permanent roomers; reading room.
MEN «. w ?x nted t0 room " Ne w Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single,
10c. 15c night; 60c, 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS-J H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS 1 Progressive Union: free employ-
m t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863«4 Market St.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailoni for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
P'ng Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter iUPARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED—Partner to travel In photographic
inis'ness ir. South America; success certain
r.o experience necessary. Apply 2 to 4 d m '
rootn __ 204 Ilia st. ' "
\VA.\T_O-MISCK_LA\_OIJS.
SECOND-BAND Jobbing press, foot or" hand
R??s_J_._K te _i?.Ys Bt price - Address E. <■
JENA, 333 Mississippi *aoreBa B, v.
EXCHANGE— Board at summer resort for
piano, surrey, horses, safe or carpets Ad-
■lress 200. Cal. Safe Deposit building.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
wltn harness and uead bars; long Job. E. B
STONE. Elmhurst,
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 328 Bush St.. room i.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good uprlght~plalioT'7or~s6
cash ar.d $b per month, we ask you to investi-
gate nnd approve this method; prices are the
! fame as if purchased for all cash; bargain"
in goo.! second -hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$o per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
J_s_/-?a y. l!:i! - 0 ' "* Thirteenth and
Oakland.
be "oldest and largest house
la KOHLER A: CHASES,
126 28 and 30 OFarrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR sale— Upright Steinway piano in good or-
?- er . : i « ° Caligraph typewriter No. 3. 1900
» Hll'
AT 517 McAllister a family must sell $600 up-
ripht regardless of cost.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Pcott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
A FINE piano for Practice, $:,0. Room 12. Flood
building. Fourth and Market sts.
$55— ELEGANT piano for sale on $5 install-
ments: cost HOP. Call 1115 Post st.
R 'x, A.;,- DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAI . 308 to 312 Post st.
A-TPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments, $5 75 up:
rents. ?2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A N'^'V chlcke ririfT and 3 Steinway s. Keeffe's,
1019 \ an Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706.
BARGAINS — Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Irancls Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
GEO. MA YE RLE, German Expert Optician:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients.
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
-sent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills. 510 Eddy Bt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days. 4 to 8 d. m.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used: cure at office.
$.' home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 342 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Lark'.n; hours, 10 to 5 and iy to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: Fe!f-curo sent: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. II: very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $.*. travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m : Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
tTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5: restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O' Donne!! has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician : never falls to
cure: consult him first, pave time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. IC23H Market st.
I>R WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
c'fco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs. over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards * Co., 406 Clay
ct ; $1 50. Send 2c (.tamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., ',31 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAI"? French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OPG^OD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home: no Instru-
ment."; consultation free, confidential: home
treatment. IE I 'US ALLEN. 228 Van Set*.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate 'ave.*;
private home in confinement.
PR and Mrs. Wipe. 111S Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money hack:ss up.
PR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada . one . year for 11,
pontage paid.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
and « Eighth St.; telephone Bouth 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
pernl to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Putter st. ;
tel. Main 194. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4f,3 Stevenson at ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3".
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
3 E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning *■ per yard; tel. Mission 74.
V. P. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. IN Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAfTuiRE & GALLAGHER G. Ma-
ruire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
Bh<-r (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing, S2. r >-S"5 Market at. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; nc advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments.' bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc.. drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at. law. K0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L s CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE fr^e: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market rt .
LOST.
Lfj¥f^utter*^r^olk~sU~Tgold army^^le
mono.ram If found please return GROVE
P AYERB, Ilolbrook, Merrill & Stetson, 235
Market St. '
LOST-Bank book, German Savings Bank; fiult-
fi.blo reward if returned to J. HAMMOIsD,
23 Powell st ;
2 NOTES payable to MRS. RHODA GREEN.
Finder please return or notify 1559 Broadway,
Onklann; reward. ______
~ ALA SKA ENTER PR I £ V
V Navigation and Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10. 1599. for St. Michael, Cape Nome and
Kotzebue Sound. Contracts for passengers
and freight, must be made with the general
office; no outside agents. For particulars
apply to CHAS. F. ULANDIN, President. 10 i
Calif ornU at., room 5. . 1
HI SIXES' CHANCES.
A— s3oo; BRANCH Bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $20: a good paying place;
clears about $100 per month. R. G. WILKE.
906 Market st.
A— $1000; PARTNER wanted in detective
agency; the oldest and best establlßhed bu-
reau In this city. Call R. G. WILKE, 'JO6
Market st?
A— ssso; SALOON doing a good business: Mar-
ket and Seventh Hta. ; rent $40; a bargain. R.
G. WILKE. m Market st.
$500; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
estab. years; 50 feet from Call bldg.; account
of sickness. Particulars R. G. Wllke, 906 Mkt.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar: living :
rms.; one-half block from Wlelands Brewery; ;
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only: a ,
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$450— BRANCH bakery and stationery store in j
the Mission: living rooms: rent $18: average
dally receipts $10. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st. i
$200— CORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
Market sts. R. G. WILKE,. __ Market st. j
$200— Restaurant; daily receipts $20; rent,
$21. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
SALOON and merchants' lunch house
among wholesale stores; bargain; sickness of
! owner cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN — CO.,
777 Market st.
I JOT— BARBER shop; 6 chairs: laundry agency.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
$250— SALOON: north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must sell. JONES & CO.,
Uia Market st.
BUTCHER shop: great sacrifice. Call to-day.
COWING & CO., 995 Market Bt.
$350— STATIONERY, notions and cigar store;
bargain. NAT'L AGENCY. 783^ Market st.
I HAVE lots of persimmons but my pole is
too short to reach them; $600 or more will ■
enable me to do so; assist me and I will]
make you a fortune; a legitimate enterprise.
Box 749, Call office. .
ONE-HALF interest in an old-established
fruit and produce store centrally located;
good reasons for selling. Address box 751,
Call office. ■ ■
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop, cheap: on
transfer corner. Fourteenth and Mission sts.,
by B. P. HASPILLE; owner compelled to
leave. ' 'I
$S.'O— RESTAURANT and 10 rooms; successful
operation by present owner 6 years; sickness
only. C. WILLMOTT, 916 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING stationery store: fine location.
Inquire CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS &
WELCH, 321 Sansome st.
FOR sale— Delicacy and dairy produce busi-
ness- a good place for man and wife; will
be sold at a sacrifice. Box 740, Call. _
GOOD-PAYING transfer corner cigar store
for sale cheap: good reasons given for sell-
Ing. 764 San Jose aye.
WELL-EQUIPPED small Job printing office
cheap; part cash, balance monthly. Box uO,
Call office^ ]
J2oo— PARTNER wanted In established busi-
ness; two places to look after: plenty of
work no experience; trial given. 265 O'Farrell.
A Old-established fruit store;
good chance. 130 Sth. nr. Mission; no agents.
BEST business Investment in city for $100; new
patented article; practical and meritorious.
1045 Mission St., room 3.
SALOON and 6-room lodging-house, completely
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson Bt.
TO intended Eastern purchasers of profitable
orchards, legitimate exchanges, first mort-
gage I ana and for further information from
a Santa Clara Valley Orchard Agency of
California write to box 711, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS fruit store for sale cheap in
the business portion of the city; good rea- j
son for selling. Box 635. Call.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop; ■
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye.. near Clement ]
ft.; take Sutro car. 1
I For SALE— A good blacksmith shop, for $500;
wish to retire from business. Box 636. Call.
["-CLASS restaurant and bakery on prin-
cipal street. Address box 640, Call office.
LIVE partner inted with $1500; biz will pay
$600 per month: dead sure. Box 643. Call.
BARBER shop; $"0; principal street; rent $10; 2
chairs; must sell this week. Box 641, Call.
DON'T miss this bargain— Elegantly fitted up :
store, including shelving, counters and 5
silver-mounted showcases; living rooms in
rear; long lease; rent $25. '.'•'> Third st.
PARTNER with some capital wanted to manu-
facture combination door mat, patented.
CHAS. KUHN. Frultvale, Cal.
FINE store fixtures and showcase; 5 living
rooms: suitable branch bakery and notions.
2S4S Folscm.
! A FIRST-CLASS saloon on East St., nr. Mar-
ket; on account of 111 health; at LANE &
CONNELLY'S, 204 Market st. _^
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at
ROUTE on this paper for sale Apply this
office^ ■ - __^_^^_
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALR.
FURNISH up a lodging house from Alexan-" '
drla Hotel furniture. DAVIS & CO.. 1111
Market St.. Odd Fellows' building. Market
St.. near Seventh: come quick.
$650— 12-ROOM lodging house: newly and ir.od-
ernly furnished: well equipped dining room.
Apply -.7 M .-;-,■ st.
fihmuhi: FOR SAL 2iL-~— ~-
SOLID oak sets', chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything from Alexandria Hotel, In big
st.re In Odd Fellows' building. 1111 Market
st., near Seventh. DAVIS & CO.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. '
A -'_!Za"n~'overstock
St Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; installmts.
LADY called Into mourning will pell a gray
cloth suit reasonable; can be seen at 531 Sut-
ter Ft. O'NEILL & THOMPSON.
DRESS pants.72 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery. cor.Commerclal.
A NICE diamond stud for $39 at UNCLE HAR-
RIS . 15 Grant aye.
FOR Bale Cheap; bakery and notion store. 909
Bryant st. -
CHEST of carpenter tools cheap; suitable for
ranch. Apply 1959 Fifteenth at.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium siz»
screw cutting lathe. 648 . Mission st.
GASOLINE engines- 1 h. P. $100, 2 h. p. $125, 3
G h p $IV.O 4 h p. ___ Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
aE B^ D b%S£ gTfT.,«jg^g
LAUNDRY plant, complete: boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st. -
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale ft.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mlsslop st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
' HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. I*s: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES-Bargalns In new arid second-hand all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. 1- .
" SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHT^rTrented : repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint <■
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought Bold, «__!_■__. rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
~ ~ I__»LCAI'IONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry geol.. min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINEBS- Bookkeeping, business practir*.
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD-'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
A YRES 1 Busineps College, 723 Market tit. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
penmansh p. English branches. etc., life
scholarship. $•■>; low rates per week and mo.
MFRCANTILE College, room 60, Flood build-
lnc SH TARR, Principal; pupils fitted
' for all' office work; course in bookkeeping.;
rapid calculations anequaled; short wroc ■
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachfrs;
Fills system: sunny rooms; low. rates;. day,
even San Frmndioo Bus. College. 1236 Mitt.
ENGINEERING School.- civil, electrical mln-
inK mech survey, assay, archl.; day & eve ;
e"t.' Sh: VAN PER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
I AW Schools 927 Market. S. F.. and. 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUPPY. «A H-.de.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkjn at. opp. City Hall, j
i
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 26, 1899.
PERSONALS.
DOCTOR who is leaving for Europe on June 1
would take charge of invalid during the pas-
sage. • Address Doctor. 427 Emma Spreckels j
bldr. 927 Market st. .
SOLID oak sets, chiffoniers, curtains, chairs,
everything from Alexandria Hotel, in big
store in Odd Fellows' building, 1111 Market
Et.. near Seventh. DAVIS & CO.
PERSON who took knobs from safe at "The
Palace of Art," 16 Post st., Is known; return
and save trouble. ERNEST HAQUETTE.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
CEMETERY fences: best work: lowest prices.
DOUGLAS. Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
LEDERER'S Quintonica is the only reliable
hair tonic; keens the hair clean and glossy;
35c a bot. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c: this week he will offer all his $1 hair
switches at 75c; good quality and length. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero St. cars; tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 gutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
Pan Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per nicht: $1 50 to $5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed. $1 50; send for sam-
■ pies. . BLEY. printer, 511 Sacramento st. ;
phone Main 1836.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 P<*st St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices: easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton at.
DR. CREEL B Dog Hospital, 189 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400; Examiner building.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom at.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome St.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr.Gordln.sl4 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $B:bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary Ft.; dresses made, $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyance; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
C. V. MILLER'S trumpet seance. 8 p. m.; 25c;
"to-morrow, Mother Sadie seance,' 12 o'clock;
50c. 409 Leavenworth st. '-.;;' V.'"' .~t -'■•
LADIES' Aid Society entertainment and dance
, to-night. Occidental Hall. 305. Larkln St.; 10c.
MRS. HARLANDS test circle to-night; sealed
letters read. UK-; sittings dally. 120 Sixth st.
MISS HODGE of Chicago materializing this
evening, 330 Ellis; gents, $1; ladles, 50c.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, -medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234*4 Sixth.
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrißt; 11 to 5; 60c;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MESA FRANCES, Independent slate-
writ In g inedluin^llBHa_htE_^^______
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., S; 2.'c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia ft.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has .opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
Ellis: hours 9a. m. to 9 p. m. ; open Sundays;
fee 25c: for ladles only; card reading at pri-
vate entertainments. -": ; - i
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond slcht: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles. 6Cc; gents. $1; sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. GORING, the, powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st. ■ ■ . ■
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post ft., room 7. '
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36*4 Geary st., rooms 1 and 3.
MRS. FRANKIE WILLIAMS has returned;
' magnetist. 906 Market st., room 21.
MME AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; '-'sc.
MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. . 304
Sutter st.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to S6. r .*4 Market St.. rooms 8-9.
MME HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. rm. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 326 Larkin
St., M.m 6.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor. 865*4 Market.
j RETURNED— EDNA V GRANT, clairvoyant
| and palmist. 120 Ellis. St.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netic, 207 Powell St.. rooms 6 and 6.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader. 10c: ladles only.
643 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier, first
In her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St.. rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St.. room 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. US Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 26c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmißt and' psychom-
etrist: parlor* 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
... PALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
malne. 616 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2021; reading by mail. Jl.
YOUR fate is In your hand; scientific palmis-
try, cartomancy. MME. GERMAINE, 906
Market St.. room Hi. .
A— MME. BUSI-KELL, ' the famous palmist.
916 Bush St., between Taylor and Jones.
_ _________
~DENTISTB.
s HIOGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fllling3 from $1; plates
from $3. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates' cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without platen pur specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth Bt.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 , years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings, So up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VltOOM— Painless dentistry: guarantee 10
years; lowest prices; 10 operators; no stu-
<l(»ntß: painless extraction by electricity. 897
Market st. . - ■'•■' » -
jtK LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh- crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gaa given.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty, liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 869 ' Mission ' st.; . corner
- Sixth." . ".'•' .- " '■■■■■■ '■■' ' ■"
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
BET •of teeth without a plate. - DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ' J
HOUSES TO LET. I
BAY WINDOW HOUSE— 2I2 Perry at., near
Fourth St.; 4 rooms; rent $10; water free.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO. - ■ - - -"
20 COTTAGES AND HOUSES in the Mission
for sale very cheap for cash or on easy
terms, by C. S. . CAPP _ CO., Real Estate
Agents, 630 Market st. . j_.
GREENWICH. 902, NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25. , ' •_
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOWARD, 549— Lodging house, 37 rooms, $45;
or hotel, barroom, range, all house, $60.
MINNA. 323^. between Fourth and Fifth—
Two-story house of 6 rooms in good .order.
LOW rent in the finest residence location in the
city, 1907 Pacific aye., near Gough; house of 8
rooms, bath, heater, etc. : new plumbing, new-
ly papered and • painted throughout. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
THE most charming spot in the Mission; mag-
nificent view; delightful climate; fine large
grounds; flowers and lawn; NW. corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-first; electric cars; hou&e of
12 ■rooms in perfect condition; stable and car-
riage house; rent low to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON. 3454 Twenty-first St.,
near Guerrero, or 655 Mission St.; key at cor.
2 VERY pleasant sunny houses, 3356 and 3388
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; electric cars;
7 rooms, laundry, bath; in first-class condi-
tion: rent satisfactory to good tenant. Apply
to E. G. DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first St..
or 655 Mission; key at corner. '-:----:
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— 3-room cottage; yard and
chicken-house; $5 month. San Mateo cars to
Thirty-fourth st.
DEVISADERO, Furnished cottage; rent
reasonable to good tenant.
ROSS Valley; 4-room furnished cottage and
stable: rent reasonable. Apply 1553 Fulton st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; flat of 6 rooms,
bath: cheap." 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
COR Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose aye.;
new flats, suitable for physicians, dentists
or dressmakers. . .
ELLIS. 595— Fine furnished flat. 4 rooms and
bath; mod. conv'ce6; $35. Apply 827 Mission.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & : HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms and bath; sanitary
plumbing, $13. 17 Ewing place, bet. Post and
Sutter, off Laguna.
NEAR City Hall, elegant top flat, 6 rooms,
bath; all latest improvements. 12 Grove st.
FOUR-ROOM flat, $11. 6A Dearborn St., oft
Seventeenth, above Valencia.
NEW sunny modern flats, 1603 Broderick
st., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderick St., 6 rooms; rents
reduced.
SHARON, 88. bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
Sanchez and Church— slB, new flat, five rooms
and bath, cellar, yard. stable for 2 horses.
SIXTH, 536 A —Upper flat; 5 rooms, bath; front
and rear entrance; large yard; rent $12.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16: repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY 3-room flat. 416 Hyde St., between El-
lis and O'Farrell.
SUNNY upper fiat; 7 rooms, bath and large
yard; rent reasonable. 1013H Filbert st. ■
THIRD, 415 A— Sunny -at, 8 rooms, latest im-
provements. 2 front suites with bax windows.
TO Furnished flat of 6 rooms and bath;
reasonable. 1426 Leavenworth st.
TO LET— Flat, 4 rooms. 16 Dale place, oft
Golden Gate aye.. Hyde and Leavenworth.
UPPER fi;»t, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom ; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near FUlmore.
$10— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st. oft Market, near Valencia.
6 ROOMS, $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $18. Key 623
Second st.. corner . Rlncon aye.
2 NEW, sunny, modern flats. 1603 Broderlck
Bt., ■ 9 rooms; 1609 Broderick at. 6 rooms; 1
rents reduced. J. JACOBS. *
~ FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1217
Leavenworth st.
~ ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— 2 LARGE Funny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping. 2 folding beds, one in kitch-
en, one in bedroom, $10 per month. $2 » per |
week; furniture all new. Apply at shoe store,
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
CALIFORNIA, 719—2 rooms; good stove; also
. other bedrooms suitable for gentlemen.
EDDY 207— Nice large front room complete
for housekeeping; also others; gas; bath;
quiet. - '
EDDY, 917—2 or 4 nicely furnished clean con-
necting: gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $8. or 2. $10.
FIFTH Clean furnished housekpg. ; pri-
vate; 3 connecting- rooms, $13; single. *•'> up.
FOURTH. 225— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping: also single. . . - -
GEARY 596— 2 or I connecting sunny front
rooms 'furnished for housekeeping. Apply bet.
10 and 4 *-.- - :
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coaL r ___
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 well-furnished
gunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping,
gas stove; use of telephone. "
HOWARD 640, nr. Sunny window rms;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 9SB — Furnished front room for
housekeeping, $10 per month.
HOWARD 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete"; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
HYDE, 110 — rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; also 2 in front basement.
MINNA, 620Vi— 2 sunny front housekeeping
rooms; rent $9.
MISSION. 839— Large front room, kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping. $3; furnished room. $2.
MISSION, 2133— Large front room, with small
kitchen, $9; also 3 large rooms; Tunning
water; bath; cheap.
NATOMA. 63.4 , between Seventh and Eighth
—To let, 2 or 3 furnished . rooms for house-
keeping ' ■
PINE, 704 — Front sunny suite, furnished; fold-
ing bed; stove; running water; $12. ' •
SEVENTH. 17S— Front suite with balcony, fur.
for houaekpg; stove; yard; also 1 fur, front.
SIXTH, 108—2 sunny furnished rooms suitable
for light housekeeping. /
SIXTH, — Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single' and en suite: bath; reasonable.
THIRD, 309— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $1 50 week and up.
TWO large sunny rooms, unfurnished, with
kitchen; north of Market; central; rent rea-
sonable. Box 748, Call office.
TURK, 405, comer Hyde— 4 connecting front
rms., with good stoves; suitable 2 families.
CHEAPEST and beßt In America— Weekly
* Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage pw!<l.
„ ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. ■ '
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor stB.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
_/V TAYLOR, 149, corner Eddy — Neatly furnish-
ed sunny front rooms, from $2 50 week up.
AT IB Stockton st., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen. - -
ALMA. 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: suites $160 week and up: transient.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny rooms and suits;
all conveniences; families and gentlemen;
elevator; tourist; references.
BUSH. 613— Grenoble— Newly furnished
rooms, $8 up: suites. $15 up: Wellsbach lights.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite, $18; also large front
room, $15; single, $6.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. ■ .
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week up; also
housekeeping and transients. ... .
JESSIE, 162, near Palace— Nicely furnished
; Bunny double room. $1 50; single, $1. ... :
McALLISTER. 635 — Furnished rooms;, centrally
located; private family. - '.....'*'?-:-. '
MISSION, 1316— Neatly furnished double rooms;
also 2 others unfurnished; sunny; adults pfd.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny ■■ furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. ; week or month.
O'FARRELL. : 271 — ' Elegant : modern V. sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; '. reason-
able.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POST, 525— Single room for lady or gentleman;
cheap; call before 11 a. m. or after 5 p. m.
POWELL, 15, adjoining the Columbia Theater—
Well-furnished quiet rooms; day, week or
month. y. ::Y-
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading- room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St., near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 119 (The Oaks)— first-class up-to-
date rooming house; is now open.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
ELLIS, Board and room with running
water; for 2, $16 each.
JOHNSON HOUSE, 605 O'Farrell— Elegant sun-
ny rooms, with board; beautiful grounds; also
table board; reasonable; references.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, 325; double, $20. .'
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq— Furnished suites and • single rooms; in
business locality for table boarders.
THE Longworth, 522 Geary Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and reu-au-
rant, 44-58-68 Third st. take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2&51.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 10S5 Market st. ; popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
3 NEW stores with 2 rooms back of each, cor-
ner Seventh ' and Minna sts. by JOHN
PFORR,' Agent, 403 Pine st.
SIXTH, 538— Store and 3 rooms; large yard;
rear entrance; rent $10. '
STORE, with fixtures complete for grocery and
bar or drug store: 3 rooms in rear; southwest
corner Devifadero and Ellis sts: rent $30.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS—
Proposals for Hardware, plumbers mate-
rials, lumber, paints, oils, etc., furniture,
fuel, stovepipe, stationery, library books,
; physical, chemical and other apparatus and
supplies, printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed
proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
May 31, 1599. at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for fur-
nishing the School Department of this city
and county during the fiscal year 1899-1900
with hardware, plumbers' materials, lumber,
paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel, stovepipe,
stationery, library books, etc., and for do-
ing the printing and lithographing required
during the said fiscal year. In accordance
with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education, City Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are award-
ed will be required, prior to or at the time
■ of execution of the contracts, to pay their
. proportion of the cost of advertising..
J. A. SIMPSON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Supplies of Hardware, Drugs,
Lumber, etc., for Fire Department.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, May 23, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2633
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, June 5. 1899, from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing supplies for
use of the Fire Department, from July 1,
1899, to June 30, 1901, in 'accordance with
schedule, embracing drugs, ironwork, hard-
ware, general supplies, paints, paint brushes,
oils and lumber, prepared by the Committee
on Fire Department of the Board of Supervis-
ors, on file in this office, copies of which may
be obtained at the office of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, on second floor. City
Hall.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomi-
nation, with the distinct understanding that
the lowest and best bid for each article re-
quired will be accepted, and that in every in-
stance no bid except from persons or firms
who are regular recognized dealers in the
articles enumerated and bid upon will be re-
ceived. Also, all articles and supplies shall
be of the flame kind, quality and textur^ as
per samples kept and stored In the Corpora-
I tion Yard of the Fire Department, at No. 50
Sacramento street. Also the right is reserved
that the Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart-
. ment, by and with the consent of the Com-
mittee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors, shall have power to purchase
any or all of the supplies required, at the
market rates, at the expense of the party
to whom any contract may be awarded to
furnish the same, if. upon the requisition of
the officers named, the party falls or omits
to furnish the quantity or quality of the sup-
plies designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish. Also, all articles,
and supplies furnished to be subject to the
approval of the Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department, the Board of Fire Commission-
• ere and the Committee on Fire Department of
the Board of Supervisors, whose decision shall
be final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all of the articles or
supplies offered.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tlcn of said contracts, to pay the cost of ad-
vertising this notice in three dally news-
papers, and each successful bidder to also
pay the cost of the publication In the offi-
cial newspaper of the Resolution awarding
him his contract Each article awarded to
be charged with its pro rata of the cost of
advertising this notice.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board hag resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the Committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, in favor of and made payable
•to the Clerk . of the Board of Supervisors,
must be deposited by the bidder, with his
bid. conditioned if the proposal Is accepted
and the contract awarded; and If the bidder
shall fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute the contract and give the
bond required within six days after the
award Is made, then and In that case the
said sum shall be paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Hoard reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS. ~*~*" ~~
STATE PRISON SUFPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison. SAN
QUENTIN. until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
10TH DAY OF JUNE. 1899.
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison.
FOLSOM. until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
17TH DAY OF JUNE. 1899.
At which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence (Stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement ■ and other
staple supplies, from July 1, 1899, to June JO,
1900, Inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, . nor Unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers In
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald, President of the Board, of his bid.
conditioned that the bidder will enter Into a
contract upon" notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
' or all bids as • the public Interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. April 29. IS9S— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here,
and nt office of Quartermaster, v.-.til 11 o'clock
■ a. m.. Monday, May 29, 1899, and then cpened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1899, forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks, Cal.: also at same time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for Alcatraz
Island, Angel ' Island, Fort ' Baker. Benlcia
Barracks. Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, and San Francisco. Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of American production, conditions
of price and quality (Including In the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast, to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All Information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
San Diego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing. bids to b indorsed "Pro-
posals for Forage and Straw," and addressed
to said Quartermaster, or to J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General. U.
■ B. A.. Chief Quartermaster. : ,
v" S. ENGINEER office. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., April 27. 1899— Sealed pro-
. posals for dredging In . Humboldt Bay, Cal.,
will be received here until 12 o'clock, noon.
May 29 1899. Information furnished on appli-
catlon. r' W.- H. HEUKR. Major Engineers.
~ : T~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market at., bet. 6th and 7th.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE for sale — To be removed; good 2-story !
house of 9 rooms. ■ 1918 Franklin st., bet. Clay I
and Washington; suitable for 25- foot lot: keys '<
at our office. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, 5
- Montgomery st. • '
13000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; 60-foot lot:
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores I
sts. ; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure If sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, 454
Ninth St., Oakland.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First' aye.. and you wish to aell,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$350— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6, level, fenced; 1
block from 2 car lines: positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell, rooms 1 and 2.
$4000— HOUSE for sale; 37 Moss st, between
Sixth and Seventh; lot 25x75: next to cor; good
condition; new brick foundation; rent $40.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. I
$3600 HOUSE, 11 rooms, 2 baths, in 3 flats. In j
good repair; newly painted; on Leavenworth
st. 926 Washington st. ■ . ■
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, cheap— Charming Bummer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver '-.and; unexcelled salmor. and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country-
Apply to AS.. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island."
$900— PART cash; chicken ranch of 7 acres; on
main road from Petaluma; level land; every-
thing complete; growing crop and several
hundred white leghorn pullets; a bargain on
account of other business. For further par-
ticulars address P. O. box 16, Cotati. Sonoma
County, Cal. \ ' ■ . -:. . ' , ■
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left.- For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 302 California st . S. F. .
$5 TO $30 and acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOI-COM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
LIST of city, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley
houses; also ranches; sold and exchanged;
houses rented; loans negotiated. EITEL'S,
1016 Market st. ■
PROPERTY WANTED.
TO rent for term of years, chicken ranch of 10
acres; within 50 miles of San Francisco or
Los Angeles. Address box 747, Call office.
COTTAGE and lot. $1500: quick. J. J. EVANS,
Real Estate. Agent. 630 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V6 per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg.. chattels,
undiv'd int'ts, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building. .
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.
loaned on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY WANTED. ; ,
QUICK— 9 per cent city Improved prop- i
erty. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agents, 630
Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. J :;: ! .;■
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!!
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 11450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. — $1650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. $2350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms,. bath.
No. $3000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath. I
No. 5 — 54500 /or a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
620 Market St., S. F., Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$2.'. CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for; a now j
3-room cottage: high basement: lot 50x255
feet: price all told $42.'; Westall Tract, in
tropical Fruitvale, adjoining East Oakland;
rich soil; grand view; superb climate; no o-jid
winds nor foes here; electric cars and a 00-
-foot wide boulevard near; not far from a nne
3-story schoolhouse; there are quite a number
of S. F. merchants now located in this Veo-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
i-t., near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
MAGNIFICENT new house; modern; up to
date; 9 rooms; lot 50x200; 2 blocks from San j
Francisco local: all sunny, nice rooms; price |
reduced to $S5OO last week; photo In office, i
Address owner, E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland.
HOUSES to let: send for a list: also sale bar-
pains E E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOIt HAIK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa. thr
furniture dealer 11th nnrt Franklin. Oakland
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA >! KIM RKAI, K»T»TB.
FOR sale — On account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus: doing business of $15 to $25 a day; or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply MX) Halght st.
THE finest water front property In Alameda for
sale at a great bargain. E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st. . -
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Sth it.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JUST the place you have been looking for.
You have been wanting to raise chicken*;
here Is your opportunity; I have a very fine
corner lot, 200x140, with a fine house of 7
rooms; In perfect order; electric cars pass
the property: only 5 minutes to R. R. station:
a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc.; to be sold
for less than the Improvements cost. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
HORSES.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. . Chase & Mendenhall.
successors Kllllp & Co.; salesyard. 1732 Mkt.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — 40 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car Ptnhli»s. '"''l Turk Ft
/ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS: tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts, i
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
STORAGE.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 785 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713. ,
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH.' prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel Clay 25.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Paul Reichwagen and Clara Boettge 25-21
Patrick McGreal and Mary A. Glblin... 34-26 1
Charles W. Chapell and Clara J. 8i5h0p.. 29-21
Charles G. Minor and Frlda Winstedt 32-21
Fred Hauser and Jessie Girzikowski 38-25
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ■ offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHASE— In this city, May 24, 1899. to the wife j
of Fred H. Chase, a daughter.
CHRISTENSEN— In this city. May 23. 1899, to
the wife of Anton Christensen. a daughter.
GEE— In Vallejo, May 12, 1899, to the wife of
James Gee Jr., twins— a son and a daughter.
QUINLAN— In this city, May 22, 1899. to the
wife of Richard D. Quinlan, a son.
WEINGARTEN— In this city. May 21. ISM, to
the wife of Henry Welngarten. a daughter.
_ died. ;
Allen. Mary 1 ' Lewkowitz. Jacob
Altfield. Abel Mackinlay. Capt. D.
Andrews. Sarah Morris. Thomas R.
Cheyne. Robert O'Brien. Mary M.
Curran, Johnny P. O'Connell, Annie A.
Dewey, Alfred T. Ogren, Fred
I'lftot. A. . Orr. James H.
Fisher, Daniel F. Patt. Ewald
Fitzpatrick. Edward Rideout. Capt. J. R.
.-' Furman. Carrie H. Roberts, Annie
Hackley, Robert J. Rodgors, George
Hathaway, Charlas Sargent. Thomas F.
Kane. Thomal J. Van Iderstlne. David
La Farier, Henry Walsh. Joseph A.
Lahl, Lucy V. Whittier. Lovatla E.
ALLEN— In this city. May 23, 1899. Mary, be-
loved mother of Elizabeth and John W. Allen,
a native of County Sligo, Ireland, aped 48
years.
. ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2005 Mission street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ALTFIELD— In this city. May 25. 1899. Abel,
beloved husband of Hannah Altfield. a na-
tive of Nelsstadt. Poland.
ANDREWS-In Alameda. May 2", 1899. Sarah,
beloved wife of Richard Andrews, and mother
of Mrs. Edwin Pearson, Mrs. C. R. Nolte and
R. H. Andrews, a native of Weymouth, Eng-
land, aged 70 years and 8 months.
CHEYNE— this city. May 24. 1899, Robert,
dearly beloved husband of Josephine Cheyne,
a native of Scotland, aged 82 years.
{ETRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
CURRAN— In this city. May 25. 1599, Johnny
. P., beloved son of John F. and Amelia Cur-
ran, and brother of Francis Curran. a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 6 months.
DEWEY— 1304 Franklin street, Oakland.
May 24, 1899, Alfred T. Dewey, aged 65 years.
A member of Lodge No. 188, F. and A. M.,
Oakland, and of Temescal Grange, P. of H.
DIFTOT— In this city. May 25. 1899. A. Diftot.
a native of Paris, France, aged 72 years and
3 months. ■■...
FISHER— In this city. May 24, 1899. Daniel P.,
beloved husband of Susie E. Fisher, father of
Emma and Birdie Fisher, stepfather of Still-
man Leonard and Mrs. Harry Burnngton,
and brother of E. W. and Herbert T. Fisher.
a native of Massachusetts, aged 50 years 2
• months and 24 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 39 Bruce place, off Folsom street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK-In this city, May 24. UK, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Bridget Fltzpat-
rick, and father of Mary, Sadie. Thomas,
leta, Madeline, Joseph and Edwin Fltzpat-
rick, a native of Tipperary, Ireland.
Es*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1702% Harrison street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Shotwell and
Eighteenth streets, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FURMAN— In Golden Gate, Alameda County,
Cal., May 25, 1899, Carrie H., beloved' wife of
William B. Furman, mother of Theresa E.
and Hugh L. Furman, and sister of E. H.,
H. H. and L. T. Plant, a native of California,
aged 39 years 8 months and 2S days. (Solano
papers please copy.)
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner of Alcatraz and Essex streets.
Golden Gate, Alameda County. Interment St.
Mary's "Cemetery, Oakland.
HACKLEY— In this city. May 23, 1899. Robert
J., beloved husband of Mrs. Hacklev, a na-
tive of New York, aged 58 years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2616 Bush street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
M. E. B. A. No. 35 — Members are requested to
meet at reading rooms this. day (Friday), at
1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, R. J. Hackley.
GEORGE R. LINDSAY. President.
J. J. SEARY, Secretary.
HATHAWAY— At his home In San Lorenzo.
Alameda County, of apoplexy, Charles W.
' Hathaway, a native of Freetown, Mass., aged
78 years 1 month and IS days.
. Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at his late resi-
■ dence. Interment private, in Laurel Hill
Cemetery, San Francisco.
KANE— In this city. May 24. 1599. Thomal J..
beloved husband of Sarah Kane, and brother
of Frank and Charles Kane, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 42 years.
[TTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2665
Mission street.
LA FARIER— In this city. May 25, 1599. Henry
La Farier. a native of Canada, aged 44 years.
tT7"Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
"* fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAHL (nee COLLINS)— this city. May 24,
1899, Lucy Viola, wife of Edw. Lahl, daugh-
■ ter of Mrs. S. C. Glover and the late John
; T. Collins, and granddaughter of Mrs. Annie
'"inns', a native of San Francisco, aged 16
year? 10 months and 8 days. ,". .
(CT.Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marini A Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
near Union. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery." . >.
LEWKOWITZ— In this city. May 25. 1899. Jacob
Lewkowitz.' a native of Prussia, aged 67 year?.
C?Notice of funeral hereafter.
MACKINLAY— At Invercaple. Campbell sta-
tion, Sar.ta Clara County, Cal., May 23, 1899.
Captain Duncan Macklnlay, dearly beloved
.husband of Jennie James Macklnlay, a native
of Glasgow. Scotland, aged 58 years.
tC?"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late residence,
near Campbell, Santa Clara County. Inter-
ment private.
MORRIS— In the City and County Hospital.
May 23, 1899, Thomas Richard Morris, a na-
tive of Virginia, aged 62 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 25, 1899. Mary M.,
, -beloved daughter of John and Sarah O'Brien,
and brother of John O'Brien, a native of San
Francisco, aired 1 month and 3 days.
O'CONNELL— At her home. Laurel Lodge, In
. Sausalito, Annie Ashley, beloved wife of
the !ate Daniel O'Connell. and mother of
Charles. Rosamonde, Mabel. Reginald. Ida.
Grace and Geraldlne O'Connell. a native of
_ Monterey. Cal., aged 43 years.
_ * >• It^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, at St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street.
OGREN— In this city. May 23. 1599. Fred Ogren,
a native of Sweden, aged 47 years. .
[CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral this day
• (Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ORR— this city, May 25. 1899, James H.. be-
loved son of the late James and Elizabeth
Ofr, a native of New York.
PATT— In the City and County Hospital.
May 25. 1899. Ewald Patt, a native of Ger-
many, aged 39 years.
RIDEOUT— In Sausalito, May 2.". 1899, Cap-
tain James Ransome Rideout, a native of
Maine, aged 51 years.
ROBERTS— In this city. May 24. 1599. Annie,
beloved wife of Edward Roberts, and mother
of David. Johnnie and Beatrice Annie Rob-
erts, a native Of England, aged 35 years and
5 months. '
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late residence.
614 Missouri street, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second. Potrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
RODGERS— In this city. May -25. 1899, George
Rodgers, a native of Massachusetts, aged 70
years.
SARGENT— In Manila, Philippine Islands. Au-
gust 17, IS9S, Thomas F.. beloved son of the
late Mary A. Sargent, brother of William T.
Sargent, and nephew of Ellen and Katie E.
Leary. a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 1 month and 4 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
May 28, 1899, at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where -a solemn requiem mass will
■ be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery. •
VAN IDERSTINE-In this city. May 24, 1899.
David, dearly beloved husband of Henrike
Van Iderstine. and father of Alma. George
and Edna Van Iderstlne, a native of Prince
Edwards Island, aged 59 years 3 months and
6 days. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27.
A. O. U. W. •
ICrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 7 Pond street, near Sixteenth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
WALSH— In San Jose. Cal., May 25. 1899, Jo-
seph A., beloved son of Minnie E. and the late
Walter J. Walsh, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 2 months and 22 days.
WHITTIER— In this city, May 24. 1599, Lovan-
' tia Ermina, ■ beloved wife of the late John
Franklin Whittier, a native of Irasburg, Vt..
born March 31. 1831.
ET-Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at the par-
lors of St. Nicholas Hotel, corner Hayes and
Market stretts.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALIIER4
to Fifth it.. oppo«lt« Lincoln School.
T«ltpbon» South **.
McAVOY &. CO.V I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 6c EMBALMERS, J
• 1235 Market St., between co., a
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &: EMBALMERS, j
1225 Market st. between fth and 3th.
Telephone. South 247. |
1112
BLAMES THE COMPANY
FOR RECKLESS SPEED
Child's Death Charged to Mar
ket-Street Railway.
Coroner's Jury Asks Supervisors to Reg
ulate Speed of Electric Cars in
Downtown Districts.
THAT the said Thomas Kearney, age 6 years, residence 255
Stevenson street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
came to his death at the City Receiving Hospital, in said city
and county, on the 21st day of May, 1899, from shock due to in
juries, and we do further find that his injuries were due to his be
ing liin over by car No. 1111 of the Market Street Railroad Com
pany, in charge of Motorman Tanner. We exonerate said motor
man from all blame in the matter, as we believe from the evidence
that he did not see the child until it was too late to prevent the ac
cident. We censure the Market Street Railway Company for al
lowing their cars to be run at such a rate of speed as to endanger
life and limb by reason of motormen being unable to stop cars un
der 40 feet, as was shown by the evidence, and we recommend
that the Supervisors regulate the speed of said electric cars, es
pecially in th? business district, so that the cars can be stopped
instantly, if necessary to prevent an accident.
The foregoing is the verdict of the ,
tier's jury which passed upon the
Thomas Kearn< y. the child ;
ii li car "ii Third street
5 afternoon. From the out
he proceedings were of a farcical
there being an apparent effort
to bring "ut a* little testimony as
Bible that would be against t Ji • ■ Market
Railway Company. Frank Kelly,
an attorney who attends to minor i
in the Police Court for the railway
company, sat at the right hand of Cor
oner Hill and dictated what questions,
should be ask- d.
Under the law attorneys have
rights which th.- Coroner must respect
an inquest is in progress. They
may attend through the courtesy ol
that official, but have no standing in
the premises otherwise. Coroner Haw
kins would not permit attorneys to
take any part in Inquests hold by him.
•ring to glean the facts required
without legal quibbling. The railroad
.itt.'rn"y held the center of the stas-'
yesterday. H« d ctated questions to be
asked witnesses and before any one left
the stand he was asked if he had any '
further questions to ask. The testi- I
mony throughout was colorless, the !
witnesses without exception sayinp the '
killing of the child could not be
avoided.
The testimony was all on the same
lines. Witnesses saw the boy Tommy
Kearney run across the street to meet
his father, apparently oblivious of im- i
pending danger. The motorman was |
running his car about eight miles an
They Told of the Death of Tommy Kearney Under the Wheels
of an Electric Car.
hour and did not see the boy until he
was between the tracks just in front of
the <-ar. He was struck down, and the
fender, which is attached to all electric
cars operated in this city, failed to act.
The trigger or apron attached to the
front of the car did not release the fen
der, which is attached to the front
trucks rif the running gear. The boy
was thrown under the wheels, those in
front passing over his hips. His
clothes caught in some projection and
he was draged some sixty or eighty
feet before the car was stopped.
Ther>' was some contradictory testi
mony as to passengers on the dummy
obstructing the view of Motormaa Tan
ner. Mrs. I. V. Butler, a passenger on
the car, said there was do one on the
front of the car. In this she was sup
ported by Em|l ' Ney. The motorman
was positive In his statement of a pas
senger standing on the front step. In
this statement he was supported feebly
by several witnesses. The majority of
these favored the corporation, there
being apparently no witnesses for the
prosecution.
The inquest was the longest held un
der the present administration. After
the afternoon Bession the jury went to
Kearny street, where they were shown
the workings of the fender now in gen
eral ush.
William Tanner, motorman of the
death-dealing 1 car, was the first wit
ness. 11' testified to having seen nine
years' service with the railroad com
pany. For four years he has been a
motorman and this was the first acci
dent. His story <>f the accident was In
effect that he did not see the child.
Thomas Kearney, until the car was up
"ii him. Tie was between two tracks
and but a few feet in front of the car.
Th>- motorman claimed his view in the
direction v\ hence came the boy was
obstructed by a man standing on the
front sten of the car. The car was
traveling eight miles an hour and the
bell was n'H being rung. Questioned
as to the fender, he said it was of the
type used on all the cars of the Market
street railway system. He had never
seen any one knocked down and saved
by them. The fender of his car was
down but the child was behind it and
under the wheels.
In response to a juryman's question
as to how the boy could pet behind the
fender he said he was apparently t<>o
small an object to force it into opera
tion. The boy was but five feet away
from his car and directly in front of it
when he first saw him. He did not ring
hi? bell.
Patrolman James Cook was or. Third
street when the accident occurred. He
heard the hoy scream and looked
around just in time to pep him disap
pear under the car. When he went to
rescue him the second wheels were
pressing on his body and the car had
to be moved back six inches before the
bod: could be released. He thought
the car ran forty feet after striking the
boy.
Thomas Carrick. the conductor of the
car, could throw but littlf- light on the
accident as he was at his post on the
rear platform of the car. He thought
they were traveling eight miles an hour
as required by law. He could not say
how quickly a car may be stopped, say
ing it depended on conditions of speed
and grade.
Mrs. I. V. Butler was positive no one
obstructed the view of the motorman,
but softened her testimony by saying
the accident was unavoidable. The boy
had his head down and apparently was
unaware of the approaching oar. Mrs.
Butler stopped abruptly in the middle
of her testimony to order the artists,
who were working industriously trans
ferring her features to their sketching
pads, not to draw her picture.
M. S. Stein, division superintendent
of the Market Street Railway, waa the
next witness. He was questioned
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 26, 1899.
chiefly on the matter of fenders and of
the character of Motorman Tanner. As
the latter had never been in his office,
he explained," his character was excel
lent. The fenders had saved the llvea
of peveral boys and dogs, and he be
lieved the reason It had failed In this
instance was because the boy was hit
by the corner of the car and the portion
of the body touched by the "trigger"
of the fender was not of sufficient bulk
to throw the fender into place. He de
plored the accident which resulted in
the boy's death, but said no apparatus
is infallible. He said this was the first
rase where a person got under a car
since the present fenders were adopted.
Charles Holland, a German, could
speak no English, so an interpreter was
pressed into service. It finally became
necessary to secure another interpreter
to interpret his interpretations. The
jurymen and some spectators took a
hand, entirely upsetting the gravity of
the occasion. The jurymen accused the
interpreter of rendering improper trans
lations of the testimony. This he in
dignantly denied, saying he knew his
mother tongue. Nothing material was
developed.
The evening session was enlivened by
E. Jacobson and Emll Ney. The former
said he did not see the accident, but
came to protest against the high rate
of speed at which cars are run on Third
street. He said they treveled ten or
twelve miles an hour, and that where
the car should have been stopped in
live or six feet it required sixty or sev
enty feet to bring it to a standstill.
Emll Ney, a descendant of Marshal
Ney "the bravest of the brave," in
dulged in some crude repartee with
Attorney Kelly. He first told, dramati
cally, of the accident, of which he was
an eye witness. Counselor Kelly ap
parently thought his testimony had
made an impression on the jury, and
proceeded to question the garrulous
witness. Kelly intimated that the wit
ness had called upon him three times
during the day. If given a position
he would Dot appear as a witness
nst the corporation. Ney grasped
the situation and shouted at Kelly,
"You can't bulldoze me! Didn't you
borrow four luis from me six years ago
at the State Legislature and never paid
it back? You can't bulldoze me!"
Kelly meekly said he had no further
questions, and the witness retired in
triumph.
X. T. Kearney, father of the dead boy.
traced his movements for a short time
before the accident. He said he
thought it was willful murder on the
part of the motorman. If he had been
looking ahead the accident would not
have happened.
Dr. Zabala. the autopsy physician,
told of the grievously injured boy. He
used a number of medical terms, which
Coroner Hill translated for the benefit
of the Jurymen. <">ne of his solemn
translations was to the effect that "an
abrasion is a bruise."
Th-> jury was out over an hour before
arriving at the verdict set forth in the
foregoing. The Jurymen were: Richard
Launder, K'24 Market street; Louis
Levy. 33 Eddy: Max Bernstein, 22
Eddy; F. Behncke. 10 Mason: H. J.
Hippen. 134 Ellis; J. A. Galli. 134 Ellis:
H. Becker, 128 Ellis, and S. Ronda, 102
Powell.
Commander in Chief General Miles
and General Miller of the Iloilo expe
dition write about our new memorial
day in next Sunday's Call.
The Railroad's New Hospital.
The Southern, Pacific Company Hospi
tal, which his just been finished at the
nnrnpr of Fourteenth and Mission streets,
received -its first patients yesterday. The
building is thoroughly equipped with all
the modern improvements known to the
medical fraternity. There are fourteen
patients already in the building. Some
of these have been removed from Sacra
mento, whore the company has its own
hospital: others from the Fabiola in Oak
land find St. Luke's and the French Hos
pital in this city. Hereafter the South
ern Pacific Company Hospital will be
used as the receptacle for all cases where
accidents occur in and about this city,
and also for such of the company's em
ployes as need medical treatment.
Go to Brodek's Baldwin barber shop, 226
Powell st., for fine work; also baths. ♦
F. Zinkand and Bride Banqueted.
Ferdinand Zinkand and his bride were
the guests at a banquet given In their
honor at Zinkand's last night by: the rela
tives and intimate friends of the newly
wedded couple. Nearly fifty people sat
down to the feast, which was given In the
banquet hall of the well-known cafe. The
table was handsomely decorated for the
occasion with cut flowers, smilax and
evergreens. ' Speeches Were delivered and
the musical entertainment was. furnished
by the guests.
DINNER SET DAY.
Some sets cut 60 per cent.
Some sets out 50 per cent.
*3 75, *4 85, $5 35. »6 25, J7 85 per Bet
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
CANDIDATES FOR
SECRETARY OF
THE PARIS BOARD
Varney Gaskill Will
Be Elected.
BEN TRUMAN'S SUGGESTION
THE LOS ANGELES MAJOR
WANTED THE PLACE.
Commissioners Foote and Runyon
Will Not Stand for Any
Programme on Patron
age.
The Pays Exposition Commission re
cently appointprl by Governor Gage will
meet in this city next Monday to organ
ize. Major Benjamin V. Truman, the
\7/\RNEY GASKILL.
Commissioner representing Southern Cali
fornia, announced a few days ago that
he could not leave Los Angeles before
Monday evening next, but when he ascer
tained that Commissioners W. W. Foote
of San Francisco and E. W. Runyon of
Red Bluff had resolved to meet on Mon
day - the major changed . his programme
and gave notice that he would leave the
orange groves on Saturday to arrive here
on Sunday.
There are two candidates for the posi
tion of secretary of the commission. One .
la V*arney Gaskill, formerly of Oakland,
but of late a banker, of. Amador County;
the other is O. A. Stevens, a writer on the
staff of the Los Angeles Herald. Either
one would make a capable and creditable
secretary. Mr. Gaskill will receive the |
support of Commissioners Foote and Run
yon and thus secure the prize. Major
Truman, may acquiesce and render the
choice unanimous. ."-.',"
The fact is well known that Major Tru
man was in favor of himself -for secre
tary. 'This desire for double honor and
Increased emolument in the office-holding
line is in perfect harmony with the poli
tical traditions of Southern California. In I
this particular instance Major Truman
may have had a programme to carry out
whereby friends of certain well-known
politicians could be grafted on the com
mission.' ; • •
The scheme hatched in the south to
elect Truman secretary calls to mind the
history of. the World's Fair Commission.
The sum of $300,000 was appropriated by
the Legislature to assist California In
making a proper display at Chicago.
Counties and local boards also joined in
the enterprise and the representation of
California was highly "creditable.
The credit, however, was not wholly due
to the State Commissioners appointed by
Governor Markham. One of the flrsi acts
of the commission was the election of one
of its own members. Mr. Thompson of
Tulnre to the office of secretary. Thomp
son proved a failure as a •Commissioner
and as a secretary, In his capacity of
Commissioner he directed the secretary
to perform acts Involving the expenditure
of money, and the result was that affairs
financial became so muddled . that the
board decided to appoint Andrew J. Moul
der financial secretary in order to sim
plify the work of the commission.
One of the first acts of the commission
wan to draw from the State treasury the
entire sum of $300,000 and deposit the same
In two commercial banks; and these I
banks had the use of the cash for one
year without paying interest. Mr. Moul
der figured that interest amounting to
$12,000 would have accumulated If the
money had been deposited in savings
banks. The Commissioners contended
that the commercial banks accommo
dated them with exchange without
charge, and therefore figured that the ex
change accommodation would offset the
interest. The Commissioners, as well as
the bankers with whom the State's
money was deposited were responsible
men, and there never was any danger
that the public would sustain a loss by
bank failure. Vet the practice of giving
a bank the free use of public money was
not commended by business men, al
though it was then sanctioned by Irving
M. Scott, James D. Phelan and others
comprising the commission.
No doubt some enterprising banker will
suggest to Commissioners Foote, Runyon
and Truman the advisability of drawing
from the State treasury the entire sum
appropriated by the. Legislature for . the
Paris Exposition.
It transpires now since. the appointment
of E. W. Runyon to represent Northern
California that Governor Gage had on his
slate the name of General N. P. Chipman,
but the latter was not willing to sacrifice
a life position as Supreme Court Com
missioner for the fleeting honors and not
very tempting emoluments of the exposi
tion board. Mr. Runyon, who was in line
for appointment with the rank of colonel
on the Governor's staff, -was highly. rec
ommended as a capable Republican, and
so obtained the place. If Mr. ; Runyon
should make an .exceptionally good record
as a Commissioner he may be promoted
to the rank of colonel when the exposition
closes, i • ■■•'.
When 'the commission was appointed
Major Truman was further advanced in
French than his associates. He had prior
knowledge that he would be chosen, and
therefore began his studies early, but W.
W. Foote -is , fast gaining, on: the. major,
and -before the exposition opens may sur
pass the. Southern Callfornlan.
Letters which . William P. English re
ceived from General Thomas J. > Clunle .in
Paris have- greatly encouraged Mr. Foote
to pursue his studies In French. General
Clunie had been in Paris but three weeks
when he wrote to Mr. English:
"I speak French readily, and Raphael
■W.eill says my accent is something won
derful."
If the public service should demand per
sonal sacrifice Mr. Foote would go to
Paris early and stay late. Major Truman
would not linger long in California if he
were firmly convinced that his post of
duty was Paris. Mr. Runyon's business
affairs in Tehama County demand much
of his time and attention, vet if the vital
interests of California should demand his
early departure for Paris and a long so
journ at the exposition he would sacrifice
individual considerations for the public
good.
GLENN COUNTY LOSES.
Will Have to Pay Old Railroad Taxes
to Colusa.
According to a decision of the Justices
of the Supreme Court yesterday, the
county of Glenn must turn over to the
county of Colusa the sum of $1622 72 il
legally collected, the latter having sued
the former and obta. .Ed judgment. The
points of law involved have practically
been decided in several cases of county
sump county.
This action was to recover $1622 72 taxes
assessed by <'<ilusa County against the
Northern Railway Company for the years
1886 and ISB7, and which sum was paid by
th>- railroad company to Glenn County iii
1594. The assessment of the railroad com
pany was made by the State Board of
Equalization, but it was not paid im
mediately.
Subsequently the Board of Equalization
made a reassessment of the property of
the railroad, and the question arose as to
whether or not the board had jurisdiction
to make such reassessment. The Supreme
Court regards the latter act of the board
as being in excess of its power, the first
assessment being valid and in compliance
with the law; and, further, the first as
sessment was made before Glenn County
was created and while it was a part of
Colusa County. The act creating Glenn
County did not provide for apportionment
of the public property or the debts or
credits of Oolusa County between it and
the new county.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Congressman Marion de Vries of Stock
ton Is registered at the Palace.
Mark R. Plaistcd. editor of the Fresno
Democrat, Is among the guests at the Cali
fornia.
D. J. Flannigan. Government contrac
tor and redwood manufacturer of Hum
i boldt County; is at the Lick.
Raron H#wl and Baron Fiismarck nf
; Germany arrived from New York on the
overland last evening and arc guests at
i the Palace.
Fred A. Hines. a delegate to the Im
perial Masonic Council at Buffalo, N. V..
arrived yesterday from Los Angeles and
will leave for the Blast to-day.
Railroad Commissioner K. It. Edson ar
rived yesterday from Gazelle, Biskiyou
County, and is at the Occidental. He
■ will call a special meeting of the com-
I mission, at which the "Stockton differen
tial" will be given a further hearing.
H. Freeman Duval and wife, H. R. Du
val and R. G. Duval of New York City
i arrived yesterday from the Yosemite Val
ley and are registered at the Palace. 11.
F. Duval is president of the Florida Cen
tral Railroad. The party is traveling in
its private car and will tour the State be
fore returning East.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 25.— R. A. Croth
ers of Sun Francisco is at the Arlington;
F. E. Knowlcs of San Francisco is at the
Rlggs House.
MERCY IS THEIR MOTTO.
Ladies Organizing to Promote Kind- !
ness to Dumb Animals.
Thorp is every reason to believe that
the coming generation will be more mer
ciful to the dumb creatures of this world
than is the present. At least this Is the
object fur which a goodly* number of the
ladies of San Francisco are striving, and
according: to the reports of those belong
ing: to the California Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals the seed
of mercy is being well sown. The ladles
of the society met yesterday and Mrs.
M. 10. Holbrook and Miss M<-i}raw stated
that in the public schools they have now
organized about sixty bands of mercy.
All of the youthful members are pledged
to practice and teach kindness to ani
mals.
Mrs. Clara Foltz delivered an interest
ing address upon the good that can be
done along the line laid down by the pro
moters of the move.
The subject of coursing was discussed
by the ladies, the Impression being that
it is a cruel sport and that the hounds
torture and mutilate the hares. Manx
were a little surprised to learn that when
a hare is " struck" by a hound death im
mediately follows and that not one bunny
out of a hundred lives over ten seconds
after being caught by the dogs. In or
der to determine for themselves as to
the amount of cruelty involved in killing
rabbits by this method a committee con
sisting of Mrs. Whiting. Mrs. Lewitt,
Mrs. Paulson and Miss Crookham was
appointed to visit the coursing parks and
witness the sport. The committee to
visit the schools consists of Mrs. Whit
ing. Mrs. Lewitt and Miss Goodridge.
The ladies present were:
Mrs. H. C WhltlriK, Mrs. H. C. Gnodrldge,
Mrs. E. Paulson. Mrs. A. Lewitt. Mrs. O. I
Sheehan, Mis* E. E. ('rookham. Mrs. C. B Hnl
brook, Mrs. Clara Foltz, Mrs. I-a Morpy, Miss
Murphy. Miss Nellie Mowry and Miss' M. E.
McUraw.
The Head Consul.
The committee of the Woodmen of the
World that has under its direction the re
ception to be tendered to-morrow night to
V A. Falkenberg of Denver, Colo., the
head consul of the order in the Pacific
jurisdiction has completed its labors. The
i< ceptlon will be In the Mechanics' Pavil
ion and there will he a free to all enter
tainment of song and music, to be fol
lowed by a dance after the literary exer
cises.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS. ---
<?^+®4® 4 <§¥$*$ -f ®4® 4 ®4® 4® -f (s>f®-f<s) 4- ®+®+® V ®-f®-fS -*■ (?4® -f
®' ♦ '
1
1 " ;
I Our REORGANIZATION SALE
I closes on WEDNESDAY, May
f 31st, and we strongly com-
I mend to the attention of in-
-1 tending purchasers the numer-
j| ous bargains now being dis-
| played on our counters.
j We specially invite atten-
-1 tion to a large accumulation
® of Remnants in DRESS GOODS,
I SILKS and MOURNING GOODS
♦ which we will dispose of be-
-1 fore the closing of the sale.
| fore the closing of the sale,
$ On to-morrow (Saturday)
® we will offer at 65c, 70c and
1 89c a pair TWO CLASP
® CHAMOIS and LAMBSKIN
| GLOVES.
®
X if if Murphy Building:. J
$ Market and Jones Streets.
CHILE'S CONSUL
ENTOMBED WITH
FITTING HONORS
Diplomatic Corps in ai
Body Attend.
A NOTABLE CAREER ENDED
BRAVERY IN BATTLE BROUGHT
HIM PREFERMENT.
Hector Aldunate Appointed to Tem
porarily Fill the Place Made
Vacant by the Death of
the Official.
Colonel T.eonoin F. Tagle, Consul Gen
eral of Chil<' at this porl, was buried i
yesterday. He died at the French Hos
pital of a complication of diseases <m
Wednesday night, and the funeral serv
ices were held at the Church of Nuestra
Senora d.' Guadeloupe, on Broadway near j
Mason street, am o'clock, the Inter
tnent taking place in Calvary Cemetery, j
The funeral was attended by many
friends Of the deceased, both Americans
and residents of the Spanish-American
colony, and the diplomatic corps in this
City showed their respont for their late;
colleague by being present i.i a body.
Colonel Tagle. who was appointed Con
sul General here on November 8, 1897, was
a prominent citizen in his own country
and served with distinction in the war
between Chile and Peru. H>> was com- ;
manilcr of the Second Brigade of Ihe j
Chilean army and displayed unusual
bravery at the taking of Arequlpa. and it
was largely In recognition of his hero
ism there that he was accorded his im
portant post In the diplomatic service. '
In the discharge of his consular duties
he won the gratitude of his fellow coun
trymen and also the high esteem of all
Americans here who have dealings with
Chile He leaves a widow and live daugh
ters who. though he was at one time
worth half a million dollars, will have
to look to his interest in the Minas de
I'unitaqul for their future support. These
mines situated in the province of Co
(luimbo, are the only quicksilver mines
In Chile that have been at all developed,
and at the time of his death Colonel Ta
gle was perfecting arrangements for
their development by a syndicate of
American capitalists.
A dispatch was received from the Chil- |
can foreign office appointing Hector AI- ■
dunate Acting Consul General in San j
Francisco. He is a brother-in-law of the
late Consul General, being a son of Senor
Aldunate. who stands high in the eoun- ,
cils of the South American State, and j
had been secretary of the consulate. He
has resided in San Francisco for several j
years and has been devoting himself to
the study of dentistry.
A double love tragedy, of Salvador
and San Francisco, in next Sunday's
Call.
BUNKOED WOMEN.
Capture of a Man Who Found Fair
Victims.
QAXXAND, May 16.— A. Arlington, alias I
Charles Holman. who has gained much
unenviable notoriety as a bunkoer of |
women and who has been wanted here
on a charpe of grand larceny, was arrest
ed to-night at Seventh and Broadway.
About six weeks ago Mrs. Minnie M.
Smith of Portland. Or., swore to a com
plaint charging him with relieving her of
a 'purse containing $250. She claimed he
had induced her to go to Piedmont Springs
with him to view property he said he ex ■
Eected to purchase for J:W,OOO. Somehow
c got hold of her purse and disappeared.
When Detective Holland and Officer
Flvnn placed Arlington under arrest to
night he was in the company of Miss M.
Peterson, residing at 936 Post street. San
Francisco, who stated that she was en
gaged to marry the prisoner. The young
woman was not slow to realize her es
cort's predicament and openly accused
him of having also bunkoed her out of
JCO. She said he had represented himself
as a wealthy man and h mine owner, and
that only this evening he had flashed a
$1200 roll of greenbacks. When searched
at the City Prison Arlington was found
to possess a small roll of paper wrapped
In a $1' greenback as a blind. The author
ities regard the capture as a clever and
timely ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May 25.— J. C. Stubba and
wife of San Francisco arc at the Plaza:
W. Walsti. wife and throe daughters of
Stockton are at the Hoffman; Mil.? M.
Potter Of Los Angeles is at the Manhat
tan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,/#
p jlj
A BIG KICK
A man makes when his laundry work
Is sent home with porcupine edges and
spread eagle button holes. If he would
bring his linen to an up-to-date laun-
dry, where perfect methods obtain at
all times, such as the .United States
Laundry, he will receive his shirts, col-
lars and cuffs equal to new every time
that we send them home.
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
I 5 I
II BICYCLES F|
H THOS. H. B. VAENEY, Market & lOth, S.F.I
■ Open Wednesday aid Saturday Evenings. I
_ ■ _ ;
-= r ~^» DR. MEYERS
«IP^ ll SPECIALISTS
13m I p OR MEN.
/@^/ t^'^-tyKj?^ 0 } Established IS Yfars
Wt j^S^fi) PAY WHEN CURED.
\i.']jKk, /■ .\ I No charge for consul-
WHW, *£*&£* k tatlon - Home cures
\\L\iw>. (IMiW2m%~ a specialty. Private
I*i«.l7*itt|S^V^"M i b(Jflk . diagnosis shei-t
Jk\xai&'iVtii Wm antl advlce free by
«O^ffi&. 731 Market St., S.F
Baja California
DAMIANA -BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonio
for the. sexual and urinary oruans of both
Eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
322 Market street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
MPDWITA lost vigor.
■MCri VI I M L OST VJGOR.
jgK||». -""rAND MANHOOD
Efi3r&jl Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
ErkH^S 3 rf 'SC2s«. all effects of ;elf^bu;e. or excess and
mST^^TI indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
j^i^pw Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and rj>
L f^- J I starts the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
SfliC^L box; 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
?»lt<«>ln y guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Imedicai Co., CHstton « Jackson sis., Cbifaflj.
£3. I*. BalUwin & Co.. Pru^stfltc, 8 Market, S.F.